His leg drives between my thighs, pressing against my engorged groin.
“I'm good, but the offer is appreciated. So tell me, did the incomparable Sherlock, who incidentally, is watching you at this moment, did he- - ?"
"We're going out."
My brain cannot function, cannot translate to a sensible interpretation.
In his hand, he held a purple ring box.
“Walk,” he says, as if he reads my thoughts, “It will only make you value the beverage and the respite even more.”
Silence, then, "Yes, unconventional for me. But, I'm amiable to try."
The first individual I see inside the structure, I accost.
The police headquarters was our last stop for the day, and John was out of sorts.
I'm startled, “Damn you, cut it out,” snarling low, confronting him, "that happened just a single time. What's more, I think that good old bro there won't be too happy on the off chance that he discovers what you do in your spare time.”
The nicotine patches, three of them, were solidly pasted to my arm.
He turns away, beckons to the bartender, and asks for a beer. “I see how you disrobe me with your eyes. Do try not to attempt to deceive me.”
"Instead, he shook his head, walked closer, and clutched me in a bear hug. He whispered for me to see a doctor. Give me a tranquilizer. His voice broke, and he left me turning back to his desk saying he had work to do."
John approached Sherlock and handed him the small box. It was wrapped with green foil paper and an obscenely large red bow. He motioned for Sherlock to take it while he got the box Sherlock held out.
The wetness slides down my leg; my whimpers obscured in his shoulder.
“Why? So you can humiliate me more than you have?” glancing around to ensure nobody has heard us. Damn! Why am I reacting this way? I need to- - what? What John? I don't have a clue; I simply don't know.
We're out in this miserable weather solving a crime.
She bustles out, turns, and says she'll have hot buns for us later tonight.
My only want, for now, is a scorching hot shower, a piping hot cup of tea, and the softness and friendliness of my bed.
Taking the packet from his gloved fingers, I’m surprised at its weight. My eyebrows raise, and I have to question what it contains.
My heart’s irregular beating surfaced upon hearing the deep rumble of your voice, and I knew you were a danger to be near.
Did John take off and leave Sherlock? What happened under the ladder?
I'm startled when I hear his baritone voice. How the hell does he always manage to ambush me. “Get the hell away,” I snarl.
The memory of it gives me a moment of pleasure, and I explain, "you had just completely demoralized Anderson and --”
There’s a quiet in the flat that is stifling. Neither of us willing to move, to talk, to do anything but sit.
I'm dazed by this stranger who is bothered enough to ascertain my experience in this enterprise. "For what reason would you give it a second thought?" It's ludicrous, preposterous! People don't consider the sensitivity of a paid prostitute when their sexual demands are its main priority. This individual, whose name remains a mystery, surprises me. My hands under my head, I contemplate my next step, and the absurdity of my next statement shocks me. “For another three, I'll remain the night.”
I'm driven by an unseen force to creep, to slither like a snake towards him.
The doctor exerts a deep sigh and walks away, leaving me to retreat to my bedroom and go into the night dissecting anything I could have effected, could have stated.
For quite a while, I am rooted in the same location, gazing at nothing. I articulated that last phrase out of a requirement to control. And the fullness of my trousers at his nearness. I am internally wincing as I replay our encounter. Might I have been more receptive to his uneasiness? Appreciative that he had the guts to stand up to me and sufficiently astute to see his strength? Where is my truth? What I genuinely need and feel inclined to say is I'm sorry. I don't have the foggiest idea of how to. It's intellectually awkward knowing how profoundly I respect this man and value his good opinion.
What have I here? Hidden in the corner of the wardrobe is a pair of black jeans. Thank goodness my mid-section is not as rounded as some! To wear boxers or not. Such a silly question. Never would have considered this an issue before. Pulling on the jeans, I know the fabric will aggravate my private parts. I waver, but there's a nagging part of my brain that tells me to leave those damn boxers on the floor. Removing a pullover sweater out of the drawer, I change my mind. What the fuck are you doing? You're not going on a date!
The popcorn bag is between John's legs. Reaching over I place a hand on his knee, and leisurely, I move it up to his thigh.
On my hands and knees-- you follow--slithering and flatten me on my back.
That is Johns strategy for overseeing anything terrible.
He's made tea and is reading the latest sports page.
“You were too cock-sure of yourself. You found me in an undesirable environment and knew nothing of my background. Assumed I'd behave myself.”
“You need refreshment," almost carrying me; I want nothing more than to fall into a chair or bed.
"Yes, you dopey git. I want you. What do you say to that?"
If he gets snarky, I might be tempted to take a punch or two at his beautiful face, or, as I usually do, when it gets too unbearable, just leave the flat.
I can faintly hear pans rattling downstairs where my landlady is set on baking and is warbling simultaneously with the radio.
“It’s two hundred dollars. You pay for the hotel and no sleazy establishment. No ass fucking and no kissing."
“What’s so incredulous about me brewing the tea? It’s child play,” taking the pot off the stovetop and setting it on the potholder on the table.
We’re sitting on the couch, leaning into one another, seemingly kissing.
As John and Daniel work together to find a few selected outfits of dress shirts, trousers, and jeans, Sherlock knew he was doing the right thing by giving John a makeover.
"Sherlock Holmes," she pulls back," how dare you to suggest I have anything other than your--," her hands vanish into her apron pockets--which is a sure signal of her agitation.
Some method of not registering the deep emotion that tickles at my throat.
Increasingly more unnerved, my breath falls in tiny gasps as I surge up the steps toward Johns's bedroom and--.
This has to be it--I should own this to whatever end it may bring.
The doctor's voice is carefully even, " You brought Chinese food for the two of us, not knowing I was here. Is that what I understand?"
I’m speechless. I did not expect such a deep richness of his voice and the invitation for sex ripples throughout me.
His mouth curves in a snarl, "it behooves you to clean this, this disorder in here, and I may add, the remainder of the flat. Try not to demand Mrs. Hudson's assistance. I revealed that if she so much as lent you a broom, the consequences would be great. Additionally, put something solid into your body. I'll have something send-up since I presume your pantry is--revolting. Good day, my brother," and ushers himself out of my sight.
He folds his arms, while with a purposeful deliberation he studies my face, my eyes.
How normal for this genius to forget he has a partner with him. To vanish without giving notice.
I choose to peer down, endeavoring to moderate my pulse.
"If I were your stereotypical sexual deviant, I would be plunging into your anus."
He demands nothing but plies me with sandwiches and coffee.
Irritated with myself, I pull out a green button-down shirt to wear. Relying on the mirror in the bathroom, I brush my hair, mindful that my hands are trembling. The bottle of cologne is on the counter, and I splash some on my face and neck. Abruptly I hurl the brush towards the mirror. Damn, this is senseless. Damn, this is crazy! You are absurd!
"Sir, you don't have to raise your voice. I can hear you. That ladder that was there yesterday? They took it with them last evening when it started to rain," and shows me her back.
If there was something he needed to say to redirect the approaching marriage, some essential awareness that nudged at him, that was nearly at the edge of being spoken; he suppressed it.
Under the sofa and under the table. Under everything in the house.
Fact--He never arrived on the opposite side.
As Sherlock monitors me, I tuck in even more and hide from his scrutiny.
I'm twisting my body frantically, battling, wearing myself out. I hear moans and know it's originating from my mouth. Being held against my will was not something I ever contemplated.
I'm determined to take the bull by the horns, to get some explanation of his actions.
"So that's what you were doing just before. Of course, that's impossible. How was everything gone? Why would I do that without reason? And it would take, no, let me rephrase that--I would never leave you."
My knees won't bend.
The room suspends its turning, or maybe it's me that has frozen completely still.
The detective smiled as he watched John caress the brass knocker. They had never fixed this one item--until yesterday.
Those harsh, but baffling days, slumped in my comfortable chair.
I would rather die than lose him.
"Yes, yes, I'll abbreviate the account. I did, through much manipulation, find the ladder and pass under and no you. I lost all reasoning. All my mental resources zeroed in on where you could have vanished to. I acted such a fool and continued to venture back and forth numerous times."
As I do, they move two steps closer to me, so close.
If this explanation stops his snooping then I'm fine.
He looks at both myself and the teacher, and whispers, "she's excellent. I felt her head, and it's a minor impact."
“So you think I'm next on the list?” shifting my feet.
Again.
“Do you think I would venture out in that downpour last night? No, it was hand-delivered.”
I'm also conscious that he regards both my unwashed garments and myself with distaste.
A quiet, boring evening at home with him.
Shaking my head. Do I laugh? Do I feel annoyed that he knows about my interaction with Mycroft? Of course, he knew of it. Why wouldn't he? He's one of the Holmes brothers!
For indeed, it is a criminal location.
"And like the absolute over confident git that you are, you were willing to take the chance of what?" by this time, his tall tale being almost as smashingly stupid and unreal as mine.
Through the aisles with different styles of suits and dress shirts, we begin looking.
And yes, the container is sitting in the fridge on the second shelf, next to the milk.
Gnawing at my lip, out of my pocket I place a bill by him, waiting with every muscle tense.
His hand reaches out to mine, lowering the weapon that would have ended my ordeal, my life without him.
“Subsequent to his last confrontation with you, Sherlock has been a veritable stay at home," his expression pinched, sour, "to my utter annoyance. "He meanders the gardens, buries himself in books, and for the most part, languishes about the house."
“Oh damn, Sherlock--quit it already,” snarling.
I step away, breathing heavily, "No! No! I--friends. That's what I'd like us to be."
He sniffs the air and digs into a pocket for his handkerchief, placing it to his nose," Sherlock. When was the last you showered?"
I pick up on his door banging open, again the heavy footfall down to fling my door open, so it crashes into the wall with a thump.
I breathe in, gradually let it out, and take the few steps to Sherlock. His back to me, chatting with another doctor.
“John. You sound like a petulant child. Yes, I do indulge. I do anticipate and read them thoroughly beforehand and keep a strategic distance. Very well aware of what humans are capable of, I always have a weapon handy,” striding over to stand close, I plant my hands on his shoulders and he shrugs them off just as quick.
The tranquility that was Baker Street is absent.
"I'm her teacher. Mrs. Williamson. Will she be all right," her pinched face leaning in, taking the child's hand.
He was, in his conceit, exorbitantly sure about Johns' steadfastness, his commitment.
His voice is soft, loaded with the sort of conviction age brings. Screw him, my middle finger says. I feel frustrated. I feel disoriented mentally. Ill at ease. He is undermining my brashness. So distressed at this turn that I decide to depart and curtail my evenings' entertainment.
Ignoring that last remark, I lean in closer to him to emphasize my words, "It demanded I venture under this ladder. I had to know where you were. It was fundamental to--," not prepared to finish the sentence.
Your arm reaches and overturns the candy plate located on the table.
Insomnia has its grip on me.
A burst of moans. My moans. Emanating from my mouth!
He can't perceive how to live, doesn't understand how he'll cope without his John.
This took me microseconds to filter, during which time I'd shifted my glance to the parlor.
Before he has a chance to deny, “not a fucking word, you--"as I sigh and slap my thigh, all in such frustration that--"I don't give one monkeys toot what you might say with that--," was I really going to utter the words 'gorgeous mouth?'
Fact--John ventured under the ladder as witnessed by myself.
I hurl my shoe, and it hits his arm. He flinches, his head down he hastens to the door.
I know nothing about this individual holding me prisoner. What sort of insane person is he? What does he plan to do?
Frantic with terror, I throw open all of the pantry doors to discover there's no military mug, no bread rolls he adores, and no Yorkshire teabags.
My body freezes.
And again.
I'm alone, peering at the beverage in my hand, when a whisper occurs near my ear, “for two hundred, I'll engage another session.”
The movie was about to start. I didn't ask him, didn't acknowledge him, what he'd done.
He breaks the silence, going to considerable lengths to seem relaxed he says, "I'd offer you an evening drink at the house, but I'm apprehensive it would exacerbate my welcome."
"A lab in California was investigating fish from diverse coral reefs. Bringing in several varieties and setting them in fish tanks in a spacious room. A diver captured a Caribbean octopus and donated it to the laboratory. They put into a separate tank. The technicians noticed fish had disappeared when they arrived each morning. There were wet streaks on the floor.  Who was doing this, and why? Cameras were installed and strategically placed. In the morning, they watched the footage and had the shock of their lives. The octopus left his tank at night, slithered to the fish tanks, and took his fill. Putting covers on all the tanks, they arrived the next day, watched in amazement as the octopus removed his and two other tops, and returned to his tank."
"Don't do it. Please!"
I kiss him.
With one hand, he tears the bag open while the other whisks at the air, dismissing the man whos already out the door.
My eyes widen, but I have nothing to say.
John gives himself over to Daniel's capable hands.
Bill and his wife Angelica have welcomed us into their home for drinks one evening. My heart skitters when I first see Mycroft and then out of a hallway, strides Sherlock. I cannot meet his eyes, and I have the strongest desire to run out the door.
"Hey, I'm going to Mycrofts office to thank him personally. I feel strange, continually taking his money without a word of gratitude. Want to come?" wiping the dishes, as if indifferent to his answer.
Each smugly smiling, each tenderly stroking.
It hastily sinks when I recognize Mrs. Hudson's unhurried progress up to the flat.
Scrounging for something to wear, sliding the hangers back and forth, I realize my wardrobe looks like a man in his sixties resided in this bedroom. Baggy pants, khaki-colored, all of them, and well worn. I haven't bought a new pair in I don't know how long. Out of curiosity, I open my dresser drawers and sigh. Jumpers and plaid shirts that have age on them. Please, John, you only just turned thirty, and this is it? Frayed, burnt out? Time for a major change.
In a way, I have to laugh because that would have been aimed at one certain angular body sitting across from myself.
I see two fingers dip in the bag, come out, and before I know it he has smeared the butter on my lips. It was the way he did it that brought me up short. Sensually slow, looking into my eyes!
A knowing that my tempter tends to soar quickly.
Mycroft shuffles the papers and shifts them to one side, and his full attention swivels--to me.
But is it?
"Can I help you?" as the sales associate cleared his throat.
I try to avoid all the old friends. Avoid their long ‘feel sorry for you’ expressions.
The doctor who stepped into his life from the first encounter at Bart's Hospital and effectively grew to be an indispensable component of Sherlock.
But it hit the wall and bounced.
The kid, who is much older than at first look, has taken a seat on a table, legs dangling, is aloof.
Here is a case to solve.
"Fine," he yells.
Again my readers, please leave comments. And kudos.
Mike eyes me suspiciously, seeing my closeness to Sherlock," hmm, I bet," and leaves me, clucking his tongue.
I have accepted that I have fallen in love with you.
Please!!!!!!
“Self-centered, fucking bastard, cock--ah what's the use!” throwing my hands up. "Why did you do that? Trying to teach me a lesson, you said? Who made you my keeper?” If you asked me at this very moment I'd have to say my insides are wound like a clock spring. I cross the room to look out the window, fidgeting with the drapes, inhaling and exhaling. Don't let him rattle you. Keep your head.
Eventually, I'll hear her climbing the steps, those lovely buns stacked on a plate just waiting for me to devour them with tea.
I snatch the keys--hurl them over my shoulder.
" Sherlock Holmes, acknowledging he can tell a story. Imagine that," poking fun at me, tensely waiting while he sits in the seat across and adjusts the pillow.
"I told you to shut that fucking mouth. You don't get to tell me what you think. As a matter of fact, you don't get to tell me anything. As you always say, "and mocking my words, "sentiment is not my area.
Sherlock glances my way, smirks and turns to the companion he's speaking to. I make no move towards him.
Laughing, "Oh yes you are. You're an immature grown man.
She takes a step closer and whispers, "Yes, I'm certain. Watch yourself!" strolling off.
And that person is John Watson.
I can clearly see the detectives' eyes begin to gleam in that way that he has when solving a crime. I know what he's thinking.
Normally he could read John's expressions down to the minutiae. But now he was not sure.
she kept tittering on and on about our young lives being destroyed as she descended the steps."
“Most certainly, John. Most certainly.”
John's eyes go back to the screen, but I'm sure he's not watching.
It's been the last thing on my mind, “yeah, I might have something going.”
He inhales deeply and momentarily glances my way.
"Sherlock, "he murmurs my name as in a serenade, "Sherlock, Sherlock. You were going to let me marry a person I--" furthermore slanting his head to more readily look into my eyes," why"?
It’s all so surreal.
Shutting the drawer as promptly as I opened it, my breathing erratic " I--I need to make known to you, a--story, " weak from the effort just to articulate this.
I shift to situate on the sofa, yet some feeling of anxiety propels me up and to the chair by the fire. I sit on the edge waiting for--I don't know precisely.
But John--John was extraordinary.
His drab but economical jumpers.
Even the Montblanc pen that was still brand new.
I daren't take a peek at Sherlock. Terrified of the emotion he stirs. Come on! It's only your hand he's covering. Barely grazing. Get a grip and act natural.
Cocking my head, impressed that he would step out to pick up anything, “when did you go out?”
I fold myself into my chair, my fingers beating a rhythm on the arm.
A ladder-a fucking as hell ladder-and abruptly halt as the birth of my nightmare is presently before my eyes.
Her fingers continue to fuss with her apron, "does that answer your question?"
This cannot be a reality!
He saved my life.
She's baking ginger snaps.
He pounds me against my closet door, and his blazing blue eyes drive daggers into my soul.
His eyebrows raise, his smile condescending as if belying the truth,  "well, if what you say is true, and if I jumped off a roof, I guess he missed the ' looking after me' part."
Lunatically--the word I use to describe--my love.
"The address, immediately," holding out my hand, attempting to conceal its shaking,
Not sure about the why or the what.
All I do is turn to my desk and set the vase on the desk, "Your problem, your death," and closes the door.
“Blackmail it is, John Watson,” waving a paper in his hand, the tone of his voice menacing.
His hands steeple with his fingers touching his chin.
As if we had never been apart for these years--as if I hadn’t been adrift these last years, he--.
John gave out a small sigh while he and Sherlock stood outside the 221b door leading to their former flat.
Gingerly, I uncross my legs and set my arms on the wings of my seat, presenting myself to his full investigation.
Pulling my hand up, he leans over to whisper, "What the fuck?"
Sherlock is sitting in a leather armchair, a silk dressing gown over his trousers and shirt. He uncrosses his long legs," I estimated you'd arrive here tomorrow," he sighs, “always something. But here you are.”
Deflated, sighing, "I was not trying to pick him up." Or was I? "Let's get out of here," creating a space between Mike and myself.
This permits me an opportunity to conceive of a solution.
I can't move beyond the threshold, and my shoes seemed glued.
A floppy curl strays onto his forehead, emphasizing his sharp cheekbones. Shoulder-length curls tumble haphazardly. His shirt sleeves rolled to his elbows, with a white undershirt that peeks out from an unbuttoned black shirt. Around his waist, a thick belt and at least three silver wallet chains dangle to his knees. One could imagine him using them as restraints. His jeans hugged his body, and the bottoms tucked into black sequined cowboy boots.
Sherlock looked down on John's face and there it lay. An open book. His love shining from those beautiful blue eyes to his wide smile.
"You're so quick to offer me challenges; now I have one for you. If you let me dress you in a way that suits your looks, I would offer a reward,"
I close a large number of unsolved cases that sit on my table, which is at least an ointment that soothes my mind.
Remaining in the middle of the sidewalk, I whirl around and around, bewildering a significant number of people.
I'm frozen, staring into his eyes. Lost. You're fucking lost, John.
"I wish you'd stop making derogatory remarks about him! I don't like him either, but I respect that he does his best to look after you," so disgusted with their bickering, "the tea was brewed the way I like it, and the toast was perfect. To answer your question."
Moving the onlookers aside, "I'm a doctor. Let me examine her," bending down.
Shaking my head, now even more fierce in my belief that perhaps there is something wrong--no!
Not even the scent of John Watson.
"It was one of his lackeys that apparently executed it," Sherlock smiled ever so confident that his brother would not, could not, lower himself to do such a thing.
Entering the warmth of the store, I bellow to the reddish-haired fleshy woman who stands behind the counter," where is the ladder that stood outside?"
He focuses, staring, "and what about you? Let me guess. It involves that youngster, Sherlock, right?"
Surprise, denial, doubt, panic.
“You’re--you--you’re--here?” squeaking like a mouse caught in a trap.
Rolling up my left sleeve, I expose two frayed once caramel-colored patches.
Did you even realize how upset I was when I asked you how it happened, and you ignored me?
It's now or never for me--for us.
"Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Hudson," shrieking to my landlady who lives downstairs.
As your life is.
And  I couldn't if I needed to because two lips are in my way.
I uncap the whiskey decanter and hastily pour a glassful.
She thumbs through the numerous business cards that lay atop.
A posture I'm so accustomed to and that never fades from my mind.
Each day is a burden; every night is an awful dream as I strive to keep the tug of any narcotic, any stimulant at bay.
"Fuck you, mister! Why should I bother! Get the hell out of here," he reaches over, and the flat of his hand connects with my chest, which pushes me off balance.
His eyes, those bottomless sky-blue eyes, stare intensely at me.
My stripped body is sprawled wide open for his probing. He sits astride, a hand on each side of my face, bending close, “ The medication will hold you in its grip while I hold you in mine. "
“But it's okay for you! You’ve engaged in sex with strangers, lots of times, I imagine. No virgin you," bristling, digging. Tightening my hold on the drapes I whisper just under my breath, "careful John."
He giggles.
“I--well,--it has been a fantasy of mine,” my head tucked as far down into my chest as possible.
Such a tiring and aggravating day! I'm already out of sorts as I stomp up the stairs, and open the door.
“You and your education,” clearing my throat, his reflection in the window glass, and his strokes, distracting me.
It was disagreeable enough to have to attend the service. Tolerably acceptable to have composed the first tune the couple danced to. Scarcely capable of observing John rapturously joyful. Intoxicated with another other than him.
"You are a fountain of wonder! I would welcome any other chronicles you can produce as we proceed further into the museum," standing, his hand never lets go of mine.
"All of a sudden, I comprehended! It was the ladder! The ladder was the source of this--this hallucination."
The noises of traffic outside, and the hum of a vacuum from downstairs, held my attention for a few minutes.
I growl.
"While on the way home, I tried calling and texting you, but you didn't pick up. How unusual, I thought, " staring across at said mobile on the desk.
"Doctor John Watson. Mrs. Hudson. You know--the man, the doctor, who--who at present lives with me upstairs," jabbing my finger towards the ceiling.
I hail a taxi, stop at the clinic, unlock the door, and straight to the bathroom. I need a hot shower.
Her attitude, one of defiance, "I don't know what this is about, but if you don't stop behaving like an ass, I'll call the police. Do you understand?"
“Whatever you wish it to be. That’s your determination,” smirking, he rises and rounds the desk.
In the dim light two couples, men, are swaying to the soft music.
Stopped at the morgue and swiped a jar of human fingers.
"Where to boys?" says the driver
She retreats towards the steps, and again I prod, "and no singular person has moved in even for a day?"
But you jumped me last night when I entered.
The following morning the smell of eggs and sausage is a warm awakening.
Sweeping the magazine and the remote for the television off onto the floor, he again reiterates,” leave, Mycroft.”
Shifting to stare at the statue-like figure," yes, that's it. Your damn little robot. John do this, John take this, John, John. John. And all the time I'll jump on the box, panting for more. Give--me a crumb, and--and-- I'll be satisfied," so out of breath, I can hardly speak.
He stands upright, adjusts his jumper, his breath flushing in and out, "why are you helping with the wedding? What's wrong with you--you--."
It's as if the kid had his ear pasted to the front door listening for my footfall. The door swings wide before I get the chance to raise my fist to knock.
"I'll kill you, you mother fucker!!! I'll shot you--" one hand disappears into his jacket pocket, producing the SIG-Sauer P226R gun that he points in my direction.
I shrug and wonder at his question.
John Watson was without a doubt a real living individual!
Did I not see it coming? Why did I not understand that those unkind words he uttered meant to throw me off? To distract me from the actual happenings of that moment!
"By all means, John Watson, feel yourself rising. Let yourself go. Feel free," his voice a melodic timbre.
I had to dominate this conversation--to preserve my self-control.
Without turning to see who it is, my partner sets his teacup on the table hard enough to make the liquid slosh out.
I have a distinct feeling that I must be the one to make a move. Must say something to quell the unease that has grown since our last conversation. Pulling at Sherlock's sleeve to deter him from walking away, I face him, "Yes, let's have dinner--together. Down the street, I know of a small Thai restaurant that I've yet to visit. Are you up for it?"
All I hear is a semi-quiet harumph.
“Give me a chance, will ya! I need some time to lead up to the fucking--, oh, for Christs' sake!” spitting the words
The air is so unLondon like. Balmy with a breeze that just brushes your body.
"Promise me I will not wear any shirts with Flamingoes on them."
And there is the man! In the exact shop, I visit! No coincidence! Never know when or where this angular, curly-headed man will show up. Always a surprise.
"John. You're upset," reluctant to converse more for fear of solidifying his distress further.
He snorts, his back curved, his lips tightly drawn, "what--you can't read my mind? You--the mind palace genius?"
Where the hell did I leave my keys?
Sherlock dumps all the material onto the table and stares at it, hands steepled beneath his chin.
" Come. Meet the Holmes brothers. They could be a huge factor in subsidizing your clinic," Bill says, and we follow him. Mycroft acknowledges us with an indifferent nod. Sherlock encases my outstretched hand in both of his, holding it longer than is needed. I can't surrender it without making a scene.
"The night is fairly damp, so I lit a fire in the parlor and some tea and scones ready," he says, offering a bemused smile.
“Your present condition is not of importance to me. Remember John--I'm a transient you picked up in a dingy pub. I've tranquilized you and have you held in an unknown environment. I am the master. I have paid to have my desires met." Stepping off the bed, he undoes both leg chains.
Home? What is the flat without John, devoid of his blogger? Denied of the man who confounded him by associating with him, by fighting the temptation to strike him for his improprieties.
I bet if I sat on the sofa, not only would dust take off, but the spring on the right would sound out its boing as it's always done.
And there we were, and here we are--back to what passes for normal in the Holmes-Watson flat.
John looks down at the dark orange jumper, and shrugs.
He took the man down.
I drop into my seat as though he had physically pushed me.
It's three in the morning.
I was not anticipating him to offer--or was I? Did I want--? I'm conflicted and can barely choke out words, “ offering a beer and some talk, that's all,” my elbows on the wood counter, staring up at hazel-green eyes.
My mouth hangs open, and Sherlock looks up, smiling, "What? Did you envision me a cold-hearted bastard? Onwards then. Continue the tour."
If it can be conceived of as normal!
My head shaking up and down swiftly while my imbecilic heart crashes out of my chest, "yes, I love you. You, Sherlock Holmes, you."
Yes, the dumb bastard that you are!
In the following weeks, I spend the vast majority of my days at the NSY.
He but waves one hand, placing it back, his eyes cast down.
We're the only ones within two rows of the screen, so it affords us some privacy. The previews are beginning. John is giggling as he throws some icky popcorn at me. Growling, "John, grow up," I clean the popcorn off me with a napkin.
"Sherlock. What boggles my mind is how you managed to go out of sight so quickly," taking my handkerchief out of my pocket, while I try to be discreet--not working--at clearing away a tear.
John has picked an alternate life, and his happiness is most dominant. If the doctor professes to need Mary for his significant other and if it means a wedding, then Sherlock resolves to create a perfect soiree.
It transmits a shiver through parts of my body I never suspected would respond to any emotion.
"I thought of calling Lestrade. If anything was the matter, I know Greg would have called. Even picked up my phone and almost hit your brother's number but stopped. If you were--."
" She backed away just enough to reach her hand up and place it on my forehead as if checking my temperature. Whispered that I had best get upstairs, that I was delirious, and she'd be up shortly with tea and something to calm my nerves. She awkwardly half-closed the door and left me standing, wondering what the hell she was going on about.”
A simple breakfast and time to leave.
" I attempted to locate you by accessing any shops within strolling distance."
There was a ladder rising at the same location where I presently stand!
Not going to work.
The white-haired lady grins, her hand pats his arm, “why that's the Holmes brothers. The older one with the cane is Mycroft, and Sherlock is his younger. A wild one, I’ve heard. Mycroft is a high-level government, something or other. That's all I know.”
Disapproval, I understand.
her voice quivering,
A firm hand on my shoulder turns me towards the center of this unimposing establishment.
For if I do, if I move one foot, for all I know, the scene may return to- - a period with no John.
"Seems we both have information. You first," easing my body into my armchair.
How hard is it to leave a note?
It just was.
Sherlock bends, his locks drooping over his forehead while gazing at my rigid body.
John had ventured out from the ladder, noticed a taxi at the wait, and hopped in.
"Would you please do the honors and tell the driver where?"
Upright once more, I pull a police badge out of my coat pocket and flash it.
I am mindful of the blood dashing through my veins, the sound echoing in my ears.
“A fantasy?” an octave higher than before, “and this, and this, ad infinitum?”
Fluttering one hand toward me, he lays both on the arms of the chair and says, “continue then.”
I remain standing in the doorway, startled while examing the parlor.
His closet--hangers bleak with no garments to embellish them.
"Is it the one from the clinic?"
And there is his crocheted throw and union jack pillow lying on the chair he calls his own!
"That's not how I--you are critical--an integral part--of my life. You're- - surely, you're the- -, " where is the brilliant rhetoric that I'm known for?
Sherlock sat in his usual chair and contemplated the evening. It wasn't as horrid as he thought it would be. Having their so-called friends for refreshments. At least John called them friends, he thought to himself. Yes, he admitted, they were friends of his also.
I'm not quite sure what to do. Do I shake his hand and leave? Suggest a drink?
Preventing her from doing any more harm.
I arise from a near-sleep to find myself collapsed in my seat, or lying on the floor, or hanging over the kitchen table. Wherever my body collapses, turns into my bed.
I pop two Xanax into my mouth, open the cabinet, and remove a long-sleeved top, and a scrub bottom. Exhausted both physically and mentally, I plop onto the sofa in my office. I pick at the tattered seams on the couch as I attempt to fix the remaining parts of my confidence. It could have been worse. Much worse. I shudder at what that could have been, and fall asleep.
"You're just going to hurt yourself," muted as if from the end of a long hallway.
Another breath, another adjustment of my body, shifting ever closer.
Confounded at all that happened, I endeavored to comprehend how it is that John is now sitting before me.
I throw open the door to his bedroom.
" I'll address it for you. The usual response to molestation is a terror of the assaulter. Instead, you faced and challenged him. I was astounded. No one confronts my sibling. Nevertheless, you did."
Everyone had begged to see what small token they had gotten for each other. But they had agreed beforehand to wait until they were alone, and now was the perfect time.
“I fucking hate you,” shouting, shaking, my teeth bared.
“You're assuming lots. But, to be honest--you do look like you're asking for action. A proposition maybe. I would seriously consider--,” my insides bubbling.
I finish off the bracing liquor in three gulps and splash in another round to return to my seat.
Acting like kids we bought a large popcorn with tons of butter and salt. Lots of napkins to go with it. John's holding the bag. John takes one white napkin, opens it and places it like a bib on his shirt.
" I sort of heard in my head-- us arguing about my going to Tescos for groceries," pausing and trying to figure out this mess.
He catches me and twists me close against his chest. I try to resist, my hands shoving, but he holds onto me, my head bending away, "no, No. Don't want this."
The mattress sinks, and I determine he's sat on the bed. His hand smoothes a cooling gel on my wounds. So opposite from the unforgiving pounding just received.
His mouth begins opening, but my arm shoots out, finger pointing at him, wagging at him," No, don't you say anything. Don't you speak a word, you hear me? Keep your trap shut."
Waiting for anything is not an easy task for Sherlock, so he paces.
"What is it this time? Heroin or cocaine and why?"
His fingers cautiously pry the gun out of my hand to lay it on the table, the clunk sound unnerving, but I keep staring at it, hoping it would--what?
"You ascertained that I would need to conclude the day with a sexual confrontation, didn't you? And if so, what might your reaction have been?" losing his hand.
"Where is this going?" I shift in the seat, “I couldn't let the kid, your brother, get away with it. I required an explanation. That's all it was.”
“Stop it now, Sherlock. You’re only trying to pick a fight when none is needed.”
"Doctor John Watson, who is Sherlock Holmes? Am I a sadist? Do I have no regard for human kindness? Would you be able to stop me if I kept you captive for days? Using you in every way, I would want?"
The bearded man guides me to the office.
Sherlock and John exited 221b Baker Street and raising his right arm in the air Sherlock cried, "Cab"
My determination hardens.
The lanky stranger sits, his feet dangling over the bed, stringing his fingers through his hair, and cocks his head, " for what reason would you request me another time?" A deep breath follows, "ah, it was spectacular, wasn't it! You reached your peak so soon you crave another go," chuckling.
He bellows into the void; he whimpers, he screams, he moans, he cries.
My jaw clenches, bottom teeth against the top.
It cannot occur in the conventional realm of the universe. One doesn't merely eliminate oneself from- -.
Baffled by my wide-eyed gawping at--a ladder.
"You shit, you piece of dirt," moving my head closer and closer, I touch his lips. A light glance, and I spring instantly up and away.
Mycroft cautioned him, in his stolid way, regarding his belief.
All I did was stare at the screen, but my mind short-circuited.
If only Sherlock knew. If only I could be honest right now and utter the words needed to open up to him.
His lips twist in disgust as the tip of his umbrella pushes the rubbish off a chair.
His mouth snaps together sharply enough to hear his teeth clatter.
Whirling to face the madman, his body inches away, “No, damn it, no!” pushing him away. “You toy with people. With their emotions. Taking what you need and leaving when bored,” waffling between remaining or finishing this worthless discussion. “God damn you!" and I rush out before he has another opportunity to twist me about.
“Because,” the towel draped over my chair, making sure the wet is not against my back, I sit,” because, you idiot, you never show gratitude unless you are looking for something. So,” the tea is poured, and raising the cup to signal he’s talking to him, “what do you want this time?”
"Hey you," jumping at the sound of Mikes's voice, " I've got a check in my pocket, and a woman offered to run a bake sale. How about you? Get anywhere?”
I’m afraid to look up, but our closeness is disarming in the context of what he’s learned about me.
He comes downstairs, hair tousled, eyes adjusting to the dim light.
Opening it he saw before him a gold ring with the initials 'J' lay on a velvet bed. He chuckled.
“Sherlock Holmes, I worship you.”
"I don't want you out of my life ever again, do you hear me, Sherlock?"
The bill has been paid, our stomachs are satisfied, and we're outside the restaurant. The awkwardness reappears.
What faces his keen eyes is the soiled platters and cups, the countless file documents, all strewn throughout the room.
“Skepticism. Always that, isn’t it? You had a good night’s sleep. What is so unusual about my showing my appreciation to my flatmate.”
I've finished trying. Let someone else be buddy-buddy with him. He's the most exasperating, preposterous, pompous--fantasmagorical man I've ever known! Well, ever knew.
Mycrofts invitation is sitting on the kitchen counter when Mike enters. He picks up the teapot and pours one for himself. He spies the grey paper with black ink and cocks an eyebrow.
"I'm--your best friend--" one hand holding my stomach, pausing to rest after absorbing the brunt of his dissatisfaction," and I regarded aiding you in--."
"You John?"
“No, that okay. But wait, on second thought, how will I reach you if I care for another session.” How peculiar to think that! I've never used any male whore more than once.
“Okay, let's call it even. Let's be friends and forget that night.”
I clear my throat, agitated to be the sole partaker of his hazel-green eyes.
His tongue, his bites, his voice, and his demands arouse every sexual atom that is running through my body. My breath quickens, my head dips to his shoulder, my left-hand reaches down and awkwardly unzips, keeping the button on my jeans intact.
I hear a thump of suitcases rolling down the hall and a door slamming.
The cool spring climate turns hot, and I've not heard from the Holmes siblings. I go back and forth, in and out and nothing is resolved in my head. I would like to pursue something with Sherlock. But at what cost to my psychological wellness? You're such a joke! How frequently have you ended up gazing vacantly at nothing in particular? Thinking about what he's doing at a specific time of day. Questioning how it would be to again have his body underneath you--or even on top. Thinking obsessively about him and losing the drift of conversations, to have to internally shake myself to come down to earth.
Holy crap! The next morning I wake to the pounding of rain. It's a deluge!. By the time I arrive at the clinic, I'm drenched. I've changed and walked to the reception desk when a man steps through the door, dripping wet, holding a huge bouquet of roses.
Hands in pockets, coat collar, turned up as he would have done, I walk. I tread the streets of the city from early morning until the first dimming of the light.
She lowers the food onto the table, curls her fingers together, her features wrinkled with concern.
He's puffing heavily, albeit not from ascending the stairs, but from some situation that has taken place only an hour, no forty-five minutes exactly.
"If I didn't know you were here, then how did I--for what reason did I--?"
"You--mean--love?" he croaks.
His other arm encircles my shoulder and grips the back of my neck. Not even a piece of paper could wedge between us.
"Goodness, yes," breathless. I rise, very reluctantly, smooth my pants do my best to conceal my erection, and, "I'd prefer to return home. I need time to process this. Also, to discuss this new situation with Mike."
His face registers, not with shock at my outburst, but a knowing.
After opening the door, I switch on a reading lamp over the king-sized bed and throw the keys on the nightstand. Stretching, humming, I precede to the bathroom and, with sweaty hands, remove my clothing. Stepping into the bedroom I stop mid-stride, my cheeks flushing.
No, that's not it.
"Getting you new clothes."
Mike's over-concern is visible, palpable; however, he never expresses a word.
Never before had I put anyone else's desires before mine.
Instead, there's quiet. No, it's not silent--my whimpering and--his breath--shallow
“Bellow as hard as you want. Fear will be your tutor," toneless.
Wrenching open the door, I stare at the patrons but see no John.
Those nightmare days and nights, when all I could do was sit in my chair thinking.
I wake this morning, a snuggly body adjacent to mine.
I leap out of the cab, toss a bundle of cash on the front seat.
"If you want to use my laptop, this is the way. You can do it. You're not a child."
And doesn't emerge on the other side!
Picking up and dropping more photos on the floor.
There could be only one other interpretation.
I was missing the closeness, the overpowering total, and substance of the detective.
Sherlock bends his head off to the side, runs his hand through his mass of curls to show his amazement and confusion.
Yes, it's you, you--sitting in your seat, with my laptop open on your lap and your head bobbing away as you type.
Off Sherlock and John go to their destination in total silence.
John was the reason he had to embark on the crucial mission to foreign countries. The reason he slept in tents, on the hard, wet ground, didn't eat for days, ran through jungles barefoot, chased by howling dogs and men with rifles. Persevered through all varieties of privation.
Fact--He would be waiting at the flat. He is sitting in his typical seat, drafting our latest successful crime scene and its end on his laptop.
Of that, I am sure!
"Meet me in the lobby tomorrow at one," having nothing else to say I hang up.
Throwing my coat on the floor, I advance on him. "you stupid, fucker. You absolute idiot! Where have you been? No, never mind that, why haven't you gotten in touch with me? Or--," stepping close, my knees contacting his, "why couldn't you have waited and taken me with you?"
Staring at the whip that was as of late an object of torture, I try my best to conceal my mortification. I intentionally hurt another human. What made me think it was a correct thing? The whip drops from my hand as though in contact with a scalding pot handle. I gaze with revulsion at my palm, fingers curled, and splayed out. Agitated, I twitch it. What have I done?
His pinkish, blotched skin matches the palm of my hand. I stare at it, uncertain of the bizarre rationale that is taking place in my mind. I've enacted this scenario many a time and know the outcome unequivocally.
Possibly I can leave, quit talking, and seal it away now, and he will not ever inquire any further.
Trying to control my temper, I ask,” would you like a cup of tea? It’s still warm.”
The head moves to reveal its face and a broad smile, "good, and you did remember to get Chinese as I asked. Oh yea, and a hi to you, " his teasing doesn't bear weight with me at the moment.
“I had to drive nearby, and it simply was easier to drop this off,” holding out a yellow manila bag in two fingers as if it is contaminated.
Shaking my head, I succeed only in a squeak, "dropped the--."
He's unnerving, this doctor. He unconsciously changes my viewpoint each time we meet. I have no clue how to keep my barriers up. In this case, he makes it easier to discuss the situation by showing me his back.
“I took to walking the streets, day and night, rain or sunshine. One day, at last, I got over my hang-up enough to lead my feet down that same street. And--there it was! The ladder! Perched up against the same building!”
" Don't attempt to argue. Do it and now," the sound of his voice, low but penetrating.
I wave off his impishness, even though it sends a glow all through>
The jingle of--keys. My keys.
Through gritted teeth, I babble," let me go, let me-- I’ll kill you."
"Excuse me, can you push three for me?" a woman says taking a step in.
I run my fingers through my hair and about-face to the other side of the flat.
I note that my pulse is accelerating off the charts, yet I know I can’t defer this much longer.
John sat in his cozy armchair, watching the flames flicker. He was content. Sherlock had behaved himself very well. No derogatory remarks, no snarky smiles. He lifted the cup of tea and sighed. Well, he thought to himself, time to give Sherlock his present.
I wonder what he means by that last 'you'll need it.' One tiny glass won't inebriate me and I down it in one gulp.
Sherlock Holmes pauses outside of police headquarters.
Walking to a nowhere destination, I abruptly turn on my heels, chuckling and walk quickly to my favorite bakeshop.
I can only bend my head as a new concept emerges.
His point of view is that if it's not spoken, it can't have occurred or can't exist
Recognizing I am behaving wildly, I sprint up the stairs, all the while hearing the doctor bark remarks that are indistinguishable.
“I’m home. We’re home. And--will you--?”
"Can I buy a small frig to use?"
Snatching it from her hand as she huffs, I race out, my eyes scanning the blue business card.
"At the specified period I'm alluding to, we strode out of the police headquarters and commenced to walk. Precisely identical to today.”
I squish out a laugh. So obvious, but in my condition, I haven’t noticed anything but the man sitting too close.
He mutters.
He grins at me.
London in the fog. London in the drizzle of an evening.
Your laptop needed an update, and I took care of that.
To give your flatmate, your only flatmate a reason to breathe. To feel relieved that he knows where you are and/or when your approximate time home will be.
With all the sane presence of mind quitting, I rise and walk steadily but gradually towards him.
I climb no higher than the seventh step and stop.
Unconscious of the chilliness of the downpour, I run, skidding to a standstill at the very structure where the ladder had previously laid.
A slight bow to her, “thank you, ma'am. That was most helpful.”
"Don't. I've not finished. Not a sound out of you. Let me go on,"  insisting.
“Then, John Watson, I suggest you do not judge until it is all delivered."
"Do we need a chaperone, John?" his taunting tone now so familiar.
"She swore that I lived alone. Always had. And dismissed me by declaring she would make tea."
“I'll give it some thought. Thank you either way.”
Sweat beads on my forehead, under my arms.
“Yes.”
He rises, reaches out his hand, "let me help you with--oh hell," looking around me to observe the mess all down the stairway.
I open my mouth, shut it, try to initiate once more, shocked at my inability to convey--to deliver this as a normal--.
It was noteworthy that I could not understand the mystery of why I've lately focused on Johns' needs.
"Do I say congratulations? Are you going to be happy?" a frown creasing my mouth.
I rented a small van, drove it to a refurnishing shop and they did a wonderful job of restoring it to its original state.
"You are hesitant to admit to reality. There was no motivation to visit today. But you had to see--perceive what and who Sherlock is about. He's everything you envision and more. I can be--," he steps slightly away, turns to touch my hair, his voice husky. "Domination can be enjoyable--.”
"Who am I? Have--," he strikes my ass with his open palm," you--," heaving my hips up," ever-- "jerking on the mattress, "given any thought to your safety? To this game, you presume --to-- have-- control --over?"
“I--well--I did it?”
I watch the responses cross his face.
Although, maybe, with your sharp eyes, with your skill at noticing even the minutest change, you might.
I can't understand the dualism. The man in the custom-made suit versus the man in the punk outfit. Why isn't he content with his good life? What's driving him?
"For god's sake, my boy, calm down," inclining her head to a side as her eyes analyze my face, "John? John who? What are you raving about now, dear?"
He could not err in Doctor John Watsons' perception. If he did, John was, as always, prepared to rage at him, to uncover his deficiencies. And attempt to rectify them.
Nothing has occurred.
He tore open the paper on his box letting the wrap also fall to the floor, and in his left hand, he held a ring box. Slowly opening it, enveloped in velvet lay a ring with the initials 'S' engraved.
He notices and grunts.
He smiles. No, he leers." And the guy he's with. Well off, by his look. Hmm, do you believe he's being kept ?"
Without my viewing him directly I know, he's analyzing every measure of the room and myself.
A pleasant aroma envelops the building’s ground floor.
Mike's opening the door to my office jolts me awake. Getting to my feet I lose my balance, drop back down, wincing.
There are fewer people in the pub putting me more at ease. I stroll to the bar, order a lager, watching the people on the dance floor, searching for that one particular individual. My glass is not in my hand, because if it were, it would be sloshing over. I shiver as I catch him walking in my direction, his gaze intent, focused on me.
My heart starts to pound its rat-tat tune-it's John!!
The loss of his friendship, the loss of being close to him would be devastating, and that's why my silence.
A corner of Sherlock's mouth tilts up, watching my expression as Bill explains the nature of our clinic. Sherlock's studies me, releasing my hand.
I drag myself to Scotland Yard and pull out unsolved files from the archives.
Very slowly, she slips back towards her door, "I'll bring you some tea and something to eat. Go back upstairs. I'll be just a minute," and with deliberation, she closes her door.
And that scratch on the desk?
My coat slides off one shoulder and as I whirl about-- I see--the damn fuck sitting in his chair, legs crossed, holding a book.
My feet carry me from my seat to the kitchen, into the parlor, and over to the window to stare at nothing in specific.
“ Mister Holmes,” the butterflies fluttering, “ I didn't come here to waste your time. I do thank you for your contributions--however--there is a hidden motive. I'd like to know what it is."
He squints, blinks, he shuts his mouth.
He's laid there so quiet.
"John it's time you started dressing like a gentleman of class like me, accept my offer and we'll have dinner at an Italian restaurant called Angelo's"
Investigating and reaching resolutions that will affect me but not in a good way for myself.
He goes limp, imposing his palm on my chest, his breath ghosting on my shirt, his forehead leaning in.
"Ah, yes. Nothing echoes so soundly at this instant," tucking his arm in mine he pulls me along.
"How does the shark rest? Mommy says everyone needs their rest," she inquires.
Mike chooses that moment to come down the hall. "Wow! Who the heck sent those? Who? Who?" He's gazing at the roses in a ceramic blue and white vase.
"You do need to calm down, Sherlock. I'm not going to bite you." how about this," lifting himself up, interrupting my movement around the room, "I'll make tea and then--."
Sliding a finger towards the trigger while I mentally say my goodbye.
How this could open a can--no--a vat of issues! But it’s something that's time has--and not I must be willing to meet head-on.
(See the end of the chapter for
A joke! He’s trying to lighten the air surrounding us.
John eagerly slashed at the wrapping, throwing the paper on the floor.
I know, beyond all doubt, that at two or three in the a.m., he'd bounce into my bedroom, waking me and coming up with all sorts of viewpoints--of course, which would be wrong.
"You wouldn't dare," knowing full well that my older sibling would delight in this venture.
" I scurried down to Mrs. Hudson, raucous enough in my shouting that she was obviously upset when I saw her."
My lips curl, and I grit my teeth. I was excessively cruel. Could have been more cordial. Did not have to confront him. Clearly, he's had close encounters. His tell-tale flinch was my clue.
“I will keep my thoughts private, John. But so far, you're boring me. Continue,” those penetrating eyes now at a level with mine.
“Fuuccck,” the knotted lashes hit my ass, the sting of the metal tips tearing at my skin.
Sitting back, I wave my hand, dismissing my sibling and his effort at bringing me to my senses.
Like nothing has happened! Like he hasn't thrown my stomach into a swirling mess.
I splay my palms on my trousers and stare at each finger as if to will them to stop me from speaking the unspoken.
"Sherlock, I--well--you see-- during that time I--it was hard--, "bumbling my way through.
"You contemptuous, egotistical, high-and-mighty bastard! You planned this, didn't you?" Get out of my sight, you--foul--mother--," words stalling in my throat.
Blowing out a breath, I launch into the most peculiar narrative I have ever spoken.
"Great Job Sherlock! Now you can use my laptop!"
"It's you--your damn mind. You're using your superior mental mind to bend me to your will. Some sort of brain wave," squeezing my head between my hands." Some intellectual 'ET' thing. To bring me to heel. A magnetic field, or such. I don't know. You're confusing me. Go away," my arm shooing the invisible something away.
I stop in front of his chair, knowing I could have--but then--I don't.
He squints, blinks, and nibbles his lower lip, suppressing--holding back.
"Yes. Not sure whether he'll hurt my heart or not. But that's the gamble in any of this, right? I need to take the risk, as do you. All we can do in life is try, Mike."
Tomato sauce for the pasta I purchased.
It's too peaceful in this flat!
Something popped up in my head.
My legs are rubbery, and his arms hold me upright while I close my soaked jeans.
Our landlady is bustling about the kitchen.
I take two strides to exit but turn, "Wait. Perhaps you can. Do you recall a John Watson, a doctor? Fair-haired, more diminutive than I, could be very short-tempered?"
They are very conspicuous in this crowd, Sherlock thinks, observing the two gentlemen that invaded this territory. In particular, it was the blonde who registers the most interest. I surmise him to be a doctor who is very confident in his abilities. His garments are not in keeping with his age. Too geriatric. Khaki trousers, truly? And his arrogance! Did he think I was readily available with a cash payment?
It was the one object that transformed and challenged the entirety of that which I knew to be valid.
I had presumed it was not loaded; however, it was no small consolation to have it out of Johns' hand.
I take a full breath, envisioning the smell of biscuits baking, the caramelization on top, and sets my tongue sweeping across my lips.
My legs teeter, powerless to advance, while my heart races at a pace that threatens to rip it out of my body.
What's more, if he- -?
He smirks, "You're repeating yourself."
The cab stops at Spencer Hart's. Sherlock pays the taxi fare.
It's late afternoon, and my stomach turns somersaults in its emptiness, and the scent from the restaurant drives me inside.
" Was that where I was this time you and your brilliant," sneering, "older brother were devising this plan?”
However, it's not a resolution in what occurred under the ladder that should be looking for.
"That's much better. Don't have to have that kind of ruckus, you know," her steps taking her to the transparent display case.
" By this time, I didn't know what to think, Sherlock. Understand, I was frantic. I decided to pay a visit to Mrs. Hudson to see if she knew your whereabouts."
He slides his eyes down to my obvious bulge, clears his throat and speaks, his voice a rumble through my body.
"Must have gotten her real annoyed, I imagine. You weren't at your nicest, were you?"
It was a reminder of another gold item that had led him and Sherlock to this moment.
The poor woman!
We request two beers from the t-shirted, pot-bellied, bartender. He has a braided beard that is a mix of brownish-grey and hangs to his waist.
John moans and, in his frustration, slaps the arm of the chair, "Come on, Sherlock. You may be a mastermind at solving crimes, but you're a clod at describing a story."
Drawing nearer, he reaches out to touch me, then withdraws his hand," go home. I can handle it here."
Well, get out of my sentiment and my area, "venturing towards the steps leading to his room.
" I don't know how I got out of the police station and into Gregs' car, but I do remember--I remember-- bawling."
No other choice remains but to wait for him to announce why I am at the barrel end of a gun.
Kept as a show-offy stratagem.
Too close.
"Envision my uneasiness when the entirety of your possessions was absent from our flat. You had left your teacup unwashed in the sink that morning, but it was not there. I raced up the steps to your bedroom and-- no pistol."
“Nothing shocks me coming from your mouth,” John snickers, his fingers dance a tune on the arm of his chair.
“Ah, that being the case, I question whether your boyfriend, excuse me, ex-boyfriend would appreciate finding out about your experience. Yet you do bed strangers, and, are you so remarkably sure you have control in every circumstance? Ever been misused?" sneering.
I stumble over the stairs to his room, pull open the nightstand drawer--and it's not there!
So damn it, come back!!!
Crawled onto my body.
I'm mindful that John Watson never releases that trigger unless provoked.
His tongue swipes at his lower lip as he attempts to grapple with the enormity of what I expressed.
" I walked about the flat looking for something. A note. A telltale sign, maybe your teacup left on the table. But no information and let me tell you, I was pissy," heaving a sigh.
I don't want to walk.
Look at what you've wrought? I walk quickly to the sideboard and pour a beverage, watching my hands shake. This doctor! This noteworthy, unfathomable man! For what reason does he unnerve me. Leave me with no thought of how to communicate with him. I must change my perspective. Plan a strategy.
What if I had, back at the beginning of our mutual friend’s introduction, not thrown caution out the window?
Two days! A flipping two days and no word from him! Not a scribble on a piece of paper, a text to deliver a message that you're here or there, a call announcing a quick 'I'm okay.'
"Let me guess. He thought you had gone back on cocaine, called Mycroft, who came rushing over. And what did your brother do?"
They are of no worth--not in the present circumstances.
The wrinkle lines around his eyes when he laughs.
No, it isn’t working at all. And it’s been two years. Two long, self-hating years. Punishing years.
The man who looks up to see me is wearing a plaid shirt whose sleeves are rolled up his elbows and reveals tattooed arms and fingers.
"I will try. Heaven knows I'll try," pouring himself a cup I sense more.
"Of course, I tried to locate you. Beginning with entering any shops inside strolling distance. I was so confused and disturbed at the prospect that you took off without me- - once more."
“You? Telling a story?" he chuckles while I push past and stagger down the steps to collapse into my chair.
My violin's song is as soft as the snowflakes.
The memory of it choked, and I covered my face. Beyond being careful of what Sherlock thought of my behavior. Beyond worrying what he would read into this.
His bed--a mattress--no sheets, pillow, or duvet.
" I challenged Lestrade on the matter of one John Watson, and he guaranteed me no such individual existed."
If I had not let the one emotion take over and played the game his way, what would have been?
In 221B Baker Street!!
My head reclines, gazing into emptiness at first, and next, the doctor appears in my field of vision--.
There could be no other answer for the knowledge I possess of his characteristics, his habits, his sound.
Comprehension sheds light in his eyes, his cheeks, which turn pink, his mouth, and his body.
Trapped in a nightmare!
"I recognize you will be uncomfortable and incredulous as I relate this to you.”
That day that I found him gone.
He snickers, "I've abused you. I've seen you naked. And you state you presently require my only a friendship? Can't accept that!"
"Certainly, driver, please take us to Angelo's Italian Restaurant?"
So, there's this cute woman Rachel--."
Reaching up with my left hand to set the pistol against my forehead, I believe I can hear his voice, deep and uneasy, saying"No, no," while my finger tightens, ready to discharge its lethal shot.
I'm snapped back to the physical world by the fragrance of sweet-smelling baked goods.
"Okay, genius detective. Why? Why have I left?" he swiftly closes the span between us, his blue eyes storming mine.
I assume control over a spare desk and work on rummaging through the archived records for cases to solve.
"Over to the right where the fitting rooms are."
Tentatively reaching out for the black leather bag, something has altered deep in my innermost self. Gathering up the cat-o-nine tails that curls like a snake waiting to be uncoiled, I whip it out, lashing at the air.
It's all gone to dust anyway!
It's become a futile attempt to locate an unoccupied cab.
"Daniel where can I sit?" asked Sherlock
My mind, which unhinges whenever the notion of a John Watson beats its way into my thoughts.
His hands unfold, he looks up, still ready with the quick rebuttal.
“Those pictures,-- my fantasy. How I wished it would be if we were more than flatmates. I, no, don’t interrupt -- fancied you years ago but scared shitless to admit it. You can toss me out right now,” giving it my all.
It's past the point of no return.
Realizing it will be inescapable, this narrating of a tale, I move to sit in the black armchair.
Weary, dreary as the evening is turning out to be, I'm about to hang my coat up but leap almost to the ceiling, startled, no thunderstruck by a voice--your voice-- “John. Tea would be pleasant.”
“You very well know, " struggling to find my voice. "You keep that up I'll-,” all the while his thigh never ceases its motion.
"You piece of shit. You are enabling me--," and reduces the gap between us.
There has to be an explanation.
The abundance of food!!
I snort, and he disregards it, to additionally irritate me by declaring," don't grunt at me. If need be, I'll have two of my--assistants--here to aide you in your washing up."
It's a museum untouched!
“I remember, but--I know you, and you're still stalling, Sherlock."
I'm happy watching the children while they call each other to come to see the fishes. Their commotion, their steady running between us, appears to be irritating Sherlock. I can hear his under breath snarls.
Holding me in his grasp, Sherlock maneuvers me through the crowd. I stumble up a set of stairs.
“Are you seriously thinking that I, "my finger pointing back at me, "that I could have any, any type of influence on that--well, leave it there," shaking my head.
It's only when I notice his eyebrows raise that I grasp he's irritated at my form of this telling.
I feel and hear the reaction: stiffness, an intake of breath. Touching the popcorn bag my hand moves ever steadily down until I'm at the crease in his trousers. A bulge is beginning.
The dust motes fly in the air as I wave my arm.
Where did it come from?
"You never said a word about any of it," my chin reaching down to my chest.
"Call out as much as you chose. The proprietor is apathetic concerning what occurs in these rooms as long as there are no dead bodies. I have engineered this for your benefit. You are naive with regards to requesting sex from strangers. You have been exceptionally fortunate in those undertakings. Up until now."
"Sher--Sher," stuttering, "let's go home. I--I need to tell you a story," my breathing so uneven, my legs so wobbly, I nearly faint with the effort of walking.
"To my utter surprise, tea and toast with butter was sitting on my table. I raised my eyes to your brother, and he tipped his head in assent."
Putting the cashmere to his nose, he takes a long, deep breath. It's the recognizable John smell. A woody aroma which produces a sigh to his lips.
“Whatever. All I knew was I had to have you back,” hesitating, seeing the unexpected sparkle light up his eyes.
Upon exiting the cab, I see we are at an expensive men's clothier.
“If you mean why am I alive?”
The hell of losing you. But that only made me madly aware of how much I need one Sherlock Holmes.
I expected the snort from John, "well, now you know how I feel. You're an idiot and do leave me alone without saying why," said with a touch of endearment.
Warmed slightly from sitting close to my body, my fingers curve around it, and I deliberately remove the object.
"Putting them in the dishwasher takes no time," John says, standing firm on his decision.
As it now is!
The room he once occupied before encountering Mary.
Somebody I was unable to consider without a touch of tenderness.
I’ve emerged from the bathroom, toweling my hair dry, my robe secured with a good knot, when I hear the familiar sound from the kitchen.
It's all futile anyway!
Discover the whereabouts of the ladder, walk under it and locate John Watson.
His fingers dig into my back; his tongue plunges into my ear.
“If so, Mike, why would he be in that pub?" I haven't the faintest idea why I'm pushing the issue. I need to know what Mike thinks. He hasn't noticed me with an eye to eye contact--yet--but, there's an invisible string tugging us together.
Come on, John. Move! Do something! Take a small step. However, I can't do it.
Only one way to acknowledge this for certain.
I follow the emotions as they flicker across his face.
No computer, slippers, science fiction books, nor his union square flag pillow commonly lie on the chair cushion.
No grumbles about waking him at this dreadful hour.
Her eyes wander over my body, scrutinizing, while she gingerly sets the palm of her hand on my temple, " have you gotten a chill? Maybe too much time spent in the rain?"
I most likely looked at him in shock while he persisted," yes, get in your bedroom, no phone, no laptop. Don't try to puzzle me out. Go to sleep or whatever it is you do. Just stay away from me."
A few nights later saw John and I sitting in a movie theater watching Dr. Strange. A Marvel action type. I'm not familiar with this type of genre, but John loves them.
"I was also astonished. Would not believe that he would demonstrate sentiment. He even told me he would not explain anything until I ate."
Exasperated, I stand up, accepting that I'm more upset about my choice not to leave this in obscurity.
I’ve never spoken to anyone, least of all you, of the nightmare that took place.
I've been extremely irritable lately.
I did not expect to see John Watson this evening. Regardless of my attempt to ignore him, I can still feel his throbbing pulse all the while holding his hand. The closeness of his person was upsetting. I knew Mycroft was silently questioning how and where had I interacted with John. That is the issue with us as siblings. We know how to read people, especially each other. This boring gathering is going to be more captivating than I first envisioned.
I bend down and step beneath and back outside to peer at my surroundings, only to backtrack again and again.
He's savage as the lash sinks onto my back, ass, and thighs. Choking on my saliva as I shriek and holler, tears and mucus from my nose soak the pillow. I hear the whip hit the floor.
So cute.
This queasiness, this desire to escape-- to anyplace-- this is --I must act and immediately before--," the nearest I have to a partner. To somebody who is with me regardless. It goes deeper--more profound than that, and,--" say it you idiot, "I love you. I--love--you."
I vault from the sofa, stepping onto the paper piled coffee table with my bare feet.
"I was supposed to meet Moriarty on the roof. He had threatened to eliminate my friends--," he sighed acidly," yes, John--friends. Molly, Greg, and Mrs. Hudson--and you. Mycroft and I calculated the odds of my compromising myself. We instituted a series of codes on my phone by which I knew the events of the moment. I ascended the steps instead of the elevator, and by the time I reached the third floor, the awaited signal came. By eliminating the assassins, I was safe to return home."
Riding home in a cab,  I question what went wrong. What did I expect? A handshake and a welcome to my house, and let's sit and have a beer and play chess?
"Yea, you do that. I wonder she doesn't go into cardiac arrest sometimes," his fingers toying with a piece of thread.
I could have--but then--I don't.
Mrs. Hudson is clearly in a good mood.
I'm still unsure whether it was a drunken illusion, maybe even something rotten that I ate, or--was it real?
He pauses at the door, moves back and with a look of amusement, pulls me off to one side.
But here, walking beside me, is the man himself. From the top of those curls to the polished hand-made shoes.
I hope you enjoy this little story. Please leave kudos and comments, good or bad.
His lips curl, a smirk,” it would be expensive to clean the carpet.”
I must retain some semblance of purpose.
Daniel tore the receipt from the register and placed into the bag with the purchases of John's new clothes.
"Mom and Dad are going to meet Rachel this weekend, and we'll have a small wedding within the month. And I want you as my best man."
“Took you long enough to arrive here! He does get to be long-winded sometimes," his eyes green, twinkling with delight.
His arm in a cast, his face a mass of bruises.
This is not conceivable.
Wringing my sweaty hands, I stutter, “it’s been like--well, I found--and then I couldn’t--.”
There it is!
"We surmised that James would trade--my death--for the lives of those mentioned."
Snow falls, heavy.
" I ran out of the house and to the NSY and discovered Greg in his office with one of the officers. Bouncing on my feet, Greg interrupted the man telling him to leave us alone. I got a furious look from the lieutenant. 'Don't ask questions,' I said to Greg,' but fill me in on what occurred on Barts's roof! Was Sherlock pushed?' He gave me a look of a shared feeling, one of sympathy, and cleared his throat more than a few times, never once looking directly into my eyes."
I have what I want. John Watson, my lover.
My assistance? With Sherlock? If I thought my heart was bouncing when I first walked in, it's now doing somersaults.
"Because you said you loved her, and I desired the best for you."
"No, no," it sounds again, with more substance, as if he was alive, standing in the kitchen doorway.
Time has a way of making things look better, they say. First of all, I don’t understand who they are. And second of all, if someone did say that, then why isn’t it working now?
Is this latest dispute between him and his fiance just cause for a bullet to my chest?
His firearm!
He leans forward, his elbows on the desk, his hands steepled, those intense eyes peering into my soul.
"Never presented itself before, so it was never a consideration. Myself, who is wholly unsuperstitious, would not give it a moment's reflection. But if you are one of those who are terrified of being garrotted or perishing, you might. You comprehend, John, that those are two of the ludicrous myths related to meandering under a ladder? You know I'm never one for moronic legends!”
I whirl to face him, "lay off it, Mycroft," my hands flapping aimlessly in the air, "I haven't indulged in anything more potent than nicotine patches.
I've got to see this through. Too much has gone into dreaming of him lying beneath me.
"Oh, sorry. I was getting out," and with a whoosh of breath, rush for the outside.
My sorrow swallowed me as deeply as a whale ingesting its dinner of krill.
“Why?”
"As a child, John, my grandmother would narrate the tales of the Brothers Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm. Those stories were first published on 20 December 1812."
His room--devoid of whatsoever of John.
Pacing across the expanse of the room, I feel the desire, the dire need to return to the scene of this foul play.
Conjured up to penetrate the silence?
"Sharks do not sleep as humans do, but instead have active and restful periods," letting her up from his lap." Stand up and take Mrs. Williamson's hand and proceed with your outing."
The movie over, we stand outside waiting for a cab. John is staring at me, wide-eyed.
I have no tolerance for niceties
"Hey man. What's the matter with you?" a person shouts from the rooftop, "s'bad luck to do that, ya know? You lookin' for trouble?"
"You know, Sherlock," turning to face him, "I don't give a crap about your ideas of pleasure," I snort, “shit never met anyone like you.”
Sherlock harrumphs, "my body isn't available to be purchased, and if it were, it would be more than you would pay, old man."
"For what reason would you make that supposition? People are reprobates. How and for what reason did you guess I'd comply with your notions of expectation? I could have stolen, ravished you, and left you there to wallow in your excrements. It could have been days before the proprietor found you. If you persevere in these ventures, your life is in question,” drumming my fingers on the arm of the seat, mindful of his displeasure and at same moment covetous of his approval.
"Thanks for shopping at Spencer Hart's. Please come back and see us again."
Straightening up, determined, I bark, “No. “This is my money, my lead."
I must join the mass of people scurrying to their various occupations.
Expected? How am I expected, and why? So odd.
Johns's mouth opens, preparing to give out a remark; however, I lift my hand, “no, don't. This isn't as simplistic as you suspect, and if you insist on cutting in with your own theory, I will stop.”
No--it has.
It's a refreshing breeze that fills my lungs as I step outside--time to clear my head, remove the whirling of opinions. Figure out what I desire to do. Do I want to, and do I require to have a relationship with the kid? And what kind? He's certainly been able to turn my world, to rock me off my perception of what is normal. I never know what is going to happen. Either when he's near or when he's only a dream.
No John anywhere!
“If you two will continue your little squabble after I leave?” older brother cuts in, his voice weary.
"You're so--" walking around him.
"Stop John. Only just now did you indicate that you had any conception of the gathering on the rooftop. I surmised that since the only two people who were aware of the situation were my brother and myself, there was no reason--."
His Beretta 92FS.
He strokes his fingers on my back and murmurs, while his curls brush my neck, "consider it a thing of the past."
Cautious how you approach this, I think, "he may have been with me on one of our cases."
He moves away, and I feel relieved--no--confused. “Be straightforward with me, Sherlock. You delighted in it--you, you fucker!" There you go! Letting your anger take over. Is it outrage-- or hurt? Both of us stand, quiet. Maybe neither of us wants to break the silence for fear of what would be said.
He has taken a shower, his blonde hair is still wet, his feet in socks.
At last, the twinkling little lights that Mrs. Hudson had so adamantly placed around the room were shut. The tree ornaments that had lit the room were turned off. The only thing lighting the room was the fire still going strong and the two lamps. Everything was quiet. Everything was in its place.
Sitting in the taxi on the way home, Mike slaps my thigh," the only thing interesting, the main event in that pub, was that kid.” Mike guffaws, my leg the object of another clout.
From deep inside my muddled head, I hear an ominous sound. A cat-o-nine tails. A whip!
Mike and I are in the lobby of a theatre, and I'm crowd watching while we wait to be seated. My breath snags in my throat. It can't be! Is it --him? Here?
“John, my brother would sooner--.”
John waves his hand, dismissing his impatience and allowing me to resume.
Turning, I'm confronted by a woman with a cocktail drink in one hand. She's waving it recklessly, and I expect the liquid to slosh out, so I step slightly away.
“You always said sentiment is for losers, and yet you stopped me from--.”
"Geez, you said kiss you, and I did." My fists pound on my thighs, trying to make sense of that disaster I--no--he created.
Hastening out of the vehicle, murmuring a "wait for me,"-- I leave the cab door ajar and stare at the guilty metal framework.
"Oh, shut that mouth, you--. Always think you're right," as he paces the floor, fists beating a rhythm against his body, "mister know it all. Have all the answers," twirling around to confront me.
He can never resist the opportunity to purchase sweets.
"Okay! What's going on here?" You're acting awfully strange. And for me to say that is awfully strange," his voice interrupting my deliberations.
But there you were, and the string that began to tie us together wove it’s way around us those first exciting days with you.
Tossing my hands in the air and delivering more than a few sighs, I can't put it off any longer. It's time to get to the heart of the matter.
With an enormous sigh, he lowers the weapon, opens his fingers, and allows the metal piece to slip to the floor, twitching as it thumps on the carpet.
Other than myself, the landlady, and my brother, only one other has a key.
"Yep, good ole non-scientific, level-headed me. If you want to use my laptop, you have to do something to earn it. That will be your reward."
Inconceivable!
" I see your faculties are coming around," his voice cracking, "Doctor-- John-- Watson, " quavering.
I try to stand, and his hand reaches to my knee and stops any movement. I freeze.
Look, I've shopped for all your favorite foodstuffs. Your ginger snaps, the special English tea you love to have in the evenings.
When we enter the old pubs' establishment, the odors of cheap beer and wine are strong. The crowd is more youthful then we are. I should have figured that into the equation. After all, our staff is young. A cacophony--between people talking, televisions blaring sports events, the glasses banging on wood and the hip-hop music. Talking becomes shouting, becomes leaning into someone's ear to gain attention.
I must loosen up, must keep my cool.
John looks as though he's set up to say something yet settles his chin down to his chest.
Trying her best to clean up the mess, the mess that is my latest science experiment.
No! No! Not a good way of thinking.
“John Watson. I ostensibly have you to praise. But--I require your further assistance."
“You made tea?”
And those gold creations is what led to today. Standing outside the door of their former residence waiting for the car to take them to their wedding reception and then their new home.
I know my pulse is racing off the charts, and I can’t delay much longer.
Why am I here, and what the shit is he doing here?
Sorry, Charlotte, but you've only intrigued me more. I understand what you're saying, however--who and what is Sherlock.
Cold as the rain begins to fall with a vengeance, I return.
"You're --," not able to finish, as my eyes devour him.
“Don't you touch me,” snarling, “if I turn around, I'll--.”
It's those eyes that grip my attention.
Run from the memories, not visible now, but visions that remain in my head.
Balling my hands into fists, I stand rigid. “Bullshit. What's the cost, and what terms are we going to discuss?" downing the remainder of my drink. I feel a thirst, however, not for the alcohol. My cock is pushing hard, scraping inside my jeans. I want him. Need all of him. It's a desire I haven't known for a long time.
I will return home and accept any abuse John is prepared to deliver.
I hear the tapping of computer keys and recognize that my brother has entered my flat and is utilizing my laptop.
Holding my hands over my ears, I want him to go away, to leave me alone.
I walk.
We sit snuggled close on the sofa. Sherlock's arm casually drapes over the back, his fingers brushing my shoulder.
Mike looks sideways, befuddled, and Mycroft scowls. The elder brother gives us his card, “Doctor Watson and Doctor Stamford, I'm facilitating a social next Tuesday, at nine pm. After dinner cocktails. Might be beneficial to your little clinic," and leaves, Sherlock following.
Taking a deep breath, squaring my shoulders, soldier style, I say what I should have said years ago.
I squeeze the arms of my seat, digging my nails into the fabric.
Keep it filed away under ‘strange things happen.'
No, it's but a chance of tending to another puzzle, which is one of the heart.
How can he know it's me?
" Diverting my attention from the real issue. Kiss you indeed."
DI Lestrade has admonished the other officers to give me free rein, and I find his own patience is astounding.
I don't evade, allowing my arms to rest on the chair, my head shifted up to meet his strikes.
All my facilities stir as I hear someone's footsteps on the stairs.
“That part, then, it really happened. You were going to go up on that roof and--what-- jump? Why?"
The brilliant blue is now firey, however hard to see as they are almost shut in their lids
He pictured, in his mind, the first time, many years ago, he had shaken the hand of the brilliant Sherlock. It was outside this very door. The gold knocker, always missing a screw, tended to shift sideways. He touched the knocker, lovingly, with his finger.
"Ugh, John, that jumper you're wearing. Does nothing for you, and it's old."
Sensing John's hesitation, Sherlock drags him by the hand through the door of the store.
"Do you know how I--" glued to the floor, my eyes widen, eyebrows lift to the ceiling. "What did you say?" revolving on point.
Grumbling. I know I’m going to kill him. He’s not making this easy.
“This is an obvious photoshop. But why?”
"She took out a handkerchief from her pocket and wiped her eyes. I couldn't comprehend her words. What caused her to utter something so ridiculous? What would possess her to tell such a story? She continued to fuss. She didn't know what to say or do and asked if I needed help in removing all of your--at which she began to cry. I stood and gently ushered her to the door, saying I could manage alone.
"Are you kidding? Of course, we should be there! Hey, look, John. He's been a godsend to us. We've got not only his donations but lots more. Of course, we'll go," and picks up the response card, checks off the accept box, seals it in the return envelope." I'll post it when I leave."
Another swallow of the brew, feeling as if nothing I say can impress him with the extraordinary reality of what I had gone through.
In the seconds he's relating her status, the little girl has stopped crying and is looking at the shark and back at Sherlock.
It hasn't changed at all!
A door bangs and someone is walking up the stairs.
My breathing is heavy, but the pressure I'm under, the pressure he's putting on me, is only making it worse.
“I recollect the building," he says, "they are still in the process of repairing the roof. The persistent rain has kept them from completing the work."
He fills the open door of Johns's bedroom. Venturing across the threshold, Sherlock eyes the doctors' dresser, his rejected books lying on top. Square cornered sheets, military-style that make up the bed.
I've lost control and hastily rush to the door. He's calling me, but I don't respond--and he doesn't follow.
It's now or never for me--for us.
Years ago, that first day we met.
We walk until a sales associate approaches us.
But--something is still cutting it short before it reaches my tongue. I'm past fretting that it's a member of my sex that transmits these tremors along my body.
My idiotic heart looks to shatter out of my chest, "yes, I love you, " and all good reason has dissolved.
He supported himself psychologically by retaining, consistently at the forefront, an image of the doctor. Clutching at recollections of evenings, tranquil evenings by the fireplace, racing breathlessly within the streets of London pursuing perpetrators.
I break eye contact, questioning in my mind, how he's found that information. Glancing about, I feel the heat rising in my cheeks, and I wave a hand dismissing the question. On the off chance, he knows everything why reply?
There's no off-chance.
"I should slap you silly."
I insert my left arm into the Chinese bag loops, and under my other arm, a packet of aged cases to chip away at.
I’m determined that today--maybe tonight I’ll finally open my mouth and spit out the words.
It's paramount I look my absolute best yet not be too overstated. The armchair in my walk-in closet is brimming with shirts that lay discarded as unsuitable. It's an uncomplicated black bespoke suit, leaving off the vest, and a green silk shirt that I accept.
"Yes, as long as our frig used only for the food we eat."
I've no sooner entered than Sherlock is by my side, his hand tugging my sleeve,“ Tonight you are mine," his voice rumbles, turning me about.
“Oh, a once upon a time story. Love those!” his mockery dripping from his impeccably formed mouth.
"She didn't have the remotest clue of who I was depicting. "
“Let me continue. Mycroft revealed that you did jump but could not, for security reasons, let me in on the particulars. I snapped and was going for his throat, but he lifted his damn umbrella and jabbed at me, stopping my advance. He left, and after that, I sank into the chair and went to pieces. I know that people came and went, but I was outside of it all. Not hearing, seeing, or caring."
"The best," he chuckles," you knucklehead. The best, you say."
“Sentiment,” I choke out, partly infuriated that he’s alive and not entirely sure why I’m thrilled he’s alive.
All that I see are people on foot, however no John.
Overcome, I climb on, my legs astride his hips. Crushing my body onto his, I brush my lips on his neck. "No," his voice firm," no kissing." Pleasure floods my limbs. I shudder, and my hand extends down to sheath our members together. I can't control my urgency. The mere touch, this simple sensation of his body, his member touching mine, brings me to a closure almost instantly. His hip lifts, trembles, and his semen swirls onto our bodies.
Hesitantly, I rise and move towards the destination he's indicated, uncertain with regards to what to reply to -- or how to react.
"Alright, go. I'm sure you have more significant things to do than gossip," she waves her hand in dismissal.
“I distinctly remember Mrs. Hudson setting a pot of tea and scones on my little table with her look of pity on her face.
My memory reminds me of a tune--a chair is still a chair even though there is no one sitting there.
Interrupting him,” wait, wait. An appointment with him? Since when do we have a choice. He usually barges in on us or drags us away in that ridiculous black car of his. If it’s his car at all.”
“It began two months ago. It was a day just like today weather-wise. Really nice, it was. We had concluded with the police paperwork on the Finelli jewelry robbery."
It's him! John Watson!!
John chuckles and wipes his eyes," you actually did that? Go under many times? Boy, I bet you had people thinking you went off your rocker," smothering another laugh within his palm.
Those last words are clear and precise. No echo, no ringing. Unquestionably the medication is wearing off. An unexpected sigh of relief in knowing he has no intention of assaulting me. “Stop this, stop, fucking-- damn-- you-- to-- hell.” Let me free, so I can fucking punch you out, you madman,” my teeth clenched tightly.
John wouldn't be who he is without that weapon.
Mike and I initially met at going away party for his younger brother. Sheldon was one of my rugby players in college. We didn't hang much, but he was going into the army, and his parents planned a party for him.
"Probably charred the toast, right?" he asked, licking his lips and smiling, waiting eagerly for my verdict.
Gave me no chance to breathe.
I notice the slight rip in the pajama top and point to it with the tip of the bow.
The flat's stuffiness ultimately drew me out of my stupor, however light-headed from lack of food and sleep, but well aware of the need to run.
I have no choice but to spend three disagreeable days in the disinfection of myself and my flat.
And rushes out, I suppose, to get his body parts frig.
His curls brush my ear, his teeth scratch, nip on my earlobe. I gulp, gasp.
Minutes tick by, and we’re frozen, each in his own head.
The stuffed animal still on the wall, and under it the desk and the chair where I sat, typing on my laptop.
You sigh deep in your throat.
You'd never notice the difference between the before and now.
"I cannot comprehend you leaving my presence ever again, do you hear me, John Watson?" the tremor is not something I can conceal right now.
Sherlock draws to a stop when he realizes I'm not keeping up with him and drops back.
"Mycroft entered this flat and proceeded to invade every aspect of my private life. And, to console you, my dear doctor, "rolling up my sleeve," here. Satisfied?"
It isn't--it's not to be believed!
I have no coherent understanding, and for me, Sherlock Holmes, to have a riddle that can't be settled, well- - .
There's no compelling reason to respond.
That I'm as yet still his best friend.
They choose three dress shirts, black, light blue and cinnabar red, and three trousers, gray, black and tan.
But what went wrong? His voice, his bearing completely altered after dropping the whip. He wouldn't make eye contact, his voice sounding low and distressed and he only would face the wall.
"For heaven's sake, Sherlock! What the hell has gotten into you! Take off your damned coat and get the plates out."
"You mean?" confusion reigning.
Nothing registers so deep into the core of me as the humiliation, the hopelessness, and the horror.
It appeared in all ways to have come about.
A quote I have used in so many instances and john would repeat, mocking my words and tone.
Snorting, even though it's true, I answer, "try not to be so sure about yourself, you ass!" I dress rapidly, my heart beating with a fear that I would go with the offer he made. It's my first experience picking up someone other than from a service, and dammit, it would be this individual! Out the door, into the elevator, and when the door opens on the ground floor, I hesitate, finger on the button.
"She gathered me in her arms, squeezing me in a vise-like grip, 'Ohhhh, Johnnnnn.' She began sobbing, her face deep into my shoulder. Why was she crying? Not understanding but knowing how sensitive she was, I patted her back and, as gently as I could, asked her where you were."
"Come on, it's time you walked on the wild side!"
The air is so unLondon like. Refreshing with a breeze that simply brushes your body.
John did not demonstrate by word or location that he preferred his company anymore.
"Marine biology is of interest to you, John?" analyzing why he chose to invade my person. Willingly.
" Do you remember being on the roof? Was I there? On the roof with you?"
I refuse to yield to the likelihood that Johns attendance is not a fabrication of my imagination.
Sitting on a park bench, his hands tucked into his coat pockets he's fallen into a dark abyss. Where to run and whatever to do to occupy one's time?
"No, Sherlock. I--I don't know how to explain. I like your company and your intelligence, and I'm sincere when I ask for your friendship. Please. Let's continue around the rest of the gallery."
Nothing is right anymore. It's all about the fucking nightmare that I can't wake from. One that has shaken me-- derailed me. Was it for real? How could it have been?
I'm amazing, he says, for solving this crime within minutes of our arrival.
My hands dig into the pockets, stubborn in my denial, as I draw the lining out.
John lifted himself off his chair and walked to the coffee table. He picked up his gift and stepped towards Sherlock.
A cab pulls up, and John enters the cab with Sherlock following behind him.
A sound that is overwhelming, that touches my heart and says, "will this story end before midnight?"
She lays a hand over her mouth and whimpers, " oh, my. You are having illusions. Take two paracetamol and go to bed. And I'll call--no, just go to bed," waving both hands in evident distress, " and makes a swift exit out the door.
Out of nowhere, I'm embarrassed at the fear I'm putting this man through. I had never given more than the minutest hypothesis on how I would react. My objective was to embarrass him, to provide pain while I release my sexual urges. My sexual inclinations diminished, gone, and my activities continue to shock me. I can't proceed with my strategy. While removing the offending chains and cuffs, I avert my face. I stand, stroll into the washroom, filling a glass of water and sit it on the end table. He reaches for the glass and propels it forward ricocheting off my chest showering the fluid over myself and the bed.
"No. It's a long story. There is something about him I like. No questions, no sass from you. My decision, right?"
“Look, you, this is not easy, and if you start with any cutting remarks, I will leave, and you can fuck--.”
Thrown into mental confusion, I sag against the door frame, and my hands beat a fury on my head, willing my mind to concoct an answer.
Fact--I cannot recall spotting Johns's advancement forward beneath the ladder.
I chuckle wryly at the crack; however, it has a significance so great known only to myself.
"At home, your challenge is, well, take a guess?"
“ Consider this an education. A review of what could happen if it was another person. You fell directly into the snare," he says, facing the wall, keeping his distance."Get out before the temptation drives me to illustrate what I could have accomplished without your consent. Consider I might have kept you under lock and key for days." In light of my self-disgust, I speak sharper than usual.
Challenge? Was that what it was?
My determination hardens.
"Don't, John. I'm here," his body appears, dust particles swishing, colliding, separating as he moves closer.
I step back, less in dread, however, to permit him space to vent.
“I have also struggled with my emotions concerning you. I do love you.”
My muscles stiffen under my skin, preparing for the blows.
"Little brother," his waspish voice breaking the stillness of the parlor.
Nodding my head which rests against his shoulder, my arms hang at my side.
Mycroft's nose twitches, " A long shower with plenty of cleaning products would do."
He's merely jesting, and my fisted hands stay in my trousers pockets. Better not to reply. I feel equivalent to the energetic children weaving in and around us, as I have no perception of social relationships. Particularly with someone as respectable as the doctor.
Shoving away from the wall, reaching the bar, I throw down a few bills and say, “For you. No strings attached. I give a perfunctory nod and wend my way to Mike.
John and Daniel pick out some clothes, and finally, after careful planning and selection, John wastes no time in trying on clothes and going out to get Sherlock's approval for each item., John finds the winning pieces.
The discharge of adrenalin is causing my restlessness, for which I see no problem in springing up and crossing to the desk.
"Before we go into it, how about tea?" in the kitchen not taking a no.
“Don’t. I wish I had--” and Sherlock’s hand drifts back, running it through his hair. “This letter, these pictures. We have alternatives. Take them to Scotland Yard--,”
"Hey mister, I don't know what you're up to, but I have to take this down now. It's quitting time," dropping off the ladder and contriving to keep his distance.
There is no trace of some other individual living in this flat, let alone one Doctor John Watson.
He shrugs his shoulders, "Ah, that's very strange, but--Abbott and George took the ladder up to Northhampton."
“To resume, Sherlock. We continued and there in front of us, against a building, stood a ladder. Yes, you git! Exactly like today,” drawing a breath, “ I was never one for stupid folklore, and I walked under it, laughing. Once on the other side, which of course took milliseconds, you were gone. You had been on my left, and now you were missing.”
A cab pulled up to the curb, and the driver asked," Where to governor?"
"He motioned for me to occupy my chair, his polished shoe first shoving it further from him. As if I had some virulent form of a disease."
He conveys the impression that he's created an island around him. One that no one could swim onto unless he were invited. Unsociable and standoffish. For me, he is an enigma. Someone I'd like to know from those dark curls on his head down to his fancy boots.
I sit down, taking into consideration that my nerves are shot to freaking hell, and it's time to tame them.
"What's the reward?"
My patience, fragile as it is, rebels, and I strike my fist on his desk, causing the documents to shuffle as I simultaneously bellow, "simply answer me."
My heart pounding heavily and with dread, my legs begin the walk towards the offending piece of equipment.
Unable to change clothes because it was a symbol of that day.
He held the egotistical belief that John Watson would continue to grieve. Live alone. Making no commitments.
“I know John. It’s not hard to when living with a genius.”
He had quit any pretense of all that he was to ensure John's security, to maintain their friendship, their bond.
If I shut down now, he will badger me day and night.
"Why not sit?" maintaining a flatness to my voice.
“To what end?” he lifts his shoulders, and my hand drops from his coat.
"Sherlock," is all he says before pulling my head down and kissing me. In front of everyone standing outside.
“I remember, but-- you're stalling, John,” his eyes drilling a hole in my chest.
Raising his hand, he dismisses me and saunters away, my heart hammering.
Your hypothesis?
Whatever the case, whatever Sherlock said, I still have a ways to go before finishing.
His most annoying of poses and--the most adorable.
"What do you want from me? Why?" emotion drains, and I slump, trying to quiet myself but the rage reappears.
John's intellect is staggering in a manner unique to mine. I crush his hand, and a warmth overtakes beginning from the source, euphoric. "Would you consider an early dinner?" hastily retracting," no, I surmise you--."
Do I make the first move, and what is the move to be? What are we supposed to accomplish, to say to one another?
My head nuzzles into his neck, and gradually our lips meet.
“Can’t help it, Sherlock. It’s so creepy. Like one of those horror shows you'd see on the telly.”
"Okay, yes, You're waiting to hear what happened. Well, I admit it. I had rough sex. A bit too much, but I tried it and never again."
At the top of the steps of the aquarium, Sherlock stares out, "I am apologetic, John."
He waves his hand, dismissing my apology, "It's been a trying time for both of us. I know you've had your complications."
"You're not a mannequin, "gruffly," do something with your appendages."
People hasten past while I stand, with body frozen, brain vacuous, and attached to the very spot where I had stood as John--disappeared?
Each evening, when I emerge from the police station, I experience the scent of Chinese cooking aromas.
His inclination for chocolate biscuits with tea.
Tea is set forth on the coffee table and, he sits.
He was beyond the point of no return. He has now lost everything.
He nods, steeples his hands, his fingers brush his jaw, his elbows leaning on his thighs.
Mycroft's check is in the mail every month but I question his motive. Mike thinks he's only being philanthropic. But I sense something else behind his good intentions. Mycroft never does anything without a purpose behind it.
I follow the lifted eyebrows and the slight upturn of the younger brother's lips, his sneer, and have to smile.
" Mrs. Hudson. A moment of your time."
If not for the kind attention given to me by Mrs. Hudson, my landlady, and Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade, I suspect I would have withered away.
It's he that speaks first but it's sober and honeyed. “Pleasure comes in many guises. I've given as well as taken.”
"You think you can say,"--mocking his voice,--" ' kiss me, John.' And like a puppy on a leash, I'll do your bidding. No, better yet--like a damn robot? "
I burst.
John Watson!!!
It is imperative that I begin, regardless of how insecure I feel, "it began two months back. It was a day simply like today weather-wise. We had wrapped up the police administrative red tape on the Finelli jewelry theft."
“I accepted that the men I paid good money to were upstanding," speaking into the glass, my breath obscuring Sherlock's reflection, I feel nauseated. It's a tossup between running out of the house or running into his arms.
Sherlock was prepared to do all to provide for John.
"No. I did ask. And he, you know, gave a glance that told me he had, with his own two hands, made me breakfast. He said Mrs. Hudson had let him up, and he spent the night. Worried about me, he said. Can you imagine?  "
It’s the ladder!
I shout at him while moving away, "No. I am not using, Inspector," dashing out and slamming the outer door.
"Might be a bit too young, don't you think? " as Mike turns his head to survey the mostly male crowd, "but in this place, it doesn't seem to matter."
The reason is clear.
He hasn't glanced up from the papers he's been scanning, and it provides me a moment to notice my surroundings. Luxurious is the only word. His embellished mahogany desk is substantial in size, and I would imagine quite ancient. Along one wall is a coordinated sideboard with decanters of liquor and silver trays. The monstrous size of the room allows sofas and armchairs room to live comfortably. All in all, it's intimidating.
"How the hell are we gonna pay for all this when it's so expensive?"
He refuses to move, stands in the same space, body ready to spring.
Going on as though this was a typical day.
I'm trodding the parlor floor back and forth.
Sherlock's mouth opens, ready with a remark, probably one of ridicule, but I bring up my hand, “no, don't, don't go there, don't even try.”
And just as suddenly, it happens. Acceptance!
I know for certain he's going to rape me. To drive into me without a condom or lube.
I suck in a breath! That's an incredible amount for someone I've only met and in a grimy pub. No guarantees he even knows what he's doing.
I moan into my hands, chewing on my knuckles, knowing without a doubt I could babble endlessly about the said doctor.
The next door down is a patisserie, and that may be the justification for Johns exodus.
My limbs shudder as I see his laptop on the floor beside his seat and his slippers tucked neatly near.
This must be the moment--I should own this in whatever way it may end.
Seeing John take the present from the table he leaned down and picked up his red gift-wrapped box from beside his chair and stood up.
My knees give way as the drops buffet the open wounds. Sobbing, I bang my fists against the tiles, leaning my head into the downpour of hot water. My rage cooling with the heat of the spray.
Reading that my concern was and is for his wellbeing.
Nothing has changed in his outfit but maybe, maybe more chains around his waist.
Sherlock utters a snort, and I, sort of smiling, snort back.
Glancing nervously at the reference I realize he's mocking me.
I hear footsteps and the tap, tap of a cane which shatters my contemplations and heaving a sigh I know, it's Mycroft!
"I don't understand," as he releases me, "why have you come here? To mock me?"
His mouth opens, and he takes a full breath.
“It would appear that you were dead wrong," the heaviness in my stomach lessens, "about the boyfriend bit. Either way, it's not our business. Come on,” taking my arm, “the doors have opened.”
The curiosity you evoked that drove me to research you and then visit the flat should have had me running in the opposite direction.
I strive to remain absolutely calm and show restraint waiting for his next prompt.
Be nice, John. Patient. Somewhere in my heart, it is something more- - something that keeps drawing me in. Something that enjoys being near this ever-changing person.
He looked up at Sherlock's face, confused and surprised.
Far from being clearheaded, it appears that all parts of my being are shrieking to execute this act, regardless of how absurd.
Even more startling is the two cups, sugar bowl, two spoons, and a plate holding croissants placed on the table.
"And why did we come here," Mike shouts, taking the lead, pushing his way towards the bar. For a Thursday night, this joint is packed.
John is not in his seat, clicking away at the computer keys.
The very next night I approach him.
But--was it? Did something actually happen--was there an alternative existence that had occurred?
"Stop whining, I have the money for this. Now to dinner at Angelo's. Or shall we put these back?"
Leather cuffs buckle wind around my wrists and ankles, and no matter what I do, I can't stop him, can't battle him. I hear chains grate through connections and into metal rings. He's tying me to the bed! My stripped body is sprawled wide open for his probing.
“I want to hold you in my arms, to tangle my fingers in your hair, to--shit Sherlock. I love you.”
It was sex at first sight for Mike and I. I knew that men were my preference and were comfortable seeking the company of both sexes. For Mike, it was different. He was terrified his family would disown him as they disapproved of gay. We moved in together, giving his parents the excuse we could save more money to open our dream clinic. Because of his extreme discomfort, we could not show affection in public. It was a constant source of tension between us. It was for the best because the novelty wore off, and we turned out to be better friends than lovers. We joined our resources to open our clinical facility, still living together.
All intimate and all photoshopped.
"You're such a bastard, you know that?" he whispers through clenched teeth, tense with anger.
My flatmate of six months, Sherlock, has taken to regarding me with veiled eyes. Trying to deduce what is wrong but afraid to ask, to invade my privacy.
Was he just as glad that I wanted him in my life? Was there something behind those eyes I was missing?
Typically they are thrown on the bench in the hall.
"Sherl--," objecting to his closeness, my hand pushes against his chest. I tremble as I feel his heartbeat, the warmth of his skin under his shirt.
My rear end barely touches the cushion of my chair, the butterflies in my stomach preventing me from staying still, and so, I'm up and aimlessly moving across the room.
My eyes blink several times, casting off imminent tears," oh, don't look at me like that! How did I not recall that serious an event! But then--," pausing as I see his face turn from concern to utter disbelief. Was he upset that he jumped? Or that I had confessed to weeping over him at all?
Well, I've taken my last glimpse.
I sigh, "you're troubled at my current state. Well, It's none of your concern," brushing my tangled, unscrubbed locks off my brow.
“I'd welcome your resuming your relationship. You have achieved more than the vast majority, including his assorted therapists. He values your assessment of him.”
"You didn’t turn up that night or the next," not mentioning that I had slept each night in this very chair, waiting.
There's as yet the issue of was there ever a John Watson?
Sherlock Holmes, is it correct to guess that you are truly going under that piece of metal, I say to myself.
"That's--that's, well-- not what--I mean. You are all important to me. To my life. You're--well, you're the--, "choking, but pushing the following out," the nearest thing to a partner. Oh shit! What I mean is that I love you. You hear me, I--love--you."
"Dinner with me, you were going to ask. Boring!" drawing near, sniffing, “Your cologne. Run of the mill."
I have to put forth a genuine attempt at forestalling the sentiment that was ready to issue to the forefront.
“We've instituted a new policy at the center. In mild cases, we are home visiting. Our clients, especially the elderly, are appreciative,” Mike says.
Mike leans close, his lips almost touching my ear, "bet the police have a ball here. Some of these patrons look like they could still be wearing diapers."
He leans his head back, and I'm compelled to look up at his face, "You're lack of underwear? Mishap or deliberately? "
"Sherlock, I'm going to try an experiment."
He notices my agitation, of course, he does!
"I can't afford this place, Sherlock."
He stands. In the center of the room. Naked. Pale skin. Pale, pale skin. All bones and angles. A waist a woman would envy. Almost no hair on his chest, but a thin dark line runs to--.
Over the fireplace hangs a painted picture and I step nearer to appreciate it. It's a portrait of a man and woman dressed in clothing appropriate for the nineteenth century. The bearded man is standing with one hand on a chair, the other on the shoulder of the woman. She's sitting with hands demurely in her lap. Neither one is smiling. "That's their maternal grandpa and ma. The house you're standing in belonged to them. Very little has changed in this house. Mycroft likes it this way," pausing," Hello, Doctor Watson."
I've concluded my observations.
It's beyond the place of no return.
It must be!
“Very astute. I realized you would arrive at that resolution. Indeed, I do have an objective. Regardless of whether you decline or accept, I'll continue my contributions. The work your facility does is to be commended and rewarded." Sitting back, his hands resting on the desktop, “you were in the company of my brother, alone, on two occasions.”
In a daze, I let my fingers caress the firearm while I attempt to shape a sane way to deal with the events of today.
Say it. So ahead. Because right now, there are two choices. Either my flatmate, the detective, throws you out or he--but he won’t.
His face illuminates with a joyous expression.
Mike intrudes on my thoughts, his hand round his jaw, thinking," Intriguing. Let me see if we can get any data on the two,” and he wheels around to confront the lady adjacent to him. “Excuse me, madam, can you tell me who those two gentlemen are over there? I may have met the older one, and I'm mortified not to remember his name.”
Even though I’d prefer to stay wrapped in this cozy house and in your loving arms.
Good thing, too!
“Whatever is the matter, John? Terrified of being garrotted or expiring? You do comprehend that those are two of the ludicrous myths that are related to wandering under a ladder?”
I attempt to resist the removal of my shoes and socks, taking a stab at kicking out as my jeans tumble down around my lower legs and off my body. I raise myself on my elbows, wanting to sink my teeth into his arm, lose my balance, and fall onto the mattress. He's undressed me while I lie vulnerable, the stimulant knocking me senseless.
He settles at the edge, hesitant, most likely worried about sullying his pristine trousers.
It was fun remaking this story. Hope you like and leave some good comments
“Then, John Watson, I suggest you initiate and let me be the judge of it all.”
I slide into the interior of a taxi, handing the driver the address, for which he says," that's not a quick ride from here. Cost you a bunch, ya know!"
Whacking my hands on the wings of my seat, I begin to rise, “ if you don't let me tell it my way, then--.”
“What do you mean, victim?” hands in my pockets, holding a handkerchief tightly.
He waits for me to calm myself and enjoys the moment for what it is.
Near enough that if I glance up, I’m sure his chest would--.
He shouts-- until he forgets to breathe.
Setting aside his own emotions.
Fumbling for the key, I insert it and turn the knob.
Even though I disapprove, I stored a pack of cigs in your slipper and more nicotine patches in your room.
Sherlock bent his head down, and John stretched up. Their lips met.
"I think you're over-sensitive, but if it's what makes you feel better than go. I'm going to get the supplies we need for surgery," picks up his coat a takes off.
Surprise, denial, doubt, panic.
More vigorously than intended, I slap her arm away," Mrs. Hudson, this is no time for banter."
Someone has vanished.
It's my mental capability that I use to keep myself sane.
Whining like a five-year-old, "Oh John do I have to? It will take me forever."
I could have--but then--I don't.
A new colander.
The inspector takes a step back and unintentionally slams into a metal cabinet.
I remain, held in this position, not capable of movement.
Mike glances about, mumbles," That's him all right."
I shake my head, truly astounded, “I get it. So you weren't dead, and it never happened that way. I--guess," covering my eyes with my hands, "that it was some sort of weird dream."
“You know as well as I do that he probably has copies. And he’d be extorting money from us for the rest of our lives.”
“When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth--."
"What the hell--you look like shit!" Mike exclaims," no, you look like someone ran over you. What happened? No, Let me guess. One of your trysts, huh?" shaking his head. "I knew it would happen sooner or later. Even paid escorts can turn on you."
My hand reaches up to bang the knocker, but before I can make contact, the door opens, and Mycroft looks up, putting on his coat. There's no surprise on his face. “John Watson. An expected visit. Sherlock is in the library,” moving around me and out the door.
"No, no," shaking my head," I cannot disclose the reason, but I must discover the current location of the ladder."
And the trying to be upbeat ‘can I fix you up with a collegiate or friend’ thingy.
I ask, "What became of the ladder that was situated at Blondell's Furniture days back," all the while my insides are churning.
I threw it at you while I was angry, and it missed.
"No I've come this far I'm not backing down now."
Never moving.
The devastation this has on my mental abilities is both intellectually and truly tiring.
" Sherlock, if you want to use my laptop could you please do a load of dishes for me? I'm tired of seeing your dirty dishes around the house, and Mrs. Hudson will not always be here to help. Besides, why bother her."
God Damn you! Come back!!
"You did that. I don't know how, but you made me do that. "
"John, this is in earnest. I don't have the faintest clue where to begin. If a fairy tale could exist, this would be it," leaping up to pace the room, my stress overpowering.,/p> There is no logical way to proceed.
I scamper away to sit, irritated and yet enchanted.
I feel shaky, stupified, ashamed, satiated. Frigging wiped out.
I stop mid-way, pot in the air, and face in his direction, not able to catch sight of him from this direction.
His thinking position he calls it.
No matter the hour I review them, my only distraction, my lone alleviation from the anguish.
"We ought to focus on--" his hand secures my jaw, those strange greenish eyes gazing intently, "Necking is the fitting word, am I correct?"
If it wasn't for the curls and those prominent cheekbones, I might not have recognized him. He's dressed appropriately for the evening in a black suit, purple silk shirt, but no tie. His hair is still wildly curly but with a soft sheen.
None with any semblance of order.
"I don't know, but we're here. Let's make the most of it," holding onto his shoulder.
The sign on the drab brown building was once a deep red, the name Pinkys in shocking pink. All faded now. Inside pink and purple strobe lights swivel, permitting limited visibility throughout the room. Wall sconces succeed in illuminating both the floor area and the bar. The music is low and mellow and has a tinny sound. Probably cheap speakers and a CD player.
I'm about ready to rummage in my laptop for some interesting news when I pick up the sound of the downstairs door opening.
I distinctly recall shutting it when I left this morning.
It can't be!
With my hands clasped beneath my chin, my elbows placed firmly on my thighs, I try to speak.
Off Sherlock and John went for their dinner.
"Rachels father is footing the bill for us to move and to open another surgery in a small town south of London." His expression is pained. "It's a great opportunity for me, and you can have Glenn step up as your second. Please don't--", choking up.
My eyes widen, I open my mouth, but he silences me.
Instead, he walks to the kitchen, turns on the water tap, places the kettle under it, and fires up the stove.
I shake my head, not sure what the why is all about.
I'm sick of visiting King Richards pub on Thursdays with Mike. The same crowd, the same beer, the same everything. Two of our younger staff have been meeting at the Hound Dog. The joke is always about its being a hole in the wall. But fun. I'm intrigued. It's time I checked out alternatives. I've been in the same pattern for a few years, and the change would be good.
And now--it must be the reality.
Sherlock was perplexed though.
"Help, help," crying out. But am I hollering or whispering?
Remember?
But no matter what--this man, facing me right now, this man who fits so largely in my life as more than a flatmate is my lifeline to--well, to life itself.
He stood alongside John, remembering that other gold item that prompted them to this moment.
All the items are thrown in a trash bag but have to go right outside.
"Have you ever walked under a ladder, Sherlock?" he inquires.
The chuckle that gushes at unforeseen times.
But more so because I care, care much more than a flatmate should.
My body goes limp, collapsing to the floor.
Upon arriving at the destination, I detect the same ladder leaning against a one-story building.
"Oh, stop that! Stop giving me those--I don't do that type of thing--look. You know damn well you do that lots of times. Leave me without a fucking word!"
I sprint down the streets, unaware of anything other than my objective, that being Sullivans Construction and Home Renovation
Shock, refusal, question, alarm.
"Do you truly require--is it that severe, John?" his voice dives deep into his throat, definitely indicating his concern.
"Oh dear," her hands dancing from face to dress and back, "you are ill, aren't you?" winding her fingers around the edges of her apron, she replies timidly, "you moved in here over two months ago. And you've been searching for a flatmate. Do you remember the two nice gentlemen that answered your advert last month? You all but threw them out--thought they were idiots--to quote yourself."
I'm bouncing, applauding myself. I'm euphoric! The roses were a spot of genius! I speculate, and with good cause, that reflection, before opening my mouth, and keeping my emotions tamped, will be central for tomorrow's adventure.
And because of it, I began to evaluate my sentiments towards the tall larger than life genius, Sherlock Holmes.
“Was that--clarification-- fulfilling to you?” he says.
No,--it could not be.
My downward spiral into hell will provide no rational solution for this twisted occurrence.
“And for what purpose was the research done?” I ask, crossing my arms. She strikes me as self-indulgent. Colored red hair, a silk flowered long-sleeved shirt, and white palazzo pants and certainty about life that money bestows on one.
"What does it matter to you? It's probably on another job," and effectively ignoring the fact of my standing there.
“Doctor Watson. Now that you've shown yourself I must leave," and stands, tossing his napkin and paper plate into the bin.
His fingers intertwine, "Suffice it to say that Sherlock's character has altered since that last--contact. Oh, try not to look shocked! I am much more so than you believe me," his lips curl into a near grin.
His shoes attack the steps, his anger undeniable, and it doesn't bode well for me as he progresses into the flat.
I can demand the driver stop and let me out; however, I realize I won't. I have no clue what's in store for tonight, but I will go along with it.
I'm fearful that I may jump directly into my heart.
Slapping a mound of documents on Detective Inspector Lestrade's work area, my voice in need of liquid, " I've dealt with these. Names and where to find the culprits are inside."
It was last Christmas eve. A cold, wintery blast had hit London, but the guests at 221B had kept warm. The sparkling champagne, the good finger food and lots of small talk made the evening enjoyable for both men.
“To what degree signifies 'relationship'?” in air quotes.
My legs stop moving as I recognize that John has come to a halt well before I have.
Days went by, and the silence, the demise of a life that held me in its grip, exciting, ever-challenging, and the extra--which couldn't be named--ultimately grew unbearable.
"The kid? You mean--the Holmes kid?" Really? Joshing me, right?"
“With him? Pick a fight?”
"No, no, you go right ahead. It's great, and you'll be great, and you'll be happy and--," we both laugh knowing I'm rambling.
Rather, he transports himself to his flat. His exceptionally vacant flat.
“Explain yourself, John Watson,” now calm, no low with a touch of tenderness.
It's her!
Even more important, why not take your flatmate with you?
I was too hasty and in that haste, an iron pipe descended on my head.
Ah yes!
John gazed up at Sherlock and witnessed an expression he never thought to read from those soft, sparkling eyes and his shy grin. Love.
"Well, since you are challenging me, here goes," John assuming his military stance, chin up, chest out, shoulders back, stomach tucked in.
My jaw is painful; however, mostly, it is my mind that is distressed and perplexed.
During my speech, his eyes never dropped, never shifted, and I admit to shivering at the intensity of his gaze.
Mrs. Hudson has entered old age, and dementia has set in!
And on the off chance that he- -?
No, Sherlock Holmes. You are not advancing into a twisting road of insanity.
" Anyways, I recall Molly came to the flat still wearing her lab coat and placed a sedative in my hand with a glass of water, and like Mrs. Hudson, tut-tutting all over the place. Somehow I reached my bed because I woke in the morning, still in my clothes and really needing a cup of tea. Still not fathoming all of it, I walked downstairs, only to discover, sitting in your chair, your brother, Mycroft."
No teacup!
"John, would you kiss me?" his voice deep and husky.
If it's elucidation he wants, then it's elucidation he'll have, "I'm aware you and your fiancee Mary have had a row, and you've walked out. Without your jacket, I might add, because you're shivering from the cold."
The downpour has now reduced itself to a mild sprinkle.
What is clear is he's come here after a terrible battle with Mary as opposed to going to a hotel.
Settling myself into the comfort of the cushions, I try to make myself small, as small as possible.
"You'll be fine," opening a door and shoving me onto the bed in the middle of the room.
If it were anyone else, they would not notice the slight upturn of his lips, his way of smirking.
I discover how to forgo talking by lifting and dropping random papers.
“That's strange. I got the funniest feeling that Sherlock knew you--and--."
"Let me worry about that."
As long as my John, the doctor, is alive and perfectly healthy.
He slides open the dresser drawer and discovers the baby blue jumper neatly folded. Did John not take it on purpose?
Tumbling off, and lying on my back, I ask breathlessly," Was it good for you?" Why did I even ask that? It's never been my concern how my partner of the evening would enjoy our encounter.
"I don't have any other method of unveiling this story."
Vaguely, through the haze, I understand the kid has slipped me a Mickey Finn."Wha, you do?" slurring.
Up went Sherlock's right arm and makes the call," cab!"
“Oh,” he breaks my line of thought, actually non thought.
At the time he didn't perceive it as a sentiment.
Mourning, sobbing.
"Drink up. Drink it all up. You'll need it," a shot of whiskey appears on the counter.
"Would you pardon me, Charlotte, I think Mike needs me," bouncing up and extending a slight bow.
A police officer passes by him, granting him a cursory examination. He combats the notion of curling up on the metal bench to slumber. Resists the thinking of walking the several streets down to discover solace in a needle.
Instead, he unlatches the door to my bedroom, "I'm staying in my room for the night. And before you cause any more trouble, smart ass, get into your room and don't come out. For nothing!"
" He's near mid-chest on me, military-cut blonde hair, blue eyes," articulating nearly an octave higher.
I bang the pot on the stove so hard it rattles the pan on the other burner. "You think you can waltz in here after you got my gut in a turmoil, twisting my brain so I couldn't take care of any of my patients these two days--yea you shithead. Two whole fucking days of not eating, not sleeping."
Captivated by the toughened look on one so young, by his composure, and his I don't care air, I shrug, "yea," as I turn away, "too young. Not my type anyway.”
Might even stay to watch.
"For a Doctor John Watson," the man says, "Two dozen roses. Boy, She must want something bad."
It was no shock to discover him with a woman! However, to learn he was engaged? That was a blow to Sherlock's innermost self.
Internally, I cannot compute what my eyes are reporting.
He kisses me.
The kid thrusts the money to the floor and destroys me in one motion, by giving me the finger. And saunters out of view.
My coat slides from my fingers as I turn, and-- you are here! In the flat!
Was he found only in my mind?
Damn, John. You've spent so much time on your problems you've overlooked Mike! Looking back on the last weeks, maybe months, I should have recognized his preoccupation.
"You're still here--and none the worse for it,” easing my tone. I will not confront him. I refuse to recognize that magnetic force trying to draw me in.
His own!
His attitude changes to one of concern, and he emerges from his seat," have my men done anything--"
"So I guess we're not staying here," and follow him out and into a taxi.
“I’m here,” he repeats, although it’s still not registering in my addled brain. “Home,” gesturing wildly,” we’re--home. Well, I’m--.”
I ring up Sherlock and ask," I'd like to try something other than dinner. The roses are wonderful." The line is quiet on both sides, and I'm the one to break it, "how about a visit to the aquarium?"
“John,” leaning forward, irritated, “I don’t need every facet--.”
Sitting in the taxi, the driver endeavors to make conversation, as I was basically disregarding his mumblings to make an attempt at some sort of reason.
He grunts. and I'm humiliated. "That's it. If it's going to be like this, I'm leaving," heading for escape.
"I know someone took all the liquor out of the flat because I went looking for it. Molly and Greg came regularly and brought takeaway. Telling me bits and pieces of their day.
He leans, towering over me; his hands lay on my knees.
"We've been through this, Mike. So what are you going to do?"
My eyes joining his with a surety I've never known. I stoop over him, my hands on his knees, and do the one thing I've desired to since my first contact with this genius. This rarity of a man.
“ At the time in question, we strode out of the police station and began to walk down the street. Exactly like today.”
I lifted the loaded glass and guzzled down the whiskey, burning my throat in the process.
He salutes me with a sardonic smile and, with two enormous strides, steps under the metal ladder.
Sherlock, you intentionally hurt another human. What made you think it was a correct thing?
Advancing on him, I bend, my hands each clasp one of his wrists to restrain them on the arm of the chair.
