Sherlock snorted, again, grinning. "Yes, well, enough about my life as a tragic gay Victorian. Chop chop, John. Someone needs to make suhur, and it certainly won't be me."
"Not a dozen stab wounds, fourteen," Sherlock said, walking around. "The act would have been just as fast, but without the blood from a severed carotid spewing everywhere, that would take the edge of frantic urgency down by quite a bit. He's more in control this time. Can relish it."
”You really can’t.”
"Look," John said. "I'm not asking you to marry me for real. I'm saying that you need a bond, and you're my friend and I'll help you out. How many other people know about your... biology, anyway?"
John's heart jumped immediately into his throat, because
Sherlock stared into his eyes, feeling the soul-deep certainty of his words. His telepathy picked up compassion and fierce affection and fondness and anticipation.
"Can't. Fasting."
"Yeah, it was some bloody crazy reporter. Uh, Caucasian male, early thirties. Had sort of spiky brown hair and a beard."
"Alright then?
"40,000. Half up front, half when you get it done."
"Of course I'm coming. John! Either take your breakfast with you or leave it, we've got a case!"
katra = soul
And they fell into each other and they never quite stopped.
"Waking you up."
The body was found laid splayed out on the most popular hiking trail in one of the biggest parks in the city. The scene was taped off, crowded with curious spectators along the sidelines, police milling about to keep the crowd at bay.
"Do you have a file on him?"
It meant "for Queen and country."
"I didn't," he said. "The circumstances left me no choice but to tell the truth, and so I did. It was logical. Frankly, I expected you to ask questions, demand an explanation. You dismissing me entirely makes things
"The forensic tech." Donovan looked to Lestrade sharply.
His cool-down times got shorter and shorter. Sherlock could practically feel him loosening his definition of what made one a 'degenerate.' Pretty soon, there would be one who was morally upright. The spree would start, and anyone within eyesight would be a potential target.
"Yes. Lovely little planet in the 40 Eridani A system. Or so I've been told. Never actually been."
"How so?"
When he gets to his bedsit, however, there is a cheap, old-style flip phone sitting innocuously on the table.
"I am not ashamed. I am Vulcan. I do not feel shame."
He approached the side of the bed slowly, silently. Lifted the gun and brought it to position just a centimeter from Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock had been watching the forensic tech.
John made tea. Mycroft drank it but said nothing.
A gunshot rings out two streets back and John swears and sprints towards it.
He'd seen him fiddle with his equipment. Heard a loud bang, not like a gunshot, quieter, but not like something fell either.
Prince Mycroft said something and suddenly the whole family went silent. And stared at John.
"No it won't," John promised. "And it's not dinner, right? It's just iftar. Just a little something so that you can say you broke your fast. For religious reasons."
"And yet should be ignored nonetheless, in the pursuit of pure logic."
Moriarty was a small man, average in looks and entirely unassuming. He steepled his fingers together across his desk. John sat back in his chair and waited.
John, in that moment, realized that he absolutely should not be staring and in fact, should be helping with the great deal of work that needed to be done. Even Masse and Oweyn had disappeared somewhere, off to work on fixing the current horse crisis.
"Vulcans
John arrives at the scene just three minutes after Sherlock. The house itself is taped off, surrounded by murmuring reporters and flashing cameras.
Lestrade had issued a warning for the neighborhoods he was hunting in, which were now crawling with an abundance of patrol cars. And, of course, phoned in reports of suspicious men. Almost none of these men fit the profile even remotely. There were a number of petty charges issued (one for
He shook his head.
Sherlock groaned in frustration, and John was tempted to break the hold right then, to pull the other man down and snog him senseless. But no.
It would be all too easy to just snap the pieces of gun together and take the shot. Sherlock drops dead, a bullet through the brain, and John is out the back before anyone recovers enough to even look.
The bed underneath bounced with an unexpected weight. John jolted upright, instantly alert, fumbling for his gun in his nightstand.
"Well fine, if I'm so unwanted, then maybe I'll just leave and take all my helpful tips with me," he said.
Fuck.
"What do you want me to say?"
But Sherlock laughed. "No. John, it's so obvious. The color. Look at the color."
The guard nodded, gave the all-clear gesture, and the gates opened before him.
"Hey, what's the hold up?" Lestrade said, bounding towards them. "Sherlock, John, come on. We've got a scene to examine."
The voice chuckles. "Right, of course," it said. "An operative was killed tonight at Roland Kerr College. I don't suppose you know anything about that?"
"Oh, I confronted her and she ended up shooting herself. Then I fled Canada and didn't breathe a word of it to the police," he said. "I have my own notes on the case, of course. Quite interesting."
Not about Sherlock's perspective.
It only took three hours of asking key questions to key people to discover that the victim had been Ashley Tillman, 24, single mother of a six-year-old boy, living in a run-down flat and trying to kick her opioid habit, with stilted success.
Sherlock grinned. "Well, help me up then. We have to get home anyway. Your medkit awaits."
John is the only human Sherlock can tolerate. But this...
"The butterfly's a monarch again," Lestrade nodded towards it. "Mean anything? Got any theories?"
Something in John went very cold at the words. "What are you saying?"
John's head was spinning.
T'Sai = Lady
He sat on the couch beside Sherlock and pulled supplies out of his first aid kit. Sherlock required eleven stitches, and John topped them off with antiseptic and heavy bandages, removing the makeshift tourniquet and binning it. Sherlock was silently compliant the entire time.
"Yeah?"
"It is, it is."
"Healing trance," he corrected. "And... Well, I may need some help coming out of it."
"Why do humans need so much sleep anyway?" Sherlock whinged, flopping down so he was laying beside John. "And some husband you are, leaving your mate to fend for himself and
He put himself up in a cheap hotel near Baker Street and began his own research. He didn't go into any job blind, much as just about every client would like him to. Except, of course, for the ones who wanted to monologue about whatever great evil the mark had committed that pushed them to seeking out a hitman. And John just had to suffer through those encounters and nod along. Deranged people don't like being reminded that their hitman is not their therapist. It's not dangerous in any way-- John can take care of himself-- but it sure is annoying as fuck, not to mention bad for business.
"And all it will accomplish is feeding the killer's ego. There's too little data yet. Do feel free to make note of everyone here, however. There will be overlap at the next scene," Sherlock said. He moved over towards the body and crouched down next to it. "John, what do you think?"
John raised an eyebrow. He had not been expecting that. He had been expecting-- well, to be honest, plastic surgery like Mycroft had. Now Sherlock's comment about him being ashamed of his heritage had a lot more clout.
Sherlock looked at him. Then he sighed and turned his coat collar up. "Fine," he said. "But it's a complete waste of my and John's time, which could dearly be put to better use on the mold-and-skin-cells experiment."
"Sherlock, you've got to give me something. You said you'd have more information after a second kill. There's been a second kill. Now give me some information."
The phone rings 97 minutes later exactly. John picks it up without hesitation.
"Hello, I need an ambulance, we're at 59--"
"It means 'thank you,'" he said.
"I wasn't going to ask that."
"Who was the first?"
For the best, really.
"Sherlock," John said slowly. "Tell me you've seen a doctor before. At least once in your life."
he said.
"You're predicting a serial killer with only one body so far?" he asked, intrigued. "They left a signature, didn't they? Don't answer that, of course they did. Made a show of the body too, must have put it on display. We've got an exhibitionist."
"It's Doctor, actually."
”Yeah, don’t kill me,” he said dryly.
Sherlock turned around, seemingly oblivious to the nine different levels of wrong that that sentence was. "Well, not fully, I mean. I am half-human."
"It looks like you've nicked an artery!"
He quickly hid a number of things. Not a block, really, just... putting certain aspects of himself out of view. For the best.
John sat down. "Okay. Sorry. I didn't mean to imply anything like that. I just don't understand. What do you mean, your species is telepathic?"
Before he'd seen the man tell a woman's hometown by the turn of her coat. Her profession by her sense of style. Her romantic history for the past ten years inclusive just by her
A passing forensic tech eyes John strangely. He hefts his briefcase on to the counter. At least assembling the gun will make him look busy. It'll be in plain view of the detectives, but without the scope, he could easily pass it off as a portable microscope.
"I'll bond with you."
Also I realize cha' is masculine but I couldn't find a female variant, so oh well
”Hello,” John breathed. “I got the wrong flat?”
John nodded. "And then you would've died young of consumptive fever," he agreed. "You would have never married, refused all your suitors, and left behind a city of broken hearts."
"Alright," he said, tucking away his stethoscope. "Well, you certainly aren't human, that's for sure."
"Captain John Watson, here to see the professor," he said. "Butterfly."
Tonight. He said he'd kill him tonight, and he's damn well going to follow through.
"Can't you do your own work?" he said. "Even if he did know her, the connection will be extremely tenuous at best. You won't find any real suspects that way. He'll be protecting himself, playing it smart. Killers like this don't like to be taken out of the game."
"What do you mean?"
John grinned. "Think I've already made it pretty clear I'm in here for the long haul, Sherlock. I won't abandon you. I'm not going anywhere."
”Oh, a little old cabbie told me. Maybe you know him? Murderous, poor sense of direction, you shot him about five hours ago.”
John understood now that Sherlock ate and slept so little because he only needed a little. He still pestered him about it, just to a lesser degree.
"There is no such thing as pure logic."
The two Vulcans ignored him entirely.
”You’re upset,” he said.
Apparently not, as heels clicked rapidly on cobblestone and a silk-gloved hand tapped him on the shoulder. John froze and turned.
So not all human minds. Though he hardly had a science-worthy sample to draw from. But even his melds with Mycroft and Mummy had never been like this. Their minds were cold cold cold and clear, almost painful and sharp to the touch, a razor's edge of intelligence. Brutal, ceaseless logic. He had felt awe, and admiration, and as he got older, adrift. Lost and different and confused. Illogical.
"Don't know."
"You are a rare gem, John Watson. I'll not have you go to waste mucking horse shit for the rest of your life. No, to save the lives of the royal family is an act that must be encouraged and rewarded. If half my knights were as honorable as you... Yes. It's settled then. You are to be knighted immediately and set into training for the Royal Guard. I'll see to it as soon as I've got my son settled in from his journey. Dismissed."
"I might die."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Didn't realize you were pandering to that hippie New Age crap, doctor."
Damn good thing he did, because he saw Sherlock holding up one of those suicide pills to the light, and no. Surely no. He was a genius. He was not this fundamentally stupid.
"That's--" Lestrade said. "Well. That's a start."
"You know who he was working for," he said. "And you're afraid of his boss. Workplace rivalry, is it?"
Sherlock sighed and pushed a curl behind his ear, revealing that it tapered off into an elegant point. John's jaw dropped. And then Sherlock pushed his bangs off his forehead to show pointed eyebrows.
The palace stables were massive. Rows and rows of stalls in a building big enough to house a town, in John's opinion. Not all of the horses were technically the queen's, however. Most of them belonged to upper members of the Royal Guard. Though that essentially meant they belonged to the queen by proxy. If she so wished, she could just take any of those horses, declare it to be for her private use, and forbid anyone else from riding it.
He continued debrading a particularly deep and vicious stab wound.
”It’s not a big deal,” he said. “I’m not— I’m not upset.”
John lurched and flipped them both over so that Sherlock was pinned quite securely underneath him, nothing at all like that flimsy 'hold' he'd had John in earlier. He leaned down, his lips almost brushing the detective's ear. "Can't I do both?"
She didn't, though, and likely wouldn't. The queen didn't seem to care much for riding.
He was dimly aware of John examining his consciousness, turning his mind over and over to get a sense for it, eagerly looking at every little bit he could without any training in technique.
"I did."
The queen crushed him to her chest, cooing and saying nothings. The crown prince was talking simultaneously, much slower and calmer, and the littlest prince squawking loudly, flailing his arms about, and generally trying to get as much attention as possible.
So when she got the call from Dr. Watson the next morning, she commanded that her entire family convene at Baker Street at once, no exceptions, no excuses.
Apparently, T'Va'kau had arrived on Earth in her Vulcan robes and traditional headscarf and been mistaken for a somewhat eccentric hijabi by just about everyone. After about a week of extreme confusion, she approached several
"Center of the victim's chest again. Over the sternum, not the heart. He means it to cover the whole body. He's marking the victims as a whole, not that specific point on their bodies." He crouched down, pulling out his magnifying glass to examine the insect. "And the monarch... The monarch the monarch the monarch. Used to symbolize... nothing specific. Butterflies in general, though-- change, rebirth, transformation, impermanence, the soul, the
The gun had those spinny little adjusters on it-- just like a microscope-- for the scope that was nowhere to be found. John spun those around a bit-- delicately, as if with great concentration.
"There's a biological imperative," he spat.
John ran ahead of them as fast as his legs could carry, stopping in front of the royal family just in time to throw up his hand and shout a command. One of the horses listened, the one behind collided into it, and the third remaining horse tried to tear off to the side in confusion. The horse that had listened tried to rear back, and ended up getting very much tangled with its partner.
”What could you
"Magnussen is a bottom feeder and a predator of the lowest sort. I've been dancing around him for a while now, waiting for a good enough reason to take him on. Eight different clients have come to me with claims that Magnussen was blackmailing them. It was always for dreadfully dull reasons that they deserved to be scammed for, though, so I refused all the cases."
"Uh, thanks mate, but I think I'll pass on that one. I'm fine where I'm at. Didn't mean to make it seem all that bad, it's-- it's good. Really."
Lestrade tensed, hand hovering over his walkie talkie. "Oh? And why not? Won't this exhibitionist, as you say, be oh-so-thrilled to know we're onto him? We could detain everyone here, you could study the reactions of the crowd--"
"No. Fasting," Sherlock said.
"You made an assumption!" he said, entirely too happy about it. "You, Sherlock Holmes, made a stupid, inaccurate assumption about me.
"You have no way of knowing the potential course of things. For all you know, I will never be burdened by that particular... occurrence."
John ignored that and crawled off of him, searching around the right side of the room blindly for wherever his gun had been thrown. Sherlock actually did stay in one place for a moment, then he snapped himself out of it and sprang into action. He scrambled out of the bed, ended up tripping and falling to his knees on the floor, but he was back up in an instant, making a mad dash for the door--
"Splendid," Mycroft said in the dryest tone John had ever heard in his life. "We'll live on oysters and chocolate for the rest of our lives."
He wanders around, peering obviously, and ducks under the tape just far enough away from most of the crowd. From there, creeping into the house is a simple matter.
John took his hands in his own. "Of course. I'm going to spend the rest of my life with you one way or the other, Sherlock Holmes. And I'd like you to stay alive for that."
Then their parents arrived, thank God.
move Sherlock had ever seen. And then he'd shot himself with it, like a common buffoon, and proceeded to grit his teeth and calmly walk out as if he hadn't just been
"Hello?"
It wasn't quite a bang, with their silencer on, and it certainly wasn't recognizable as a gunshot.
The killer murdered a coke fiend, an elderly homeless man, a young homeless girl, a female prostitute, a male prostitute, a male stripper and his unlucky friend, a politically outspoken teenager with brightly colored hair.
Lestrade said. "Sherlock, extortion is a legitimate crime. You should
"That's hardly necessary."
His phone trilled and he pulled it out of his pocket and answered immediately. "Hello?"
Sherlock looked him up and down, eyes searing. "Murder?"
"This is childish."
"What, are you saying your cock has magic life-sustaining abilities?"
"'S just a graze," he said.
He pickpockets a press badge immediately, clips it onto his shirt pocket where it’ll be clearly visible. The man he took it from had had it on his belt, as did most of the reporters here.
"Oh, you'll have to show me sometime," John said, smiling.
"No," he said, slouching further against the brick wall, head thrown back. "There's nothing they can do for me there."
"Of course it was you, it had to be you. Seeing as you left Magnussen's house without blowing it to pieces, that means you're an assassin, not a terrorist. A stranger with a gun just happens to show up at two of my crime scenes in one day? It's connected. It's you. I got the profile a bit wrong when I gave it to Lestrade though. I said the shooter had a strong moral compass, seeing as you waited until the last second to fire. That wasn't it at all though, was it? Extremely moral people do not become assassins. Your hesitation to fire had nothing to do with a reluctance to take a life. No. You were waiting to see if I'd actually do it, and you didn't want to kill the cabbie unless you absolutely had to. Why? There has to be a... Oh."
John loved the horses.
Vulcans do not marry for love. And not even half-human ones are exempt from pon farr.
He started walking again. John hurried to catch up.
Mike brightened. "Oh, he's the perfect bloke for you Johnny. Sherlock Holmes. Do you want me to introduce you? He's probably still at Bart's."
"Okay, that's getting a bit eerie now," John said. "Why aren't you talking?"
), but the actual killer remained at large. In general, police resources were wasted thoughtlessly, and with great abandon.
John sidled up to him out of nowhere and slid a packet of sunflower seeds towards him. Sherlock flicked it away.
How had John never noticed that before? He shook his head. Sherlock was so startlingly pale, and he had always attributed the oddities of his complexion to sickliness, brought on by an unhealthy lifestyle.
Were all human minds like this? Why had he never experimented? He'd mind-melded with his father before, sure, and it had struck him as exceedingly dull. And Victor, once, in uni, while they were both unbelievably high. The experience had been more terrifying than anything, and Victor had written both it and the entire conversation before it off as a drug-induced hallucination. Sherlock had all too readily agreed.
He sniffed. He walked back over to the body and gestured grandly. “This man was a blackmailer,” he said.
"What the bloody hell was that all about?" John asked. "All that stuff about logic and no emotions?"
"Logic has brought our people out of a time of darkness and war and into one of enlightenment."
"How does making your own food constitute suffering?"
"How?" John whispered back.
he said. "Please, can I-- If you would allow me, I could..." He made a gesture at the side of his head, coupled with a significant look. Understanding lit behind John's eyes. "For communication. Just... just communication."
It was unnerving.
"You and Mycroft have one?"
"He's here," Sherlock whispered. "One of these people is the killer. I'm certain of it."
John smiled softly. "So how do we bond?"
"Oh, but come on!"
The professor's study was just about as expected: not his real study. No maps anywhere, no papers on the desk, not even a cup of pens. An obvious false front without even an attempt at fooling anyone.
Shooting yourself in the foot sucked.
"The choice of the monarch specifically was deliberate, has to be. It would have been very difficult to acquire. It's symbolic, and means something that the killer thinks would be quite obviously apparent but actually isn't. The butterfly is his signature, his brand. His identity as a killer is completely tied up in it. Unfortunately, it could be that the monarch is his signature, or he could use a different species for each victim, symbolizing something about them personally. I won't know any more until we find a second body."
"Don't care." Sherlock picked up another date.
"I could bond with someone else."
An infinity later, Sherlock pulled his hand away and they were both breathless and gasping, staring at each other like they had never seen the other before.
John nodded. "Great. Okay. Now let's get your arm looked at."
She opened her mouth to snarl something, but Lestrade cut her off. “Sherlock, if you have a theory, then just say it.”
"Vulcans typically only go by their given name. Usually even our clan names-- what you would think of as a surname-- are superfluous," he said. "Oh, and Mycroft's real name is Sycropt."
John's blood froze. "What?"
"Because it's my privilege to kill him and I'm damn well gonna do it," he said. "You don't hire a man to do a job and then let someone wheedle in and steal it. It's just not on. Tell your boss to get control of his bloody network. Holmes is mine, and he's officially off-limits."
He nodded shortly, face burning, and turned to walk away. He could only hope they were too distracted to care much about his impertinence.
Lestrade grimaced. "Look, I can only stall them processing the scene for so long. Are you coming or not?"
Maybe he could persuade the professor to--
He had figured out the meaning of the butterfly, finally. It wasn't about starting fresh or 'the city reborn in blood' or any of the other frankly ridiculous suggestions the team had tossed out. No. The killer was a vigilante, thought he was cleaning up the streets, and the butterfly was specifically a monarch,
From John's perspective, learning that Sherlock was religious had been significantly more shocking than learning he was an alien. The idea that that man recognized a god and not only that, but was on the side of those serving him, was... unprecedented.
"What?" Anger coursed through him.
"Ta. You all need to make dietary changes. You need copper in the same amount that humans need iron, and a human-style diet simply isn't providing that. You're getting too much of some vitamins and too little of others. Mrs. Holmes, you said most Vulcans these past few centuries have been vegetarians? That's with good reason. A vegetarian diet would actually be a lot healthier for all of you. And you should try to eat as much natural, organic stuff as possible. God knows what Earth preservatives will do to you. There hasn't been a single study with your particular biologies in mind, and definitely nothing long-term. So best just to avoid all that entirely."
"What?"
"So you just need to...?" He made a vague hand gesture.
Sherlock snorted. “The business world is called ‘cut-throat’ for a reason, is it not?”
”What?” one of the other officers squawked. “Are you kidding me? Who the hell takes out a hit on— on some random CEO?”
"No, of course not. Why do you ask?"
After suhur, apparently.
"Hassu Watson," Mrs. Holmes said. "You wished to provide my family with medical examinations?"
we're invited," John said.
The green blood that had been splashed all over a back alley somewhere never came up. John suspected Mycroft's minions had something to do with that. The suspect who had shot Sherlock got away and skipped town, before getting caught in Wales ten days later. John chewed Sherlock out for days about being an idiot and taking unnecessary risks.
Sherlock blinked. "I could-- teach it to you, if you wish."
he thought, felt soft amusement, giddy happiness (muted), and broke the meld.
”I don’t usually do this, with my victims,” John explained. “But you seem special. So. Any last words? Final requests?”
The man was a menace. He was an out-and-out genius, and John felt a pang of regret at the idea of being the one to rid the world of his beautiful mind. Seemed a shame. A waste, really.
"Surakian philosophy. The main tenet of Vulcan culture. My world's people strive to control their emotions, to the point where they express absolutely none, and to live lives guided solely by logic," Sherlock said. "Impossible, of course."
"Well, what's the healthy standard for a Vulcan adult?"
"Shut up!"
"So patch it up then," he said irritably.
Sherlock wants to shake his hand.
"Really?" Sherlock asked, as if genuinely stunned. "Because I seem to remember being told that emotions actually run deeper within our race."
There was nothing extraordinary about it, except that it was the most beautiful and extraordinary thing Sherlock had ever experienced.
"An astute observation," Sherlock said dryly.
Sherlock lifted up slightly, as if to study him, though John knew for a fact that he couldn't be more than a vague shape in the dark, his face completely obscured. "You are possibly the most interesting person I've ever met. And I knew a woman in the Canadian maritimes who would garrote people and then tan their skin into leather and sell it in a street market."
He ducked into an alleyway just in time to see the madman accost the vehicle and start screaming at its passenger. John's blood was positively thrumming through his veins, fuck. This was
"I can read the minds of those around me. However, I maintain strong mental shields to prevent this from happening. I don't read anyone's thoughts on accident, or without consent," he said. "And before you ask, no, I don't use it on cases."
"I know."
"Couldn't Harry help?"
"Oy," Lestrade said. "Tell 'em what you have so far."
t'kaul'ama = apostate
Sherlock stared at him blandly. John straightened.
He ditches his ridiculous scarf and press badge in a nearby closet and steals the man’s dust suit. His bulking camera bag is emptied out, the steel briefcase luckily fitting right in all on its own.
He hefted up his medical bag onto the coffee table and began the examination. He took her pulse, blood pressure, temperature, height and weight measurements, and a blood sample. He asked about the typical Vulcan diet and how she had been coping since coming to Earth. He told her to buy vitamin-D and copper supplements to take every day. He asked about life expectancy and preventative medicine and internal organ structures.
"Don't suppose you have a rough profile or anything, do you?"
John cackled. "You were wrong!"
John caught him by the arm and pulled him backwards, spinning him around to give himself a tight grip on his waist. He marched Sherlock back to the bed and threw him down on it, cocked his gun and aimed.
"We don't kill people, for one."
"You don't get it," he said. "I do feel things, yes, but I'm not supposed to. I let my emotions drive me. It's illogical. I am v'tosh ka'tur, a t'kaul'ama. I am considered a disgrace to my people and my entire planet."
The queen stared at him. Sweat prickled down the back of his neck.
"It's sunset. Time for iftar."
He extracted a pint of green blood from Sycropt and transfused it into Srl-- Sherlock. The entire process was stiflingly silent.
he said. "Your bodies are supposed to be getting a lot more sunlight. That's what the vitamin-D supplement is for. You can just buy that over the counter, don't need a prescription or anything. A copper supplement will be a tad harder to come by. It'd be easier to  just adjust your diets instead. Uh, some foods to eat: liver--"
"My brother wants to force me to marry."
"No, I'm not. I'm bisexual." His face slowly morphed into a gleeful grin. "Oh my God! You didn't know?"
dear god. John apologizes for even suggesting the idea once he's done.
"Oh. Oh! God. I was-- I was joking. You really...?" He cleared his throat. "Alright. So what exactly happens, medically?"
"No it isn't. That's not even possible."
"I can't see in this dark."
serial--"
The person to be arriving back in the carriage was none other than Crown Prince Mycroft, aged fifteen, returning from his solo tour of the countryside that would be his one day. He had been sent off by his father to spend a year travelling Nyrity, familiarizing himself with its cities and noble courts-- even its smaller farming towns had not escaped notice.
"I don't know, get a flatshare or something?"
"What was all that about?" John asked after Mycroft had left the flat.
The forensic tech's eyes had widened, his entire body rose up a bit, and he'd bitten his lip, hard, drawing in a silent breath that surely only Sherlock noticed. He smoothed his face back into placidity a second later, but the understated tension had never left his frame.
Sherlock shook his head. "The last victim was a sixteen-year-old stabbed 31 times, about 20 of which were post-mortem. This man has killed before in some legal capacity, got hooked on the sensation, and now he's chasing that feeling wherever he can. He misses it. He'll never have enough."
He forced himself not to recoil. If he did, then John was way past exposed at this point, and may as well continue treating his patient.
He'd made some pitiful excuse and scurried out. The others seemed to buy it. Or at least, they didn't think it was
"No," he said. "No, you haven't. If you're an alien, then how come you look just like a human? Hm? The only difference is green blood?"
Things sped up over the next two and a half weeks.
"Oi," Lestrade said. "Care to share with the class?"
"So," John said, the tension fragile as glass. "How come you don't have the, uh-- the ears?"
"Our species is driven to... mate, repeatedly, over a course of several days."
"On second thought, don't eat liver. Um, oysters, spirulina, shiitake mushrooms, pretty much any nuts or seeds, especially sunflower seeds, leafy greens, lobster-- though that's also not an option, you shouldn't be eating meat-- and dark chocolate."
Mycroft is waitingfor them when they get back to 221B.
"Finally," the cabbie said. "We been stopped for ten minutes now! You two can stare into each other's eyes inside; pay up and get the fuck outta my cab!"
That’s the thing about holiday hits: no one even looks for you if you time it right. An important businessman can leave his office on December 23, not be heard of for weeks after, and no one’ll suspect a thing until his posh country neighbors report a strange smell.
He shrugged. "It's high."
John doesn't always sympathize with his clients. Hell, sometimes he flat-out disagrees with their motives. But just from what he's read online, this Holmes bloke seems like the most annoying arse to ever have been born. He gets it.
Tonight, he decides. He'll kill him tonight.
Sherlock went into a restaurant, shook hands with the owner, sat at the table by the window and refused a menu. John decided to conveniently fail at hailing cabs across the street, and get distracted by his phone whenever one came too close.
"Sherlock!" John hisses, skidding to a stop and whirling around. No sign of him.
"Right," John said, standing up. "Right, I'm calling your mum. And Mycroft. And I'm giving you all physicals and I'm going to create my own bloody baseline."
"Hold that," he commanded tersely, and went over to grab the wood. He came back quickly enough and set about tying up and twisting off a tourniquet, effectively staunching the arterial blood flow.
He and Harry bickered and shoved at each other, lightly, quietly. Their mother rolled aching joints and pinched her eyes shut, strain obvious in her features.
"No it doesn't."
John heard footsteps approaching behind him, and turned to see the royal family approach: the queen, her consort, and little Prince Sherlock, no older than Oweyn himself. John immediately straightened, fixing his eyes on the road before him, and brushed Masse's hand to get her attention. Her eyes widened, and she hurriedly whispered something in her brother's ear before they both straightened in imitation of John.
"I see the potential, yeah," he said uncomfortably. "What if it had all gone wrong somewhere? When I first enlisted? You said yourself I got hooked on the feeling, just like the killer did. That even now, this running around with you, is trying to recapture that. My 'legal outlet.'"
Marcel,” Sherlock greets him. “Thanks a lot for your message. Has anybody arrived yet?”
“You’re worried,” he stated plainly. “And you’re angry at yourself for not spotting Moran when he was trailing you.”
Thus September turns into October, which brings staff increases at Bletchley Park and an ever greater involvement of the US in the war, even though they haven’t officially declared it yet. News from the Eastern Front become more and more dire, with rumours of German atrocities committed in Kiev and elsewhere. In Mid-October, the United States suffer the first military casualties of the war when one of their destroyers is torpedoed by a German submarine off the coast of Iceland. Sherlock and John have a long conversation with Molly the day news of the attack have made the round in Hut 8. Molly, having settled quickly and successfully into her new role as a codebreaker, remembers having decoded messages that hinted at that very attack being imminent.
Trevor heaves an exaggerated sigh. “You really haven’t changed, have you? Still pretending to be a genius.”
The corners of Victor’s mouth twitch in a faint smile. “Yes, that sounds like him.”
Sherlock exchanges a quick glance with John who fights down a grin. “Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective. I was asked by Detective Inspector Lestrade over there to investigate these ‘serial suicides’,” explains Sherlock, “and found out that all of the previous victims had ridden cabs to their final destination. It was just a question of finding the right cabbie.”
Drawing back, he released John’s hand. Stepping back, he nodded at John, indicating Moran. “Dr. Watson, would you do me the favour of examining the body to determine the exact cause and time of death?"
To his chagrin, John can’t stick around to listen to Sherlock’s explanation – if ever he even gave one – because he has to make this way to the starting area. Soo Lin is waiting there with his bike. She grins at him. “Good luck, John. Enjoy your ride.”
“Who indeed, sergeant. I would hazard that you’ll learn more about the man’s shady background once you’ve spoken with D.I. Lestrade. As for him being a spy, it’s a valid possibility.”
“I see him as a threat,” returned Sherlock grimly. Looking at him, his stern, thoughtful, worried expression, John thought he understood.
Well, this is it. It took me a bit longer to write this story than I'd anticipated. Huge thanks to everybody who followed it and left kudos and comments, and particularly to rifleman_s for brilliant beta-services. I have plans for a sequel (a case-fic set in the Lake District) that will shed more light on John's issues and also follow the boys' developing relationship. But first I'd like to finish
Of course
On a sudden impulse, Sherlock snakes an arm under John’s body and draws him close so that his head rests on Sherlock’s shoulder and his mouth almost touches his throat. At first, John seems surprised, before he relaxes completely against Sherlock with a long sigh. Sherlock leans in and presses a kiss to his forehead. “Not hopeless,” he tells John softly, at which the latter smiles and mutters, “Good.”
John nods thoughtfully. “You’re clean now, though?” he wants to know.
The detective gave a nod. “Nice and slow?” he asked, and John was relieved to see a spark of humour in his eyes. “Always going extremes, are we?”
“I’m wearing the most ugly and ridiculous cycling jersey imaginable because you thought it’d be a good idea. Not sure I should trust you in matters of fashion. But okay, this jacket then.”
“They were all wearing these costumes,” said Sherlock he perused the flyer. “Too late for the period the music they’re playing today is from, but apparently they also do later pieces. Unfortunately, we won’t be around anymore when the Festival is on.”
John nods thoughtfully. “Would it have helped had you attended a different school?”
There was a brief halt at Ashford at which some of the passengers left the train. John got up and casually strolled past the luggage racks to check whether their bikes were still there, but nobody had touched them.
Tiffany gazes up at him. She looks close to tears again, but fights them down, sniffs and swallows, and nods. “I think I’d like to go home now,” she says in a small voice.
“We are not just talking money here. Your career is about to end. What I have to offer would set you up comfortably in a life beyond professional cycling.”
Just when he is about to follow Kit and head towards one of their team cars for a lift to their hotel, he spots Sherlock. He emerges from one of the sleek dark cars parked nearby in a specially designated space. Sherlock is still wearing his cycling clothes but has donned a jacket against the cool wind blowing through the town. His expression is closed off and difficult to read, obscured even more by distance and the sunglasses hiding his eyes. To John he looks tense, though. Behind him, another man steps out of the car. He is tall, with dark hair slightly receding from his forehead. He is wearing a dark three-piece suit and an understated tie. A furled umbrella is hanging over his arm.
“I’m here, Sherlock,” soothed John, trying to sound calm despite his voice hissing through his teeth. “I’m here, I’m fine. Please, wake up.”
The words cause warmth to bloom in Sherlock’s chest once again. He bows. “Thank you. I first heard this version of the piece in a performance of
After what feels like age during which John has been melting under his unwavering gaze, Sherlock snaps out of his stroll through his mind palace or wherever he went. “But you’re not gay,” he states.
“It’s okay, I’ve got you,” whispers John. “I’ve got you, and I won’t let you go again.”
“When we stop next, you should put on another layer of sunscreen. You’ve more or less sweated or wiped off what you had on, and there isn’t going to be any shade until we’re back at Valloire.”
He endures it all stoically, showing neither particular joy and elation nor his usual disdain. To John, he simply looks tired and relieved. Sherlock endures two more ceremonies (one celebrating his stage win, and one awarding him the green jersey for the leader in the points classification, which, however, tomorrow will be worn by Victor Trevor as the next best rider), before he is thrown before the press and has to endure countless interviews. There is no ceremony for the polka-dot jersey because there were no classified climbs and mountain points in the prologue. Kit is awarded the white jersey for the best rider under twenty-five years of age, a fact he was unaware of until Lestrade and Donovan usher him towards the podium. The red number goes to a young French rider who crashed rather spectacularly on his way through Hyde Park but managed to struggle through to the finish, blood running down his arm, one sleeve of his jersey ripped off.
“Probably.”
Next to him, John hums softly, gazing out of the window, his knee slightly resting against Sherlock’s. Sherlock swallows against the sudden lump in his throat when his chest constricts at the beauty of the image. Then he smiles to himself and resting his head against the window, closes his eyes.
“If that’s true, yes, he might. Should have accepted him at art school, though,” muses Watson, gazing at Bletchley Manor with a grim expression. “It might have saved the entire world a lot of grief.”
“Croissant. A real French one, too, not the stuff you get at home. Eat.”
The constable cast a quick glance at his young colleague who was standing in the doorway trying to scrape mud off his shoes, then looked around the bunker. “Who’s Mr. Holmes?"
Instead of answering, Sherlock reaches for his hand and squeezes it. John bumps his shoulder against Sherlock’s, before they both resume their former positions, with a hand’s width of blanket between them, all prim and proper.
“That was thoughtful of you, thanks,” replied John, touched by Sherlock’s coddling. “One could almost believe that you have come to like the Suffolk countryside, and the people we’ve me here.”
“You don’t like him, either?”
Something glints in John’s eyes. The faintest hint of a smile, a warm, genuine one, tugs at the corners of his eyes. “Go on, then.”
he thinks, swallowing around the lump in his throat.
Sherlock shrugs, grinning as well, recalling the event. “Yes, well, that was a little revenge of her own, I guess. It was a bit ... embarrassing. And cold.”
, and two bottles of dandelion and burdock.
“I bet. Must have been utterly boring to hang out in a bloody closet when the other boys were out playing and having fun – particularly for you. You get bored so quickly.”
John laughed softly. For Sherlock, this was as close to a confession of love as he would ever get. And the other seemed to really mean it.
“Yeah, I can imagine. Eight years ... that’s so ...” John shakes his head. “If I were switched back to 2002 now, with everything that happened in Afghanistan suddenly gone ... wow. I can’t even begin to imagine what that would feel like.”
“Told him I didn’t date dopers. He was really pissed off, tried to besmirch my professionality, and when I didn’t rise to the bait he spewed some sexist shit about me. I threatened him with a court case and he desisted. He’s an arsehole, so thanks for this evidence. Something shady is going on with that team, and Fratelli’s part of it. You know I’m not a vindictive person, but a little late revenge would be nice.”
“I have to thank you, for giving me another chance. God, I remember last year, that strange day when it was my turn to watch you and make sure you stayed away from the drugs. I remember the awkwardness, how I didn’t really want to stay and looked for an excuse to leave early. How I broke down in front of you and despite everything I’d done to you, and despite having been such an arse towards you, you tried to soothe and comfort me. I really don’t deserve you, you know.”
Without radio connection, Team Speedy’s strategy for today’s stage might have been slightly different, too. The stage is the second longest of this year’s Tour with 229,5 km. Despite being mostly flat or even slightly downhill with only four rated climbs (two category four ones at kilometres 57 and 93, followed by two category three ones about thirty and ten kilometres before the finish and therefore predestined for attacks), the hot weather and warning of heavy thunderstorms in the Marseille area in the early evening promise a fast, difficult ride with a tight time limit. Team Speedy’s is prepared for either a sprint finish should those breakaways who will inevitably try to spring away at some point get caught in time, or a large group getting through and battling things out among themselves. The latter isn’t too improbable. There are a number of teams without any successes during this year’s Tour so far, and without much hope of winning one of the major classifications. They are bound to attempt wins during the intermediate stages when the teams with climbers or GC hopefuls are taking things a little easier in preparation for the Pyrenees and the first long individual time trial waiting for them at the end of the week.
Sherlock seems similarly affected, though, stealing glances at John over his instrument and ending his performance with a short announcement. “Thank you very much for your warm reception – not just of my music. I’d like to end this with one final piece. This one is my own composition. It’s for John.”
“John I-- you need to know, it wasn’t your fault. It wasn’t anything you--”
“Sherlock I-- I want this. Whatever this is, whatever you want from this, from us, I want it too.”  He pulled closer to Sherlock, branding him with his touch. This beautiful man whose synaptic firing could rival the spark of exploding stars, whose brilliant mind saw everything, observing and analytical, this man loved him. He had plucked his heart from his chest and was holding it out to John. John had never felt about anyone the way he felt for Sherlock. The force of the emotion urging its way through his veins left him winded and breathless. But he faltered in his touch, his brow furrowing. The thought was terrifying. He wound his fingers down to where Sherlock’s pulse thrummed, fast and hard under the skin. What if he couldn’t give it the care he needed? What if he dropped it? Ruined it, leaving it broken and bruised? What if he couldn’t contain the sheer magnitude of Sherlock’s emotion? His fingers wandered back up to his jaw and he brought his eyes up to meet Sherlock’s. His face lay open and honest, the fear written there for John to read… and the hope. It was that which finally tipped the balance over into certainty. He knew what he had to do. With that he took out his heart, offering it to Sherlock as he tucked Sherlock’s deep into his own chest.
I finally did it! It took a bit longer than I expected, I've been finding it quite difficult to write the last couple of days and I was ill over the weekend :(  Still, it is now finished!
“Sherlock, today with Ella, she wanted me to say some things, some things that I’ve wanted to say to you for a while and I never have, I never got round to it, I didn’t know how. I didn’t know how you’d react. God, I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, so I never said anything. And now it’s too late, I left it too late but I have to say it now. Sherlock I--” he faltered, breathing deeply, his eyes wet with emotion. My heart was in my throat. No! Not now, not like this!
“It’s ok. We’re in London. You’re safe.” The man looked at him suspiciously.
are doing
The funeral was four days later. I didn’t attend the ceremony. I couldn’t. And as it turned out, neither could John. I waited by my grave for him, instead. My heart was breaking.  I had seen it all in my line of work; love, pain, suffering, loss and grief and I hadn’t understood it; a chemical defect found on the losing side. Well, now I was firmly on the losing side, drowning in it. I could not even begin to comprehend the suffering I had caused the people who cared for me; Mrs Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, even Mycroft, his stature even more solemn than usual, as if he carried the world across his shoulders, and John. Oh John.
“John,” Sherlock breathed. “Oh God, your tongue-- your mouth-- Aah--” he swallowed thickly. “God the things that you can do with your mouth.” Then he pulled himself up on his elbows, looking down at John his gaze filled with curiosity. “You’ve done this before.” John murmured his assent as he took Sherlock back into his mouth, swallowing him down. Sherlock swallowed hard lost in the sensations tearing through him. The smooth cotton of the sheets dragged across John’s cock as he rutted against the bed, sparks of pleasure coiling deep inside him, flashes of electricity fizzing along nerves and muscle, dragging him to the edge. Sherlock’s hands shot out to still John’s head.
“Good, I love you Sherlock” John murmured once again. And then I felt myself fading away, the darkness surrounding me. John’s words burning incandescently in my mind, my last thought as I ebbed away
John stared down at Sherlock for a long moment, quiet and reflective. Sherlock had saved him all those years ago; showing him that his life-after-war did not have to be mundane 9-5 jobs and evening telly, crippled, lonely and trapped by self-loathing. It could be adrenaline and adventure, of late nights and racing starlight across roof tops. It could be exhilaration igniting in his soul and takeaway eaten in the early hours. And it could be friendship and loyalty and-- John swallowed heavily and he nodded his head stiffly as if granting himself permission. Here, now, in this tenuous place between wake and sleep he could be honest with himself. It had always been more than that.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Please,” He muttered, his voice dripping disdain “This case was so mind-numbingly mundane, did I really need to be here for that?”  He threw his hand up, gesturing at the crime scene behind them. “Do you need me to do everything for you?” he scathed. He needed to get out of here. He was feeling suffocated, closed in.
“Grow up, Sherlock. You know, we’re doing you a favour letting you come down and give a hand but you have to do the paperwork--
Always happy to meet new people!!
********************
I had disappeared to my bedroom when I had arrived back at the flat. I could hear John clattering around in the kitchen preparing food and making tea. A little while later I could hear the low sound of the TV. It was comforting.
John raised his eyes from where he had been staring at Sherlock’s hand on his arm. Sherlock’s eyes were so full of emotion; of confusion, wariness, a little fear but also realisation, affection. It was all written there and Sherlock was letting John read it.
“What’s your name?” Sherlock prompted, gently.
“Yes, I guess you should.” Sherlock said cheekily and winked at him, before he hurried away.
He looked back up at John, “Are you coming?”
“Actually, I just want to be alone right now.” John said, looking away, his gaze landing once again on me,”
The Detective Inspector looked relieved. “Alright, let’s go.”
on tumblr as a VERY belated Christmas present.
“Jeez, I’m sorry” John muttered despondently. “I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at that. “No, you’re right. I’m not. I’m a consulting detective.”
“John I can’t-- I feel like-- I think I am going to--”
The moment stretched out, spinning a delicate cocoon from the admissions that had spilled forth from hearts that could no longer bear the strain. It clung to them, like silk, as they succumbed, once again, to sleep. And the day rushed in, until John and Sherlock were bathed in golden sunlight. It dappled brightly on the ceiling, dancing cheerily, the roar of buses and taxis and commuters, the lull of conversation outside- clipped staccato blending seamlessly with a lyrical lilt as words rolled, eager, off tongues. Life continued on completely oblivious to the momentum of what was unfolding in one small flat in Baker Street.
“I know” John said, his voice breaking “I think I know that. I just wish there was more I could have done.” I moved my hand forward, covering his with mine. Neither one of us could feel it but it didn’t matter. At that moment, it didn’t matter.
John lay in bed. His hands were clasped loosely across his chest and he looked up at the flickering shadows that were dancing across his ceiling, in the half-light trickling through his curtains. He could hear Sherlock in the room below him, moaning and grumbling, ensnared in the claws of another vicious nightmare. John felt himself tense, itching with the soldier’s desire to protect and compelled by the doctor’s need to heal and soothe. The knowledge that he couldn’t help, that he couldn’t rush to Sherlock’s side and offer comfort tugged painfully at his heart. Each distraught sound from Sherlock, that wrested itself through the floorboards dividing them, sent a new wave of sympathetic agony coursing through John’s blood, keeping him trapped on this side of wakefulness.
should have seen this coming, I should have known. I should have-- I should have been there to stop you. Sherlock I am so so so sorry. I am so sorry” and then John broke down completely, his body convulsing under the weight of the emotion tearing through him, paralysed, unable to move. I wanted to leave but I couldn’t. I wouldn’t. And so there we sat for a long while, John curled up on the floor, amongst the broken glass and I, in my chair, my knees tucked under me, feeling lost and utterly broken.
“John--” I started.
“I’m good at reading people,” he said evasively. “You’re the captain, right?”
Slowly the kiss deepened, from gentle and hesitant to urgent and passionate laced with need. John sought out Sherlock’s tongue with his own, exploring the inside of his mouth, touching and tasting. They both gasped at the contact. Sherlock’s fingers tightened against John, clutching at his shirt, twitching restlessly. They broke apart for a moment, their hearts pounding, breath coming in ragged gasps. Sherlock pulled back further still, tugging at the duvet. John realised what he was trying to do and after a moment they were both wrapped under the covers and in each other’s arms. John muffled a groan as Sherlock pressed closer against him and he realised that he was aroused. His erection brushed against Sherlock’s as their hips rocked together. John blinked his eyes open and took Sherlock in; pupils blown wide, flushed skin, lips parted and swollen, he looked devastating. And then they were kissing again, frenetic energy crackling along their skin, like static.
John looked out the window anxiously. “God, what’s going to happen now?”
“No” John said firmly, putting his hand up and shaking his head. “Sorry, I can’t” his voice catching on the words.
“Okay” Ella said decisively, shutting her notebook “We’ll finish here for today, but John…” she leant forward in her chair to rest her hand against his forearm “You can call me at any time. You need to talk to people, if not me someone else. You don’t have to do this by yourself.” John did not look at her; she waited a moment before withdrawing her hand, allowing him to stand.
“What do they normally say?” John asked.
“Any witnesses?” Lestrade asked.
Sherlock smiled up at him “The name is Sherlock Holmes.” He turned to the cab driver “and the address, 221B Baker street”
“Okay, but this is the last time, Sherlock. From now on it has to be by the book.”
John risked a glance at the time and groaned in despair. It was nearly two in the morning! Where had the time gone?! He looked back at his copy of ‘Gray’s Anatomy’ and sighed heavily. The anatomy exam was just under three weeks away and John was starting to feel stressed out. He couldn’t concentrate! The concepts flitted around the outskirts of his understanding but he just couldn’t get any of it to stick. He let his head fall heavily onto the open book on the table with a dull thud.
Sherlock froze waiting in the silence that had knotted itself between them. Their unspoken confessions from last night seemed distant, ethereal and dream like. John nodded to himself, a decisive jerk of his head, and cleared his throat. The moment was slipping away from them. He had to say something, had to take Sherlock by the hand and lead them the rest of the way from friends to lovers. He reached out with his other hand until his fingertips brushed against Sherlock’s cheek, feather-light.
John had been having these nightmares as long as Sherlock had known him. It was obvious that they were related to his time in Afghanistan but John did not want to talk about them. He had deterred Sherlock when he had brought them up, initially more curiosity than concern in those first few tentative days of their acquaintance. He had made it clear that he did not want to discuss it and Sherlock had, reluctantly, acquiesced. But the nightmares had worsened. Night after night, John was torn from sleep panting and screaming, fear coming alive on his lips. It was starting to wear on him, whether he admitted it or not. He was sluggish and worn out during the day, using caffeine as a crutch, drinking copious amounts of tea just to stay awake. The bags under his eyes darkened with each passing day; deep purple-grey bruises etched into his skin.
“I can stay,” John said returning Sherlock’s hesitant smile.
Sherlock allowed himself to be drawn back into consciousness. He felt content and rested in a way that had been evading him for months. He kept his eyes closed, taking a second to enjoy the moment of peace; a kaleidoscope of sunlight across his eyelids, the softness of Egyptian cotton against his skin. He smiled, letting it tug at the corners of his lips. He hadn't realised how much of a strain the nightmares were putting him under. He slowly stretched the stiffness out of his muscles. Maybe today was going to be a good day. He took a deep breath and relished the whisper of it against his skin on the exhale.
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock repeated, lowering his voice a little bit.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked mildly, quietly.
I had followed him home, to Baker Street. I didn’t know what else to do with myself and I wanted to be near John. No, I needed to be near John. I wanted to reach out and touch him, let him know that I was ok, that it was all part of the plan, my brilliant amazing plan. But he couldn’t hear me, he couldn’t feel me. I had sat down in my chair and watched him, watched as the grief unfolded and watched as the weight of what had transpired began to suffocate him. I watched as he paced about the living room and I watched as he stalked to the kitchen and retrieved the unopened bottle of whisky and a glass. He slumped down heavily in his chair, eyeing mine almost suspiciously. He went to pour some whisky into the glass and then after a moment’s hesitation he rose the bottle to his lips instead.
“Please, please let me through. He’s my friend, he’s my-- Sherlock? He’s mine” he stuttered out, his voice thick with panic and grief. Dropping to his knees, his fingers closing over a wrist, feeling for a pulse, I knew he wouldn’t find, feeling the ghost of his coarse fingers grasping at my own wrist. He slumped back, the life seeming to drain from him, unable to hold himself up. “Oh God, no, no,” his voice shattering and breaking as he spoke. A nurse had knelt down beside him, supporting him, letting him lean into her shoulder. Oh God, what had I done?  The expression on his face clawed at my chest, pain and grief carved so deeply into his skin that his life seemed to pour out through the cracks, he looked as if he would shatter. And then everything happened very quickly. The crowd was cleared; a trolley pushed through, the body then lifted and placed, blood blooming across the sheet. And John remained kneeling on the ground, my blood saturating his jeans, his face in his hands.
“Okay, then let me just sit here for a while” she moved to sit in my chair. John stared at her in horror and she faltered.
“Of course… and thank you.” John grinned up at him. “You know, we should hang out some time.” He said spontaneously. “Let me buy you a drink or something, after exams have finished.”
John let his eyes fall closed for just a moment, letting Sherlock's even breaths soothe him. The frenetic energy that had been hissing and crackling through the air before had dissipated leaving John and Sherlock wrapped in a gossamer calm. And before he knew what was happening, before he could protest and drag himself to his feet, to his own bed, before he could put away the feelings that had been drawn out of him, the sounds of life that stirred with the dawn; the hum of traffic, the faint clattering from the café below, John was lulled to sleep.
I felt so weary, my bones aching, my muscles stiff, my eyes heavy, threatening to fall closed. Not yet, not yet. Just a little longer. The coldness had started creeping in again and I shivered. I did not want to think about what was happening to me, about where I was going to go next. The thought was terrifying and I didn’t want to leave John behind. Even in the throes of his pain and ferocious loss I felt safe and comfortable around him. If I could take back the fall, I would. I would find another way, but not this… never ever this. I squeezed my eyes shut, but it was too late to stop the tears from falling.
“Ha! No.” he laughed. “These,” he said letting his fingers dance over the top of his books, “are just a hobby. I’m actually a Chemistry student.”
"How many times before your massive intellect realises that 'no questions' means no questions?"
He grinned, and watched John relax out of the corner of his eye. Once again the words of the poem were penned in John's own hand, and Sherlock found he absolutely adored the personal touch.
His tongue forced it's way into the doctor's mouth and John moaned, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck, and tangling his fingers in the mans hair as Sherlock melted against him, long arms tugging at John's waist possessively. It took less than a moment for John to begin responding to Sherlock's aggressive attack, stroking along the other man's tongue with his own, and swiping steady hands along Sherlock's trembling back, but the detective wouldn't be calmed, and nipped harshly at John's lips, drawing another type of trembling from the doctor.
It wasn't that John didn't appreciate the company, Sherlock would make a welcome, if frustrating distraction from his sister's court case, and it wasn't that he really minded sharing a room, or even a bed with the lanky detective... It was just that..
"Keep going..."
Strong hands gripped slim shoulders hard enough to bruise moments before the good doctor spilled himself down Sherlock's throat. The consulting detective merely hummed softly, and swallowed greedily as the man above him gasped for air.
It barely seemed five minutes later when he heard the door open downstairs, but a quick glance at the clock told him it had been two hours. His eyes returned to his book, but he had trouble hiding his smile when his partner froze in the doorway, surprise on his face before he schooled it into a scowl
"No, Sherlock, this was your bright idea, so stop complaining and just go to sleep"
"What?"
The man in question tensed against John's body and John responded with a firm push of hips, and another tender brush of lips and tongue that calmed the argument Sherlock had been building up to.
What if John gave up? Fled? Moved out? Stayed but ended this, them?... Sherlock's arms wound round the Doctor and tugged him close, his mind supplying numerous occasions where John had reassure him that everyone else was unimportant, idiots, that it didn't matter what anyone thought of them... but the Doctor also knew how much Mummy-Holmes' opinion meant... to both her children, and Sherlock had seen the flash of panic pass through John's eyes.
Sherlock grumbled and she laughed "Honestly, Sherlock, sometimes I do wonder if you can read minds with that brain of yours..."
It was a gift, send in good will, and Mycroft suspected that he may very soon come to consider John Watson a very good friend.
"We need to go a buy suits."
"Under the sofa, Sherlock."
You're not still angry...?
"Dear God, you look so beautiful Sherlock... I want to watch you come into that sunlight, taint it with something far more pure, something far to good to be touched by the memory of that heat... You have a heat all your own Sherlock, and I can see it blazing inside of you every time you even glance at me-"
"Thanks Dan, you're looking well yourself... Keeping in shape, you intending to go back?"
Slow rhythm was lost, and their movements became erratic and their cries harsher, their groans louder, Sherlock was writhing, and John smothered a trembling yell with a firm bite into his lovers collarbone as his vision flooded with pleasure, his hands shifting unconsciously stroking over Sherlock once, twice and the man gasped out his released, the tightening around John drawing another groan from the doctor before both men finally relaxed, collapsing together, their sweat coated bodies sticking slightly.
His brow was creased and his soft mouth turned down and his eyes distant even as they sparkled in the golden sunlight blazing through the windows of 221B, bathing the doctor and softening him until he looked almost ethereal, and warm and utterly beautiful.
The wave of pleasure that flooded Johns nerve ending drew an involuntary flex of his hips as his grip on Sherlock's legs tightened and the breath in his lungs escaped in a harsh exhale that sounded remarkably like his flatmates name.
It contained a stunning black wool coat, a little shorter than Sherlock's own coat, and equally as warm. John was speechless and Sherlock began babbling.
"If that's all right with your, Sir..."
"You're heart is in perfect working ord-"
There were no pictures of the two of them shooting geese on page six, but there was a captured moment when they'd been getting the birds out of the hired car, and the looked they'd shared between laughing had Sherlock's breath catching. Page seven, Sherlock barely remembered the swans, but there they were, swimming on the lake as he sat in thought, and John sat trying to keep warm in the freezing snow.
"That's fine, I don't dance at Mycroft's meals anyway, it won't surprise anyone if I decline to again this year."
The driver grumbled some more at Sherlock's waspish tone of voice, and continued grumbling as John made sure the consulting detective was settled, but the driver did pull away smoothly and without revealing their destination which is more then either Sherlock or John had expected by that point.
"I've not heard of this wine!" John sister announced loudly, making the detective wince. He'd be deaf for days, he knew it, "What's it like?"
"I had the vest... if I hadn't done it, I would have lost you..."
"Very witty, you know I don't like eggs"
The consulting detective was aware, peripherally, of John shifting his stance. The Doctor would take the bullet if she fired, and Sherlock found himself gritting his teeth at the sheer stupidity of the situation just before his own personal brand of insanity stepped in to take control.
He wanted to beg, and make John promise he hadn't gotten tickets to an actual opera. Sherlock was perfectly aware that they held other shows here, but John didn't know his absolute abhorrence of those sharp unnatural notes... but his lover was nervous already so Sherlock merely raise and eyebrow, and once again allowed John to lead their way inside.
"And yet, this was what I was reduced to."
"Non-alcoholic, third shelf on the left of the spirits isle in Asda" Sherlock deadpanned, and the room froze. John smothered a grin, and Harry looked like she wanted to throw the bottled at him, but after a moment smiled .
wrong...!"
The doctor spotted a flash of surprise and recognition before Sherlock smiled lightly, and sent an impressed glance at John, waiting for the shorter man to lead the way. Their fingers entwined gently, and they moved across the ice covered ground carefully together, both sighing as they walked into the wall of warm air radiating from the opera house.
"My phone's in my coat, I tried calling for Mrs Hudson, but she's ignoring me again"
Harry went home in a taxi, and Sherlock could honestly say he'd never been more grateful to see someone leave. He'd take Mycroft over that woman any day, but he spoke not a word to John.
An extra ficlet I wrote for AtlinMerrick's 30 ways in 30 days challenge, but in the end it wasn't needed.
Snapping him out of his thoughts, Sarah suddenly popped her head round his door and smiled apologetically.
The first of December, John's money from the Army went into his bank. He paid the water, sewage, and his half of Mrs Hudson's rent, before digging Sherlock's bank card out of the man's wallet without drawing a flicker of attention and paying the electric, gas and the other half of the rent. It was normal now for John to simply pay Sherlock's half of the rent and utilities with the detectives cards, and as he finished he glanced over at the man lying on the sofa with his eyes closed. Sherlock wasn't asleep.
"Yes, Sir"
What sizes did you want again?
John frowned, and finally looked back at Sherlock, "Us, of course" The lift doors opened and he strode out, his back straight, and meeting every eye in the foyer, not bothering to wait for Sherlock to gather his wits. Sherlock would follow, the same way he would always follow Sherlock.
He turned his head to meet Sherlock's eyes over his shoulder when he felt the man relax against him again.
John. Are you pussy?
Things went back to relative normality, and life continued at 221B, except John began to notice that Sherlock seemed to have taken his rebuff literally, and barely made contact anymore.
"Sure, what's up?"
John slammed the front door on his way out, and Sherlock never admitted to him that he winced.
This Christmas would be perfect; he'd make sure of it. John would never forget if he didn't.
Life was good.
Sherlock's heart was pounding so hard that he was surprised it hadn't broken through his chest and by the time he'd climbed the stairs up to 221B, He was beginning to feel sick with fear that he might find John gone. His John. Gone. Moved out. Moved on. Leaving just the flat... cold and stark and empt-
John threw a punch, but Sherlock was expecting it, and spun them round, slamming his lover into the kitchen cabinets, and slamming his lips to John's, determined to make John see just how ridiculous he was being. Teeth were used, and they both tasted blood, and suddenly there was desperation threaded through their motions.
Sherlock huffed but kept quiet as John guided them up a shallow slope that levelled out slowly. Everything was unnaturally quiet for London, the constant buzz of the city was still there but there were no nearby footsteps and all traffic noise was faint and rather muted.
"Well, yes, dancing... What else do people usually do at Christmas dinner parties?"
John had dropped the topic at the time, had not questioned Sherlock further, but the detective was just beginning to realise that this puzzle of a flatmate had taken more notice of that brief exchange than he'd realised.
John had had enough. The local shop only sold milk in two pint's and that clearly wasn't enough for Sherlock. There was only so many time she could drink black tea first thing in the morning before he was ready to commit murder himself.
Resting his forehead against John's, Sherlock own breathing heavy and mingling with Johns, he put his own desires aside for the moment, and locked his grey eyes, dark with arousal of his own, with John's sparkling blue ones and ever so lightly brushed his long fingers over the length of John, palming the head whenever his fingers reached the base, and studying the contortions of pleasure John's face produced.
Sherlock snapped his mouth shut, and scowled at the DI as though the whole matter was his fault.
The doctor couldn't help but laugh.
For the first time in two months, since the start of their budding relationship, John slept in the bedroom that he rented from Mrs Hudson.
He hated being at the beck and call of ignorance, none of them understood, not a single one.
Sherlock gasped and his slightly concave stomach twitched, drawing a frown from the doctor hovering above him.
Crossed Sherlock's mind as Dan shook his hand warmly
The journey wasn't too unbearably long, and was mostly spent listening to the rumble on London life go by with Sherlock's mind stilled by the weight of a soft hand pressing his into the seat. For John Watson even small public displays of affection such as this were rare, so Sherlock relished the firm pressure of his lovers hand, trusting in wherever the other man was leading them.
"It's better than the living room wall, Sherlock" John muttered as they parked, and a tall muscular man erupted through the farm's main entrance heading for the car swiftly as the doctor and detective got out.
"John..."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"If you gave gifts more often, it wouldn't be suck a shock to their system's Sherlock."
"Hmm" Sherlock hummed, smiling a shy, tender movement of his lips that was new and endearing and it made John melt inside, just a little. "Still... I had to know."
"What?"
The first press of a finger was surprising, and like always the detective tensed, but John was already there, in him, stretching, flexing and then he brushed Sherlock's prostate and long fingers dug into the sofa with a soft whimper.
He made it home in one piece, despite the good three inches of snow that had fallen over most of the United Kingdom for the last few days, and made his way slowly upstairs only to find Sherlock missing. It took a few moments while he dragged his coat off and hung it up to hear the shower running, and John grinned to himself.
Umm … Who's grave Sherlock, and please tell me there's not going to be a body in it...
With a terrified, resigned sigh, John brushed down the front of the jacket one last time before heading down to where he knew Sherlock was pacing the living room.
But when John saw his lovers face, he knew this wasn't Sherlock angry, this was Sherlock furious, and the only person able to get his partner in this state was Mycroft Holmes.
Sherlock couldn't find a motive for Mr Osman to murder his wife. It was clear that they'd loved each other, that they'd been married many years, from their possessions and photographs happily, and it had stumped Sherlock. He'd, reluctantly, told Lestrade he'd have to think about it, and the inspector told him he'd need an answer within 48 hours.
Sorry.
"Reluctant awe, but ultimately irritated with me?"
"Like this?"
"Mycroft, you've outdone yourself this year."
He was so close to being out of the place and home for Christmas, but no, there in the doorway stood Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
There was something about John Watson that made Sherlock want to keep him happy, to make him smile, and that was why Sherlock found himself driving out of London after hiring a car, and eating lunch in a small restaurant in Kent, where they actually had to pay for their food, and where John still wouldn't tell him why they were there.
Sherlock growled before he noticed John standing in the doorway. He'd frozen at Sherlock's frustrated sound, and was now blinking at his lover, as he tried to catch his breath. Sherlock scowled at his flushed heated face.
"Very nice, John"
"Well you've just got in..."
John nodded, and rested his head against Sherlock's shoulder in a brief but warm embrace. He felt safe stood in the freezing Kent weather, wrapped in his lovers arms and Sherlock sighed into the doctor's hair before they both released the other and made their way slowly back to the farm house, merely enjoying each others company
John waited to see if Sherlock would finish, but he didn't so John sighed "When I wouldn't let you pin me to a wall and have you wicked way with me? Yes, because it was unnecessary, and for the wrong reasons."
"Oh for heavens sake Sherlock..."
Tea slopped everywhere, John was tense as a bowstring, and the adrenaline pumping through him had his eyes wide and his breathing rapid and shallow before his eyes focussed on Sherlock, aiming another bullet at the wall
"As long as you don't scream..."
The man in question was sitting perched at the kitchen table, his eyes plastered to a microscope, wrapped in that awful blue robe with his hair still dripping from the shower he'd taken half an hour ago, and John felt worry settle in his stomach.
So he had to wonder why it still took he breath away when he walked into a room and saw John in a new light. It didn't happen every time... but it happened enough. This time, however, was slightly more literal.
"Solved it, Mycrofts handling-"
Lestrade broke into their locked gaze, and the consulting detective turned to Lestrade and shook his head firmly in the negative
It had seemed relatively straight forward, Sherlock had flown though his deductions, almost faster than his usual babble of information, not even wasting breath to berate Donovan and Anderson, but Lestrade asked him for a motive, and it had stopped the genius in his tracks.
He shifted round in the bed till he was straddling John's legs, and was tugged down into a harsh kiss without warning, that drew a surprised gasp from his own cupid bow lips. John tugged at his hair gently, and nipped at his lips till he could gain entrance, twining their tongues together within moments. Sherlock's brain almost abandoned him, and he let himself relax into the security of John's kiss, begin to surrender to the strong control John was keeping bottled just behind the civilian façade.
“I’m sure it will. Thank you.”
“Oh?”
“Tea?” asked Sherlock through the door.
Soon after, when they’re sitting next to each other in a cab on their way to Brixton, Sherlock feels John’s eyes on him. When he turns to the other, he notices that John looks embarrassed.
“Ah, yes, of course. Stands to reason. I’m just so curious,” Sherlock tried to placate him, stretching in the saddle order to catch a glimpse of the site. “I’ve been to Sutton Hoo so many times and watch
“Right, try shifting your weight further back in the saddle, like you did for the tölt. You may need to … ah, okay, or you may not. Voilá, the skeið. Just let her fly for a bit.”
“He’d been informed by Kenworthy himself, apparently. He hadn’t been given our names, was told only that two men from Bletchley had a look through the archive. I did mention that it’d been us, but he didn’t seem to want to know any details about what had been looked at, anyway. I assume Kenworthy only informed him about the visit in general, but knowing that our names would be in their log books, anyway, I didn’t think I should lie to him.”
Mycroft studies him. “Interesting,” he remarks.
“Yes, this has crossed my mind as well. I have to tell the Millers when I get home tonight,” sighed Katie. “And have a long talk with Emma. I think the Millers should call the police, but the local constabulary … well, I’m not sure they can do much.”
“I don’t intend to stay long, as you are clearly in need of more rest,” says Mycroft. He has been travelling recently. Judging from the creases in his suit he spent considerable time in a car. Apart from his umbrella, he is carrying a narrow leather briefcase.
She tutted but smiled at the same time. “As long as he’s happy.” Stepping back a little, she gave John a cursory glance. “You look well, dear. Even got a bit of a tan. Had a good holiday, then?”
“Oh God, Sherlock,” hisses John when Sherlock’s mouth has left his for a bit and latched onto his neck. He is aroused, Sherlock can feel it. So is he. Perhaps he should suggest moving this to the bedroom before things take a messy and rather embarrassing turn. Just when he leans back a little to gauge John’s state, a knock sounds downstairs. John’s eyes widen in shock as he sucks in a breath. They exchange a glance, both breathing hard. John looks delightfully tousled from where Sherlock has run his fingers through his hair. His tie his askew, and his face flushed.
“Yes.”
They reached Liverpool Street Station with about twenty minutes to spare. While Sherlock bought the train tickets, John went in search of a Waterstones to acquire an Ordnance Survey map of the Woodbridge area. Unfortunately the bookshop was already closed for the night, so he just got himself and Sherlock a cup of coffee and met him at the track their train was about to depart from. Their locomotive was called “Rædwald”, which John took as funny coincidence and a good omen for their journey.
“The improved position gained you about twenty seconds, I estimate. You should have spent more time in the wind tunnel, fine-tuning your seating position.”
Sherlock shakes himself, readjusts the camera slung over his shoulder. “Oh, I just realised something. It’s not important now. To answer your previous question, I have an informant on the team, someone with a personal grudge against his employer – the team’s main sponsor – which I happen to exploit. Also, I have eyes and ears all over this city, contacts I established during my previous stays in Pau when it was clear this place would be an important stopover town with most if not all teams accommodated here for several days.”
laptop for that, though.”
Then addiction strikes back relentlessly. His meagre savings are soon used up. He becomes negligent when it comes to quality, takes some cut shit once (and too much of it), and ends up in a derelict building somewhere in the East End thinking he’s going to die. Mycroft finds him, sits with him during the miserable hours of coming down from the drug, assures him that he’s not going to die (yet), and that if he’s so bent on self-destruction, he should at least make a list of all the drugs he’s taken to make it easier for paramedics and the A&E staff to treat him. And then Mycroft triggers a reset by pressing two fingers to the mole on Sherlock’s throat. The switch back is just an hour, but enough for Sherlock to remember his brother’s words and make a list.
“I remember hating you,” states John as he spears a Penne with his fork. “I was so angry for so long. At you, at myself, at everybody. Did you ever tell me that you jumped off that roof to save the lives of me and our friends?”
“Never heard of that profession.”
Tiffany smiles in earnest now. “I’ve always wanted short hair. It’s much more practical in summer. But you and mummy never wanted to take me to the hairdresser to get it cut off.”
“Will you stop thinking and slow down?” came a petulant pant from some distance behind. Switching out of his reverie, John cast a glance over his shoulder to see Sherlock struggling up the slope standing in the pedals, his legs straining from pulling and pushing to catch up. “Or if you want to sprint the entire distance to prove you’re still fit for your age, feel free. You can wait for me at the pass.”
“Cheers. I’ll pay you back after the stage.”
“Go ahead. But be careful.” With some apprehension, John watched as Sherlock cautiously undid the tape that held the wrapping paper together. Inside was a stiff envelope, which he opened as well and looked inside. “Three sheets of paper, two of them photographs.”
“But—” John waves a hand towards the Warringtons’ house.
“About an hour. Are you hungry? Why do I even ask? Well, I am.”
Aware of Sherlock watching him with an amused but also fond expression, John frowned in concentration. “You’ll get there,” Sherlock encouraged him, the corners of his mouth twitching up in a smile.
“But why haven’t they been found out yet?”
“Let’s share. It’ll ease your throat after all the screaming.”
He made a move towards the coffee table where his laptop stood, but John held him back gently.
“Ah no, right,” spits Moran. “You went in directly for the hard stuff, didn’t you? Snorted coke and what—”
he notices.
“Yes. Mrs. Matthews’ stroke with the shovel accidentally broke his neck and thus proved fatal.”
Sherlock turns to him, takes in his expression, frowns slightly while a red tinge begins to adorn his cheeks. “John?” he enquires.
“He didn’t break his neck, for one, which indeed might have been a possibility given the steepness of the stairs and the fact they were slightly uneven. They used to be one of the greatest killers in Victorian and Edwardian times, stairs, did you know? Particularly dangerous for the serving staff. But as I said, the stairs were not to blame, although when he was found it looked like he had miss-stepped and fallen so unfortunately that he had impaled himself on his flower knife.”
“First of all you should discuss how to rearrange your familial affairs,” cautions John. “If you’re really heading for a divorce, include her in the talks. Make sure you consider her wellbeing in the first place, before your own.”
he has found between the sofa cushions. It contains an interesting article about a hiker who survived in the New Zealand wilderness for a month after her partner died under strange circumstances.
“Well, you’ve come to the right place, then, gents,” says one of the girls, smiling up at him and lifting the tray. Sherlock buys a packet of a mid-priced brand, which after a moment’s hesitation he dutifully hands over to John, who pockets it.
“They’re boyfriends,” Emma informed her helpfully round a mouth full of yoghurt.
John’s eyebrows rise into his hairline when he sees the short intercept. “That’s plaintext,” he whispers in wonder.
“Bullshit. You’re not a freak. It was the other kids’ loss that they couldn’t see your brilliance, mostly because they were conditioned by idiotic parents such as your aunt and uncle.”
John glances at the ‘manual’ again, his smile broadening until he is laughing softly, happily. “This is ... it’s about us.”
Taking a deep breath, he leans onto the windowsill. It’s been less than three days since they set out from here, and yet it feels like a lifetime. Has he changed, he asks himself. Does being in love, and acting on this feeling, change people? He casts a glance around the familiar books and other paraphernalia in his small room: his science experiments, the notes and drawings, the violin, the pickled animals, the plant and soil samples. All look the same, and everything still holds the same fascination for him. He had feared that surrendering to his emotions and, worse, his base bodily desires might blunt his mind, might divert precious mental capacities to mere physical functions. In a way, that did happen. But it was good. He enjoyed it, more than he expected. And he can still think as clearly and brilliantly. In fact, the world seems brighter and more detailed than before. His mind appears to have acquired a new focus, like a lens that has been cleaned, or a sword that has been honed on a whetstone, a Bombe machine after it’s been recalibrated. He is happy, he realises. He didn’t just say that to John to please him. He is happy, truly and deeply. He looks forward to spending more time with John. He looks forward to the continuation of the case, despite potential difficulties due to Moran being contrary and the involvement of the press. He even looks forward to resuming his work on Enigma on Monday.
“Yes, of course. Besides, I didn’t steal it. I ... commandeered it.”
John grins. “I know. Do you remember the last time we went swimming? It must have been before the Alps, that night when we met Victor at the pool.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “It’s too early for that. I need more evidence. What bothers me is that while both of us have heard strange and unusual noises off and on during the past few nights, neither of us has actually seen anybody. But all these changes – things going missing from our bedrooms, for example –, they’re not something a person could achieve by quickly sneaking into the flat while its occupants are asleep or in another room. Somebody removed half the contents of our wardrobes. They moved furniture around. That required heavy lifting, it would have made more noise than we heard, or thought we heard. No, this is ... weird. Someone – or something – else is at play here, and I’ll endeavour to find out.”
“So did Molly.”
“Not bad, Sherlock,” he says, “for a beginner. If you want, I’ll tutor you in the future.”
In the evening, after a bout of unpacking and generally settling in at Baker Street (again), Sherlock orders Chinese takeaway. Once more sitting at the desk, he slowly eats the dim sum and fried noodles while researching train timetables on his laptop. Jennifer Wilson is going to arrive at Paddington tomorrow in the early afternoon. Trains from Cardiff leave half-hourly, meaning there are two, possibly even three she could be on. Did she then take Hope’s taxi to get all the way down to Brixton – if that even was her final destination – or did she use the Tube and then catch a cab at Brixton Underground Station? There are too many possibilities, meaning it’d be extremely difficult to catch and warn her before she gets into the black cab.
Stepping into the living room behind him, John drapes his coat over the back of one of the armchairs in front of the fireplace and puts his hat on top of it. Sherlock turns to him and smiles. “The bathroom is off the corridor next to the kitchen.”
Sherlock puts on his coat and scarf. “I did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. And now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. I know you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a s— ... a brother who’s worried about you, but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic, more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”
Their going was steady yet much slower than the previous day, but John didn’t mind. Like this, he could watch the scenery in peace, enjoying the view into the valley, the houses of Saint Michel getting ever smaller with each bend of the road they took. Across the valley, the road to Col du Télégraphe could be partly descried. John smiled proudly upon seeing it snake up into the dark forest. Viewing the majestic mountain now and keeping in mind that it was only the little brother of the yet higher pass of the Galibier, he found it difficult to believe that only yesterday they had battled these mountains and won.
For once, John doesn’t complain about busy roads and idiot drivers as he makes his way down to Chelsea and Westminster Hospital. Concentrating on surviving the London traffic at morning rush hour leaves few mental capacities to dedicate to the haunting vision of Sherlock strapped to a stretcher in the back of an ambulance. That particular image has been branded into John’s brain the night Sherlock was shot, with lurid details added a few days later after he’d escaped from hospital, pulled the stunt at Leinster Gardens, and collapsed at 221B with his heart about to give out (again). Again. How many times has Sherlock’s heart actually stopped beating now? Two? Three?
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” he says at length, sounding and looking much older and wiser than his thirteen years. “There is no such thing as a coincidence. Everything is linked. And who knows, perhaps you were really given a second chance.”
“And she’s right,” adds Molly. “What else does this Hedwig write?”
“I could be ambidextrous.”
John studies his lean yet muscular build and tries – unsuccessfully – not to imagine him in tight-fitting Lycra, riding a sleek road bike. He grins as he turns on the shower again. “Cycling would to wonders for your thighs,” he remarks with a grin. “And your arse – although the latter is perfect as it is.”
With a sigh, John retrieved it and handed it over. Quickly, Sherlock dialled Molly’s number and turned towards the window.
“Curiosity? To see if I can beat you? You seem very confident.”
“What makes you believe they didn’t just walk it to the nearest road and there loaded it onto a trailer and drove off? Why would anybody keep the animal around after they managed to successfully steal it?”
“And then I got shot and sent home, and he was involved in that ugly business with the recruits, and we lost touch, and ... I was quite surprised when he actually showed up at my wedding. But I could tell he wasn’t happy – I mean of course he wasn’t, having been stabbed and everything. But I think he was sad having to watch me marry someone else.”
Despite the grave reason for this nightly meeting, John couldn’t help smile at Emma’s matter-of-fact speech and obvious concern. He longed to see Sherlock’s expression but wondered whether his appearance might be welcome. Apparently Sherlock didn’t want him to know how badly he was off. Eavesdropping didn’t feel right, but interrupting the little exchange, or simply returning to bed even less, somehow. Therefore, pressing himself against the wall, John continued to listen quietly.
Sherlock smirks. “Precisely.”
John snorted, glaring at the other. “Don’t let Sherlock hear this. He doesn’t think he and cute should be mentioned in the same sentence, at least not without a negation. At age four he apparently took down a woman for calling him ‘cute little angel’ by deducing her and her husband mercilessly. Which doesn’t mean he can’t be cute or adorable when he remembers to switch off his ego for a moment and just be himself. I will absolutely treasure the kitten shot.”
“Morning,” mutters John. Sherlock tenses, curses himself for it, and wills his body to relax again. He swallows. “Good morning.”
Sherlock nods. “Yes. It’s surprisingly ... nice. Different though from when Mike or Irene massage me.”
“I’m worried about you falling,” said John darkly.
“Five.”
“You talked about me. And you feel guilty about it, and so did he for some reason. Did he try to warn you off? Caution you against befriending me? Told you what a
“Well, we’re not done yet, are we?” Farnham objected. “We need statements from all of you, and the children will have to come in for further questioning if they’ve indeed been blackmailed by the three men, as will Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, and Mr. Miller. You didn’t know about your children’s doings?” he then enquired of Katie and Mrs. Brown, who shook their heads.
She shrugs, lowers her leg and draws a fold of the dressing gown over her lap. Taking up the hairbrush again, she says, “We’ve known each other for a while. I don’t remember where and when exactly we met. It must have been some kind of social event, and one of his friends introduced us. He seemed a bit of an idiot, to be honest. Both of them did. The friend, and Sebastian. Boastful, very full of themselves. Most men are, I find.”
“Who?”
This last statement touches Sherlock and dispels whatever jealousy has arisen concerning John’s interactions with the nurse.
“What is? Sex? You don’t understand why people have sex?”
Still, even if John is attracted to both women and men, the big question remains whether he’d be attracted to Sherlock. Sherlock’s track record is not good in that respect. Well, there is Molly who is infatuated with him, but Sherlock believes she is not so much taken by his looks and certainly not his personality, but rather his intellect. Which is fine. He values this attribute of his above all others, and of course it speaks for her as well. In a way, what she feels for him must be a kind of admiration, which is flattering. But she does not love him as a person, but more as an idea of something to aspire to herself. She is wasted in her current position, would make an excellent codebreaker herself instead of being condemned to working as a mere clerk. She is ambitious, and Sherlock and everything he embodies is something to work towards.
“You mean ‘enjoyed’,” Sherlock interrupts him, then gasps when John’s elbow digs into his side.
He has packed for a day on the Downs, and has equipped himself with warm clothes and sturdy shoes, a thermos and some food. He has also created a gift for Jan: during art lessons at school, he made a small dog out of clay. Wrapped in a scarf that he once got from Mycroft, the present is securely stowed in the depths of his rucksack. He has also brought a small gift for Ellie – a book about dogs he found at a second hand bookstore on Charing Cross Road. He hopes he’ll manage to visit her, too.
“Gwen has already warned me that you were going to show up here,” Remington greets them. “What do you want?”
“What did I say?”
“Yes, after the dratted dog had attached itself to my leg. It even was a similar breed, a terrier, but not a Dandie Dinmont but a larger one.”
“Stop worrying, John,” he rumbles. “None of those who has any chance of seeing us gives a damn about two men kissing.”
John laughs. “Oh really? Something actually slipped
“The style, it’s Art Deco, not Edwardian. The Edwardian rooms face towards the river, not the Strand.”
“What makes you think so?” Sherlock wants to know. He really does. John may be right about the PTSD – Sherlock believes he has recognised some of the signs himself, even though he prefers not to heed them – but his sudden bout of self-loathing doesn’t make sense.
John shot him a look and the detective stopped talking again, with a sigh, waving an imperious hand for his flatmate to explain, which he did with a smile.
The Doctor could actually hear his flatmate scowl. "what has that got to do with anything?"
It might as well have been a personal nightmare of his; especially when Sherlock growled and began mashing the buttons on the control console, drawing a sigh from his brother.
The detective's deep eyes were serious, and that he'd actually approved of the stage lovers sacrifice spoke volumes to John and he found has chest tight and his voice, for the most part, un-cooperative so it took him a long moment before he smiled softly and whispered a hoarse "Merry Christmas".
She glanced at Sherlock, and a glint that John recognised from his lover entered her bright blue eyes causing a chill to run the length of his spine, before she spoke again.
"I love you, Sherlock"
"Why don't you sit down, and we can all calmly wait for someone to-"
John swore.
"It might surprise you to know, but with my eyesight gone my sense of direction is practically non-existent, my best chance of deducing our location is to listen for distinctive sounds or snippets of peoples boringly mundane conversations"
"So I've outwitted the great Sherlock Holmes?" John asked, his eyebrows rising in surprise, even as Sherlock pouted, a sulk building.
Well don't let me interrupt
"I am tired Sherlock!"
"There's too many people, John, and it's only 9.30 in the morning... these frankly ludicrous crowds are only going to get worse."
Can you meet me at Barts when you're finished at the surgery?
They'd reached the house a good few minutes after the excited Dan, and by the time the couple had made their way inside, John's friend had already dragged his father in from the actual farm to meet them.
"There's a blanket"
Silence was his answer, and e glanced up from straightening a cuff link to find Sherlock staring at him with a look he recognised instantly.
The man's hair was pure white, and he seemed to have a perpetual scowl carved onto his features. This wasn't an army man, and Sherlock could see that this farm had been his life from the thin, wiry strength he had, that was the complete opposite to his son's clearly trained build. He wouldn't have been surprised to find that Dan's father had been brought up on a piece of land like this.
Silence reigned for a heartbeat as the taller man listened for his partner's movements. His breath caught and hope spread delicate wings when John took a step towards the sofa. This was right, this was normal; John would demand to know what he was sulking about now...
Sherlock, however, had taken great pleasure in laying out the six perfectly shot geese before the man and simply smiling, knowing that the man didn't dare say another word about his partner's abilities
A sudden longing for the tall lanky detective washed over him, and John could almost hear the deep rumble of his flatmate echo round the lift, "
"What do you two want now?"
"I am neither drunk nor deaf, and I am not prone to random bouts of illness so I suspect your taxi is more than safe for whatever journey my flatmate had booked"
"You... went and took dance lessons."
John shivered but it wasn't the cold evening air, it wasn't even the long smooth fingers wrapped around his hand, or the thought that mere hours earlier they'd been wrapped around another part of him, dragging mewls and panted cries from his throat. No, what caused him to shiver was pure hard terror. He was certain Mummy-Holmes was lovely, but he was just as certain that if she didn't like him, Mycroft could have him vanishing within hours.
"Yes, no that's fine, I'll tell him."
"Home".
On the other hand, the top of the range microscope with a number of additional features was a huge improvement over the one he'd stolen from parts five years previous, so he'd beamed at John, drawn the blush he wanted and thanked him, surprising himself when he began fidgeting, wanting to go and test out the gift.
"Well what else-!"
"Dear gods, Sherlock" John gasped, he was already half hard again at the sight of his lover like this, and sliding to the floor John wasted no time replacing his hand with his mouth, tongue swirling over the head and making Sherlock gasp, his head thrown back in abandon and long fingers clenched firmly in John's hair, drawing a moan.
They headed down the stairs, Sherlock with a bounce in his step again, and out onto the cold winter streets
"What?"
"You all right Sherlock?"
So what do you want?
: SHERLOCK
"Did you say 'Mr Holmes'?"
"But, I believe they call that an equaliser?"
Sherlock let his fingers trail along John's belt, under his jacket and kept his voice deep, low, his hands slipped inside John's trousers, the belt somehow undone and Sherlock's mouth trailed along Johns jawbone nibbling at his ear.
Sherlock twined his finger together with Johns and glared again, "Oh shut up John," his comment merely making the doctor laugh harder.
Through more than a few of his underground contacts, and one or two unsavoury characters who owed him favours, Sherlock had managed to determine that all four woman had been employed by a business that offered phone sex, which is why they'd been on the phone at the time of their murders.
"There's plenty of room, you're just sprawling"
When Sherlock arrived home, he found Mrs Hudson and John sitting in the living room, chatting a little louder than usually, and cheerfully greeting him as he walked through the door.
It took less time than Anderson would have liked to pull the box open and the silence that fell over the Anderson kitchen was chilling.
"John informed me that I make a ridiculous amount on noise with my experiments and violin Mrs Hudson-"
John tipped his head as Sherlock struggled to repeat whatever Mycroft had said, and suddenly, the possessive clenching of fingers at his body made sense and a cold lump settled in his stomach as the irony hit him like a piano off a ten story building.
A moan he repeated more firmly once he had his throat filled with Sherlock, finally drawing absolute nonsense from the usually perfectly articulate mane before him. John sucked and moved back from Sherlock's cock slowly, before lowering his mouth back over the man, Sherlock was reduced to whimpers and nonsense words, occasionally muttering Johns name, and all it took was a well timed brush to the detective's balls for him to cry out sharply, hips bucking, and fill John's mouth.
Finding his way with touch and tongue, John licked along Sherlock's long legs, and by the time he reached the mans ass, there was heavy breathing and John could practically hear the bedsheets being fisted tightly.
He was banned form doing so, and sulked through some awful film Harry had brought. Love Actually. Urg.
"Sherlock! For goodness sake slow down, you'll slip and break an ankle or something."
"SO!" Sherlock managed to interrupt the beginning of his landlady's waffle, "I'm having 221b sound proofed for you after Christmas, that should prevent my experiments and thoughts disturbing you sufficiently."
He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, filled with curiosity, but whereas he'd berated Anderson for showing interest here, the consulting detective trusted that John had something more than an interest in checking through the obvious draws and jewellery boxes on the dressing table's top.
Guns had been fired, and Sherlock had ended up with his arm in a sling. The other man would never be able to walk again though, and John had discovered that the budding relationship between himself and the world's only consulting detective had made him markedly more protective of his new lover, his partner.
John blinked, and watched Sherlock's long coat swish from the room. Had he imagined that soft murmur? Unlikely... but he wouldn't mention it, or the warm glow it had drawn. It almost made the sleep deprivation worthwhile.
It's in the grave. Go and have a look for me. If I'm right, which I am, it'll be open.
"What do you think you're doing?" he'd snapped, probably harsher than he'd intended, but Sherlock ignored him, and John took note of the smirk on his face, and a cold feeling settled in his stomach.
Sherlock even risked annoying his lover, by sliding his arms around the Doctor's waist in the back of the cab and nipping along the mans neck until he could feel John's breath hitching, but still John would tell him nothing of where they were going.
The Doctor knelt by Sherlock, and pulled aside the man's shirt, ripping buttons, and sending them flying in all directions in his panic, hard relief washing over him and covering him in a cold sweat when he saw the police issue bullet proof vest strapped round the lanky man. Swift, steady hands undid the strappings, loosening the pressure from the now buckled metal plates, and Sherlock coughed in a deep breath, groaning as he came round sharply, pale chest heaving in air that the damaged vest had tried to prevent.
It took less time that Sherlock had expected before he began to loose control of the situation; As soon at Johns hands started drifting up under the loose shirt the detective had been sleeping in, he forced himself to nip his way from Johns mouth along the man's jaw and mark the Doctor's neck with a firm bite, even as he pulled back and returned his attention to the man's heavy, neglected cock between them.
This better be something your phone auto-corrected...
Sherlock had never seen a point to this particular article of clothing before. The colour was wrong, the design ugly and unflattering, it was generally old and tatty, and of all John's clothing it was the most unfortunate piece Sherlock had ever had the misfortune of laying eyes on... but now he soaked in it and the effect it had on Johns scent.
The gift was more thoughtful than he would have expected, even if it did contain Sherlock's personal brand of humour. Dimmock frowned at the objects before shaking his head. Just when he'd thought he'd gotten those two figured out, they threw a curve ball like this.
"Are you angry?"
When the lips drew back and John opened his blue eyes he came face to face with Sherlock.
"John, you're being ridiculous-!"
"How long have I known John? Yeah, that's about right" Sherlock's comment rolled off of Dan like water from a duck and the tall man blinked surprised, and glanced at John just in time to catch his grin
Sherlock nodded, his decision made, and flung his coat and outer wear onto the coat pegs in the hall before moving into the kitchen. John shut his eyes with a small sigh, listening to the thundering silence when Sherlock opened the fridge to begin his next experiment. His lover's reaction just about summed up the whole situation, John decided when he heard a soft "ah..." echo through from the kitchen.
When the shop assistant brought over a selection of shoes, John was ready to throw them at the man, and from Sherlock's grin, he knew it too.
Sherlock took one slow step into the room and then another, and another, watching John for some sign that he wasn't welcome. When Sherlock reached the edge of the bed, John kept watching for a moment before shifting over, and the consulting detective crawled under the covers, shedding the damp towel from his shower and blushing at John's quiet gasp of surprise, thankful the colouring on his cheeks couldn't be seen by the light from the hallway.
Reluctantly, John admitted he did have a point.
Nearly an hour later, when the front door opened and John returned with a high pitched voice the consulting detective knew he was going to hate by the end of the day, the kitchen was filled with steam (better than smoke) and Sherlock looked a mess, (which was better than covered in food).
John shushed Sherlock's breathy moan and leant forward, pressing a tender kiss to the very corner of the detectives mouth, even as he let his hands roam lower, and tug softly, and agonisingly slowly at the other man's belt. Sherlock leant further back against John and the armchair, and bit his lips firmly while John slowly peeled back his belt, and his trousers and softly rubbed the rather insistent erection his soft, quiet teasing had produced.
Something Sherlock still wasn't good at though was reading John's intentions behind his actions. In that brief stiffening, John knew that Sherlock though he'd said he couldn't dance, so that he wouldn't have to dance, and a plan began unwinding through his thoughts even as the taller man shrugged.
"Sorry."
"I needed it"
The two men locked eyes for a long moment, before Dimmock coughed, and drew their attention. Sherlock sighed and threw down a small packet onto the inspector's desk, wrapped in bright Christmas paper.
"Nothing in particular, just thinking... maudlin thoughts really, nothing to worry about-"
"If you loose those documents, I will not hold myself to them" Sherlock hissed, his tone sulky and Lestrade snapped back to himself, grinning like a maniac.
The man cut himself off sharply and John raised an eyebrow. He knew Sherlock had been about to protest that he wasn't tired, and reveal his childish behaviour of the past couple of weeks, and watching him flounder for something to recover with was simply irritating.
"John..." They met in another kiss, the heat rising between them when John hooked a leg round the back of Sherlock's and pushing their hips together tightly, drawing groans from them both. Sherlock repeated the motion, shifting slowly and drawing out the sensation as he relished in the shudder that travelled through John's and the brief glazed look his electric blue eyes gained.
Anything
Right.
"You're not supposed to be here Sherlock, and since you weren't supposed to be here, It didn't occur to me to get a room with two beds!" John growled, wrapping his arms round the still twisting legs to still their movement.
Unwanted?
"I need to change" he almost growled, stalking past the woman and ignoring her insulted mutterings. Sherlock merely grinned as he heard John explain.
Case… well as closed as it was going to get.
"A goose! Oh isn't that lovely darling, You'll have to let me send thank you notes, that will make a wonderful centre piece for Boxing Day lunch..."
"Then you'd better take a holiday Sherlock" John responded with a scowl of his own
A soft, languid kiss stopped Sherlock's rant and made his body melt against John's, and the doctor kept up the smooth brush of lips and tongue until his lover moaned and kept his eyes pressed closed when John moved back slightly.
The consulting detective's strange eyes snapped open at the furious note threading its way through his flatmate's voice.
Omfg. I swear I wrote the words "a call"
"If you never found something to... to replace the memories, what kept you trying?" he asked, hesitant to ruin the moment, but the skin round Johns eyes creased as he chuckled, and pressed a tender kiss to Sherlock's nose.
With a soft smile, and a mental note to have his PA fire his exceedingly expensive private physicians, he turned to the large square box that must be the gift John Watson had not wanted to send on its own.
John I need you.
John sighed and the tone made the Detective pause and frown as John pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation
This was it, the day John had actually been looking forward to. The last line of the poem, but more importantly, one of the only ones he'd actually planned, and wasn't this planned!
With a muttered apology he swaps the plates and and proceeds to try and not fall asleep into his coffee cup.
Sherlock was already suspicious the moment he opened the door to 221B. The flat was spotless, cleaned, the information he'd asked John to find was neatly laid on the kitchen table, and Sherlock knew John was absolutely furious about something.
Sherlock's insecurities were well hidden and deeply buried, but sometimes they dug their way out. When John backed out of dancing at Mycroft's dinner party with the excuse that he couldn't dance, he'd given Sherlock's insecurities a ladder to help them escape with.
Fucking IPhone.
"Yeah about that" John chuckled and shrugged "You're with me, and Dan was part of my squad, that's the army thing Sherlock, not general acceptance but general trust in each others judgements in a person or a situation... there's no time for debate out in the field..."
"All right," John sighed "Send him in then."
"Ready, Sherlock?"
"Just under a week."
"There's nothing here Sherlock!" Lestrade's voice could be heard calling through from another room of the small flat.
"You did what?"
Of course not John. The bacon's in the fridge.
John was used to working on little sleep. When you're fighting on the front lines of the Afghan deserts you quickly learnt to snatch sleep where you could, and to sleep damn lightly. He'd worked long mentally straining shifts in a hospital for two years before entering military service, mental strain was nothing new. Physical exhaustion was nothing new, and John was very good at working through them... to an extent.
The doctor silently put the shopping away, he made tea, he could feel curious grey eyes on his back but he didn't pay them any attention for once, and by the time he brought the tea into the silent living room Sherlock was like a coiled spring.
"Our flat, Sherlock, and I decorated for Christmas, it can come down after the 26th of December"
As far as he could tell, noting was burning either.
John sighed internally. It was going to be a long day. He'd toyed with ignoring Sherlock's text that had been waiting for him on his phone when he woke up, but he wanted to avoid an argument more than he'd wanted to avoid Scotland Yard at eight thirty in the morning.
Sherlock folded his arms and sunk deeper into the sofa, only letting loose an utterly undignified squawk when John pulled him up from the sofa with the strength of a war veteran and literally dragged the protesting man to his bedroom.
"Yeah, well I was working, and suddenly the metal started fizzing, and then the whole bloody pipe exploded!"
After an hour and a half car journey of Sherlock's incessant questions, and extreme boredom, the fact that John had managed to not let anything slip was something Sherlock was grudgingly impressed with.
John groaned low in his throat, and finally put enough strength into his arms to bring Sherlock's hips crashing into his own, pulling his own pleased groan from the taller man.
"I'll get a soft pair anyway; they might as well be comfortable."
"In other words, Lestrade, I'll keep my mouth shut, if they do."
Sherlock only observed that John had managed to pull his shirt form his trousers when he felt the tips of the mans fingers brushing a line up his chest as he unbuttoned the fabric, and Sherlock groaned at the sparks Johns fingers left dancing over his skin, biting the doctor's neck firmly and drawing a sharp hiss and a sigh form the man beneath him.
Hmm... Well, I'm sure if we combine the two messages I could come up with something to appease you... Make it home in the next twenty minutes and I'll see what I can do.
Between the euphoric high of solving the case, Sherlock's heated glances and the dedicated attention he'd been receiving since they came through the door, John was never going to last long, and his rapid keening cries were swiftly confirming that fact.
That got the taller man out of the flat so John could take the delivery and have his stash of powdered milk hidden before Sherlock was back.
John simply shrugged, and they headed after Dan who'd already started leading the way towards the house, babbling something along the lines of introducing them to 'dad'
"I can't be certain you'll sleep if I don't, so yes, I'm staying."
John knew that Sherlock's Christmas present to him had been dinner, cooked for him so that they'd have a proper Christmas, so the last thing he'd expected when they sat down to open presents was a box shoved into his hands before anyone else had a chance to move to the small collection under the tree.
" and she nodded slowly.
He just needed to remind John of that fact.
"I said, not tonight."
"You're perfectly wonderful" Sherlock told him as they tried to regain their breath and John blushed.
The doctor swallowed and sighed "You'd better go and get a quick shower, and changed, I'll finish up here."
Mrs Hudson hugged him, a few tears escaping, "Oh you lads are the nicest tenants I've ever rented too!" she pulled back, and took in John's flushed embarrassment with a grin, "but..."
"I'd stare and watch and trying to find something, sometimes for hours, Sherlock... but even when the sun went down, or it started to rain I couldn't give up, because I always knew that the sun would shine again, and I could keep searching for something stronger... Someone to keep the memories at bay"
Mycroft sighed once again and leant against the wall of the lift, his umbrella planted between his feet and he simply let his eyes track Sherlock's movements as he began to pace the small space between each wall, his fingers entwined together, John guessed, to stop him wringing his hands.
The detective pointed to the single bird ornament that John had already tied to the tree and nodded "A turtle dove, not very festive is it John?"
"What did you put in this tea?"
"That's what I'm trained for, Sherlock" John spoke softly, calmly, accepting, "What anyone in the army is trained for, to give our lives to save people more important than us-"
Really John, would I do that to you?
"..."
"And as for you, the next time you text me for something like this, I swear to god I'll throw every experiment you own in bin, and disinfect the kitchen!".
Then Sherlock was laughing. Mycroft stood drenched, surrounded n water up to his ankles, clearly shouting at some plumber, and the camera man, purely by accident, managed to catch the pipe in the background exploding. It was pure genius, he'd have to send his mother a thank you card.
"Which is why you have your own personal shooting range?"
"Somewhere dark, and filthy, somewhere no one will dare come looking for us..."
Sherlock, sitting on the sofa, watching TV, with a pear sitting right in front of his mouth. The first line of the poem was neatly penned in John's hand writing on the blank page to the left of the photograph, and he studied the page for a moment before moving on.
"You wouldn't get another person to rent-"
But hope shattered as the doctor merely sighed, and turned, heading for the stairs and the shower... like he had been for nearly a week. With a growl that had John turning back to Sherlock in surprise the consulting detective launched himself from the sofa towards the sweat covered doctor, and pinned him to the nearest wall as he slammed a harsh kiss against John's lips, drawing blood and a surprised gasp from the shorter man that Sherlock took full advantage of.
... yeah"
"Yes, keep going"
John had brushed off her concern and gotten straight to work, but he'd secretly wished she'd turned him round and sent him home right there. He was so very far beyond tired now; he wasn't sure how he was going to get to sleep even if he could get the thrice damned door open.
Taking a calming breath, Sally returned to the second gift and eyed it. This one had to be from John Watson, and should theoretically be safe, but the doctor did live with Sherlock, and the detective had his ways... he could have tampered with it...
Deaf, Sherlock, don't waste your time coming down here!
John hadn't put the cups down yet, and now he didn't dare as he felt his face darken into an expression he hadn't worn since returning to England "You what?"
"So, where are me going?" he asked softly as Johns gentle grip on his wrists tugged him to his feet and the detective hoped he'd managed to smother his small smile at the exasperated laughter he'd drawn from John
"Hmm? Everything go all right at the Yard?"
The taller man leapt from the bench and marched out of the park, shouting a "come along John! Lestrade will want to know everything as quickly as possible!"
John's eyes had landed on the dressing table. Yes, Sherlock had been right, the man's partner would have easily spotted and questioned a collection of wedding rings, on the other hand, it would be the perfect place to hide them because it would be the last place the police, or a genius like Sherlock, would look.
He stretched out a hand to Sherlock and it was all the lanky man had been waiting for. Sherlock whimpered and let his long limbs move him to John's side in under a heartbeat. Despite the taller mans saturated clothes, John's arms clung to him like a vice, supporting the consulting detective as he shattered in every sense of the word; His body curling around Johns, one leg tucking between Johns, long arm slipping round the Doctor's waist and spider-like fingers tangling themselves in handfuls of oatmeal cable knit.
I'm going to take this ridiculous phone to pieces. I meant Pen.
"Sit down, have dinner, and usually get drunk..."
Holy Shit! I wrote the words "a call"
"Sher-".
"Yes, I think you've made another brilliant deduction there" John closed what was left of the gap and pulled Sherlock's tongue into his mouth, drawing an almost indecent moan from the detective. As they broke apart, John nodded as though coming to a decision "Yes, definitely home"
Not the sort of breakfast I had in mind, but I won't argue
'Course, cum and pik it up 2morrow
Harry, John asked me to text and find out if you still have your mothers old vagina he could borrow
Mrs Hudson began tearing up and Sherlock had a distinct look of panic about him, so John coughed softly, drawing Mrs Hudson's attentions to him, "and I know how you keep worrying about the health factor of Sherlock keeping body parts up there, so I'm getting a new fridge for the flat, our resident scientist can keep body parts in the old one, and you can stop worrying about what you're going to find next..."
"You planned this," John partially complained, "You even bothering with the case?"
John grinned and tugged a shocked Sherlock into the crowds of people without a sound of protest till they stood near the centre of the room.
"You send me off to find, useless pieces of paper, but you were already all over her by the time I got to the cab!"
"Worried you'd steal files more like..." John muttered, moving to the kitchen to make up the biggest mug of tea he could manage, knowing that Sherlock would be absorbed for a little while at least. In the time it took John to make them both tea and return to the living room, Sherlock was pulling on his coat
"So when it is then?"
Sherlock was lying on the sofa staring at the ceiling, glaring, as though their fight had only just finished, and John sighed; too early. He wasn't awake enough to deal with that problem yet. The first thing the doctor did was put the kettle on, and find the pain killers, and by the time he placed a cup on tea on the table next to Sherlock's sofa, he was feeling more awake.
"All right, John! I'm sorry I told Anderson how many times we made each other come last weekend, but he was more annoying than usual, and I didn't think that was possible-"
"I love your eyes, and your jumpers, and the way I can never understand you" Sherlock whisper, his voice wavering. These were things he'd never spoken, never planned on saying.
means-"
John had never seen Mycroft at a loss for words but he simply smiled at her. She seemed to have the same affect on everyone she met, not just John and even Sherlock seemed content to simply
Anderson winced at his wife's sharp tone and shut the front door sharply.
"Damn it Greg, he's bored and I can't take it any more; I need access to your cold cases, or I'm going to kill him"
Sherlock swallowed, he wasn't squeamish around corpses but someone being alive after that sort of damage was enough to test even his control "Then you may not have had enough to save Dan, it could have killed both of them... You know this, don't let a father's loss cloud that medical certainty"
John's hair appeared round the kitchen door way, a look of surprise on his face and he simply blinked.
Apparently, amusement had won. All three of them laughed, and finished the large pan of alcoholic Christmas drink the doctor had made, Mrs Hudson was eventually helped back to her room, by slightly more sober John, and Sherlock was also half carried to bed. The eggs went down a treat, but the rum in the detectives drink had hit the taller man like a tonnes of bricks and he was, quite simply, pissed.
it!" John was up and pacing as he cursed at Sherlock, still lying on the ground, his chest still bare, his silk shirt hanging from his shoulders, the buttons either missing entirely or hanging on via broken threads, and his dark hair a splayed mess as his breathing beginning to quicken. He could feel himself fighting a blush as John continued his rant, and his mind warred with itself.
John frowned at her "You don't know anything Sally, you just think you do" he shook his head, "grow up".
"What Christmas dinner?"
"Wait three more days, and I'll tell you ... I'll do better, I'll show you, but it's a surprise Sherlock..." He released the detective's hands and they immediately found their way under his jumper and John pressed his forehead to Sherlock's as the taller man sighed.
Christmas presents from Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. She could see it, coming from John, but Sherlock sending gifts? Particularly her?
Yes, unless the affected party got drunk at lunchtime
"What do you mean, 'not tonight'?" Sherlock hissed, clearly offended "Do we need to schedule this in your diary, John?"
"I didn't want to bother you"
John beckoned him over to the sofa and he took one last glance at the microscope before standing and joining his partner, where John handed him a leather bound book, the words printed on the front in gold foil said "The 24 Days of Christmas".
He ached as he stared at the front door of 221 Baker Street. Sherlock hurt. The case had been long, hard and dangerous. Far too dangerous for him to let John get himself involved.
"Oh my god!"
angry. The shower leant him focus, and let him cry without being seen. The tears were droplets, and the flush of his face was heat from the steaming cubicle. It was a long time before he moved, and exited, and he took his time drying every inch, scrubbing everywhere to remove every trace of the warehouse from his skin.
"Problem?"
It had started so simply; a run of burglaries, that would have usually been beneath the consulting detective, but desperate times meant Sherlock dived for the pathetic morsel of a case, and was almost grateful. They'd only started that morning, but by mid afternoon Sherlock had narrowed the list of suspects down to two, sending the Yard after one with instructions bordering on orders, and pursuing the second suspect himself, with John by his side. Which was when things began to spiral out of Sherlock's control.
"..."
"What have you done to my flat?"
He hadn't got a clue what to get Sherlock for Christmas, so this was going to be it, and whether Mycroft knew he'd given John the idea or not, the doctor had texted his thanks back anyway.
Egg fried rice?
"Well, we're in London so if we left now we could probably be there for lunch..."
he lost weight. The one that was unflattering and lumpy and made John look foolish.
Every curl of those slim feet, and drag of leg across a hip meant John was fighting a constant battle of keeping his breathing level and his hips still. He was so focussed on NOT thinking about how warm Sherlock's skin was against his hands where he'd trapped the man's legs from moving, that John didn't actually realise Sherlock hadn't spoken a word against his capture, and he didn't notice the smooth slide of Sherlock's hand as it brushed up his legs from the other end of the small bed.
It took minutes, light brushing of John's prostate to have the doctor coming over both of them, pulling Sherlock into oblivion with him and neither heard themselves shouting through the bliss cloaking their minds.
Shifting and grinding against Johns hips Sherlock dropped his head until their foreheads touched, and their heavy breaths mingled in the space between them
"Well, I got you both the same thing, so you might as well open at once" Harry announced brightly, her voice still grating on Sherlock's nerves and threw a small lumpy present at them both, waving her hands to get them to unwrap swiftly.
John simply stayed out of the way, leaning against the closed front door and surveying the pandemonium of mess the search was producing and the row between Sherlock and Anderson that Donovan was now joining in on. He could see Lestrade roll his eyes and slowly make his way from the other end of the flat to break up the argument, hopefully before it got any worse, barking orders as he moved which were promptly ignored by all involved.
"... I ran out of milk"
Silence fell as John pushed the door to the flat open with the toe of his boot, to find them both standing in the living room, barely a foot apart and almost yelling at each other. An extremely long day.
They'd just left Scotland Yard and John was already freezing. December 21st and there was once again a fresh layer of snow on the ground. Sherlock was, as usual striding ahead, but with the treacherous ice on all the pavements John was, for once, struggling to keep up.
When John returned from seeing his sister to the taxi, he stood in the kitchen doorway for a moment before speaking.
John grinned as Sherlock visibly relaxed and came into 221a with a sigh of relief. At least something had come from John's twelve Christmas presents. Sherlock was still willing to drink eggnog. Not much but, John thought as he wrapped his fingers round Sherlock's, any win was a good win when it came to Sherlock Holmes.
The cab journey had been taken in silence, the only sound being the obnoxious lyrics streaming out of the cracking reception of the drivers radio. John was furious, and Sherlock's complex mind hadn't yet quite comprehended the events of the evening...
The consulting detective rolled on the sofa, offering John his back and another huff of irritation.
When Sherlock got home all hells would break loose, but John was determined to win this argument. He was almost convinced he would.
Even as their bodies and mouths battled, Sherlock was using oil to prepare, and slid swiftly into John, and they both stilled for a heart beat, maybe longer, their furious panting the only sounds. Attacking became clinging, and the nails John had dug into Sherlock's back dragged down, raising red welt along alabaster skin and forcing Sherlock to arch his back, and hiss deliciously.
At that moment in time, he couldn't think of anything more perfect than simply falling asleep in the arms of Sherlock Holmes, the one man to steal his heart from his chest and keep it beating.
"Sherlock, if you have a case it has to wait for three days, I'm on holiday, I'm going home, to my wife, and there is nothing you can say that's going to stop me-"
"What? No."
Not sure the local does that one lol
She'd been just about to relax in front of the fire with a book and a small glass of Amarula when the doorbell had gone, and now Sally was staring at the jar shaped gifts, wrapped in bright shiny Christmas paper with a look of abject shock plastered over he features.
John continued speaking in a low rumbling voice between soft nips and kisses to the throbbing vein in Sherlock neck, and let his hands drift freely under the thin layer of the detectives shirt.
Wherever they'd arrived at, John was nervous, he wanted this evening to go well, and Sherlock couldn't have been more puzzled as to his motives if he'd tried, especially when he stepped out of the taxi to be face with the stunning building of the Royal Opera House of London.
"I am
"But I'm-"
The detective had let the first interruption go, but the second was getting annoying and he scowled at his partner, and began cataloguing his appearance;
To say he was shocked would be an exaggeration, but mild surprise and a hint of amusement were clearly present in his usually stoic face. Sherlock hadn't sent him a Christmas gift since the time Mycroft's younger brother had come home from university for Mummy's Christmas party. The events that followed were... unpleasant. As far as Mycroft knew, Sherlock still hadn't forgiven him...
Sherlock stared at the small strip of black fabric and raised a single eyebrow "A blind fold?"
Sherlock scowled at the interruption, but responded with a sharp "yes" before his flatmate threw something small and black at him that he snatched from the air instinctively
The doctors strong hands were fisting the bedsheets, although he was still silent, barring the occasionally whimper and heavy breathing that was beyond his control.
Really John, you shouldn't tell me this in a text, the police might find it
The violin wouldn't have lasted another hour, so when Sherlock had agreed to his desperate snap of "For gods' sake! Let's get out of this flat before one of us dies!" John had jumped at the chance. The temperature not being ideal for a walk hadn't really occurred to him until his fingers started turning numb.
There he was, the ex-army man, how could anyone, let alone someone with the discipline of the army trained into them, put up with the erraticness of Sherlock Holmes?
"Mother..."
"Dinner?" Sherlock repeated slowly, almost cautiously, a though trying to judge John's intentions.
"Bludgeoned over the back of the head with the fire poker"
"Dancing?"
So he kept whispering.
"Next week."
"Hmm?"
Oh, yes.
"The only thing not safe when you have a gun in your hands John, is whatever you're intending to shoot"
After a moment to regain some kind of self control, both men shifted at once, their eyes locking as John began shifting slowly in and out of his lovers' body, pulling Sherlock's legs to his shoulders and dragging a sharp cry from the man as the tip of John brushed against him once again.
"A complete waste of time" Sherlock repeated, turned away and marching from the room. John Watson, however stood for a few moments longer as though expecting the DI to open then gifts, only shifting his weight when it became clear that Dimmock had no intention of moving.
There was no more brush of fingers as they stood at crime scenes, and Sherlock made certain their legs didn't rest against each other in the taxi's, and when John tested his theory by dropping a soft kiss against Sherlock's lips, the detective has scowled, pulled back and muttered a soft but pointed,
My grandparents. How long do I have to keep this phone before throwing it away won't offend Mycroft?
"He started complaining that there must be some company in London who fix it, so then I says 'Look Mr Holmes, no man's gonna risk his life to fix your plumbin' and till you get whatever's in those pipes gone, you're just gonna have to put up with the floodin'."
John smirked, and watched the triumph of winning the game fill his sociopathic lover's gaze before he spoke.
His footsteps hit the fourth stair when he called out again, "Sherlock!"
It was cheap too, John though with a suppressed shiver, too bloody thin for the snow, but it was better with this getup than the bomber jacket.
Sherlock knew. He knew what the last picture was going to be. There were pictures of the ballet, certainly, but he was still unprepared for an outsider's view of John and himself pressed together in a heated kiss.
You blow me, Sherlock!
"Sherlock" John hissed, struggling painfully to remain silent as he coated the man above him in his release, the detectives name, drawled softly in pleasure was enough to shatter Sherlock's control without a hand being laid on him, and he followed John with a shocked gasped, and shudders that he knew John had to have felt, straddling his legs as he was.
I'm moist
Oh for...
He asked softly as he moved back to his desk and opened up the mans files on the computer system, indicating the Mr Lewis should take a seat.
It wasn't much, but it was the best he could do, and as he heard the shower turn off, John simply returned his attention the the rest of the shopping. His phone beeped a moment before Sherlock entered the living room, dressed, with his hair still damp and the Doctor ignored whatever the message was to study the other man's expression as he stared at the fruit on the coffee table.
"If there's nothing else, we'll be going?" John only half questioned, raising an eyebrow at Greg, but anyone watching could see that John was already propelling Sherlock out of the building by the time Lestrade had nodded his agreement.
"Come on, we're going out"
"You coming back to the station to inform Martin, Sherlock?"
Went for a wank on the beach with John, on our way now
"Oh right ... of course, look, Dan... I was just wondering if my partner and I could pop down for a couple of hours..."
The detective glanced around the kitchen slowly, thinking, before he swiftly proceeded to gather parsnips, potatoes, carrots and brussel sprouts to prepare.
It took Lestrade moments to snatch it away and carefully open the paper packet to reveal five gold wedding bands, and John risked a look at Sherlock again, who had yet to speak a word, and wouldn't have been able to over the investigative team's celebrations anyway.
"It's a Christmas present inspector, as is this."
"Thanks, John..."
"Why do you
He nipped at the soft skin of John's inner thigh, his body curving to tease the soft skin, skilfully drawing a soft mewl from John's end of the bed
He smirked at the detective's surprised expression and John's unrestrained laughter, before wishing them both a very Merry Christmas, and departing from the lobby of Scotland Yard for home, as swiftly as his feet would carry him and long before either man had been in a fit state to reply.
The question earned John a sharp scoff, and glance that bordered on a glare. "perfectly, this is exactly what I want to be doing, trapped in here with no way to escape my irrational brother and bothersome flatmate, what could possibly be wrong?"
The one that said, "Too late, you lost him...
"Sherlock-!"
"No way, she can't stay here!"
"You might as well eat, you don't have a case, and the food here's really good"
Now to face whatever Sherlock had done to their flat while he'd been out. John stared at the coffee, and thanked the young officer profusely, leaving without even stopping to see Lestrade, he'd have to remember to buy the Inspector something rather special for Christmas.
"Oh gods, John, more, please."
"What did you have in mind?"
With a new cup of coffee and a couple of bacon sandwiches, John had found an empty bench by the large pond to sit at while he ate. He'd not even bothered asking Sherlock if he wanted to eat, they had a case so he already knew the answer.
"Ms. Park says you have a chemical burn?"
"..."
He'd prepared himself while he'd made the detective writhe, and John was in his lover, held firmly by tensing muscles before either of them had expected it, and it feeling left them gasping. It always did, Sherlock was beginning to suspect it always would.
The man hissed as John gently brushed away at the burn with a soft sterile cloth, before gently directing the plumber to the sink in corner of the room and running the mans' hand under the water.
The fact that the doctor seemed to be rather smug was not something Sherlock was impressed with, so he settled with an expression somewhere in the middle, and tempered it with an edge of boredom as he picked at a chicken salad and gazed out of the window of the restaurant they were having lunch in.
"My emergency case, Sodium burn."
"Facts, give me facts, there must be something I'm missing..."
"Sneaky John, very sneaky"
That didn't mean he wouldn't kill him himself though.
Hot breath ghosted over John, and the man shivered as his lover grasped his hips, long fingers moving over his skin and finally dragging a long suffering groan from the doctor as certain parts of his body jumped in suppressed excitement, drawing a dark chuckle from his lover, and another gust of warm air over his now weeping head.
John wished he knew what was going through Sherlock's mind as he stepped out of the taxi and into the chilling night air. Temperatures in London were still falling below freezing at night.
"No, thank you, there was an interesting poison used in the case Lestrade gave me-"
"Thanks John," Sarah came into the room, and shut the door behind her "He's got some kind of chemical burn, and since you've lived with Sherlock for quite a while now..."
Bacon, Sherlock... you will tell me when I can get rid of this phone right? You're not just leaving this for laughs are you?
"We will be" Sherlock's deep voice cut into the tension of the room, and Mr. Peterson's eyes flickered to him with a frown before he huffed
"Ah... John, I.."
"Sh-Sherlock... what do you think yo-uurg" His question was cut off as Sherlock flexed his fingers again, tracing the contours of Johns interest through fabric, just firmly enough to be felt and drawing shivers of pleasure from the Doctor.
Although Sherlock had covered it with biting comments and scornful remarks, his high praise of John Watson's work spoke absolute volumes to Mycroft; Added to the fact that he was offering his partner's services to his brother, spoke of a gift more heartfelt than anything shared between them in longer than the older man cared to admit.
"It doesn't matter, love" John breathed gently, the words ghosting over Sherlocks skin like kisses, "I'm yours, you're mine and they don't matter" against his will, Sherlock could feel his shoulders relaxing and he released the furious breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding, letting his eyes close for a fraction of a second.
"So I complained the to client that the work's had been tampered with, he offered to pay me double but I insisted he find another company, money's no good after all, if I'm too dead to spend it"
"What-"
I give horrible head John, what do you recommend?
They began moving smoothly around the hall again and it took a while before Sherlock spoke again, his mind turning over the events of the last week.
