“I wanted to settle the bill, we were sitting over there,” he points to Cas. “We had two cokes, the birthday cake pancakes and cinnamon French toast.”
They went almost a full twelve hours without talking about school and Dean thinks they deserve pancakes and bacon (he would have ordered it anyway), but the conversation is back to Specific Aims before their coffee has even arrived.
Pamela’s grinning too, and offers, “It’s nice to meet you. He talks a lot about you.” She gestures to Dean with her head. Castiel smiles and Dean doesn’t even blush.
At first Dean thinks the guy really is upset about the root beer being gone. He even contemplates offering him his cup for one split-second. He realizes the guy is joking when he salutes him with his cup of Mountain Dew.
A lump instantly forms in Dean’s throat at the question. He fucked up. He turns down the stereo before resting his hand on Cas’ knee. Castiel doesn’t put his hand on top of Dean’s like he’s supposed to. He really fucked up.
“Sam! It’s me!” Dean yells over Sam, but his little brother is already tipping a beer over into Cas’ lap. And honestly? Dean is a little proud – he didn’t think Sam had it in him.
“About- About the dating stuff?” He had a hard time meeting Dean’s eyes, already almost sure that Dean had meant something else. Hot private school boys just didn’t fall for Cas. That was just not his life.
“If it’s not too much trouble,” he says looking up at Dean through his lashes, and okay, maybe it’s the Novak charm that’s irresistible.
“Benny called me,” Cas answers the unasked question, and Dean didn’t even know Benny had his number.
Castiel stops paying attentions again and goes back to searching for Meg. He hears her hoarse giggle just in time for course-delegation, and he just has time to be relieved she’s there before he notices Dean next to Meg, as the source to her giggles.
“Well, it’s not for lack of trying,” Dean says and they burst out laughing. Dean’s first words to both Charlie and Benny had been fucking
Castiel takes offense at that. “I can’t believe I’m going to die out here because of some cocky little kid who would do such a stupid thing to impress me.”
Benny looks like he’s starting to understand, but he still keeps going. “Yeah, Charlie said… I mean, no one was really surprised. Felt stupid, sure, but…” and Dean doesn’t hear anymore of what he says because of the ringing in his ears.
Castiel finally has enough and he turns to Gabriel, nostrils flaring and eyes burning into him. “Dean is younger than me, yes, but he is an adult, and a very responsible one at that. I don’t want to hear you speak of him with disrespect again. Is that clear?”
“I suppose,” Castiel says, the iron gate squeaking shut as he closes it behind them. “Everyone already thinks we’re together anyway,” he mutters under his breath.
Dean can feel Cas’ hard cock against his ass where it’s grinding into him hard. One of Cas’ hands lets go of his hip to sneak down his pants, stroking Dean’s hardening dick through the panties.
“I’m fine,” he pushes away from the counter to grab a cloth and wipe down the espresso machine, “Totally fine. I just spaced out because there’s been nothing to do.”
“Dean, please stop. I know you’re thinking you are undeserving but that’s not how I see it. Will you accept my apology?” Castiel asks in a no-nonsense tone.
Dean grabs onto Cas’ bicep. “This is Cas. He’s a total nerd.” He smiles at Charlie because he can’t stop smiling when it comes to Cas.
“So what exactly is the plan? You’re gonna barge in mid-show and declare your grand gay love?” Charlie asked, leaning over the shoulder of Castiel’s seat in shotgun from where she was sitting in the backseat.
Sam raised his hands in innocence. “Nope. If no one is cursed, except for me by having the room next to you two (you aren’t exactly subtle, guys), then I’ll turn in,” he said and left the room.
That earns him a chuckle covered by an eyeroll as Cas reaches behind the door, where Dean guesses they keep the candy for the real trick and treaters. He procures a full-size snickers for Dean.
They walk there. It’s not far, but it’s in the other direction from the other bars. The loud ones, where all the college kids hang out and get alcohol poisoning and chlamydia and whatnot. Dean got both last semester.
Castiel held his hand for too long and scowled at Dean for being weird. He didn’t need this. He didn’t need the distraction of a cute, probably straight, private school kid two hours, twice a week. With
“Mhm,” Castiel grabbed his pencil where he’d left it on the table and leaned forward to pretend to go back to his homework.
“Hey cutie,” she greets him and closes one eye to better aim the stream of sambuca into the shot glass.
Dean gives him his phone, “Yeah. We haven’t set the time yet but I think we’re gonna make a Facebook event. I’ll just text you the details.”
He gets pretty immersed in it, and barely notices Sam getting up to make coffee, nor does he really register drinking the coffee he sets down in front of him.
Mom looked put out then, and Dean almost felt bad, “You’re going. You’re failing two classes, and no matter how big of a part, I
Dean smiled at him then, “I’d have to be for you to take precious study time out of your nerd schedule to come see my show, wouldn’t I?” he asked softly.
Castiel is hit by a cloud of humidity when he steps off the plane. He immediately unzips his fleece sweater, one he was glad to have on the freezing plane but that he doubts he’ll use much again before the flight home in six weeks.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Fuck. Cas, come ‘ere,” Dean whispers now that it’s too late. He holds out his hand for Cas to take, which he does and they squeeze together in the middle of the boat as far from the railing as possible, which isn’t that far for such a small boat.
“It’s okay,” Castiel says to his plate and then musters courage to look up at Dean, “Do you… Have you seen a lot of my videos?”
“It’s very time-consuming, yes. But I must confess I rather enjoy it,” Cas had picked up his mug and taken a sip. They’d been a little bit of foam stuck on his upper lip and Dean had wanted to groan. He’d picked up his own mug of coffee and smirked at Cas from behind the brim:
Christmas passes like it does every year. There’s some snow that no one wants to go out into, too much food and more presents than were agreed upon. There’s warmth from his ragtag family that Dean misses every single day he’s not here.
At least a lot of their shared time is spent at the library. Dean thinks he could actually maybe take Cas' comp exam for him in a few months. (No, he can't, he's not sure he can even take his own).
“Fuck,” Dean whispers, looking into the water at the back of the boat. He closes his eyes and turns his head towards the sky. “Fuck.” He mumbles again.
Castiel is still propped up in his elbows, but he leans over and runs the tips of his fingers along Dean’s hairline, down his temple and cheekbone, cupping his jaw. There are many things he wants to say but he doesn’t say a one.
Castiel had grinned big enough that he’d bit his lower lip to reel it in and then looked up at Dean through his eyelashes, “I think I can fit you into my schedule.”
The mood changes the minute the door is shut behind them, Castiel pulling Dean’s face to his own, and Dean yanking Cas close by his hips. They stumble backwards, jackets half off their shoulders, until they reach the couch, tipping onto it as one, Dean on top of Cas.
A petite redhead in a tiny bikini waves at them from the deck of a beautiful yacht, soon accompanied by a short man with brown hair. The man has a white stripe of sun block down the bridge of his nose and is wearing a straw sun hat and bright orange wayfarers. Dean thinks he might like the flip flops.
“Did you really grow up here?” Cas asks. Dean has all his teeth and actually seems pretty caught up with the outside world. He wouldn’t say the same about everyone he’s met on the bayou. Nice as they’ve all been.
“Have you finished the flashcards for English?” Hanna asked, scribbling math problems in her notebook.
She was sitting on the floor, elbows planted on the floor between her thighs, and red hair coming undone from her braid. Dean wondered how much trouble she got in for that. Some teachers did not care as long as long hair was tied up, but Mrs. Naomi Engel accepted nothing but netted buns on the girls.
When Dean just lifted a skeptical eyebrow at him, he went on: “Even if I did have time, I wouldn’t have anyone
The cogs finally turn in Dean’s brain and he pushes off the counter he was leaning on, not sure why he’s suddenly so flustered, “Oh! A shoot! Right. Of course.”
It’s a Saturday morning and Sam is back from the gym by the time Dean gets up and they run into each other in the kitchen for breakfast.
The point is, he’s taken by surprise when they drive through the town and there are rainbow flags in all the store fronts. But he barely pays it notice.
He’s been walking for twenty minutes so Cas figures he’s still got more than halfway to go. At least he knows he’s going in the right direction. The laminated pieces on printer paper on sticks helpfully point wordart arrows in the direction, with a handwritten “bayou dock” above it.
There’s a thump like Dean is pushing a chair back, and then the door slams open. Cas is nearly hit in the face.
Castiel rolls his eyes. He doesn’t understand the game Dean is playing tonight. He cuts both Dean and Meg a slice though. He tries to focus on Meg’s reaction, but somehow his eyes drift over to Dean who forks off the tip of the slice, inspects the bite for a second and then closes his lips around the bite. He drags the fork out between his lips and Castiel doesn’t look at them. It’s just that Dean has a little bit of powdered sugar in one corner of his mouth, and he’s gifted with really great genes. But he’s not staring.
“But how do you know that?” Bela leans over her crossed legs, emphasizing her question. She’s sitting on her couch, a poker game spread out on the table in front of her.
The dork is already smiling when he enters the café that Thursday and who’s Dean to not return that? He gets a medium cardboard cup from the stack.
Maybe that’s why he says what he says next: “You don’t exactly work a solitary job yourself.” He’s smirks while he says it because it’s meant to be teasing, but he regrets it the second the words have left his mouth. They are nowhere
“Shut up,” Cas says, pushing Dean’s knee playfully. His hand lingers and his eyes ask the next question.
“Be nice,” he murmurs back, like he’s all composed, like Dean can’t see the sweat in his hairline and hear his labored breathing.
Dean finally puts his bite of pancake in his mouth, barely chewing before he swallows. He’s ravenous - he hasn’t eaten since lunch yesterday.
That just seems wrong so Cas helps him, peeling the fabric up his back, pulling as it clings to Dean’s damp skin. But Dean gets the memo and pulls it over his head, and Castiel gladly runs his nails down his back, making Dean shiver against him.
They just smile stupidly at each other. Dean is not about to kiss Cas in front of everyone and Cas knows that. He doesn’t mind; he’s not much of a PDA type anyway.
The parade turns out to be pretty fun. Maybe because of the three vodka sodas Dean downed before going.
“You sure?” Cas says it quietly and Dean has to let out a moan. Even when they do this shit Cas is never rougher than Dean can handle, he’s always just this side of gentle and making sure Dean isn’t pressured into something he can’t handle. Because Dean gets carried away and sometimes Cas knows Dean’s body better that Dean does himself.
Dean calls Benny, who usually doesn’t want to talk for hours, but he makes an exception tonight and they don’t even talk about feelings for a long while, they just discuss school and Charlie and football, and when Dean
The way to get in his good graces was to study ahead, and Dean figured that the likelihood of getting out of tutoring would be greater if he finished his homework beforehand anyway.
Cas goes to get rid of the condom and Dean follows his naked form with his eyes. If he’s going to go gay for anyone, then Cas is not half-bad. He’s kind of nerdy, but it’s obvious that he works out. As Cas has his back turned, Dean’s not sure where to let his eyes linger. Sturdy thighs, perky ass or strong back? He thinks he might sigh.
Dean pulls up to the curve with the window open. He whistles as he gives Meg a once-over, and Castiel suddenly remembers his mission. He quickly extends a hand to help Meg to her feet.
“No, I- uh… I’m just on my way home,” Castiel explained. Dean didn’t know that Castiel had been at his show, and Castiel suddenly felt shy and embarrassed at having to come clean about it when he hadn’t even talked to him and had just let Charlie do it.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Their waitress puts a credit card machine on the bar in front of them. “Someone will come down with your order. Your total is $75.50,” she says.
Castiel did look sort of guilty at that, “I’m sorry. But I promised Hanna I would finish the PowerPoint tonight.”
“Oh, 'out', okay,” Sam mocked. “Do you have a new girlfriend? Mom said you can’t have one until you pass your classes,” Sam said, and Dean could hear his stupid little brother smile on his voice.
Castiel presses his fingers into his hip, one hand tugging on Dean’s short hair. He keeps growling that Dean is beautiful.
They’re smiling at each other for a whole fifty yards as they spot each other and meet in the middle of Arrivals.
Dean moans and Cas clasps his hand over his mouth, even though if someone were to walk into the bathroom they’d know in an instant. But it turns Dean on anyway.
Dean rings the doorbell and pulls at the sleeves of his mustard yellow sweater. It’s just a few minutes before seven.
That comment has Castiel flushing yet again, and Meg leans across the table to look at Dean, “Are you now?”
“Well, seems like that’s not gonna be a problem anymore,” Dean says with a humorless laugh as he gestures around them.
“You don’t have to make an innuendo out of it but yeah,” Dean looked questioningly at Cas, like he didn’t understand the suspicion, “It’s not like we’re studying right now either, is it?”
Dean tries to swallow a lump in his throat that’s been there since last night. “Please, Cas, we really need to talk.”
It’s more like friends, Dean guesses. Because they have a lot of fun together and he wants to spend all his time with Cas and he’s always on his mind. Okay, so not like any other friend that Dean has ever had. ‘S not like he habitually sleeps with his friends either. Or is completely in love with them.
Castiel chuckles and after a beat of weird eye contact he clears his throat, “How are finals treating you?”
Dean refrained from rolling his eyes at the B minus comment. Seriously, what a nerd. “What’s so bad about your brother?”
“That’s adorable,” Cas says, chuckling. “We just spoke on the phone forty-five minutes ago. And you sent me a picture of what I think is your dick ten minutes ago. Of course, it’s hard to tell with how blurry it was. And dark.”
It continues like that first day for the next couple of weeks. Except for the fact that Dean picks Castiel up in the mornings. Dean talks at Cas for the duration of the drive most mornings. Reveals he’s useless without coffee and Cas starts bringing him some from the hotel in a tacky souvenir travel mug he buys in town.
Castiel blushes and swallows hard around half a fry, “I uh… It’s not exactly a positive social environment. I don’t have much in common with the people I work with.”
Castiel’s smile lights up the room, “I’m glad.” Then he smirks and leans forward slightly (and actually smirks! Dean’s ever only seen him do that on film) “Does that mean I get to kiss you again?”
Charlie gave him a look like she agreed, and before she could say anything the bell sounded so she send them a peace sign instead as she got up, “Gotta go. Devereaux won’t have a problem writing me up if I’m late again.”
Dean finishes his water and pours a few ounces of moonshine into his own glass. “You don’t have to,” he tells Cas, lid in hand. Castiel is busy looking at a stray drop of water that’s disappearing into the neck of Dean’s t-shirt.
He has Meg cover his shift at the coffee shop that Thursday afternoon while he huddles up in the reading room at the library, behind a fort of books and a 16oz. thermos of coffee that’s gone before he’s finished one chapter.
Castiel thought over Dean’s words but didn’t think his conclusion made any sense. Sure, they got along better now than in the beginning, and maybe they could even be considered tentative friends but it didn't make sense to Cas, “What are you saying?”
“Dean, there you are! I’ve barely seen ya all evening,” Ellen says as she pushes her way past two drunken college graduates.
Dean’s savoring it (psychopath) and Castiel observes him. His hair is greasy from the heat and near death experience today, and he’s peeling from a sunburn on his nose. But even so he’s the most beautiful thing Cas has ever seen, and for the first time in almost three weeks, Cas isn’t angry about it.
Castiel slowed down to let her catch up, “No. He does not attend our school. He’s from the academy.”
He stood up when the hunter got closer, and the cherub fished the appropriate arrow out of his bag, smoothing his finger over the heart-shaped tip.
Dean is lying half on top of him, a thigh between Cas’ legs, and he rocks gently against Cas’ hip as they make out. Cas is rubbing against Dean’s thigh, his hands so far up Dean’s t-shirt as they can reach. And why is he wearing it, anyway? He seems to take his top off at the most inopportune times but he can’t take it off for this??
It is only till next semester that the black car starts occupying the parking spot again. This time it is forgivable, as Castiel and Dean have coordinated their classes, and leave their apartment together most days.
When they leave Charlie turns to him and looks at him with kindness and Dean doesn’t deserve to have her as a friend, “What are you stressing out about? School?”
He goes on, “I know your job is hard. Please know that; I really didn’t mean to make it out like your job is easy, trust me. I know that sex work is
“Wait!” Jimmy says and Dean turns back around. He’s sitting on his hands, moving his feet under the table like he’s nervous or unsure of himself. “What-“ he finally looks away from his notes and up at Dean, “What’s your name?”
Sam barely makes it one foot into Dean’s room, before his head pops back out, “Dean, why does it smell like weed in here?”
He manages to keep it cool for 15 more minutes before he comes up with an excuse to go inside and finally check the message from Cas. And send one back.
Dean keeps going like he didn’t even hear him, and Castiel raises his head to look down at him, and the sight proves too much.
“What?” the boyfriend asks innocently. He looks at Anna, hoping for some defence. Anna looks uncomfortable.
Before Cas can ask about this mystery balm, Dean supplies an answer: “I make it myself. It’s a family recipe. Herbs, mostly lemongrass. There’s no illegal junk in it if that’s what you’re worried about. It doesn’t even have preservatives.” Cas side-eyes Dean, still not really ready to face him after being called out for staring.
Dean and the guy both turn to look, and it’s Meg, the she-devil. The guy turns to Dean, “Looks like my time is up,” he says, pointing his thumb over his shoulder at Meg and a couple of girls that Dean doesn’t recognize. He takes a sip of his soda and puts his cup down, before turning with a small wave at Dean.
They go to a joint graduation reception for Sam and two of his most valued study partners and friends, and there’s enough beer involved that Dean suggests that he and Cas sneak off to kiss. He doesn’t think anyone notices and they’re only gone for half an hour or so anyway.
Castiel shrugs and Dean takes the hint. The waitress can finally take their orders and soon after brings them their food.
“Hi queen,” Dean says and sits down next to Aaron who’s dressed as a mummy. He waves silently at Cas who’s playing Cards Against Humanity on the other end of the table.
The guy ducks his head at his misstep, "Right, sorry. I'm Dean," he sticks his hand out (which is as freckled as his face) and Castiel shakes it.
Dean smiles softly at Cas and pulls him closer, so they’re side to side, their backs to the window. “I ain’t going anywhere.”
Castiel is in shock as Dean helps him off the boat, and he walks numbly up the dock staring at his reflection in the dark office window but not seeing it. He waits in front of the jeep Dean drives him in.
“We took that shitty elective together last semester, remember? Well, he saw us kiss before class, and he asked me about it,” Cas explains.
That’s all over once they make it to the elevator though, and it’s Cas’ fault, really, because he’s the one who grabs Dean’s hand, lacing their fingers.
“I know! I don’t know, it’s just… I got caught up in it, and then when I didn’t tell you straight away it just got harder to bring it up, like then I had already made it a big deal. I’m sorry, okay? I know I suck at telling you these things, and I’m sorry you have to hear this shit from Jo and Cas and everybody else. I’ll try and do better, okay?”
And then before Castiel has any chance to react the guy has taken the last few steps towards him and has pulled the paper from his hand. He frowns as he reads it. Castiel can smell the guy’s aftershave and he wish he could just pass out into a coma for the next three years or until the guy has forgotten this encounter.
“Hopefully I don’t have to hear about how useless you are without it anymore,” Cas says and it doesn’t come out how it was supposed to. These things never do, with Cas. Dean mutters a sorry and Castiel winces at himself. And this happens a few times. Quite a few times. Enough times that in the end, Dean barely speaks to Cas.
“I don’t know, I was thinking Kansas.” Dean wobbles after the redhead who towers over just about everyone. He has to balance on the tiny heels and with a very heavy and thick pony-tailed wig on top of his head too. It’s brown and he appreciates the natural color, especially when he catches something piss-yellow out of the corner of his eye.
The glow from the lamps is so soft, and the noises from outside are muffled and Dean licks his lip before parting them, and it has Castiel completely mesmerized.
“I dropped my phone,” Dean admits, “It must’ve landed light down.” He takes a tentative step in the direction he thinks Cas is in.
Cas steps back from Dean to tilt his head at the asshole. “What the fuck is your problem?” he asks, kind of curiously.
Dean spends the rest of the day and most of the night locked up in his room. He tries to pack for his home trip for Christmas but he can’t. He mostly paces the floor with his face buried in his hands.
Castiel makes way to the couch and puts the coffees down on the table. He puts his hands out to still Dean, because he’s apparently still a wounded animal, “Wait a second, Dean. This is the Biochemistry compendium you printed earlier today, right?”
Dean smiles, “I know that. And I love you too.” he finds it hard to meet Cas eyes and to avoid blushing.
Been loving your guys' feedback, it really means the world for my motivation! I wouldn't be here without it :D
“Shut the fuck up,” he said, pulling the sought-after Henley over his head and turning to look at himself in the mirror.
They eat dinner the three of them together, and it’s not too awkward because Sam is laughing at Dean humming Taylor Swift songs and Cas is smiling that smile that means he’s amused because Sam is laughing. At Dean.
I hope you guys are liking this! It's not really turning into the story I pictured in my head prior to writing but I'm too far in to turn around now...
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says because while Dean was going through all of those arguments in his head, his feet brought him over to Cas’ table.
“She’s fine,” Dean says absentmindedly, “Can I make the lattice?” he moves over to the leftover dough and Cas finally notices that Anna has put the crust in the oven to pre-bake, and has left to mingle.
Dean faked an apologetic look before running off after Viktor. He caught up to him outside the lavatories.
Unfortunately the movie they chose happened to be some stupid 90's teen flick with in improbably plot, flying cars and dominating love story. It was impossible to pay attention to.
Dean takes direction well, and he moans, low and wretched when Cas circles his hole, enters one finger.
“Heh, got me there,” Dean had taken another sip of his coffee, eyes never leaving Cas’. Dean still doesn't know why but it had felt like the right time to ask: “So, uh, I know you’re turning in your Specific Aims in a few days… Maybe we’ll finally have time to get real food together?”
Dean grinned right back, and they sat like that for a moment: two motivated idiots grinning at each other.
Dean’s frown deepened and he held on to Castiel to keep him in place, “I know what you’re trying to do. I’ll have you know I got a B on the last test. And a 100% score on the preposition part.”
“Cas, please don’t,” he reaches out and grabs one of Cas’ hands and Cas finally meets his eyes, “Please don’t think this is something that’s wrong with
Hanna smiled then, “Okay. Do you want to come over tonight and we can peer review our papers for English?”
Miss Glitora Clitora is wearing a pair of latex hot pants and thigh-high latex boots and a latex bralette. His black wig is braided and he can feel it tickling the tops of his thighs. Benny – Glamorama D-Lite – is wearing something similar, and Abaddon too only in white. It’ll be good.
Dean steps back and closes the door again, “It’s pretty decent for how much rent is. We can cover it with my job and my brother’s student loans.”
Hanna turned to walk with him, crossing the street where the school buses miraculously avoided hitting any students, “Right. The tutoring. But that’s a good thing. We’ll get to see the show. I mean it’s Heathers, it’s going to be phenomenal.”
“And then when I’m watching you perform, I’d know you were wearing a plug, waiting for me to fill you up in its place,” his voice is breathy in Dean’s ear, and Dean bites his lower lip. Sometimes he thinks he could come just from hearing Cas talk. Hell, he has; that time Cas was away to visit his sister for the weekend.
Dean is cursing up a storm as the alligator slips under water, and Castiel yells at Dean to watch out. Dean turns to look at Cas, bewildered and Cas can only point, gasping for breath, he’s so terrified.
But if Dean wasn’t failing anymore, it meant that soon they probably wouldn’t get to see each other anymore. Not knowing what Dean had meant would be a regret that Castiel wasn’t sure he could live with.
And with that little tidbit of information, Dean suddenly has butterflies, because apparently, he’s a thirteen-year-old virgin.
People start disappearing around them, going back inside for the next movie, but Castiel is rooted to his place, eyes wide in surprise. “You were- You were trying for
“Well, I actually use my brother’s so I guess you have a point,” Castiel grins and picks up his glass of wine.
They don’t have much, just that one glass. But it goes straight to Cas’ head and he feels giggly and light as Dean goofs off like they didn’t nearly die together a few hours ago.
Dean’s not sure that offhand comment was supposed to be as hurtful as it is. He swallows and thinks it’s a good thing he didn’t try holding the guy’s hand just before.
Cas shoots him a look, eyes travelling to Dean’s chest and back. Dean tries to remember what he’s wearing without looking down. “Funny. I didn’t know you played tennis for Sacramento Charter High.”
Castiel smiled genuinely then, happy to hear about Dean’s success, “Really? You should have told me! Dean, that’s great.”
They get further into the bayou and lose the tourists. When the river branches into smaller channels, Dean makes the decision for them and they go down a quiet stream. The trees are close and lean far into the water. It’s less stifling in the shade from the trees and there’s a strong odor, not unpleasant but different that the
“In hindsight, I probably shouldn’t have come in my pants,” Dean says, with a raw throat, cheekily like he’s really too blissed out to care, and gesturing at his lap. Sure enough, there’s a wet spot.
They’re on their sides, Castiel spooned against Dean’s back. Sweat is cooling on their skin and Cas is breathing hard against Dean’s neck.
He barely catches the “Way to go!” on the other end before he hangs up and he completely ignores the “Guess I’ll see you tomorrow ;)))” text not thirty seconds later.
A few cherubs looked up from what they were doing - playing their harps, polishing their rosy arrows, writing poetry.
There’s some uncomfortable silence and Castiel really wants to say something. Ask who that girl was or why he’s staying on campus over the holidays, and since he is, does he maybe want to meet up with Cas? He asks none of that.
He turns the second Cas points, and before the alligator gets any further with that big mouth of his, Dean slams his hand into the water, right onto the gator’s snout, pushing with all his might, all the while pulling on the motor string one last time, and Castiel knows how fucking fast those monsters are, but they miss the gaping bite and barely hear the snap of teeth because they’re free! They’re free! And the motor is roaring as Dean turns the boat and high tails it the fuck out of there.
“Or Dean can pick you up and drop you off. Figure that out with him,” the man opens the back door to a jeep and throws in Cas’ suitcase. It’s Burberry and Cas can hear the cover being scratched. Bobby gestures for Cas to get into the passenger seat, and with a bit of momentum and a big lunge Cas manages.
Dean bit his lower lip and Castiel couldn’t help but to follow the movement with his eyes. “Cas, I like you so much that I did my homework so that we didn’t have to study tonight.”
“You moved from New York City to Kansas City because of education prospects? C’mon Cas,” Dean calls his bullshit. He’s not sure if he should.
That’s why he’s grateful that Castiel is a grad student too, and in a similar field, because he gets it. When Dean complains about his examination committee and the completely unfair due dates, Castiel is right there with him.
He realizes how weird and incest-y that sounds and offers, “We were really close growing up. He’s the only one who’s always… You know, he’s always been there. We went through a lot together growing up.”
Dean took a deep breath, “I don’t want to break up. I want him, and he doesn’t feel the same way. So I’m not sure I would. It’d be too hard to just sit there while he tells me that I put too much into it, and I was just some stupid kid he was tutoring to him.”
The whole thing had already been blown out of proportion, Castiel felt. He had never meant to make Dean feel like he wasn’t important to Castiel, and at this point so much time had passed that the issue had become bigger than it had to be. Castiel knew, logically, that it was just a misunderstanding, magnified in severity due to time. But he also knew that Dean didn’t know that.
Cas shifts to look over his shoulder at Dean, which causes his butt to come into view as the sweatshirt rises up slightly. Dean sighs.
Dean got home from the gym in the early afternoon on Sunday and entered the kitchen to find his mom making bread.
Ruby pours two beers and pulls Dean up, “here,” she puts them on a tray, “take this to them, I’ll make sure Mrs. Rainbow doesn’t see you slacking while you talk to them.”
“Uhm, oh god. Don’t hate me, okay?” he asks, biting his lower lip. Castiel doesn’t reply; he doesn’t get the chance before Dean goes on, “I did something stupid. I have this ex. We dated a million years ago, but we kind of… We- get in touch,” he says, not sure how to put it.
Castiel’s fingers wander under Dean’s work T-shirt and Dean slots his knee between Cas’ thighs, grinding into the man under him. He’s going for Cas’ fly next.
“Sam, what the hell?!” the older Winchester brother yelled, indignified, as he rolled off from straddling the angel’s lap.
It's the first Valentine’s Day that Dean didn’t spend hitting on desperately lonely singles while drinking watered down margaritas. And he thinks to himself that he’d be okay if he never did that again. That he’d be totally okay, in fact, if next year went a little like the one this year.
“He’s a grad student too,” Dean says, shrugging. He hates these kind of talks, especially with Sam because Sam’s relationships are
Dean shakes his head and gives him a death glare. Benny winces and gives Dean an apologetic look. Cas looks confused.
Dean grinned at the response, then shrugged, “Well, if I’m not headhunted straight out high school, I’m going to need to credits to get into Julliard, anyway.”
Charlie enters from the kitchen with a bunch of different colored pride flags. She smiles when she spots him, “Dean, hey! Where’s Cas?”
He knows she knows who he is, and he really does think he might have a chance if that darn frat boy to Dean freaking Winchester would just lay off. He isn’t even cool either, in spite of the frat bro status. He seems cool, with the backwards caps and constant minimum of three accompanying friends, but Cas knows better. He’s just a dork. And his lips are too full. Lashes too long. He’s too pretty to be attractive, that’s why Castiel stares. It’s not because of flattering sweatpants on bowlegs or the sharp cheekbones.
“Mom, seriously?!” he leaned onto his elbows and stretched his upper body across the kitchen island in aggravation, “I don’t have time for tutoring! I have rehearsals every day after school!” he plopped his hands down in front of him in exasperation.
Benny leans back and raises his hands, giving up, “Alright, that’s pretty sweet. ‘S it just the two of you?”
More time passes and Sam starts getting fidgety. He has probably spent all day doing homework, the nerd, and now his brain is kaput and he’s bouncing his long-ass legs in Dean peripheral vision and playing solitaire.
your thesis. Even if your aims are rejected, your committee will guide you and you’ll still pass the comp exam before summer,” Sam taps on his laptop, “Now what’s your login?”
Castiel can tell just from observing this now, and from last night, that this is a very different lifestyle.
“What?!” she looks towards the staff room to make sure Crowley didn’t hear her outburst, “Dean!” she whispers.
He sees Castiel through a throng of people, talking to someone. His skin in flushed and he’s laughing at whatever the girl he’s talking to is saying and the lump in Dean’s throat disappears. He thinks he really loves this guy and he just got Ellen’s blessing so there’s just one to go.
In spite of his mother’s ‘no distractions’ rule (and Castiel’s, to be honest) Dean had already found a new object of his affections. An object with which he was already spending 4 hours a week. The object just didn’t know it yet.
His fingers are warm against Cas’ back through his shirt, but it’s not stifling. Cas turns to face Dean and Dean’s hand glides to his hip instead. Despite the younger age, Castiel has to raise his eyes to look into Dean’s. All the other days the one inch the younger man has on him has irritated the hell out of him. Right now, he finds he doesn’t mind.
Charlie waves him off, over this discussion that they have every single time Dean is just one second late.
After dinner, when the sun has set and their uncle has gone to bed, they’re sitting on the deck outside under the stars with a handful of drinks, and Anna’s boyfriend whispers something to Anna when Cas pulls Dean in between his legs to wrap his arms around him. Dean doesn’t hear it, but Gabriel does. And he’s offended.
He’d toyed with the idea of an extra job. One with longer shifts instead of the coffee shop, or a night job. He’d even, for a second, contemplated doing porn, since Cas and Carmen were both the richest college students he knew. He had quickly discarded of the idea tough; he wasn’t cut for a profession in the sex industry. He knew that from the time John had been missing for a whole year and Dean had been sixteen turning seventeen and couldn’t feed Sam. But he doesn’t think about that shit, he’d promised himself that, he’d promised he’d forget all about it.
Dean grumbled something. He knew he ought to actually do the assignments. The book ones. He always did the performance ones.
Cas returns a short hour later with a stack of books and an unopened text from Dean that reads, “Thanks for the coffee btw ”
Balthazar seems to like Dean well enough too. He seems like the type of person who likes most people well enough, and Dean finds him easy to get along with.
Dean rubs his fingers over his lips in contemplation, “Sam suggested the same thing, but I don’t think Cas has any doubts about my intentions. I’ve been pretty upfront about, you know… What I wanted.”
Ruby rolls her eyes and stands back up, “you’re so dramatic. You should be Drama in the Spice Girls act.” Dean is Slutty in that act. Well, he’s slutty in every act, it had kind of been his trademark since that first time on amateur night.
“I just don’t get spectacle. Like, Dracula, right? Pretty straight forward, no? Old undead dude is looking for his girlfriend,” Dean shrugs and takes a sip of his second beer since he got there , “How is it suddenly about penis envy and wombs?”
“Cas!” Hanna yelled after him, and Castiel stopped and turned to see her running towards him, "Wait up!”
“I have another show tonight, this one with Benny. You wanna go to that too?” he dips a few fries in ketchup.
“You were gone this morning,” Cas says while Dean takes his place by the motor. Cas is sitting so he’s facing him. It occurs to him that he left his bag with all his note-taking utensils in Dean’s hut.
When Dean just stares at him with wide eyes, Cas leads him back to their room to let Dean freak out for an hour and a half.
The cherub momentarily felt like he fit in when he noted that the hunter and the angel both were naked as well.
“Hanna, my apologies, but I have to run. I’ll tell you all about it tomorrow, I promise. And I will message you tonight when I get a chance to look over the history compendium, and we can choose a figure for the collage,” he said all in one breath.
The guy cracks up at that, “Ha, I like that. Listen, I'm not cruel, but this is a good spot. I'd be willing to give it up for a price," he says in a way that makes it sound like a suggestions and he
“I’ll message the emergency device. It’s in the office and I’m not sure anyone is there this late, but sometimes Bobby sails in the evening and he always checks it before going home, or maybe Sam’s not back yet either.” Dean says. “If they see it they’ll come at get us as fast as they can.”
He shrugs, “Hey, Dean Winchester calls, you pull out the big guns.” He takes the bong to his face and lights up.
The not-blood family leaves the next day with a lot of hugs for people so emotionally constipated, and Bobby pulls Dean close to tell him “I’m proud of you, son. Even if your old man can’t see it, I hope you know that we can.” And that’s the most genuine Dean has ever heard him be.
Dean smiles awkwardly and mumbles a ‘nice to meet ya’ before he steers Castiel towards the exit, “Ready to go home?”
Dean gets his hand free and rubs both hands down his face, “Fuck man. I gotta come clean to you about something.”
He waves him over, “Hey Cas,” he says, “You off the water wagon tonight?” It’s obvious from the beer bottle in his hand.
Dean waits at the counter, wanting to ask if he can help with anything. Cas gets out orange juice from the fridge. “Never does with these two,” Cas replies to Balthazar.
It got to Castiel then, and with an angry set to his jaw he had a hard time keeping his own voice down, “That’s not true! I just can’t see you every Monday afternoon and Saturday morning because I have to give your allotted time to someone else.”
Dean glares at him but isn’t deterred. “He said, and I quote, He’d ‘like to see me math my way out of Don Quixote’. What a
“Heh, yeah,” Cas says. He scratches the back of his head nervously before collecting his hands in his lap and looking back at Dean. “I ask because I’ve been thinking about kissing you for the better part of the last two hours.”
“Did you see the three motherfuckers over there?” Dean asks, and Cas barely catches a nod towards a tree around fifty yards from them. To the untrained eye they’d look like logs floating in the water, but Castiel is not untrained. He turns to them and starts writing. They don’t do much. Nothing, in fact.
It only encourages Charlie and Jo who slip dollar bills into his cleavage, and then the rest of the audience is throwing dollar bills at the three queens and Dean thinks he could have probably been a formidable stripper. Or… he guesses he is, right now.
Dean gets in the other side and starts the engine, which prompts Zeppelin at the highest volume and Dean winces as he turns it down. “Sorry,” he mumbles at a shocked Cas. He always keeps his music loud when he’s down. He’s no good with thoughts. He guesses it’s time to turn it back down, though.
He gets up and walks over to Dean, tented boxers and all. He closes the dishwasher, and grabs onto Dean’s hips, pushes him against the counter.
“I’d suggest driving, sweet pea. It’s a bit of a nasty walk and all sorts of creatures out there,” she tells him. Cas frowns. He might have to go rent a car today, which is annoying because that’ll set him back. On his first day. He exhales in irritation.
, and even if he did it shouldn't include dorky know-it-all history majors. Castiel looks like he’s waiting for some kind of permission so Dean shrugs and gives him a half smile, “Yeah, come by. There’ll be beer and popcorn.”
Dean just hums his understanding. Cas goes into the living room to get his laptop which he sets on the floor, and pulls up a 'Sickening Drag Queen Make Up Tutorial' video on youtube.
As it turns out he gets a reply from Cas before Charlie shows up with coffee, and by the time she does Dean has completely neglected all notes, and judging by the look she gives him, is smiling at his phone like a giddy little schoolgirl.
He doesn’t see Dean anywhere until he comes up next to him with a six-pack of beer and a bottle of fireball.
Castiel cleared his throat and fiddled with a sheet of notebook paper. Dean felt guilty that he made him uncomfortable. Then he remembered that he knew one of those two gay guys at Castiel’s school.
There are three closed door and an open archway leading to a stainless steel kitchen from what Dean can see.
They kiss and wash, and kiss and dry off, and they make it out of the bathroom but to the bed and not out the door, and Castiel isn’t even mad about the lost day’s worth of work.
It happens a few times on the trip too, and then he’ll get up and meet Balthazar at the coffee maker, and they’ll drink their coffee on the deck while the sun rises.
Dean is interrupted before he can reply by Benny stomping snow off his boots, right there on the library carpet, “Fuck me, it’s cold out there.” He takes a seat on Dean’s other side and nearly hits Dean in the face with a wet and cold coat sleeve.
Dean pushes off the armrest to get off of Cas and the other man scoots back until they’re next to each other, still facing each other but no longer on top of one another.
in the library. Eventually Castiel had just told him to read the textbook, while he’d gone to a different table to grade the quizzes.
date. There are two openly gay guys at my school, neither of whom I’ve exchanged more than two words with. There’s no one for me. Not that it’s any of your business.”
Dean rolls his eyes, “Well, I couldn’t wait any longer.” He walks outside to better hear Cas. There is just as loud but Dean doesn’t notice.
Dean chuckles, “Oh no, he’s still in high school. But he’s gonna go to Stanford and become some big shot yuppie lawyer. He’s the brains of the family,” he says with a proud look in his eyes.
Sam stands up, “Do you want to take a study break? I can make hot cocoa and we could watch some Munchies?”
Cas frowns, still not all caught up. His eyes flit to Dean’s bottoms: a pair of light gray, soft-looking sweats that hang off his hips very nicely. If he would only turn around so Cas could see how it looked from the front. He shakes his head. That's not what he wants. He wants to know where Meg went.
“But not one we will be watching on the TV?” Castiel leans back on his elbows. He seems pretty fascinated with the mattress and Dean knows why.
He hears rustling and his heart stops for a second before he discerns the sound as a car motor. Next thing he knows Bobby’s jeep appears in front of him, rolling to a slow stop.
Dean chuckles then jumps when an older man appears outside Cas’ window, knocking on the glass. “What the fuck?”
“I- Yes, Dean. I appreciate and accept your apology. I was aware you were under a great deal pressure at the time, and I understand. In fact I, too, would like to apologize,” Castiel says, hands clasped together and resting on the edge of the table. He looks at Dean with such sincerity that he wants to hate himself.
Cas hesitates. It’s clear that Dean is still upset over the fight. “I’m sorry you fought with your brother.”
He looks all serious, kind of nervous too, really. It makes something flutter uncomfortably in Dean’s belly. “What then?” he asks.
“Oh just one this time, huh?” Jo says teasingly. Dean remembers the catastrophe from last summer with dread.
Castiel thinks it must be testament to how much Dean goes out that not only is he on first-name basis with the bartender but they also show concern for him.
doing homework? He enjoyed results. He told Dean, “I don’t find all of it interesting. I apply myself to my schoolwork because I want to do well.”
Cas stops at the next one he spots, resting against it with his hand as he finishes off his water. Christ, it is humid. He puts the empty bottle away and notices his surroundings. It’s a primitive path, just two wheel tracks. And a lot of foliage. Cas hasn’t met anyone so far, neither creature nor man. Some mosquitoes maybe. And a frog.
“Dean, it’s not like Bobby would ever care about that,” Sam says. Hearing it now Dean finds that it’s the truth. Dean could probably date a dead opossum and Bobby wouldn’t care.
Dean notices the staring, as people tend to do with Cas’ staring and this staring is amped up by like twenty so go figure. A blonde eyebrow appears over the sunglasses and full lips curl into a smirk.
Castiel made his way back over, not bothering to sit down since his turn was coming back up. “Dean, I would like to have sex with you tonight, if that appeals to you.” He said, voice regular, eyes wide and earnest and so stupid blue.
He barges into the place, bell chiming and door slamming shut after him to keep the wind out. The restaurant is small, which is only accentuated with all the knickknacks between the too close to each other tables. Vases, waving fortune cats and even aquariums take up most of the floor space. Between all of the stuff Dean almost misses them on his way to his counter.
arrows again. It was as good an opener as any, he supposed, when he caught her frowning at the arrows in his hands.
Castiel looks taken aback by the abruptness, like being rude to your siblings isn’t a law, “Oh uh, okay.”
He doesn’t want to fight but he’s fucking bitter. He shouldn’t say anything, and really, what he does say is only a fraction of the shit he could have spewed.
“It’s fine, Bobby. I’ve just been stressed out over school,” he says and it’s not like it’s a total lie.
Dean huffs a breath of laughter and relief. “We’re good then? I promise nothing like that will happen again. I know about my reputation but I don’t cheat.”
“Right,” the guy says quietly. He looks like he wants to say something but every time they’ve talked in the past Dean has embarrassed himself so he’d like to end this interaction before he can do it again. He turns around.
To Castiel surprise, the hut is decorated. A big tie dye wall hang with a peace sign, a string of lights that’s solar powered. Fun colored glass trinkets here and there. Castiel observes everything carefully, tilting his head but not touching.
Dean rolls his eyes, but his shoulders relax infinitesimally when he smiles a little bit too. “This is so not about that.”
“Did someone finally get the cute porn star's number?” she tweaks an eyebrow at him and he just smiles like the doof he is.
“Well, I obviously didn’t want to make a big deal out of it. Now everyone’s uncomfortable,” she gestures to the lot of them with an angry arm movement.
“I think you’re worrying too much. Didn’t you hear Charlie?” Hanna asked and when Castiel just shrugged she sighed, “Okay, guess not. How about going to his house? Or his show?”
“What if you could have sex with one of us, though?” she said, glint in her eye. Dean could see were this was going, and he should really stop it, but part of him really wanted to know.
“Of course I want you there,” Dean says but it doesn’t come out as anything much higher than a whisper so he clears his throat awkwardly.
Dean stops grinning in that joking manner he does, when he notices that Cas is not playing. He looks a little bit nervous, but he’s still smiling, “Cas?”
“Squirrel! Could you at least make an attempt at smiling at your customers? Your application promised you were good with people.” Crowley asks when the shop is empty once again after the morning rush.
Dean just continued laughing at the ridiculousness of it all. Who cared about a stupid muffin? Luckily Castiel soon saw the humor in the situation too, and his questioning look transformed with his smile as he started laughing too.
Dean sweeps a hand out, “Kitchen,” he walks through the other doorway that connects to the kitchen island, which opens into the living room, “Living room slash guest room when Charlie is fighting with her girlfriend,” he hears Castiel chuckle behind him.
The guy held his hands and a half-eaten Red Vine up in defence and got up from where he had been seated on a step. “Let me give you a hand, buddy. My own appointment is already fifteen minutes late, so it’s not like I have anything better to do.” It sounded condescending but when Castiel looked back up at him he was smiling mischievously.
Cas strokes his thumb across Dean’s cheek. “I know you’re a hopeless romantic who wants hold my hand in public and all that crap, but baby, I don’t need that from you. Not when you’re not ready.”
“Novak” is all it says, written with marker on a piece of printer paper. An older man is holding the sign. Cas takes in the dirty trucker cap and the dirty vest and the dirty cargo shorts as he approaches. He doesn’t mean to stereotype but Florida just has a reputation that Cas couldn’t avoid hearing about.
Dean is pretty sure his cheeks are still red when Cas comes outside a few minutes later. He looks very apologetic as he approaches Dean.
“Fine,” Dean smiles. He takes a step closer to Cas, hooking one finger into the shirt pocket. “Text me when you get home then.”
Since the kiss the study sessions changed notably. For one, flirting was off the ban list. Dean could nibble suggestively on pens and sit way too close to Cas now.
Sure, Dean figured the porny images he’d had when he saw how hot his tutor was might be stretch, but sitting alone in a library, reading? For an hour and a half? He could have just stayed home.
“Yeah-“ Castiel flushed bright red when the guy’s smirk intensified, and Castiel shook his head. “No! No, that’s not-! No, what I meant to ask was, if you wouldn’t happen to be Dean Winchester?”
Dean’s not sure if he pales or blushes but he wants to die right at that moment, “Oh uh,” he clears his throat, “I meant in school. We should have taken some of the same credits, right?”
Dean reads the PDF after Sam has promised him is aims weren’t rejected. The comments are good, really good. There are a few corrections to be made but other than that Dean is all set to start on his full proposal. Which is great because it’s not like Dean has a thesis to write alongside the full proposal.
Dean brakes and the car behind him honks so Dean pulls over to give Cas his full attention, “No!” he turns in his seat to face Cas, “I wasn’t ashamed of you! I’d never be ashamed of you, Cas.”
Cas opens his mouth to say something but Dean holds a hand up to stop him, “Please, Cas. I owe you the biggest apology,” he starts.
“Dean, yes. I was quite affected by the pressure of deadlines myself at the time and I believe I overreacted. I shouldn’t just have left you with nothing but silence for so long. I realized that when I saw you at the Thai restaurant,” Castiel explains. Dean is more confused.
“I believe I’ve made it sound worse than it is. I swear I do actually eat nutritious food every once in a while. I always buy fortified toast.” Cas’ breath is foggy in the chilly night air and he looks beautiful in the streetlight against the dark sky.
Dean is the one to spring to action again, and he walks around to the passenger side of his car, "Shall we take my car?" he opens the door and Castiel gets in.
He moves in with Castiel officially and Castiel moves his cam-room (which was his bedroom) to a studio downtown so Dean doesn’t become a sex-cam backdrop by accident.
Then he stirs for real, turns over to face Dean and cracking open two sky-blue eyes. “Thanks for cooking,” he says.
Incredible. It used to be Dean taking care of Sam with tomato rice soup and Dexter’s Laboratory. It’s the circle of life and apparently Dean peaked when he was thirteen. Dean accepts.
Charlie knits her eyebrows, “Cas? I thought you two were doing great? Looked pretty cozy at your birthday.”
Cas goes out to the bar where Charlie and Jo are. Dean wishes he could have made a stop by the bar before coming back here.
Cas hands the jar back, finished while Dean held his mosquito monologue. Cas doesn’t reply, mostly because he’s not sure what to say.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Castiel blushed slightly but Dean could not imagine why. He could only think about how cute it was. “Uhm, the jeans… the jeans are nice too,” Castiel all but coughed out.
A confused frown takes over the older man’s face. God. He’s so beautiful. It can be irritating, especially as Dean needs to focus, he’s trying to make a point, damnit. “You need a new one,” he says.
Dean made sure to wear his school uniform more often after discovering just how much Castiel liked it, and Castiel somehow managed to make German propositions kinda sexy. But only kinda.
He’s close with his frat brothers, sure. And normally he’d tell them just about anything. But they’re fraternity guys. He’s never heard them say anything on the matter but this is not how Dean wants to find out their stance.
“Good morning Dean. Didn’t realize you had company,” Sam says with s stupid fucking smirk on his face and Dean wants to scowl, but he doesn’t want Castiel to witness this shit this early in the morning.
When Fate grabbed the Cherub’s arm to teleport to the next room, Sam held out a hand to signal them to stop.
Castiel laid on his stomach, chin resting on Dean’s chest as he looked up at him, “How can I make it up to you?” he asked, innocently fingering the collar of Dean’s shirt.
Dean gets into the Impala and waits for Sam to fold his freakishly long limbs into the seat next to him.
They’re seconds into Dean’s room before Dean is pressed up against his door with a face full of Cas. He can hear the lock as Cas turns it, and he grins against his mouth.
Dean stops when he gets in front of the door. He can hear music playing from the other side so he guesses everyone is here and everyone has started. Castiel bumps into him from behind and Dean turns around to face a giggling Cas. Dean grins and hold a finger in front of his lips, “Sssch.”
Cas puts his glass of rosé (ugh, gay, Dean’s drinking a Sol) on the floor next to him and looks at Gabriel. Gabriel looks back. After a few moments of silence Cas says, “So…?”
“Really? Me too, or I mean… I’m doing biochemistry and molecular biology.” He wonders why he hasn’t seen him before (outside of porn that is – in a shared class or something. They would have to have taken some BA creds together, right?). He then briefly wonders how old Jimmy is. Then he tries to act like a normal human being, “I never saw you in undergrad?”
Benny knocks on his door around 10pm to ask if he’s alright since he didn’t come to the gym with the others and didn’t show up for dinner either. Dean fake snores, hoping Benny will buy that he’s asleep.
“Why haven’t you said anything, ya idjit. You know you can always come to me. I watch out for you boys. Me and Ellen both.” Bobby doesn’t even sound disappointed and Dean’s chest warms with affection. He owes Bobby and Ellen everything.
Castiel swallowed, “I- I love you.” He looked briefly down to his lap before meeting Dean’s eyes again, “You’re not just a student I was tutoring. You probably never were if I have to be honest.”
But it’s really not a good position for anything, Dean sitting leaned forward and Castiel low key too old to be on his knees like this. Dean gets it too, because he pulls away, slowly, three small pecks finding their way to Cas’ lips in the process.
Sam finally looks up from his assignment to send Dean a bitch face, “Dean, you hate that class anyway. Why don’t you just take it online? Or better yet: get that credit from a different course?”
Fate’s eyes grew big and she grabbed the cherub by the shoulder. “We have to find them! They could be cursed by an incubus to have sexual intercourse!”
He tries to use some of his frustration to roll out the dough but when Meg laughs raucously at something Dean said
Castiel shrunk a little, suddenly self-conscious. He was not sure ‘badass’ was the right term. “Just find what drives you,” he mumbled while looking down at the tabletop quickly, before sliding the paper back to Dean, “And finish your lab report.”
“Hello Dean. I got you coffee and a muffin,” Castiel said, smiling up at him from his seat across the table.
Mom turned back around, finally a glimpse of sympathy on her features, and she rested a flour-y hand on Dean’s that was fiddling with an old shopping list. Mom realized then that she forgot to buy peanut butter. “I know you’re smarter than this,” she squeezed his hand and with a twinkle in her eye said, “You just need to spend a little less time trying to impress the girls, and a little more time with your text books.”
Dean looks at him. “Are you asking me to be your Valentine?” he smirks, and fully anticipates the bitch face he gets.
They’d agreed on 9PM. After a three-day conference in the group chat, they’d finally agreed on 9pm. So Dean and Sam were there at 9.15PM because Sam had to brush his locks and put on five layers of button-downs before he could go anywhere. And he would have had time for seven layers it looked like, because no one else was there yet.
at Rainbow, and he’s supposed to do after show entertaining and bartending for an hour before he can go home.
Dean didn’t say anything for a while so Charlie reassured him, “He doesn’t think that. He feels the same way you do.”
Dean rolls his eyes and slaps his shoulder playfully. But he puts his magazine down along with the glasses (sad face) and leans down to kiss Cas. “Morning sunshine.”
Dean takes mercy on him, “Cas, don’t sweat it. I’m just kidding. I’m glad I met you too. Even more glad you even wanted to talk to me considering the way we met.”
The flirty look on Dean’s face melted away, “Oh. Yeah. You’re 4.0 dude, then?” He handed Castiel the books.
Everyone stills. This time Anna is the first to react. “Are you serious right now? We just talked about this last night!”
“Quite a few,” Castiel grins and then straightens up in his seat to look around him, “One of them is here tonight, actually. Anna!” he calls for her when he spots a couple of red braids.
Dean threw a pair of used tights he found on the floor at him, grinning when Sam squealed in disgust.
Cas’ tongue flicks out to wet his bottom lip and then they smirk. Dean meets his eyes again, and they’re sparkling in the moonlight from outside in the otherwise unlit hall.
“I’m afraid so,” Castiel said, a look ironic remorse on his face. He was glad that Dean seemed to have some sort of epiphany. One that would make Castiel’s job a whole lot easier too.
“No,” Dean says, not wanting to be ungrateful. He gets in and Cas does too. Dean meets his eye again. “I’m mad that you
“Boys, be nice,” she notes absentmindedly and looks over Cas’ arm at the poster before shrugging, “Might be fun.”
There was a lot more handholding now too, and thigh grabbing under the table. They were so lovey dovey it would have made Dean sick if it hadn’t been him and Cas.
Dean keeps grinning, not shy to admit his crush, “Not at first, maybe, but for a while now,” he shrugs, “You’re cute.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and tried to wiggle his way to make better room for the two of them on Cas’ bed.
Charlie pushes the glasses towards her prey and tilts her head at Dean. “Do you mean queen like ‘of Moondoor’ or queen like ‘yas kween’? Since you’re homo with Cas now and all.”
It’s in the middle of a Tuesday, and most people have class but there’s a handful of frat bros playing a half-assed game of Mario Cart in the basement. And Cas is there.
A second into awkwardness he turns to Meg and smiles, “I’m glad you like it.” He somehow meets Dean’s eyes as he says it. Maybe because Dean seems to enjoy it more.
Castiel and Dean make eye contact, equally surprised. Dean can't believe how he just can't shake what the dark hair/blue eyes combo does to him. He's not supposed to have a
Pamela leans across the bar, squinting her eyes, really studying the ID. Dean snorts, covers it up with a cough when Cas glares at him.
His friends only stay for the hour Dean has to bartend and then they all go home. Or Charlie probably stayed; she’s friends with everyone there.
At 5am John fucking Winchester decides to remember that his eldest son was born sometime in January. It’s not the ideal time of day to have a screaming match over the phone but at least Sam isn’t spending the night at home.
He tips his head forward again, meeting Cas’ eyes. They just breathe hard at each other for a moment, until Cas pulls out, and before Dean can protest, manhandles him off the counter, turns him around and pushes him over it. He grabs Dean’s wrists behind his back and pushes his head down, because he knows Dean loves it when he does.
Dean has never been more ready for a date. He’s generally the type who’s five minutes late, even when he tries his hardest not to be. It’s not his fault most times, really; he wasn’t the one who decided it’s only 60 minutes to an hour.
The car seat creaks as Sam leans to reach for the phone. Then phone clacks against the car door a moment after.
So it’s Dean’s turn. He leans his elbow on her stand and gives her his own version of the adorable Winchester smile. “You’re absolutely sure there’s nothing?” he asks, and before she can answer, “It’s our anniversary,” he gestures to Sam who can’t hear him, thank god, “And I already fucked up the reservations we had at a different place.” He gives her a sad, sad look.
Castiel deserves more than Hurricane Dean that throws himself into relationships dick first, emotions last, daddy issues blazing and lack of self-worth staining everything, wrecking everything in his wake. Castiel deserves a slow start and no ending, still mornings and home cooked dinners, handholding, family meetings, shared holidays. He deserves it all, and Dean wants nothing more than to give it to him.
Castiel silently makes his way over to Dean and squats down next to him to put his hands over Dean’s, “Dean,” he says quietly.
Castiel typed his scholastic accomplishments and contact information and glared bitterly at the printer as he took a dozen copies to hang at the middle school and library and where ever else those crazy kids and their parents hung out these days.
Castiel had done a good job though, Dean could admit. Yeah, the quizzes were boring as hell but Castiel had clearly put a lot of time into making them. Dean had no doubt, Castiel was a real dedicated little nerd.
It’s close to an hour later, Cas is covered in powder, and Dean’s eyes are red from being poked with eyeliners, mascara wands and eyelashes, and they’ve had to reapply his lipstick five times because they kept making out, but they’re finally done.
“So’s Cas short for something?” Dean asks and Cas misses the table altogether, Benny and accounting guy stepping aside to avoid the ball.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean says and leans around Meg to clap him on the shoulder but hesitates at the last minute and withdraws after a soft pat. He clears his throat, “How about you guys find a table somewhere? I’ll buy some drinks.”
“Ah,” Dean nods and looks at the floor and then at the soda vending machine that owes Dean $2.50. Should they still be conversing? Had this been a normal situation where a cute guy was talking to Dean he would have turned up the charm, would have tried to get his number. And boy, does Dean want this guy’s number. But it’s weird. He’d seem like a creep. He is a creep, he doesn’t know this guy; he just knows he looks good when he fucks.
His moans reverberates off the shower walls, and his voice breaks around his begging “please Cas, please fuck me, oh my god, fuck me.”
Castiel was waiting outside of his house when Dean rolled up to the curb. He opened the door from inside and smiled apologetically at Castiel. There had been some tension between them for the first few weeks; misperceptions and misplaced prejudice and in the beginning it had been uncomfortable. But Dean felt like they’d were doing pretty well now.
“Good,” Dean smiles all shy. “I want you too,” he says, voice low, but eyes meeting Cas’ across their breakfast.
Cas grabs Dean’s wrist, running long fingers over hot skin. “They don’t hate you. They don’t even know you,” he tilts his head. “They think the age difference is weird.”
They go up to Dean’s room and Cas sits down on Dean’s bed. He’s wearing the sweatpants. He was probably sleeping in them. Dean doesn’t even want to ask for them back, kind of loving how his last name fits on Cas’ ass.
. Without the appointed arrows it was not possible to properly bond a couple. Someone else must have gotten their hands on a
“Are you referring to my one-night stand? Because I kind of regret telling you that,” Dean says, finding it too hard to meet her eyes, scanning the diner for a waitress instead.
Dean got up and dusted off his butt, “Hm. Well, no worries.” He turned to walk with Castiel, “I have the car on Mondays. I could pick you up from school?”
They go snorkeling together when Anna’s afraid of sharks (for fuck’s sake, of all things) and Cas would rather read (what a
When Dean catches Cas’ eyes he makes a slut-drop right in front of him, and the crowd goes WILD. Dean keeps his attention on Benny for the rest of the song though.
Dean looked at Cas in silence for a second, “I'm not just saying this to get out of studying but do you wanna do something else?”
“Screw this,” Dean says, mostly to himself, and he lets go of Cas to head to the motor again. Castiel sits down, clutching the bench he’s sitting on till his knuckles turn white.
“At ten thirty in the evening? You’re just out for a stroll?” Dean asked, disbelief evident in his tone.
“I was just an asshole. And I don’t know if he wants to talk to me again. He said he’d call.” Dean shrugs like he isn’t losing sleep over this.
Dean crossed his arms across his chest petulantly, “That’s frigging Crowley’s fault for not curving my grade. He hates me!”
Dean smiles and it’s like storm clouds part. He doesn’t say anything though, just smiles playfully at Cas, while he spends a minute steering around some branches that dip into the water.
“Hello Dean,” he says and his voice sends shivers down Dean’s spine. He swallows before looking up at him.
Dean was doing rehearsal with Viktor and some of the other bigger characters that Sunday. It ended up running late, like these things tended to, and then he spent another 20 minutes goofing around with Viktor and Bela. That meant he had to skip the shower if he didn’t want to be late. And he didn’t. His mom had taught him not to be.
Castiel doesn’t reply for a little while, looking at his hands in his lap. After a few minutes he looks up at Dean who’s waiting for a light to turn green.
Dean ignored that last part and shook the carton to get the residue at the bottom to mix back in, “It was okay. I was with the girls, and Meg only wants to do cardio and Lisa just stretches for two hours,” he rolled his eyes.
is Anna’s Dean, her frat boy ex. God, he’s heard too many stories. He even remembers accidentally opening a dick pic from the guy when he’d needed Anna’s phone for a second, and Castiel suddenly flushes red and accidentally looks down at Dean’s crotch, and Dean is grinning when he looks up and Castiel’s cheeks are actually on fire. He swipes a shot from his sister’s hand and downs it, eyes never wavering from Dean’s.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Charlie speaks with her mouth full, “How was I supposed to know you’d only be -“ she checks her phone lying next to her plate on the table “- 6 minutes late? Last time it was 25.”
He had been so caught up in trying to find the right words that by the time he even noticed that the crowd in the hallways had been thinning out if not completely gone, Dean had been nowhere to find, and his rose had been quickly wilting. Eventually some guy informed him that Dean had already left with the other performers to go celebrate.
He leaned back in his chair and looked straight at Castiel for his next part, “Not like you, wanting to go to med school and keeping straight A’s plus extra credit. There’s something hot about ambition, am I right? People who know what they want?” He smirked, waiting to see if the comment went in.
Castiel folds his hand around Dean’s hand and pulls it away from his face. He takes a step closer and Dean’s breath hitches in his throat.
Dean’s begging from there. Castiel takes his time. It doesn’t matter that his cock is so hard it aches, and he thinks he could listen to Dean like this for all eternity.
He pulled the arrow back and secured it in his bag before throwing his bow on the ground in a fit of frustration. Not fair!
“Yeah, baby, give me a second,” Cas mumbles against Dean’s mouth, rutting against Dean and still working his hand over Dean’s cock.
A puffy laugh escapes Dean’s lips when he sees the couple and then he meets Cas’ eyes again, “Cas, I’ve been trying for
It’s 10pm by the time they get back to Dean’s apartment and Dean has ten unread messages and three missed calls. It wasn’t that he was ignoring them, okay? He was just spending time with Cas, and he knew he was going to see everyone later.
“Oh my god, it is!” Gabriel screeches. “I did not expect this from you. Me maybe. Is he even legal?”
Besides he hadn’t told anyone about that interview, not even Sam, because Sam was top of his class and had a law school interview coming up and Dean didn’t want to take away from that.
Victor looks up from where he was sprinkling glitter on a cardboard poster that Dean can’t read from this angle. Benny’s sitting still while Ash paints rainbows on his cheeks. He stops and they look at Dean, smiling. Ash is wearing rainbow sweatbands on his wrists and around his head. More guys are busy painting banners and each other around the room, some are getting help from a handful of sorority girls. But they all stop to smile at Dean.
Cas stands upright to pay, pats his breast pocket, then back pocket. Then front pocket. He closes his eyes and deflates. “I forgot my card,” he tells the waitress and Dean. “I’ll go get one of my friends,” he says but Dean is too quick.
Dean chases another group of teenagers down the narrow hall, chopping at the air with his axe the whole way.
Dean is still panicking when the guy stops in front of him at the counter. Dean should have run away to hide in the staff restroom and let Charlie deal with him. She probably doesn’t watch porn with men in it. He rolls his shoulders and smiles his service-smile, telling himself
Dean looked surprised but smiled. He looked briefly past Castiel to the house behind him. Castiel’s mom was still awake, he could tell by the lights on first floor all being on.
,” he growls between his teeth, tapping the screen aggressively with his index finger. He’s about to use his fist when someone clears their throat next to him, making Dean take a step back and there’s fucking Jimmy Novak, own empty cardboard cup in hand, quickly pressing the ‘filter coffee’ button, then the one labeled ‘medium’. Brown liquid steams into Dean’s cup under the tap.
Dean has Saturday off and he wakes up around 10am and refuses to get up because he doesn’t have a single plan, and the day in front of him seems to stretch on for infinity.
“Hey! Dean, hey, are you okay?” she asks. She still wearing her parka and bag, headphone wrapped around her neck.
Dean’s a college student. He works summers and he has a few hours at a student job, so it’s not like he’s broke or
She spins in place, hits herself in the face with the unbraided pigtails in an unnaturally red color, and keeps going.
“Shut up, it’s not even like that. We’re just… Texting.” Dean mutters. He opens his textbook and laptop again. He cannot deal with this fuckery. Doesn’t look much like any of the fuckers he calls friends brought him coffee either.
It’s not good. Dean’s fully aware of that. But he can’t afford a break and he can’t afford to skip caffeine either, so instead he cancels the digital art exhibition he’d promised to accompany Charlie to and he doesn’t even reply to Benny’s texts about library meet-ups or ‘I hate school’ beers.
Dean scrunches his nose up in disgust. Maybe his stupid trick with the hostess had worked a little too well, “Ew, no! Sam is my brother.”
Dean endures it. He can because Cas holds his hand and kisses him in front of everyone, and no one reacts. So he kisses Cas right back.
Dean hasn’t dated since he started grad school. The reason is probably a mix between Dean having no time to spare to
He can see Dean smiling in the dark. There’s a charged moment between them, and Castiel’s heart speeds up.
She’s actually really feeling it, especially when one of the other queens makes a backflip from another queen’s thigh and lands in a split. Glitora’s still not great at the splits, but she fakes it, and Cas is really encouraging for her to learn anyway.
“Hey ma,” he greeted and wiped residue sweat off his brow with his sleeve while opening the fridge. He got out the chocolate milk.
“Yeah, sorry man,” Dean rubs a hand over his face. “I’m an early riser and I didn’t wanna wake you. Figured I’d come down and make sure the boat was alright for us to go out today.”
With a shrug Dean answers, “Gnocchi only need a few minutes. Meg’s making the sauce. Can I help you with something?”
“Look, I’m sorry-“ he holds out his hands in front of him, “I’ve only been doing it for two months, and I just didn’t know how to bring it up, okay?”
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“You alright?” Dean asks, urging Cas to keep walking with a hand on his elbow. He passes the shot from the girl off to a buddy in the crowd, who yells something about how awesome ‘D-dawg’ is.
“Cas, I don’t give a fuck about that. That’s your job,” Dean protests but Cas just holds a hand up to stop him.
“Baby, I want you to come. Can you do that? Can you come for me?” Cas whispers and lets a finger run over Dean’s slit. Dean lets go, coming onto the wall in front of him as well as his own panties with a groan. It morphs into a whimper as Cas thrusts harder into him, biting Dean’s neck as he orgasms.
They return in time for the barbecue that’s meant to feed drunk BAs and relatives. When Bobby catches Dean’s eyes Dean instantly becomes aware that his lips are kiss-swollen and his hair is all messed up, and that Cas is right behind him, fingers still tangled with Dean’s. Dean drops them like they burned him but Castiel barely notices as he’s already drawn into conversation with Jo and Sam about summer plans and shots of jäger.
Bobby picks Dean up from the airport. He asks how the flight was (terrible), if he’s hungry (always) and then he asks how the semester has been. The answer there should have been (good), but Dean yaps away.
“Hey,” Gabriel says, tone sharp, and Anna’s boyfriend looks up, surprised. Dean and Cas look up in surprise too, because they didn’t hear what warranted Gabriel’s angry voice. “You can cut that shit right out.”
Castiel stands back up, “You’re welcome,” he says with a smile like Dean didn’t just totally embarrass himself by throwing a bitch fit over two sheets of paper.
The man nods and gives him a once-over. Castiel is wearing squeaky-clean Adidas sneakers, pressed Fjällräven cargo pants with the zip off shorts option, and his Hilfiger fleece zipped back up for the A/C. Maybe a bit overdressed for the bayou.
Castiel can’t help himself, he bursts out laughing at that. And he doesn’t laugh a lot. To be honest, he probably couldn’t tell you the last time he laughed like this. Dean’s laughing too. Castiel turns his wrist to check, “10.15.”
Cas steps into the bathroom. “We can wait till later.” God, how long does he need to study a hotel shower for? But whatever. Cas doesn’t mind studying Dean, studying his shower.
The game disperses after that when a fight breaks out over the chooser picking a card that didn’t even start with a B, and Cas and Dean find themselves outside on the front porch after that.
Dean isn’t one to keep secrets. He doesn’t want to and even if he did, he sucks at it. He always told Ellen when he skipped school as a kid, he always told Sam’s crushes about Sam’s crushes, and he wasn’t closeted for more than a day when he got a crush on Ash back in seventh grade.
“Right,” Dean’s still grinning and zips up his pants. “Because having dry cum on my shorts is a lot less inconspicuous than having wet cum on them.”
“Oh, Dean, you can’t tomorrow!” Mom said, spreading flour on the surface of the kitchen counter to knead her dough.
They leave their warm cokes on the front porch and walk down the illuminated street, close enough to knock knuckles.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Asshole,” Dean mutters, goodnatured. “Whatever, here’s a five anyway,” he puts it on the table and turns around to find Cas standing behind him, giving him a quizzical look.
Dean wonders what just came out of his mouth, because surely a psych major has heard crazier things that what Dean thinks he just said.
“Sorry!” he holds his hands up and drops down into the armchair. He can’t help tapping his foot against the floor. He blows a raspberry and Charlie glares at him.
Castiel contemplated all this while he walked, and luckily, he knew the way home without too much stopping to look at road signs. He was so caught up in his own thoughts that he didn’t notice a car slowing down next to him until the driver honked the horn once, making Castiel jump.
“I guess,” he smiles as charmingly as he can muster under the circumstances and shakes her hand, “Nice to meet you, uh…”
Bobby talks quietly then, “He was talking about rehab again. He got into some real trouble and I guess it left him real scared. Then he got a call about a job in Boston and left.”
“We have gathered many of the characters through the seasons here today to bear witness to the bonding of Dean Winchester, hunter of evil, and Castiel, angel of the lord.
“Right,” Dean nods. He reaches out to take one of Cas’ hands, “You don't have to quit on my account. As long as you’re happy, Cas. That’s all I care about.”
Dean shifts the topic to himself because he thinks Cas needs him to: “Sam talked about Stanford all through high school. Just the thought of not living near him, I was completely lost.”
Sam is already talking to Asshole Psych Major and his date, and Dean wonders if Sam would be mad if he left right now.
Jimmy just keeps smiling (it’s gummy and Dean thinks he’s melting), and since Dean is apparently a complete moron, Jimmy finally takes the finished coffee and hands it to Dean so he can get his own coffee.
Dean nods, “Yeah, and I don’t really know why. I don’t know how to do makeup or put on a wig or anything. Ruby wasn’t actually helpful.”
Cas doesn’t speak straight away, and Dean can hear from the silence that he’s going to disagree. “I’m sorry, Dean, but no.”
Mom rolled her fingers into the dough, back still facing Dean, “I made a tutoring plan for you. Your first session is tomorrow.”
There had been quite the crowd but it had cleared out a bit after the show had ended, so Dean catches sight of Castiel easily enough. He’s sitting in a booth, and Dean makes a beeline for him on his way back from serving a few beards, but then he notices that there’s someone there, sitting across from Cas. Someone with long floppy hair. Dean changes beeline direction for the bar.
Castiel pulls out the crumpled up note and waves it briefly at the man, “I have it in writing right here.”
Charlie leaned around him to look at Hanna, “Basically, he’s scared to talk to Cas, and he’s a little preoccupied with the premiere of his grand show right now to think clearly.”
Dean pulled a hanger with a button down out from his closet before deciding that a button down would be too obvious.
Charlie shrugs, “I’d much rather talk about cute girls anyway. You guys see those girls sitting at the table over there?” she points between a couple of bookshelves.
“I have to disagree with you, Dean. I know I haven’t known you long but from what I see, you are one of the most deserving people I’ve met. Not only do you excel in academia but also you help those around you do the same. I’ve seen you with your friends, at the coffee shop and the library. You motivate them. You motivate
“No.” They were kind of awesome plans and he doesn’t want Cas to feel like he’s asking too much. Because he really isn’t. He probably couldn’t ask too much if Dean’s being honest.
Cas licks his lips and shrugs before tipping the glass to his mouth. It burns, and it does taste like gasoline but it’s kinda pleasant. But maybe it’s just being out here, amongst the fireflies, and the bearable heat now the sun is long gone, and the low conversations of the people on the terraces around them, and Dean.
Actually he needs to get his mind off all of that and set on figuring Castiel out. Maybe he’ll get laid for his birthday!
Ruby just shows Dean around, piles stuff into his arm and gives him a time he has to be back at the club tonight, and Dean thinks he’s more confused now than when he got there.
The more Castiel thought about it, the more urgent it became for him to talk to Dean. He contemplated going to his house instead of his own, but he wasn’t sure what ‘celebrating’ entailed so he couldn’t be sure that Dean was even there.
“Hey Cas. How’s your trip going? This is Dean ☺” he sends before he can reconsider and puts his phone on a page in his textbook and closes the book around it. He never uses fucking smileys.
“Right,” Dean gets out of the chair, grinning. Cas makes for the door but Dean grabs his hand, “When you say right away, do you mean right away?”
Bobby parks the car and walks towards a wooden, primitive looking hut. It has glass windows though. It says “bayou” in a sign out front, brown paint on a piece of wood. The hut is on a raised dock, the dock extending from the hut on stakes.
Dean’s stomach tightened, and he raised his eyebrows at Castiel. He knew the next words out of his mouth were going to be unfair, but he could do nothing to stop them, “Oh, so you don’t have time when my mom’s not paying you?”
Dean mocks him under his breath. He’s such a nerd. “So you didn’t spend all three days in bed?” he smirks and Sam whines.
Castiel smiled, happy that Dean was taking some responsibility. “Well, there’s your drive,” Castiel said, smiling with his teeth and everything.
Dean stopped rummaging in his sock drawer and sighed, “Fuck me. Did I forget to call mom? I’m headed back out in a bit.”
Dean bites his lip. He doesn’t really have anymore to say. He starts the car and the atmosphere is a little off as he peels out of the parking lot.
Cas kisses him quickly then leaves. Dean admires his ass for a minute before his view is obscured by Lilith’s giant tutu as she saunters past.
It’s when they wake up, in class, before they go to bed and anytime in between. It’s getting the attention of all his frat brothers because Dean is notorious for not answering texts. Or he used to be.
“I was such an asshole, I know that. I knew it then, too. I was just- I was really stressed out, I think you know that,” he waves himself off, “But that’s no excuse! I’m aware of that too, and I’m not trying to make excuses, I just hope you know that I’m not normally like that.”
“How are you feeling?” Cas asks. His voice is hoarse from the cigarettes he can’t help smoking when he drinks.
“Christ, you really are just gonna study?” Sam exclaimed, rolling his eyes at his hopeless big brother.
Dean grins and looks down at himself. It’s one he brought with him when he moved in, a gag gift from Sam, and it’s pretty plain but says “Real men eat meat” on it. He looks back up at Cas.
“Well! Lilith and Ruby, come over here,” two lanky men in various stages of makeup and dress come over, “You’ll be darlings and see to getting these fellas ready for tonight, won’t you? Thanks,” Crowley ‘muas’ air kisses at them and turns back to Charlie.
Before he can protest she points to a cutting board of the apples she just sliced, “Get started on the filling, please.” She says with no room for argument.
Staring at the ceiling, he blinks veeery slowly, trying not to move. If he does he’ll wake up the headache. He’s debating whether he’s still too drunk to drive to McDonald’s Drive-Thru when he hears Sam sprint through the hallway to the bathroom to empty his guts into the toilet. He grins. Nerd little brother.
Dean walks over and sits down next to Jo, “What time did you get home?” he’s disappointed because he’s clearly more hung-over but he was the first to leave.
Dean spends the rest of the day until Sam gets home from school unpacking in his old room. It’s dusty as fuck so he spends an hour cleaning too.
Castiel spent the time thinking over what happened the last time he was here. They hadn’t been studying then either, and Dean had said that he wanted to date him. Castiel had even held his hand! He had been freaking out about it all week and eventually convinced himself that he had completely misunderstood Dean and it was some mean prank.
“He seems like a very bright man,” Castiel says and there’s a twinge of jealousy that Dean hates himself for but everyone just always likes Sam better. Not that they shouldn’t.
He’s in the cafeteria, the big one on campus, slamming the buttons on the coffee machine. He hates the thing.
Dean gulps. A lanky teenager appears behind Dean, walking around him. He looks very sullen and doesn’t say anything to either of them, just heading for a jeep.
“Whatever,” Benny says. “I just wanna know what Cas has that’s so good that you’re skipping out on Cancun.”
He knows he doesn’t have his parents anymore, and that everyone out here is family and that his best friend is his brother Sam. He loves pie, and Dr. Sexy, and bottoming for Cas. And he’s funny, caring, he’s beautiful, and Castiel is going to miss him so much he will hurt with it.
“Hm,” Dean grabs a beer from the coffee table, “That’s funny. I spoke to Bobby just a few hours ago. He didn’t mention dad.”
There’s some rustling and then the bed dips when Cas sits down. He runs his fingers across Dean’s scalp.
“Yeah, I was certainly impressed,” she giggles, covering her mouth with her hands to keep quiet in the library that’s full of students studying for finals, and Dean grins back, feeling like a 12-year old girl at a sleepover.
“I don’t know,” Dean shrugs, “Flirt?” he suggests, and realizes that he might be doing just that and his brain halts for a moment. He shakes it off and asks, “Are you in this frat?”
“Do I sign it?” Castiel asks after they have constructed a page of what start as pleasantries and gradients into offensive and ends in downright insults.
They were quick to cover themselves with the sheet, however, leaving the cherub the odd man out again.
“No, I’ve decided I’m getting your brother drunk. You want to help?” Cas grins, but he also manages to look sympathetic at the same time and Dean is so fucking lucky.
Dean was looking at him through the open window with a surprised look, “What the hell are you doing?” he asked, sounding confused.
Castiel chuckles and shakes his head but doesn’t really reply. Before anyone can say anything the waitress appears at their table.
The interview comes around and Dean aces it. He gets the call half an hour after the interview, when he’s barely even made it back Cas’ apartment. They celebrate with takeout and a snuggled up movie marathon.
They make the trip back faster, stopping only once to sleep in the car in Utah, to arrive, randomly, in the middle of pride.
Dean just stares at her. Meg knows. How does Meg know? If Meg knows, who else does? She knows everyone in Dean’s frat. And most of the other frats.
Dean is pretty sure he hasn’t. He feels oddly proud, and then kinda disgusted with himself for being proud over something like
It was hard to try to grab Castiel’s hips from behind, but damnit he tried. And it felt like a hug, but like a supreme hug, engulfed in warmth. Dean loved it. He always did. And clueless though Cas might be, Dean thought he loved it too.
Dean doesn’t want to break eye contact but he’s weak. He turns his head, pulling some of his things together, like he’s making space for Cas, who has already made his way to the table.
Waking up next to Cas a second time is just as good as the first time. Still as hot too. And Dean would really appreciate Cas lying half on top of him in only boxers more than he does at the moment, if he wasn’t seconds away for vomiting Fireball all over his bed.
They meet up at the library nearly two weeks after his birthday on a Thursday afternoon; laptops open in front of them and coffee mugs long empty. Dean is wearing his glasses since he’s already outed himself to Cas, and Cas actually has his hair in a tiny ponytail because he worked out this morning, and it’s making Dean very frustrated. (Mostly at himself for being into gay shit like that).
They spend the week lathering each other up in ridiculous amounts of sun oil, sharing sun chairs and making out. The one cloudy day, they spend in bed, and when they finally emerge late into the afternoon, Dean can’t meet Cas’ family’s eyes.
Dean cuts a triangle out of his stack but doesn’t lift it to his mouth yet. He looks up at Charlie and sighs before putting down his fork, bite still speared.
They get to the club at 9pm, which is three hours later than when Ruby had asked him to be there, but Cas is a really good kisser and he also gives amazing blowjobs, so Dean doesn’t even care to come up with excuses.
Castiel rises and pulls his coat on but doesn’t leave yet. “I love Dean. And I’m fairly certain that he loves me back. And for once I’m the one who’s happy and in love and
Hanna chewed on her lip, staring at him while she thought. “It’s not funny. It’s cute. I’m glad you have a crush… But you’re not taking it seriously, right?”
Benny shrugs and opens his book. Dean figures he ought to get back to studying too, but he only manages to open his laptop before Castiel shows up to distract him with his unruly hair and stupid oversized NYU sweatshirt that has replaced the creepy trench coat he wore during the colder months.
They do study for a while. Cas gets easily distracted and Dean makes good on his word by holding him accountable. They don’t stop until Cas throws his notebook across the room.
He parked his bike outside the library and sat down on the same step he’d sat on last Monday. He pulled his phone out, but Castiel hadn’t texted him so Dean figured he was running late again. Dean ran a hand down his leggings clad calf. There was still some faded dirt on the one leg from the outside run a few days ago. He was wearing a pair of loose shorts over them, since he did not see any point in going home to change into gym clothes and Benny was picking him up at the library at 12pm anyway.
“What? No. Oh my god, let’s not even get into the commitment thing, jesus,” Dean says. “No, the gay freak-out. It’s happening.”
Dean makes a quick introduction of his friends that he’s sure Castiel won’t remember much of, and then sits down on the couch. Cas sits down next to him. He is soon engaged in conversation about microbiology and Wikipedia by Benny and Charlie.
Dean doesn’t respond but he pulls Cas along the path with him, shining his light across the tombstones and vegetation.
Dean’s hands shake but he doesn’t have to reply because Ash enters with a six-pack and says, “Hey, gay jokes are outdated. Besides, who here hasn’t made out with a guy?”
“Shut up, everything looks great!” Charlie said. They were silent for several seconds, Dean presumably fixing his costume and makeup while Charlie schemed. “So how are you feeling?”
“You know what, shut your lime green flip flops wearing ass up,” he says back with a whole lot of attitude, and Benny dies laughing.
But it wouldn’t be the first time he’s misinterpreted friendliness for flirting. He cringes as he remembers the first two weeks of getting to know Benny.
He was still pushing his little brother’s head out of the way when he greeted Cas. “Hey Cas,” he smiled and whispered, “Stop kicking!” to his brother behind him.
But it’s slow. Compared to what Dean is used to, they’re taking things painfully slow. They get close, they’ve made it to the bedroom and their underwear several times but Cas always slows things down, pushes Dean away, gives him that smile, the fucking apologetic one, like he is doing something wrong.
“Well, I was just about getting enough of this so you came at the right time,” he’d gestured to the stacks of paper.
“I assume you’re talking about Asshole Psych Major?” Sam mumbles without looking away from his document. He’s in the proof-reading phase, otherwise he’d have never engaged.
There’s complete silence after that, and Dean really wants to flee but doesn’t want to be dramatic. He’ll wait and see what Cas does.
But whatever. He had promised his mom he would not make any more fuzz about it, and it was just four hours a week. And Castiel really was cute.
“Right,” Dean grins bitterly, “like when you put food on the table after dad left, huh? Or make sure you make all the deadlines for applying to Stanford? Or, or maybe like when you remember your girlfriend’s birthday and don’t get mad at me for remembering. Or wait, no.”
“I think Ellen couldn’t care less. Jo’d just be sad ‘cause she still has a crush on you,” Sam says, grinning.
“Oh, then you must also know Asshole Psych Major?” Sam says, chuckling, and Dean wishes he didn't always talk so much shit, and why couldn’t he just have taken some other bullshit filler class to get his credit?
“What, no don’t be sorry. Work is work. You can just come with next time, it’s no problem.” Why is it so awkward when they both knew that Castiel was Jimmy Novak and they both knew, that they both knew.
But he’s already talking to companies and labs. One wants to see him for an interview before his final exam. He has told not one single soul about this, not even Sam.
He should have told Dean he was coming, Castiel thought as he started his walk. At least then Castiel could have known not to let Hanna and Charlie leave without him.
The first person he sees is Anna, of course, who is the host of the evening’s event, “Cas! I didn’t know you were coming!” she kisses his cheek.
Dean swallows again. Then takes a deep breath. “Uhm.” He starts. “I’m not sure where exactly we’re stuck, but I think it’s under the boat.”
Sam’s bitch-face disappears and he sits down in his rolling chair, stupid bitch-little brother smile on his face.
. He eats half a grapefruit and two sunny side ups with three cups of coffee at the breakfast buffet and then he stalls in the reception.
Castiel doesn’t say anything, just stares at Dean with those penetrative eyes of his. When he does speak it’s not what Dean expects: “I didn’t know you smoked weed.”
“This here is Dean. Like I already told ya, you’re not gonna get much better ‘round these parts. And if you find a way to make him shut up, you go ahead and let me know.”
Dean has one shoe on and his bag upturned in one hand when Castiel comes back with two mugs of steaming coffee.
Dean tries to hard to swallow his water in time to save the planet for having to go through the most painfully awkward moment in history, but his mission fails.
Dean orders a short stack and a side of bacon while the waitress fills his cup with coffee and gives him a sweet smile.
, Dean loves him so much). They try to one-up each other doing somersaults off the boat. And they both cheat at the poker games they play in the evenings that neither Cas nor Anna know the rules to.
“In what? Phys. Ed.?” Hanna said mercilessly, and Charlie roared with laughter, loud enough to be shushed by Marvin, the librarian.
Like this afternoon, a little over a week after the hand-in. He’d had the morning shift and finished at three when Meg came in, but it’s three hours later and he hasn’t left the café yet, still in uniform too, because a day has always had too few hours and he was supposed to study with Aaron.
“You were so good tonight, baby. I love seeing you on that stage and knowing that you’re. All. Mine,” Cas growls into his ear and he bends Dean over against one of the sidewalls of the stall.
The hunter unbuttoned his suit jacket upon entering the diner and lit up with a smile when he spotted something.
Castiel raises his eyebrows in surprise, “Really? That’s valuable information.” Dean can’t believe he talks like that.
“I hate 21-year olds,” Dean mumbles under his breath and Jo laughs too fucking shrilly for his fragile head.
Charlie huffed and rolled her eyes, “Cas, come on. Dean doesn’t mean that. He just has a flair for dramatics, you know that.”
Then Sam scoffs, “Your best friends are a guy and a girl, and you’re bi. You haven’t slept with them either.”
“Stop moping around, he’s not mad at you, baby. I love you too. Now make us some drinks!” Cas smiles and Dean doesn’t really know how he succeeds in cheering Dean up so easily without even using his tongue but he’s chosen not to look a gift horse in the mouth when it comes to the love Cas has for him..
Castiel tries not to scowl. He hears the familiar rumble of Dean’s outrageous car and gets up suspiciously fast to avoid Meg’s teasing.
“How is that possible?” she asked. “When I just saw them consummate their match in a filthy motel room?”
At 4am he texts Cas and obviously doesn’t get a reply. At 4.15am he calls him, forgetting that he’s the only one awake freaking out over this right now. The phone rings for a while but is finally answered by a gruff voice.
Cas rolls his eyes and chuckles. “Well, just so happens that I’m not staying on campus. How do you feel about sailing?”
He moans and pushes back against Cas, who groans in turn. He braces his arm on the wall and smiles through his haze of alcohol and arousal when he sees the ink they’d put on the bathroom wall.
“Well, you did just point out that he ‘fucks for a living’, like he somehow owes you for doing it professionally,” Sam says and Dean groans.
Sam’s shoulders fall, “Promise me you’ll talk to Charlie or Benny if you get… lonely, okay? And you can call me anytime,” he says it like he’d wanted to use another word than lonely. Like ‘bad’, or ‘destructive’ or ‘like dad’, which is a combination of the two.
? Dean does not give off homeschooled vibes, he explains “yeah, until high school. Then we start at the high school in town,” he points over his shoulder, in the direction of the town.
Dean kind of wants to see this guy high. He brings the laptop and charger to the bed and places them next to his pillow, “It’s memory foam. Wicked expensive but worth every fucking double shift. Now scoot,” he gently kicks Cas’ shin that’s hanging over the edge of the bed.
She couldn't help but laugh at his antics then and she opened her arm for Castiel to scoot into her warmth, “Well, sweetie, this show certainly sounds special,” she said and Castiel smiled sweetly up at her, “And I know Hanna and you are very sensible kids and would be fine in the city by yourselves.”
She grabs a muffin from the display, “You know this will go straight to your waist,” she smirks. Dean glares and leaves with the pot of coffee.
After a while Dean actually starts to relax. The beer does its job and the food is good for the price, and he’s not thinking about how he keeps meeting Castiel’s eye over the tacky candlelight in the middle of the table.
But there it is, the worst year of his life and the memories come flooding back until his legs feel weak under him and his breath is coming in shallow puffs, and he’s forgotten where he is until Charlie puts a hand over his, eyes wide with worry when Dean looks into them.
It makes Dean laugh out loud, luckily not loud enough to be heard over the screaming. He can hear them pass Cas’ station, and he removes his hockey mask, just in time to see Cas come through the door, grinning through the black goo dripping from his hairline.
They don’t talk much beyond grammar questions and offers of getting more coffee, but the silence between them isn’t unbearable. It’s enough that Dean even forgets to worry about the two of them and manages to focus solely on his thesis work for the day.
“So that means you do have plans,” Cas concludes. He turns around and lies on his stomach to face Dean. He kisses the side of Dean’s mouth in the process.
“That’s pretty neat,” Dean offers. There’s obviously some backstory Cas isn’t ready to fill him in on and Dean is not about to ruin this.
Dean is sitting in between Bobby and Cas for Sam’s graduation. Sam got valedictorian, which to Dean means he won Nerd of the Year. He’s almost bursting with pride, of course. Dean’s own graduation isn’t for another two days and Bobby, Jo and Ellen are all staying in town for it.
“Right. That probably earns you all sorts of badass points with the students, eh?” Dean says and there’s a glint in his eye when Castiel looks at him. He tries not to. He’s been in North Carolina for this same purpose - alligators, not cute boys in their early twenties (if even that). He’s supposed to take this time to take in the surroundings, the milieu.
“Sure.” Dean sits up and wraps an arm around Cas’ middle, and runs the other hand under his shirt. “When are you gonna take your clothes off again?” he says, teeth grazing Cas’ throat.
Yes, Castiel nods to himself. He will leave the note. At least then the Impala guy will know how he feels, even if he does not know who Castiel is. He lifts up one windshield wiper, ready to slip the note under it, when-
It has. Dean is swamped with quizzes and assignments, and dorm parties and work. Cas is swamped with teaching and office hours, his running club and reading. Usually, Deans comes straight to Cas’ apartment after all of it, but he also usually passes the fuck out before he’s even done telling Cas about his day. And Cas is still asleep when Dean gets up.
“Yeah!” Dean agrees and smiles too bright and offers to bring coffee for the both of them way too eagerly.
Castiel unpacks the things he needs, apparently thinking he’s going to get anything done, “How long have you been here?”
Anna comes over and sits down next to Cas and steals a sip from his beer that he switched to after the last pitcher, and then looks up. A smile of familiarity spreads on her face when she sees Dean, “Dean!” she leans across the table to throw her arms around his neck.
And then he finally fucks him, skin slapping together like they’re in a fucking porn movie, and Dean’s hips are pushed into the edge of the counter, his legs shaking.
For one, Cas didn’t have a stick up his ass anymore. Except maybe for the times Dean would talk about girls, but he tried not to do it since it bothered Castiel so much. There had been some awkwardness the past week once Dean had told him he was dating Anna, but Dean had solved that problem.
Cas smiles one of those tiny smiles that had Dean fall for him in the first place. Then he asks: “Are you gonna tell me what plans you’re cancelling?”
Charlie taps another key on Dean’s keyboard, likely deleting another comma. Dean knows he’s shit at that crap. He still stops his pacing to turn and look at her, “How’s it looking?” he asks for what must be rounding the 100th time.
“I can’t imagine I spend any more time on school than you do, Dean,” Castiel argued, and huh, he was probably right. But dancing was fun. Math? Not so much.
So it takes a moment, where Cas can worry. Even as they keep kissing, he worries that Dean will see him without his shirt and realize how much older Cas is.
Castiel came to a stop. It felt kind of cosmic that Dean should be here now, talking to Castiel, when Castiel wanted nothing more than to talk to him, but at the same time hadn’t a clue where to begin.
The creak of the gross bathroom stall door makes Dean pull up his panties in a rush, soaking them in both his own and Cas’ cum. The panties are probably a great symbol of his aesthetic.
Castiel observes Dean in the mirror while he flosses. He’s in the shower now, hand running over the tiles. “Damn” he mutters to himself, “bet the pressure’s just right in here.”
Maybe it had kinda been Cas’ fault. But Dean certainly hadn’t expected Cas to buy him a new laptop, and definitely not one that was worth twice as much as his old one.
“Uhm, yeah. If you’re sure,” he tells Cas, because there must be a reason he hasn’t been invited inside before.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It’s not that bad yet. Sam has a savings account if it gets really bad. But he also has a law school ambition that’s just getting closer, and Dean really doesn’t want to ask Bobby again, and the worries are starting to take a toll.
Castiel sounds calm but still bitter, and so offended that Dean feels sick with himself, “Don’t just tell me to relax, Dean.”
They get to the last chorus and they switch shaking their shoulders and turning around to shake their asses in teams of two with each ‘break, break, break’ and ‘fake, fake, fake’ and ‘shake, shake, shake’. Someone throws a pair of boxers onto the stage, so the rest of the audience follows along, and soon the four queens are cancan-ing in a sea of cigarettes, condoms and eyelashes. Glitora feels in her element.
Sam had been wary – could he drink like that two nights in a row? – but Dean had assured him that things didn’t usually get that crazy. Crowley just lets peole drink for free when someone had just come out, and Dean had in a sense come out as a drag queen the night before.
He wakes up in Dean’s hut, Dean sitting against the wall next to him on their shared mattress. They haven’t been at Dean’s much, for obvious reasons (it’s a disgusting hut in a swamp, basically, and doesn’t have a shower), and also because of Sam and the lack of privacy. But they’d come in late last night and agreed to stay here for the night.
“You guys are disgusting!” Sam yells back, but there’s a smile and drunken slurring to be found in his voice.
The waitress brings them water while they take too long to decide what to order because they keep getting distracted by conversation.
Bella’s shoulders slump. She gestures between the two of them. “Before you left, we were practically a thing,” she says, “and this is the most dickish thing you could have done to me. You didn’t even end it, you just came back with a boyfriend old enough to be your father.”
But instead he’s looking at Dean, who’s sat, thighs spread, at the end of the boat, steering lazily with one arm as wind plays along his short light brown hair and ratty t-shirt. He’s wearing sunglasses now, wayfarers with a bright green frame and not only are they hideous but also hiding away eyes that Cas was not done looking at.
Having Castiel raise his voice just made Dean contrite. He leaned back in his seat, his arms folded across his chest. He tried not to feel like a petulant child, “Seriously? You’re seriously gonna be like that? Just because my mom’s not paying you to tutor her stupid son anymore, you’re just gonna move on to the next dumb kid?”
It’s in some old building where Dean has never had a class. Maybe because it’s some lame literature elective that has nothing to do with anything, least of all Cas’ major. He just thought it was interesting because he’s such a nerd.
“Hey Dean, d’ya wanna get your face painted?” Benny asks, getting up from the chair, apparently finished.
Hanna nodded slowly, “Well, you weren’t really serious, were you? Wasn’t it just because you were tutoring him?”
Dean avoids Bobby for the rest of the evening, and he avoids Cas too. He avoids pretty much anyone he has a close relationship with because he’s a coward, and instead spends his brother’s college graduation small-talking with somebody else’s distant relatives.
He wrings his hands nervously and contemplates fluffing the couch cushions. Why is he like this? He cannot count on his fingers how many people he’s slept with, and really no matter what Sam or Benny might say, most of them have been hot. One of them was even a porn star, so why is this a big deal?
So yeah, Cas hadn’t exactly been watching where he was going and he’d knocked his hip into the table, hard too, he still has the bruise, sending the laptop to its death on the living room floor.
They don’t have much time to hang out but Dean isn’t even worried about it because he knows they are both busy with their school stuff. And Cas knows it too.
“I would feel better if I came over instead,” Cas says, kind of condescendingly like Dean is lying about being drunk.
“Well, that’s good,” Hanna put her hand on his shoulder, “I’m glad for you, I am, Cas. I just thought we agreed on this.”
“Rowena said you’d taken off on foot. Figured there’s no use in wasting everybody’s time, so I came to meet you halfway.” Bobby says.
Castiel had an open expression on his face but Dean had a hard time facing him. Dean knew this went way beyond tutoring already but he somehow still found himself nervous.
He fills the three cups and Meg calls his name to say his muffin is done. He snatches the plate from her and keeps glaring when he notices her begging eyes, “Will you give this to the guy down there? Table 13.”
The guy is standing by the car’s rear and Castiel is thankful for the distance. He curses Meg and Charlie. Some lookouts they are.
Meg smirks and quirks an eyebrow but Dean’s smile widens, “Awesome! Make it apple,” he winks at Cas and Cas frowns harder and stomps off towards the designated dessert set-up, contemplating pumpkin out of spite..
Dean hoists his duffel bag back up and they say their goodbyes and Dean promises to be back for Sam’s birthday.
Dean doesn’t think that what they have planned today is a dick appointment anyway. He has his hopes but he's trying to be realistic. It had been a little awkward when they’d made the plans.
To egg Cas on Dean slips a hand down Castiel’s underwear to get a handful of ass, pulls the boxers down his thighs, and he changes his position a little, so they’re dick-to-dick, aligned as they grind. Dean barely has time to moan out loud at the new sensations before Castiel is off him, kneeling above him and looking at him with wide eyes.
His gangly little brother drops his duffel bag in the hallway and sits on the armrest next to Dean. He steals a fry, “Good. We were really lucky with the weather.”
Dean sighs, slumping against the counter and runs a hand over his face, “Yeah, school. Work, Cas. It’s everything. Money.”
“Deeeean! Thish ma brotha,” Sam hooks his arm around Dean’s shoulder and points at him with his other hand.
“Uhm," Castiel stumbles. It is close to midterms so he does not plan anything but homework further than 12 hours ahead, "I'm free right now?"
Dean closes the door and goes into the kitchen. He might as well do something productive since he’s already awake.
Dean sees his friends from where he’s standing in line. Cas is shuffling towards them, book in front of his face because the fucker ‘forgot’ to do his homework (forgot = would rather fuck Dean in the shower) and he nearly falls when he walks into the bench the others are sitting on.
That’s uncalled for, and Dean’s chest burns with anger at her words. “We hung out because we’re friends, Bela! We have never kissed, we’ve never slept together! We’ve played poker and watched Disney +! That’s not a fucking love confession!” Dean shouts.
And even though Dean spends the rest of the year surrounded by grad students and working over time five times a week, he doesn't think he's ever been more content.
“No, Dean, even though you are. I know what your GPA is. I told them you’re in a fraternity,” Cas says.
“Nah, baby,” Dean says getting up, “your body was made for worshipping,” he winks at Cas over his shoulder.
The girl giggles obnoxiously, “You staying on campus for the holidays?” she asks and Dean confirms. “Call me if you get cold,” she says with a wink and saunters off.
“I think Meg had it wrong,” Dean says then, determined to break the ice. He’s the one who has a mountain of apology to get started on.
“Oh come on, Cas, you’re the smartest person I know, I’m sure you don’t have to change a thing,” Dean means it. Or it’s a tie between Sam and Cas. Nerds.
Dean chuckled, “Thanks, Cas. You look dashing as well. You wanna keep hitting on each other or should we get this shit over with?”
It’s Saturday and Dean had wanted to take Cas out for breakfast, but Cas had wanted to sleep in. They’d agreed on breakfast in bed.
She’s talking to a group of people and Cas doesn’t know any of them so he sits down on the curb instead. He follows her with his eyes as her and Alistair part from the bigger clique and he doesn’t even look away when Dean joins him, sitting next to him on the curb. When they start making out, he shifts his eyes to his clasped hands between his knees.
Castiel twirls his coffee cup between long fingers. It reminds Dean of a video with anal beads, and fuck man, he’d been doing so well on the whole separating Jimmy from Cas-thing. He’s proud to announce he hasn’t been on that site for three weeks now!
He’s made sure Sam is out of the house (he’s at some blonde’s apartment, Dean is proud) and Dean has done the dishes and deleted his browser history. The basics.
“If you didn’t work there I don’t believe I’d be quite so social myself,” Castiel says way too genuinely for what Dean is prepared for.
Someone from the bayou is supposed to pick him up so Cas skims through the throng of people in the hall, people coming, leaving, waiting, and like Cas, looking lost.
Cas doesn’t look angry when Dean finally looks at him for more than two seconds. He’s frowning, like he’s listening intently to what Dean has to say and he’s looking a little… confused, maybe?
Cain’s emails Dean his comments on the Specific Aims and Dean doesn’t look at them for 24 hours, which is when Sam forces him to check them.
He doesn’t dare take a look in the mirror as he brushes his teeth. His head is pounding and when he makes his way back into the living room he is certain there are two Jos eating cereal on the pullout couch.
“Besides you’re the one who fucking staring at me all the time! What’s that about?” Dean is all but yelling and who’s Cas to not respond in kind.
“Lets play a drinking game!” he suggests a little too eagerly but he doesn’t even care. Dean is doing too well.
“Sure thing. Mosquitoes love me, man. I can’t go out here without that stuff or they eat me alive. I mean it. And it’s not even bad now, wait till we go out and it’s twilight. Phew. Nasty little bloodsuckers.”
Dean’s breath hitched and he nodded, afraid his voice would betray him and crack if he tried to speak.
They all smile awkwardly some more and then the waitress comes and apparently, they all have to fucking order now, and Dean hasn’t even looked at the menu. Not that he needs to. As long as it has cheese and bacon, he won’t complain.
Dean knows she’s joking. But somehow, he’s not laughing. He sends her a half smile and turns back to his homework.
“Mmh,” Castiel mumbles distractedly while waving goodbye to a couple of familiar faces. They make it to the next block where Dean had to park Baby before Castiel suddenly stops, making Dean bump into his back.
He hands the cup and paper bag to Cas and leans over the counter on his elbows, which he recognizes as such a bimbo move but can’t stop, “Hey Cas?”
So they’re introduced as Miss Glitora Clitora and Madame Glamorama D-Lite, names based on birthdays and front letters and Dean doesn’t remember who is who but then they’re on stage.
Dean exits the restroom and checks that Cas is still at their table. He’s a little misplaced at an IHOP, but he’d been thrilled about the pancakes.
“And for someone to write my fucking full proposal.” Dean gets a headache whenever he thinks of the next few months lying ahead of him.
Since his mom needed the car to carpool Sam and some of his buddies back from soccer practice, Dean couldn’t give Castiel a ride that Monday. Instead he found him already at their regular table when he finally made his way to the cafe.
“Nope, that-“ he points to the closed door to Sam’s room, “is my brother’s room.” Castiel nods. Dean points in a different direction, “Bathroom. And,” he opens the last door, “My room.”
They finished in comfortable silence aside stray questions about scholastics and then they made their way through the library, Dean texting away on his phone. He looked up and around, and slapped Castiel’s arm upon spotting a vending machine, “Hey, I need a redbull. Do you want anything?”
Dean gets a beer from the fridge, “Yes, I’m talking about Asshole Psych Major. He’s driving me crazy. Do you think it’s a psych thing? Creating their own clients?” He plops down next to Sam, who doesn’t look at him.
!” He says dramatically, making something Dean can only describe as jazz hands. He’s not sure what a ‘mama’ is, but he hopes it isn’t considered cheating.
He meets Benny who looks just as dazed, and Charlie who looks like she’s just heard the best joke ever, and Dean can’t help but feel like the butt of it, at the exit.
While Dean and Benny are busy communicating through head gestures and eye rolls, Cas excuses himself to go say hi to Charlie and Mick.
“Glitora! I don’t pay you to make moon-eyes at your boyfriend, get back to work!” Mrs. Rainbow hollers from the bar, and Dean springs up. “I’m sorry, we’ll talk later, okay?”
They cover an array of topics (and a lot of complaining about examination committees) and after a while the topic goes back to family. To Sam.
“Did hell freeze over? What the fuck was he doing there?” Dean asks. He leans forward, resting his elbows on his knees.
“What’s her major?” Bobby asks, having never gotten over when Dean dated an art major and she made Bobby out of papier mache.
Castiel nods silently when he hands Dean his phone back and Dean smiles at him, so Castiel just smiles back and no one is saying anything; Meg is just standing there, staring up at them with a knowing smile on her face before she interrupts the moment.
“I’m aware. We’re going somewhere else. I will not sit around and watch you flirt for another hour when it’s my job to get you to pass your classes,” he zipped his bag with determination, not caring if Dean thought he was some geeky slave driver.
Dean rolled one finger over the bottom of the steering wheel, fidgeting, “We’re still gonna hang, right?”
As they waited for the homescreen to show, Hanna swirled in her chair to face Castiel, “So what about Dean?”
Castiel waved after her and hurried on his way. He didn’t know much about his student. He knew that his name was Dean, he was a junior like Castiel, and he was failing German and math.
But they don’t go on dates or things like that. Sure, they study together sometimes and they get coffee together often. And breakfast, lunch and dinner here and there… But it’s not like when he has dated girls (and he has dated tons of those), and there are all these games and you have to say the right thing and act like you don’t care but buy flowers and shit.
The heart wanted what it wanted, and apparently that was a dark-haired, pedantic nerd who actually used color-coordinated markers.
Sam gives a beautiful speech and Dean doesn’t shed a fucking tear, okay? He doesn’t! He lets Cas take his hand for about thirty seconds before he panics again.
At the first taste of it Dean moans, low in his throat, and his eyes roll back before squeezing shut as he comes.
The street lamps provide them enough light to find the church and the entrance to the graveyard. But they stop in front of the iron gates, gazing ahead of them into utter darkness.
He hasn’t talked to Cas in six days and he hasn’t told anyone about the fight. He knows he’s the asshole in this so what’s the point? He just has to wait until Castiel is ready to hear an apology. If that time ever comes.
How he can fantasize about this guy and jack off to his videos with regularity and be so hyper-aware that he’s seen this guy naked, and
Castiel looks surprised at Dean’s offer that’s really more of a demand, and Dean flushes. Before he can take anything back though, Castiel nods.
Dean twists his head, making sure he just heard that correctly. He knows the term, has heard it before. But never in a million years had he expected
“Sssh!” Dean shushes him loudly. Cas wonders if he knows Cas is here. But then why would he continue to fight? “I told you that in confidence,” Dean says, voice low and angry. “And he’s not fucking twice my age.”
He shakes his head, “It wasn’t a panic attack. And I’ve just been a little stressed lately. It’s really not a big deal.”
Dean’s throat constricts and he’s not sure if he wants to vomit or cry. He was going to fix it himself. “I always am.”
Dean doesn’t want to think about it. He has done a terrific job of not thinking about it since it happened. Or since it
He swipes his card, grinning winningly at Cas, “Don’t worry, toots. Daddy’s got it,” he says and expects a protest, an apology, maybe a deadpan stare.
But they’re not gonna talk about it now either, and Cas quickly gets the tube and cardboard box from the plastic bag in his bedroom.
