“But I don’t remember the impact.”
had been considerably hampered.
His eyes flicked to his fascinating new companion, the firelight catching sparks in his silver hair, the earnestness to
A ball of tension relaxes in his chest. Sherlock hadn’t even realized he was carrying it.
“Just tell me what happened, how you got us back here.”
"John!" Even from so far down, Sherlock's relief is palpable. John feels warmed by his friend's concern. "I'm going to get you out. Right now. I’ve made a makeshift sling. I'm throwing it down now - can you get in? Can you hold on?”
Sherlock thought after a long pause,
“Dragon?” John wagered.
John has re-packed his first aid kit with efficient speed and is nearly out the door.
Sherlock studies John as he speaks, monitoring the direction of his gaze. It indicates the lobe he’s accessing for each memory – imagined or recalled, emotional or visual. He notes the building tension of the muscles around John’s eyes, nostrils flaring, the tendons of his neck straining sharply. The old tremor rattles his hand and nearly spills his tea. Sherlock deftly takes the mug, sets them both on the table, and folds John’s hands into his own. They’re warm from the mug and tremble in his grasp.
The memory came as if from a hundred years ago.
John holds his wrist close to his eyes, peering at the skin.
“No, what? Who is he?”
“John…” He’s fading, his voice barely a mutter. “Glad you came.”
He followed the panther’s soft footsteps through a cozy parlor, his own worn boots silent on a thick, intricately patterned rug laid out before a tasseled chaise lounge covered with small silk pillows. The shelves here were filled with more old books and unusual artifacts from, John assumed, Mrs. Hudson’s extensive travels.
“Don’t be dramatic, John. While your condition is clearly serious, you are still able to follow basic instructions and respond to conversation. You are not in fact dying, though it would be unwise for you to move very much lest the cold blood in your extremities flow too quickly through your heart or other organs. Cardiac arrest is a possibility. The well water was roughly 45 degrees, making it less likely.”
Sherlock eyed it warily. “A gift?”
A more auspicious natal day.’
Sherlock smiles.
“Ah, ta, love,” John rolls his eyes. “The ‘blessing’ covers our new circumstances too, not just the baby.” He absently pulls Sherlock’s hand to his lips to brush with a kiss.
Sherlock sets down the empty milk bottle and moves Melissa into the burping position over the cloth on his shoulder. After a few taps it’s clear she’s asleep again. He passes her to John for a cuddle and peeks into the basket.
John’s head spun with this new information, but it was Sherlock’s last words that froze in his gut. “I didn’t leave with you because I thought you’d take me across the bloody Wall,” John said quietly.
There is panic in Sherlock's voice.
he croaked. “Did you forget to do your own Expunge? You sound delirious with fever.”
Is there more ink in my fingerprints than usual?”
“John, I
Sherlock’s silence stretched. Finally he mumbled in a small voice, “I thought it was the Faerie. Destroying my family. Because of me.”
Sherlock has stared at him like this so many times in the past, when John would fall asleep reading on the couch at 221B, or doze on the train on the way to an investigation, his features youthful, shedding a layer of tension. At those times, he’d always been afraid John would wake up too soon and find him staring. Now, he can’t wake up soon enough.
“Oh?”
John huffed a dry, humorless laugh and crossed his arms. “Believe me, I’m not. How do I know
, seeing as you were
“Mm, yea, bit stuffy, though.”
Since, due to the security risks, we are not able to procure milk from Rosamund, why not go for home-cooked instead of defaulting so quickly to formula?”
Sherlock quietly delighted in her glow of surprise. “That’s correct,” she said, her mouth crooking into a smile.
“You should know,” he says in a rush, “my landlady gives me a remarkably favorable rate. Between the two of us, we could cover it handily, even on your pension. I play the violin when I think, argue with myself, sometimes don’t talk for days on end, generally utterly disagreeable to be around–”
“It’s nothing.”
“I didn’t, John. You just. Woke up.”
Sherlock smiles and kisses his brow.
“They won’t.” Sherlock cut in bluntly.
“Thank you. I... I’m just relieved it’s over. I can’t quite believe it. Where will you take her?”
“Okay?”
“Mrs. Hudson,” they say in unison.
“I know.”
The mechanical bird perched on the windowsill, gears whirring, its smooth, polished body reflecting the browning grass of the courtyard below. The doves cocked their heads and avoided it. A parcel raven pecked stoically at the tray of seed, defecating onto the straw-strewn floor as if to make a point.
He disentangles himself from the blankets and finds John’s dressing gown on the hook. He ties it on, enjoying the smell of him on the fabric, eyes darting briefly to the too-clean place in the corner where, two weeks ago, their nemesis was finally overcome.
But a sudden irrational fear seizes him as he realizes they may not be here to deliver good news. He grabs Sherlock’s hand to steady him, as well as himself.
about healing halfblood exhaustion sickness,” she clucked over her shoulder. “The haven isn’t enough. He needs my herbs. He
Wall. He knew it like he knew his own face in a mirror. Sherlock had actually done it – he’d brought them right to it. John’s eyes wandered up and down the meandering stones. The humming barrier dividing his world and Faerie could move leagues away at any moment, becoming just a humble row of rocks in a sleepy forest.
He quickly drained the last of his tea and, after a glance at the sofa to be sure his charge was sleeping peacefully, limped stiff-legged after Lune, down the stairs to the ground-floor flat he’d glimpsed only that morning. It felt like an age had passed since then. His stomach growled in agreement.
John’s brow knits as his foggy mind tells him that Sherlock has been in no condition to run across moors or scale ropes. But he can’t for the life of him remember why.
John quirks an eyebrow at him, considering this.
The baby. That tiny bundle of cells nestled in its mother’s womb, a ribbon of existence unspooling from its incredible potential, yet so small, utterly out of his reach. He craves that potential desperately. Sherlock’s practical voice in his head is incredulous at how much he can grieve the
“I… like taking care of you, John.”
the parson had concluded,
a bridge pylon itself, in a homely troll hole, completely hidden.
John jolts awake where he’d been dozing, mashed against Sherlock’s bare chest where he could feel the puffs of breath coming from their sleeping daughter’s nose. One of the nurses is standing over them again, the one, he thinks, who’d first announced they had a
“You’re a gem, Sherlock, but you’re not the only clever boots Daddy’s got in the lab.”
Sherrin, I’ve done it. Three of my rats, with synthesized dementia, have regained memories and retained them for over 24 hours. I need to talk to you. Immediately!!!
“I know. It’s just... there were so many
“Bloody hell.” Sherlock launches out of bed. “We’d best both go deal with this together. She can’t throttle us at the same time, and if she goes for me, you can pull her off.”
As reward for sticking with me through all the angst, I bring you a chapter of pure milkweed fluff. I hope you enjoy!
Regretfully, Sherlock noticed that his companion’s emotions were still silent.
Bit by bit, John has healed. He doesn’t jump at Sherlock’s touch, begins to surprise him with ambush-snogs while Melissa plays happily on the floor at their feet. He sleeps more regularly, aided each night by a pungent, herbal infusion Sherlock plucks from his grandmother’s overgrown perennial herb beds.
they played us, completely played us. My antidote wouldn’t hold. It was stalling this plan of theirs, something big. I got wind of it from a friend, another scientist, brilliant woman. She was worried about me getting the axe.” He grimaces. “Looks like I did.
Sherlock suddenly swoops over John, knocking him back into a graceful dip, kissing him showily for all to see. Someone in the cue whoops at them. “John,” he whispers against his lips, “we’ve
will always have its way. That was Jim’s downfall, of course. He always thought he could out-think chaos. He was brilliant, but weak. And you,” her face suddenly hardens as she turns to him, “despite what he believed, have nothing of his genius. It’s faulty then, your magnificent serum.”
“Let’s get the fuck off this mountain. Next time, how 'bout just Epping Forest. With Rosie."
“Because,” John sighs. “I’m a doctor. This is what I do when things get medically stressful.
in this pure, open way. Unlike the feelings he harbors for John, the love he has for Rosie – for love it is – does not need to be doubted, cross-examined, loathed, and locked into the deepest vaults of his mind palace, only occasionally breaking free of their ingenious restraints when John nearly dies. Unfortunately, it’s a regular thing with them. He’s got a tally.
Though privately at odds with the goal of his commanders, military life had actually appealed to John. His days were far from bland. The magical field training sharpened his healing skills and he enjoyed the patrols through the wilderness, hunting for the shifting, mercurial Wall.
Huge thanks to my beta shirleycarlton for wading through an unexpected flood of writing so we can get this story clicking along after a long hibernation!
had truly left his fantastical preoccupations behind and settled into the work of a Godly mage.
The din startled a flock of starlings pecking at old apples beneath the trees. Johnny watched their swirling flock disappear over the hill and felt strangely abandoned, then gasped as the magic released. Muddy turf rushed toward him. He lurched sharply to a stop and choked back a sob, his face a hand's breadth above the ground.
Slipping out of his mind palace, he very carefully shifts across the bed, closing the gap between them, and eases himself against John’s side. He stays like that a moment, stiff and terrified. Gradually, the sound of John’s steady breathing lulls him, the warmth of him soothing. He drops his head to John’s chest and listens to his heartbeat. He is asleep in moments.
John felt a deep pain creeping into his gut, a wave of nausea washing over him. Mrs. Hudson’s prediction had come true. “Right, then,” he announced with resign into the silence. “Back to work.”
Thanks for your very kind comments and enthusiasm for this story - I'm also sorry I made you wait up on the ridge! The writing is going a little slower mid-week, so here's a shorter chapter and some relief. (Also, I'm not beta'd so please forgive the typos I overlook.)
Sherlock obeyed, watching as the healer pressed the pads of his fingers to various spots on his chest, listening.
“The whole bloody night.” John flops back in the chair, shaking his head slowly. “It’s there, and then, it just stops. Like an eraser worked on my mind. I walk up to the security monitor at Magnusson’s private office. Janine rings me up, I go up the elevator. She gives me a peck on the cheek and tells me they’re upstairs, go on up, thinks I’m part of it, heads back to her desk. I walk through a big sitting room. There’s this awful red rug on the floor. Then… I wake up
Unintended easter egg!! I had no idea at the time that the Russian TV version of Sherlock is called ‘Rock, Paper, Scissor.’ This bit got written in Chapter 2 because anytime I play the game with my partner of 18 years, we usually make identical plays over and over. It occurred to me that Sherlock would always be able to deduce his opponent’s play based on their personality, previous moves, and the limited variables of the game. I thought it would be sweet for Sherrin to have made a more difficult version for Little Sherlock with chemical compounds and 2-handed plays. Shortly after writing this scene, I stumbled upon the Russian show and blustered for a while about '
“Just relax, don’t want you fallin’ back in. Might not be so lucky with my net, next time.”
Whomever he owes money to will have rather base ways of extracting punishment. He’s seen his brother bruised and bloodied over debts before. Sherlock suspects he actually likes losing. More dangerous that way.
While he’d been concentrating, John had sprouted formidable sideburns and was giving him an encouraging grin that twisted his insides. Sherlock did not want to disappoint him.
Enormous thanks for everyone's patience as busy summer life has put writing on the back-burner. I also, adorably, now need to divide my writing time between The Man in the Iron Collar and a personal fanfiction I'm writing for my 9yo son. It is a rather labor-intensive way to encourage summer reading, but he is adoring his very own 'Zelda, Breath of the Wild' chapter book. He helps me plot the outline. Link and Zelda are becoming such good friends on their adventures. :}
“I don’t know. I’m dreaming.”
“Security was too easily corruptible. The second: they poisoned the water at your flat. Do you recall that notice from the city telling you the plumbing on your street had been compromised by
And thank god we didn't know much about YouTube in 2007 or have easy access to drones... I'd never, ever have found myself on this ramble!
“John, are you
bit, after all that dodgy stuff we just climbed?”
“John–” Sherlock breathes into his ear, once they’re alone. “It’s okay. We’re okay.”
about bringing someone I care so much about near perilous drops.”
recovery ahead of you.” He grins.
“So, what then, partners?”
“Good. There’s hope for you, yet.” He pushed the mug at the boy and stalked out of his cluttered office, turning down the cold marble corridor toward his department’s aviary. Clipping toward him in sharp-heeled boots was Sergeant Tobi Gregson, the long tendrils of her tight braids flowing behind her.
When his turn had come, Johnny had held his breath as the cold iron touched the crown of his skull. His thoughts had gone fuzzy, his hands had felt weak, and
“Jesus, Greg, you don’t think I–”
Mornings with Sherlock, like this, bantering in bed, tussling over the papers and tossing them aside spontaneously to make love. Tramps in the highlands they’d never managed to get around to. Libraries Sherlock had mentioned that he’d never taken him to.
“You… let him get to me. Encouraged it, even.”
can be more interesting than you think.”
onto the deck of the London Bridge!
“Not scary enough. Needs more psilocybin.”
he manages to gasp. To his surprise, John obeys, standing wobbily as Sherlock tugs down the interfering pajamas bottoms. Finally, all of John’s skin is there for him to stroke and bite and tug. Sherlock rubs his hands over him greedily, pulling him into his lap until John is straddling him in his chair.
“Despite your injuries, despite your past, you choose to cycle on busy, darkened streets. You
Sherlock listens as the rhythm of John’s breathing becomes deliberate. He was right – John
Decanting a precise amount of whiskey into a beaker, Sherlock does.
“Didn’t you make up that imbecilic game for Sherlock when he was five?” He sneers. “So Sherrinford, back home hiding from your debt collectors? Or just bringing your homework by for Sherlock to do?”
Sherlock points to his screen and taps ‘play’ on a YouTube video he’s loaded. A sheer, stony ridge appears, rust red, shot from above by a drone. Brightly colored dots move along the narrow crest, the sides sloping steeply to the valley far below. John stiffens and suddenly the flutters in Sherlock chest are frozen, replaced with a sinking dread.
“Steady now. Hold on to the sink. Be back in a moment.”
“Slept for nearly a week and can’t keep my eyes open. Famished, though. Should eat something first.”
Sherlock carefully peeks in the back of the nappy. “Ah, excellent. Her meconium is passing – the thick, tarry excrement–”
They’ve reached the cash machine. Sherlock quickly withdraws the funds, passing payment for dinner to John, plus a nice tip.
brilliant together,” Sherlock says firmly. John’s eyes jump to his a little guiltily. “I will warrant that our mutual addiction to danger has been extremely entertaining for us and useful to others in a roundabout way. But the cost, John… Sherrin lost his
“And you may never have the chance if you do not cease your inquisition,” he growls, not taking his eyes from the page.
“Night train? Oh,
John blinked. “Oh.”
John took a deep breath to steady himself and unclenched his hands, realizing he’d crushed several of the blossoms he’d been holding. “I’m sorry…”
magic in a fire-breathing act before.”
“Yes.”
“John, I’m going to touch your shoulder, is that okay?”
“It’s my fault, John, I detained you longer than I anticipated in the bath,” Sherlock smirks into the mirror, adjusting his own dark tie, giving a long look at the artichoke currently ensconced in his scarf on the shelf. John has playfully added a child’s pirate eyepatch to it.
“The Order of Chaeronea?”
They plunged into deep water. John flailed, disoriented in the murky darkness, then kicked towards air, pulling with two hands.
No one has lived here for almost twenty years. He’d hired a crew to clean it and mow down the waist-high garden, but the place had felt forlorn. Gradually, the delighted cackles of their baby, the clank of dishes in the sink after breakfast, the whistle of the kettle, the rustle of newspapers, the raucous din of Melissa’s baby-sized instruments, and gradually, at night, the song of their lovemaking, began to fill the cottage with life.
“Of course, John.”
“What? Oh, sure, of course.” He frowns. “You don’t have to ask.”
Sherlock glares at him over his shoulder.
John feverishly reads the article, then searches for anything else he can find on the subject. He’s read through three other sources by the time Sherlock begins to stir against him. John grins softly as Sherlock’s fingers emerge from the blankets and rove over his chest, feeling the texture of the fabric and bumping into the laptop and mug. The fingers push under the lapels of the robe to lightly stroke John’s skin. With a hum, John leans over to kiss Sherlock’s temple.
“You do, and you’re wondering how you haven’t been caught.”
The large cat’s back, which easily reached John’s waist, was speckled with bright spots, like sunlight filtering through a jungle canopy. The creature regarded them with wide, golden eyes, circling their legs with powerful formality once, twice, thrice, whiskers flickering, then returned to the woman’s side.
“Bloody hell,” his whispers. “Sherlock, where are you?”
want?”
He opens the door to the foyer, their kicked-off shoes mingled by the umbrella stand, laundry still half-folded in piles on the sofa. He’d promised to finish it up that night. None of them had come back.
the one who gave him the last serum, unstable and untested, when he was losing more memory than Gran.”
“Yes,” she sighs. “Your little
He feels John’s back muscles spasm. He cries out into Sherlock’s mouth, pushing him into a bright, violet-tinted rush that builds between his legs and pulses out through his limbs.
“Yes. The symbol, the heart on fire, was always a particular favorite of Jim’s when it came to me. Punishing me. For not belonging to him. Your marriage was the final phase in his plan to
They leave Sherlock to his work and sit around steaming plates at the kitchen table.
A dull, horrible fist of anxiety sinks into Sherlock’s solar plexus. This video could have been the last recorded moment he had of John. Of John
Lestrade wasn’t a halfblood-lover by any means. Like any law man, he knew that wild magic was insidiously corrupting their population, giving dangerous, unpredictable powers to humans. He’d seen horrors in his time: half-giant children who’d destroyed a village in a fit of temper; a fire mage who’d burned down an entire steam plant, killing hundreds of Vibrationists at work; a Clairvoyant slaver who had held countless captives in his thrall for decades.
Thank you for enduring the Witch's Tit scene. I was having much too much fun.
Again the silence was broken by a deep rumbling sound coming from the shadows beyond the bed. Heart thundering in his chest, Sherlock studied the lumpy shape – too large to be a Netter, even with elephant alterations. The shape shifted, its head tipping toward the lantern light, and Sherlock almost laughed.
“It’s okay,” he says very quietly, the anger an electric current just below the surface of his words. “I remember now. It was Mary. She did this to us.”
Sherlock sets the bag at his feet and rifles through his wallet for notes. He sees the delivery man eyeing the room behind him and feels a sudden stab of self-consciousness. What’s wrong with him? He never cared when Chen saw his flat in disarray.
Without pausing, he veers off the path, slides down the bank, and lowers himself into the cool water. Floating on his back, the water lapping his face, he stretches out his arms, weightless, and lets the memory fill his every pore.
Sherlock scowled, suddenly confused. He knew that he had lost
22.07.93   17:10
Sherlock’s frown melts. “That was clever, John.” He steps close to wrap him in his towel and kiss him, sweetly now, without the fury of the hurricane he’d felt last night. “And… thank you.”
you do?”
“Now don’t get used to this,” she scolded warmly. “I’m a
She laid a reassuring hand on John’s shoulder. “I only mean to help him, you’re quite safe here.”
The first frenzied minutes of John’s flight had been sheer, adrenaline-fueled joy. Sherlock crowed wildly, dipping loops and turning corkscrew spirals in the air as they sped away, crazed with delight to be free and airborne. John clung on hard and whooped with him.
John squeezes his eyes shut tight and smiles broadly, tears making tracks down his cheeks. He sniffs, his voice rough.
Let me
Sherlock squints at him, his puzzlement deepening. John doesn’t show any signs of dismay.
big bit of the news,” John says mildly to Molly, whose face crumples into a grinning sob as she hugs him fiercely.
“Good thinking, that.” He plunges his stiff hands to the well floor, the slime of algae making him shudder. In this position, the water reaches his throat. He strains to keep his face above it.
Sherlock ducks his head against the upturned collar of the coat and doesn’t respond, just tightens his grip on him, as if he could squeeze away the cold that’s sunk deep into John’s bones. Minutes slide by in silence and as weariness slips over him, John marvels at the simplest things: fresh wind pushing at his face; the sound of trees rustling all around them; the sensation of Sherlock’s breath against his neck. He shivers and shivers.
, not a bedraggled Queen’s Man and a wilted halfblood.”
Suddenly he hears Sherlock’s feet thundering down the stairs.
“That, John, is the real scene of the crime. Atop Snowdon, King Arthur killed the lord of the mountain – a loathsome giant named Rhitta Gawr who fashioned a cape for himself out of the beards of his enemies. Arthur’s men covered his corpse in huge stones on the summit of the mountain.” Sherlock spreads his arms dramatically, taking in the glimmering lakes below, seeming no larger than ponds from their perch. “According to legend, the Lake of Llydaw, long imagined to be bottomless, may hold Arthur’s Excalibur.”
one.”
Instead a hesitant hand, trembling with the simple effort of moving across the sheet, rests on top of his. He twitches slightly at the touch, his fist uncurling, then looks back at John, confused. John’s eyes glitter and his expression is baffling. His voice is unexpectedly soft.
“Hear them,
“John! John, I’m here!” Sherlock suddenly leans over the side of the well, his voice bouncing around the walls as he lowers a bulky bundle from another rope.
“You got paid today. And paid off your card sharks.”
It occurs to Sherlock that this is their first real public outing since John has woken, since the wall that Rosamund forced between them has crumbled, since they’ve become a
Back at the manor, Sherlock finds his bedroom transformed. A tidy stack of familiar notebooks rests on his workbench: their research on TD-12. A crate full of shockingly high tech apparatus is hidden just out of sight beneath the worktop. The rat terrariums hold familiar old rodents, Mergatroid and Pearl, among others. (The absence of big, tawny old Morpheus jolts his stomach.) What’s most suspicious is the thin, matte-grey flatbed scanner already wired to his computer.
John smiles, bringing Sherlock’s fingers to his lips.
Building a wall around my skull isn’t the same as going through bloody
To: wssholmes1875@iol.com
A companionable silence stretched between them, the candles burning low and firelight flickering on the lustrous black fur of the panther sleeping by the hearth.
“That’s brilliant,” John breathed. “Certainly eases my fears a bit.”
“It was a lovely first date. Thank you. There will be time for
(See the end of the chapter for
scratch.” He gives Sherlock a sudden, mischievous smile in the mirror. “Oy, hang on–”
okay–”
“Sherlock, christ, just keep calm, you’re going to be okay.
An elephant trumpeted. With a quick, strong motion, Sherlock gripped John around the middle, pushed up from the dusty ground, and leaped into the air like a cork from a bottle. John’s peaked woolen cap flew from his head. Adrenaline singing in his ears, John clung tightly to Sherlock as they soared above the big top. Purplish tendrils of energy crackled around their skin. From far below, he could hear alarmed cries of ‘
“When I was fifteen years old.”
do next. When you’re up to it, of course.” John dug into his own bowl of soup. “It was great luck, finding this haven.”
Digging up his notes from under the closet floorboards, Sherlock gets to work.
“I gave up dabbling with potions after Project Redbeard, John. I continued to study organic chemistry only to aid my detective work. It wasn’t until Rosamund confronted me after my return that I took up formulation again. No, John, it’s much too risky.” He swallows hard. “Look what happened to you – and that was
“Yes. Let’s,” he says firmly, holding Sherlock’s defiant stare. “For the next decade. Let’s get grants and proper facilities. Let’s get you more education, any kind you like. If we crack it, we’ll dedicate it all to Gran.”
Sherlock frowned.
Archivist's note: If you're a comment-reader, please be aware that all of the 2017 comments below pertain to content now in chapters 2 and 3. At that time, Iron Collar was a 1-chapter short story. It became evident that a much larger story needed writing.
“Got shot. Obvious.”
“I’ll let you be, then, just call me when–”
Sherlock suddenly hears a meaty thud, a short, surprised shout, and a gasp that clenches his stomach into knots. He whirls toward the sound.
“I’m so sorry–” Sherlock mutters into the thick wool of the coat. “I took too long. I thought I knew where you were, thought it was a trick she was playing… if I’d realized, if I’d seen through it sooner, I’d have gotten to you faster.”
John looks worn, but he has more color in his cheeks. Though it is still alarming to see him so weakened, the brief walk is a marked improvement from the limping, supported shuffle to the loo a few hours ago.
They walked on in silence, sunlight breaking over the rooftops and lancing into the fog around them. John noticed more shadowy figures moving past through the swirling clouds, workers walking to their early-morning shift. But there was a ripple of disturbance behind them.
Thank you all for your continued curiosity and the kind comments. Seeing the story's counter go up or getting a comment is like a warm ray of sun - it is an amazing thing to be able to share this with all of you.
” Sherlock muttered in his feverish half-sleep.
he thought back with a touch of annoyance.
Sherlock froze. This was unprecedented. Lucid dreams did not resist. He strode over to John, feeling pained when the man flinched back. “It’s alright, I just want to test something. Do you know the game
“S’fine, Sherlock.” He can’t help but chuckle. “I don’t mind.”
“Really, Rosamund,” John hears Magnusson’s unctuous voice. “If you bait him like this, you’ll only risk drawing attention to yourself. You shouldn’t be seen here. If my PA finds out, it could be bad for you. She was your bridesmaid, was she not?”
“Sorry?” He scowls.
The front door bangs shut. Sherlock turns and fixes John with a sheepish look, hands jammed deep into the pockets of his dressing gown.
“It was a long time ago.” John shrugged. “Maybe I buried it away.”
them, you’re everywhere!” Sherlock growled his exasperation. “I can’t block you out!”
“Sherlock? Sherlock!”
“And the ridge? The nest?”
“When you tried to administer the IV. You said… Oh god, Sherlock– I’m so sorry–”
“That Sherlock,” he says, suddenly quiet, “had not spent two years keeping the love of his life from being murdered every time he so much as looked his way.”
“That was his great weakness. He thought you were kindred spirits. He could not have anticipated the lengths that you would go to for the people you love. The lengths, Sherlock, you are about to go to now.”
“Aye, has been for many years,” the troll said, puffing up his chest. “I come from a long line of London Bridge trolls. Name’s William.”
He slowly decides he isn’t dreaming. Dreams don’t have smells. He breathes in the medicine pong of hospital that is both comforting and unnerving, because there is a very large, very painful Something going on in his chest and if he could just get his thoughts to clear he knows he could name every muscle that’s currently screaming at him.
three beers deep by now.
Sherlock waved his hand to dispel John’s gloom. “You will find me extremely difficult to kill.”
Reluctantly, he peels off his jacket, jumper and shirt, cold fingers fumbling at the buttons, then struggles back into the sodden jumper. The cold, wet wool makes his skin crawl, but his mum’s voice comes to him across the years from some Lake District camping trip.
Well, the first bit was beginning to make sense, anyway.
“Surprised you can’t make spell-fire,” Sherlock rumbled, startling him from his reverie.
I didn’t know I was especially sensitive to the effects. When I awoke…” he tapped his fingernails against the collar.
Sherlock’s eyes positively glitter as they hasten toward the cue for the club.
“Sherlock, the baby is old enough that they can scan for the gender. He wants to know if
She bites her lip and nods. Sherlock turns abruptly. He runs to the service lift to intercept the car Mycroft has sent to spirit him away.
“New man on your route last night.”
“Here,” John says a little shyly. “No sense in waiting.”
Kinsey tore his eyes away from the stilt-walkers to scoff at him. “Trust you to see two near-naked women and note their magical proficiencies.”
Half treading, half bouncing, he yells himself hoarse calling to Sherlock, Mycroft, Lestrade, Harry, Moriarty, anyone. He’s met with the echoes of his voice ricocheting around the walls of the well. John cranes his neck up, trying to see into the darkness. He gasps as he sees a light – he yells out thinking it’s a flashlight – but the light is fixed, the thin point of a crescent moon rising high enough in the night sky to be glimpsed from down in the well. He slaps the surface of the water with frustration.
“Jesus, just like that, they send us home with her,” John muses.         “Seems unreal, giving us this incredibly fragile person, and just
They are quiet for a long time as John absorbs Sherlock’s words.
monitor the man’s vitals more closely during flight. How much rest would he need to fly again? John had no idea. As a
Pulling one of her travel logs from the shelf, he obediently sat in an overstuffed chair by the fire, already feeling the warmth of the restorative brew radiating through his limbs. He balanced the book on his lap and tucked into the hot, savory soup. Sherlock was pleased that he could feed himself this morning, but warmed at the memory of John’s care the night before.
Several minutes pass, Sherlock holding the phone to his lips and tapping a sonata at 7 times its speed on the plastic casing. When Mycroft finally responds, he smiles, grimly triumphant.
“You ordered quite a lot tonight. Expecting company?”
Sherlock turns sharply mid-pace and bristles, but it quickly fizzles out. He’s right. Mycroft clears his throat and softens.
Sherlock sags into his chair across from John, resting his head in his hands, addressing the floor.
“Aw, now, thas' much better,” the voice boomed with warmth. It watched him raptly, much like a child who had just caught a fascinating new insect. This creature was
“Gents, we’ll be
To: wssh1875@iol.com
Sherlock, also exhausted, catches his hysteria and they snort and choke until Mycroft bangs on the wall, which only makes them lose it all over again. Once they’ve caught their breath, the formula is dubbed Team Dream, TD for short.
John, perfectly warm, perfectly home, runs his fingers lightly over Sherlock’s skin, breathes in the steam and thinks, There, that wasn’t such a wasted day after all, now was it.
John has seconds. He is hunched over, briefly forgotten, cradling his head with one hand, his other out of sight. He slides it deftly beneath the mattress and boxspring.
Sherlock tightens John into a hug as their mirth fades into a sweet, profound fondness, enjoying just holding and being held.
“Good sign you’re movin’. Movin’ usually means alive,” rumbled the voice. It sniffed deeply at them, it’s bulbous nose easily the size of John’s head.
How’s Morpheus? Any recall yet?
“Don’t be dramatic, John. While your condition is clearly serious, you are still able to follow basic instructions and respond to conversation. You are not in fact dying, though it would be unwise for you to move very much lest the cold blood in your extremities flow too quickly through your heart or other organs. Cardiac arrest is a possibility. The well water was roughly 45 degrees, making it less likely.”
Air. Fire. Water.
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
Mrs. Hudson gave him a long, thoughtful look. “You are in the place you’re meant to be, John Watson, and I am glad you’re here.” She reached over and gave his shoulder a strong squeeze. “That’s enough of the cinquefoil, I think, and enough talk of dark matters.”
The elevator doors hiss open. John feels giddy. But there is a worm of worry that adds another unique thrill.
With a wave of nerves, he raised his fist to bang on the door – when it suddenly swung open, revealing the pinched and wary face of an old woman in a shimmering green kimono.
Sherlock’s blush deepens.
John runs his hands over his eyes and leans heavily against the stovetop. He hears the front door open. Muscles clench, senses sharpen as adrenaline surges through his system. He sucks in a breath, stumbling away from the stove.
strontium!”
After several minutes, John wipes his face on the sheet, a dangerous resolve taking root in his mind. Sherlock will not be pleased, but the more he considers it, the more he knows he has to convince him it’s the only way.
think about the two things at once – it even improved his thought processes! But John was not interested in being his conductor of light at
“The circus boss fled, ‘alfblood likely. We’ve sent pursuit.”
to go. With you. And to find the other halfbloods,” he added quickly.
“Mine alone. Difficult enough to afford it.”
“Yea, I know what you mean,” he hums, stroking the tiny fingers which automatically curl at his touch.
Despite Sherlock’s concerns, they settle beneath the blankets, chest pressed to back, Johns arms around him.
“Quite right, Geoffrey, common knowledge. Next time I’ll make it trickier.”
He smiles. Somewhere in his subconscious memory is Sherlock’s voice reading him Tolkien. The bookmark is three-quarters of the way through. When this is over, he will ask Sherlock to finish reading it to him, curled up on the couch, with the fire going properly.
“I didn’t say
John doesn’t protest. Together they run downstairs, Melissa burrowing her tired little face into Sherlock’s chest.
Guess I’d better order enough for three.”
Sherlock gives him an incredulous stare. “John, you’ve been married for two months, a baby on the way. Had a string of relationships. I don’t think our levels of
Flat on his stomach, nose pushed into the leaf duff, Sherlock became aware of John giving his shoulder a gentle shake.
Feeling a little foolish, John experimentally tossed a stick over the stones, hearing it land uneventfully on the other side in the bracken. He held up a shaky hand and pushed it over the boundary – but again, absolutely nothing happened. Of course, this was the Wall, not a breach. But somehow, through this barrier lay a world he could scarcely imagine – where some ancestor of his had once lived, perhaps
What he didn’t say was how comforting it would be to have
Sherlock grins. “When you were enduring my green concoctions, I promised you tamarind duck.”
“Sherlock!” Angelo booms from the back, emerging from the kitchen with steaming trays. “And your good man, John! Sit anywhere you like!” This causes a small ripple among the other customers who turn to look. Sherlock notices that John’s hand tenses in his, but he does not pull away.
John’s stern expression softens as he chuckles. “Then, instead of heading straight to A&E, you order ma po?”
“Sorry, Sherrin…”
From: wssh1875@iol.com
. Bi, as in the Latin for
And then, the camera sees what they had not, preoccupied as they had been. The solid silhouette of a bird slides through the sky, angling sharply down toward the ridge.
"It would seem so.”
Seemingly satisfied that Sherlock won’t fall over, John walks quickly into the room. Sherlock glances into the mirror, startled by the ashen, haunted version of himself who glares back. He takes a deep breath, closing his eyes briefly to relish his functioning lungs and makes a note to research the chemical and hormonal triggers of panic attacks. John pads back in with his dressing gown and helps him slip it on. He makes no comment about the scars on Sherlock’s back, though he sees his eyes flick there briefly.
And thus each circling Sun display,
“John, your glamor–” Sherlock muttered.
“I… I don’t. What about Janine?”
“What? Oh!” John felt a peculiar pang of discomfort as he imagined Sherlock with the panther in his dream. It felt, he realized with chagrin, an awful lot like jealousy
Sherlock shakes his head. “Grief does strange things to the mind.”
She looks to Sherlock, holding his stopwatch and clipboard, who nods, then places her onto the starting point. Lissa withdraws her hands quickly and watches the rat with rapt attention.
“It was obvious to many, Jim among them. Our connection infuriated him.” He sighs wearily. “But
. Sherlock shoved it aside. He wasn’t like frail humans. The nearly-immortal blood of his mother flowed in his veins. He
his mum had said proudly.
I could just hover it down. A
Slipping into darkness, John is vaguely aware that Sherlock’s lightly rocking him back and forth.
“You tell me, detective.”
…” John huffed a deep exhale.
Instead, he lifts a tentative hand and, heart racing, places it lightly on John’s shoulder. He almost expects John to flinch at the touch, but he sleeps on. Would John mind?
Kinsey cocked an eyebrow and smirked roguishly. “Could be
John stares at him, confused. No, of course he can’t hear it, but Sherlock knows what his Baker Street sounds like on a calm night. He also knows the sounds of jeering, of hate, the way they warp the air and send daggers in all directions. He can’t quite place it, but he can
“Yea… sure I do.”
Jugglers of
That years protracted, as they flow,
John caught his breath, his hands suspended over the blossoms. “There was a raid there, not long ago, by the Queen’s Men. I–I was trying to find out if the halfbloods had been captured, but then I had to flee–”
“Well, look who’s awake,” Mrs. Hudson chirped brightly. “Help yourself to some tea and breakfast, dear.”
Beams of sharp white light flashed between trees a hundred paces away. John scuttled behind a thick pine, all of his senses on alert.
Sherlock uncovers his eyes, wrapping both arms around John’s middle and resting his chin where it fits nicely into his shoulder. John blinks. The yellow legal pad has been propped up in front of him on the worktop, showing a line drawing of a tree growing from a double infinity symbol. John marvels at it – he’s never seen Sherlock draw so much as a stick figure, and now here’s this intricate, expressive sketch.
He pulls away, giving him a wide-eyed meaningful look.
“I am undone, John,” Sherlock whispers. “I did not know anything so beautiful having anything to do with humans could exist in this world.”
“I knew about Mary, too,” she continues, aggrieved. “I helped him with his research, getting the trials worked out, troubleshooting the errors.”
Sherlock squeezes John’s hands and gives him a questioning look. John sighs with his whole body, closing his eyes, and nods.
“Well, what bloody language puts two d’s together and says
Sherlock obediently tugs the tube to his lips and drinks deeply, taking John’s sudden wave of nervous caretaking as his due.
Sherlock gave him a long, considering look. “While I cannot claim the full blood of the Faerie, I do hope I haven’t arrived too late.”
Mycroft studies him with pained, sorrowful eyes.
now a grown man on the run with who knew how many other outcasts,
Lestrade shrugs. “It’s the eyes. Loads more eye contact. And not the way you’d both been looking at the other all pent-up, but with, well, contentment.”
Sherlock stares bitterly at the wax-drip spires of the ridge they’ve just crossed, feeling betrayed by it. They’ve passed the most difficult section, but he longs for a pair of eagles to bear them swiftly back to solid ground and end this total fiasco of an outing.
“Too risky,” Sherlock grins, sliding a hand into John’s shirt to tweak a nipple. “Couldn’t trust myself to, you know, keep to the
He clenched his fists as he ran.
13.07.93   1:15
John swivels to face him as much as he can in Sherlock’s fierce grip. Their eyes catch and spark.
“You said just the hand,” John protested, more curious than alarmed as a fresh wave of effervescence flowed across his scalp at the medium’s touch.
John grinned.
John furrows his brow, twisting to get a closer look in the mirror. “Looks like a
the Expunge?”
would not be saving Sherlock Holmes. They’d made that abundantly clear many years ago.
Her eyes looked very far away. “The King did the same thing he’d done a thousand years ago, before the Wall was made. He turned them into groves of trees.”
John gives his head a little shake. Gently, he pulls Sherlock off his shoulder and takes his tear-smeared face in his hands, pressing their foreheads together.
“John, what – Has Mrs. Hudson taken on a new tenant?”
“I had it all wrong.”
“You loved a woman who wove zeppelin sheeting, but you do not love her now. You also loved a man with ginger hair, but he was… lost.” The medium shook his head slightly as if to clear it, a sad wrinkle forming between his brows. “Sorry, wrong corridor. Let me try again.” He frowned, squeezing his eyes tightly in concentration.
“You did?” John gives him a bemused smile.
to card and weave the wool.”
His actions seem to influence the nightmare, now blending the horrors of John’s past with the trauma of the day.
“–pull out the firearm that’s been hidden beneath the bed.”
“You underestimate yourself. I’m told your theorems were quite revolutionary.”
“Can’t believe you two can
He pointed at it with his chin. “What do you make of that?”
“Of course, where was I?”
Sherlock scowled. “No. Wait, actually, yes. Smells like–”
Still giggling, John rolls, tries to pull himself up with Sherlock’s help, only to drag him down onto him in a warm, ungainly pile. John wheezes with breathless hysterics and Sherlock’s mood finally begins to thaw, his smile twitching mischievously as he looks down at John, faces pressed close, breath puffing in the cold air. He grips either side of John’s face, pushes their noses together.
“Wait, Sherlock,” John suddenly scowls up at him. “Much as I would like my estranged, imposter of a wife to be caught by Mycroft’s spies, she is carrying a… child. Is the tracker safe?”
he blusters. “I
me.” He scowls. “We need to tell the NWP to shut that trail down til they’ve gotten the wildlife branch up there.”
keeper, not your
William cracked a grin as he strode out onto the top of the starling, the fire cat leaping off his shoulder and darting ahead to peer over the edge. The sun was still below the horizon, making a soft pink blush though the tendrils of fog. “Just get used to it, I ‘spose. Price of being a bridge troll. Plus, keeps me a bit more hidden from those who might be able to smell
“Couldn’t find you,” Sherlock rumbles against his ear. John can feel his big hands clench on his back. His voice is muffled and strained, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry it took me so long, John. Please forgive me.” Sherlock sucks in a few long, shuddering breaths, but then a wave of shivering hits them both. “Let’s get out of here.”
John gaped at him. “And then?”
sound was coming through the door of your flat – not that I was spying, I couldn’t help but overhear. Perhaps he’s working on an experiment…”
He ducks his chin to catch his eyes. Sherlock sucks in his breath and makes himself brave them,
“He has excellent credentials. A gentle demeanor. I swear, Sherlock, if you can’t live with the 7th, I’ll have to doctor this child myself.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered. He brushed his fingers against the whole, unrestrained skin of his throat, his face radiating joy and relief. “Dr. Watson–”
Molly is pushing a covered gurney through the corridors of Bart’s. From beneath his sheet, Sherlock can smell antiseptic and hospital food as he counts the turns and lifts that bring them to the morgue. He can hear the anxiety in Molly’s rapid footsteps. The ribs on his left side ache where the hastily-filled airbag collided with his body, but the pain is only a dull pulse at the edge of his awareness. It is nothing compared to the horrific bedlam inside his mind.
“Twelve.”
John, not roses. Those are over in Queen Mary’s Gardens.”
on the aviary wall.”
.” He smiles wickedly, but his face promptly falls, his eyes looking suddenly stormy as he gazes out over the wide lawn. “I’m well and truly stuck, is the thing.”
“Not when it’s you two weeks past deadline, and no sign of a solution.”
“No – it’s… I’m not upset with you. I’m fine to wait, really. I’m just… a bit overwhelmed. You keep surprising me, with the way you think about things. It’s… this is a
“A fine specimen of amphibian, order of
“It’s perfect,” he hums, and brings Melissa within range of the bench. “Bee, love, let Dada show you how to look through a microscope.”
John studied the courtyard vigilantly, and while there was no sign of humans, it was unusually lively with birdsong. As his eyes adjusted, he understood why. Silhouettes of small birds darted in and out of dozens of round holes in the brickwork across the way, dutifully carrying messages.
The panther led him into a tiny kitchen cluttered with jars and vials of powders and liquids. A pot of savory broth simmered on the range. The rafters were hung with skeins of garlic and bundles of dried herbs John had no names for. A ceramic basin was set into the scrubbed countertop overlooking a shabby garden behind the building.
“And that’s a good thing how?”
coming up with the names.” John stares out the window. Sherlock bites his lip. “I’m sorry. I’m being bullish. If it’s important to you, we can find out.”
“You would walk for a very long time and eventually find yourself back where you began,” she smiled.
“My reasons are my own.”
John sets the shopping down on the kitchen island and gets to work. The automatic repetition eases his nerves. He turns on lights. Fills the dishwasher with the stack of dirty dishes in the sink. Pulls out the shopping and begins dicing and mixing. He leaves the ingredients conspicuously out on the worktop and puts on the rice.
They passed a
Sherlock’s magic was brilliant, but he was also an impulsive outcast desperate for his freedom.
“How’d you break that collar, eh?” the Inspector asked conversationally. “Tidy bit of illegal magic.” He stepped closer to John and the magical tendrils popped and fizzed, desperately trying to get to him from behind the glass. “Just
John was lightly touching his own forehead. Sherlock felt a shift in his companion’s mood, as clear as a cool wind suddenly blowing warmth. Sherlock was startled to find John’s hand seeking his own in the heavy bedclothes and pulling Sherlock’s tense fingertips to his temple. Their connection illuminated with a spark of purple energy.
“He’s driving like a madman! Slow down!” he yells through the glass, which is clearly sound-proof.
brother?”
“I know. Will you come?”
John squeezes his eyes shut tight and smiles broadly, tears making tracks down his cheeks. He sniffs, his voice rough.
“In the sofa, between the cushions.”
“Ella’s idea, this?”
The last chapter had become so long that it became two, so I have another update for you today!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Correct. What they
With a jolt, he remembered that Jonas wouldn’t be going home to his parents that night, nor any night after. His throat felt tight. Nothing made sense.
“I do not dabble in the sentimental nor do I say anything to uphold a social script. I simply relate the facts, which you are painfully disregarding, much to your detriment.”
Geoffrey pulls the sleek, purring car up to the curb at 221B. Glancing in his rear-view, he finds his passengers still engaged in a fair bit of snogging behind the tinted glass separating him from the back seat. They’ve been at it for most of the ride. He shakes his head. At least they’re still clothed. With a sigh, he taps the glass, startling them enough to clear out with muttered, flushed-faced thanks.
“We’ve been here
“I–I’m okay, Doc.” Kinsey pulled away weakly.
“Damn! Alright, best twenty-five out of thirty.”
“So how did you end up here? In
“Like this?” he pants against Sherlock’s neck, licking his chest. Sherlock laughs.
“If the snipers learn I’m alive, they’ll die. I can’t come back until I’ve ensured their safety.” Sherlock sighs wearily, leaning his head against the window and rubbing his eyes. “I need your help.”
“Hey, you alright?” John scratched Sherlock’s back through his black tshirt, giving him a bit of a tickle to egg on a reaction. Sherlock flinched, but stayed stoic.
He saw John glance carefully at their host, who Sherlock realized looked slightly ruffled. “I’m sure Sherlock doesn’t mean any disrespect, Mrs. Hudson, but it’s true – he does have an uncanny knack for seeing subtle details. You should have seen him calling out the species of carrier birds at an aviary from across the bloody street. It was remarkable.”
“As a very minor member of the organization, Sherlock, it is my duty to bring you to a private location to undergo your initiation as the next Moriarty.”
Still crouching tensely, John takes a deep, shuddering breath and rubs his hands over his face.
A wave of cold washes through him.
The door swings open. A beat as John notices him on the couch. He keeps his eyes closed as he listens to the four phases of John’s entrance: jangle of keys returning to bowl, thump of bag on the floor, rustle of coat on the hook, plonk of shoes landing on the mat.
“I woke first and found you in your chair, still unconscious. I made you comfortable. I thought you’d come round any moment while I dashed around calling my network, calling Mycroft to begin pursuit…”
“Now look, this could take ages and we’ve got nothing to take your mind off it. Stretch out, try to rest. You’re knackered.” He settles into the plastic chair and pats the bed.
John blushes. “I’d not’ve thought those sorts of moves were acceptable in public if the whole crowd hadn’t been doing ‘em too…”
The envelope paper was thick, fresh, and devoid of any written marks. He squinted at it, sniffed over it deeply, and touched it lightly to his tongue. He nodded. “Really, Mrs. Hudson. This is meant to be a test of my skills? You received it just this morning.”
John smiles ruefully. “Yea, you’re right. So why not come join me and catch a few winks before then?” He nuzzles the nape of Sherlock’s neck. “I might have a nightmare of my own I need you to save me from.”
It’s always been you, Sherlock.
< “Pidgey, pidgey go to water!” a little girl in grubby wet shorts runs by, single-mindedly pursuing a pigeon… >
to take you home this instant, wrap up you in front of the fire and never stop kissing you.”
They finally lose momentum. Sherlock struggles to stand on the icy crust, falls, tries again, falls. Cursing, irritated, he crosses his arms where he lays sprawled on his back and snaps at the darkening sky.
He glances down to see if this is true in the flesh.
From: wssholmes1875@iol.com
“Eh, mate, you alright?” John stepped close to where the tall young man stood blinking in the bright sun, then lightly pressed the pads of his fingers to Kinsey’s temple. With a quick pulse of energy, John read his vitals.
“Incredible –” John breathes. “I was
“It would have happened anyway. They do these things all the time, they’re simply on the hunt for new methods. If it eases your mind, this particular plan has been shelved due to shifting political complexities.”
Sherlock feels his throat tighten and takes a deep breath, willing the cortisol in his bloodstream to stand down (he’d done some fast research).
The dancing firelight drew his eyes to a green feline statuette perched on the table by the sofa. John picked it up, finding it heavier than he'd expected, noticing a small card had been set next to it, as if in a museum. He read the flowing, handwritten script:
“Yes, but you were being bloody terrorized. What if the puzzles were
John smirked. “I heard twin girls transformed into eagles and flew off with a Commander in their talons. I also heard an ogress burst into a cloud of fog. They say the platoon was lost in it until evening.”
John shrugged. “It’s good magic, very subtle.”
“You’re sure you’re okay? Not dizzy, no vertigo?"
“Dada? Dada! I’m stuck!” Lissa’s urgent voice pulled him back to the pond beneath the pine copse, his child, his husband just up the hill making tea.
“Right. They would control the sheep’s minds to keep them in order.”
“Incredible,” John huffs. “Is the tracker still working? Where is she now?”
He crouches down on all fours and begins to inspect the rocks with his magnifying lens, brought along in a side pocket of his trekking shorts.
Sherlock’s grin slides off his face as he takes in the picture on John’s phone.
“Any leads?”
“Is that the tree, then, the one you keep for me in your mind palace?”
“Judging by his bruising, I’d say he was hit in the head with the butt of a gun. Your weapon was found nearby, but not fired. I’m going to guess that since you weren’t exactly invited, you may not have been directly involved. Maybe you were out of sight, heard things get rough, maybe even heard Sherlock get shot, then jumped in. I imagine you came up behind Magnusson, gave him a good whack, and went to see to Sherlock.” Lestrade shakes his head ruefully. “Pity he’s the victim. He’d have loved sorting this one out.”
“Yea, well,” John muttered.
“In time, John. I will not hold anything back. But first,
work at the lab, you know. How else am I to take care of you?”
“I figured I’d tell you it was for the blog – a glimpse of the detective in the field.” He smiles warmly. “Really, you were adorable. I can say that plainly, now. There’s lots of times I wish I’d been able to take a photo.”
He hadn’t really intended to go back up to Sherrin’s room, not when his mum is in there, but now he doesn’t know where to put himself. The anxiety worms in his belly. He begins to walk the perimeter of the carpark, retreating into his mind palace, trying desperately to understand what would happen to the brain if the two formulas overlapped…
Sherlock purses his lips, considering John. Wouldn’t do to have him get a head full of nightmares and be fatigued on the ridge tomorrow.
Full to bursting, heady with wine, flush with teasing, they make their way through the warm evening back to Baker Street with arms tightly wound about the other’s waist, partly for support. Heads bobbing close with each step, they chuckle and mutter together, oblivious to the world around them.
He imagined the single bunk that awaited him in the crowded barracks, the lithe, silver appendages of the Netters clanking past on patrol, and the “honor” of assimilation that awaited him.
John knew his own magical energy was low. He’d need to rest a while before attempting his own healing. It hadn’t felt urgent, but then, he wasn’t about to doubt Mrs. Hudson’s advice.
“About
“Halfblood?” Her graceful fingers danced in front of her face, settling into an ‘o’ shape. She looked through the circle, studying him. “Hah! So you are, John Watson! Subtle, subtle, very deep! I almost missed it!” Like the sun emerging from behind a thundercloud, her entire demeanor lightened. “
“Remarkable, isn’t it?” John grins.
might’ve had a sense they were coming and avoided the whole rotten mess.”
“I roll over and hold him tightly. My fingers brush the flowering tree over his heart, the double infinity helixes on our bodies declaring what will never be hidden again.”
Now that he had begun, John saw how eagerly the halfblood shared his story.
Sergeant Gregson smiled dangerously as they strode to the steaming copter at the far edge of the circus field. “Excellent, Sir. They’re as good as caught.”
“Why not?”
“Yes, on the train. Go see Rosie. We have a murder to solve.”
John chuckles quietly. “You may.”
"Of course," he says earnestly, then chuckles. "I think we'd inevitably end up there anyway, but it's nice to be officially invited to your bedroom.”
Suddenly quite pale, John turns from him and retreats back to the bedroom. He can feel Sherlock’s eyes on him. He sags onto the bed and holds his head in his hands.
“John, must we?”
John peered at him closely and prodded him with his finger. “You feel solid. This is bloody strange.”
Sherlock grips John tighter, and realizing that his husband is shirtless and shivering, tugs the tartan blanket off the arm of the couch, pulling it around both their shoulders.
have to connect with every single thing they move, so they only levitate larger singular objects.”
Sherlock watches John work, arm throbbing. His hands are efficient and skilled. A tidy mound of blood-soaked cotton appears on the kitchen table next to his microscope and a mess of petri dishes.
“Oh, um, dunno, maybe a 6.”
John continues to struggle, as if wrestling something in a nightmare. Sherlock watches him, biting his lip, deliberating. With a quick nod, he quickly tosses the gloves onto the floor and slides onto the bed behind John, wrapping his arms around his chest and holding him tightly, speaking soothingly into his ear. John fights for only a moment more. As soon as Sherlock has pressed close to him, John gives a deep shudder and calms.
“I’ve always known you were dead clever behind the microscope, but I never realized…” John chuckles. “Well, if cases ever dry up, perhaps it’s a hobby you should take up again. I can attest firsthand that your TD-10 is
“Thanks to you, John,” Sherlock mumbles from his corner of the sitting room, hunched over something at the table.
Sherlock can’t help himself. Even with the acting, it sends a shiver through him.
Hudders. Her flat is silent, umbrella gone from the stand, only the residual scent of apples and cinnamon to indicate baking within the last five hours. He’d phoned her flat a dozen times today, each unanswered ring adding fuel to his panicked thoughts.
His eyes flicked to Mrs. Hudson with wary curiosity as she settled into the overstuffed chair near the sofa, her emerald green kimono rustling.
Sherlock slumps against the doorframe as the stupid, blind relief floods him.
Without even realizing he’d begun, John is hushing and tutting her soothingly. He carefully lays her onto Sherlock’s bare chest, the fresh tattoo disappearing beneath her. Sherlock gasps as their daughter’s soft warm skin touches his for the first time. Without any bidding, Sherlock begins to mimic the breathing pattern John had forced him through hours earlier, with an added
“Her tracker has almost completely broken down. She’s back in the air. We might have a day left before we need to stage the ambush.”
Sherlock wanted to join them. He wriggled weakly in what appeared to be a voluminous blue blanket, but felt like a fly struggling in honey. He huffed his annoyance. Standing did not appear to be an option at the moment.
We rejoin Detective Inspector Lestrade after only a few hours for him, but several months for us. If you'd like to refresh your memory, he last appeared at the end of chapter 16, Ivy & Tulips.
18.07.93   22:15
Sherlock and the baby are gone. For a single panicked moment, he fears his dream was real, but the nightmare dissolves as he hears Sherlock’s mellow baritone coming from the nursery upstairs.
“I’m fine, just a slip.” Sherlock winces as his voice comes out quivery.
“Alright?” John peers at him, sensing his discomfort.
be evil?
“John,
“Does she have them now?”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John snaps. “That doesn’t justify
Sherlock snaps to attention.
population to come together.
“Your new serum,” Sherrin whispers, wonderingly.
It’s Thursday – she would have gone over to Mrs. Turner’s that morning for their weekly, her baking in tow. Nothing alarming there.
“Right, got it,” Sherlock waves him off. “Now look at this, Sherrin, you’ve gotten this backwards. You have to isolate the nerve cluster first, block the receptors, then introduce the catalyst that will start the decay of the second compound. Otherwise you’ll have a rodent that never remembers a thing for the rest of its days.”
. Sherlock’s chest aches with a painful joy.
John shakes his head. “Let’s just keep our minds on our own feet and get on with it. I don’t fancy being out here in the dark.” He stands warily and they slowly continue along the narrow ridge. “And make sure you’re drinking plenty of water – your water bag looks too full.”
In the split instant that John feels a flood of relief, his fist, still flying, punches solidly into something warm and meaty.
“What is it?” he asks tensely.
Sherlock leans incrementally forward, the brush of lips blooming into a true kiss as John feels the pressure returned, the permission granted. All sleepiness evaporates and John rushes into him, lips parting, a little moan escaping into his mouth. Sherlock finds his hands gripping John’s back, pulling him closer. His mental functioning his overwhelmed by a swell of oxytocin. Their chests crush together, hips tangling.
“The NWP is closing it off and an ornithologist will be investigating. With a drone.”
John.”
“I take it you like it,” John whispers, breathless, when Sherlock finally breaks away, his eyes wet.
The operative, a strong woman clad in a red t-shirt and cargo pants, deftly cracks open the gun, pours out the small bullets, and stuffs everything into a clear evidence bag. She crouches at Rosamund’s side and fully removes the patch, delicately handling the capsule with a pair of tweezers spirited from one of her pockets. These go into a thick glass bottle and another evidence bag.
“Home early?” John whispers, gripping Sherlock’s back in his best attempt at a hug slouched in the rocker beneath their sleeping baby. “Didn’t expect you til tonight.”
Sherlock huffs a sigh as difficult memories flash at him from the unlocked rooms of his mind palace, their doors now flung open.
“Ah. Touched a nerve, very sorry.” John tries to hide his smirk as Sherlock ties on his scarf.
“I woke today, broken, but free. I took a leap today, and you were there to meet me.” He scrubs at his face and smiles sheepishly. “I want this mess to be bloody done with. I just want…
“Only joking.”
“John, do you remember when we used to play Rock Paper Scissor? We would always tie, the variables were too simple for me not to anticipate. So I added ridiculous items like dynamite and earthquake. To make you laugh. I miss your laugh. My eldest brother… he was a chemist, too, I’ve never told you. Saw the aptitude in me before the others… he added Catalysts to the game, two-handed combinations…” he rambles on.
“Alright John,” he says firmly. “It’s time to eat.” Delicately, he pipettes cool broth through John’s lips, waiting for the reflexive swallow before adding more. When he’s painstakingly fed him a half-pint of the broth, he moves to his green drink. John grimaces in his sleep at the taste, which Sherlock finds incredibly endearing. “There now, see it as motivation. Wake up from this and I’ll order you tamarind duck as a reward.” He absently wipes John’s chin.
Angelo appears beside them, beaming with his usual rosy warmth.                “Always so good to see you, my friends, it has been some time, yes? Anything you like, free, free…” His dark eyes flicker to their intertwined hands and he gives Sherlock the tiniest of secret smiles, which Sherlock gratefully returns. “I’ll bring wine, yes?”
Warm candlelight suddenly filled the room as John’s shadowy form padded through a doorway carrying a glowing candelabra and a laden tray.
Sherlock tugs him between hanging branches where the bows of lobed leaves create a more cloistered space. He steps close to him, deep-voiced and tender. “4 years, 5 months, 22 days… Since we first met, John. Since I fell in love with you. And you with me, if I’m any kind of consulting detective.”
“I wouldn’t become accustomed to it,” Sherlock quips dryly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not
Lestrade knew this ground search was useless. The team was sullen, especially Tobi, who was tight-lipped with rage at having lost her captive.
Suddenly Sherlock scowls, groaning.
. His stomach curdles with revulsion and he takes an involuntary step back.
John barked a laugh. “Well, obviously. It’s just an acorn. But people are superstitious. They’ll try anything for protection.”
Mycroft hesitantly joins him on the sodden log, still cautious, as if his little brother might suddenly bolt in a fit of tantrum.
Sherlock shrugged. “Neither human nor Faerie, we are unwanted everywhere. As such, the appearance of a circus seemed fortuitous for seeing the world while avoiding unwanted attention. The boss is also a halfblood. I imagined this would be of benefit, but he had other ideas.” He frowned irritably. “He knew he could own me if he captured me. It’s iron law.”
“Yes!” Sherlock crows. “Molten lead beats
“Course we would, I was just a bit behind, had to wrap up something with Mary.”
“Asleep since 7:30, out like a light, perfect angel, all that.”
“Hm. Well, Good. That’s good. That you’ll retire.”
He rests briefly at the tree that sprouted up in the middle of a marble-floored ballroom during his first trysts with Victor, the trunk identical to the sway-backed elm that had been their particular hangout. He notices the leaves are yellowing, falling to the floor and crunching underfoot.
Maybe something went wrong at his review. And so Sherrin sent a warning, maybe just as they were coming into his lab. But what happened? Sherlock tugs at his hair irritably.
The glower dissolves and Sherlock cracks a smile that John returns. He bounds the last few steps to the summit cairn.
Those first nights, as he lay on his cot in the crowded barracks listening to the talk, he began to realize how few of his fellow recruits believed they’d
cases of influenza requiring prescription treatment.” >
A cold shiver runs through him, throwing cloud shadows across the library windows in his mind. His lips slow. John pulls back to read his eyes, brow furrowing with concern.
John huffed irritably. “An Expunge. It’s a tricky bit of healing that isolates the pathogens currently multiplying in your bloodstream. Neutralizes them. It’s messy and takes a lot of energy.” A shadow passed over John’s face. “I’m sorry. I was too exhausted to do anything about it last night.”
does not appear to have changed John in the slightest.
“White oak,” he said quietly, rolling it between his fingers. He pocketed the trinket and gave the fiddler one last long look over his shoulder, the reel of the jig fading as they followed Sparks around a corner. He sighed wistfully. “I used to play.”
Sherlock has closed his eyes and leaned against John’s shoulder.  John runs a hand through his curls. Both jump as someone begins to thunder on the front door.
“John…” he says hesitantly into the silence. “I have overstepped my bounds. Stay at the Inn tomorrow, take a look around Beddgelert–”
Lestrade stares at them both for a moment, then cracks into a grin and raises his immaculately-mixed old fashioned.
The sun was high in the sky when John walked wearily out of the flat’s small bathroom, re-doing the buttons of his shirt, having washed the results of his own arduous Expunge down with the bath. His symptoms had faded and he felt immensely cleaner.
The next file is a video, the panorama John had shot. He thumbs ‘play’ and the mountains move gently from right to left as John had slowly pivoted, taking in the ridge, the hulk of Snowdon up ahead, the blue-green mountains rolling off to a humid horizon. He hears a tiny, tinny version of his voice say off-screen,
High above, Sherlock briefly blocks out the crescent moon as he pulls himself over the edge and disappears from view.
John half-dragged Sherlock over the threshold, Sparks leaping ahead to weave around the old woman’s ankles. With a terse swirl of her fingers, the door swung shut behind them, blocking out the noise of the street. John had a feeling a lot more than just the door stood between them and the rest of London.
Stunned, John blinked water out of his eyes and tried to make out their… rescuer? Foe? His heart thundered as the rope fell away and he was pulled up by the scruff of his sodden coat, then tumbled into a large, leathery basket. Sherlock slid in next to him, his limbs limp, face pale, oblivious.
John counts it as a stroke of considerable luck that he can continue his approach unseen. After his dismissal at Baker Street, he can imagine Sherlock’s anger if he were to waltz in. But he can also imagine the flash of pride in his eyes as his blogger stubbornly asserts his place by his side.
His words tumble out. “I’m sorry Sherrin — I did whatever they told me to, I couldn’t just let you–”
“It is most curious,” Sherlock said after a long, tense silence, “that I didn’t glimpse any of your childhood connections to Cumbria during your reading.”
This time yesterday, he was still locked in nightmares, Sherlock doggedly going through the routine of his care.
There is a crash as Sherlock vaults from the table, his wizened doctor protesting in Belarusian as his supplies go flying. Sherlock takes Mycroft by the lapels, his ragged and unkempt face inches from his brother’s.
to reach you, John. I very nearly succeeded. But always my messages were intercepted. The webs were vast...” Sherlock holds John’s eyes from across the small space of their sitting room, his own pain plain to see.
“Of course,” John sighs, rubbing his brow. “When you surprised me at the restaurant, you bloody
John waved her over – he needed to look every bit like a carefree circus-goer. After exchanging a coin for a cone, she bit the penny, nodded her thanks, and melted into the crowd.
I’ve got to stop them — before it happens—”
“Oh. John. I fell
Wrapped tightly in Sherlock’s arms, head tucked into his collarbone, John begins to giggle.
With a resigned sigh, he followed John into the sunny glade.
“Watendlath. My family ran an inn, but there was a fire. Lost everything.” Even all these long years later, it still hurt to think of it, a bruise on his heart that couldn’t heal. “My great aunt in Suffolk was getting on in years and gave us her declining sheep operation.”
showy escape from the circus has tripled the number of Netter patrols on the streets.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock pushed past the frenetic buzz of John’s thoughts, “for giving us sanctuary.” Trolls loved polite decorum.
John leans forward with a small smile, licking his lips.
“The child is as much John’s as it is yours.”
“Nope, no, not happening.” John heaved him back the way they had come, adrenaline giving him a burst of strength. Suddenly John’s legs were tangled, not by a Netter’s contraption but by the glowing, sinewy fire cat. She slipped away toward a side alley he hadn’t noticed, clearly looking back at John before disappearing around its foggy corner.
Sherlock grins at him, feeling it rooted in his belly.
lie to you. I am sorry. As a child, I could cross the barrier. I can still sense the Wall if it’s nearby. But the Faerie have… forbidden me to cross.” He rushed on, his words a guilty tumble. “I told you I could take you across the Wall because I didn’t think you’d flee the circus with me otherwise. The premonitions surrounding you made it clear we had to journey on together.” Sherlock avoided his eyes and muttered, “I’ve betrayed your trust. I’ll understand if you want to go your own way when we reach the haven.”
“You’re saying I bought him time?”
Sherlock scoffed. “Certainly not – I was too unpredictable to travel safely. I spent the entirety of my childhood in Cumbria.”
If Sherlock regained enough energy that night, he could get them across. Hiding in Faerie might not be any safer, but at least they wouldn’t be hunted. At least not right away, he hoped.
“You are the
“If you will forgive me for saying so, dear brother, I daresay he could have nearly been right. He could not have anticipated the random event of your meeting Dr. Watson on the very day of your first
“John. You have been removed from certain truths for… for such a long time. It was horrible, keeping them from you. But the alternative was unbearable. Unacceptable.” He turns away, hands balling into fists. “All I have done, John, I have done to keep you safe. But it is quite possible and even justifiable that when I have told you everything, and I intend to tell you everything, you will want nothing to do with me. Not ever again.”
“Ah! Excellent.” Sherlock brightens considerably. “Are you otherwise free for the evening?”
It had been better not to hope. Hoping hurt like hell. He’d convinced himself that it was foolish to set his heart on a person currently the size of a kumquat, who might not be his, growing inside an assassin wanted for multiple murders who might not live through the day.
you,” Sherlock says mock-defensively, and though the memory is four years old, though John is safe and whole in his arms, legs tangled together beneath their blankets, he grips him, involuntarily, tugging him closer as if he might slip away.
“She’ll be happier here, Bee, where she has everything she needs.” Lissa scowled, a tremor suddenly quaking her lower lip. “You can visit Anura every day, and you’ll hear her singing from your bedroom window.”
“How did you know – with the elephant?” John panted. “Read his mind, too?”
It hurts to admit it, he realizes. The relief collides with a curious grief that none of Sherlock’s heroic actions in the well had actually happened.
“Mary, I can explain, well, no, actually I can’t. Something… something terrible happened. To Sherlock. I’m at Bart’s. He’s been shot.”
John huffed, feeling his face redden. “We only met yesterday.”
“Mrs. Hudson is an absolute saint. This is the best thing I’ve ever eaten in my entire life. To think I could have never woken up and missed eating this on our first proper date.”
Panting, he kneels and orders himself to breathe slowly, sliding his fingers blindly along the links, cuff and bolts, feeling for any weakness. The metal is solid. He huffs, standing, pushing his freezing hands into his armpits and shaking his head.
“Additionally, your first-responder information is sorely outdated,” Sherlock lectures. “Studies have found that skin-to-skin contact is not as effective in increasing body temperature during hypothermic shock as when the victim is encouraged to shiver to a normal internal temperature in warm, dry conditions. I’m a poor replacement for a hot water bottle, but I’ll do my best.”
“What?” John tenses beneath his fingers, but Sherlock applies pressure until he sags against him again.
He steps away to fetch John’s light pack, extracting the small, silver camera and thumbing on the power. Standing in the middle of the room, he scrolls quickly through the photos when he feels a light touch on his bare back. John has joined him, standing close and peering over his shoulder.
John’s chest fills with effervescent tingles, a flush creeping up his neck. The flimsiness of the coat wrapped around him is suddenly very apparent.
real, John. When I returned, I didn’t believe her. Ignored her first demands. That’s when she… had you put into the bonfire. I almost didn’t get to you in time – the skip code she sent. It was like a game to her.”
“Oh my god, she’s perfect,” Sherlock bursts.
John clings to Sherlock’s coat, trying desperately to slow their slide. There’s a skuffle as they flail, trying to stop, but they’re going too fast. A few trees blur by, but they’re out of reach. John digs his boots into the ice and only succeeds in spinning their slide headfirst. Sherlock crows a protest, but John starts laughing and hooting. It’s actually brilliant. He’s vaulted back in time to childhood and the simple thrill of a reckless slide.
John felt a pang of indignation. “Wait – are you in my bloody
From: wssh1875@iol.com
"But, why are they still angry? They haven't been hunted for generations."
“Easy there,” John mutters tightly, his breath on Sherlock’s cheek. “I’ve got you.”
A fine drizzle slicks the road. A figure in an immaculate suit stands under an umbrella by a sleek black car and watches the windows of 221B. A cab pulls up and Sherlock jumps out carrying a large duffle bag, running to duck under the umbrella.
Heat flushed his face and he scrunched lower under his blanket.
Sherlock thinks I made to get us here.” John described the flickering water sources he’d seen above the burning forest, then their leap away from the Netters in a dead-end alley of the Cloud District.
he ponders miserably,
20.08.93   1:45
He’d never asked John what he wrote in it. Never peeked. John had seemed to appreciate this.
“Ta.”
“Is this about your fall, when you were gone?”
Don’t be a slave to your brain. Don’t lock up your heart, like poor Mikey down there. He says it’s all weakness, but he’s wrong. You have to include your heart, or your brain will never know what it’s doing it all for. Find some lass who doesn’t give a fig for Goldman, who just loves you for your pretty eyes. Or, hell,” Sherrinford’s eyes glitter at his sudden deduction, “some
“But – it’s illegal to use mind control on humans!” John blustered.
did you–”
Grinning back, he nods.
“Well, how about that?” she said with a knowing smile. “As a halfblood, even one as subtle as you, I’m sure you were sensitive to it.”
Upon returning to the quiet sitting room, he noticed Lune had left his post by the still-crackling fire. He reached out for John with his mind.
He frowned, a feeling of horror creeping up his spine. “What do you mean?”
well.”
Spotting the mugs that had flown from the kitchen earlier, he limped to the hearth and made himself a cup of strong tea, then leaned against the arm of the sofa, watching his patient sleep.
“Well, at least
few weeks.” She looked them up and down. “And from the looks of it, you’ve seen your share of the battle.” She clapped her hands abruptly. “So. Let us begin anew. You may call me Mrs. Hudson. This is my haven for magical outcasts. You are safe within these walls for as long or as little as you need. Come.”
Thinking suddenly of a trick he’d once seen at a circus, Johnny wriggled out of the sweater, tumbling painfully into the leaf duff and rotten apples. He stood, wincing, and brushed pulp and bits of lichen from his clothes. His hands were shaking. Johnny retrieved his traitorous boot from the weeds and looked up at the thick grey sweater hanging in the high branches. He sighed wearily. He only had the one. His mum would be furious if he lost it
“Yes. I had… hoped that you would follow me.”
“Your body wouldn’t wake.” He turns away, hands balling into fists. “We tried so many things, ran rounds of toxicology screenings. We knew after 24 hours that there wasn’t any residue of the drug left in your system. Our bloodwork matched. But I couldn’t find the pattern.” There is self-loathing in his tone. “You stabilized. But you wouldn’t wake. It’s as though you were…
Sherlock squints incredulously at him.
“It just sort of… came out. But if you don’t–”
“Look,” John snapped, “I don’t know
“Well, not words as such. More like a lotta screamin’. I keep to myself.”
Smoke stung Agent Lestrade’s eyes and he coughed deeply. From the back of his quadie, he swung the search light over the hazy forest floor. Any signs of their quarry had been wiped clean by the fire, which had snuffed out just as quickly as it had begun.
Sherlock whistles. “That much? And what if you don’t? Crack it, that is?”
“When you taught me. In the flat,” John says simply. “But tonight,” he whacks Sherlock’s’ bum playfully, “we will
John laughed outright, his relief palpable. “Mountain rambling and taking down the monarchy. Knew we had a lot in common.” He rubbed his eyes wearily and stared into the flames, lost in thoughts which Sherlock could only guess at.
< “Egg salad for lunch, purchased from a street vendor,” Sherlock says decisively, pulling away with a quick nip on the earlobe that makes John’s breath hiss. “Birthday for one of the nurses… likely Conrad who would be the only one to want a pistachio-frosted cake. You didn’t eat your piece, but brought it home for me. Millie was out, old Dr. Brett took her place by the way his cologne lingers about your person. One wart frozen off. Five, no,
Startled screams burst from the crowd as the towering women suddenly breathed gouts of flame. Unfazed, John noted with appreciation that the performers blew a flammable white powder from their palms, igniting it with the magical energy in their fingertips.
