"Says the man who is not yet thirty," said Hudson with a smile that ordinarily he would have found charming. Ordinarily would not have gotten on his next to last nerve. Not yet thirty and already his career was over. "Oh, dear," said Hudson. She cleared her throat.
"Is that true boss?" said one of the miner's whose grip on the boring laser slackened. The point lowered to the ground. "Why? We just hit a new vein. You said we didn't need to worry about the Breen."
Still, when she learned that a tunnel had suddenly appeared leading into the sewage filtration plant, another item of equipment had been stolen, and a starship, the Bakerstreet, was coming to investigate, she ignored the suggestion that they should determine the cause of the issue before the ship arrived.
She must have misheard him. Because she said, "The meat! It'll feed all of us for a week and it has ever so many other useful parts." Mollyhoo waved her hands enthusiastically. "Maybe between the three of us we could get the whole thing back to the cave. We have a cave by the way. First thing we did. Found shelter. Oh, but… even the fangs and poison pouches on this beauty can be used as a topical analgesic not to mention all this lovely fur."
"Right, Your Highness," said John, slathering sarcasm like he was applying a cement patch on a Horta.
He explained this to Sestre, who at fifteen, had grown as tall as Stonn, if not yet into his adult mass. Sestre said, "I understand, father. That is logical. It is also logical that at this point in my biological development that my emotions be somewhat unstable and lack proper control as a result of the hormones at work in my development." This was a reasonable explanation for Sestre's tears.
John rubbed his hand in circles on his rounding belly thinking warm milk thoughts as he and Sherlock ventured out into the white puffy flakes of snow that were blowing off the higher peaks. Around them on the ground, much of the snow had already melted.
"A man of Commander Holmes' skill could easily have modified the records. And there is also his planet of origin. Corindium IV. How convenient that all their computer records were destroyed in an e-pulse."
"Yes." A quicksand conversation. Bihr itched take back the tricorder. But at least the child hadn't repeated their first question.
Sherlock tortured a man with some variation of Victorious' name under the camera that he very well knew Victorious was watching him through. He was always watching everything. Sherlock loved his brother. He did. But given various things over the years, he hated him too.
Billy looked closer. "I don't know Connor. Maybe because they moved there so early, they didn't build it like that. Maybe it was before the Federation."
Oh, the food he brought back was good, but he knew how to turn sinews into strings for bows. Into thread for all sorts of things. He found uses for parts of the body that she'd never even considered. Intestines for sausage, which John knew how to make. Stomachs and bladders for pots. Candles from the tallow fat. She knew basically how to tan a hide, but Sherlock knew how to make useful hides. He even made drums that they could use to communicate from one of the valley to the next.
Sometimes she thought about Billy. What Billy must think of her? What it was necessary for Billy to think of her. If Billy ever thought about her? If he regretted that they had not moved more precipitously in their relationship, or if he was glad that they had not? She'd never even imagined Billy's existence when she'd first left on her little trip. Who hadn't even been the reason she'd gone in the first place.
While admittedly, Lucy's appearance was odd. Smoother and softer than previously, Bihr wasn't familiar enough with Human growth patterns to be able to see a great deal of difference.
Sleeping in the same bed was a fiction primarily composed of John angrily shouting that Sherlock didn't love him if he proposed not sleeping together, and wriggling his very flexible body against Sherlock's.
Trelane breathed in and out several times in short order. "She doesn't think I can be a perfect knight because I'm omnipotent, but I can! There's this other entity that's been filling her head with ideas about power and what it means and it has no poetry in its soul."
He replicated a cane and stomped around the ship. Stomped around and thought to himself, "If I have sex with Sherlock, I'd be fine."
"No," said Chin slowly. "I know you weren't… raised in the center of things, but Mummy already has a good deal of influence. Much more than Father Noonian and Father Meiying. I don't know why." She straightened her shoulders, "But that doesn't answer your question. Euros got in our heads. She made us turn on each other. It's all kind blurry, but we went out into the snow. I was attacked by a Feradon. A massive creature with poison fangs. I fell. It felt like it took forever. I broke… many bones. Then I healed… wrong. I couldn't get out of the crevice, until a stranger saved me." She shook her head. "Euros killed Victor and I thought killed you. She must have wiped your mind so you wouldn't remember what she'd done."
There was general agreement from the other Admirals, with an emphasis on how each Admiral thought his command needed resources first.
They reached the junction where Ms. Hebron said to go. Thil held the light while Shor read what they were supposed to do, and Eva, who was the best playing at games that required really steady hands, connected the wires.
The play reached the point where those who march beneath the raptor's wings, a chorus of his cousins led by Shelly, kicked the blocks and began the Epigrams of the Nuclear Bombing that would end in the death of Surak. There was a pre-recorded wail. His and Harry's childhood voices. Beneath it, John heard an electronic click.
"Put one of your control plants on the nearest pad. One of the ones whose growth hasn't been accelerated." As if she didn't know what he meant.
"Vesha, it's fine. I had Toby. I got a little turned around in the storm that's all." Without the driving rain and even with the smoke, Sherlock could finally make out her scent. As she'd said, she was an omega.
"I believe them," said Snow Sparkles. "Of course, it's easy for me. I can read minds. For the most part."
Which was when he knew what he had to do. Sherlock said, "I'm under orders to stay, you are under no such orders. Internal Affairs has no official authority over you. Killander had no authority."
John looked up suddenly. Fucking stupid tears suddenly filling his eyes again. "Can't Sh'Alaack look at it? Please, I don't want to be alone tonight. It's… been weeks since I've seen you." His voice was getting high and whiny, but John could not for the life of him make himself stop. "Please. It'll be better tomorrow." He closed his eyes. "I'm just not used to the hormones."
Not the direction he wanted the conversation to go. "I got a visit from her as an adult. Not long before you joined our crew. She attempted to induce me into going off to play with her."
"Not exactly, and there's not really time right now," said John. He looked at Billy, but it really wasn't the time to talk with him either.
Benjamin said, "What do you mean? Odo is here with me." Which led to the realization that there was a Changeling intruder on the station pretending to be Odo.
In the meantime, the cottage in Cornwall was cozy. Cuddling with Sherlock on a balcony under a blanket looking at the sea. Easy transport to a transporter hub in Tintagel.
All long since dead. Their descendants perhaps in the omegas with him now. He'd never checked so he could tell himself they were. He knew John was. Never checked with John if Connor had the same genetic trait that Billy had inherited from his mum, who'd gotten it from her alpha father, that had had Billy going into heat too young. Connor, the wonderful result, but born in so much danger. Now he berated himself for not making sure that like Anthea, Connor was free of it.
Her friendly face was sad. Her braids limp from the damp air. John felt sad for her. For all of them.
"Oh, my goodness no," said Frankland smiling jovially at John. "We're a modern facility. We allow our guests to roam freely about the rehabilitation level. We encourage them to perform simple tasks, explore their artistic side, provided they keep up with their treatments. Oh, ho, that's a key component to our success here."
"Yes, an afterheat pill. That's reasonable." That made sense. John's current body was far too young to bear a child. Especially not since the norm for Augments was two or three children. That was the only reason that Sherlock ruthlessly tamped down the suggestion drifting through every room in his Mind Palace that they were married, and John's career need not be affected and they even had childcare on the Bakerstreet. Others had their children onboard. Now that he could think, he could think about how a child of theirs might look at John's current age. But only a barbarian would force the love of their life to bear a child in such a primitive way and when all was said and done, Sherlock's genetics were nothing that should be passed on. Except John's genetics were something to be studied. They could ensure that they didn't pass on the particular gene they'd just been discussing if they were to create children in a more reasonable way. In a lab. As science intended. If they were to want to do so.
Sherlock ordered a coffee he didn't want, but was forced to ask, "I thought this was the Sugar Baby scenario."
Owen said, "Personally, think it's a fucking shame you won't do right by him. Just on account of John not being able to carry little ones."
"And that you are in the ninety-ninth percentile of the human population for augmented markers in your DNA."
Sherlock felt aggrieved that the Breen had to show up at the least useful time. Any time in the last four weeks would have made his brother's interference helpful, but now there was almost nothing left to be done. "I said that you are not needed. Go away."
John turned, pinching himself hard enough to draw tears. He looked up at the larger of the two Klingons. "Now the Ferengi say I'm going to be sold into inden…inden… and what about my ba-ba-ba-baay-by!" He put a little extra wail on that last bit.
Yellowbeard was thinking about building a fire if there was anything to burn, when Redbeard burst in the wide front door. "Traitor! Mutineer!" He had a serrated tusk in his hand. It was slick with something yellow and greasy.
"Thank you, so there we were. I had no one to dance with, when this ragged looking man," she squeezed Dad's hand, "with wild hollow eyes," she pecked his cheek, "really you were a fright, applied for the job." She held up her hands. "Picture it. A play about lost elegance in the opening days of WWII. It was all dancing in tail coats and military uniforms. My Karidian couldn’t have been further from the part, but Daddy was desperate, so we gave him an audition." She slipped her arm through Dad's. "His rendition of 'One More for My Baby,' was so angry and raw, we were on our feet by the time he was done. Then we danced our first waltz, and he danced his way into my heart." She sighed, and John couldn't help sigh with her. He loved that story. "When my father passed, we renamed the troupe Watsons for a new generation and the rest is theater history." She waved her right hand for an extra beauty queen flourish.
"Which my programming would not allow me to look at." He spread his hands. "The guidelines for ethical medical research and behavior are part of my core programming."
Sherlock looked up. "I know a great deal." He pursed his lips. "It had never occurred to me that such basic information wasn't available."
An alien female stood there with three males. The males were wearing silver belts with a green circle on it.
Eva looked around and asked, "Where's your mom?" when they heard it. A faint rumbling from within the wall.
It took some hours to study the night shift schedule. Simulate a home emergency for one of the two officers assigned to monitor the cell an hour into their shift. Leaving them shorthanded.
Killander, it figured, had no idea what went on at the chapel. "The logs show that you left campus frequently. What were you doing? Making contacts with other Augment dissidents?"
Lestrade said, "Sh'Alaack, we've prepared everything you asked for. We have a route for you into the palace and a cover identity. Newly captured shen, you'll be assigned as a servitor. There's a replicator on level five that has had the safeties turned off."
"Oh, for fuck's sake," said John. "Just because Sherlock's brother works for the Breen that has nothing to do with us. Sherlock can't stand his brother."
"First cousin, thirteen times removed," said Grandfather, who had figured out before everything fell apart that the idea made Connor laugh.
It was nothing but instinct that had him wanting to produce young with John's eyes and smile and everything.
Dad picked up her hands and kissed them, one by one. "My love, Banquo's ghost comes late to the feast."
Sometimes, he avoided obvious erogenous zones altogether. Focused on the space behind the ear. Breathing and licking Sherlock's sensitive, so very sensitive organs of hearing. His long gorgeous neck and the scent glands at the base. Loving the small pale pink nipples on his flat chest. Tongue flicking and swirling. Pinching one nipple with one hand and nipping the other with light teeth. Loving the way his husband writhed and whimpered while he played with him. Played with what belonged to John. Played with the sensitive skin behind the knees that had his husband rutting against the bed. Stroked the bottom of his feet, which were surprisingly tender.
John crawled over and pushed the green button. The belts snapped off and the pain stopped. John looked around the room. There was a pillar topped with a glowing sphere. Connective lines ran from it in all directions. Below it an interface that even to John's non-engineering eyes looked like a plug of some sort. "Sherlock, I think we've found you." He looked at Kara. "How do I get the Controller out of that thing?"
That was a good deal to close to home. John spread his hands. "Like I said, I wanted to publish. Maybe present at one of those big conferences. It looks like fun."
Eva's face crumpled. "We have to do something. Connor, we can't let that poor mommy lose her babies."
The room exploded into arguments between the Breen, which John really just didn't not have the patience for. "Children!" The room quieted, which was a little disturbing.
However, during her forty years of field work, if she'd run an operation at a location being worked by a fellow operative, she had checked in with them not only as a courtesy, but to make sure that their missions were not at cross purposes. She'd learned that the hard way.
"They are not the same design, and you're wearing two," said the alpha, but the protest had no force to it. Their beautiful face still flushed and glowing from their activities.
Grendel, Billy's grandfather and by extension some sort of distant relative of John's, said, "That's a later conversation. For now, it's enough to know that the Breen freed us from our respective tombs. The ones floating in space. The one under Federation control. Made a place for us among them as a 23
Melas came into sickbay later that day. After the exam, they placed their hand over their belly and said, "I'm going to keep it?" Took a deep breath. "Going to do my best to keep it."
John nodded as if he believed Victor. "That's the best I can hope for. So, let's do this, and trust me, you won't need any omega pheromones this time." John knelt in front of the bed and patted the coverlet. John held up his hands palm up to show what he was very clearly unarmed and very naked. Except for the collar with the hard shape of the finger laser inside of it. He hoped it wouldn't turn on by moving and stab him.
"Think John, think. A world that's been decaying for three hundred years. Onlies. Only children. Grown ups. Miri here is four hundred years old."
"I thought even with the changes to my face, he would recognize my scent, but he didn't." Chin looked down. "I don't know why."
For one, John was shorter. The parrot that normally stared at him from chest height was now eye height.
Somewhat Doylistically, they know how to work a computer. But it is purely Forcythian that they won't have forgotten what lube is, which because they have been awake five seconds...
"I do hope the captain hasn't blown it up in your absence," said Hudson, who had been visiting her niece, who'd immigrated to Maralonian. John mock glared at her, but she laughed. "You know how he gets."
It was never Sherlock's intention to seek John out in sickbay, his place of work. But if John didn't go to their quarters, Sherlock found himself down in sickbay, needing John's scent. The sight of him. Of a brief brush of lips.
"Okay, as the sacred keeper of the pool," said Killian, "I'll pick next. I have a good feeling about the next mission. Maiwand. Sounds like a winner." He looked at Hunter and Julian who picked as a couple, "Next."
Once they sat down, Killander drummed his fingers on the desk next to him. "In Commander Holmes case, our interest is far more than general. Palmer." The lieutenant held up her pad. It displayed the image of Khan Brittanus that had been circulated when Section 31 had been pretending he was a civilian contractor. "An uncanny resemblance to Khan wouldn't you say. How do you explain it?"
Sherlock hobbled several steps forward. "Washington, don't be an idiot, which is what I called you on our first away mission for ignoring basic protocols and exposing yourself to the polywater infection."
Were walking hand in hand when they came into the entry cave to the scent of copper. Shattered pottery. An unattended fire. No one guarding the door. Screaming. They ran towards the sound. John knew what they'd find.
The Klingons looked flummoxed by this whole speech. They moved closer together, which was when John dusted them with the spray bottle and managed by keeping it on tight spray to not get any on himself.
For example, she told Lucy, "John's ploy to get the Ferengi to bring Sherlock back to the ship was brilliant."
The pimp smiled unctuously and put his hand over his heart. "With a truly discerning eye, the consul recognizes quality. He's a freshly acquired slave."
Since Sherlock did know, Sherlock focused on certain key points of this discussion. "She?" asked Sherlock. Then he knew. "Euros."
Dax sauntered up to John and put a drink in both their hands. "You need to try these China Clippers. It's a rum drink with five spice. Your life isn't complete without it."
He'd added that Sherlock had returned to his cramped, dim garret above the inn owned by his cruel half-brother, only for the Emperor's guards to arrive with word that Sherlock was to be taken to the imperial seraglio and prepared for their new ruler's pleasure. That he'd initially blushed with mortification when the mistress of the seraglio told him what would be necessary to cool the Emperor's insatiable desires, because he'd never done anything like that, and yet his master had so skillfully relieved him of his virginity that he soon longed not to cool his Master's desire's to enflame them further.
Sherlock kissed his forehead and gently began peeling off his clothes. John said softly, "I don't want to have sex."
Lucy had over ten years experience in high risk situations on a Starfleet ship of the line. She'd participated in multiple research projects involving dispersed personnel.
John suddenly had the thought that she was about the age his children would have been. If he'd had them. That first time with Sherlock. If they'd survived. There was always that. Actually, no. She'd be six months younger. Or the same for the second set. Or a year older if the third. Infants when things had started. Pregnant with a Eugenics war going on inside him now.
Billy said, "I would do anything to keep Connor safe. But how do I fight something that's part of us?"
He, of course, sent communiques for major holidays and birthdays, and tried to chat with his parents once a month outside of that, but saying that sort of thing over an open channel had always seemed like a bad idea.
"I do not want Mummy to interfere, I know what form their interference takes," said Sherlock. Who added, "Sod off," for good measure.
"We can't drive them out," said Mollyhoo hastily. "They're both regressing, I've been carrying out cognitive tests with them, but neither of them have become violent. Well, a little violent, but mostly they just…" she didn't want to say that most of their tantrums mostly turned into rather public sex. "And if we try to drive Sherlock out then John will…"
His head hurt, because as he recalled that meant Sherlock's parents. "But why the," John gestured at the helmets with their pointed noses, "if you're human?" Silly question, but he was curious and couldn't remember if he'd asked Sherlock.
She'd been given a commendation and an extended leave of absence from field work that had her ending up at the academy where she'd briefly considered recruiting dear Sherlock – with his many capabilities – or John – with his excellent aim and theatrical background – but really it was better this way. Inevitably John would have lost his temper and Sherlock, well, he'd have ended up in a lab as the subject of experimentation.
"Yes, the right thing." Tentatively, Grandfather placed an arm around Connor and briefly squeezed. Connor was less tentative with his hug. Before bouncing off to re-explore parts of the house. Grandfather trailed him after him.
"Ayaba had a cut on his arm. He had sex with Sherlock. Now he doesn't. He’s been healed. We're pregnant." Mollyhoo's hand rest on her belly. She smiled suddenly. Tears filling her eyes. "I thought I would never get to…" She stopped cold reality setting in. "We're all pregnant! All of us. Most of us. I'm the one who convinced John to... in the stone age. There are so many complications that could kill us and we don’t even have birth control to prevent us from repeatedly...which fine we just need to collect Marymor's urine if we don't want to, which will work for everyone not me, yay, but every single one of us has genetic conditions that...I never even did a family work up on everyone... what if there are complications. Some of us have issues that can be corrected for. In the future where there was science."
Father Noonian had endless strategies for how they could leverage what they had been given to grow if they would just join forces. Although, negotiations often failed on Father Noonian's suggestion that Euros be freed from her prison.
Julian appeared, just as the stimulus stopped having an effect, and Sherlock ended up back in Wilke's body.
John told himself that it would fine. He picked up a bag with a few medical journals. Repeated it was going to be fine. Went to join Sherlock, because where Sherlock was going, John was going and that was how it was going to be full stop.
Sherlock turned the HVAC on, which startled the animals that Morg had been hunting, which led to the man standing up and cursing, which led to him being captured by the away team.
Anyway, so that's the potential benefits and threats to privacy through genetic testing in a porny fanfic nutshell, which has little to do with making super soldiers. Now on with the plot, which is thickening.
Some long past admitable things. To take Sherlock by the hand, ask Julian to shove off, turn on the privacy shield and open his bottom desk drawer, show Sherlock what he had been holding onto for over a decade in some cases.
She climbed the final cliff. A green so clear that it could have been jade. Weak sunlight tried to blind her from all directions. From the top, it was a matter of climbing down the shale ridge and into the Valley of the Ancestors and into the low cave entrance at the top of the valley.
John refused to have Julian test his dexterity. He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. His healed hand. "Fuck it. We'll see what Starfleet does and go from there."
Connor came out of the bedroom into the living area of their quarters and Billy stuffed away the communicator hastily. But Connor didn't give him the worried look he generally gave when he saw Billy mooning over the communicator. Instead he said, "I'm worried about Eva." He looked at her wide eyed. "Ms. Hebron was turned into teenager in an accident. It's all over the Augment channel on Bakerchat."
It was also a relief to be ordered by Sherlock to bring back lab equipment. His hair cut back to its usual curls. John brought back equipment. The wrong equipment. Endured a stroppy rant with far more weeping than was usual. Hormones. John had been there. Still, it was hard not to bristle. Brought other equipment. Went to sickbay for more open hours. No questions to a few more visitors. Was summoned because it was still yet wrong equipment. Ended up having a shouting match that ended in grappling, shoving sex against the side of their bed.
Eva wondered sometimes if this was what it had felt like to live in the stone age. She wished Connor was there to ask, or Sh'Alaack. Thil said she'd lived on a colony where they'd almost run out of food.
Hobb chuckled nervously, glanced at her and the Breen standing silently behind her. "No need to bring up old stories."
The Khans had allied with the Cardassians and the Romulans to carve up Federation territory. While what remained solidified behind new borders. Deanna Troi, a half Human-Betazed refugee had a good many details about all of it. Her mother, a prominent Betazed politician, had advocated for Human resettlement in Nu-Federation territories, and fell in love with the Human transporting the refugees. Human Normals only. She'd glanced at him worriedly. "The Khans didn't allow anyone with so much as a drop of Augment genetics to leave their territory. As you know."
"The lead dances all over this bar and kicks over bottles of alcohol to show the depths of his despair and anger," said Harry, pouring another drink. "It's fucking insane."
But Connor had helped save an entire species. Helped save everyone when the Bakersteet had been captured by Ferengi. He could do this. He went to a table where three omegas were sitting with an empty seat. He said, "Hello, Wiglaf. Fenrir. Caorthannach. Is it okay if I sit here?" He pointed at the empty space at their table.
Mummy said, "Chin asked me to travel with her on her next few errands for her parents. Perhaps go to meet her parents." The Khans. Mummy meant the Khans. "For the last year, we have had to be apart. Because she had to run her parents' errands."
Sherlock did not shout that if Lurin hurt John, he'd remove Lurin's spleen with his fingers. The disruptor was still aimed in his direction on wide beam. He forced a calm expression. "Why should I care? Piece of trash I picked up off the streets. He's no good to me now that I've had what I wanted. Save me paying later. Although…" Sherlock tapped a cheek as if thinking, "there may be some who would pay extra for a pregnant Omega."
John was under the impression he acted like he was an overly emotional kid when he was around his mother, but John was also aware that Sherlock was an excellent distraction to lob at his mother, who adored Sherlock, who adored her in return. Which since that was a view John shared, it was all fine.
He looked at Sherlock, but Sherlock was already sitting against a wall doing that thing where he disappeared into his head. "Okay, then," said John.
Grandfather was quiet for some time. Finally, he said, "I did try. I knew that my children were lost to me the moment the ship took off." He looked out at the warm blue capped water of the lake. The forested mountainsides. "I had been so fortunate in the children I had with Betas, I didn't understand how easy it had been. At a certain point, I did not have the heart to continue. To hope that bravely. I cannot imagine doing as the Khans did. Making thousands of attempts to reach success." His heart thudded a beat. He sent Billy a quick smile. "And aren't you glad, or Chin Singh would not be here today."
Sometimes Sestre wondered what it had been like to be a Vulcan in the old days. Before the destruction of Vulcan. Before Vulcans had been turned into an endangered species. It wasn't particularly logical to wonder about such things, but Connor had always encouraged him in these intellectual exercises.
Leaving only the surprising revelation that without his intervention Sherlock would die in the past.
Caorthannach spilled his nutrient drink on his chest. It nearly bounced onto the floor, spilling more, but Connor caught it. For several minutes they were all occupied getting sponge cleaners. When the mess was clean, Connor repeated the question.
Admittedly, the lab part of that statement was all a bit speculative, because after three hundred years of Augments and Normals mixing their genetics, there was no way of knowing. And after both the Eugenics wars and the WWIII, all the original labs and their records had been destroyed.
A lifetime away from the closed expression he'd worn when they'd first arrived in the future. Hardly speaking. Always in Billy's shadow.
"Yeah, yeah," said Karak. "We've all heard the parable. And then they had no descendants to wonder why they hadn't taken the opportunities fate sent them."
John clenched and unclenched his hand. Feeling the phaser in his hand. It had felt hot as he'd raised it to shoot Sh'Alaack and killed their father instead. As if the heat suffusing their father was going into his own hand.
Relief flooded through her. This could work. "Bring Connor, there's someone it's long past time you should both meet." It had to.
John was seated at a low table on a balcony overlooking moonrise over Nuvo-Babylon. There was a bowl in front of him full of dried flower petals. Sherlock's flowers. "You're too far away. Come closer."
Sherlock might have referred to the Vesuvius' eruption as an orgasm and that there was to be sex in a hot bath.
John packed a small case of mementos. There was no telling how long they would be. He looked blankly around his quarters. He hadn't been there in almost two weeks. He packed away the pictures of his parent's theater's company. The Watsons. His name wasn't even really Watson. He didn't know who he was.
Mycroft had been considering, perhaps, if Elim would still speak to him when all plots were said and done – as if that would ever occur – proposing that they own a cat together. He'd done some research on various breeds. The file was getting thick.
The mind become used to things being in a certain configuration. Also, it was logical to grieve for the inevitable loss of resources and life that came with war. While there was a benefit to himself from the transition, the logical thing to do was to acknowledge the discomfort of change. Accept it. By this path, they could move on.
For all the psychopathy of the facility and the fake memories, Harry had made some progress at Tantalus. Although, she hoped the next place wasn't going to be called Sisyphus. John wasn't the only one who knew how to break out of things and she had promises to keep. That was something to cling to.
"Oh, it was even worse than that." Sholto smiled grimly. "Not a few hours later, our relief arrived with enough food for everyone." He stared at John's dad. "There's not a day that goes by that I don’t think about that."
Owen said with an evil grin, "I know exactly where to put this pollen in the air filtration system to get the whole ship. The Klingons will be more relaxed than they've ever been."
"Sh'Alaack isn't that much older than I am. She couldn't have been more than a small child when the massacre happened. She's wrong. You put an idea in her head and now she’s got everything turned around. She doesn't know my father."
"Uh," said John, moving closer to Sherlock. "I think we should pass if it's not critical for saving the Federation or our lives." John wrapped an arm around Sherlock's waist. "Love, let's go home."
Bashir laughed and started talking about a paper he'd read about neuro-restimulation in patients with spinal issues.
John did not protest that hand crafted clothing had details no replicated pattern could ever think of. That those details were an indication of care and attention. But perhaps when confronted with such items, some part of him would resurface.
That was that. Which was for the best. Mycroft hadn't wanted to tell them that based on previous observation, trying to hold on too tightly might see everything fall apart.
Martha would transport and Lucy would hold the ship in case there was another boarding party. Take the ship out of orbit and head for a starbase if there was any hint of being recaptured.
"Blood is thicker than water," said Killander. "Fact, when we examined the energy signature in the facility where Khan and his followers cryo-chambers were held, we identified the decay trail of a Breen transporter."
"You're brilliant." John stepped closer. Sherlock could feel the warm from his body. "You're beautiful." He plucked the unnecessary glasses off Sherlock's face and he hadn’t realized how heavy they'd been. How light his face felt without them. Free. How they had created a sheen of sweat that accentuated the subtle push of John's breath. Faintly sweet. He'd been chewing a clove. "You're oblivious to just how amazing you are. Would you be interested in… sharing a drink?"
Lucy did not particularly care. She was tired and upset and her daughter was hiding in a Jeffries tube.
The other child, Victorius, was dead. His neck broken. He had other injuries, but that was the main one.
While John had been away, there had been a few of those. While she tried to figure out who she was. Not that he knew about them. He'd been away.
John put his hand on Sherlock's wrist. "Stay here. We stay." Sherlock stilled, no longer caring if some of the omegas had gone to be bred by other alphas. Not as long as his Omega claimed him.
"Let me fight for you." John had been fighting diseases on the edges of space for almost a decade, and yet he finally felt as if he'd found his war. "Since I've been able to identify three people on the ship who can self-report that they went through juvenile heat, and I've been able to identify some common genetics," he touched the area on the monitor where the range of single nucleotide polymorphisms that he, Owen, Billy, and Connor had in common were located, "I can start researching drugs and treatments that either turn off the gene or at least turn on the gene that regulates our heat. It's still early days. We'll talk specific treatments as we get there."
Martha knew that her telepathy would have done her no good with the Ferengi, but still she missed the familiar noise in the background. As if she'd lived in a well populated city for decades and had opted for some reason to retire to a desolate rural landscape.
Sarabeth looked up from where the alpha was purring, said, "Could you could translate that into something I can understand. If it's not the science of color, then I don't get it."
"He would. But details." Sherlock could feel every cell in his body straining to absorb what Chin might say next.
He did not fantasize in any way having a long term role in John's life. At all. Ever. Not even staring at the wide open sea that was all that was left of his early childhood. John's gift.
She said to John. "There's still some omegas that Sherlock hasn't healed with his magic cock. Fixed their sadness."
"Well, you're about to. It's full of singing and dancing and you're going to benefit from my childhood obsession with it because," he waved back at the alcove, "as I recall, singing in your own head can keep the voices down."
"But we can't survive outside. It's not livable. Many of the Morg from above the surface are becoming sterile in addition to violent. Developing unsupportable mutations. The only way to survive is below the surface."
But that wouldn't help John escape. He tested his information leaking interrogator. "Classified ship. Courier class. Older model Peregrine. I'm not the ship expert that our navigator is. Not much in the way of shielding and weapons. Capable of taking out a shuttlepod, but that's about it. Carries, what? A compliment of maybe ten to fifteen crew?" Killander twitched at fifteen. "You got a sponsor, but not one with enough resources to get you a real ship. What do you think'll happen when you don't turn up Khan?"
They were only an hour away when word came from Queue base. There had been an accident. For some reason after dinner, Sholto had gone off by himself in the hills above the base and fallen to his death in the dark.
"Ah, well," said Frankland. "There are limits. Even with that little booster. But still, you've done very well on your first treatment." The blue lights rippled around him. Waves of a sea. "John, you're very tired. It's hard to move, you're so tired." John sagged into his chair. "You need to relax while the neural neutralizer calibrates, although really it's a bit more of a neural refurbisher, but never mind. Little fancies. Grandfather wanted it to be called a neural neutralizer and so it shall be."
He was still laughing at himself when Donovan stunned him. Watson shoved him off as he fell. Donovan turned her phaser on Stonn, who held up his hands. "I won't betray you. Bihr Sh'Alaack, your reputation does you justice. To have succeeded in turning Khan Brittanus' favored enforcer against the Khanate."
Sherlock did not compose a sonata about the joy it would be to be married to John that caused the attending crew not deaf from listening to the Bad Band to weep. Fine, he did.
Still, his wide grin and good spirits lifted her mood. It also made her really want to do some bloodwork on him, but that was a near constant wish these days. She followed him as he made his slow way up the valley to a small ledge. John might no longer be able to discuss possible herbs for birth control, but he was still an excellent shot. Far better with the bow than she'd ever be. Toby was more than happy to gather up the various vermin that John hit as they emerged from trees or the ground.
Owen said, "He really did knock you up. Mum was right to homeschool me and keep me away from alphas."
"No one is saying you did dear. I said me. That's when I took a leave of absence from my um… previous career in Starfleet and came back to be a teacher. Oh, the phase is pretty brutal on Betazed women. Our sex drive quadruples and our telepathy gets very unreliable." Hudson frowned. "Will I begin having a period again? I haven't had to worry about that in a decade. Ugh cramps."
"What no seriously. But you're," Sherlock had to be at least ten years older than John and, "gorgeous."
"Over the years, I've identified at least four methods, he could have used. I wasn't even certain it was him at the time. Too many other possibilities I needed to eliminate first."
"You love a Breen," said one of the Klingon grinning. "They are great warriors. Just ask Vurak the Unlucky. Perhaps we will be fortunate enough to test our honor fighting them.""
Sherlock said, "You looked like this the first time you took me. And I looked up at you just like that." Without a mirror and a time machine, Sherlock couldn't have said if it was true. It felt true.
John almost blacked out from everything he was feeling. Everything about everything overwhelming him. He came again. He couldn't count how many times it had been. Too much. Too many. Not enough.
"He's not a real Augment," muttered Lucy, even though this was the exact opposite of the position she'd taken in college. Her entire life. Was the opposite of everything she believed. She just wanted to disagree with him.
"Oh, Internal Affairs is often called in for these sort of things. They'll be in in a moment. Lieutenant Watson. Have a seat."
"Do you know how to fight? Shoot a phaser? Survive in the wilderness?" Not that she knew, but she had read Robinson Caruso. "Get revenge on an arch enemy? Fence with a sword?" That last one she did know how to do, or at least the kind that looked good on stage.
"Fantastic." He raised his left hand. Glad to know something else about himself. They continued down the hall.
"Irrelevant." It really was. He cast about for other logical reasons John should marry him. He had to convince John. It was suddenly vitally important.
"Planet's full a' minerals," said Gremel. "Just need new equipment. That's what I thought we were asking the Breen to trade for. Not to give the lot away."
John was one step away from hitting a superior officer. His hands were in fists. His heart was pounding. "My father is not a mass murderer. He's an actor. He kills people on stage with replicated synthblood. That's all."
"Imagine meeting the two of you here," said Lestrade. "Seeing the same comedy about two idiots who are desperately in love, but won't declare themselves until their friends trick them into declaring themselves."
"No, question me," said Billy quickly. He moved around John. "I'll tell you whatever you need to know." He was taken to a solitary room with a table. That was it. A metal table bolted to the floor. A low backed chair. A force band that they shoved his arms through. He burst out laughing. It was nothing like his imagination had conjured. Surgical arrays. Acid vats. Super heated steam. Below zero glycol. So many experiments. That wasn't even counting the ones on his reproductive system, which… Killander wasn't Green.
His heart squeezing when the computer told him it was so. He ran. Discarding clothing in a fast rain when he was through the door. If John was still dressed. If he was lying naked on the bed in a variety of poses. He hoped that John had remembered to turn on the privacy shield, hoping that he hadn't. Wanting everyone to hear John shout his name. Shout, "I love you!" Shout as they made the bed rattle against the wall.
So what's going on in this end of "episode" teaser relates to two trends in genetics today, which it's probably worth talking a bit about (more below):
Set off running over some fairly rugged terrain. Pausing to shout, "Hurry up! I'll need to start my injections before they implant." John, as always, ran after his mad man.
John examined the single-neucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in Sherlock genome to see the genetic variations in his nucleotides. Which John had to admit was an incredibly intimate thing to do. There was nothing more private about a person than their genome.
"But you're not here to visit me, are you? Oh, no. You're here to see your dear sibling, Harry. Took me aback a moment when I first saw your picture. That I said to myself is the very picture of Harry Watson. That is just what I said."
Sisko convened a planning dinner, which appeared to involve planning and dinner, which at least made John happy.
They finished their lasagna. Spent the night watching their favorite Tollywood vid on her Mom's tablet.
He blinked awake. A thick fur rug under his cheek. He swallowed and sat up. A stranger was sitting up next to him. A beautiful stranger. Golden skin. Golden soft hair. Smiling blue eyes as they examined the room. Their scent was milk-cream, earth rich, and yet somehow subtly spicy. Omega, supplied something in his memory. He waited, but nothing else bubbled up.
"Lieutenant Watson, I am aware you accessed Doctor McCoy's files about curing Captain Kirk of being… very dead. That's a valuable ability worth studying. Not to mention a third possibility. That you brought someone back and they convinced you to help them free their relative."
Taking the children to war had been dangerous, but the only way they had any time with them. And at least Sextus and Septimus were somewhat spaced out as a result of the Romulan Star Empire and the Klingon Empire refusing to lay down and die. Which really couldn't be said about Octavus and Nonus, but... Sherlock had been so certain the device would work and John was so voracious... always.
As always hope came from John. Flushed with the chemical cocktail of what had just happened, he mused, "Anyway, the really creepy bit in 'Demon Seed' was when the AI made itself an artificial body."
The shuttle 221C creaked and rattled at the force of the dekyon storm. Subspace pulses intensifying the quantum flux.
Sherlock moved quickly, the alpha seemed so slow by comparison. He twisted the arm with the stone knife. Marymor kicked at him. Snapping her teeth at his neck. He slammed her back against the cave wall once, twice.
Sherlock walked easily through the broken streets of the ruined city. He and John jumped down from the slab that had bisected the street just as another time wave swept through the ruins, but this time John didn't lose his footing.
Still, Sherlock's hand shook as John slipped a ring on Sherlock's hand, with a recitation of vows. A visible mark of belonging wrapped around his finger.
Mummy had been trying to do something special with Euros' allele group, but it hadn't worked the way they wanted, which was why most of their other siblings died while they were being gestated or worse. Victor told them horror stories about the worse.
"Logical," said Stonn holding his own phaser, "as stunning you was our original plan before you so precipitously changed sides." There was flash from his phaser and Donovan crumpled to the ground.
Owen was soon backed up by about twenty Normal Humans in red leather uniforms carrying fucking laser spears looking like a squad of ketry freaks jonesing for their next fix, which was not her favorite look on people with weapons.
"As if I would let anyone else have you now that I've made you mine," said John. He kissed Sherlock. "I'll send my man to purchase you and count the money well spent."
His mate smiled back. Rubbed his body against Sherlock's. Looked worried as his lips moved, but no words came.
On the third and lowest level, there was a brocade couch below the ornate carved railing. Sitting on it was a pale skinned, dark haired man wearing a red and black uniform dripping with gold braid, and a red and gold crown on his head.
The transporter beam enveloped them, but as they reformed in Transporter Room Forest, something was different.
Not far away, a mother feradon was wailing for her cub. Euros made her wailing stop, because her cub was alive and in danger. As it roared into the icy narrows, Euros called to it in the voice of its cub. "
When they settled down to talk, John, a John she'd never met, said, "We only came this way because one of the aardvark people that have been sending armies up this way said there was a settlement of people who looked like us living in this direction. Figured a cave's a cave, but other Humans was something worth finding. And our children were more than ready to meet new people."
"Oh, uh," Billy looked at the others, who pretended not to be listening. "Give it to a Breen embassy. They'll make sure it gets to Chin Singh."
Sherlock crushed the tritanium panel in his hand from what remained of the starboard side of shuttlepod 221C. While he was strong, he wasn't that strong. Something had affected the metal at a molecular level.
The sounds behind the door abruptly stopped. John whispered, looking at his tricorder, "It's Human. We should,"
Billy was halfway out the door, but he said, "Thank you." They raced through the building, back to the promenade and into the tunnel.
Robert, "But please call me, Bob," Frankland got the tour of Tantalus asylum's facilities from the outgoing asylum director, Jacqui Stapleton.
"What if Thil tries to," Khel scrubbed at her eyes, "I don't know. Challenge them to a duel. I don't know. He'll get Shor to… why do you let them listen to all those stories that murderer sends them."
"Mum! Holmes and I are friends!" John tried to keep the high pitched note out of his voice, but couldn't. Not with his mother looking so brightly at him. Especially because he could feel the "with extras," pouring off him.
He held up a hand to gently stop her. "I have read the packets on every guest at this facility." He looked around brightly. From what he'd seen so far, Tantalus was a bit dated – and terribly named – but well designed to affect a healing ambiance. He said, "I was very excited to be offered the opportunity to direct the treatment at a facility designed by Doctor Tristan Adams." Bob was always happy to introduce one of the greats in their field in a conversation with a peer.
He wanted John yelling at him and grinning as they rigged an explosive device to kill an incorporeal creature that consumed the electrical impulses in the Human – and other species – bodies.
Not-Sherlock didn't explode in anger. He huffed and flounced back and forth with a sulky expression, looking much like a child who'd been caught doing something they shouldn't. "That wasn't my fault."
John gestured palm down. Connor's sobs subsided. He looked exhausted. As he slumped to one side, Hudson said. "Billy, I'll watch him. You take the other bunk with John."
"While Yao attempted to delete the record of a Petty Officer Forester's visit to this facility. Given Forester died at Wolf 359, her appearance two months later was impressive. Particularly since on the recording of her visit, Forester looks exactly like Yao. How unfortunate for you that the Starfleet retention policy for access records is twenty years, and not three."
They climbed down a ladder into an interstitial space that was not on the site designs. Ended up in a very non-standard space containing another series of distributed computer systems that were very definitely was not on the site designs.
Finney sat down on a pipe. "Going to do what I should have done near a hundred years ago. Should have known that killing Adams wasn't enough. Not with his own damn machine. Not when it can pluck memories as well as place them. But back then, Jame was alive. Sending me messages. Visiting me for Christmas and my birthday."
He followed John to the caves below. The door was open. The sharp scent of black powder warred with the scent of where the alphas had marked inside the cave with blood and piss when they died. They were missing parts where the boom stick had thrown rocks at them.
Melas was sitting on a marble bench smiling dreamily at the forest. They were dressed in a Greek chiton. Entirely out of uniform. But given how he himself must look, John couldn't judge.
Sherlock's wild smile shone on John. "You kept them. Even though you must have thought I'd abandoned you, you found a way to keep them."
John slipped his hand through Sherlock's. After a long pause. "Suppose I should get to know all my in-laws."
Just as a small round hole appeared in the stone wall and... something that looked like Connor's favorite food, peperoni pizza, slid out of the hole. But bigger than the largest pizza. It was at least as big as Sestre if he were laying on his back on the ground.
After Bihr and Protector left, Supersmart and Amazing Sparkles reset the controls for the helm. Soon it was humming and Brown Sparkles sighed with relief. "We have control of the helm and weapons systems."
It was the sort of question that echoed around the plaza and into the sharp squeeze of John's heart. "Is there another one we should take?" asked John, feeling more than a little shattered.
They went to the nesting chamber on the far end of a gallery full of glittering stone. It was a good nest. Candles dripped from rock ledges. Only one entrance. He marked the walls with his scent. John had already marked the chamber with his own. Stayed close to John. Checking in with him every few minutes to be sure that he was still there. Longing to breed with him, but John did not respond to his displays. Not even when he took off all his clothes and stroked his cock.
Sometime in the middle of the night, he gave up. Pinged Sherlock to see if he was awake just to keep John company. Nothing more.
"Marida!" said Mollyhoo. She hugged Vesha, who cried cry in quick, sharp, sobs like needles. "I go out by myself alone all the time. He's doing what we all are. Trying to get us ready for winter."
But when he arrived in the holodeck, John wasn't in the midst of flirting with this or that hologram. He wasn't wearing some exceedingly skimpy garment that revealed significant portions of his skin.
"That is a good wage," said Tevek. His voice took a very crafty tone. "But did you get any of it upfront?"
But really, he couldn't care about that while standing with the hooded figure panting. Laughing. "Sherlock, that was you, wasn't it? The last time."
The Tertius that Sherlock did everything in his power to ensure would survive, and wanted so very much to be there from their first breath into the world. Sherlock had been so impatient to hold them and breathe their sweet infant scent and kiss them and dandle them and play with them and love them. As many of them that survived. Weren't murdered and absorbed by their stronger siblings. That was how it was for Auguments in vivo. For high order multiples. For John. Not that they'd ever tried vitro.
"That's very clever, John," said Sherlock beaming that weird look again. "You have correctly deduced Killander's motivation for accusing me of colluding with my brother."
Sherlock stared at John with all his cameras, which was what he'd been doing a moment before, but now it was with different intent. He did enjoy ensuring John had many orgasms. He always had. From their very first encounter, which admittedly had had a biological component, but it was a solid through line of intent. When he woke John in the middle of the night, it wasn't his own desire, something to trouble him, but occurred equally out of his desire to please John and be pleased.
End of a weary while, he reached out and was handed a nutrient drink by none other than Captain Benjamin Sisko. John blinked at him. Slight fracture of the right tibia. Sub-hematoma on his right check. Otherwise fine.
John pulled back and spread his hands wide. "You think me a merchant to quibble over price." He glanced at the curtains. "However, I am not for common pleasures. I'll have him in the comfort of my villa."
The door opened and Chin Singh, Soo-Lin Yao, whatever her name was, came in. Her face was still altered. Her eyes that same changeable blue-grey-yellow as Sherlock's. "I came back from my search as soon as I heard. Billy," she smiled softly, "this is who I wanted you to meet."
To a degree much of her career had revolved around being under estimated, but that had been when she was infiltrating organizations and disrupting them for the good of the Federation. Not working as a part of an organization. A ship. A family.
Supersmart looked at him with those wide gorgeous eyes of his and nodded. "He handed John the tablet. "I don't need it."
Sherlock yanked the alpha back by their heels. Pulled and swung. Let go. The alpha was a dead weight. Their face and neck riddled with small arrows. All disappearing as they fell from view over the cliff edge.
He would never have been able to carry out the delicate work of the next part of his plan. Utilize vendarite's capacity to conduct energy. More specifically its capacity to blow up when exposed to a specific electric frequency. No doubt the reason for the tectonic instability of the planet.
"We," said another voice. "Don't forget me." A humanoid appeared on the bridge dressed in a Greek chiton. The figure had long black curling hair wreathed with grape leaves. "I am twice born Dionysus, god of wine and madness, and the blowhard currently plucking your ship in the starry shawl of night is arrow wielding Apollo, while you," they looked at Sherlock, "are simply gorgeous."
That got Mycroft to sod right off. There was a Governor to hold hands in front of, because fuck if John was going to give a fuck when he'd just saved a species.
"Hmm…" Sherlock considered his and John's own meager artistic skills. "If we take over hunting, will you paint images on the wall that I define for you?"
Sherlock knelt down next to John. Brushed back John's sweat dampened hair from his forehead. His touch felt amazingly good, which made sense given the oils in his skin would be interacting with whatever hormones the parasites had been releasing for the last week. "John, what's wrong?" John just want to lean into his hand, but listening to his hormones was what had gotten him into this situation.
John laughed. Sherlock wasn't getting off that easily. "I believe I said I wanted to clean you." He patted the surface of the water in front of him. "Sit here, so I can do just that."
Martha said, "We don't need to disturb the captain. He has a great many things to work out with that husband of his." The decision was hers. The experience was hers. Yet there was that hesitation that came of all the doubting faces. Blank and unreadable. A decision had to be made. "We're going. We have all the information we need from this area of space."
Sherlock wanted to snarl that there was nothing else. He'd done the calculations. There was no way to use a cold fusion start to fly the Bakerstreet to precisely the correct era. The stress of a fifty centuries year journey would tear the ship apart. This had been their best opportunity to discover what had happened after they left the Breen Stone Age. Their best opportunity to recover whatever children they had left there, or at least provide them with modern supplies. Medicine. Not abandon them. To know them. Had one survived? More? Possible names filled the halls of his memory palace. Names he'd never know.
Since Sherlock still ached over the children he had lost after the encounter with Apollo and Dionysus, since John had changed the subject, since Sherlock had yet to find a way to ask if John wanted to choose to attempt to have children, the atmosphere had become increasingly tense.
She stared at him. "You do realize that there has been a betting pool since the first week we shipped out as to when the two of you would finally admit that you were a couple."
The Klingon looked at him, while the other Klingons laughed. He pulled the communicator back out of his pocket and tossed it to Billy, who licked his lips and opened a line of communication. "Chin, I love you. This communication device may no longer hang over my heart, but know that heart beats for you. This message is my hope that you will hold me close in your heart as well and you will find a way to find me again."
Lestrade came over to John after the skits and asked for an introduction to his parents, which he was more than happy to give. Unlike Sholto, Lestrade didn't come out with accusations. He wanted to talk about the tap routine during the final skit, as it turned out he'd studied tap dancing as a boy. John left his mum and Lestrade rattling off a series of steps at each other. Mum's the louder for wearing actual tap shoes, while the Tamerians watched in delight, and Sirok looked slightly perturbed. Another arch of his eyebrows.
The sickbay doors opened and his body walked in the door. It said in a cheerful tone, "How is our patient? Still alive? Great to see. Just great."
It was never Sherlock's intention as he drifted back to sleep beside John to initiate coupling in the morning. He intended enabling him to get to his shift on time. But when John – his husband – opened his eyes, beautiful blue, and kissed him, their mouths rank with the night and Sherlock could not have cared less, it was inevitable that Sherlock would follow him into the shower.
Sherlock didn't say that John had been missing many shots from the ledge near their nests. It was not because he lacked the words.
In answer to the question John hadn't asked, Bashir said, "Nothing. We're doing nothing. We're just here. On Earth. For no reason." John didn't have to be Sherlock to know he was lying.
John found the holographic doctors already clearing debris and placing the wounded on biobeds. He and the sentient medical staff spent the next nineteen hours patching together the broken bodies, using everything they'd learned over the years to save lives.
There was a trilling whistle followed by a computerized voice. "Your brain scans show that you are awake Khan Brittanus."
"My husband is getting help. But that may be hours yet. I can't carry both of you, I'm concerned about moving either of you further into the cave, the temperature differential is sucking the cold air into the cave, and the temperature is dropping. So, crawl into the bloody beast."
Sherlock brushed the pseudopod down John's neck. He could not scent John. Sherlock had no teeth. He could merely bring hand unit 420 to delicately pinch John's neck over the bite marks in a simulation of a bite. Sherlock had no sperm and no labs with which to create such, even if he wanted to breed John. He was well aware of how John would and had responded to the initiation of successful reproduction in the past.
"It is strange that you should bring that up for it has been in my thoughts much of late." She took a deep breath. "I have been unable to speak the words to my family, who bear the weight of my moods. But if my children are to know their grandparents, if my partners are to know why sometimes darkness takes me, then I must practice the speaking of them."
Jacqui blew out a breath and took him to a simply delightful room. Utterly delightful. A floor to ceiling monitor gave the illusion that he was above ground and looking down at the Baskerville penal colony with its rows of neat little fields beneath the sky blue dome that kept out the oxygen poor atmosphere of the planet proper. There was an entirely comfortable couch and sets of plump chairs. A proper desk to work on and quite frankly let his gaze drift over the wide monitors. The room was lit by a cheekily smiling sunlamp that could be set to white, red, yellow, or blue depending on the disposition of the occupant.
John had provided very vaguely precise instructions about their next assignation. Sherlock was to wear a cotton tank top, a white lab coat, large plastic rimmed glasses dipping down over his cheekbones, with his hair slicked back tight against his head. Sherlock's persona was a virgin scientist who had dedicated his life to nothing but work and had never been kissed.
She had a deep cut just above her right eyebrow. Red blood snaked down over her cheek. John wasn't Sherlock to deduce oceans from a drop of rain, but even he could parse omega as a reference to Augments. Anyway, the only society John'd encountered that used rings to indicate their preferred gender determination were Augments from Earth. He shouted introductions while she bent down by the creature with an obsidian knife. She nodded absently and crooned to the dead animal. "Aren't you a beauty! Dress you here, dress you in the cave? Hmmm…"
It was perfectly obvious what was going on in general way. They were two good friends with benefits. Flexible. Hard. Mutually satisfying benefits.
"I understand." Billy looked away briefly. "You have your family stories about Anthea. Anything I could tell you would only tarnish the legend." He took a sip of tea. "As it is, I still get nightmares about the past. Can't bring myself to step foot on a planet. A space station is the future. I know I'm not back there when I'm on one, but a planet." He drank more of his tea. "I don't know."
Supersmart raced down the corridors. Every step taking him farther away from Amazing Sparkles. John Watson. If that was his actual name. Knowing that there was a real chance that if he deactivated the device incorrectly he could end up causing the situation to repeat or make it worse.
John was miserable. Sherlock knew he was miserable, but had no idea how to do anything about it when he felt so horrible himself.
With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censured... the first thought forbidden... the first freedom denied – chains us all irrevocably. Judge Aaron Satie.
"I did not enjoy hot flashes either," said Hudson, "I was very happy to finish perimenopause. Oh, and, of course the phase. Throwing myself at every male in the vicinity was somewhat humiliating."
Until Hudson, who was dithering over which chair to sit in, as if John hadn't made love to his husband on all of them, said, "A very military sentiment, do to try to imagine our Captain not telling Doctor Watson every detail the moment the meeting is over. Probably while coupling with a privacy shield engaged that does nothing for psychic energy." Which shut Donovan up. Not that there was much to discuss at meetings.
Mollyhoo and Sarabeth at least seemed to understand. Mollyhoo coming slowly given her condition with a smaller version of the boom stick that he'd shown her how to build. "Toby!"
"That's right, and then if you still want to face me when your adults, I'll accept your challenge, but you're going to have to train every day to be ready, and I won't make it easy for you. It'll be a lot of work."
Statistics. Think about statistics. Given only one crèche, Mummy's creche, among Augments created by the British Nation state had been designed with that gene variant, two omegas and one alpha, Augments originating on Earth would have a low statistical probability of presenting the gene. There was of course the issue of the Breen, but they were irrelevant to John, John, John. Even several steps away, the alluring scent lingered. Ravishing the senses.
The lift doors opened as they approached, but Sherlock held back. "Adams controls everything in the facility. Why is he letting us escape?"
Protector yelled, "Surrender now and we'll treat you well." There was a rather more accurately aimed phaser blast at a control station across the room.
As if she cared about that. She raised waved in the direction of the droid that was no doubt monitoring her progress. Somewhere Mycroft was cursing at his inability to control the path of every molecule in the universe.
John went through an endless series of cycling through thinking he'd made the worst mistake of his life and that he'd made the righteous – if hard to call it right – choice all the way to his command, and a bit more once he'd gotten there.
"No, I suppose I don't." Martha fussed with the tea pot on the table. "I must say, it so fortunate that you're here to shed a light on thing."
Stamford's first words to him were, "John, sir, captain, you've hardly aged a day." He looked down. "While I got a bit plumpie around the tummy." He pulled a rueful face. "What's your secret?"
"I will consider it." Mummy looked back. Briefly touched her shoulder. "But now is not the best time." He stood up and walked up to their suite with the balcony overlooking the western mountains.
Mummy had told him they couldn't take more than they could carry. What could be explained by a field trip, but they couldn't say anything. If Mrs. Hudson and Captain Holmes couldn't take care of things, they might need to stay on Janus when everyone else left.
Donovan looked alarmed, which made sense. The last time Trelane had shown up, they had all been made to act out some sort of legend from Earth's history about a noble thief who stole from an oppressive invader regime to return the fruits of their own labor to an enslaved native population. For some reason this involved Donovan being dressed in scarlet and insisting that she was not a merry woman.
"Not if all you do is read me a story," said John feeling stubborn. "Please, Daddy. I love hearing your voice." John reached over to the bedside tablet and called up the story. "Please, Daddy!" The extra whine in his voice wasn't faked. He couldn't help it.
Killander's scoff was all she needed to know. If he didn't think it was the creature, then he had reason to know it was someone or thing else. Really, she had missed this sort of interrogation. "The creature certainly sounds interesting. Especially if it turns out to be intelligent. The prime directive would have to apply." She sipped her tea.
"Really, it is too bad we have to engage in such a tedious business. This has been a very enlightening conversation. Very well, I will demonstrate to my brother that what is his is mine and perhaps I'll agree to help you." Which meant John was about to be fucked and murdered.
Killander sneered, "Your day is over. Some of us haven't been so put out to pasture that they don't notice treason occurring under their very noses."
"Yeah, but missing some components. Obvious fakes, which surprised the dick walking around in your body let me tell you."
John hadn't developed morning sickness. He had morning, afternoon, and night sickness. On one hand, it certainly distracted the guards. But not in a way that was helpful.
John could not resist. He pulled Sherlock's fingers out of his mouth. "He wouldn't have been naughty if his Sugar Daddy hadn't ignored him."
But ensigns – had he ever been that raw – at least not ensign raw, and been a lieutenant senior grade dammit when he'd been cashiered out.
"When you tried to kill Lieutenant Bihr Sh'Alaack, who in her own words was the last one to see Kodos alive. Was your father angry given his final act as Kodos was to cry and hug her in remorse, before he killed that life? You knew him better than I did. What do you think?"
"Do you think we'll ever be old enough? Know enough to get their respect." He considered the wall. "They wouldn't even let me attempt to save Thil and Shor from the Salt Creature."
John looked at Sherlock and tried not to think about how much he loved the git standing next to him.
They had expected to never to be woken again after Spock had subdued them, taken their very blood for a cure for death, and then had dictated terms. Their family yet lived. They could accept a new exile not into the undiscovered country, but cryogenic sleep.
John gritted his teeth as his parasites let him feel the love. "Gee, thanks, Daddy. But I wanted a pony."
The alpha was small, but well fed. She'd retained a silver ring on her left hand. Her muscles were sleek and firm. He did not trust her wide eyes full of tears. From the way the dirt was rubbed into her knees and hands, she'd gone into the pit deliberately.
Khel looked at him suspiciously. "Why are you here, Human? Turn yourself in so you can be bred by our masters and leave us in peace."
Tregennis had the shortest set of interviews. As it happened, he'd met Killander's mother during his previous career working on starliners.
The Ice Queen screamed. Dragons and trolls and shadows flickered at the edge of his consciousness. Redbeard let go and attacked the Ice Queen. He heard them struggle. He heard a dull thud and something snap. Looked up and saw that the Ice Queen had been thrown against a wall. She was holding her arm and crying silently.
Taking apart the toys was delicate work. But the bigger problem was keeping the Ferengi by the door occupied. Nom, the Ferengi, who'd captured John, was suspicious they'd get up to something, and the rest of the Ferengi seemed to see door duty as a good breaktime.
RVN is not a real thing (RNA and DNA are real things), but according to Trek it is. Keeping in mind, we hadn't mapped the genome in the 1990s, but less the 60s when the idea of Augments was created.
John was happy to have the conversation shift. He'd always loved talking about his parents. His family traditions. The plays he'd seen them put on.
Redbeard called down. "To the last, I will grapple with the Ice Queen; from hell's heart I'll stab her and that mutineer with her. For hate's sake, I'll spit my last breath at them." He tried to remember where those words had come from.
"Would you share a drink with me?" It was as John's eyes were glowing. Shining a light into Sherlock.
"The right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing," said Hudson tiredly. "If you had ever bothered to contact me, I would have read you in on my observations of the people on the Bakerstreet, and the potential benefits of leaving things as they are." Hudson pushed herself up. She did not look well. "Instead you blunder about like a Gorn in a dilithium crystal shop."
Sherlock turned away to glare up at Mount Vesuvius, puffing away over the sea side town of Pompeii. "The gods' favor can be fickle."
"We hit crap. Our production has been crap for the last ten years. Breen sniffing around looking to take our world off our corpse. All we've found are these stupid paper weights. Way my contact figures it, we can show the Federation the Breen are putting the move on. Get Starfleet to put a base on planet. We'll get all the creds from supplying a base. Sell 'em paper weights and shined up rocks. Keep the Breen away from our world."
"Sebastian, you don't have the courage to kill me," said Sherlock. "Just as you didn't have the intelligence to graduate from the academy. I remember you now. Begging for my help with basic courses. Pathetic."
It wasn't that he was taller, or calmer, or his mind worked in different ways, or even that he no longer had the appearance of pregnancy, it was that he felt like himself again. That he'd left teenage John behind a long time ago.
Alignment flunky said, "First Mother, your research indicates that you are close to understanding the root of our problems. It's possible that… are you certain that you do not want to put on the clothing that we brought you?"
Sherlock could not forget the sensation of thinking that he was owned by John. Then hope at the idea of being married to John.
Sherlock opened his mouth to finally admit that John had a considerably closer example of the original Augment genetics to hand when another thought completely derailed his confession. Sherlock wasn't normally this stupid. He'd been immensely stupid. Which led to him asking a supremely stupid question. "John, were you on any sort of birth control just now?"
He reminded himself that the first Mycroft hadn't been so perfect that Mummy hadn't decided to add a strand of Vulcan DNA to the mix. He steeled his spine and looked at Mummy. "My mind to his mind. I can heal what Euros' broken."
Sometimes John rolled over and sank down onto the cock that his husband had been rubbing against his arse at one fucking o'clock in the morning. That wonderful thick long cock.
Mummy had left and Sherlock had been so lonely and a week had passed and John had smelled so good and Sherlock had missed John so much and John had been so wonderfully demanding when they thought they were out of danger and they'd had no reason to think that insatiably copulating for days on end would result in another pregnancy. Sherlock wasn't stupid. He knew it wasn't possible to breed outside of heat.
"To bad I don't have a name badge," said the omega lightly. "I guess I'll have to keep going by G. Shorter than flower smelling monster."
"You mean the symptoms of adolescence," said Lucy wiping sweat from her forehead at a sudden flash of heat. "I didn't miss the hot flashes."
"No, I mean in all the realities and all the realms of existence, you're meant to be, and when you don't get together it's a tragedy and I cry and I make it rain diamond tears from clouds of black butterflies that spell your names in the sky! Surrounded by a heart!" This last came out in a wail.
"Mum and Dad are pretty liberal about sex, all sex positive and all that. None of the strange attitudes that you find on Earth, but I was getting out control. My grades were taking a nose dive. There was no way I was getting into the academy or becoming a doctor if we didn't do something." He sighed thinking back on the whole mess. How angry Harry had gotten with him. How much she'd blamed him.
The figure threw back his hood. Sherlock glared at him. "Why would you even remotely think I care more about reproduction than I care about you? Or that I don't care. That I am not in love with you. That… I'd willingly run away and leave this sector behind if I could do it with you. Explore the gamma quadrant. With you. Only with you. You cured me of being in love with Irene because I was already in love with you. You idiot!"
He shifted all his limbs. Sliding. Touching. Humming to John from the coms while brushing and sucking and whispering warm air over feet and legs and thighs and arms and chest and all of him. Sherlock lubed pseudopods 347 and 348 with grease and gently slid them in and out of John's anal and vaginal tracts. Turning them slowly to touch John's prostate and graffenberg spot simultaneously while continuing to adjust the suction with pseudopod 400.
Which was when Sherlock knew what that wink and the phrase "do the dastardly" meant and damn this body for its inadequate brain. "Culverton is Moriarty."
In that moment, Sestre very much wanted to tell his father that he did not want to be logical, or that his father's logic was flawed.
Sh'Alaack staggered from out of the light and sound booth, holding a phaser. Her expression was wild. She shouldn't even have been out of bed, much less at the play. "Kodos, you don't deserve the honor of Ushaan. Of being allowed to fight my challenge to your honor. You should be killed like a rock slug. With fire and heat." She lifted her phaser.
Hudson sighed. "You are not saving anything by your current actions. Instead you are destabilizing a possible… opportunity."
Stonn continued with a slightly raised voice, "Within a few years, you would have left to attend a place of higher learning."
They were four days out of DS9 when they received word that the station had been taken over by Cardassians.
John had gone from running a sickbay to managing a medical staff of fifty, every one of them raw Crew third class, who'd gone through a bare six week training, with an additional eight personnel in engineering and the bridge crew. He hyperventilated on the inside. He put that damn box in his cabin.
If they had to leave, Connor wouldn't be able to say goodbye to Shrilaas and Keraas, but they were little.
About thirty minutes later, Sherlock tapped on the door. Didn't wait for an answer. "If I can cure you…"
Sherlock in a room with time to get into everything was a Sherlock who would examine everything in that room. Get into every crevice of John's life.
The tricorder readings John beamed back were inconclusive. The remains had been incinerated with acid not a beam weapon, but there were no traces of acid leading from the location where the dead man had been found and where the part in the power plant had been stolen. Also, the type of acid did not match the acid remains in the suddenly appearing tunnel into the plant.
It was her own fault for preferring field operations and not playing the promotion game. She'd told herself that as younger and younger operatives doubted her capabilities. Even when silly older woman was officially listed in her set of methods to establish a rapport with an informant. Mothers, grannies, and favorite aunts being not uncommon in the universe across many species.
"Children, do not climb the furnishings," said Mycroft tiredly. "There is a gymnasium full of equipment for you to climb. This room is for adults talking about adult matters."
He slid between the sheets and laid his head down on his pillow. Breathed in his own scent. Was still breathing when the omega leaned forward. Softly explored his lips.
Billy, breathing carefully through his mouth to remind himself that he could breathe, looked at it dully.
Sherlock felt something not unlike a black slick of externalized bile rise up in him. At this repetition of so many moments before. "Chin needs medical care. Your other children headed that way." Couldn't resist adding. "If you care!" He pointed in the direction of the ice canyons and left them there.
The Klingon towered over both of them. His lips curled. It was the same Klingon, who had been talking about his love, B'Etor.
Benjamin met them in the transporter room and promised that he'd be following up with the Starfleet Judge Advocate General.
It wouldn't last. She now understood the radiation – a remnant of a long past nuclear war – that had stunted the development of her cerebellum while in gestation, inhibited her ability for cognitive reasoning. She smiled at the last flickering light. All that remained of the consciousness of the most brilliant scientist of her generation, who had created of this facility to provide her people some measure of safety. She said, "I know what we need to do."
"Here goes nothing," muttered Smith, as she piloted the ship back out of the nebula before their shields failed any further.
"Ah," said Lurin. He winked at Sherlock through his facemask. "Then you will work hard in the mines or there will be consequences for your son."
Connor said quietly, "Mummy, we have to go help Ms. Hudson. If Ms. Hebron took the Bakerstreet out of range, someone may be coming to help the Ferengi. We need to help Ms. Hudson take control of the other ship before they get here."
Mycroft was not bitter. It would crease the lovely suit that Elim had made for this occasion he knew nothing about.
"It began life as a closet, but um…" Jacqui flushed, "this may sound a bit daft from a mental health professional, but the director's office always gave me a bit of a chill, and I might add every director before me."
"You won't get a chance." Gremel raised his disrupter. There was a hissing sound. A flash of light. Gremel dropped the disrupter and clutched his hand. A clean burn through and through.
Billy turned around while they were distracted. Pressed the communicator and whispered to it, "Chin, Bakerstreet has been taken. Connor and I are…"
"They are not paper weights," said Stonn. "They are eggs." He stood up slowly. Wrapped his hands around Sestre's shoulders. The kid looked like he'd been through the wringer.
Just for that, John, who'd already lubed his cock, gripped Sherlock's rounded arse and pushed inside. He was rewarded with a gasp that wasn't play acting. "Sir! It feels amazing!"
John insisted they had to try them on. Sherlock looked amazing in a black pinstripe suit that made his coloring even more striking. Made him look even taller. His shoulders wider. Beautiful. John's heart squeezed. He had to focus on fastening the buttons of his suit. When he finished, the suit did make him feel a fitting partner for Sherlock in a light blue plaid.
Sherlock stopped. Glared. Unable to repress a complaint. "If we rub the bow on human skin it will ruin the bow hair with oil." Stopped.
Billy was in the twenty-fourth century. His son was in the twenty-fourth century. They'd been living in what was supposed to be their safe place.
Billy nodded wearily and stepped out of the camera's angle of vision. He moved fast. Faster than John would have thought he could through the open door. They waited for a few moments, but the night-shift didn't notice anything amiss with the mass of blankets.
When he slipped out of his omega, he arranged his mate to lie on Sherlock's chest. For his comfort and Sherlock's. The idea of his mate going more than a few feet from him was painful. Frightening. He didn't worry his mate would seek another, they had been mated for many years, but the thought of being apart made him ache in his bones.
"Stop playing around and get to the point." John really did not need to hear a summation of the last five years through Killander's skewed and skewering point of view.
There was viscous slick between his labial folds, which was distracting. He could not be distracted. Crewpersons had been kidnapped. There was a mystery to investigate.
He tried to get her alone again before they made it to the site of the treaty negotiations, but she avoided him.
Supersmart looked at the device. He had no idea, how to turn it off. No information. No helpful buttons with wear patterns. He yanked it off the wall, hoping that was the correct decision. A leap of faith.
In a corporeal form, Sherlock would have been overwhelmed by the biological impulse that smile engendered in him. Embodied in a different way, he could ventilate areas of the facility that had grown dusty with disuse and marvel at this constant star, who loved him.
He felt confident and assured in his mission in life. That he could bring healing to these poor souls. Perhaps some sense of closure.
Course, toys were designed not to be dangerous, so they didn't make great progress either. Also, given many of them were made of yarn or cloth, there were quite a few that were useful only as toys. John took a break from throwing loud tantrums to taking a few turns telling adventure stories to the kids by the door.
John freed himself. Moved closer. Wrapped the cloth around both their cocks. John's hands. Breath. Lips. Air. Velvet coverlet at his back. Silk at his front.
Chin said softly, "I…" she looked at Billy. "Should talk to Sherlock first. A conversation that is long overdue."
Sherlock had Tregennis beam him down to a small relay station some forty kilometers from the colony and associated asylum. He should easily be able to carry out his research before John was ready to return to the ship on the shuttle, and if there were any issues, John had a phaser and was well equipped to take care of himself.
He was drowning in the rippling lights from above. John remembered the feeling of the phaser in his hand as he killed Sholto. Tried to kill Sh'Alaack. As he killed their father. Illumined in light forever. A forever bleeding wound. He shook his head. That hadn't happened. It had, but it hadn't been him. That didn't stop him from remembering it that way.
They worked diligently. As the lights of the facility dimmed, colors one by one shifted through the transmascope from the Controller sphere to reattach with its corresponding function in Sherlock's body. When he hit the two hour mark, John had Washington put on the teaching device. It almost hurt to feel the knowledge of what to do fade away. To have to trust a kid whose knowledge of medicine was restricted to the basics of CPR and an auto suture. But that's what life on a ship was. Trust.
Sherlock growled. "Conjecture based on rumor and supposition that melt like fog under observation. Bricks made without straw that crumble under pressure."
Sherlock reached out to examine it and got a slap from Finney. "Hands off, Twig. It's something to keep Adam's out of our heads while you get your look around. Not much range, but it'll do." At Sherlock's surprised look, Finney grumbled, "I was the youngest instructor in Academy history. Once. I was the youngest."
Palmer brought him a cup and sat next to him. "Please sir, be very detailed. For the official record."
Hudson crossed her arms, which only emphasized the non-standard uniform she was wearing. "Telepathy is not a prerequisite to command. Now if you'll excuse me, I have work to do." She got up and sashayed her way into the ready room, which was just wrong.
"Nothing I've told you about how I feel was a lie." Chin took Billy's hands. "I simply, I can't tell you more than this. Not yet."
He didn't need to exercise, but he'd heard it was an activity that could wear a Human body out. He loaded a set of barbells with every weight that would fit on them and lifted.
"I was there to help deal with Donovan if she went off script," said Watson. "Also, Sh'Alaack said you could use some medical assistance. You know what with the plan. Speaking of which, could you repeat the plan back to Sh'Alaack." He grinned as if they hadn't just been asked to make a bomb using a home replicator unit, but then he hadn't. Bihr had. "That way we know if all the information made it to you."
An understatement of such enormity that Sherlock only shot her a brief look. Sherlock said, "You remain here with Erickson and continue to try to contact the Bakerstreet. Sherlock ran back to the Guardian through waves of time.
Mycroft sighed. "So pedantic brother." He stood up. "If you need a place for your refugees, unlike the last set you unleashed without asking at a family home…"
John was just glad Washington lived up to his last name and knew all the words to something the defendants of Americans got worked up over. Anything to get the locals to leave them alone long enough for John to get his tricorder back and confirm that none of the away team were plague carriers.
"He says something that sweet and beautiful about you, and you ask after your sister." Mum shook her head. "Clearly, we should have focused more on romantic comedies and fewer tragedies when you were a child."
"Mum knows that something happened back at the Academy." It seemed so long ago when he'd been so angry with Sherlock. So much had happened since then. "But, yeah, I haven't… they don't need to know."
John said, "It's fine. It was a possibility. There was Dad. Black marks on my record. The statistics were never good for being reupped as a… fucking Augment. An omega," John threw the pad across the room. There was a loud crack.
He still dreamed about it sometimes. His belly tight and yet somehow twisty. Knowing that they didn't belong wherever they were.
He broadened his search to all surviving colonists. One of the negotiators with the Tamarians, Ambassador Sirok of New Vulcan had lived on the colony. He clicked through the list and found Sh'Alaack staring back at him. She had been a young child at the time. The only member of her immediate family to survive.
While Elise – and by extension John – were wont to ascribe all manner of benefits to theater, and certainly used a greater degree of archaic words than the normal population, not only was that an odd phrasing, but it was extremely out of character that she had visited Harry three times since she'd been transferred there and had yet to make the request.
He was more than a bit surprised to have Sh'Alaack come in holding her flabbjellah. He nodded and went into his office. She followed him. He made tea, because his mother had always told him to make tea if he wasn't sure what to do next.
"It's her brother's fault. His head was full of that kind of thing. But if I were to fix that then it would be all black butterflies and diamond rain and I don't want that."
"I…I've been experimenting with rock hardness, since," Sarabeth made a vague gesture, "you know happened. Seeing which rocks are harder by rubbing two types against each other. Using the hardest ones to smooth down a few walls here. Make some of the shapes." She pointed to the outline of the Atavachron. The design that John had claimed was a starship. Nothing like the rockets that the Fenisals and Breenava had been using to slowly travel about the solar system. Somewhere in a distant future.
Sherlock blurted, "There have been eight other deaths. All people who could have identified Kodos. All deaths occurred when the Watson troop was giving a performance on planet."
The sun was setting, which meant this part of their idyll was ending. John pulled Sherlock to his feet and led him up the stairs to a truly luscious looking bed that appeared to be all silk pillows and sheets.
"Honey, that's in the future, where we can get supplements. Treatments to counter the results. I keep telling you that there are reasons for all our traditions. Carrying to term is very difficult."
Sherlock's breath hitched in his chest. That captured bird battering itself inside the cage of his body. The velvet soft at his back. The taste of John. Of wine. Of praise. Making him moan as John lightly pressed against his front. Silk fabric. Lips on his skin. Chest. Bodies grinding. Praise filtering from the crowd.
Therefore, Sherlock simply needed to experience another adrenalin spike. He also needed to do it before the change became permanent.
Lucy did not want to be part of this conversation. She'd just wanted to warn John to be careful. She swallowed. "John, I still think you should stay away from Sherlock. He's is a mature adult."
He couldn't help rubbing his bare arse on the soft fabric below him, feeling the constriction of the waist cinch, moaning, "Please, Master! Something larger." Flushing that he dared express his speculation.
Sherlock was not in the mood. He was in the mood to lie in the furs kissing John. He was in the mood to breathe his mate's breeding scent. He was not in the mood to deal with this alpha.
He sneered. "If it was going to be applied, then the time was more than a hundred years ago when it was actually interfering with mining operations." He smiled superiorly. "But, of course, you don't have access to classified records and don't know that information of the creature's intelligence was suppressed."
He gave their quarters a thorough cleaning so it smelled a bit less like teenage heat. He set to cooking comfort food. Steak and kidney pie. Toasted cheese. The comforting smell of food filled their quarters, when the door opened. John stared at Sherlock. "What have you done?"
Sometimes, Sherlock thought that that had been the last time they'd been happy. Really happy. Just the two of them. So much future ahead of them. With Sherlock treasuring the thought that maybe Mummy would let him see their Secundus when they were ready to leave John's safe harbor.
As long as they were kept together, there was hope. There might still be an opportunity to escape. Although, with three guards pointing nerve disrupters, the fairly effective restraints given the way Killander had thrashed around, and his head feeling like a tribble lived in it, he didn't see it.
"Someone who is mistaken." John moved between Sh'Alaack and his father. "You don't know who you're talking about." He tried to think of the words that would convince her. "My father's a good man." Memories of a thousand kindnesses shown to strangers. Soft words and patient guidance on how to be a decent Human being. There was simply no way for John to align a person guilty of what this Kodos had done with his father.
Which was fine. His ankles weren't swelling while carrying a load of summer cut grass on his back like… John didn't remember what it was like, but for some reason that thing involved someone old carrying grass on their bark and someone handsome offering to carry the load. Sherlock had his own load.
Twisting and turning. Rubbing his prostate constantly. He came with a muffled cry. Slumping limp and boneless. Feeling as if he were floating above his body. As if tension had been a gravity generator holding him down. Found the will to whisper, "More."
The other Khans were more festive in their colorful attire. But then, they had no reason to know the Conchordia Ancestrum wasn't simply a variation on the annual Meiosis of Alignments. A ceremony to be endured. A distraction from their end goal of empire.
"Like origami," said John. "Fold it all the time. But maybe things won't always be so bad with your siblings. I happen to know that Sherlock is very sweet once you get to know him."
She had not told the children yet how their grandparents had died. That could wait until they were older.
The alpha barely seemed to notice Watson's blow. "Ho, ho. A real feral one." He gripped the collar and twisted. Held Watson dangling by the collar. Stronger than Human normal, then. "I enjoy the breaking the feral ones in."
He decided to skip news of his commission. The proposal. "Mum, how did you know Dad was the one and only for you? That you were a perfect fit?"
The likelihood of getting out of the neutral zone was greatly increased if they knew what they were doing.
He went over to them tentatively.  Familiar faces and all that. Suddenly glad that Sh'Alaack wasn't there to see yet another version of her family looking so thin and tired.
He brought up all available information about the massacre. The timing of the fungal plague that destroyed all the crops. The riots as the colony fragmented. The reports on how colonists were chosen were contradictory. Some said it had been by lottery. Others claimed certain groups within the colony had been targeted. What was consistent was that if one member of a family was chosen, the entire family went into what they thought was to going to be cryo-sleep until relief came.
He ran around to the main entrance. He didn't know where the system that Marymor had entered went, but he knew where he needed to go. He shouted, "Alphas!" as he ran through the entrance. Jovas, who had slept through both their departures woke with a start.
Billy laughed again. If a little hysterically that was fine. It was fine. They were going to torture him psychologically. Make him think he was drowning. Since he'd actually been dropped in a vat of water by Green's Doctors, he was happy to see the cloth. He'd laughed the same way when Hudson warned him that anyone could be broken. He knew that. He'd given up several safe houses within a week of being taken by Colonel Green. He'd have said anything to make the stop. To keep them away from Connor. He made up safe houses. He agreed to any allegation. He'd been a terrible liar.
"Were you and Doctor Watson…" It seemed an importunate thing to ask, but there was a curious intimacy standing in a shallow alcove that the captain was making by swinging a pickaxe repeatedly at a stone wall, "considering having children?"
Hudson said, "Up pops a twenty-third Alignment out of nowhere forty years ago and suddenly they are cutting deals with the Federation."
The Bakerstreet was surveying the Draconis nebula, and really other than looking for anomalies and updating star maps, there wasn't much going on, which was lovely really. Just lovely.
Mollyhoo said, "But John, your name is John right, I'm so terrible with foreign names, he's an omega. If we drive him out, you know what'll happen." Somewhat disconcertingly, Mollyhoo knelt by the creature and slit its belly. She sorted its internal organs into various pots. "Anyway, they helped me. Sherlock, the alpha, saved my life. They should stay. I keep saying that maybe if we'd domesticated some of the alphas when we all first came through and they still had their wits and reverted to raving cave alphas, because of course the Alphas aren't prepared, then maybe they wouldn't be so violent now."
"Yes, father," said Sestre, which was very subdued of him, but he was examining the door they'd cut in the wall together the day he arrived.
She held up a device that glowed pink and green. John froze in place. Everyone froze. Some kind of localized stasis field.
"I'm…" and for a moment couldn't remember her assigned name, before recalling it and giving it to her new acquaintance.
"Unless Sherlock fucked us better," said Sarabeth, and got a punch in the arm from Mollyhoo. "I see being pregnant makes you aggressive." She lowered her voice. "I like it. Honey, I know you're a fundamentalist and you always followed the direction of your matriarch, but you are your own matriarch now. We can do this. We’ve been doing this. And I want… yeah. Let's do this. And if... if this isn’t something you want, we'll figure that out."
Prince Whatever crouched down, leaning forward, with a menacing smile. "Is that any way to speak to your captain?"
"I want… I want to know more. I want to know what you know about Augment biology." Also words that escaped. She'd intended them, but not that bald a statement.
Thil and Shor, awake and freed from their strollers, raced for their room. Shroleb followed at a more reasonable pace with the younger twins.
They put themselves in some order and searched the room. There was a box with an array of well-made clothing at various levels of exposure, but there were no furnishings that stored clothing in this or the next room.
After all those scientists weren't the ones who'd have to gestate the High Order Magnitude pregnancies. Who had been taking a, "What if we do this?" approach to Human DNA. Not that he was averse to gene therapies. He was a doctor, but the level of hubris those scientists had displayed was mind boggling. Course, as he'd heard it, Khan Brittanus' first act on rising to power had been a series of reprisals against anyone even vaguely involved in his own creation.
Holding Sherlock through a pale eyed glare at the wall. Through the silence of the first loss of possibility. Sherlock had taken a tricorder reading of himself during the day. Of thirteen cellular possibilities, three had managed to attach. A triple chance and there it was. He whispered, "We should have upped the dose. I could have taken…" silence, "or an injection of…" silence.
"Fascinating," said Stonn, who offered nothing else until they reached the cave system. At times, Bihr felt like she was recreating the act of being born, crawling through narrow tunnels. At other times, they were climbing up and down thin rope ladders with inky drops expanding beyond them into the dark.
They were all duly subjected to a high-pitched whine before a panel popped off the back of what the tablet identified as the navigational system. Bihr handed the tablet to Supersmart, who held it while Bihr made some adjustments. "Ginger Sparkles, try it now."
Sh'Alaack on the other hand was at least competent enough to see the implications. "But not if we explode a minute amount in the tunnel shaft that the Captain has been digging. We know that we're close to the surface and its well away from the main seam of vendarite and the entrance.
The stone knife clattered to the cave floor. She looked at him unfocused and dazed, blood in the air. Even that much scent marking was too much. Too dangerous.
Standing on the other side the communications equipment, Hunter pumped a fist. "I reached the Bakerstreet, Hudson and the others have already retaken it. Hudson has gone over to the smaller Klingon ship with a bottle of Lethe oil." She listened to the com. "What was that again? Oh." She blew out a breath. "Long range sensors have spotted incoming ships. Lucy's not able to ID them. And um, Captain. Doctor Watson has gone over to the larger ship armed with a bottle of Ceti Sexus Pollinis."
"Don't forget the bribes we'll have to pay when it comes time to sell the vendarite," said Nom, because Nom could find a reason why inheriting a latinum mine was dangerous to his health.
Not-Owen said, "I don't have the facilities to get him ready here. He needs to be ready. Perfect. Not a drooling doll. The Prince is on his way. He's very eager to reclaim his pet."
"Amazing." He ought to be concerned that he didn't know who he was or what was going on, but he couldn't help laughing.
Sherlock grinned. As long as John was with Sherlock, it would be fine. And really, the future could be a grand adventure until they figured out how to get back to the present.
"Can you? Can you fix this? Can you bring the dead back to life? Can you transform Euros so that she is not lying frozen in a cryo chamber as I once was? Can you fix…" They stopped abruptly. "The mistake is mine. I relied too much too soon. I should never have told you what lies in William's future."
"Fucking Killander, crawled out from your Section 31 rock." John moved to stand between them and where Billy and Connor were sitting. "I told you before, I've got nothing to tell you. I healed because of an anomaly. Khan is fucking dead as dust."
She knew at least half of it was nerves as Thil and Shor were going to be meeting their potential future bondmates in a few days at the Ceremony of Knowing. An important occasion in any young Andorian's life. All the more so because their children had lived all their lives on the Bakerstreet far from Andor and Andorian traditions.
"That's not why I'm sad," said Connor. Eva's hand was warm in his. Her scent was comforting. He'd seen her grow from just a baby, who could only shout, "No," into his friend. He was going to miss her. His belly felt extra rumbly.
He bit his lip, waiting to see what his John would do. Feeling damp between his thighs. Plumper. Fuller. Simultaneously tight in his own skin.
"Please, stop thinking so loudly," said Sherlock, who grinned at John happily. "This is perfect. Wonderful." He spun John around and kissed him in a shady fern dell.
In that darkened space with someone that he considered a friend, John admitted, "My father died a few weeks ago. Was killed. Was guilty of some… pretty bad things."
"Oh, that does explain things a bit," said Hudson. At his questioning look, she said, "Captain Killander's attention may have been drawn in particular by the specific interest of the Breen in Janus VI."
Billy said very softly, "Connor's right." He held up his arm and rubbed the numb spot. It was just above his tattoo of a flower smelling monster. "You kidnap your own people?"
What did occur was a communique from Starfleet. All Augment personnel were to report to the nearest Starbase for questioning, while the Bakerstreet was to continue tediously charting the Teveda Nebula.
Which given the way Sherlock was glaring at some of the egg shell fragments that he'd been given from the Horta earned Sherlock another snog. This time in front of the bridge crew, who were actually somewhat used to that sort thing.
Mind, even on the days when John spent the night making love with his husband, and they shared a shower, which generally resulted in tenderly stroking each other off while water fell around their slick sliding bodies. Playing at washing each other's hair. Sliding fingers over scalps. Playing at rubbing soap lower and lower. Every centimeter of his husband's skin simply had to be thoroughly cleaned. Generally followed by his husband very thoroughly returning the favor. John wasn't much for nipple play in general, but in the shower. In the shower, everything was different. He could lean under the water while his husband's dark head flicked and licked. Unless, that head and clever mind went lower. Unless his husband explored him with his tongue.
Where John had smiled and squeezed his hand, Karidian looked up and gave him a melancholy smile. "I saw the void, and you saw stars. Good. John deserves stars."
Sherlock played his role. Flicking his eyes over the primitive communication device that accessed what this fantasy world posited might have created based off of ARPANET. Paying no attention to the party.
Supersmart was not unsympathetic to Bihr's discovery. He rather wished he'd thought to leave some form of object verbalizing the exact nature of his relationship with Amazing Sparkles, and yet the colder thought was what could have happened had they been separate when their memories were lost. Unable to visualize Amazing Sparkles' smiling face, he'd have had no way to know that they even existed.
John was forced to admit that there just weren't enough crystals to do more than give the Ferengi an ear ache, and Hudson had a good use for them. But looking at the chalk and paint, John had idea.
He needed air. He slipped out the back door and just breathed. Possibly a mistake given the garbage.
Sherlock didn't understand why everyone and everything was wrong. Not that he had an idea what had happened.
Somehow the feradon's tusks slashing into Bloody Hands belly before the creature snapped her up into the air. She flew.
He watched Sherlock's eyes scan over the details of his invention. That little line crease in his forehead. "This is a design for a device that can remove blastocysts and placenta from in-vivo and store them in holo cubes. Where did you get this?"
Anyway, there was an obvious answer. "The past is made of diarrhea." Mollyhoo sighed. "I thought we had all the meat properly spaced when we were making sausage, but maybe there wasn't enough salt. It could have been the dried fruit. I was a little suspicious of the mold on the copaberries, and there were a lot birds and…"
"Just don’t get in my way," said Killander, "And you," he pointed at Sherlock, "Don't leave the ship."
Finally, Donovan shouted, "We've taken the base, sir. You can stop." He stopped in mid swing. He noted there were several colors of blood on his axe mixed with vendarite dust.
"Yes." Mollyhoo did not understand why they were discussing basic biology with her. She was the expert on biology. She'd taken classes. Examined cadavers. Knew the difference between a spleen and a liver, and what they both did.
As soon as he came through the door, Benjamin shook his hand of all things. "I don't know the details, but I want to thank you for what you did stopping the Borg."
"Sherlock. Of course, I'm coming back. And you're not allowed to go anywhere stupid without me, yeah. No dying. That's right out."
Sherlock jumped up. "More importantly it can be a biproduct of trans dimensional disruptions. Slow to warp one as we navigate the fissure." He wriggled his bare feet on the floor. "Morris code. Triolic energy."
The child took the tricorder in their hands. With a few deft turns of the controls, they were scanning the grass under their feet. The rows of gardens beyond. Bihr. "You're different," said the child.
"I do," said Snow Sparkles. "I had it with me when I woke up. It was synched up with a delightfully smutty romance novel I was reading. Unfortunately, it hasn't told us much of anything other than my taste in literature and the number of people on board, but I didn't need a device to tell me that they are all shouting very loudly in their heads."
Bihr had no idea how Donovan could speak with such disrespect about the Captain, or why the Captain allowed it.
John got up. Stretched. Felt a bit terrible saying, "I've got an early morning, so I'm for bed. I'll see you tomorrow."
A command that turned into a shout as his alpha answered by pulling back out, his cock head the only part of him inside John, only to push wetly back in. His mate's hands on his hips keeping John steady as the forward curve of his knot breached inside John.
The projected blue sky went black. Emergency lighting came on around the ring of the dome. Faint and dim. John wondered if the facility managers had kept the breather masks charged in between getting brain washed by… the incorporeal intelligence of a hundred year old psychiatrist. Sh'Alaack switched on a device that cast a pale yellow circle of illumination around them.
"To be powerful and commanding," said Prince Sparkles. "To seize control of every aspect of the ship. To win at all costs. To do anything not to be bored."
His younger self slid around a corner into a gymnasium full of equipment. It was evident that he'd used the equipment frequently. His younger self trained and he trained often.
By looking at the results of the GWAS, John knows he'll be able to analyze particular drugs that will say, turn off juvenile heat in Connor or allow his body to regulate when he goes into heat. This is the future, so the results of this and other research John will not be focusing on will be given away for free.
John's face lit up. "That's wonderful, Sherlock." A fleeting kiss. A comforting squeeze of his hand.
"The Bakerstreet," said Shroleb, moving into the voice of a storyteller, "Is the people who have lived in her and we'll all be fine."
It would have been better if he'd lost consciousness then. But a sensation not unlike being turned inside out and having his skin peeled off washed over him.
She pointed at the icy cave in front of them. "This is my palace." He could see it. The blue spiraling ice staircase and the magnificent ice tapestries. Yellowbeard wished he had a palace as grand as his sister's, but no. Visiting her palace was better. Still, her palace was very cold.
"Not all of us get to have that option," said Chin wryly. Neither of them suggested Mycroft. The son of one Khan, he would never be accepted by the other two. She said, "I'm not the bravest or the favorite, but I will do what needs to be done. You should come back with me. Bring John. It's not safe where you are."
He dreamed about going into heat. Not that he would. He hadn't had his first heat until his late teens. Years away, but the thought of Sherlock losing control made him wet and hard at the same time. Wetter. Harder.
He had a spray bottle and no phaser, because the armory was child-locked, which generally he thought was a good thing, but maybe he needed to keep a phaser hidden under his bed. Another in sickbay. Something to think about if he got out of this.
They looked at the bare wall. John tried to remember what this room was for. "Daddy," he said dryly, "Baby needs a big fat prick full of medicine."
"There's something else you should know. Mummy and your fathers' are not aware of what I am about to show you, but," he looked at the valley, "this is the one place with no surveillance."
That she'd spotted his phaser, which until she'd grabbed it, he'd forgotten that she'd been fond of mocking him for storing lip gloss and a civilian communicator in a similar pocket during their pre-teen years.
Sally repeated, "I am looking. Prince Willy lost his pet over a year ago and lost his shite. You want to get him laid, so he lays off killing people and goes back to inventing ways to kill people."
"Oh, it's perfectly safe," said Culverton airily. "Well, relatively speaking. It's worth any danger when you see what I've found."
"You've got to know that as soon as you started talking, no one could take their eyes away from you." John slid the lab coat off his shoulders. "I couldn't take my eyes off you, and I'm hard to impress."
Shroleb spoke up. "I doubt that the security for a colony world is up to more than teens stealing sleds and the occasional drunk." He shrugged. "The security where I grew up certainly wasn't."
John glanced at the guards flanking Killander. There was always an audience for every performance. "There's millions of Augments on Earth. Yeah, Billy's has a fairly high healing factor, but as a Doctor I can tell you it's not that strange for Augments. It's not like we couldn't reverse engineer that sort of thing. Is that what you're looking to do? Modify Section 31 agents to be like Augments?"
There was the thought, "Not exactly without heat." Sherlock's scent was amazing. Delicious. The best meal. The most fantastic feast. He really ought to have thought to give Sherlock a suppressor shot before they'd beamed down, but Sherlock had been in such a rush and he hadn't been sure. He'd only been an alpha for less than an hour.
Provided, she looked through the curving windows at children playing some sort of game with flags, a child didn't look at it too closely.
He studied the method of execution. A matter/anti-matter chamber that killed in micro-seconds. Of the four thousand dead, they wouldn't have known. He examined the details about Kodos supposed remains, which given the method of suicide could just have easily been the remains of a particularly leafy potted plant.
"You go. We'll stay here," said Lucy. The Andorians nodded. "We'll let the ship know what's going on."
He hadn't gotten to hold any of them until after Victorious had taken the throne and told him he could take care of his own brats and explained that it was obvious that sending two large litters into the past with pets and what non- technical supplies that could be transported through the Atavachron was a far better solution than merely sending John and Sherlock. "After all little brother," Victorious had very logically said, "you'd only end up breeding your pet to death without the benefit of modern medicine. Anyway, it's either that or your offspring will end up breeding with the rejects that lunatic Sarpeidon sent back before we eradicated his species. Really, we should have wiped them out as soon as we had the chance. Too bad the Atavachron is a single purpose time machine."
As was part of the magical alchemy of sex with John, his husband's scent had shifted again as they coupled growing sultry on Sherlock's tongue.
"I know, it's just. I worry," said Mum. "When Shelly became so very pregnant, you took it so hard. And you were so upset with us when we sent you away to school. We didn't mean that we didn't trust your ability to choose reasonable sexual partners." She turned her hand in Dad's and raised it for a kiss, followed by a rueful look. "Your alpha is very handsome and I can tell he's just as clever as you've said he is. But if you don't get started now, you might not be able to have the choice over whether to have children or not. It's not easy for us Augments. I had to try many times to have the two of you. You won't necessarily have a monster brood like Shelly did. Although," she grinned, "they're very useful now that they're grown up a bit."
"Was not the best fit for Research, and I'm sorry about your nephew, but that has nothing to do with engineering. He's done a fine job on the Bakerstreet. I have seen that ship fly rings around Dominion ships. Take on more than a dozen ships." Lestrade cast around for further arguments. "The designs have already been field tested for a dozen years. The Bakerstreet has not blown up. Is the only ship of that design still flying. Integrate the changes."
Killander was the same obnoxious dick he'd been before. He'd actually taken over Sherlock's desk in his ready room. "Fact, Captain Holmes' brother is a well-known agent for the Breen. The Breen have been spotted on Janus VI."
These spare hallways with wealth casually illuminating the rooms should not have evoked a sense of familiarity.
John could reassure Sherlock about his parents, because… it wasn't that. John honestly didn't care about that. He waved a knife to let Sherlock know so he could get to what he was trying to say. "We had some part in breeding a race that… I guess wiped out the native species on a planet, bombed that own world into a nuclear oblivion, and have been fighting all comers ever since." John put the knife down, because he was not regenning his eyes. Blinked for a fair bit. "But, Sherlock. We have something good." John grabbed his Sherlock's hands. Willed Sherlock to believe him. "I love you." A true thing. Fragile and strong and just fucking true.
In the wide round chamber, an energy field flickered to life in the metal arch at the center of the room. Gold and yellow light rippled across its surface onto a vista overlooking a rain darkened landscape. Sherlock could hear water falling on stones.
The alpha went a funny sort of color. Bit greenish and grey. He held out his hands pleadingly. "Please, you have to intercede for me. My crèche can pay. The minerals from an asteroid or a pleasure palace on the home world."
"Do you think everyone is fine?" asked Sh'Alaack. She'd had one of her techs scooped up in whatever it was the entities had done.
Killander raised his voice further. "Given all that, it is likely that you felt an affinity for him. An affinity that led you to free Khan."
For a very brief moment, there was a moment of clarity and it was too much. Something was wrong. The thought swallowed by mental fog and need.
It was that horrible trolley problem he'd had to study in Medical Ethics class back at the academy. It was worse than the Kobayashi Maru test in a way. The professor has started them in the classic scenario. A trolley was bearing down on a family standing on the tracks. The conductor could change to a different track, but there was a single person standing on the other track. Either way, someone was going to die.
John continued blithely. "No idea really what we would have done without access to modern meds. It's amazing what you lot have accomplished."
Eva glared at the screen. "It's not right. Federation citizens are guaranteed freedom of speech. The government isn't allowed to abro...abro… mess around with what we can say."
"I can't believe how good I feel," Sarabeth. She was wiggling her hand. "I broke my arm when I was a kid and it's ached when it rains ever since. Now I feel great."
"Oh, I think I met her. Colonel Green had her arm um… removed," Connor looked at his own whole hands. "He did that sometimes to see if we'd um… grow them back. Not that we do," he added quickly.
She puttered around until Killander was done with his current cup of tea. She'd had the tea set for years. He might break one of the cups and she was ever so fond of the set.
Tertius, the first Tertius, the one they lost at eleven weeks and ten days was Sherlock's fault. He shouldn't have wanted to see John when he gave birth to Secundus. Shouldn't have handcuffed himself inside a hidden wall he'd hacked into the palace code so he could be there. Shouldn't have broken the cuffs to creep out to hold John when he was crying after the holo doctors left him to rest with a set of postpartum dildos.
Thus began Washington and John's life of manual labor. They had lost contact with the Bakerstreet, but he knew Hudson would be working on ways to get into the facility other than being captured.
"Nothing. I just… for a moment this location appeared to be familiar." He looked around him. No sense of strange memories here, and really it was nothing he wanted to discuss just then.
Neither seemed very interested in Owen and John, as they passed them. John was just glad that Humans weren't affected by vendarite given those were the rocks that the woman found.
Sherlock immediately flushed. He knew precisely the set of toys John was thinking of. Precisely the scenario, which would be fine. More than fine. It was true, Sherlock wouldn't have to touch John.
Chin said tiredly, "Any non-Augments are immediately moved off-site. We can't endanger this location."
Still John's weary sigh was clearly Sherlock's clue to sit next to him. Tell him, "I couldn't help but overhear your conversation. I have a proposition for you."
"Yeah, I know. It's… forget it. I mean, I'm not wrong. It's been a few years since we looked at it, but based on my research," and experience, "it was a pretty effective way to deliver magic healing um…" he looked at the open door, "stuff."
He could only nod helplessly. Needing to know if what his clothes and collar indicated was true. "That would be a logical plan."
Sherlock held in his hand the last cube. The creation of which was what had triggered his flight through the time portal. He put it down and picked up the very first cube.
It was why they'd relented and removed Sherlock from cryo sleep after what he'd done. They'd most likely done the math. Sherlock was still a dangerous and unstable murderer, but they'd defrosted Sherlock. When he was old enough to breed, they'd brought a dozen omegas with DNA that matched the information handed down by the first Breenava Empire at the time of year when their estrus cycle would have them going into heat, denied those omegas access to suppressors, and then left them with Sherlock, the only alpha in the palace. Not that Augment Inferiors were allowed to have suppressors, but there was always the black market. All of this two decades before the window to the correct time in the past opened.
She had planned to dedicate herself to finding where Euros was being kept and driving the tusk of a long dead feradon through that bitches' icy chest. But if William was alive. If the other third of herself was out there, she wanted to see him.
He knew that at a certain point, John would no longer be regarded by Starfleet officials to be healing, but as healed as he was going to be. At that point, he'd be transferred. Most probably to a Starbase that required a general practitioner. John would treat colds and flues. The occasional venereal disease.
She was young again and carefree. She was very firm with herself about that. And yet. And yet. Betazed's didn't look at intimacy in the same way as humans. For a Betazed, there was the pure physicality of the shift, preceded by years of delicately entangling thoughts. Learning the best fit. Tendrils of imagined desire and sudden the repel of sudden resentments.
Sherlock cock brushed against the loosened muscles. John's eyes flew open as even well and truly stretched, Sherlock's thick cock pushed inside. Stretched him. Burned him. Filling him. Sherlock slowly pushed deeper and deeper. John's toes curling as he felt Sherlock's length all the way up to his spine. Curled his spine in response.
Through it all, Sherlock kept looking at John and thinking, "This will be my husband in a few more moments." John looked resplendent in a perfectly fitted tuxedo that Garak had made based on their last fittings. A wedding gift from Hudson.
Mollyhoo put her arm around him. "I'm sure it'll be better this year." But her look at John wasn't hopeful.
John had time to think, "I have to have him. Forever. Always," before he was being fiercely kissed by a very aroused teenager in a silk robe thing that draped over one shoulder and left nothing to the imagination. Pale skin and green silk and hands. Hands everywhere. His own hands. Sherlock's. Lips. Sweet seductive scent. Intoxicating. Eyes blinded by fluttering closed and opening in brilliant sunshine.
"We should lie down and see if that feels familiar," suggested the omega. "Here, that can't be comfortable." They tugged on his leather trousers.
Look at the old mural he'd uncovered the week before. Human faces. Oh, Doctor Jackson kept claiming that the script used in the machinery was a form of proto-Breen. But he was a linguist. What the fuck did he know?
No had mentioned Odo was on the ship. Which fine, keep things from Killander, but John's back had a crick in it and it wasn't on to keep things from them.
"Together, many of us completed the Bakerstreet's original shakedown cruise. Many of you started your careers on the Bakerstreet, and now we're at the end of our original five year mission." She smiled and looked around the room. "That is a long time for anyone to get to serve together. Some of you, many of you, will be transferring on to new ships. To well-earned promotions. That is the way of a life in Starfleet. Some of us will serve together again. Some of us will not. But the friendships we've formed will continue on years after our ships pass in the long dark night. To all of you. To the Bakerstreet."
"What is going on?" asked John, his hand fluttering for the phaser he wasn't wearing, which had been near constant for their brief visit to the past.
For a moment, just a moment, Redbeard remembered being Victorius. He remembered one of his Fathers reading to them from
Although, John's obsession with a British escapism story about fighting a rising evil that never so much as mentioned the actual rising evil going on all around the author had never made much sense to Sherlock.
Sh'Alaack had the sudden thought that everything was fine. Perfectly fine. Her equipment was fine. She should stop and complete her report right then. She'd already finished her review. It was all fine. She should go back to the shuttle. It was waiting for her. It was waiting to take her back to the ship. Or she could sit down. Listen to the building breath. Sit quietly and rest for a while. She was very tired. Everything was fine.
He knew Sherlock loved to be touched and to touch John. Loved it. But he kept running away when John brought up the solution to the ache they were both feeling.
Eshess looked at her incredulously. "It was the attack he led that is the reason the Khan ordered all of us rounded up." Her expression shifted to suspicion. "This isn't one of his wild plans is it? I swear, he acts like a Human sometimes."
As he floated down to himself, shattered, John said softly, "This is a safe space. Absolutely safe. You should feel safe telling me what you want, because you're amazing and I've got you."
She left the captain burrowing through rock and dreamed, if only for a little while, that she was home on the Bakerstreet. Listening to the sounds of the ship and that all was well.
"Not precisely. But a certain element within Internal Affairs," she was too well conditioned to refer to her former assignment in any way other than obfuscation, "has decided to take an interest in us."
"Sholto didn’t approach me. I'm the one who initiated that relationship. Just like I'm the one who initiated a relationship with you. According to my sister I'm a cock slut who likes arsehole cocks. But what I start I can…"
"Yes, but far less enjoyable," said Garak, bending by Sherlock's left leg and laying the cloth tape along side his hip to his ankle.
Even if the Breen had moved in later, they were a scavenger race. Trying to take things that other races had built. Humans had built.
Beneath it were a few stones, like in the other rooms. Three short spirals. Little more than a stack. The words written here were more meaningful. Mycroft Holmes. Chin Singh. He touched the stones, but whatever significance was assigned to them was not conveyed by touch. There was no stone for Sherlock or Euros. Nor for the brother Sherlock couldn’t remember, Victor.
John reminded himself that this man had been part of a brutal dictatorship. Was most likely responsible for the deaths of millions in the twenty-first century, and had kidnapped them. At the moment, Grendel looked gobsmacked by Connor's swearing.
Martha leaned back in the command couch. The giant hand was gone, but the engines didn't work. They just didn't work.
The alpha stepped onto the platform and circled around Watson, who broke his hold on Bihr's wrist. He looked at Watson as an animal eyes meat. "Long in the tooth, but comely enough. Perhaps it's time I see about getting a new pet. We'll have to see once the pound gets those clothes off you and prepares you." The alpha dragged his fingers down over John's chest, as he reached Watson's reproductive organs, Watson punched him, which… was this a signal for Bihr to fight?
Somewhere across the meadow, someone laughed low and loud. There was the sound of clothing being discarded. It would seem they were at whatever the Greeks called a bacchanal.
"But Father, how am I to advance in my studies if I am not allowed access to equipment in Engineering or the laboratories."
Washington said, "This is no life for a child." He looked at John, who shrugged for Washington to go with it. "Look, I'm a parent. I've seen your kids and how far you're willing to go to raise them. But there's no reason to stay on this world. You've got an ion propulsion ship that's decades away from anything what our government's got. That the Federation's got. We have lots of land on lots of worlds. Trade the ship for resources somewhere on a planet that's not frozen and lousy with radiation. Your parents did their best to get you to this point. The scientist who created this place, she did her best. Now do your best about giving your children a better place to live."
Sherlock pretended not to listen to John's communication with his mother. Elise telling John how difficult it had been to have him and Harry. Asking tentatively if he'd seen some specialists. That was, in the end, how she'd had him and Harry.
Especially in the face of the cavern's laughter. "And I'm Khan Brittanus risen from the grave," said Lestrade, "Where did I put my head?"
For that matter, he'd seen his parents put it on while still a toddler. There was a family story that his and Harry's wailing during the key bit had been part of one of the better performances.
Ambassador Sirok bowed to the Tamarians after the play's finish, and said, "The wryrd sisters to Banquo upon the moor."
That was when it all somehow just sort of fell into place. Not in a moment of panicked reaction, but there in their home. He kissed Sherlock softly and got up. Found a tablet on the counter. Pulled up a fairly specific file from Sickbay and handed it to Sherlock.
So, of course, Mycroft came into the room, his red helmet under his arm. "Mother, great Khans, the other alignments shared what you expected them to share, but as you requested," he glanced at Sherlock, "I ensured that they only shared only part of what there is to know. John is on his way."
The creature turned in his direction. A mistake it did not survive. Sherlock jumped on its back, snapping its neck, just as an immense saber toothed cat leapt at the creature, missing both of them as the creature toppled.
The sound echoed up the valley. Strange. Disjointed as if many people in many places were making a song. Raising their voices.
John didn't ask how hot. The answer was obviously very hot. John was very hot. He rubbed his arse against their bed and arched his back. Pressed another kiss to Sherlock's hand. Then feeling very naughty and hot, slipped Sherlock's index finger between his lips.
"My girlfriend gave that to me. Chin Singh works for the Breen. That's where she got it. Her employers." He squeezed his eyes to squeeze at the water clinging to the edges. "Shouldn't she have taken it from them?"
Sherlock finished his birthday week by playing a melody that Sherlock had composed for John. It's title, "To my fixed point in an ever changing age, who keeps me from flying into the abyss and holds me when gravity would have me shake apart, who refracts and focused the light around me until I can see, who loves me for all that I am."
"Oh, no," said one of the younger kids. "Should we do something? Mummy will be so upset with Daddy."
Every crewman and officer was wearing black insignia. Soo-Lin said, "Still think Section 31 is a myth."
"There you have it," said Captain Sisko. "Examine that. Did Holmes access the facility in the last twenty years?"
Soon he was able to pick out the footprints of the children heading into the canyons. The air was bitterly cold. Even with his level of augmentation, Sherlock felt the bite of it. Behind him, John followed steadily without complaint.
They made their way up to the meadow where what they were looking for were contentedly licking the block of salt they'd brought out in early winter and left in the field. Wooly brown creatures as high as John's shoulder that seemed to merge with the rocks, with a single twisted horn on their heads and yellow irritable eyes. They licked at the salt and moved forward in a rush as John dropped the grass to the ground. Fed more and more as the greedy things, with their bellies and udders low to the ground, clustered to eat. Water too, because if John carried the grass, Sherlock carried the water. There were a few early winter babies. Tiny brown fuzzy things that stayed close to their mothers. More interested in milk than grass that they couldn't yet eat.
Vesha laughed softly as if not to frighten the alpha, which was ridiculous. He fell into the alpha's trap by untying his belt and using it as a leash around the alpha's neck. As if the alpha were a pet.
A child, maybe nine or so years old, ran into the room followed by a much paler and very recognizable child of the same age. The first child yelled, "I'm the first one past the ass. I win!"
John disposed of his organic tea. Walked Billy to the door of sickbay. Gave himself a nutrient shot. A muscle relaxant. Held the device over the slight curve of his stomach, distended in preparation for fullness, although his current occupants were only the size of poppy seeds. His uterus was a particularly full bagel just then. He clicked the control and stopped the war for resources that was about to happen. He didn't even feel it. It would take his body awhile to readjust. It wouldn't need to. He'd be an adult again soon. He put the cube away in the box. One cube was much like another. Was glad that Julian had kept the sickbay safe from looting. He'd added a phaser and a lock for the box.
"Yes, the food. We're here for the food," said Bashir. "That is why I came along. Oh, hey, your cane, you're not using it. And you're umm… certainly cutting that fish with no dexterity problems. No more hand tremor. Were you able to find a therapy that you responded to?"
They went into a connecting chamber. Some form of bathing room. There was a small basin. The omega removed their uniform with no hint of shyness. In fact gave him a saucy wink before rinsing them in a basin.
In the end, she could only convince a few dozen. John walked her through how to apply the cure, while Sherlock stood nearby with his arms crossed and glaring. They left her and the other elder enough cure for a few thousand onlies and crates of food.
John spotted the smaller creature, which was sweating beads of liquid glass from an open wound that spilled onto the ground to cling to the stone. It moved back. Gremel said, "Use the boring laser on the big one first."
Sherlock swallowed, pushed the tablet down harder. "Finally, the naughty Sugar Baby was able to get all of his Sugar Daddy's long thick prick inside him. His Sugar Daddy said, 'I'm so proud of you of Baby for getting this monstrously thick prick into you without crying,' but the Sugar Daddy really wanted to hear his Sugar Baby cry. In any case, because he'd been 'very' naughty."
