“We’ll handle this my way,” John whispered. “Stop it before it ever starts, before it gets out of control.”
Sherlock, still leaning on John’s legs, propped themselves up on their elbow. “The best translation I can think of is  ‘mass transfer’.”
At last, something John could answer. “It’s the living scarecrow I met on my way up here, it helped me when I broke my cane.”
Oh, and
Sherlock smiled. He always enjoyed Watson’s questioning periods, even if they were about hazy dreams. “Many more than the ones I have listed. But there were even more fantastical details that I believe will be of interest to you, though they are unrelated to modern technologies.”
“Oh, it’s all old hat now. I’ve got the records in the office. Besides, Manderley is a sight to see decked out for the ball, and the whole county comes,” Lestrade replied. “And Mr Watson won’t be too taxed. All you need to worry about is receiving the guests and dancing.”
This was easier said than done, however. He couldn’t forget that horrible look in John’s eyes, and he couldn’t forget his words.
“Somehow,” he said, “I think I’ll find something to occupy myself with.”
Wilkes laughed again, shrugging his shoulders. “Well, I suppose no one is entirely an intellectual, even though you had us all believing it. Always so high above the rest of us all, with your little party tricks. Now I see how it really is.”
John might have asked why Sherlock had left the border if that was the case, but already suspected that the younger sibling wanted to be a bit more like big brother than they were letting on.
He throws open Dr Davenshaw’s bedroom door. Nothing.
“What am I going to do about all this?” John asked softly, and possibly unintentionally.
For the hundredth time that day it seemed, he was to be rendered almost completely speechless.
“While trying to conceal that you murdered your wife, you not only invited a man who solves murder mysteries for a hobby into your home, you went so far as to marry him.”
“Weren’t you lonely?” John wondered. “Were you out here all by yourself?”
Minute details.
not bringing you,” John said, pointing at the Witch. She held up her hands in mock surrender.
“Well!” Wilkes said, dropping his cigarette on the carpet before crushing it beneath his foot. “Now that you’re moving up in the world, I suppose there’s no love lost between old friends.”
”It hardly matters, seeing as I’m eating alone," he said, but when the waiter arrived to sweep away the cloth and flowers, Watson acted as though he'd heard none of it.
This all came to a grinding, terrible halt when there was a knock at the door.
, John thought, but didn’t say.
“You’ll have better luck with them than me,” John said, leaning on his cane as he began his ascent.
Once the cabin of the ship had been drained in the bay, the doctor on duty and John were asked to see the body. Despite Sherlock’s protests, he was kept from joining John when viewing the body extracted from the wreckage, draped tactfully beneath a sheet.
The presence of their enemies was a momentary distraction before the actual ordeal began. John hadn’t been wrong in thinking the inquest would be quite a long time, and a boring one at that. Better boring than interesting in this case, however. The Captain was the first to give evidence, mostly related to how the boat was found, and then the diver, providing similar details. Sherlock held his breath when it was the doctor’s turn, concerned that maybe there had been evidence of foul play on the body after all, but even his testimony passed without incident. Next up was John, and after him, the man who had renovated the boat.
John fingered the buttonhole before moving on to the second.
He made an attempt at one of his charming smiles he had in his repertoire for special occasions. Moriarty did not return it.
John had meant to tell him. What a lark. He already knew what those
John however was not able to gather whether that had been the case, as any openness he had seen in Sherlock’s face shuttered closed when the Hudson’s alarm system began to blare through the overhead speakers. Sherlock’s antennae twitched at the first loud blast of sound, but they did not seem to feel the need to cover their ears as John did.
After thinking it, he rebuked himself. It was a reprehensibly selfish thought, and silly too. John and Mary had been man and wife, while he and John were nothing to one another beyond two people keeping each other company on a holiday.
“Um,” Archie said, tugging at John’s sleeve, and providing John with a much needed distraction. “Can you help me with something?”
glibly repeating John’s earlier suggestion.
“That is –" he rushed to correct himself, "he doesn’t mean to be offensive. He’s like that with everyone he decides is important."
John lifted himself up from the ground, realising that going for a man’s crotch first thing might have been a bit backwards of him, and kissed the bottom lip he’d dreamed of for thirty years.Then, he kissed the top one. Then both, squarely, at once, and Sherlock Holmes whimpered into his mouth.
Just as John was considering facing his own life by performing a half-hearted job search, the mobile next to his laptop buzzed.
“Here boy, oh, you’re a good one, aren’t you?” Mrs Hudson cooed as she led Gladstone back downstairs. He was happy to follow, given the treats he knew to expect from her.
“We’re going to catch the boat!” Wilkes continued, “Isn’t that clever? You would have known all about it had you been around yesterday, seeing as I had to call down to the reception office myself. You really have been neglecting me as of late.”
The sun is setting and he has wasted his afternoon seeing a psychic – him, paying for a psychic! – receiving vague romantic relationship advice when he should have been trying to find Sherlock. There won’t be much of a romantic relationship left to salvage without the other member of it. John tries not to think about what Sherlock being gone for this long means and fails spectacularly.
“Oh, yes,” Moriarty agreed, looking over at him with a strange gleam in his eyes, before cocking his head to the side. Moriarty’s spine straightened as his head tilted, until he transformed in front them into the image of the polite and obedient servant.
” Sherlock replied, voice now tight and reedy. “I’ll explain it to you in full then shall I? We both know you have to return the Hudson to your company’s home base, and that my ship in the cave is inoperable. I would have thought that with the recent developments, the answer to my predicament would be obvious.”
Christ. He was already on the phone with two twinks, as far as he could tell. Surely that was more than enough.
“We’ve already heard his accusations yes,” John confirmed with only a slight bite to his delivery. “His … associate proposed we make a deal to keep David quiet, in fact.”
Sherlock snorted, but did not grow in size.
Sherlock had already come to learn their new home better than any other place preceding it, a relief after traveling from hotel to hotel (and, for one memorable evening, imposing on his brother). They had previously lived like vagabonds, with nothing in the world beyond a good coat and a good dog. Which had suited him just fine.
John’s eyes were narrowed in confusion, while Sherlock imagined his were wide and panicked. Staring at one another, neither of them moved a muscle for the longest fifty-five seconds Sherlock had ever experienced.
A shiver runs down John’s spine, which he immediately wills to stop.
“And you couldn’t have just told me that? Like a grown-up?” John sounded tired, but Sherlock heard what he imagined was tight, repressed anger. Angry in the way that John often reserved for him, and which had the potential to end with blood spilling from his nose. The kind of anger that made him fear that John would eventually leave him for good.
, that you didn’t know this.”
“Yes, thanks, I am aware of why we are all here,” John said, and Sherlock cringed. Would the Coroner not ask someone else? This conversation with John needed to be ended immediately.
John is about to ask if it’s normal for pet owners, even if they’re doctors, to sedate animals, but Sherlock swiftly reenters the living through from the foyer. He must have circled the whole bungalow and is clearly ready to unleash a tirade now that he’s returned. Sherlock begins to pace back and forth in the space between John and their client.
“Who uploaded these concepts into you, I’d love to know,” John said, sipping the tea in thanks, though
John’s eyes narrowed, unsure of what to think. For a moment, he wondered if somehow Sherlock was self-aware, whether Sherlock perhaps knew that to John he was a book character.
“Watson didn’t like it, so it never made it to Manderley. In his opinion, it didn’t do her justice.” Moriarty’s eyes lighted upon the wardrobes in the other room. “Oh, but you have been snooping haven’t you? Would you like to see her clothes?” Moriarty moved into the anteroom without waiting for a response. He flung open the door of each wardrobe, his arms outstretched as he swiveled back to face him.
“Oi, boys, you better come have a look at this!” Greg calls to the officers in the living room. He looks very relieved that John is in fact onto something and that forceful removal of him from the house would not be required.
“My own kind attacked me,” Sherlock said, and John had never heard him sound so tired.
John’s thumb traced a maddening circle around his slit, smearing his early emissions, and making him groan.
“Not to interrupt,” John said, voice raising as he turned to Sherlock, “but why did you send me here if you were just going to follow me anyway?”
“You’re saying you’ve never seen me with Mary at the cottage? You used to always peer in at the windows, remember?”
“You don’t understand,” he said. “I’m not the sort of man people marry.” Well, he wasn’t. So really, what game was John playing at?
One black high heeled foot appeared just beneath the door’s edge, and as it closed, the witch John had met at the clinic stepped out onto the pavement.
Mrs Hudson turned to John, hands planted on her hips. “This is why this place is a pigsty! And he won’t let me do a thing to change it—”
“Think I’ll have better luck here?” John asked the scarecrow.
“John,
“About two months later,” Lestrade said.
John realised the differing factor, the only new variable, was him. The universe was rarely so lazy, therefore, for whatever reason, he was being given the chance to alter the events of the last novel.
John was quick to nod in affirmation while Sherlock pulled the coat from his shoulders, and then his own, holding them both out to Lestrade expectantly.
I’m sure I’ve never said dandy.
> All right. OK, new guide topics, then. I thought you didn’t write guides? You said the other one was just a one-off.
As Sherlock predicted, there was rustling in the brush to his right, left, and behind him. A group of men circled him soon after. There were only three of them, but more could have been lurking in the foliage.
“Was that the
> Meeting someone. The right someone.
In the meantime, John swung his bad leg over the side of the bed and strapped on his assistive device, first to his upper thigh and then to his calf overtop his clothes.
You don’t find me sexy?
“Good evening Colonel,” John said.
Which was why following the boat’s discovery, despite the terrible revelation that John was likely to be hanged for murdering his wife, John was still filled with an almost disbelieving and dizzy happiness to learn that Sherlock had loved him all along.
“I don’t suppose you have,” Harry said. “Whatever you do, don’t let him see that you’re frightened of him.”
John felt the grip on his cane loosen as his lungs expelled a breath that never seemed to end.
John paused, about to pull his helmet back on. “When you’ve looked after them as much as I have, see if you don’t start to humanize them a little.” John laughed once, without humour. “Actually, God, what am I saying. I suppose you wouldn’t.”
“You had it, all this time? But why, my dear?” Stamford asked. “I thought I might never see it again, and worse, have to let go one of our servants! I invited Mr Holmes here with the expectation that a scheme was needed!”
Sherlock turned from the window, eyeing Moriarty appraisingly, and started to laugh. Moriarty watched him in annoyance. “You’re not as above her as you thought,” Sherlock said.
At this rate, I may actually have this wrapped up in time for Halloween (the dream).
“If you continue to refer to my homeless network as ‘feline friends’, I wouldn’t be so sure.”
“It leaves us here." He motioned to the disarray of the living room around them. “Where are you from? Where do you currently live?”
[backs away slowly] see ya soon....
Sherlock thought of Moriarty and Magnussen sitting in the back of the courtroom, but didn’t comment. He was too grateful for the current state of affairs. The Coroner didn’t suspect John. He had pinned it, rightfully so, on Mary, though not for the actual reason.
John thought he rather preferred being real than literary, so long as it meant his long-loved childhood companion and only friend miraculously existed with him, where their stories finally got the ending they deserved.
“I know,” John said, petting his side. “They won’t.”
Sherlock waited till he heard John’s tread on the stairs up to his bedroom before he lifted a loose tile in the wall, revealing his cigarette from earlier. Relighting it with a match, he laid back and looked at the empty space where John had been but a moment before in consideration.
Sherlock watched John as they all stood in the library, waiting for the Colonel to read the page, waiting for the moment he found something incriminating. They didn’t need to wait long.
I'm going on a business trip next Sunday [7 years of groaning] which is normally when I do all my last minute writing and editing, so I may be off my weekly schedule for this next one : (  so see ya kind of soon ?
“How should I know? It rolled off somewhere. Probably underneath the desk. Maybe a spare bit of curtain. Did they not look for it before making accusations?”
“No,” he said, attempting to regain his firmness. “No, I think I have everything. I shall be very comfortable here.”
_______
Watson laughed in shock. “Incomprehensible? Mysterious? Me, really?”
Sherlock’s hand paused in its movements, as his head swiveled to level John with a cold look. “Does that disappoint you? Oh, of course it does, how predictable. Because you see yourself as a soldier, Queen and country, me not falling into line is—”
Though, if not for his chronic condition, John might not have paid any attention at all to the town rumours about witches and wizards.
Except—for the first time, that train of thought had given John an idea, something he could actually reasonably do. At once it seemed obvious, and he kicked himself for not thinking of it before.
He imagined an old home would have secret passages, old servant’s hallways, hidden rooms, and he endeavoured to find them. And it was good that he had his own missions, as John had been correct in thinking he would not be much available once they returned to Manderley.
“There’s something you haven’t told me,” Sherlock concluded, leaning on his arm over the side of the tub. “What is it, and why?”
“You’re not a wealthy man, Lestrade. Take the money.”
“We got loads, whatever you want. Listing ‘em will take ages, and besides, you sound like you’d like a twink and a blow, wouldn’t you mate?”
Of sorts.
It didn’t require an imagination like his to picture what they would say to one another as they drove away. “My dear, what a strange boy. He scarcely opened his mouth.” And then, the words that Harriet had first spoken, which had stayed with him ever since and which he heard in every look and whispered comment, “He’s so different from Mary.”
He nodded. Of course he understood, John wanted them to be friends.
He had the vague memory of a dream, involving John. It seemed to continue on from all his previous dreams, but there was no longer any evidence of the frame he had stepped into, no lingering signs that he was living inside a painting. He was fully submerged in the world he’d entered, and there was no way back out. In the dream, he and John had been walking together through the woods of Manderley. They started walking side by side, but as they went further from the house, the distance between them grew. It was gradual, but eventually John’s trajectory was to one offshoot of the path, and him another. Despite the paths having no distinguishable features, he knew John’s trail was the one that lead to the cove and the boathouse. It made no sense that John should get so far ahead, with his shorter legs and cane, and it annoyed him in the dream. He tried to call for John, but John made no sign of hearing him. He could no longer see John’s face. He felt sure if he could see John, he would know something, something that was obvious -- but it was just John’s figure, limping further down the wrong path.
Moriarty turned gradually from the window, his expression a pantomime of innocence.
“Molly, the woman who was just - do you not know any of their names?”
God, even with a soap foam beard and towel about his shoulders John was utterly himself, entirely self-possessed. John even managed to make it look good.
“And the dog?” John asks.
The Royal Wizard rested his head against his hand with a laugh. “Sherlock, you do know we don’t have a current King of Ingary, don’t you?”
Later, after minutes of no one speaking, Sherlock mumbles into his pillow. You never had to trick me into looking at you. Why do you think that? That’s a rhetorical question. Don’t. Don’t answer.
He eyed the oncoming dark clouds in response.
“It wasn’t Anderson, Sherlock,” John said, bringing the runaway train of his possible explanation to a grinding halt. “There was an assailant, but there wasn’t a third person.”
The same spine tingling feeling he had felt in his shoulder now spread through his leg, with the entire exchange occurring in the few seconds they had before the poacher slammed the electric prod against Sherlock’s additional limb, sending an electric shock that traveled into both John and Sherlock.
After finishing his last call—an elderly woman having a chat with her even more elderly mother, who was of course also hard of hearing—John had hoped he might be on break long enough to get tea.
Sherlock may have been inexperienced in some aspects of life, but John found the younger man certainly knew how to take the bull by the horns (and to John’s eventual great satisfaction, this included the bedroom).
“You hated Mary,” Sherlock repeated weakly. After all this time, after constantly hearing everyone sing her praises, it was like being told that up was down, or that night was day.
Which was likely why John called the number, for the second time, and got a similar greeting.
Just as dawn was breaking, he began his journey from the East to the West. He moved along the long corridors in silence, thankfully meeting no one along the way. Through the windows he could see fog rolling in, and the closer he drew to the West side of the house, the thicker the mist from the sea appeared. When he passed beneath the archway that led to the West corridor, he found the door was still open, waiting for him. It had been left that way in invitation.
John advanced on them, sliding his shorter leg between Sherlock’s, and pressing Sherlock back against the wall next to the sofa. Slowly, John wrapped his hands around the wrists of Sherlock’s newly grown arms, and slid them up along the wall till they were pinned gently above Sherlock’s head, crooked at the elbows. Sherlock’s other two hands came up to rest lightly on John’s chest, knowing that they could push or pull John away if needed. Sherlock peered down at him, their faces close enough to touch if one of them moved an inch.
Ignoring the Mycroft comment, Sherlock resisted rolling his eyes at ‘ordinary’. As predicted, knowledge of Sherlock’s inhumanness had only worsened John’s hero worship expectations of him. John was still around at least, but now he had John’s inevitable disappointment to look forward to, whenever John realized he was much closer to a person than anything John might have learned from sensational literature.
“Christ,” John gasped, and kissed the rest of the words from him, right hand traveling up the back his neck, tugging on Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock wanted him to pull harder.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, brows raised in surprise at John’s frankness. “Yes! That. Were you trying to be
“How did I not see it?” he wondered aloud. “And all those times you wanted to say it,
Sherlock only hummed in response, scraping at the burnt part of the rodent leg with a butter knife.
“So then, the thief is a lock pick?”
“What?” John asked, confusion in his face reflecting Sherlock’s own. “What gave you that idea? I’ve been avoiding it because of - ” John motioned towards him, and then paused. “This might be another one of those times.”
A shadow passed across John’s face. He didn’t like it, and kicked himself for blurting it out. He wished he had continued their pretending.
Sherlock falls into the obsessive habit of checking John’s blog daily. This is largely unfulfilling as John rarely writes anything beyond sarcastic, meaningless posts directed at his therapist which his friends respond to with obvious concern.
Would he – ? To
“Charmed I’m sure Mr Watson,” Lady Norton said, and used her hold on his hand to pull him back up the stairs with her.
Deciding to complete his task regardless, he walked across the room to them and handed the letter to Wilkes without a word.  Wilkes waved a hand at him in annoyance at being disturbed from his success, and mumbled his name as an introduction between himself and Watson.
Watson huffed a small laugh. “You want to keep us driving nowhere in particular perfectly, but the solar system is a waste of resources?”
John glared at him, but it was a teasing look, rather than truly angry. Sherlock could tell the difference. He knew John very well, after all.
John was silent at first, rubbing at his forehead. “The thought had yeah, maybe, it had occurred -”
“Yes, Mrs Hudson,” they called back down in unison, still looking at one another.
John wasn’t sure what that meant, seeing as he rarely got out of the castle without Sherlock with him.
There was a furrow starting to form between Sherlock’s brows, which John realized he’d wanted to kiss for years. He breathed in once, and took the plunge.
That was a much larger maybe.
Sherlock didn’t care about seeming strange now that John was a free man, or at least, for the moment. He cared about John not being alone. But John begged him not to follow him when he left, and they had agreed to be honest with one another. Damn.
Ah. So John had understood it was a setup. He had gone along with Sherlock’s hinted suggestion, without question, without conflict, still trusting him.
His smile tipped into mischievous. “Well, for example, you had a gun-wielding assassin for a wife...”
John almost laughed, but it died on his lips when all the blood in his body rushed south. With a particularly vigorous thrust, the man’s sheet had fallen off his body.
John’s foot hit the edge of the pink lady’s suitcase that the Met must have forgotten to confiscate, forcing John to remember the evening’s events. The events before the frankly
By now, John could admit that he found the man attractive. Quite a bit, in fact.
“Do you think he can?” John asked, tipping his head towards the stairs, though he didn’t even know if the wizard was in.
“Guests are starting to arrive,” Lestrade called through the door, obviously having left only to realize he had to return. He cleared his throat before he continued. “Might be good if the hosts were out.”
The owner of the cheekbones in question was currently flapping his hands. When John focussed on him again, he began to signal,
“Yes, the guide.” Mirroring him, Sherlock lowered his cup.
“Now or never. After you,” John gestured, and the three of them made their way back into the house, and dove right into organizing.
He did not know what to say in light of this, besides his own truth.
So, it might have been a bit his fault. “You’ve never complained about my methods before.”
John,” Sherlock said, voice a touch high as they crouched down next to him. Their hands reached out to feel his upper body through his suit, and John couldn’t do much beyond groan in pain.
—for several reasons. He was angry about Sherlock Holmes
“I didn’t want to think it over,” he said, his throat closing up around the words. “There was no other choice. You don't understand, John. There was no other choice for me.”
John bristled more at Magnussen using his middle name than at the revelation that Magnussen somehow knew. In all of this, Sherlock still felt joyed by further evidence that John hated that name.
“Well, that’s one way to do it,” John said with a laugh. He also preferred a book to a projected screen, but wasn’t sure if there was any actual reading getting done at that rate.
John continued, embracing his new lobotomized existence.
John ad-libbed. With the view he had in front him, it wasn’t much of a stretch for John’s imagination to put himself in that exact position. At John’s height, if he was leaning against the edge of the desk, that mouth would be in easy reach.
I'm back from the grave post-TAB, and you get a little bit of both the boys in this next one. The POV switching in this fic ended up being a sandwich, with John as the meat and Sherlock as the bread.
> Are you really trying to estimate the time between reading and applying? Seems like a lot of detail that would be quite variable, even for someone trying to make a case study of the guide’s use. Which is already. A lot of detail. For a sex guide.
the man asked.
“Yes John, of course. And thank you. For the bath.”
Colonel Barclay was the Kerrith magistrate, Sherlock’s memory provided him. He knew John, they were on good terms. That could work in their favour.
Not since their house had burned down due to Sherlock being too stupid to solve Moriarty’s little “riddle”, the answer to which was
“No, I – I, it’s just-“ he breathes in, “you moving in front of me. Like that. That was. Good.”
literally just sliding in to make my Sunday deadline, with the Manderley fancy dress ball, at last, : )))))))
Moriarty shrugged his shoulders, ever casual. “I only followed out Mr Watson’s instructions,” he said.
Sherlock’s arms and patience were beginning to feel strained. “I’m threatening this man’s life, John,” he pointed out, somewhat breathless from the effort of doing just that, embarrassingly enough. “Where
Sherlock tilted his head in response. It was like being thanked for tying the knot in his own noose.
“Hmm, your talents will definitely be needed.”
John held him by the waist, lowering him till he was resting on John’s spread knees, without putting pressure on the area of his seat that was currently quite tender. He regretted being sore at the moment, as John seemed intent on apparently making
Something that duck did not know was that the peacock had once been an ugly duckling. Once upon a time, the ugly duckling was caught in Serbia by poachers. They chained up his wings so he couldn’t fly back to that duck he had lied to. They threatened to pluck his feathers, but they needn’t have bothered. When he returned, his gift would not be as special as it once was. The duck had seen other feathers, and was no longer impressed by his.
“We can take a pair of seven league boots that you and Master Holmes made!”
John would have thought the most observant man in the world would have read his erection as a pretty clear green light – but then, John had been relearning his own assumptions of Sherlock quite a bit lately.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up in understanding. “Oh, I see. You tried to take one with you once—your military issued weapon I imagine—and it got confiscated.”
John signed back, slowly, making sure he’d got that right. The man beamed, and nodded.
“Mrs Wilson contacted me about a precious missing novelty item, which she suspected was stolen by a fellow collector and competitor. The police were unhelpful, apparently, as they deemed the stolen good even pettier than most petty crime. When I asked her when she believed the theft to have taken place, she provided her husband’s hours in and out. Now that I have at least some evidence against that claim—”
“Oh no,” he replied. “I ensured it.” Considering how Mr Hudson had treated his client, from what he’d gathered, he took great pleasure in it in fact.
“Ah, no, why would I be nervous?” John responds a little too stiffly.
Mary had dressed up as the other Watson for the last fancy dress ball she’d been alive for.
Olives. Really. What are we going to do, besides get brined?
“Hardly a moral crisis!” John protested. Though truthfully, Sherlock’s parents not having any issue with the arrangement
“Master Holmes!” the boy cried, waving envelopes above his head.
> You’re a bit blunt, is all. Yeah, okay, yes. It did. I don’t know if that’s how everyone would respond, though.
“Yeah, he says it has to be you. He’s quite insistent. He keeps signing your name.”
“Or we could pretend I didn’t just say that.”
“I was down on one of the beaches the other day,” he said, with practiced carelessness. “The one with the breakwater. Gladstone had run over to bark at a man.”
“It is so lovely to finally meet you Dr Watson,” the elderly woman John was currently escorting to the sofa informed him.
Sherlock—apparently—concluded. On that note, Sherlock’s hand reached out towards his laptop, and by extension John, as he abruptly ended the call.
As Sherlock suspected, this man was no friend of theirs in this situation. His clothes showed signs of repeated mending, his shoes were on their way out, but he hadn’t replaced them, and his repeated jaw clenching suggested he was already angry and had been for quite some time. If Sherlock had to guess (and he never guessed), he’d have said that Mrs Watson’s boat sinking a year ago had been very bad for the builder’s business, very bad indeed.
“I suppose it does if you’re unfamiliar with the concept. He pays me to accompany him,” he said, smiling slightly.
Right, of course.  John smiles. He can’t get too bent out of shape when Sherlock’s like this. Not when Sherlock says things like “lovers”.
Feeling as though he might be taking his life in his hands, John held onto the scarecrow and placed his feet on the lower branches. The scarecrow was off like a shot, and John was jostled with each lurch forward. Though they did not move remarkably fast, it was much better than John’s earlier pace, and for that John was grateful.
“Ah,” John said, looking decidedly worried, which was all very wrong and not as intended. “He doesn’t approve, does he.”
“And you stayed?” The words came out before Sherlock could prevent the hateful neediness from making itself known.
> No one could come up with that for their fake name. Besides, you seem like a Sherlock.
“Oh,” he said.
Sherlock’s body gravitated toward his as the intensity of their kisses skyrocketed, and John without thought ground against Sherlock’s front, surprised when he felt a reciprocated
Oh, uh. Thanks.
After two paragraphs of success, John paused. He needed to ask a question for this email to have an actual purpose, and he couldn’t just write “I sort of wanted to know what you were actually like, as a person.” For reasons John didn’t want to examine too closely, he didn’t want SH to discount him or ignore his email. He wanted to be one of the interesting enquiries, but he didn’t want to seem clueless, either. John might have been an amateur about sexual relationships with men, but if the person had a prostate, he knew how to find it, at least. And that gave him an idea. Before he could lose his nerve, John typed:
_______
> And the one word answers come out.
Watson looked out across the room. “None of the ladies here meet your standards?”
It’s only when I’m fully awake that I know where I am and that you’re there next to me. Falling back asleep means returning to not that, it means going back to not knowing. It’s not that I dream bad things, but once I’m awake, I want to stay awake. With you. And sometimes I then also want to be—
“A-ha!” Sherlock crowed, mirroring John’s accusing stance. “So you admit it! You snuck up on me!”
John groaned, almost closer to agony than pleasure. This time it was John who stretched upwards, nipping at Sherlock’s bottom lip as he drew back. Sherlock’s eyes slid closed and didn’t open, even after John lips left his entirely. “I didn’t know that then, did I?” John murmured. “I’m happy to agree with you that I’m an idiot, as long as we’re clear it wasn’t because - ”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, and had intended to say more, but was distracted when Watson bent down to retrieve his hat and tailcoat from the road. Watson handed the hat to him directly, but gave his tailcoat a shake to remove any dirt, and then held it out for him, as a manservant might.
Sherlock had always distanced himself from people—humans and his own kind alike—and similarly, from feeding. With the bags, he was in control. He didn’t lose himself in the act, and there was no other variable to account for. His fangs didn’t even need to descend. If his body could remain detached, he was mentally and physically in possession of himself. No messiness.
John waved to some of his belongings he’d haphazardly collected on their Honeymoon. “Settling in?”
“And had the boat been seaworthy after you converted it?” the Coroner asked, thankfully getting to the point.
“What are you doing?” John asked, breathless and already prepared to accept whatever Sherlock had in mind.
John repeated this motion twice, growing bolder with each upstroke, before moving his hand away entirely. His breathing stuttered at the loss of contact, and he almost whined in protest, before realizing John was merely reaching lower to lift his nightshirt. The cloth was pushed upward, and bunched around his waist. He felt exposed and over sensitive, and desperate for John to touch him again. In a moment of lucidity, he reached for a handkerchief from the side table, which he imagined would prove useful very shortly.
The evening couldn’t have come soon enough for Sherlock, but at last, the other guests arrived and were hosted with grace by Mr Stamford and his wife. He and Captain Watson were the rare few in attendance who were not neighbours and would be staying at the estate. He had bid farewell to Watson in the afternoon to rest before dinner and change into their evening finery. It was a relief when Watson was down before him, entertaining with Stamford in the drawing room.
“You are getting ahead of yourselves,” Murray said, breaking the tension. “The results were inconclusive.”
John felt his face scrunch up in surprise, and confusion. “Are you suggesting I live here?”
“No need to hide it from me,” John said, bemused. “Once you’ve seen four arms, you’ve seen it all.”
Magnussen’s back was turned to him now, but he could still see the man’s shoulders shake as he laughed.
I know this one took two weeks, but I'm hoping to get back to my weekly sched (though these later chapters are all getting to be So Long??)  see ya soonish xoxo
He felt a dawning horror come over him, the knowledge of what was about to be said becoming immediately clear to him, but too late to do anything beyond watch John’s profile. John, with his face hardened, visibly dreading the Captain’s next words. John who was sharp enough to already know what bad news from the diver signified.
“You see, the trouble is that Mr Watson misidentified that body last year,” Colonel Barclay stated, with little consideration for breaking the news.
Well, as Sherlock had said, they’d done weirder cases before.
“I know,” Sherlock said. “That’s why I make up most of my spells myself.”
Quite right, though I think these pots might be more than just dear friends.
(See the end of the chapter for
Or so he convinced himself, as he made a left turn rather than a right one late morning. He could only entertain himself with one section of the house for so long after all.
“Not really,” Sherlock replied, delayed in the doorway by Mrs Davis offering him sweets from her bag, which he accepted with reluctance (even though he would most certainly eat them later).
John searched the charging bay for the Hudson in-service bot, but found nothing beyond the routing bots charging peacefully, and that the alarm system inside was fully functional. John moved on to the control room, only to find the alarm code flashing on the control panel to be one he’d never seen before in his life.
Sherlock scoffed. “If you were traveling in my galaxy, would you approach the first living creature you saw?”
“What symptoms did she describe?” Sherlock asked, ignoring the look, the cogs in his mind beginning to turn. Mary had been unwell, bad enough to seek out a doctor under short notice, and then to later instigate a fatal encounter with John. Could that behaviour be explained as just aggression, tension and dislike building in their marriage, coming to the surface?
Before Watson could probe further, Sherlock observed, “It’s almost time.”
“Yes?”
He opened the door, and peered into darkness. He had watched as the shutters were closed again, after all. Unlike his previous visit to the West wing, he reached along the wall till he found the light switch. Once turned on, he found himself in an anteroom, specifically a dressing room. There wasn’t much to the space aside from several large wardrobes, and another door at the end of the room. This door was wide open, and beyond he could see into a larger room. He crept forward, and turned on the light in the room attached.
Sherlock quickly swings his gaze to John with his usual ‘we both know what’s going on’ look, which John parries with his ‘don’t do that, I have no bloody clue’ look.
They stood in silence for a moment, before John leaned on his cane and dropped on his bad leg to the ground. He wondered why John would go to the trouble, before John handed him a white flower that had fallen to the ground. John didn’t seem to know where to look. It was all very… endearing.
“It’s beautiful, Sherlock,” John said, turning to find Sherlock close behind him, grinning ear to ear.
“I understand, John. It’s clear from your blog that you’re a romantic. A hopeless one at that.”
Sherlock made no reply. Sherlock did, however, veer at a ninety degree angle towards a narrow stone path, which led to a bungalow in desperate need of a fresh paint job. The curtain in the window to the right of the front door was drawn back when John turned towards the house, and fluttered closed once they were on the path.
Sherlock inclined his head. “The question,” he repeated, as if considering it. “I suppose you mean why Mary would confront John and pull a gun on him? What was her motivation, why that night, etc.?”
It was the noise in his head that was the problem.
“It’s over,” John said. Sherlock remained standing, awkwardly, unsure what John meant.
Would John come to speak to him? Better not, not in front of all these people. They wouldn’t be able to discuss anything interesting.
“I wonder if I did a very selfish thing in marrying you,” John said, slowly, and painfully.
could she possibly forgive you for that? Even if she did get a good shag out of it, apparently. You faked an entire relationship!”
“The house used to be full of people in the old days, coming in and out,” they’d say, then pause. “People from London, you know. There used to be tremendous parties.”
“I’m not sure I see another explanation,” the Coroner responded, and Sherlock had to appreciate that the stickler was at least willing to cling to the easiest answer. “Sir, please remember that your handiwork is not on trial, and no one is suggesting you are to blame for Mrs Watson’s unfortunately lax sailing in a bad spot of weather.”
Every line in John’s face conveyed confusion. “You mean…. it was a bad shag?”
“It could very well be,” Watson conceded. “Both of them in it together was my guess. Only, you then implied it was Sampson acting alone.”
When Archie, after exhausting himself, whined “There’s no stars!” John realized he’d been sitting in contemplation in a marsh for far too long.
Sherlock didn’t answer. There was only one way to find out, and if his theory was correct, the answer to perhaps everything would be found back at Manderley.
Namely, that John was not touching him.
Someone had nicked it with a knife, leaving behind an indent in the wood.  He wondered how anyone could use utensils so poorly that they missed their plate completely. He wondered how his hearing had become so impaired.
John moves around the room looking for, well he’s not sure what, but Sherlock would have looked for something. Something to tell him more.
“Don’t wait up for me Hudson,” John said, and then, as an afterthought, “and call Greg if I’m not back within twenty-four hours.”
paper before, can you imagine? Mr Watson was right to have something done. It’s never been used except for occasional visitors. But, Mr Watson wanted the room for you.”
John felt his stomach drop as he watched the colour drain from Lestrade’s face. “Was he not with you sir?” Lestrade asked with unease.
He’d imagined a spouse would have been yet another boring, hateful person, like all the others, the only difference being they would expect to be able to paw at him whenever they felt the urge. Matrimony had been a state to be avoided. Now, what he wouldn’t do to be pawed at.
> You could say that :-)
An even greater mercy was John still sleeping when Sherlock heard a shuffling gait approaching their door only minutes later, accompanied by a quiet whistling. Sherlock gripped the edge of the windowsill, and waited. There was no knock or attempt to enter. Something was deposited outside their door, and then the footsteps returned the way they had come. Moriarty had left him another present.
Sherlock nodded, shaky. He could feel John’s racing pulse through his hand, the same as his.
“What?” Sherlock asked. He didn’t understand that look. He hated not understanding.
The man lifted his hand, and with his eyes never straying from John’s, pushed one long finger into his gorgeous mouth.
the man signed. His eyes were on John, but still unfocused.
Wilkes laughed, spilling cigarette ash across the floor.
John hadn’t dreamed since arriving at the castle, but that night he dreamt a bird landed on the bed and slept next to him, its feathers brushing his face every time he rolled onto his side.
“All that pretty mist,” Moriarty murmured, stepping up till he was flush with the line of his back. “Like jumping into a cloud. I thought you might like my little gift, but you’re right - this is sexier. And just as easy. Why don't you? Painless, quick. Not like what you’ve been doing, what you’re doing right now - so slow, so
When he had tried to find something of interest in the library, and had made to start a fire, Lestrade had arrived on the scene to tell him there was always a fire in the morning room. The library wasn’t to have a fire until the afternoon. Mrs Watson clearly had always used the morning room, well, in the morning. That had been on the tip of Lestrade’s tongue of course, but not said aloud, thankfully.
Sherlock jumped up, nearly dropping his mobile to the floor in his haste. “Milk!” he cried. “We’re out of that, probably - aren’t you always saying I should get that? - even though you never get it
Their feet are pushed out from their chairs, slowly nearing each other, and John wonders how Sherlock would react to a bit of early morning footsie.
“John, you have to know that—” Sherlock swallowed. “If I have left you out, misguided as it is, I only ever did what I thought was best for you. Everything I do is for you.”
“I’m not having this conversation through a door,” John said, despite the evidence to the contrary.
And the man was bloody
Your hot—
“Now who’s using whose laptop John?” Sherlock eventually responded, chin tilting down towards his neck.
“Promise me something though. Promise me you’ll never wear a tailored suit – well, fine, wear suits, that’s not the important bit – promise me that you’ll never grow to care for nothing in the world?”
“John is out at the burial, as you might have guessed given you just attended the related hearing,” Sherlock said, still facing the window. “He won’t be back for some time.”
From all of this, he concluded that John was not a liar. John wouldn’t make love to someone when he was not yet fully prepared to give over that part of himself. He respected that, and knew he would appreciate it more when he knew without a doubt that John was his. This recognition did not, however, make it any more possible to endure.
Instead, Sherlock was a silent for a minute. “Are you joking?” Sherlock asked finally, sounding very small.
It had been slurred, and took John a moment to process, but the man had without a doubt just yelled his name. It was the first word John had heard him speak, and it had clearly not been intentional, seemingly forced out by the strength of his orgasm.
“Gladstone wouldn’t come,” he said, as way of explanation. John smiled at Gladstone, but only spared a sidelong glance for him.
“Bill, do you know what happened to the book I had in my pocket? Did they keep it?”
That evening when John sits down in his armchair, he has to climb in sideways. Are these chairs closer than they usually are? John asks. Once he’s managed to get in, his knees are bracketing Sherlock’s neat, crossed legs. The toes of Sherlock’s left foot are tucked underneath John’s armchair.
“You want me to convince your husband to throw the party again?” she asked, clearly surprised. “Why not just ask him yourself?”
For those of you who may not have noticed, this fic is rated explicit, and there is in fact going to be some sexual content up ahead, so look out ~
When John only eyed him warily, Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Fine, I’ll start then. I’ll present the facts, as one should never reason without them. You seem to have known the details of Jennifer Wilson’s murder before it even happened, and I seem to know your name without ever having met you.”
> Sorry, I was out when you messaged me.
The alien cocked their head at him. The tips of the alien’s antennae pushed together in the center of their forehead in a facsimile of a prayer pose, as if contemplating the suggestion. After a beat, the creature obediently swept up the bot parts, including Mike’s outer rectangular frame, and clambered towards John on long silver legs.
Gladstone, bless him, picked one end of the cane up with his teeth. The dog was able to lift it high enough that he could grab it from him. Gladstone would normally have been whining by now from the cold, but had instead been patiently waiting for them all along. A silent observer.
Sometimes he hated his own mind.
John’s hands quickly resumed signing
“Don’t be like that,” Sherlock said, “I can fix it.”
That damn voice. It was as if Moriarty knew exactly what he was interrupting. And that thought was more than enough to kill the mood.
“Are you sure? Many don’t enjoy it.”
His canines were still fully extended, but annoyingly getting in his way. They were only needed for the first part, as most of his drinking from then on out was lapping at the wound with enthusiasm, turning John’s arm this way and that to catch every last drop running along his skin, sucking it from the light blond hairs. There was a gasping sound, but it was far away, distant to his current purpose of more,
John’s tone was neutral, but Sherlock felt the words like a lance being run through him. John was inscrutable, at times. Sherlock couldn’t tell any more. He didn’t know if all was forgiven, or if it was to be forever a sore spot. There was so much not knowing, he was choking on it.
“Also, it’s pronounced photosynthesize. The ‘y’ isn’t a hard vowel sound,” John clarified. Sherlock pouted, as Sherlock often did when John knew things that they didn’t.
John bristles at Greg’s tone more than anything else. He hasn’t bloody lost it, for God’s sake.
He himself stood outside the door, listening for a moment to the voices within. It sounded like a room full of people, though it couldn’t have been more than John and two others.
If only the boat maker hadn’t been so thorough, so obsessed with the nature of the marks along the boat. Sherlock had of course identified the damage as man-made as well, but how was he to know a boat builder would decide the same.
“You don’t have to convince me,” John gasped. He lifted himself up onto his elbow and started kissing Sherlock again—wet, and open, and not always square on the mouth—till they were back on track.
John raised his head once more, and he could not comprehend what he’d done to put that look of pain and distrust, and eventually, coldness into John’s expression. John continued to stare at him, like John wasn’t sure - as if John didn’t know who he was. It was just a blond wig, he thought desperately. John had never looked at him like this, and frankly it terrified him.
When the court case decided a verdict of suicide, and David’s letter turned out to be a dead end, John was almost afraid to believe it could all be that easy.
He felt that once he had broken his restraint on saying Mary’s name, the urge to continue was overwhelming, like a child learning their first bad word. It was as intoxicating as a drug in his system, giving him a curiously dark sense of satisfaction each time he said it.
“You think I’d honestly ask you this on the spur of the moment? You told me you’d be bored in America, so hey, let’s get married? You think I’d ask you to marry me for the same reason you think I drove you around in the car?”
“That’s an idea, how’s the East wing looking then?” John asked.
“Well,” John said, “Sherlock it is.”
After dinner, Sherlock hailed a cab, insisting they were going the same way, and that the cab would drop John off first. John had never been on the receiving end of this treatment, though he had acted this way with his own dates in the past.
. “You know age doesn't mean anything in marriage. Of course we are companions. The best of.”
He had gathered as much, though not the name. Which did sound oddly familiar.
Why did everyone insist on asking him that question? No one understood the point of this exercise. John needed to be made happy at Manderley, and the Manderley parties were a happy event, as far as he knew. However, if
“Jane!” Stamford managed to at last cry out, and as the figure stepped into their line of sight, Watson removed his hand from his pocket.
At least they never ended up having to deal with the press directly.
John was attracted to danger, of course, but even he had to have limits.
, and could have even been arrived at in a blind guess. John had sacrificed everything for Manderley, and Sherlock had destroyed it in little more than an afternoon. It was Moriarty’s act of course, but Sherlock had forced his hand, and he hated himself for it every day that went by that John did not discuss it.
“It was very different of course when the late Mrs Watson was alive,” Moriarty said, meandering about the room, and running his hand lightly along the wood panel at the foot of his and John’s bed.
Gladstone, who had been hiding behind his master’s legs for the duration of the conversation, began growling again.
He was in love with John Watson. In the brief time he had known the man, he had fallen irrevocably in love with him.
“I don’t want to know,” he said, and it revealed far too much, but he didn’t care,
The return trip was faster than the drive in, but still unbearably long with his suspicions left unconfirmed, and the guilt he felt over leaving John behind weighing on him. Sherlock sped past the gates, through the winding woods, till Manderley appeared once more ahead. He cut the engine once he reached the entrance, and abandoned the car to rush up their grand steps.
“Why not? It's true,” he insisted, daring Lestrade to contradict him.
The man (and his cutting cheekbones) promptly disappeared from John’s screen. Which was a relief, really. John had taken this job so that he didn’t have to resort to sex work, thanks very much.
“I've never for one moment regretted marrying you. Do you understand, John?” John felt guilty, for whatever reason. John believed he’d done him some kind of disservice. He had to convince him otherwise. John had to understand.
“How so, dearest?” Stamford, not an overly imaginative man, was still puzzled.
“And why did I accept ownership of Manderley, if according to you I had other ideas?”
He throws back the old curtains hanging on the wall. Dust spills out into the air, sending him into a coughing fit, but there’s nothing behind the curtains.
That night he dreamt he was walking down a long dirt road. He was younger, or perhaps smaller, or both, as he was no taller than the fence on his left. As he continued forward, he recognized the road approaching as one in Monte, one of the many he’d seen before and committed to his memory palace.
The look he received was warmer than he had expected, and new meaning became clear. “Indeed,” Watson replied. The moment passed.
There were spells Sherlock worked on without John, which John suspected were from before he’d arrived, like the one involving hearts. There were days where Sherlock would work at the table in complete silence, then drop everything and sprint upstairs. The wheel above the door would be turned to green-side down or blue-side up, and Sherlock would disappear without a word.
“The cottage and its decaying things. They’re all Mary’s, aren’t they?” he asked directly.
Did Watson read love poems? Did he write love poems? Well,
“If someone was regularly breaking in to leave the dianthuses, they must be doing it overnight, taking them from the garden, and we need to catch them in the act,” Sherlock says in return.
“Very good John. Well reasoned.” John has a feeling there’s going to be a caveat to this remark.
“You thought he was loyal to her,” John said, definitely attempting to placate him. “How could you have known otherwise? He’d always acted like they were as thick as thieves. I had sort of thought Mary was his partner, similar to what I am now to you - you know, the audience of the genius. Maybe you thought he was a bit like you.”
When I wake up, Sherlock says, then stops, groans, and starts again, like a stalling car. When I wake up, during the short period between sleep and full consciousness, I think that I’m waking up somewhere else. To the way it was before.
“In the imminent rain?” he asked, perhaps unkindly. John’s expression fell, though he tried to hide it. John was much more strained by Harry’s visit than he’d realized.
John watched as the alien’s four sets of long, dextrous hands made short work of a job that would have taken him a quite a bit more time, and require some additional tools. Mike rebooted, whirring and clicking as it came back online.
“Something happened a year ago that altered my entire life, and I want to forget all of it. Everything before it too. The whole point of me coming here was to try to begin living all over again. And I know that’s idealistic – sometimes it comes back all the same. If you want honesty I’ll give it to you, seeing as you know everything without needing to be told anyway. At the top of the hill the other day, I had been there before. With my wife.”
“Why would I?” John responded, causing the Colonel to eye him again with curiosity. Sherlock cursed John’s natural edginess, which would otherwise have delighted him.
Sherlock suddenly emits a muffled cry, and pulls back from the kiss and John, who only has a moment to be startled before feeling a large crack to the back of his head, and –
“A gentleman like you without any money on ‘im?” the ringleader, or so it seemed, said. “Drag him down and search him. If you can’t find a purse, we can still take his fine clothes.”
Everything seemed to be in working order, although several of the circuit switches had been turned off, and the video feed line frayed, possibly from being overheated. The damage would have seemed odd, except it constantly happened to the bots at this particular station. The bots always seemed to veer off course, appearing to be damaged by the unexpected terrain not on their programmed route.
“Oh no, not at all. Just the right amount,” Watson said, eyes warm on Sherlock’s puffed sleeves and high-neck collar. “But certainly attention grabbing. Bad news on the road, but an excellent choice, I understand, for the events of the evening planned tonight.”
“Sir, if you can’t even prove the motive of jealousy,” the Colonel began, “you really do not have a case to present.”
“He was staying in Monte Carlo on a vacation when I met him,” John interrupted, coming in from behind him. “Would you call that living in France?”
John supposed that made sense. “And you thought I spoke it as well?”
Sherlock hummed.
“I think it’s about time we interviewed a few of the neighbours, see if we can learn anything about this dog’s disappearance. Usually someone’s heard something, seen something,” Greg appears to consider touching John’s shoulder but quickly decides against it.
“There’s something I want to show you,” Sherlock said, with no further explanation. “Will you come?”
John didn’t mind not knowing a few things, given the benefits of living with Sherlock in his castle. If John had been lacking for excitement in Market Chipping, his new life with Sherlock made up for it in spades. His new job of helping Sherlock prepare spells, sell spells to customers, and run errands in Porthaven and Kingsbury, beat the clinic work any day of the week.
“What matters is that I don’t respond to blackmail Mr Magnussen,” John replied, voice low and calm. “And I believe I said, don’t make me ask you again.”
He pursed his lips and ripped the map clean in half. He would have thrown the pieces from the car too, if not for one of Watson’s hands leaving the steering wheel to tightly grip his wrist.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve already told you. I could see you didn’t want me to go, or for yourself to go for that matter.” It was now his turn to shuffle his feet, and have trouble meeting John’s gaze. “Let’s have an end to this. I’m already sick to death of the subject.”
“Very good,” Moriarty said, as if something else had been said to him. “I hope I shall do everything to your satisfaction, Sir. The house has been in my charge now for more than a year, and Mr Watson has never complained.”
> A winking face, from Sherlock Holmes! As I live and breathe!
“Hi, I’m calling from a video relay service. I’m a sign interpreter for someone else on the call,” John said, managing to spout off his usual script.
“I’d forgotten,” he replied simply. He’d been there yesterday, and when he’d stowed one of his volumes on the high desk shelf, something had rolled off and smashed. He had intended to do something about it, but then completely forgotten once he’d been occupied once again.
“I wanted to stop it,” Sherlock interrupted. “The bombings. But it’s all in flames now.”
Well, they couldn’t have that, John thought. “Speaking of your fantasies,” John said, growing bolder, “maybe I’ll get you to call me Sir next time, or Captain Watson, what with your army books.”
> A sweet tooth!
“No, I haven’t.”
“None of that!” the poacher chided, and looked at John with new interest. “So, you’re one of those, eh?”
When Sherlock’s slack jawed gasps were frequent and his shaking hands clenched and unclenched along John’s back, John remembered that Sherlock preferred to have the finger removed during orgasm, and imagined that applied to cocks as well. John slipped out in time for Sherlock to shout out a startled, warbled groan against the top of John’s head, rut up against John’s stomach, and come against John’s chest, all before John could even reach down to assist.
it's a long one this week buds
“It’s fine,” Molly interrupted. “It’s only—he says I won’t do.”
“What?” Sherlock asked, defensive.
He eventually finds a blog that is clearly run by the same man based on the picture in the description. Sherlock wonders if his blog might be like Sherlock’s, except of course it isn’t. It’s apparently an exercise inflicted on him by his therapist. John likes to write about how bored he is (Sherlock was right) and then repeat
But Sherlock was still preoccupied. “I suppose you’re not going to call off your dogs?”
“She was not in love with you, or anyone,” Moriarty said, gaze cutting towards John. If he’d thought that would land a blow, Sherlock was cheered to see Moriarty was greatly mistaken. John didn’t care, not even in the slightest. Though, John still appeared concerned where Moriarty intended to lead the conversation.
“Rather careless of me, dear boy,” Watson said, his voice at once low, and eyes dark.
“I’m in here!” Sherlock finally responded from within the loo. “And it’s not what you think.”
Not to stop you from listing carbohydrate dense foods, John, I’m sure you can think of many more, but that’s not—what this is about.
“You’re extraordinary,” John stated, as if it were a fact of nature, undeniable. “You wouldn’t just ‘fit in’ anywhere. Everyone will always find you fascinating.”
John had no cause to doubt everyone else's word, but doubt he did, and he was proven right not long after.
Perhaps it was the fun of interacting with SH that made John want to encourage him to not shutter away any of that openness, which had clearly been included in the guide by accident. If by doing so he made the conversation awkward, it wasn’t as if there would be future run-ins with SH at the shops afterward. And so, John answered with as much truthfulness as he could muster.
“Keep you, I suppose,” Sherlock replied, but despite appearing exhausted next to him, the furrow between their brow had returned, and they were looking at John like he was the one who had antennae growing from his forehead.
> Never said there was. Nothing wrong with it at all.
And he had to call him John.
“Who do you think’s in there?” John asked, pointing to the covered litter of the man-powered vehicle. When Sherlock only growled in response, John prepared himself to whack one of the henchmen with his cane, if the need arose.
It’s just an empty room. A secret, hidden room but an empty room nonetheless. John isn’t sure what he expected.
It was difficult to believe that someone was not inhabiting this room every day. Even though he prided himself on not being fanciful, it made him feel as though he was the ghost, looking into the life of the living from another world. In a moment, Mary was going to appear. She would walk through the door, and begin brushing her hair with the comb on the left, the one that showed more use than the others. Maybe she’d look into the glass, and see him standing behind her. Trying to take her place.
“It’s hopeless,” Sherlock moaned. He was still wet from the shower, and dripping onto the floor. “All of it, hopeless. I’ll toss my other experiments out too while I’m at it. Nothing I’ve tried
Sherlock hummed in agreement.
Pausing in the entrance, Sherlock said, “Don’t make people into heroes, John,” and then he was gone.
“I’m not interested in blackmail, as a matter of fact,” the Witch informed him. “I consider those ‘materials’ my protection, in the event that the royal family ever becomes more creative than simply banishing me to the wastes of Belgravia.”
“Oh, and what’s the real thing?” Watson asked.
If Sherlock had been capable of moving a single muscle, he would have blinked.
.) John later suggested that he discuss the results of his minor experiments, or any new or old cases from the papers, the latter being of more interest to John. When he’d tried to recount his analysis of the perfume samples, John had drifted off in his chair. He couldn’t feel particularly cross with John about it though, given that the man slept with so wide a smile on his face.
He had arrived, and was completely out of sync with the routines of Manderley, the place almost a living, breathing entity of its own. And him going against its natural order, carelessly stumbling into the wrong rooms at the wrong times. How could one house have so many rules? And why did there need to be so many people around the place?
“I see you’ve heard the news,” Sherlock observed, affecting nonchalance. Everyone at the house would have heard about the boat by now.
“Let Anderson go home now, I think, perhaps with a bit of food in him,” the Colonel suggested, and Lestrade ushered him back out. Sherlock and Anderson made eye contact, and for that one moment, Anderson appeared to be clear headed. He ducked his head once, as if in thanks. Sherlock could hardly believe it.
The air in John’s lungs left in one fast exhale. That certainly wasn’t a visual he would be forgetting any time soon.
The forgotten morocco case was now burning a hole in the large inner pocket of his suit jacket. Sherlock did have his own secrets to share. Perhaps now was the time. In light of recent revelations, John would likely be interested in knowing the nature of his interactions with Moriarty.
When John looked up from where he’d had his face buried in Sherlock’s neck, he looked alarmingly concerned. Sherlock didn’t understand why, until he realized his face was wet. “Did I - ?” John asked, horrified, and Sherlock wrapped himself around him again tighter than before.
“Haven’t we already covered that John?” Sherlock replied, clipped and dismissive.
“I want to take the case,” Sherlock interrupts, leaning back with a sudden seriousness that is in stark contrast to his lighthearted demeanour from not a moment ago.
“They were going to turn anyway! They always do, and I can't possibly stop them. Besides, I don’t care what they say about me. Maybe if I make enough of a spectacle of myself they’ll leave off you.”
Sherlock looked down, attempting to appear to be processing. They all lapsed into a silence.
“What did you think was going to happen?” John asked seriously, turning on his side to look at Sherlock more directly. “What were you afraid of?”
“Yes, John. And what was the size of the bullet?” Sherlock murmured, feeling the stirrings of a hunch.
Not to mention, the clock was always ticking for them. John felt the weight of Manderley being barely manageable, Mary’s boat still sunk just off the shore, and Mary’s man Moriarty like a vulture, always circling above them, ready for the moment he smelt blood. And, in John’s mind, it was only a matter of time before someone found out, and that someone could very well be Sherlock.
“Are you solving something over there?” John asked, a small smile already beginning to form. “Are you keeping a diverting murder mystery from me? Like the Chinese acrobats or the ginger dwarf?”
His breathing was loud to his own ears, but then, so was John’s. When he was finally able to reach into John’s trousers to draw his cock out into the open air, he couldn’t help but momentarily stop to appreciate the sight of it. He had estimated it in his mind of course, the shape, the look and feel, but nothing compared to the real thing. The foreskin was already drawn back over the head. If John wasn’t yet fully hard, he was about to be.
“The real reason why I ended up needing to work as a companion, in a roundabout way,” Sherlock began slowly, “was because I once had a drug habit.”
Of course he was now bombarded all at once. Lady Norton even moved her chair over to him, despite her knowing this had been his idea. “Now, Mr Watson, you get on your husband. You’re the real person he will listen to! Oh, a thought - he should give the ball in your honour as the bridegroom!”
“John,” he interrupted. “I’m coming with you. What will they do with the boat once they have it? Where will it be taken?”
“No one went in, or out?”
As he watched John stand once more, he found himself thinking the valley was indeed a happy place. He supposed he’d contracted John’s romanticism. It was so different from the vast house, all shadow and echoing halls, unused wings wrapped in dust-sheets. He didn’t quite belong there, always the outsider wandering in places he wasn’t meant to be, and using possessions that weren’t his. The outdoors were another thing altogether. No one really owned or trespassed. And John wanted him to name it.
Colonel Barclay appeared more than a little skeptical. If only his outlook would stay that way. As the Colonel read the note, his dour expression remained unchanged.
When John finally got on with it, he was all calm instructions, and asking before each and every thing. Could he manage one finger now? Two? Now, what about three? Sherlock thought he might go mad, constantly repeating “yes”, more desperate each time, over and over again.
Moriarty stared at him, as though he expected him to explain why he was lurking in the back regions of Manderley. He felt suddenly that Moriarty knew - that Moriarty must have been watching him all this time, that he had seen him wandering perhaps in that West wing from the moment he had detoured, the man’s dark gleaming eyes pressed to a crack in the door.
John didn’t spare the ruined portraits a single glance.
“I know you did, because the latch isn’t quite closed - oh, aren’t I clever? I could be a detective.” Moriarty spoke in an imitation of his voice.  He blinked at the man, struggling to keep up with his jumpy, erratic movement throughout the rooms.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John said, face turning ashen. John looked guilty, or at least more so than he had when admitting to invading Sherlock’s room on purpose. “I’m not blaming you for…. whatever this is. We just needed to have a talk about privacy.”
John blinked once, and tried very hard not to laugh. “Hold on, just let me—” John said, and then hung up.
>> description: unauthorized ship departure, route off-course
John eyes the red dianthus in his palm. Unbidden, a memory of a phrase spoken in this exact living room comes to him.
“Oh Sherlock, a soldier? That’s lovely dear, perfect for you. We both know you don’t keep those military magazines under your bed for case work.”
Once freed, Sherlock turned away from John, leaning all of their forearms against the blank white wall of the ship. Sherlock then twisted to look back over their shoulder at him.
When they arrived at the house, they retired to the library, but John only stayed for a short time. Mary’s burial had been scheduled for that evening, regardless of the outcome of the afternoon in court.  However when Sherlock stood to accompany him, John refused to let him come, which irked him, to say the least.
He stashed the paper in a drawer, planning to burn it later. There was no need for John to see that trash, on top of everything else.
> Yes. Absolutely. :-)
(See the end of the chapter for
> Sink fingers into “curls”? I thought this was for sensitive scalps.
He followed after John shortly, soon passing the path that led down to the other cove. If Gladstone’s old routine had been to travel down that lane, the Watsons must have favoured that beach. And their cottage.
Moriarty pulled the nightgown back as quickly as it had been offered, thankfully having given up on getting him to touch it. As soon as the gown was back in its case, Moriarty’s hand darted out and grasped his arm again.
“Sherlock,” John repeated, “listen to me, very carefully, and know that I understand if you can’t - if you can’t stay with me after you hear it.”
And it wasn’t even his fault! John was the one who had chosen to sneak into his room on suspiciously quiet feet.
Sherlock looked at John with wide, startled eyes, which seemed to say
“How could they possibly identify the body - after two months, how could they tell?” he asked, his voice raised. And why did Lestrade insist on
. He might have broken his clavicle. John remained motionless after that, attempting to assess the situation from his prone position.
He was accustomed to vivid dreams, due in part to his exceptional visual, spatial and sensory memory. When he reached forward to touch the metal of the gate, it was cool and rough with rust beneath his hands. The man-made had decayed while the wilderness thrived, the winding drive beyond having been reclaimed by nature with branches and bush eclipsing the once clear road leading to the house.
The creature struggled to achieve the exact same tone, and ended up with something much paler. When the alien realized they were unable to replicate the colour exactly, a dimple formed in their chin, and their mouth turned down at its sides. They looked rather put out.
John imagined a younger Sherlock was not much unlike the adult man, who was admittedly rather childish in many respects. De-aged Sherlock, at the age when he had solved his first murder, placed John as a few years older. As the senior member of their team, John got to know more about the world than Sherlock, and the adults were more likely to listen to him, which John rather liked.
John and Lestrade both turned to look at him. “What? Why didn’t you say?” John asked.
“You can have your bed back whenever you like it,” John said, just as Sherlock was sitting up. “I can sleep on the sofa. It’s no trouble.”
Mrs Hudson will have a fit when she sees the table.”
John didn’t fully realize what it was until Sherlock’s finger was on the trigger.
John reached for him again almost immediately, touching the outside of his bare leg with a gentleness he would have appreciated more under different circumstances. John was kissing his neck beneath the line of his hair, and stroking his hip with the same reverence. It felt sweet, nearly sweeter than he deserved. But he had waited too long, and was not interested in being gentled and teased. In a fit of impatience, he reached for John’s hand and led it back to where it had stroked before. John let out a surprised huff of breath in response, but was a natural at taking direction.
Except they’d been close enough for her to walk in on him in the bath. And she’d sat on his lap. And they. Well. They had kissed.
He could tell now that Magnussen found his dismissal amusing, like the prey asking the predator if they would kindly leave. Magnussen held out his hand. He reached to shake it warily.
“Very good, Mr Holmes. It was a tradition of sorts. Charles, my – my husband, he would leave me a single flower, more recently it was always a red dianthus from the garden, whenever they started to wilt. He’d leave them for me in the kitchen when he left for work before me,” she says lowly.
However, the unfortunate side effect of moving rather than hanging was that it drew John’s attention. At the first extension of Sherlock’s wing to catch his fall, John’s head shot up. There was a short startled yell and then, ever the soldier, the body Sherlock had wanted a bit of peek at had crouched lower.
“I’ve never seen anything,” Anderson stated, eyes roaming around the room, and the door, like a trapped animal.
Part of their routine was to be unbroken then, despite the cold parting of the day before.
A highlight of those early days came in the form of a letter – a contact made via Mike Stamford of all people, of whom he was now rather distantly fond. The idea of attributing his and John’s meeting to Sebastian irked him greatly, so he instead gave the distinction to Mike Stamford’s postcard, their unofficial way of introduction.
“Oi! Enough of that!” John yelled, though his voice came out muffled through the helmet. John once again tried to squirm out of their grip, but again, the alien did not let go so easily.
“If I’m such a
Once John had processed the comment, his interest was piqued.
“Oh, you poor man,” she said, affecting a look of exaggerated pity, which annoyed John more than if she had put a curse on him.
In his mind, this action was a clear signal that his conversation with Moriarty was over, and that he was welcome to leave. This was apparently not understood.
Pulling a feather loose from the pillow beneath him, John tucks it behind Sherlock’s ear, and resumes:
“When did they find her body?” he asked.
“No, I think I’d rather not,” he said, finally moving away to walk down the stairs whether Moriarty was done talking or not.
John kissed his forehead, a gesture Sherlock had once mistaken as platonic, which he now found decidedly romantic. “I’ll see you in a bit,” John promised. “We’ll move on from this. Maybe we’ll go somewhere soon, get away from this place. I’ll make all this up to you, somehow.”
“A ‘surprise’,” John choked out, but couldn’t finish the thought. John’s breathing began to come in short, uneven inhales and exhales, till the man was practically gasping. He realized John was visibly having a panic attack, and Harry rushed forward to draw John away from the sight of him, and into the drawing room.
“Well,” John said, fully dressed and lifting his rucksack. “I suppose, so am I.”
Now that John had showed himself capable of dancing without his cane, guests begged him to take them for a turn about the room. He watched John be swept away by the elderly cousin of a countess (as she had been telling people all evening) as if from afar. His duty in dancing with others was also called upon, though he couldn’t remember who he had danced with beyond whether they were wearing particularly offensive perfumes or possessing of sweaty hands.
John withdrew slightly, but remained close enough that when John licked his lip, the other man’s tongue swiped across the corner of his own mouth. He felt his life divide into two distinct segments: before and after being kissed by John Watson. The entire world was composed of only the points of direct and indirect contact between himself and John: John’s breath warm against his face, the tip of John’s tongue tantalizingly close, the smoothness of John’s freshly shaved cheek. He leaned forward to chase it instinctively, but John pulled back from him, as gradually as he had approached.
He leaves the lights off and softly moves towards the entrance to the extra bedroom.
There was a certain thrill to being of interest to ‘SH’. John couldn’t help but want to keep that sharp mind turned on him. Time to up the intrigue.
“Yes, most peculiar,” Sherlock says sounding puzzled, which to John is never a good sign.
John had tried an internet search as soon as he’d been able, but it hadn’t turned up anything. He’d gone to a bookstore to try to purchase a copy of the last novel, A Study in Pink, and once more found no one had ever heard of it. It was like it had never existed.
“We've argued in a circle,” he said. They’d arrived back at the original argument, in fact. This was stupid. “Somehow this all began because I broke a cupid in the morning-room. If I hadn't broken the cupid none of this would have happened.”
Does he need to stage a distraction? Or does he need one to be made for him?
John sniffed, one nostril flaring. “Yeah that maybe tipped him off—and
There was no electric light, leaving the ante room dim, and illuminated only by the soft glow from the bedroom. The windows in the bedroom were open, and the long, white curtains let free from their ties. From Sherlock’s vantage point by the wardrobes, the fabric fluttered in the breeze, the curtains’ ends just touching the fresh bouquet of flowers on the dressing table. Next to the vase was the pair of old shoes Sherlock had found outside his door that morning.
At first the man maintained eye contact with him, unblinking, before eventually dropping his gaze. Those shark-like eyes trailed up his body, focusing on certain areas for longer than others.  The direction of the man’s gaze never went higher than the hollow of his throat, before returning back down once more. The look in the man’s eyes was simultaneously lecherous, and clinical.
,” he snapped. He wished he wasn’t like this. He wished he were cool and calm, laughing over the whole thing like it was nothing.
“That’s great,” John griped, tilting his head back, his helmet resting against the ground. “That’s just perfect.”
Oh, John touched him often enough in a sweet, kind sort of way that would likely be more than acceptable between family members, but he did not touch him in the way he truly wanted. John had said they would move slowly to make up for the rushed nature of their marriage, but he hadn’t realized how slow John had intended.
“Just like when you didn’t give us all the facts around Howard’s disappearance, leaving out that bit about the flowers. I think there’s still more you neglected to mention,” John guesses largely on a hunch but the silence on the other end seems to say he’s right.
? You only heard that the one time!” John interjected.
“I know what you’re doing, and it won’t work,” he said, infusing his voice with confidence he barely felt.
John and Sherlock drifted in the air, suspended for several seconds. John, having made the mistake of looking down, let loose a string expletives, and clung to Sherlock’s arm.
A soft
“No,” he replied evenly. If there was one skill he had mastered, it was no longer reacting to mentions of the past Mrs Watson. Or obvious attempts to rile him. “Do you, Lady Norton?”
repeatedly, but it only took him a few more deep breaths to recover. The moment Sherlock drew back from John’s splayed legs, John had dropped to the ground beside him, and was insistently pushing him down onto the bed of fallen azaleas.
> Really, did it :-)? I should look into that. But that doesn’t answer my question. What’s “a little younger”?
John, feeling cheeky, couldn’t leave it at just that.
for,” Sherlock said in frustration. He tried one last time. “Let me come with you John, I don’t mind.”
“What’s that?” Harry called out, as she made her way over to their couch, “you won’t tell her your costume? You’re going to be wearing it shortly aren’t you?”
“I don’t think I said ‘undeniably,' and do you actually have my blog memorized?”
In Sherlock’s clutches, John was catapulted up past the top of the highest building, nearly losing his cane and wits in the process. The henchmen chasing them were crushed by hard stone in the ensuing meeting of the walls, which John could only assume was Sherlock’s doing.
“My father hasn’t spoken English since I was a child. I told you I’d known it once and had deleted it. I thought I could relearn it when it became necessary, which
For a moment Sherlock was concerned he was experiencing an episode of arrhythmia. That wasn’t right - it was
He wondered what John would say or how he would look if he knew they would never see each other again. Would he smile wistfully, reminiscing over the weeks they had shared together? Or would it be just another time in his series of travels, avoiding his home and his grief, all the world a blur to him?
Watson’s eyes darted up from the paper to marvel at him, waiting in suspense for his answer.
Fine! As there was no difference either way, Sherlock settled on truth. He was tired of lies.
Sherlock had purposefully misguided him, clearly to get him off the ship and away from learning of the actual reason for the alarm—and John wanted to know why.
“No, Sherlock. I’m wondering if I should have brought rose petals to scatter on the bed, but other than that, there’s no problem.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he was smiling again soon enough after.
“I’m not leaving you,” John insisted, even as Sherlock untied the boots and threw them to John.
He slipped his hand into the bellhop’s pocket where he could see the outline of the necklace.
The answer to this mystery is shortly revealed before his eyes. The man moves silently to the side of the room closest to the living room, and slides back a panel along the bottom of the wall. Similar to the hatch in the floor, John hadn’t noticed any sign of the panel previously. It is just high enough for someone to shimmy out of on their stomach. Instead of shimming however, the man kneels to peer out of the opening presumably to see if anyone is in the living room. He then moves the panel back into place, and presses his eyes to the various holes in the room’s walls. Once satisfied, he exits the room through the open door.
Living separately would have made this even more unbearable. So, instead of checking on his spores in the kitchen, Sherlock sat on his bed and sipped. The syrupy sweetness and metallic tang were the same as always; the coldness he was still getting used to. It was never very pleasant, even if it was hot. As he drank, his nose scrunched up and his mouth rearranged itself into a moue, not unlike a child being forced to eat his vegetables.
This at least he was able to catch a brief glimpse of, and he would have been able to recognize that suit sleeve anywhere. The arm had belonged to Moriarty.
he asked. His bottom lip continued to jut out, likely in an attempt to gain John’s sympathy. It mostly just reminded John of a spoiled child.
Alone in his room, he set out to ‘obsess over the obituaries’ as Wilkes had put it. If there was a suspicious death of some kind in the papers, he could distract himself from the lingering secondhand disgrace he still felt. He refused to think of how awkward and uncultured he must have seemed to Watson, a truly competent and self-assured man.
John’s hand stilled, and his posture relaxed. Sherlock was actually trying to be considerate. Which was, still,
“Friend?” he asked, his eyes sliding sideways to John, incredulous.
When the domed ceiling of the palace became visible, a bulldog fell into step with him, and followed him through two left turns and a right, down the city streets.
“I thought I was all the other possibilities,” John quipped, remembering Sherlock’s earlier comment about him having ‘lied’. Sherlock chuckled, before his intent stare was focused on John once more.
“No, though you may guess. You don’t get to know, seeing as you’re being
“Wouldn’t that rather defeat the purpose?” Watson responded.
Moriarty scoffed. “Below her. Not in your
“Fear?” Lestrade asked, as if the suggestion was ludicrous. ”No, she was not afraid of anything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Suffice to say, John was now well on his way to learning to unwind. And, having just luxuriated in the memory of how unwound he could be, Sherlock now felt that it was as good a time as any to collect on that promise.
“Did you know it’s almost entirely self replicating?” Sherlock asked with childish excitement.  “There were a few starting pieces in one of the ship’s drawers, and the printer was able to create the rest of itself on its own. Neat.”
There hadn’t been one last year,
“What?” Sherlock is looking slightly more sure of himself again, a small smile beginning in the corners of his mouth.
Chapter 3 to come some time after the special, but as we'll all be dead by then, I can't make any promises
“But why?” Sherlock repeated. “Why kill your own associate, whom you had been working with for years?”
- like you wouldn’t believe! I went to look for Mr Watson, to warn him that she was still away, but there were no lights under the library door. So I came here, and knocked on their door. I asked Mr Watson about her, worried as I was that she hadn’t come back. But Mr Watson wouldn’t open the door. He yelled through the door that she’d be spending the night down at the cottage, because of the wind and the weather. She used to spend many nights at the cottage, and would sail in anything.”
“Poor timing,” John said, and Sherlock breathed out a laugh at that as well.
For Allison & Falka, as promised, here's a bonus chapter of established relationship bat slapstick comedy, the halloween special episode, bat 4: far from the maddening bat.
This was an unsettling observation - it was as if he were really at Manderely in spirit as it would be now. At this thought, he found himself to be in spirit quite literally. He was able to cross through the barrier of the gate, seeping through the bars like fog drifting in. His travel was unrestricted though the path had been usurped by the natural world, with gnarled roots and branches reaching out as if to impede him. He rather wished they would. Perhaps if he had been more corporeal, more firmly in the reality of the decrepit place, he would have known what to expect at the end of the journey.
“Well, mainly what I have already told you, about your limp, and that you lived at Manderley, and–,” he stumbled forward, “and that you had lost your wife.”
The counter argument was simply
Only, when John paused to rest, and looked back down over the way he had come, the scarecrow was no longer lying in the bush.
He had believed in a Mary that didn’t exist, a Mary whom everyone adored.  Mary, the ideal wife, whom John still loved – not this other woman who had, apparently, wanted John dead.  Which was the real sticking point. The details made sense, but the motive did not.
John blinked. Kingsbury was nowhere near Market Chipping. “Why are you living here if you have a shop way over there?”
Sherlock was still adrift. He remembered the other-other John, dressed as John was now, leaving him in a graveyard when Sherlock needed him the most. Even when Sherlock had begged him not to go.
“These elaborate fantasies. You must tell me if your condition worsens, Sherlock.”
John climbed the twisted steps, and walked into a dark room, illuminated only by the glowing translucent goo seeping into the fireplace.
Mrs Hudson only tuts at him. “You know, it’s not unusual to get like this about someone. You’re just a bit of a late bloomer, I’m sure you’ll sort it all out. Have a cuppa.”
“And the surprise I take it is our immediate departure from this hotel?” he asked. He had aimed for bored, but wasn’t sure if he succeeded.
courtesy of bruna
“Did you?”
The next set of emails were written and received so quickly that the response time approached the speed of a conversation.
“Not on your life,” he replied, feeling his smile grow and grow. Oh, but this was going to be fun.
John was finally looking into the face of what had caused him to practically live on BAK 2212 on and off for the past several months.
Sherlock asked a flurry of questions, whatever came into his mind: Were there any traces of blood? (No, as John had carried salt water back to the cottage, and scrubbed at any marks he could find.) Had truly no one helped John at all with the boat? (No, John had wrapped his shoulder, crudely, running on pure adrenaline during the setup, but had patched himself up on return to the house.) Had anyone ever seen his shoulder? (No, no one had helped John with the wound, and so no one knew of that either. John had sewn stitches into animal hide as a child, playing doctor, and had miraculously managed to do it himself, though apparently not until after much trial and error.)
“Man Line, who do you fancy this evening?”
Moriarty smiled, and paused his pouring.
“The new one’s come home early, for some reason,” he heard Moriarty say, boredom evident in his tone.
“And you know what your death would mean to me,” Sherlock returned, each word spoken vibrating in the space between them.
“Still a bit shy, I understand. Don’t worry, I know just the one for you. If you have any particular requests, now’s your chance.”
John waited a moment, and knowing Sherlock could see his face, lifted his brow and turned up both his palms in the gesture for “what?”. Sherlock held up one finger signaling for John to wait, before they drew back the face of the crater’s outcropping like a curtain. Where there had been solid blue rock before, there was now what appeared to be an entrance to a cave. The sheet Sherlock had pulled off must have been capable of mimicking the appearance of its surroundings, just as Sherlock could, and had been draped over the front of the opening.
Dirty talk, John remembered. This was meant to be him interpreting dirty talk.
“Walk?” John shouted over the wind. “What, on air?”
“I’ve been framed!” the accused cried, speaking for the first time. Fighting against Watson’s strong grip was futile, and the bellhop was now blinking and flushed in a way that suggested waterworks were shortcoming.
He heard the sound of Lestrade’s gait along the outside corridor, and then him entering the room.
He drew away from the bed and the bedroom, returning to the dressing room with the wardrobes. He opened one of them to find the wardrobe still full of clothes. Evening dresses, gold brocade, wine-coloured velvet, and white satin, long enough to reach the floor. The wardrobe smelt especially musty. It was like the azalea scent of the nightdress, but old and faded. He closed the wardrobe and returned to the bedroom.
He had a feeling that shortly Sebastian would comment on the oddities of old money, to a loud chorus of agreement.
read comic books about an army doctor in Afghanistan?”
And so, he managed to keep very busy, and the days passed smoothly without any of the past unpleasantness.
> Oh, then you must have a topic in mind?
John did at least seem somewhat shocked that his approach was successful (as he should have been). “That’s it, yes, okay just stay there for a little longer,” John coaxed him, ever gentle in his handling of the broom. “Okay, bat, just hang on…”
This was perfectly fine, he repeated to himself, as he stared at the used handkerchief on the table. For a spiteful moment, he wished he’d used the one he’d found that afternoon instead.
“What has?” he asked, his apprehension poorly concealed.
“That’d be a bit sad, yeah,” John replied, mouth lifting back into its earlier smile, and Sherlock’s slowly responding in kind.
John had been hoping for more of a reaction at this point, and without one, floundered. “I mean, I’ve never been out, but I think the label often used here is bisexuality -”
“While house additions are a lovely touch,” Irene interjected, in a tone that implied the opposite, “I think it’s time to do some real work to resurrect your protection spells.”
The case. He reaches to his side where he can feel Sherlock’s scarf and hair.
, John. I was studying the ship.” Sherlock made sure to face John, effectively hiding the long, blue-purple tail that had been protruding from the back of the coveralls, over top of the sleeves tied around Sherlock’s waist.
He rather resented that. He imagined the dog had returned there, to sit by the settee, based on memory. Gladstone recalled a different time, a time when there was an elegant woman writing letters in her chair at her desk in her pale yellow morning room. She would have written her directives to the household staff and messages to London, occasionally reaching down to feed Gladstone sugar cubes.
“Parents, plural?” John asked, his expression turning quickly from confusion into concern.
John hadn’t returned yet, and he wasn’t going to, not tonight. Just like he had known what was within the case, he knew exactly where John had gone after the party, after the guests had left. Where John would go to prepare before telling him “things”.
The poacher’s smile in response was filled with crooked teeth, and a touch of surprise. “Have you grown attached to it? You’ve rather shown your cards there mate. Now I don’t even need to point a weapon at you. You’ll put yours down on your own I think.”
“Peculiar,” John said, his voice high and strange.
It was Mary, always Mary. He would never be rid of her. If she had been alive, he could have contended with her. If John had loved some other woman in London, who he stole away to and slept with, he could have at least fought for him. The woman would have weaknesses, flaws he could expose - but Mary would always be rendered eternally perfect in memory. And she was not something he could fight and win.
“Mr Watson, what do you make of this statement? Do you have any knowledge of previous damage made to the boat? Who was responsible for the boat’s care?”
> Well. So, you may have gathered this from what I said already, but anyway. I’m bi.
The memory of Janine sitting in Sherlock’s lap in the dark leather armchair opposite, Sherlock’s chair, was still fresh in his mind. Sherlock smiling up at her, adoringly. Reaching up to lightly, affectionately, touch her nose.
“Yes. Or, like I said, I can’t account for anything at all any more. It’s more than just, the flowers, I feel, oh I don’t know how to explain it,” she breaks off in frustration.
“Where’s John?” he asked Lestrade, barely glancing at the man who had addressed him.
“It’s fine,” John said, before Sherlock could launch into an in depth analysis of camera lenses and their weaknesses. John smiled to show that it was fine, all fine. John even winked, to make it clear. A living emoticon. “Despite all that distortion, though, you still recognised me.”
“Yeah, sorry, my mistake, what a fool proof plan that was,” John commented, hands settling on his hips. “Must you always prove you’re clever? And I suppose you mean, the poacher was working for someone? The person who hacked the company’s system?”
John wants to know why everything is creeping the hell out of him lately.
Sherlock grimaced, but the legs did come. Sherlock’s left leg spun out with the motion, crossing over his right thigh once he had settled.
to know. The man practically looked
“What -” John said, startled and then confused. He held up his hand, as if to pause him. “Hold on - what exactly do you think you know?”
visitors?” he griped. “And I’m certain I do better at discouraging people than you.”
John paused, licking the corner of his lip.
(See the end of the chapter for
Irene smiled. “There, that wasn’t so bad was it?”
John thought that might be a pretty good starting point, actually. “John,” John said again, pointing at himself.
They were going to arrive in the late afternoon, just in time for tea.
The man’s eyes went wide, round like saucers. Despite acting like he’d been caught in the act, the man shook his head just slightly.
John is feeling for the edge and pulling the wallpaper away from it completely. The door obviously hinges inwards, to open it he has to do is find where the knob had once been–
“Yes,” Lestrade responded, and he was fully alert now, trying to suss out what he was being asked. Lestrade clearly suspected this conversation might not end well.
John returned. He felt his lips tilting up at the corners.
“Of course he longs for a party in his honour! What young man wouldn’t? And you’d look exquisite in a black mask,” Lady Norton raved, leaning further into his personal space.
John thought, for perhaps the hundredth time, that Sherlock’s extra arms would have made this easier, but still Sherlock stubbornly remained with two.
He would have liked to point out that Wilkes hardly ever played tennis, let alone well, but as always restrained himself.
. His anger and revulsion momentarily seethed, and he gripped her forearm and pulled her close on the next swing.
“Please refrain from a ‘now that’s using your head’ pun, John,” Sherlock says with a rough voice.
“Great. I think I’ve had just about enough of this.” John rises to his feet, entirely finished with this useless and vaguely unsettling encounter.
This second ‘something’ was a striking man wearing an ill-fitting suit and a sardonic expression walking across a Monte Carlo hotel sitting room toward him. John hadn’t felt much of anything in a long time, so the immediate spark of interest came as a surprise. But then, he had always possessed an eye for the clever, gorgeous ones -- whether he could swing it with them or not.
> Maybe I’m not up to speed on internet chat etiquette, but usually, it’s nice to let the other person know when you’re leaving.
“You know what? Forget everything I’ve said to you this morning. That’s all over now. I’m ready for that to be over. God, let’s never talk about it again. And look, my family calls me John, and I’d really like for you to do the same. You’ve been formal with me for long enough.”
Well….John had suggested he touch himself.
Fans worldwide expressed their displeasure, and John was no different. He wrote a long, strongly worded criticism of the ending, which in no way helped, and which he then deleted almost immediately after. It ate at him, no matter what he did—why hint at Sherlock’s vulnerabilities, why show glimpses into the man’s potential, if only to throw it all away on a surprise death battle of wits? John knew the answer of course; the point was that Holmes’ tendencies should have put him in his grave years before. Sherlock had always been a ticking time bomb, a reckless disregard for his own well-being his only constant companion. Risking it all, just to feel larger than life. John hated him for it, but only because it had got him killed.
Luckily the shuttle ship’s hatch was not speedy, and was still dropped open enough for John to grab onto the edge, and hoist himself up. Luck was in his favour again as the hatch’s safety mechanism kicked in, lowering the ramp and giving him the opportunity to climb on. John walked up the ramp till he stood in the entrance of the small spacecraft.
“No, not from this wing,” Moriarty said, and he realized he must have spoken his observation allowed. His habit of talking to himself was something he might have to curb if he was to be always surrounded by servants.
John continued to tentatively stretch the broom over to him, and when it finally arrived, Sherlock uncurled himself and grabbed hold with one clawed finger. Slowly, Sherlock allowed himself to lean forward onto the broom’s bristles. If John had known even the first thing about the creature Sherlock currently resembled, he might have clued into this being unusual behaviour. Luckily, John was fairly ignorant on such topics, and lowered the broom handle with him on it with bated breath.
> Right. Back to why I want to massage a bloke’s prostate, and how.
“Quite well,” he murmured, having forgotten there was another person with him at all, and wishing to be alone.
). She spoke loudly enough down the phone line that Sherlock could hear her, and her outlook, which was that the verdict was of course ridiculous. Harry must have always known Mary for what she was, which made her certain that Mary would have never committed suicide, but still naive to the true alternative.
“My silence on your interest in the art forgery business, and on the subject of your relations with one of the women you drove here with.”
“I – I don’t know what you mean,” he said, though only a moment later he caught his implication.
Watson had even convinced him to play the violin for him, but just on the one occasion when the sitting room had been relatively empty. He had agonized over whether to play the most technically complicated pieces in his repertoire, or to play popular tunes Watson would recognize, and later decided on a mix of both. The recital in the end was extremely brief as a crowd had started to form, causing him to immediately cease playing and shut his violin back in his case. However, even the annoyance of public attention had been worth it for how loudly Watson had applauded.
Okay. There was another bird. Not a peacock. One of those brownish, blond ones.
“Mr Watson, you should come have a look at my car,” Magnussen suggested, his lips tilted upwards at the sides, almost smiling.
“Only you think that,” Watson replied, eyes crinkled with mirth. Calming himself, he placed one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock felt his body tip into the one point of contact.
He didn’t provide a response, instead moving forward into the room to meet John mid-way, where they stood in front of one another. John was beaming up at him, and he couldn’t help but smile back. He realized they hadn’t been separated for a night since they’d been married, and he didn’t know what their greeting was. He felt the overwhelming urge to lean down and give John a kiss, but he wasn’t sure how this would be received. Perhaps a hug would be appropriate? He could settle for that, or clasping each others’ hands?
“Well, aren’t you going to do me?” Watson would say, urging him on.
John follows closely behind. Once aboveground, he can see Sherlock in full view and is overwhelmed by the sight of him. He pulls Sherlock to him tightly, breathing him in. Sherlock leans into the hug as best he can with his restraints, but soon cries out, “John! Behind – “
for him. It had been weeks since he’d gotten so much as a ‘brilliant’ out of John, could anyone blame him if he’d hoped for some praise?
Sherlock drew back, hands still clamped on John’s arm but attempting to loosen. His fingers felt stiff, gripping too hard for too long. He gingerly dabbed at the corner of his lip. Some of John’s blood had escaped. He licked the finger after, to catch the last of it. Only minutes before he’d felt sick, weak, helpless. Now, he felt incredible,
“I’m sorry for last night, John,” he pleaded. “I didn’t mean to, but I am sorry all the same. I’m sorry I snapped at you, instead of - apologizing.”
This one was a two-weeker, but man it was long. My turn around time for the next one may be shorter, but we'll see xoxo
“Not for awhile. You haven’t slept in weeks,” Sherlock said, voice low. “Enjoy it while you can.”
“Looking for this?” Watson asked in high spirits, holding the squirming bellhop up for inspection.
"John,” the Hudson scolded, “that’s hardly a reasonable amount of time to wait before contacting the main base.”
Clara clapped happily, and John’s eyes lit up in intrigue (
Sherlock was mid transformation as he dropped into the other armchair by the fire. His head tilted back against the chair, exposing the pale column of his throat, and drawing attention to the black scales framing his face, jutting out around his head. His legs extended out across the floor, two bird-like feet where there was usually shoe leather.
John looked at him as if he were the one who was being baffling. “Sherlock, how could I possibly?”
“Hmm,” Moriarty hummed. “The acrobat was just the medium.
“They were expertly orchestrated, seemingly random, but with someone at the source pulling the strings,” Sherlock began. “What if there was someone planning these crimes for people, a consultant of sorts. Someone well connected with powerful allies, but always hidden from the public eye.” His mind returned to Irene Norton’s words from the night of the ball.
The rest of the night continued on in a whirl, the costumed nature of the evening creating a strange sequence of snapshots in his mind. A Tudor woman in dark velvet, spilling champagne on her husband’s mistress to the Destiny Waltz. A sailor swindling an Arabian knight at cards to the Blue Danube. A phantom stubbing out a cigarette in an overflowing ashtray to Vienna Blood. It was truly to be waltzes for hours. He dreamed of escaping to the terrace for a cigarette, but his torment did not cease. If he had to hear Strauss one more time, he thought he might break a violin in half. He was saved from committing this sin to an instrument by the fireworks on the lawn, when the band finally paused for the guests to rush out to the terrace. He used the opportunity for a smoke break, unable to enjoy the abrasive lights and sounds through the night air. They had been meant as the climax of the evening, but little did their guests know, that had come and gone long before they had even arrived.
A slow smile spread across Sherlock’s face, and they turned onto their stomach and arched their back.
“Delusion?” Sherlock filled in, snappish. If John was done with him now (and over a bit of blood drinking!), Sherlock would rather they just get to it rather than go through the list of every possible other explanation.
“Sherlock,” John whispers, wanting desperately to know the other man is safe and sound.
> Yes, without a doubt. Incredible.
And thank you to Soli & Fae for the read over, this chapter is a particularly long one and I appreciate it muchly <3
Annoyingly, his arousal had not in any way subsided after finding his dream to be somewhat a reality. If anything, it was more insistent. He suspected he was not going to be able to fall asleep any time soon. Which was fine, that was all fine. They would both just need to sleep it off, he reasoned, and act like this hadn’t ever happened.
Watson did not seem to mind his strong grip, or the vehemence of his speech.
John stuffed the gun into the back pocket of his coveralls, after making sure the safety was on. He and the in-ship Hudson bot were really going to need to have a talk.
She hesitates, and moves to sit down again in the chair across.
What had he been doing? He felt as if between John leaving, and this exact moment, several weeks had passed at the very least.
The feeling of John’s release inside of him should have been unpleasant. It wasn’t. When John began to draw back, Sherlock instinctively held John tighter, not wanting him to pull out. Realizing John would now be over sensitive, Sherlock did relax his grip, letting his legs drift down from where they had held John like a vice.
Sherlock’s embarrassment feels almost palpable when he begins stammering.
“We - ” John started again, motioning between the two of them.
“Who was that text from?” John asked from behind a newspaper. (Though Sherlock would have pointed out that calling it a newspaper was
> And how’s it going?
John’s eyes shone bright in the low light. John cleared his throat, and ducked his head. And yet, Sherlock thought dryly, it was him who was supposed to struggle with feelings.
Brilliant deduction that. Wow us some more.
He eyed him, quizzically. Was it even normal to be spoken to like this?
Perhaps John wasn’t hiding at all, but rather was waiting for the confrontation.
“Why would you ever write stories about me, and why would people want to know of my failures?”
As luck would have it, he was.
He imagined Watson’s pastime of choice was driving for this very reason. Watson was always free of limitations when behind the wheel.
With his strengthened hearing, Sherlock could also hear the faint humming through the door, and it was surprisingly nice. John had a rather good singing voice, and Sherlock just wanted to be closer to hear him. It was simply a matter of cracking the door open on a particularly loud hum, shifting into his other form, and fluttering in.
“Fine. Then, we’re fine. It’s all fine.” John smiled at the end, likely to reassure him. It worked.
The mood was somber as John and Sherlock turned back to watch for a moment. In the abstract, it was a beautiful sight, Manderley alight. From further away, the fire on the horizon could be mistaken for an early sunrise.
Sherlock’s first reaction to his own statement is to wish there was a way to rip up words that left your mouth before they reached anyone’s ears and to chew them up. His second reaction is that while this was not something he had known before now, the events leading up to this moment did suggest this was very much the case. Why was there always one more deduction than he was expecting?
John must think he’s insane - he’s silent, what is he thinking? Why must it be so dark?
“So glad you approve,” John replied, only pretending to be offended. “Well, shall we continue?”
Lady Norton: a name he had heard, but a face he had yet to see. A famous socialite, with quite the reputation if even the people in the county were gossiping about her. She would likely be exhausting, but could also perhaps be of use.
“You’re abnormally attracted to dangerous people and situations, John. We hadn’t yet … and we hadn’t had a case in so long and, you weren’t – But then, as suspected, when you thought we were in danger you finally made a move – “
John’s fingers trailed along his own jawline, tilting his head to the side to illustrate.
John paused, eyeing the lead attached to the dog’s collar. “Where did you get twine for Gladstone?”
Sherlock had been successful in keeping John out of it regardless, even with a one-time slip up. Sherlock blamed the cats, who only accepted payment in the form of tinned fish. John had caught him mid-transaction, but had luckily misinterpreted it.
John mirrored him by rising from his chair at once, and crossed the floor at a surprising speed to grab ahold of him, completely unassisted by his cane.
Once they’d passed through the sea of red, the drive broadened, and with one last turned corner Manderley itself was in sight. The painting on the postcard had been entirely accurate in its depiction. He could see terraces bridging the gardens, and the gardens continuing on to the sea. As they approached the front of the house, he could see a group of people had assembled, all standing at attention, and leading to the stone steps. The strange blood-red entrance had distracted him from his uneasiness, which now returned with fervour.
While he had expected the dusty interior, he had not expected it to be completely devoid of any boating equipment. No ropes or blocks or oars. Instead, he found himself in a furnished room, complete with a desk in the corner, a table, chairs, a bed-sofa, even a dresser. As if someone might have lived there. There was however no sign of recent occupation. He could tell there had been no fire in the rusted grate for months, no footprints in the dust covered floorboards, and the sofa-bed had been largely eaten by rodents. The plates and cups on the dresser were blue-spotted with the damp, and cobwebs clung to nearly every surface.  Simple conclusion: no one lived here and no one ever came here.
The appropriate response was to wait for the bot’s timed return to the loading dock, as it was possible of course that the bot was still continuing on its route. John barely managed to wait that long, the excitement of a possible outing thrumming through him. When it didn’t return on time, John waited under a minute before hurrying back to the Hudson to grab his kit.
Sherlock leaned forward to signal he was intrigued, and to hear Watson better, though in doing so he nearly slipped from his chair. With a steadying hand on the armrest, he prompted his friend to continue. “Yes, Watson?”
“I did not come this way,” he said, and he had once again given himself away.
Second: Sherlock duly informed the trunk-necked man that Sherlock had puzzled it all out, and that it had not even been difficult to conclude that Mr Wilson had stolen the novelty Princess Diana pottery figurine (purchased from a reputable antiquer in Coventry in 1999) from his own home. Not for profit, of course, but because Mr Wilson could no longer stand seeing the monstrosity behind the display case in their dining room.
If Watson had been about to say anything he was unsuccessful, as Wilkes cut in to inform him that Mr Watson was joining them for coffee, and would he go and ask a waiter for the third cup?
Through the kitchen again.
“Come on my chest,” Sherlock demanded raggedly, finally spelling out his intent. John genuinely
“The boy who was killed,” Sherlock said, in a very delayed moment of comprehension. “They never found his shoes.”
He descended, taking his place next to John on the sofa.
“I’m not hungry.” He was thinking, about what Lady Norton had said, and Harriet as well for that matter -  he had to think….
“You’ve given me part of your mass then.” John eyed Sherlock’s body. There didn’t seem to be anything missing.
Sherlock gripped John’s arms, turning him till they faced one another.
“Everyone knows that Wizard Holmes steals hearts!” his patient cried, almost toppling from the stool she was perched on in her enthusiasm.
An hour passed with no sign of Sherlock. John alternated between standing from his seat with every intention of going back out to find him, and then sitting back down, remembering that he had no way of knowing where Sherlock was. Each time John stood, the bulldog stood as well, and every time he sat back down, the dog would fall back down to the floor.
The only trouble with the lack of conversation was his mind wandering, and once they were in the car Wilkes’ words from the night previous came to his mind unbidden. The accusation that he had been too forward in their conversation, and suddenly he interpreted the quiet in the car quite differently.
“Bored?” John repeated absent mindedly, eyes once again sliding to the left as he watched the end of a blue tail pass the bridge door’s circular window. “Oh, I’m never bored.”
Sherlock chivalrously continued to hold the camouflaged material back for John, motioning for him to go in first. John walked into the dark opening without a second thought. He realized belatedly that his trust in Sherlock was the kind that could get a man easily killed, but just as before, he didn’t dwell on that thought for long.
They traveled Monte in Watson’s car most days, which greatly sped up his own planned collection and observation work for his time in the city. Watson was a surprisingly patient and attentive assistant, and hardly ever chastised him for acting uncouth, or dirtying his knees on the ground. They got on like a house on fire.
“How long have you been receiving these dianthuses?” Sherlock asks in a low voice.
As he fell back into the upholstery, he found himself lying supine. Blinking, disoriented, Sherlock recalled why Watson’s claim to disavow matrimony had rung untrue.
Tentative, hesitant, he said, “Yes?”
Irene rolled her eyes, and turned on her heel to walk down the newly elongated stairs.
“Sherlock.” Though John was now stern, the dark, humanoid forms around him only grew in force.
“John, skip ahead.”
“Well, I rather like one, whether it’s necessary or not,” Sherlock replied, and John found himself laughing. Sherlock would, wouldn’t he?
Burnings, mostly.
“You mean, you won’t tell me what you’re wearing before?”
Mrs Hudson was going to be very pleased indeed.
John leaned forward in his armchair, elbows on his knees. “Who made you like this?”
“Where are you going?” John called after them. The Hudson was a decent sized ship, but there weren’t that many areas that were comfortable to lounge in. So where was Sherlock off to then?
The other officers have already moved inside and John motions for Greg to do the same. He continues to observe John with obvious consternation for a moment longer before following suit.
“I’m well aware of the
“And he hasn’t been answering his mobile?” Greg asks, concern for John, not Sherlock, etched in features. John feels a right arse for not feeling more sympathetic for Dr Davenshaw. This house makes people seem mad.
What about men?
“No, I did,” John insisted, and, wanting to return to their light mood, “I was thinking about how much of an idiot you were, getting yourself killed for no reason.”
He’d have to find another stick, and soon. His good leg couldn’t support all his weight for long, and especially not uphill. It was growing dark, the mist was thicker the higher he climbed, and there was still no sign of Wizard Holmes’ moving castle.
The papers in London had luckily never run photographs of them, and no one expected the Monsieurs Watson to take up in an eclectic space of no particular significance. Hiding in plain sight, as Sherlock had told John, worked like a charm. Sherlock didn’t mind the changed lifestyle, and if anything, it was preferable in every way. He had never known to wish for it, or to think that they could be so happy, and his life so occupied with mentally stimulating pursuits.
John wasn’t sure that everyone knew that, as he certainly didn’t. “And what does he do with all those hearts, I wonder?”
John laughed. There was a warm feeling in his gut where the booze had settled, and he was enjoying himself, speaking to this odd person. Honesty came easier like this, with a bit of a buzz, and with someone he liked. It was beyond bizarre, really. John didn’t get on with people easily. He had a tendency to rub them up the wrong way, in fact.
“I beg to disagree,” he replied, not yet prepared to dismount, though he suspected that would be how this played out.
_______
The man’s eyes dropped from John’s as his chin tucked in towards the side of his neck. With the demure look firmly in place, the man flashed the sheet upwards impossibly quick. John only caught sight of one pale cheek—briefly—before the sheet dropped back down.
Sherlock smiled in relief, and reached for John’s arm once more. John’s usual polite and courteous persona he used with company was obviously nowhere to be found. Sherlock had been right in thinking he would need to work doubly hard on their public face.
Greg looks surprised, but not overly so.
“A ball in my honour?” he replied, nonchalant. “How could I say no.”
“Loyalty,” Sherlock repeated. “You mean…?”
,” he snapped back, pulling on her strong hold of his forearm, “the costume was not intended to be a joke.”
He’d been caught off guard by the shuttle’s in-ship bot, which had been lurking along the side near the entrance, nearly indistinguishable from all the other junk technology in the ship’s main area. John struggled, but the bot’s strength far outmatched his own.
>> description: route bot disabled, emergency repair required
He realized it was something similar to what he might do to Gladstone. John liked him, rather in the same way he liked Gladstone. A pet to give pats and affection to, when it was convenient.
Get to it faster.
“Except?”
John couldn’t decide which was more cringe-worthy; his sister’s general existence, or the reply from his former semi-girlfriend on the post, which suggested that they grab a bite at the Orient Express sometime (topped off, of course, with a winking face and many kisses). Christ.
you get that idea?”
For whatever reason, this was the straw that broke the camel’s back. He decided he did not ever want to see the bishop’s wife again. He didn’t want to see any of them, ever again. He didn’t mind if they thought him rude and ungracious for not returning their calls. How the upper-class could act so low in his estimation was astonishing. They only came to call at Manderley because they were curious, prying gossips. They stared at him, assessing his looks and manners. They liked to watch how John and him behaved with each other, their small eyes hunting for clues - did they seem fond of one another? Were they very much in love? Was it anything like how John was, with Mary?
Had this been overly invasive of him? He had a habit of stealing people’s things when they annoyed him, and rarely felt any guilt for it. It had been in Watson’s glove compartment, hardly personal.
John motioned to the sofa behind them. “Sherlock, I’ll sleep down here tonight. Take your bed. You look tired.”
He was beginning to question whether he had made the best choice of confidante. Maybe he should have chosen an idiot and whispered the idea in their ear, but what was done was done.
Sherlock melted into the next press of lips to his jaw, his cheek, his forehead, and finally, his lips, boneless with relief. John was working with him now; John would take care of things.
didn’t feel like quite the right thing to say, considering.
“You didn’t like the other ones,” Sherlock said, as if responding to John’s unspoken thought.
“Ah. There the two of you are,” Colonel Barclay called from the front door of the house, with David in tow. “I wasn’t sure if you’d needed to take off.”
Mrs Hudson sighed. “Archie, you’d better come help me in the yard for a little while.”
“Yes, ever the soldier.” The man’s eyes swept over him in one dismissive glance.
“Harry’s right - perhaps I’ll show you sooner rather than later,” he said, with a little smirk he couldn’t resist.
Sherlock seemed awfully put-out by that. John wondered if Sherlock had honestly traveled into Earth’s greater territories purely out of curiosity.
John giggles. “You don’t say?”
“You were jealous of John,” Sherlock declared. “And you still are. Oh, but you like to have a partner in crime, don’t you? You said you thought I had potential. Two geniuses in a row who prefer John to you - that must sting a little.”
He turned down the East wing, and along the corridor to his room. He removed his suit jacket woodenly, throwing it over the back of the armchair. His wig and his white suit still lay in a pile. He should probably discard them before John had to see them again.
John could see that it was, and that the page appeared to have been torn out from another book, and given a new home.
“This is a - a setup! And you’re all in on it!” David exclaimed. “Watson lets this man wander his property however he pleases, of course he wouldn’t rat him out!”
A few weeks’ time was by far the longest he had ever been asked to stay out on a job. Working in uncharted space explorations continued to be much less exciting than advertised.
Sherlock helpfully shimmied his hips, allowing the trousers to be pulled down to his thighs, low enough for John to lean in and nuzzle the black boxer-brief covered cock within. John’s lips traced the edge of the crown, and moved lower, barely touching, but feeling Sherlock grow harder against him, filling out as John continued. John was flattered to find the material was already a bit damp, and licked a stripe from root to tip through the pants to dampen it further.
“Have I?” he asked, surprised to hear it. “And why couldn’t it be the wife herself?”
But Sherlock’s hands were flapping, signalling John to come up. John hesitated, having no idea how he would fit, and he was
. Which required a brief mental exercise. “Hold that thought,” Sherlock instructed John, and resting the tips of his fingers against his temples, eased his way into his mind palace.
Oh God, small talk about the weather.
“That’s not at all how we met,” Watson was saying, pipe resting between thumb and forefinger. A familiar scene was before him; Watson in the chair across, a fire roaring on his right. He had been here before.
He at first let John set the pace, with languid movements and soft kisses, but when it became clear it would not be nearly enough, he began pumping his hips in time with John’s downstroke. His breath came out in pants and small groans, but he was far past the point of caring about making noise. John lying close to him every night and never touching him, the sheets smelling of him, John kissing him that very day and then leaving him behind. It had all caught up to him and was boiling over into a hot and heady need, which he was unable to resist when he was half-awake, and half-mad with want.
“What would you say—that is, how would you—” he broke off, eyes squeezing shut. He couldn’t second guess himself now. “What I’m trying to say is, I believe there is still a danger to us. Close at hand.”
“I’ll come too,” Sherlock said, moving to rise from the chair.
and the sound of gunfire rang out, and Moriarty crumpled, his right leg collapsing underneath him. Sherlock craned his neck, unable to see, but knew who his saviour was regardless.
The staff’s attention was somewhat divided due to other guests departing the hotel at the same time, which Sebastian was of course being abominable about. An older couple specifically, who actually needed the aid of other personnel in loading their belongings, were waiting for the return of their stolen assistance. The couple however appeared largely unfazed by Wilkes borrowing their help. Perhaps they were actually relieved -- he realized that the wife was staying behind for a few extra days, and they were happy to have a few more moments with each other to speak parting words.
“You and your obsession with my unsolved cases!” Sherlock cried. He shook his head, agitation only increasing. He had to think, think,
, Sherlock, you - you -”
Sherlock rounded on her then, face twisting into a dreadful sneer. “And why should we care? Do you have any idea what you have—” Sherlock broke off. “Can you even fathom it?”
The line in his headset clicked; he was about to find out.
He nodded. Of course they would, they were living together after all. John left, leaving him to his own devices. He was soon to learn that his own devices were to be the theme of his time at Manderley.
“Do you? Well, I’ll leave you to your solitude then. Do you know,” Magnussen added, seemingly apropos of nothing, “it must be from all that tea, but I’ve got quite the full bladder.”
“Quick, back through the door!” Feathers sprung out around Sherlock’s neck as he spoke, and wings unfurled from his back. “I’ll take you there, it’s quicker this way!”
Well, you just have.
He headed back across the lawn for the second time that day, and once again with a mission in mind. He knew who the stranger was now, but not what he had been doing here with Moriarty.
He dreaded John’s going for the rest of the day, and the night. And when the morning came, he watched the car disappear round the curve in the drive from his bedroom window. He didn’t like to say goodbye to John properly in front of all the servants. He didn’t trust his own impulse control. He couldn’t be sure he wouldn’t make a fuss and beg John not to go.
“And then they’ll know I identified the wrong body,” John concluded. Solid John, John who knew what that would mean, and that he would need to confront it.
John nodded, his tongue touching the corner of his lip.
“I don’t want to go there. There. Is that - are you happy now?”
John finally, finally, understands.
Sherlock returned to his chair, without any conscious choice of his own behind the action. He did know. He had known all along. John, in the future, who was very much real, sitting in a hospital chair.
What an absolute nutter.
“John, dear,” Mrs Hudson said, watching this display with thinly veiled amusement. “Sherlock will make it back to the castle. He always does.”
“Wizard’s henchmen. These ones in particular are meant to round up all the rogue, heartless wizards shirking their duties. They’re my constant companions these days.” Sherlock paused, though only to wink in John’s direction. “Can you run?”
“You said the only possible explanation was that the house is haunted. You seem a very reasonable person, and not prone to superstition. What would make you suspect such a thing?” Sherlock returns to his pacing, which John can tell is rapidly turning into his usual deduction performance art.
“No, John, it made me hesitate.” Sherlock said it as if it was obvious, as he said everything, even when it was quite extraordinary. John slid closer, hand reaching out to cup Sherlock’s lovely, well-defined cheek, and kissed him for it.
“Only what she repeated as she left,” he replied. “That I was quite different from what she expected.” Her expectations were something he actually would have liked further clarification on.
John in sleep had turned towards him, and carelessly thrown an arm over his waist. He would have liked to enjoy the unintentional embrace, and forget all about Lady Norton, but a strategy had formed in his mind - and he required her assistance. And it would be for the best if he could have a private moment with her before John joined them. He gently lifted John’s arm, and slid out his side of the bed. He changed into a less rumpled suit, and set the little alarm clock on the bedside table to wake John five minutes from then, before exiting their room and leaving the East wing.
John finally signed,
As an afterthought, “And Mycroft?”
He was not entirely sure he understood what had just transpired. A very peculiar servant, to be sure. He was quite used to people hating him, but not before they met him usually.
John suggested.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Would you not also agree that the next logical conclusion is that someone that evening had intended for the boat to sink?”
,” Moriarty groaned from the bed, one finger tracing the ‘M’ in an embroidered pillow. “I thought you’d never slip away. I can’t believe how slow you’ve been, Sherlock.”
Goats are more agile, so yeah, he’s impressed. The goat saves him.
“Whenever Mr Watson goes away and you feel lonely, you should come up to the rooms. You have only to tell me. The way they look now, isn’t it like she never left at all?”
John blinked. Sherlock fell back onto the bed, an arm thrown over his face. The rest of his explanation was mumbled into the crook of his elbow.
John didn’t know what he was doing, but he did know that he wasn’t bored anymore.
“Will you?” he asked archly, not sure he’d been under the impression John had ever been much involved with the party planning before.
As he walked through the entranceway it occurred to him that there were far less servants about than usual. More of Moriarty’s orchestrations?
“Tell them I’m not at home, and that I won’t be home at any other time they call,” Sherlock answered, without breaking eye contact with Moriarty.
He scowled and turned his head to observe the passing scenery. Watson deserved a bit of a cold shoulder after the strangeness of the other day. And he had been forced to spend the rest of the evening reading a book of silly love poems, all because Watson didn’t have anything better on hand to steal. His peevishness was entirely for these reasons, and these reasons alone.
the dusting. It occurred to him that Moriarty likely wouldn’t want to get his hands dirty.
. Be precise.”
“I might ask,” the Colonel began, annoyance now apparent, “why you didn’t mention this evidence while you were present at the inquiry yesterday. Why would you not show the letter in court if you were so certain?”
“Does starting at the back and moving to the front apply here as well?” John asked, chin dipping down toward Sherlock’s lap.
“Moriarty,” David answered.
John left him to finish bathing without his assistance, forgetting Sherlock’s comment about the boots entirely.
the man signed, with a marked absence of any kind of formal greeting. ‘
The slam of a door and the pounding of feet (heavier on the left, carrying milk) up seventeen steps (creak on the fourth) confirmed he had been right to relegate himself to the bedroom.
When John did answer, his voice was choked with restrained emotion. “I suppose I must.”
Watson offered a small smile in response. He observed that Watson was not easily overjoyed, but did seem at least fond of his friend Stamford as some of the expression was truthful. A tightness about Watson’s eyes and mouth spoke to his discomfort, and boredom, at having to socialize. He knew the feeling.
“Did you get it?” John asked, the timbre of his voice much deeper than was usual.
After the first incident, Sherlock came to the conclusion that he would have to stop trailing John in his other form, at least for some time. John had seen him now, which was a terrible slip on his part, and meant he couldn’t very well be seen again. Even with his significantly lessened observational skills, John might eventually notice that a bat was following him everywhere.
Producing additional limbs as needed was the sort of thing John would have been inclined to file under fiction. Apparently, he would have been wrong.
“I don’t like to?” he repeated, a crinkle forming between his brows. “It’s - it’s you who doesn’t like to. You’re the one who doesn’t ever want to talk about it.”
>> dispatch: Hudson
“Of course, like a true Englishman, you depreciate your home so we can’t accuse you of being prideful. Isn’t there a minstrels’ gallery at Manderley, and some very valuable portraits?”
“I believe Mr Watson liked her best in silver and whites. But of course she could wear anything. The velvet was particularly fetching. Feel it against your face, the scent is still fresh, isn't it? You could almost imagine she had only just taken it off. Did you go through her underwear, in this drawer? The pink set she had on when she died. They were torn from her body in the water, of course. There was nothing on the body when it was found, what with so many weeks gone by.”
John looked the guide over and noticed that below the initials, there was a postscript.
“She was a very composed women,” Murray responded. “But yes, I would describe her as unwell and distraught that day. She - she pushed past me to leave, and wouldn’t hear anything about repeating the test. It was quite unusual.”
“Yes! Oh, good thinking,” Stamford commented, looking between the two of them with a grin. “Heaven knows I’m not in the shape I once was.”
Moriarty shrugged, and began pouring the cannister out over the dressing table chair in the same way he poured a cup of tea. “Hmm, if you get it wrong, I think you and I will have a smoke together.”
He walked towards him, and boldly, sat on the arm of the chair not occupied by the paper. He leaned over, and tucked his head into John’s shoulder.
Sherlock shushed him, looking around as if they might be overheard, and then tucked his chin against his neck to peer back down at his mobile. John continued to stare at him. And stare.
While John appreciated Sherlock explaining some things, he had truthfully already guessed everything Sherlock had told him, and they had left everything of real interest out. As John left the cave, watching as the ship once more became an outline in the dark, he had a feeling the ship had not be lawfully taken on this little excursion.
Sherlock watched out of the corner of his eye as John’s gaze drifted to his neck, where a single droplet of water was currently making a trail down to the hollow of his throat, before it snapped back to the tile again.
“Have you been making alterations?” he asked, a bit alarmed. He of course realized John had communicated their arrival to the house, and had required additions to be made. Boring things that he imagined John would be responsible for - but he hadn’t known John would have made large changes to his home. That seemed highly unnecessary.
The man is completely knocked out cold.
Watson listened to the plan with rapt attention. “And neither the drawer, nor the box, had been forced?” he asked at the end of the explanation, to Sherlock’s delight.
Things he already knew. Time to get to the heart of the matter.
Lestrade was looking away from him again, towards the house.
The room may as well be a black hole in comparison to the soft light in the constricted hallway and Greg has to shine a torch through the doorway just for them to see inside it. John forges ahead across the threshold.
It might have been wishful thinking, but as the man raised his hands to speak, John thought he seemed reluctant to end the call as well.
John stopped once more, drained by his ongoing confession, having spoken more in one conversation than he had in weeks. “Do you understand what I’m telling you?” John asked, his voice raised. “I hated her, but I never divorced her. I debased myself for this wretched place. I put Manderley first.”
, even if it was vaguely incriminating.
John hummed. Did Sherlock actually not have it, or was he playing dumb? He had to be sure.
The man holding the overhead handle to his left, exposing his armpit and its sweat stains (not to mention
” he shouted, pushing his hands into his hair, and cutting John off entirely.
“Yes,” he said. “Yes, of course, Moriarty,” but he knew this was not what Moriarty had meant to say, and silence fell between them once again.
“I’d forgotten,” John murmured. “But I already told you. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
He needed to support John. He had decided this morning - he was going to grow up, and be the good man he always had the potential to be. His own time for devastation and misery had come and gone last night and earlier this morning, but John’s was only just beginning. Part of killing his nameless self was facing all his fears, and his self esteem. This was his last chance to do right by John.
Sherlock eyed him quizzically, but still looked expectant for the forthcoming praise, which he had already gathered from reading Lestrade’s lips.
Sherlock bit his lip, and coaxed himself to say the words. “I truly am sorry, about that as well as everything else, but I am being honest now. Will you let me John? Or is it too late?”
“What news of the ship?” he called out, as he dashed down the last part of the slope. John turned his head to see him, wearing that alarming, unreadable expression he had unfortunately grown familiar with.
“My father was a lovely and unusual person, but my parents are both dead,” he replied. Admittedly, it was his middle name, but his father had chosen it.
“I had a spare,” Stamford explained, in an attempt at re-entering the conversation, “which has since gone missing.”
The sibling bickering was straining the atmosphere a bit, which he wouldn’t have minded in the least, except that there were narrow lines forming around the sides of John’s mouth. He was after all familiar with sibling sparring, and how annoying they could be.
Sherlock rests a hand on the mattress in between them. Near John’s waist, not touching. Maybe I don’t feel much like sleeping.
“Sorry, who are you? Someone from the company?” John felt the muscle in his right jaw twitch, and mentally urged it to still.
John was calm, not bothered in the least by what was about to be given. He pulled his jumper over his head, ruffling up his hair. John continued to roll up his long sleeved shirt beneath.
“Yes,” John confirmed. “I can hear you, but he can’t.”
He couldn’t stand the thought of it. Being a burden, nothing more than that sad lonely boy picked up in Monte. He could bear anything, but he couldn't bear that.
“We’ll take the case Dr Davenshaw, please leave the keys with us.”
After watching John mouth those words, the man’s lips parted even further. An unbelievably low moan filled the silence, originating from somewhere deep in the man’s chest. His blue eyes looked pitch black on John’s computer screen.
“The master has quite the jealous streak, to still get in such a tizzy over men who knew Mary coming to the house. Can you imagine, being that
It was no hardship ignoring the rest of Harry’s texts, nor was it difficult avoiding the comments section on his blog, where Harry and Bill Murray were mouthing off. John ignored them; they weren’t the target audience of the post. John just had to wait for Sherlock to read it, and hopefully ignore the other comments. Then, Sherlock would surely not be able to resist commenting on a post entirely about him, or send a chat message teasing John.
I’ve been—and if I simply asked you, do you know what you’d say? Great. Fine. Dandy.
John’s fingers retreated, careful to not “run” through the hair, and sunk back in a different place. He was meant to repeat five to six times, and so he did. On the fourth try, Sherlock rumbled, “You can scratch harder than that,” but otherwise allowed himself to be touched in silence. Promising, considering Sherlock seemed the type to boss him about, had he been doing it wrong.
“What about your fire demon?” John asked, not sure why this meant she had to stay at the castle. “Aren’t they supposed to make you all powerful or something?”
Lips turning up at the sides betraying his urge, John asked, “What?”
“Well,” Harry said, breaking the silence. “Gladstone could use a swim to get some of that fat off, but he’d find it a bit too much for him in the bay, wouldn’t you Glad?”
Her smile was all lips, none of it reaching her eyes. She didn’t elaborate.
“That’s not going to work.”
It didn’t matter what had happened last night, or this morning. He could move past anything, do anything, as long as John was safe.
“Yeah, go ahead,” John said. It was vague enough to encourage the hotline worker to leave, while still pretending they were continuing their roleplay to the man on the video call.
> Why do I feel like I played into your hand here?
John took the scissors from Sherlock’s hand outstretched hand, and used them to snip at the back of his head. His once blond hair was now mostly grey, which was made more evident when he handed over the silver strands.
“She wrote his number in the back, as indicated by the asterisk, but without the exchange. We’ll have to try every exchange in London with the number till we find a Murray.”
,” John admonished.
John’s hand spasmed, which he quickly attempted to hide behind his back. “How do you figure?” he bit out.
Sherlock’s entire body turned blue for a brief flash, and John instantly felt warmth seeping through his suit, through the point of indirect contact between him and Sherlock. John had never felt anything like it before. It was exceptional, and painless, and when Sherlock drew their hands away they slumped against him as if all the energy had drained from their body.
Sherlock waited while Moriarty walked around the bed, to where he then leaned against the bannister.
“Right.” John was surprised, but glad, to find someone so welcoming in the strange place. He was glad as well that the wizard really was the same man he had met that day in the alley. “Shall I start a fire then?”
“That settles it,” Colonel Barclay said with finality. “What say you Watson?”
, for one. That was also reasons two, three, four, and onwards. John also couldn’t fathom why someone would create a character who so clearly sought the appreciation of others, only to give him none. They had all willingly consumed a dark comedy about a lonely anti-hero figure, but John’s own version had grown so far beyond the constraints of its canon that he couldn’t accept that reality.
The witch had not given John her name, or the name of the person she thought could help. She hadn’t needed to, considering she’d done an excellent impression of him in her exit.
” Sherlock replied, not unlike the affirmations Sherlock had been crying out earlier. “John, really?”
There were slippers on his feet and one of Mrs Hudson’s fine roasts in his belly. His fingers reached for his pocket, where he found his watch. It was late in the evening, and he couldn’t recall what he was waiting for.
“Mary shot me,” John said. “And I shot back.”
John smirks to himself before turning around.
Sherlock was able to watch John’s eyes open, bleary and confused at first, before they fell on him with recognition. John’s disorientation transforming into warmth before him was well worth it.
Clara was shyer than her partner, inclining her head slightly in greeting with a murmured, “Hello”. Her gaze was no less observant than Harry’s however, and seemed to study him for a moment before appearing relieved.
“The external stimulus,” John prompted, nails continuing to skim across hidden skin. “Being massaged by someone else.”
He would prefer unknown men to be as far away from his dog as possible. Long boots, a sou’wester, dressed for the wet - a fisherman, likely. Gladstone paid him no heed, preferring to run around the strange man in circles while barking. The man didn’t seem to mind, and simply continued bending to scrape at the shingle. He would have to go down and extract Gladstone himself, it seemed.
Even before his exile, John’s hand would tremble at the passing mention of it. That likely should have warned him, but he had misunderstood John so deeply then, and in so many ways. The behaviour had been curious, and he could never resist the temptation of the mysterious. Especially if at the center of the puzzle was the key to the most interesting man he had ever met.
That was, of course, until something did.
He had much better success with describing his deduction process. Their routine in Monte was in full swing in their new home. John would ask, in amazement, “But how did you know the brother had done it if he had a green ladder?” or some other such thing, and he would walk John through it with as much flair as possible. After all, John was a romantic. He had to make him feel like they were on an adventure, even if they were just sitting in the library.
“I still don’t understand,” John said. Magnussen glanced at Sherlock briefly, as if to ask what he saw in such an idiot. The look grated on him almost as much as the outrageous suggestion.
John thought that was rather a weird coincidence. A bit like the last book. The one Harry was claiming she’d never heard of.
“Oh, good,” Sherlock said, continuing to gradually heat three degu legs on a skewer.
to be with you, and not despite this, but
Sherlock’s shocked expression transforms completely. He’s now smiling his real, genuine smile, and his eyes are shining with unconcealed affection (the kind that still bowls John over whenever he sees it.)
John worked him through the tremors, and he shuddered against him, knowing that if that were true, anything in the world could be fixed.
The ship took another hit to its side, and John seized his chance. Putting all his faith into the placebo effect, John rose onto his bad leg just as his gun slid back to him. Grabbing it just in time, John stood and aimed straight at the poacher.
John was not a patient enough man to handle discordant tones and Sherlock in a dark mood all at once—and Sherlock was clearly in some kind of a snit.
“Well hurry up if you’re coming!” John shouted, before closing it, and standing back from the greenhouse exterior. Not long after, henchmen smacked into the glass, and began to bubble out through the cracks around the door’s edges, which while alarming, at least bought them some time.
“The parties! So much entertaining. Though I managed it for her, she did so love to supervise things herself.”
Sherlock turned his lower body, so that he sat fully facing John, able to see his incredibly shocked expression.
Now onto John's POV
For perhaps the first time in his life, he understood the appeal. But it had nothing to do with the desperate hunger roiling in his gut. The idea of it being John’s.... John,
And then finally,
“I understand it’s considered… too direct to suggest someone you are interested in break up with their partner. I wanted to plant the idea that, perhaps, you and your girlfriend weren’t interested in the same things.”
“I’m pretty sure you know I’m not the type of person to try to be funny at breakfast,” John said. “If anything, I can be badly tempered. The choice is still yours. Go to America with Wilkes, or come home to Manderley. With me,” he said tapping the table with his hand in emphasis, and now looked at him fully, directly. That honest blue-eyed stare. But how honest was it, really?
“Now that you’re here,” Moriarty continued, “let me show you everything.”
“Right, well, sorry you lost your star pupil,” John said. “But give it up. He’s not coming back.”
“Sherlock, of course I’ll stay.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” he said, with a false carelessness. “Let’s stop this.”
They came in synchrony, their grunts and groans barely audible over the continued shrilling of the telephone.
John resisted the urge to grin. John could still see part of Sherlock’s tail, and was able to watch it disappear in time with Sherlock’s legs returning to their normal thickness as it retreated into their body.
“I guess we still don’t know what’s breaking them then,” Greg commented, his face cutting out periodically due to the poor signal reception on BAK 2212.
“Nothing. Well, even if it does sound like a hoax, haunted houses and all that, I suppose you can’t resist a locked-room anything, can you?”
“We’re not out of biscuits, Mrs Hudson just brought some up, and what did you just say Sherlock?”
John reduced his pressure, until his fingers no longer touched. Hovering, uncertain, above.
“The papers,” John said, his mouth twisted into a smile. He was furious. “That was a reporter, asking me if it was true that Mary’s boat had been found, and that a body had been found in the cabin, and who the body might be. They already know! How is that even possible?”
“Good night.” Sherlock’s chin dipped forward onto his chest, and John wondered if Sherlock might just stay in the chair all night, dozing.
Sherlock flipped up the corner of the sheet on the right side of the bed in a methodical and painstaking way, folding it over neatly, before slipping beneath the sheets. John felt himself smiling, wondering whether that was part of Sherlock’s routine, like his vanity potion index in the bathroom.
A glance back at the warship confirmed Sherlock was right; to John’s alarm, winged wizard’s henchmen were being spat out the back of the warship like watermelon seeds.
“I’m not questioning you, or your commitment,” John said, stroking the top of his cheekbone with his thumb. “I’m just afraid I’m not giving you enough. You like a bit of drama. Not much of that here. It must be… difficult.”
“Yes?” John asked again, but his hand was already resuming its path downward, till it finally skated across his erection, jutting up from his nightshirt obscenely. He exhaled harshly as John lightly brushed his hand over him, drawing down and then up, stroking from the root to the tip, pausing over the growing wet spot in the cloth.
Sherlock says: I want to know what you’re thinking. Always. I’ve misjudged—not you, but your thoughts, in the past. You think I’m so high above things, but you know better than anyone what an
. Try sir, try and see. I’d love it if you tried. I’d enjoy watching you, when you realize
Sherlock jerked his head up from where he’d been inspecting something on his thigh, before his gaze slithered off to the side once more. “Might I ask... why you were so fond of them?”
It was easier with his face hidden, to say all the things he felt. That way he didn’t need to see John’s reaction, with John’s chin on top of his head. “There has never been anyone but you,” he whispered. It was so quiet in the library. “You’re my friend, my companion, and my colleague, when you like to be. All of those things.”
John laughs wryly, utterly charming. “Haven’t you ever seen old cartoons with the damsel tied up to a railtrack by the baddie, and the hero has to save her? What happened just now - yeah, that’s about the most romantic thing anyone has ever done for me.” His tone is lighthearted, but he still manages to convey a strong emotion that Sherlock cannot quite place.
They stared at one another for another thirty seconds of silence, before both dissolving into a fit of laughter.
Or at least, he had been, before he was rather rudely interrupted by a snort to the right of him (and a full head lower, he might have added).
He felt himself crossing a line he had previously shied away from, especially since moving into the house. But he felt like pushing John, digging a little deeper. If John wouldn’t talk, he would make John react.
His melting process was well underway; he was almost completely fluid in John’s arms. Except, he at once remembered –
“Lovely seeing you Jim. You know how to get… in touch.”
“It’s fine,” he said, not knowing for sure what exactly was fine.
John had been willing to sacrifice everything for Manderley, had withstood the worst of marriages for it, and once John had finally been able to reclaim his family home in spirit, Magnussen wanted to take it from him. No move could have been better calculated, better chosen, to cause more pain. Magnussen had found the perfect sore spot. The greatest humiliation.
“No, I didn’t! You fiddled with my bottles and now everything’s out of its—I had an index!”
The light drizzle of rain on the moors created the illusion of an unseen boundary around the structure, as if there was a layer between the odd construction and the air.
That had of course been the state of things, to the best of his knowledge, when he’d first arrived. Mary’s ghost no longer clung to him, as long as he remembered John loved him. The old version of himself would have wondered if John had wanted to be alone at Mary’s burial for sentimentality. Sherlock needed to remember that John was a private person, and that he sometimes needed to do things his own way. But then, old habits did die hard.
“I,” Sherlock began, “haven’t the faintest idea.”
Revenge was best served cold, somewhat like old cow tongue.
“Go look,” Sherlock suggested. Snapping his fingers, the wheel turned to pink, and clicked into place.
As John had known to expect, Sherlock was no longer on board. John carried on to the ship’s center hallway to the bridge where the in-ship Hudson bot was waiting for him, and appeared well enough at least to nag him. “Oh, the two of you running in and out, and letting these alarms go on and on!”
“I have to! You know that. I work for a blasted salary, and I can’t afford to leave him. It’s this or some other hell of my brother’s choosing. Presumably this is the better of evils,” he replied, calmer by the time he reached the conclusion. He had accepted this already, he was not going to expose his frustrations. This wasn’t part of his planned departure from John.
John caught him when he slipped slightly, dropping his cane, and quickly grabbed the sides of his face in both his hands. He gasped, giving John further opportunity to deepen the kiss.
“John,” he started, “I’m asking you to begin again with me today, so that we can face things together from now on. I promise I won't ask you for anything that you can’t give, nothing beyond the warmth and constancy of your friendship. In turn, I vow to always be your friend and companion. But to do this, I need you to let me help you.”
Sherlock’s “Shut up,” was delivered with a munch. Crumbs sprinkled down, dusting the lapels of his suit jacket. The idea of reaching out, and brushing them off, did cross John’s mind, but Sherlock beat him to it.
Slowly, as if not fully corporeal, a body pressed up against him from behind. He knew it was John from feel alone, and from the head that only reached his shoulder. He was spun around by small, strong hands, and his face tilted down for a kiss. He realized belatedly that he and John were both wet, soaked. It must have been raining in their painting, though he couldn’t remember when it had started. All he knew were John’s lips, kissing him warmly and languorously, as if they had all the time in the world. John, the genius, shifted slightly to the left, slotting a hard leg against his groin for him to press against. He groaned, and with no self-consciousness, began to grind against him. The sweet slow kisses grew hot, more forceful, and he drew John as close to himself as possible, feeling his aching length thrust against John’s thigh. As his hips moved in their addicting rhythm, he felt a hand sliding up his back, and into his hair --
“Sincerity," he scoffed. "I assume you mean my brutal honesty. Do you think people find it sincere, being married in a hurry in Monte Carlo, and being alone there in that hotel beforehand? But, perhaps you don't count that?”
> Yep. An arrogant sod, you are.
“I see we’re being a bit of a brat today,” Watson commented, while proceeding to do exactly as he was told.
First: a balding man with a neck the size of a tree trunk opened the door, and asked who they were.
Except—as John shifted his weight to his left, it didn’t buckle under his weight, or even twinge. He really was fine.
“What do you mean?” John asked. “You don’t even know what the spell does until you solve it? God, you really must be a genius to get anything done like that.”
“I’d just got back from London,” John began, looking deeply uncomfortable, and anywhere other than at Sherlock. “Someone had seen her out with one of her many lovers. Luckily, they’d just assumed it had been a family member and nothing untoward, but I knew I had to confront her about discretion. I went down to her cottage the moment I got back. I took a gun with me, in case one of her affairs was with her, just to - God, I don’t even know - I suppose, to scare them off. But she was alone, and looking for a fight. Well, more than that, seeing as she actually
“Oh, that, I just thought…Traditions aren’t so bad are they?” Sherlock hedges, leaning one knee on the bed where John is still lying down.
Lestrade led him out into the hall, and nodded to the stairs where Moriarty was waiting.
Sherlock proceeded to critique all aspects of the film—from the storyline to the acting, even the projector quality—despite never having seen one before. This sort of behaviour would have normally driven John mad, but John found himself laughing at half of Sherlock’s remarks, or shaking his head ruefully. His discouragement of Sherlock talking during the film ended up not being particularly discouraging, and so Sherlock continued with fervour.
It would be simple, or so he continued to remind himself. It was hardly an issue to locate and extract palpable metal fragments so near the skin. Now that the coroner knew him, he’d been practicing his approach and his stitch work on corpses, till he was certain he could perform the task with absolute perfection. If possible, he wanted to avoid inflicting any more damage than the likely harmless bits of bullet would, if left in John’s shoulder.
He got off the train before John’s stop and waited on the other side of the platform for the train heading back to Baker Street. There had been no reason for him to take the tube today.
