Dean exhaled, and a heaviness that he hadn’t realised had been tight around him dissipated with the breath.
my highest priority. Once we have him back, we can figure out the rest but I won't consider a plan that puts him at risk."
feel strange, no matter how many times Dean told him that it was creepy, he could sense Dean's longing, his relief. He
“Good afternoon, do you have an appointment with us today?” asked the woman at the till. Her dark hair was drawn back in a ponytail so tight it looked almost painful. She didn’t even glance at Dean.
. Sam thought. This creature that knew only pain wanted him to die screaming. It wanted to tear pieces from him and devour his agony. It—
It felt like all of his blood drained to his feet at the same time his heart leapt. Feeling somewhat nauseous, he swiped at the screen and held the phone to his ear.
"Are you all right?" He muttered quietly, barely audible over the crackle of flames and popping wood.
Cas zipped up the duffle and swung it onto his shoulder. Then he walked up to Dean, cupped his chin and leaned forward to press a kiss into his hair before reaching around him for the doorknob and letting himself back out to throw his bag in the trunk.
"Alright." Cas said, but instead of lowering his hand, in a flash of reckless longing he tugged Dean in by the shoulder and wrapped his arms around him, tight.
Cas pressed his lips together and blinked the mist from his eyes. "Well, I'm not going anywhere yet," he said, trying to keep his tone light, "you know, I think Sam told me about a natural history museum that was somewhere around here. How about we stop off? Maybe get some breakfast?"
, and already knowing the outcome must have been too dull. But how to give these humans autonomy so that they could be watched or ignored as their Creator wished? The angels had their grace, of course, but most human bodies were not compatible with such a thing, and grace was better for groups, not individuals.
didn't like how he'd screwed up every good thing he'd tried since Jack fried the pages. It had been a fitting end for him, he'd thought, even if he didn't like it; like going back to Hell, it was a fate well-deserved. Plus, blaze of glory, saving the world in the process, there were worse reasons to go out, and he could've rested easy (or as easy as possible with an archangel slamming you around a metal coffin) knowing that Michael would never escape.
They left the bar soon after and followed Dylan’s directions, setting out on foot towards a crop field. The sun was beginning to sink behind it, adding a red sheen to the tips of the golden wheat stalks and turning the dirt path rusty. It was probably as close to beautiful as this place ever got but Rowena wouldn’t use the term herself. There wasn’t nearly enough foliage. The few trees there were sparse and brown with drought, or spiny, with only the barest hint of green. Plus, they might be out in the middle of nowhere, but there was no direction in which she could turn and not see something that had been warped by humankind. Which was strange, because she found cities beautiful. But if Dylan was to be believed, the place they were headed was supposedly the most romantic view in the whole town. Probably because there was no way to actually see the town when you got there.
"Yeah," Dean said, "I remember everything else, coming home after is a little fuzzy though but I remember everything from when we arrived back here."
He kept walking, yanking his feet from the sucking mud to keep moving forward, the trees along the road began to bow and creak as the wind picked up. He was following the lightning. He knew it was close, it had to be. He hadn't felt a storm call him like this for a few years now. After a while he squelched off the path and into the forest, heeding the call of the thunder. It seemed to rumble his name and he quickened his pace. He had
"How is Dean even going to try to get into Heaven?" Sam asked a few minutes into their journey, "I thought the sandbox was closed."
"Divine upgrade,” he said with a shrug. “Looks like the guy upstairs thinks a gun just isn’t playing fair.”
So Dean set a timer on his phone, went to grab a shovel and a trash bag and made his way outside, not bothering to put on a jacket. The chill air was nice on his damp, overheated skin, as long as he stayed mobile. Dumping his tools, he skirted the outside of the bunker to the garage and started to lug the large bag of fresh gravel that they used when it got icy out. He probably should have asked Cas for help with this thing, he thought as he grunted with the effort. Inch by painful inch, he dragged it out front, where the driveway was marred with blackened piles of ash and charcoal. He stared at them a moment before getting to work, scooping up several burned out logs and a small pile of ash and shoving it into the trash bag. There was no point in keeping the ashes, even if a family member wanted them, the pyres had been loaded up, there was no way to guarantee that they'd get the ashes of the person they wanted. Besides, hunters knew better than to keep remains. Still, it felt… disrespectful to just shovel up people and chuck them in the trash. Usually they did this part together in solemn camaraderie, the company of another person enough to keep the grim thoughts at bay.
"Yeah," Dean sighed and jotted down a quick note on the chart before placing that down on the tool tray too. No way he could concentrate on the car with Cas wanting to talk about the big stuff, "but not tonight." He lowered the hood of the corvette and scratched at his arms with the rag. The itching was getting worse. Normally he could lose himself in the mechanical work, but there was the sharp tang of copper in the air that he couldn't place and the crusty itch of his arms. He turned back to Cas and smiled, "Wanna grab a beer or something?"
It was large enough she supposed, and did indeed smell of lavender, which was pleasant. The view over the town left something to be desired though, and there was no balcony. The main room was a touch plain for her tastes but it would suffice for a night or two while they regrouped. The kitchenette consisted of a mini-fridge, a counter with two cupboards underneath, a basket with a selection of tea, and a coffee machine. There were several framed pictures of lavender fields on the walls and a bunch of fresh lavender cuttings in a vase beside the phone.
"I know you would." Cas said, his voice cracking, "honestly, if it were just my life on the line then I'd take you up on that."
"Yeah, well..." Dean hedged, a sarcastic smile on his lips, "since when did we ever get what we deserve? It ain't about deserve, Cas, it's about what's right. And the Mal'ak box… I don't wanna get in that thing, but it is what's right."
"Look," he began, "If something is making you leave then we can fix it. You know who we are and what we've done, do you really not think that we'd pull out all the stops for you if you wanna stay? I mean, just look at Dean."
This feeling happened in all sorts of situations: in the kitchen while Dean created something new from the fresh ingredients Sam had just brought, or glancing over at him in the cheap motel room after he let out a particularly loud snore, or in the middle of battle, fire in his eyes as he brought his blade down with terrifying justice, or watching from the backseat of the impala while he pushed his entire soul into singing along to his favourite tapes, or a sarcastic remark to lighten a grim situation, or the way he would laugh off a compliment, although that particular scenario brought with it a bittersweet anger and Castiel never felt quite as warm afterwards, or even during an argument, face flushed with fury, voice raised as though his point would go through if he just stated it loudly enough. Thousands of moments, hundreds of situations, dozens of variations, but it only ever brought one thought,
Dean had scoffed at his little brother, but after a week of not sleeping, snapping at everyone, puking his guts up and sweating what felt like half his body weight, he had to admit that maybe Sam had a point. Withdrawal was a bitch, even if he kept that term firmly to himself.
to talk, to fight. He wanted them to end up screaming at each other until they were both drained and empty. He wanted rid of this horrific tension that was keeping them as taut as bowstrings about to loose an arrow, but Dean was too scared to hear it, and he was even more afraid of whatever he might end up saying in the heat of the argument. He couldn’t bear to watch the last of whatever affection Cas still held for him blink out.
Sam's lips quirked at that. "I know," he said quietly, "as wrong as it is, even after everything Michael did, I would rather have Dean."
Sam's smile leaked across his face one more and he even chuckled softly, "I forget that you can do that. You know, you're gonna have to teach Jack Enochian, and I'd like to learn too if you wouldn't mind. I know a few of the letters but…"
It was only after they’d moved into the bunker however that Dean began baking. Before it had always been a shop-bought cake for birthdays; less so about the ingredients after he’d been issued his own fake card and more about the fact that there was no practical reason to drag crap like mixing bowls and rolling pins all over the country when they needed the room for ammo.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I thought you were hunters.” Isla’s gaze was steel. “Except hunters don’t usually get paid. You wanted the lucrative business arrangement, this is it. But of course, unless you need something from me that falls outside the budget of a scam credit card, you need never take me up on it.”
All the colours in the room: album covers, the spines of dusty books, the clothes in the half-open closet, had been sanded away, leaving everything yellowed and fuzzy and dream-like. Or maybe it was the music, the notes from the record player in the corner were slow and kind, tentatively pulling themselves from the vinyl and into the air to kiss the one that had come before, before it too was replaced by the next.
myself be happy. If it's a conscious decision then I just won't make it and it said it wanted to wait long enough for me to forget. I have a
“Nice peach fuzz,” he said, grinning, tapping Cas on his bearded cheek. He tried to ignore the way Cas’ dumbfounded expression sliced deep, the wary posture, the way his eyes flicked to Benny, the way he kept twisting to look around.
When she returned a few minutes later, her hair bound back in a ponytail and her suit—blue, crisp and perfectly tailored—looking far better than the cheap and slightly crumpled monkey suits the brothers had been wearing all day, she found Dean scuffing the toe of his boot in the dirt while he waited. Sam’s head was visible in the car, in the rear seat, she noticed with delight, and Dean quickly ushered her in and they were off. While she’d been changing, Dean got directions from Walter and the drive wasn’t long. They pulled up in front of a building that she might have mistaken for a school if not for the sole police car in the lot.
"I'm not Gandalf," she'd complain every year, but she never once refused and always insisted on staying to watch and soak up all credit for how spectacular it inevitably was.
had bitched at her, Sam—always the wiser of the two—kept silent. Rowena glanced over at him as he shifted next to her, narrowly avoiding planting an elbow into her ribs. The car was much too cramped for one so gangly and it was amusing to watch him shift uncomfortably every few seconds, as though if he just twisted the right way he might conjure some decent leg room. It would be
. Cas had barely had any angel left in him anyway, and even near the beginning it hadn’t taken Cas long to prove that he wasn’t the typical angel, but what angels
Sam grimaced, “Sorry Jody, not really. As long as we can still kill ’em… but put the word out anyway. Make sure everyone knows that hunting’s gonna get harder from now on.”
Dean scoffed. “Yeah. But I can't help wondering what the point of that is. The second we get a grasp on ’em, Chuck can just change ’em again.” He let out a sigh and glanced at the hallway to make sure Rowena wasn’t on her way. Her door was still closed but even so, Dean dropped his voice. “Don’t you think it’s kinda… hopeless?” He said, looking at his brother, silently begging him to understand that he wasn’t giving up, he just… he needed to say it. “I mean, we’ve spent our whole lives, more than thirty years learning what these things are and how to kill ’em to keep a fight fair between super strength and magic and whatever-the-hell-else kind of powers they can throw at us. And there have been thousands of hunters before us, learning this stuff, writing it down, passing it on since the beginning of freaking humanity. The bunker library’s full of journals to stab this thing seven times with a bamboo shard blessed by a Shinto priest, or to chop off that thing’s head, or to return that other thing to its own grave and trap it in with a specific kind of wood stake. And now none of that matters. History,
"Dean-" Sam said, then he cleared his throat, "Look, I'm just gonna say it. You're in love with Cas, you have been for years. There, it's said, it's in the air and now we can talk about it."
Dean barely realised he had reached forward to touch one of the burning feathers until Cas shivered under his touch, his fingers followed the wings in their progression, along their changes, they followed Cas’ story and he was the one who should be thanking Cas for letting him be a part of it. Without thinking, he dropped his lips to Cas’ shoulder and pressed them there. Cas turned to meet him and their mouths fitted together like they were made to, like they had done this before a thousand times, like, perhaps, they should have.
He was quiet for a time and Castiel felt a sudden sense of déjà vu, sitting with Sam in comfortable silence until he stood, told him goodnight and left.
"Jack-" Castiel said hoarsely, he felt cold, which was unusual for a creature that couldn't feel temperature. They
He pulled into their spot in the motel parking lot and resigned himself to a further ten minutes coaxing Dean out of the car again. After a lot of cursing, yanking and threatening, Sam managed to hoist his brother into semi-walking and although the steps appeared to be too tricky for Dean to understand, they made it inside without too much hassle.
"You should adhere to that more yourself," Cas said, a hint of sternness in his tone, "you do have a tendency to be reckless."
Sam, at the other end of the spectrum, would insist that winter was his favourite. He liked going jogging on crisp mornings, feeling the air sharp in his lungs, pushing himself faster to receive the warmth he earned only by his movement. He liked coming in to a bowl of his brother's homemade vegetable soup, which he only made in the winter because "This bitch-ass weather is the only thing that can justify eating something so green."
Nothing but the wind answered him. Sam shivered and began shifting bodies, only then realising that it might have been a good idea to pick up his spike just in case, but it was too late now. His clammy hands pulled at zombie after zombie until he saw grass and he felt nausea roil in his stomach. The stench was overwhelming. He gagged and pulled, starting his own pile of corpses, ensuring that this one definitely didn’t contain Dean.
“Yeah.” Sam said, still pale, then his face broke into a grin so bright it was almost blinding. “She just got a message from Cas. He’s alive.”
Castiel finished it off before throwing the bottle into the recycling. The alcohol would do nothing for him but the bubbles were a pleasant distraction from his writhing insides. He hoped that he hadn't just made things worse.
Dean briefly glanced at him and shook his head before striding to his own room, then, before Cas could slip in behind him, he deliberately leaned his weight against the door, pressing it closed. Cas got the message and he didn't knock, though it was several minutes before Dean heard his footsteps walking away.
"If your life was the trade, I could make it." He admitted quietly, squeezing slightly around Dean's forearm, the words catching in his throat on the way out. Dean frowned at him in surprise, those green eyes shrewd, trying to work out his meaning, he pressed on, swallowing hard, "To save the world, if the only way was to stand back and let you die, we could do that. Remember when you were going to try and kill Amara? We said our goodbyes and we let it happen because we had to, because your soul would have gone to Heaven, but
They'd also stopped by the gift shop on the way out, and Cas told Jack to pick something as a keepsake. Jack had chosen a small, pale green eggcup in the shape of a diplodocus, he said it looked kind, like it would help him if he asked. Cas smiled at that and said they should pick something out for Sam and Dean too, Sam had told him about the museum after all and it would be rude to leave Dean out.
"Hey, Jack," Dean said suddenly, sliding something across the table towards the boy, overshooting by quite a margin and sending the object clattering to the floor, Dean hissed through his teeth and brought his hand back towards him in the way he did when he knew he'd misjudged a throw but was too far away to do anything about it. Jack ducked down for a moment before emerging with a puzzled frown on his face, already flushed from the alcohol.
"So," Dean continued, pitching his tone lower, those green eyes boring into his, "I want you to know that I love you. I want you to know that I'm brave enough and smart enough to finally tell you that I love you. And I trust you not to leave. And if you don't love me back, if you don't love me the same way, that's okay. I'm happy being your friend and you will always be family. But I gotta ask, because I know that if I pull away now I might never be this strong again, I really wanna kiss you right now, and I wanna know, more than anything, if that would be okay."
"I will protect my family." Castiel said again, but his voice shook, betraying his conviction. Michael sneered.
Cas' eyes softened, "Well, you can rest assured that I'm going to die happy." He said with a small smile. It was such a bad joke that Dean almost laughed, almost.
Before he could turn his attention away, something about the angel’s expression, even at that distance, caught him. There was horror in the angel’s eyes—
“Yeah, I guess so,” Sam said, rubbing at his temples. “But there’s a reason for it, there has to be. There’s some kind of logic behind it that will help us find a solution.”
He did feel bad for abandoning Sam like that though. He’d sounded so upset on the phone and Cas longed to be there to ease that. He already missed their easy camaraderie, the looks they’d share behind Dean’s back, the comfort of being similarly-minded people in the same place as a much more forceful personality. But in that cemetery it had felt like the weight of the cosmos had landed on him and he’d buckled, was
Everything felt long in summer too, fixed, permanent almost. He liked that, the consistency of it, the slow drag of days full of laughter and experience. They'd take the less direct routes on the way to hunts, stopping off at tourist traps and museums and scenic places that caught their eye on the pretense of needing to stretch their legs.
"Here," Sam said, tossing him the spare jacket he'd packed into the trunk, Sam and Jack were already wearing theirs. Dean shrugged it on and made his way over to the impala, flapping his arms to indicate that they should shove up and make room on the hood. They did. It was very squashed with the three of them, poor Cas sandwiched in the middle, but Dean didn't mind and, seeing as the others stayed where they were, neither did they. Jack went to put the blanket/basket combo back in the trunk and then came around to join them. There was no room on the hood for him to recline against the windshield, but Dean shifted his legs so that Jack had a corner he could perch on. Together they watched the sunset in silence. Dean felt Cas' hand where it was pressed against his own, warm and solid and was overcome with the urge to threat their fingers together. He bit his lip instead, watching colours merge and deepen and darken and, probably because they were watching the sunset without waiting for a monster to jump out of the shadows, the voice of Mildred came back to him, the crazy silver fox in the old folks' home on the case where they'd first met Eileen.
He stroked his thumb over the keychain once more before stowing it in his pocket. There was no point being angry at Cas, he knew he'd only regret it if he did end up poofing out and logically, he
Awww yeah, I love me these women! I don't think I've ever written in Claire's perspective before so this was really fun for me.
“With that thing.” Sam said, glancing fearfully at the door. He’d seen shit that would send most people mad; he’d seen and been involved in torture reserved for the worst horror movies; he’d been elbow-deep in gore and he’d seen and killed monsters and gods and powerful beings of all kinds, but that had been something else entirely. “Dean, what—”
But he had failed, and Jack was dead, and Chuck was still out there, manipulating everything to his own envy and pride and wrath. As it turned out, God had the seven deadly sins in spades.
Sam finally tore his eyes away from his phone to meet his eyes. His face was carefully blank in the kind of way that immediately sent anxiety pinging through his brain.
So here's the second chapter I promised. Originally I had it all as one long piece but I thought that splitting it would work better. Also, a huge, massive, ginormous thank you to knshelton who is just so truly kind and wonderful.
"You're gonna have to." Dean repeated, matching certainty for certainty, "Whether you promise me or not, the day is gonna come when I have to get inside that box and seal the door."
He dropped the spike, his knees hit earth and he began to shake, cold dampness seeping in through his jeans. Had they made it? Had they actually
As that realisation hit him, the faint sound of an engine registered on the edges of his hearing and he straightened up, taking his weight off the car, a mixture of anticipation and fear rising to his throat. He was suddenly hyper aware of his ripped and lightly bloodied shirt, his dust-stained coat, the small red lines on his face he’d seen in the rear-view mirror that marked him as no longer invulnerable. An irrational part of him worried what the Winchesters would see when they rounded the final bend in the road, a friend, or a liability?
Dean paused for a moment but conceded with a nod. Of course Sam cared. He just had his priorities wrong, that was all.
Phew, so I'm running late and I really need to go to bed but I'm on a roll and had to get it done on time.
“I’m not incompetent,” Sam snapped, then he sighed as he looked up and saw Dean with his hands up in an
"Hey." Sam said gently, "We've all done crap. But Dean said once that when he- when he died, that it was a clean slate. No grudges, no resentments. He loved us, Cas, and that's what we've gotta hold on to. He loved us and we got to be loved by him. No matter what we did, or how we screwed up, or how much I hurt him, that was always true. So we can't be so bad, right?" His voice hitched at the end, like a plea, like he was asking Castiel to tell him that he wasn't so bad.
Dean was almost done with his mug and a lot more cheerful when Cas returned a few minutes later, he took the laptop and flipped it open, searching for nearby tattoo parlours and going onto their various websites.
It took some doing to get Dean into the car but years of experience (and wasn’t that a sad thought) only led to a minor bump on the head from the roof before Dean was sprawled out on the backseat. He seemed to be trying to talk but as Sam couldn’t interpret the grunts and burbles and wet snorts into English, he didn’t bother trying to hold up his end of the conversation. The stench of bad whisky made him wrinkle his nose.
He remembered it well. A lot of his memories of his time in Heaven had gone fuzzy around the edges—probably the result of his bouncing from angel to human and back again, the loss of his grace and its diminished power—but that war... every detail was as sharp as the day it happened, like each moment had been painstakingly sketched onto glass, preserved forever.
Sam’s brow furrowed in thought. “Well… what were you looking through when the alarm went off? Maybe he thought you were getting close to something? You were in the library that day, right?”
Cas stood there, balancing a tray in both hands. A large bowl of chili and rice was in the centre with a fork, and a glass of water bled condensation on the side. Dean stepped aside to let Cas in but didn't close the door behind him. Considering the last few times they'd spoken, Dean fully expected the angel to walk straight back out again with a smile and a pat on his shoulder, reminding him to rest. Instead, Castiel placed the tray carefully on Dean's desk before turning to him.
left it in his car then he wouldn’t be able to listen to it now. Exactly why he had the urge to listen to it now he didn’t know either, except that it made him feel closer to Dean, or at least, the version of Dean that might care that he was grieving and hurt and angry, the Dean that would place a grounding hand to his shoulder, or just sit in solemn silence with him, not the Dean who was inside the school somewhere and would only snap at him or give him a task to complete or ignore him completely.
that he didn't have to bunk with Michael for the next 140,000 years? Absolutely, but the idea that there was no written end left him surprisingly uneasy. It was a strange thing, knowing your death; seeing it coming was one thing, starting on a path that only had one end, he'd done that many a time, but holding it in his hands, reading the words written by the freaking universe, that was something else entirely.
The protective ring around Dean Winchester broke and the would-be guards scattered; some fled, most died. When the last of them had been cut down, before more could come, Castiel got a look at Dean Winchester's soul for the first time. It was… horrible. It wasn't bound by rack or chains, thought there
"Not if-" Jack started to say, his face flushed with anger but Cas silenced him with a look. He sat back and huffed, arms crossed tightly, and shifted over so he could stare out of the window, sending a little puff of foam into the air from a crack in the leather.
and Dean had seen him. Hurriedly, he wiped at his face with his sleeve, then laughed, the sound hollow and horrible. “I’m not okay,” he confessed.
That thought alone was enough to make him take the key and fit it into the door, warm him as he turned it. Cas stood at his shoulder, clutching his angel blade, his expression tight. Dean just beamed at him, fondly registering the look of surprise on his face as he pulled open the heavy iron door with a familiar screech that made him wince. Cas had his back. Cas was here, he was alive, and he still cared enough to follow Dean into Hell for a second time.
"We put your name on the table," Dean said quietly, "didn't that make you happy? Or is being a part of this family just a chore to you?"
He was awakened less than two hours later to the sound of panicked footsteps and Sam bursting through the door, flipping the light switch and calling his name. Dean jerked back into consciousness, groggy and exhausted, light exploding in his eyeballs, shooting pain into his head, to see his brother dropping to his knees on the bed next to him, terror in his face.
Dean just raised an eyebrow so Castiel craned his neck and tested his wings. Dean was right, the superficial damage on his wings had closed over, even if he could feel the deeper tissue trauma. It would take less time for his grace to replenish now. That didn't mean he wasn't angry.
There was a brief silence while Dean struggled to stay conscious just a little longer. He wished he could see Cas, touch him, watch his eyes turn soft and focused, looking at him like he was something beautiful and brilliant and loved.
"I can't say you're wrong," Dean said, "it just sucks. You deserve to be happy, Cas. Like you said, after everything you've given, you deserve that."
"Right." He said. Dean had cared for him, forgiven his mistakes, made a place for him in his home and in his heart. He wouldn't have done that if he didn't think Castiel was worth it. But one of the most beautiful and tragic things about Dean was the way he loved people; fiercely, deeply, beyond reason or consequence, never even considering the fact that he might be loved in return, but hoping for it, desperately trying to earn it by being uncompromising in his loyalty.
“Shocker. Oh, come on,” she added at the look Sam shot her. “All you three do is keep things from each other. How are you still surprised each time?”
Dean did know. He remembered it vividly. The flash of light of the portal, a wide-eyed look of shock, the bloodied silver tip protruding from flesh.
“Awww look, he’s all tuckered out.” Dean said, grinning at Cas through the rear-view mirror. Cas’ eyes flicked to him which wiped the smirk off his face pronto, those eyes were flat and angry.
She promptly shut the car door behind her, purely so she could watch the brothers tumble out the other side in a mass of limbs and curses. She hid her smile by brushing the worst of the dirt from her dress before they straightened up.
“You’re my problem,” Dean said hotly, the words coming out harsher than he meant them, with far too much bite. “Shit, I mean…”
Sam nodded at him blearily, not quite smiling, and made his way down the stairs, leaning heavily on the railing.
Day 30 - Kansas - The song seems to be following them. - Angst and implied MCD at the end because I'm cruel :P
The sharp tone shook loose more tears from him and then he made the mistake of looking down. Dean's eyes were closed, his usually sun-kissed skin was pale. Castiel couldn't even pretend he was sleeping, Dean was never so still.
It was an unceremonious end to the call but whatever. Dean took a minute to breathe and pressed the phone to his forehead before shoving it back in his pocket and beginning the trek back to the bunker.
He gasped as a hand wrapped around his own throat, a burbling screech sounding in his ears and his instincts came back to him. He struggled and barely managed to pull the thing’s hand away. Once free he ducked and swung a leg out, trying to send it crashing to the ground as Cas ran forward, angel blade in hand.
Dean accepted the help but secretly cursed himself, he'd failed again. It was supposed to have been done before Sam got back so he wouldn't have to see the reminder of what Dean had done.
we barely made it out alive and Michael could have disintegrated every being in that bar without so much as blinking. We can't even
"And what's that s'pposed to mean?" He heard his voice beginning to slur and he fought it as best he could. He was shocky, had been since about the third pint of blood ventured out into the wide world, shock he was an old hand at but now he was approaching pint six and his vision was dipping.
Cas pinched his mouth together and said nothing. Sam sent a glare towards his brother. Dean looked between them, his smile bright and silly as it only got when he was telling bad jokes. “Or is it more like an antenna? Cas, do you have an antenna? Are you part bug?” He choked on his own laughter.
The dirt path was a sluice of mud. Cas stopped just inside the tunnel, allowing the cold spray to lightly hit his face and shirt, a promise of what was to come if he took just one more step. But he hesitated. He had been with humans too long, perhaps, and when he
"We should probably actually clean this up before Sam tries to beat us to death with a mop," Dean said, reluctantly pulling away, "and we should probably tell him about… you know, us, at some point, Jack too."
"Your boy said the views ya get from the hill round back are the best ones." Donna put in gently. "We figured that might be a good place."
Sam opened the door after the third knock. He still looked tired and his eyes were still stained with shadows, but he looked a little lighter than he had that morning which Dean counted as a win. He noticed the basket immediately and his eyebrows shot up into his hair,
It was Dean, but it wasn’t. Not the demon version, confident and black-eyed and snarky, nor even the anger-driven Mark of Cain version he’d been half-expecting. No, this thing was the stuff of nightmares. It looked half-decayed; brown and yellow teeth grinned out of the left side of its cheek where the skin had peeled away. One green, rolling eye glinted madly at them while the other hung by the optic nerve halfway down its neck. The hair had been pulled out in clumps, leaving raw-looking red patches. Its clothes could barely be called that, a few rags clung to its form, frayed and ignored. Great flaps of leathery skin had been pulled from the main frame of the thing’s body in various places, exposing the jagged points of ribs and pulsing, torn muscle that oozed dark, sluggish blood.
“It’s not me you need to worry about, dear.” Rowena said, flashing a smile and a credit card. Of course the witches took plastic. “I warn you, the boys will try to pay you in favours.”
Dean flinched at that, wondering if it was Sam or Cas who had called around the rest of the community to tell them what had happened, to tell them of the deaths of their friends, their siblings, their partners. One of them would have done it by now, it was part of the process, informing the family when a hunt goes bad, only… these people were in the bunker, they were supposed to be the ones
“No,” Dean interrupted firmly, only his eyes betraying his anxiety. “You couldn’t.” He quirked his lips up a little then, and his eyes turned kind. “But thanks anyway.”
trait from) to tell him to back the hell off, instead he was gonna start making excuses to spend less and less time at the bunker, avoid being alone with Dean at all costs, trying to extract himself slowly, maybe stop showing up to movie nights or any other family outings they had, all because Dean couldn't keep his damn hands to himself.
Castiel raised his hand to his face, sure enough, his fingers came away wet. He wiped at his cheeks impatiently with the back of his hand and then he sighed, letting go of all his anger at Jack in one breath. The boy's logic was sound after all, it wasn't his fault that Castiel was incapable of listening.
in there, you used to care about that! Hell, that’s the whole reason I started this.” He tapped at his jacket where he’d stored the flask.
They worked in silence while Sam rattled off his checklist of now many logs they needed and how many trees that would take and how to arrange the bodies, making sure to place close friends and family members together where he could. He stayed outside though, didn't retrieve any of the others himself. Dean wasn't surprised, he knew Sam well enough to know that right now, even the act of stepping in a direction he had not previously catalogued could cause the paperclips, rubber bands and will holding him up to snap, he was definitely not ready to confront the carnage that awaited him inside yet.
knew that if I called him, he would drop everything to help me and he never gave me a reason to doubt that, not once. But I never stopped talking about wanting to leave. I wanted so badly to get out of the hunting life, to go to college, settle down somewhere for longer than a few months at a time, to find my own life away from the family business, away from Dad, away from Dean."
"Nick survived," Jack pointed out, "you said that archangel blades kill the archangel but not the host, right?"
Castiel turned, forcing himself to look beyond the human face to the grace inside. He tried to focus on it, on this known unknown that was his brother still. Michael was different to be sure, crueller than this world's version had been, more cunning. But he was full of the same self-righteousness, the same conviction. He was not a being to be argued with.
“You know, I really think we should—” he started to say, but he was interrupted by the fact that he started
They weren’t waiting long. A bald man with deep wrinkles around his eyes emerged with Dylan from the door to the kitchen and situated himself behind the bar, while Dylan peeled off to join them.
"I can get an inventory started," Dean said, tying the bag off. Then he looked at his brother properly. Sam was worrying at his lip with his teeth and not meeting his eyes. "Hey," he said softly, not moving until Sam looked at him, "we can do this again tomorrow, alright? We got nowhere else to be."
, but she was waiting for the boys to either realise, or swallow their pride and ask, something that she wouldn’t hold her breath on.
Sam had insisted on driving and Dean couldn't find it in him to argue. It had only a few minutes for the panic attack to pass completely but he still felt shaky and cold. He leaned his temple against the chill window and stared at the dash in front of him. He'd accidentally caught a glimpse of himself in the side mirror before and it hadn't been pretty.
"Happiness isn't an always thing," he said, his eyes averted, his face shadowed by the yellow lamplight, "you find it in moments. When Dean cracks a stupid joke, when we get in the impala to start a new hunt, when Jack says something kind, jogging on a morning that's just slightly too cold, that's happiness. It's when those moments mean more to you than the lifetime of bad that surrounds them. When those moments are
“We’re not murderers-for-hire,” Dean said, bristling. Fifteen years ago, he knew he wouldn’t have thought twice. A witch was a monster and monsters needed putting down, and if he could get something out of it, so much the better. But now… he glanced at Rowena. She had been his enemy not long ago, and now he trusted her enough to walk into a den of other witches and not suspect a trap.
Dean jumped and spun the wheel until he hit loose gravel. He turned off the engine and the music he'd been shouting over died. The sudden quiet meant that all he could hear was his pounding chest, his fast, jolting breaths and Cas' ultimatum ringing in his head.
"Can I wear my new tie?" Cas asked eagerly, tugging on the one around his neck and showing it to Dean properly, it was dark blue, similar to his other one, but a slightly different shade and with a very small bee outline stitched on the end in shimmering gold thread.
“Not at all,” Rowena put in, “So he and Keith left Rosco’s… did Dylan say where they were headed? Did they perhaps drive somewhere?”
be. He’d gone quickly from blindly obedient to questioning every order, to fighting on the side of humans. That had taken a strength that Sam deeply admired, and even though the rest of angel-kind had been a pretty big disappointment to the him of ten years ago—the one he now saw as an idealistic child—Cas had come through. Even when he screwed up, he had done so with the best of intentions and sometimes that was the only thing that mattered. That’s what he’d had to tell himself anyway, after the whole… letting the Devil out thing.
Scouting by area narrowed his options even further, until he landed on a case in Cope, Colorado. Cas stared at the online map and felt that same anger from the cemetery crackle through him. He dared his Father to laugh at this poor joke. He was almost tempted to find another case entirely but it was only a few hours from where the Winchesters were currently staying and if they moved he would still likely be within the day’s drive that he’d promised. So he wrestled with his pride and allowed practicality to win out. Cope it was.
Cas smiled at the bitter edge in his tone and took a tentative step forwards, "I know it's hard for you to see Sam as the leader here-" he began, but Dean cut him off,
Technically, he and Sam were homeless now too. The bunker was lost to them and Baby along with it, but
He'd been unable to keep the fondness from his voice, still reeling from his resurrection, meeting Jack, seeing Dean so giddy with childish joy.
Dean stood outside the motel room door for a full six minutes before he worked up the nerve to knock. It took eleven seconds for the door to open on Cas wearing a smile and a floppy, purple, light-up witches hat.
But for now, it was enough to clap his brother on the back and drag the full trash bag out with him. He'd throw it in the dumpster before he started to work on the cars. Baby was already pristine but he felt the need to fix something. Fixing Sam would be a slow process and the best thing he could do for Cas right now would be to leave him alone while he sorted through his thoughts. He wouldn't even know where to start on himself. But cars, cars he could fix.
"My brother was my hero," Sam said quietly, running a hand through his hair the way he did when he was upset, "but he could never rely on me the way I did on him because he knew that I didn't want to be there. How is that fair?"
And because he didn't have an answer, because he couldn't think of one damn reason that could possibly justify all the time lost to self-inflicted agony, he caught Cas by the wrist and pulled him back and around, crashing their mouths together without pausing to think.
Sam looked at him strangely but didn't ask questions, picking up the can of gas and splashing it heavy over the pyre. The sharp, heady stench seemed to bore directly into his brain and when Mary tossed her lighter onto the wood, the resulting surge of flame was hot enough to make most of the others step back. Castiel stood his ground, the heat pawing at his face, his eyes fixed on the white shroud in the centre of the pyre, already beginning to char. He swallowed hard and the thought that he would never see those green eyes again hit him like a sledgehammer to the chest. Sam might share a heaven with him when he died, but Castiel would go to the Empty. The horror of eternity stretched open in front of him, countless days without Dean, and soon, much sooner than he would like, without Sam and Jack too. Years would pass, all the humans around him now would age and fade with time until all Castiel had were memories.
Dean looked up at him with haunted eyes and seemed to sense that Sam was not in the mood to be brushed off.
It was in the middle of a storm in a long-abandoned barn on the outskirts of Pontiac, Illinois where Castiel prepared the spell. He put the tip of the archangel blade to the meat of his palm and sliced downwards, allowing his blood to fall into the brass bowl on the half-rotted table before healing the cut with a finger of grace. He kept his eyes down as he worked, not looking up at the black paint on the walls, peeling in some places after almost a decade but still mostly intact. Not that they would do much good, they hadn't the first time. Castiel hadn't bothered putting up any sigils of his own, he knew it wouldn't make a difference, there were no safe places anymore.
Cas felt a flush creeping up his neck and he rubbed at the back of it with a hand, accidentally nudging a button with his elbow and flashing the car in front.
Rowena craned her neck, glaring at the neat storefronts as though daring them to disappoint her. There were more than a few thrift stores and a large supermarket off on one end but as they walked further up Dean could practically feel the class change. He grew increasingly uncomfortable as the people turned from regular Joes to people in business suits and designer outfits, bluetooth pieces in their ears. They talked over each other to get in the last word about whatever deal they were trying to close, or their disappointing spouses, or how their boss was out to ruin their lives, clutching shopping bags and the backs of pushchairs, their expensive watches and jewellery flashing with every hand-to-the-chest fake laugh. Dean hated it, feeling exposed and clunky in his heavy-duty boots and worn plaid. Rowena on the other hand stood taller, her chin raised as she glided through the early afternoon crowd, knowing what she was looking for and how to navigate to get to it. Dean followed, glowering at everyone and shoving probably a little harder than was necessary if some dick tried to push past him.
"He'll be okay." Sam said quietly, "He had a great time at the museum, good idea, Cas, get him thinking about something
"That wasn't your fault either, Sam," he said darkly, thinking of John, all those lessons that Dean must have endured, each one further scratching in the most important rule of all into his soul, the one that came before everything else, no matter how painful, no matter how distasteful, no matter the cost, 'watch out for Sammy.'
A tinny, generic sound blared out from his pocket, shattering the tentative peace of sunrise on the hill. He sighed, but dutifully reached for his phone and swiped, squinting at the name on the screen first, though he already knew who it would be.
"No," Dean held up a hand, his jaw working harder than it needed to for just one word, "you don't need to explain. I get it. It's fine."
Disappointed, Dean turned back to staring at the chest of drawers ahead of him and continued, Cas had asked for honest after all,
He practically bounced when he threw himself into the seat. Rowena couldn’t understand his excitement, usually people tried to
describing it, each affair he had orchestrated in the bar, every marriage he had broken, every life ruined had punctuated a slash with his angel blade until Cas had finally scored his own, fatal hit. He may not have a full angel’s strength but he was still more than human, and he knew first hand what humans could do.
Dean sighed at that, perhaps a little too dramatically, weighing his options, then he stood and went to sit next to Cas on the bed, mere inches between them. Dean didn't look at him, though he saw the angel's head turned to follow him in his peripheral vision, those eyes boring into his cheek.
Cas sighed and looked straight ahead without answering. Sam used the break to manoeuvre around the car and slide into the driver's seat. He started up the engine and felt comforted when she began to rumble around them. There was no use dwelling on his mistakes, it was easier to focus on the road ahead, they'd go back to the bunker, they'd come up with a new plan and they'd try again.
Dean had never really decided if he liked motels or not. He liked the anonymity. No questions asked if you rocked up covered in grave dirt at four in the morning, and if you trashed the place because a werewolf crashed through the window or you had to paint an angel-banishing sigil on the wall that you couldn’t
Sam pulled his lower lip between his teeth and worried at it, ashamed, "I know sometimes I make jokes and say things that hit him harder than I mean them to," he said, "I know that doesn't help. I think part of it's because we're brothers and that's what siblings
“Yeah, I’m sure you fill up.” Sam said, managing, somehow, not to sound sarcastic. Rowena took in the chips in the desk, the cracked floor tiles and the spider currently reclining in a corner of the ceiling. There weren’t even any security cameras. Yes. She was sure this place got positively
She finally stopped outside the Ws and looked at the books for Sam and Dean Winchester, possibly the only two humans left out of the purge currently happening. They were Chuck’s favourites after all, and although He wanted them dead, Billie was also certain that He wanted to draw it out. She pulled the books from the shelf and placed them on the nearest desk. She would not read them now, she wanted to
"You know," Dean said, plonking himself down onto the sofa and carefully tipping his armful of snacks onto the table in front of them. "I hate Metatron for a lot of things, but the one thing I will never be able to forgive him for is zapping your brain full of pop-culture." He glanced over at Cas who tilted his head, frowning. He looked a little like a confused bird when he did that which never failed to amuse Dean.
He opened his mouth, then closed it again, defeat and grief crashing over him once more and he dropped his head in shame. He didn’t know what he was trying to ask for or how on earth Dean would be able to give it. Perhaps he wasn’t that human after all.
Castiel wasn’t expecting that. He felt his eyebrows slide up his face and he studied Dean’s expression carefully, he didn’t
. It was a comforting mantra. Sam and Cas were more 'big picture' people and that worked for them, but Dean never could think about more than the problem directly in front of him; that was how he liked it, keeping things as simple as he could make them, though it hadn't always worked in his favour.
“I’ve changed enough,” Sam said distractedly, eyes darting to the exits, to Dean, to anything that might explain what the hell was going on.
"What a broken thing you are." Michael said, holding his hand out in the downpour, watching with interest as the blood that caked his wrist and the sleeve of his shirt was washed away. "Did you really think you could
The next morning, Sam came into the kitchen with his dressing gown on over his t-shirt and sweatpants, hair sticking up. He had clearly just rolled out of bed. Dean was already showered and dressed, frying bacon and eggs.
Dean pressed his lips together and nodded, avoiding his brother's and Jack's eyes, feeling heat climb up his face.
“I thought that everything broken between us would stay broken. I thought that you were gone and I would never get the chance to fix it, to say everything that needs to be said. I can’t feel that again, man. I was—” He shook his head, unable to say in words how the despair had gripped him, how the secret hope that he had carried around inside him for a future that he never let himself think about, that he had been terrified of wanting, had been snuffed out. He didn’t know how to say those things.
Home for Baby was wherever she was parked. Of course, home for her was her boys squabbling over the music or munching on snacks that got crumbs in all her crevices. Home for her was when they parked her in a field late at night and then lay on her hood, watching the stars, but in the past few years, home had become her spot in the garage of what her boys called ‘the bunker’. She liked it there. It was familiar and safe and the temperature was carefully controlled and although she was surrounded by other vehicles, and Dean sometimes came in to tinker or take one out for a test drive, it was always her that he came running to when they had a case or when he was angry or upset and just needed to drive. She calmed him, she knew, and she took a fierce pride in that.
It was just their kind of weird, so they’d packed up and shipped out and Dean had been asking around for anyone who remembered the guy vanishing nearly forty years ago. He hadn’t gotten anywhere.
that if he ever got his act together, screwed up his courage, faced whatever lingering doubts that clung to him like leeches and pried them away one by one, that Cas would reciprocate.
“I forgive you.” Cas said aloud, because he did, of course he did. He loved this man beyond reason, and he was tired of grieving his son alone.
He felt guilty sometimes that this wasn't something he did for Sam too. He knew the younger Winchester had nightmares as well, probably ones that were just as debilitating, and he shouldn't have to suffer them alone, but it felt wrong to enter Sam's room while he was sleeping, too intimate. Maybe it was strange that going into Dean's room
“I’m not a kid!” The child insisted, wiping at his bloody nose and pinning him with a fierce glare. Sam resisted the urge to cry; was this how Dean had felt every time Sam said that exact same thing? “I can’t believe I became you. Do you know how many versions of you there are, waiting for their turn to come and fight you? You’re outnumbered by your own evil,
He kept calling for his brother, the hope in his chest choked by fear. If Dean wouldn’t answer then it must be bad. Sam’s mind spun through each scenario, Dean being slowly suffocated by a pile of bodies, Dean unconscious and bleeding out, Dean’s eyes already glassy and lifeless.
"I should probably do a load too," Sam said conversationally, "I think some of the stuff at the bottom is starting to grow mould."
heard the relief through the phone speaker; just as she saw the disappointment on Sam’s face as he kept his own voice neutral.
“You’re interrupting playtime,” he said, not even bothering to turn. All his focus was on the creature before him, and how he could draw out more pretty sounds. He took the point of his knife and dug it around in the open throat. He was careful not to slice through the vocal chords, he wanted sounds after all, but surely there was a nerve or two remaining. He felt the creature’s breath get heavy and wet on his face, from terror or anticipation he wasn’t sure. It began to tremble. Dean only smiled wider.
Sam liked to think that if they ever had a stretch of time where they could guarantee no apocalypses or universe curveballs that Dean would begin to seriously consider it, but that was probably wishful thinking. In reality, he knew he was being a coward. The main reason he hadn't talked to Dean about it,
He used a dry cloth to buff the brass handle of Sam's door, cleaning it of a couple of spots where some poor son of a bitch had clearly tried to turn it, though why someone had made their way to Sam's room he didn't know, a place to hide perhaps? Or looking for help from their fearless leader, either not knowing or not being able to form the thought that Sam wasn't there?
They waited for a few seconds, and Rowena hoped that Castiel would open the door with a perfectly reasonable explanation as to why he’d been out of touch. Of course, being with a Winchester, luck wasn’t with her. So Sam reached for the doorknob and twisted, stepping inside the room.
Castiel didn't know how long they stayed there, wrapped up in each other, feeling each other's chests move with each breath; hours might have passed before Dean's grip loosened, it may have taken days for the man to lift his head; the scratch of stubble interrupted by a brief softness of lips was gentle on his neck and coaxed out a sigh.
“Maybe it’s our own private apocalypse, exclusive for the people in the know,” Rowena quipped. Despite knowing that Dean had meant it as a joke, the thought of God deliberately avoiding panic just so he wouldn’t have to listen to it disturbed her. She took a sip from her mug and sighed at the slight burst of citrus on her tongue. “At least there’s tea.”
If you have a question about this fic of any of my fics or if you just want to chat, you can find me on Tumblr
“I made many mistakes that I can never redeem.” Cas said, “A lot of bad decisions that got people hurt. Dean forgave me even when he had every right not to, while my family betrayed me, cast me out, hunted me.”
He couldn't think of a reason that justified it, not one, but to him it didn't matter. He knew that he could kill a dozen innocent people to save Dean and be unable to truly regret it. He knew that he could let Michael walk free if it meant that Dean was safe. He could, easily. But he also knew that he wouldn't because Jack was right, Dean wouldn't want him to. And somehow, that mattered more to Castiel than his own need to see Dean again.
“And you’re that witch who went on a rampage a while back, right? The one who started up that Supercoven thing.”
had the luxury of contacts and fake credit cards; they had years of hustling under their belts and knew they could get along just fine. More than, if Rowena kept picking (and paying for) their accommodations. He hoped Cas had found himself somewhere decent too. He had a card of his own now, Dean had insisted he keep it with him, just in case.
Cas smiled at the tall man who had never looked so young, twisting his hands together like a nervous child, he seemed to know the answer before Cas confirmed it. "No, Sam, I'm afraid that won't be possible."
It felt like it something was building, something huge, something cosmic, something that he wasn't sure he was ready for. The song became a war cry and a funeral dirge, it became every worry that they wouldn't make it through this one, and every confidence that they would.
He took the water slowly, allowing the coolness to soothe his raw throat as well as giving him time to work through his humiliation. When he was done he pressed the cold glass to his cheeks, his forehead and the back of his neck. It helped, a little. So did the scent of coffee, though the thought of actually drinking any made his stomach rebel, the smell was pleasant to indulge in. He made sure Sam was still absorbed in his phone before attempting to stand. Mercifully, the room didn’t spin
, and not in the more familiar case-gone-wrong, weight-of-the-world kind of way, not even in his almost constant self-disparaging way, this was deeper, this was
Dean stood there then, staring up at what had been his home, his mother; knowing that they were gone and not knowing why. He was cold, everything smelled of smoke and his throat was sore. He didn’t move while his dad walked around with Sam to soothe him, or when he draped a blanket around Dean’s shoulders. He only moved when a real red fire truck parked outside his house, but that was because an ambulance was there too and he was being guided into the back with his father’s hand steady on his shoulder.
Dean smirked back. His little brother always knew how to pull him back from a spiral if he saw one coming. Cas too. He didn't even need to speak, they just knew him so well. He still didn't know what he'd done to deserve them, especially with the way he treated them sometimes, but maybe it didn't matter, 'deserve' didn't mean shit. But sometimes, just sometimes, that worked out in his favour. Because whatever was going on with Jack they would face it together, as a family.
They were quiet for a moment, and Dean watched Cas as he stared down at the body on the floor. His face looked drawn and Dean thought that he was probably exhausted. If he was human for the time being he could probably use a hot meal too, and a shower.
showers, but all he could do was stare at the unassuming silver knob, unable to bring himself to twist it, overwhelmed by the thought of water crashing down on him, hitting his torso, his throat, constricting his breath. He began to shake.
Together they spent an hour or so searching through possible cases. Rowena didn’t want to go too far and rule the hotel out as a retreat, while Sam argued that staying in any place too long would just invite Chuck’s next move, whether or not the hunt was local. Dean backed Sam’s play, but also made the point that they weren’t exactly in top fighting shape, so maybe another night on a decent mattress would do them all good. Sam was reluctant, but agreed. They’d find the hunt today but set out tomorrow, and in the meantime they’d prepare.
"And on a lot of other days since." Dean said, backing up a couple of steps. Cas' expression was as calm as his voice; he leaned against the sink, staring at him with a softness that Dean couldn't remember seeing before. It set off a dull ache in his chest that he couldn't explain and a shiver ran through him, though the garage wasn't cold.
“No, I know.” Dean said, twisting the edge of his blood-encrusted shirt in his hands. “I mean… should we maybe find him? Bring him back to the bunker and give him a hunter’s funeral?”
Jacob. Not well, granted, but he knew him, and he’d never thought he’d take his resentments from that other world out of Cas. It just wasn’t
Another pause while Jody apparently confirmed because Sam nodded too, and let out a breath that honestly could have meant anything. Dean could only kneel there, trying not to snatch the phone out of Sam’s hand and demand to know what was going on.
"Jack and I stopped off at a museum on the way back," he said, "we all got something, I thought you might like this."
"Better?" Cas asked, amused. As though his own caffeine addiction was tempered by the fact that he didn't actually need to drink the stuff to get his fix.
If Dean felt anything other than complete and utter contrition in that moment, he would have grabbed his phone and snapped a picture because Cas' face did something he'd never seen before. A mixture of shock, a blush, a kind of mystified bafflement, a scowl and a smile all seemed to form at the same time and the result would have been comical if Dean wasn't so worried about which one would win out.
expression that Dean almost laughed, almost, because his courage was draining away fast and he used the last of it to skirt around the table and press himself into Cas' space, sliding a hand around the back of the angel's neck and up into his hair, gently holding him in place while he leaned forward to claim a kiss. His other hand was still grasping at Cas' sleeve, but before he could worry that this was too much, that he'd crossed a boundary he could never undo, that he'd just ruined
Castiel felt as though he were the one who'd been stabbed in the heart, the cold slide of pain lancing through his chest as he met Dean's eyes, looked at them properly, they were wild and glassy, unfocused, darting around Castiel's face and then away as if he were afraid to look, his gaze landed on his bloodied shirt and twisted, it was such a private expression that it dawned on Castiel that Dean didn't think he could see him. He'd been a vessel for too long.
raise his hand and placed it on Dean's shoulder. Dean tried not to lean in to the touch, "he's no longer possessing you, I would be able to see him if he was. And that means he can't possess you again without your permission."
"Listen to me, I'm freaking out like a twelve-year-old. I just wanna say… I mean, I guess I'm asking-"
Sam sighed and walked over to sit on the bed, holding out the glass. His anger at his brother was now a distant memory. It would return, he knew, but in this moment, his brother was hurting worse than Sam had ever seen him, and all he wanted to do was help.
He wasn't convinced that autumn had any particular benefits for hunting; it was hard to walk quietly with dry leaves and squelching mud and the rain mingling with the adjustment to the darkening days made visibility difficult.
"Things went wrong," Dean said slowly, trying to articulate himself, "and Cas was right in the middle of it. Because he's
It took half a heartbeat for his confession to sink into Cas' face, when it did, those blue eyes widened in surprise, his chapped lips parted to form an 'o' and that frown stayed put, it was such a ridiculously
Castiel pressed his lips together, he remembered the flayed thing that was his alternate self's grace, almost unrecognisable as him, nothing left but the creature Naomi had tried to turn him into; killing him had been a mercy.
Rowena joined them sometime around mid-morning, perfectly put-together, complete with her usual dramatic eye make-up. She still fell on the leftover pancakes like a ghoul and devoured them in a time that left even Dean impressed.
Once, Dean got cornered by a vamp in a museum (don’t even ask) and having lost his own machete, with blood dripping into his eyes he’d had to yank an old sword from one of the exhibits and lash out blindly at the thing’s neck. He hadn’t been expecting much from such an ancient and probably blunt blade; he felt practically no resistance from his swing and heard the thing laugh so he’d assumed he’d missed, but when she leaned in to bury her teeth in his neck, her head fell off.
So Castiel held him until he was ready, keeping his breaths deep and even until Dean began to sync his own breathing, slowly calming himself. When he pulled back, Castiel let his arms drop but Dean caught one of his hands before it could fall and twined their fingers together, staring at the combination of skin tones as though amazed that this was something he was allowed to do. Castiel used his other hand to stroke from Dean's hairline to his chin. Dean's eyes came back to his and he saw gratitude and love and joy and a little bit of fear. Castiel understood, he felt those things too.
Air shuddered in Dean's lungs as he inhaled; Cas didn't need to know about the two months of downward spiral, the weeks spent in an alcohol-infused haze, the four separate times he'd completely trashed his room, the dozen or so times he exploded at a still-grieving-and-increasingly-concerned Sam before Sam had finally exploded back, throwing it in his face that
He crushed the ingredients together methodically; the smell was pleasant, floral with a sharp tang of magic that overpowered the mould of the old barn. He ignored the twitch in his jaw as the root splintered under the pestle; it wasn't a vital ingredient, it wasn't even necessary, the Winchesters' forays into magic had always been strict recipes to be followed but they'd never understood its fluidity and how intention could influence the outcome, especially when it came to summoning an archangel.
As a result, Claire was often on her own in the house. Usually she didn't mind too much, but the extended periods of isolation were getting to her lately. She couldn't show up at the hospital too often or Alex would start to worry, and everyone was just so busy and it's not like she had a
“You reek,” Sam said by way of a greeting, still not looking up from his phone, though he nudged a small paper bag towards him.
“Wow, okay,” Dean said, trying and failing to keep the incredulity out of his voice as he sank back further into the well-worn leather. “You know, that might be the first time you haven’t wanted an apology from me.”
"Because I need to remind myself that this will happen again," he said, tracing the wounds with his fingertips, "because there are no safe hunts and I can't always be there and I can't pretend that the pain doesn't matter just because I can take it away."
"Thank you." Cas replied, still somewhat distracted. He had other worries, of course; Michael was still out there, amassing an army of monsters, stronger and faster and harder to kill; Lucifer's vessel, Nick, was in the wind and he hadn't exactly been stable the last time they'd spoken; Heaven was closed off and failing, countless innocent souls in peril largely because of him, and the Winchesters were always getting into trouble of some kind or another. Surely that was enough. He wasn't going to give himself permission to be happy until Michael was taken care of at the very least, whatever the Empty had meant by that. Cosmic entities were apparently no better at human emotions than angels or demons. In his experience, happiness either was or it wasn't, it wasn't a decision, but a balance. Like Anubis' abacus, when the good outweighed the bad then happiness became more stable than snatches of joy in between weeks of danger and worry.
"This is all my fault." The boy confessed to him one evening, shoulders hunched, a steaming mug of untouched tea clasped in his hands, the temperature didn't seem to bother him much. His innocent blue eyes were unfocused as he stared into the mug, "I trusted Lucifer and he took my power, and now people are dying because of it. Because of
"I'm sorry, Jack," he said, "I know you mean well but you don't understand what Dean… what we've been through together. He was in the position of saying yes to Michael before, many years ago. I stopped him then," he smiled bitterly at the memory, "well, truth be told I beat him to a pulp in an alley and locked him in a basement. I had given up everything for him, he convinced me to rebel against Heaven, he told me that it was the right thing and he made me believe it when that shouldn't have been possible, and I couldn't stand the thought of him giving up when he had just given me a reason to fight."
had me imprisoned for several months. He was still my son and we had our moments of bonding and you should be grateful because he is the
Perhaps Castiel was imagining it, but over the next few weeks he noticed Dean reaching out a little more for physical affection. He would initiate hugs, ruffle Jack's hair, touch Sam on the shoulder as he passed.
“You’d know better than me,” Sam said. “No meaning that I can work out. Isn’t this supposed to happen when it’s like… worldwide bad or something? Maybe it finally caught wind that it’s the apocalypse again.”
birthday present and giving it back to Dad would be like he never got anything at all. He looked at me then, like I'd just reminded him that he was worth something. Sometimes… when I've messed up, when I let him down, I remember that look and I think that I did something right."
I must've made things for him. Half the time I'd be fighting for him not to treat me like a kid, but the other half, I'd expect him to take charge, to figure things out and make the tough call, and he always did because I needed him to. He was my big brother and I never figured out how to step up."
“Yeah,” Dean said, flashing his badge quickly, probably just to see the boy’s face light up. “Are you Dylan?”
“My point stands, boys. You could do well for yourselves if you wanted to. And if Dean doesn’t think his face is up to par then there are plenty of valuables in the bunker that would fetch a pretty penny.”
"I wasn't gonna tell him shit!" Dean's voice had risen an octave without his say so and he was starting to feel uncomfortably warm again. He sat up straight, twitchy and uncomfortable. "You don't know what you're talking about."
He remembered a time, around eight years ago, that he had stood invisible in a room and watched Dean defend him with a fierceness he didn’t deserve. He’d been actively betraying the Winchesters then but Dean, despite the evidence, had refused to believe it of him.
Castiel traced the outline of the newly carved initials in the table, "Is it this? Do you regret asking Jack to add his name?"
“Well of course they were,” Rowena said briskly. “God just manipulated the circumstances so that you’d make those choices.”
Castiel swallowed, unable or unwilling to look away from those eyes, the eyes that he had been so intrigued by in Hell, the eyes that had laughed with him, grieved with him, frosted him out or laid themselves bare, the eyes that showed the soul of the man Castiel had fallen in love with a long time ago.
Sam worried at his lip again, looking faintly green. Clearly he didn’t relish the thought of going back to face whatever was currently guarding the bunker.
Young Sam swallowed and frowned, clearly fighting off a headache and Sam felt his heart squeeze with pity, he remembered the toll demon blood had had on him, remembered the rush of it, and the cost.
"Err… no," Dean said, "it's just a soap opera that I watch sometimes. It's stupid, but the new season just came out so it's on catchup," he shrugged.
"Sam never complains when you cook something from scratch," Castiel said casually, taking his place at the table. He didn't look at Dean, he knew that the hunter got uncomfortable when Castiel stared at him in moments like this, sometimes he ignored that in favour of getting his point across, but Castiel didn't want Dean to think of his comment as having any significance on his part, he just wanted to give him the words to mull over in his own time.
Castiel dropped a lit match into the bowl and began to chant, keeping his voice steady over the wind that buffeted the walls of the barn, sending cold gusts whistling through the gaps, causing flakes of paint to tremble and flutter around him like flower petals. The beating rain provided a rhythm for the Enochian as he prepared himself for what was going to happen next. The flames hissed and flared, spitting golden sparks, he felt the heat licking at his face but it was distant, almost like the memory of a sensation.
Castiel hummed thoughtfully for a moment, allowing Sam's immediate rush of feeling to abate slightly before challenging it.
“You’re right, it sucks,” Sam said with bite. “But whining about it isn’t going to help. We just have to deal with it, like we always do.”
He inhaled deep, and took in a breath of Cas and coffee, lavender and ozone and thick steam and the cleaning products he'd scoured the kitchen with yesterday, and more of the same on Cas himself—he guessed the mystery of who had cleaned his blood off the wall was solved—It was an odd mix of scents, but when he flopped back into the chair he felt much calmer. Although he doubted very much that he would stay that way, but for now, he could make it through his coffee before starting on the pancakes.
But now… he wasn't even sure he could make it that far. The stench of Hell was all around him, seeming to feed on his very grace. He couldn't endure it anymore, he wasn't strong enough, he-
with something as simple as a few berries and a hunk of meat. He loved immersing himself in the history of each dish, bringing to the fore facts that he had long forgotten, never deemed important enough to dwell on as a warrior of God. Sometimes, what he liked best of all was proving his old self wrong.
confidence, not just bravado. He's drinking less and eating better and hunting safer. He doesn't even cut himself off mid-sentence anymore when he's talking about a new recipe or whatever, how'd you swing that?"
And here Cas was, telling him that even after all these years of bullshit posturing and pointed looks from Sam and ignoring and burying and hiding what he felt that it would
“You really think now’s the time for a heart-to-heart?” Dean complained, but he followed anyway. Patrol was less a necessary precaution and more just a chance for Dean to get away from all the people looking to him for answers or protection or orders or
And with that, Sam slammed his hands to the table and pushed himself up. He was out the door before Dean could even react, gaping like a particularly stupid goldfish in the direction of the hallway.
He snorted heavily as he left behind the noise of the bar for the cold quiet of the street. He turned up the collar of his jacket and shoved his hands in his pockets as he began the long walk home. Not that there was much to go back to, dark rooms and a brother who was furious with him. Some happy ending they’d fought for, huh?
“This part is,” Cas answered, kneeling in front of him, resting a hand on his non-injured shoulder and inspecting his more obvious wounds.
“I will not be hungry again for another few hours,” the thing said, clearly done with any kind of small-talk. She walked out of sight and Dean heard the sounds of a door opening and closing and locking, and then footsteps fading away.
While he'd heard Cas pass in and out of the main door several times, Dean had managed to avoid detection by ducking into cupboards and spare rooms. Never before had he been so grateful at the size of the bunker. With so many places to hide it had taken him months after they'd moved in to double- and triple-check each one of the rooms to make sure nothing lurked in the shadows that shouldn't be there, but it worked to his advantage now. He told himself that it wasn't deliberate, but the knot of anxiety in his gut had loosened considerably once the war room was done and Dean could more slip between the corridors whenever he heard Cas' steady pace beating the hallways.
“What a rich tapestry you weave.” Rowena said, rolling her eyes, “I’m positively drowning in detail. You couldn’t elaborate just a wee bit more, could you?”
Dean's ears turned pink as he took the food and sat down with it, "we just got talking," he mumbled.
It wasn’t fireworks, or butterflies, or any of the other clichés found in books and TV. No, it was just… nice. It felt like something agitated settled inside him. The kiss deepened and he felt passion, yes, lust, of course, but mostly he just felt happy and warm and loved.
“Hey!” Sam said, drawing the kid’s attention back over while Dean’s face flickered through a series of painful emotions.
By the time Rowena returned with freshly washed and filled mugs the phone was black and silent and Sam looked grim but a lot calmer than he had at the beginning of the call. It was easy to forget amidst the ever-shifting tension and drama between the elder Winchester and the angel, that Castiel had struck up a deep friendship with Sam as well. Rowena thought it was actually a little unfair on him, what with Dean calling all the shots about when the angel got to stay or go.
"I'm going as fast as I can," Sam ground out through gritted teeth, and indeed, the white lines in the middle of the road had become a continuous blurry streak of orange flame as they reflected the blazing sky, the road like a broken shadow on either side. There had been a few other cars crawling around the town as they wound their way through Lebanon but once they hit the highway it was pretty much clear. It was Sunday, Cas realised suddenly, that was probably why. Fewer people had places to be on a Sunday morning, and even less would travel a distance. None of this was important, of course, he was just trying his best to ignore Sam's expectant glower as he seemed to be waiting for Cas to elaborate on his non-answer. After a few moments, Sam sighed,
Gifted to Knshelton who has been a wonderful supporter of my fics, so I figure they deserve a thank you (Though of course if MCD isn't your thing then I completely understand and you don't have to read it).
Rowena thought, biting back a smile. Not too long ago, Dean would have insisted on being the one to knock down Castiel’s door, not even pausing to consider that Castiel might not want him to. Of course, knowing how Dean and Castiel loved to misunderstand each other, this could be taken either way on Cas’ end, but she couldn’t help but be a little proud of Dean all the same. Goodness knew he had to break away from his old patterns
Dean to get Sammy outside. But it was hard to see and he kept coughing into Sammy’s blankets and he started to feel dizzy and he got to the top of the stairs and stopped, because he couldn’t hold onto the banister without letting go of Sammy, but his legs were wobbly and he wasn’t sure he should run down the stairs carrying his little brother.
“Well she hasn’t got back up yet so it’s looking good on that front.” Jody said with a grin in her voice. “But she was tough, Dean. Stronger than a young vamp should be.”
Isla folded her arms, a small frown creasing her otherwise blemish-free face. “That could be a problem.” She turned to Dean, not hostile anymore, merely a hard-ass businesswoman. “Your protection counts for a lot and the more common ingredients are no wrench to part with. But if even a third of the stories I’ve heard about you are true, you don’t exactly do common. You’ll be needing the big stuff.”
As Castiel recounted his conversation with Sam, Jack's eyes darkened, "So this has to be a trap or something, right? Michael wouldn't just let Dean
Sam met his eyes. Dean saw none of the sympathy he usually associated with Sam, none of the kindness.
“And how exactly would you have been able to help by dying ten feet from the car?” Sam bit back, unable to keep the frustration out of his voice. His nerves were shot and he slammed the door harder than necessary as he gingerly manoeuvred back into the passenger seat, rubbing at his temples while Cas helped Dean into the back. Sam was about one more sudden movement away from giving out right there, his consciousness was a tenuous thread made up of the pulse of a headache and the fact that they were still at this freaking cemetery.
“Almost,” she said, then turned to Isla with a huge smile. “Now, on the way in I saw some of your gorgeous creations and I was hoping you could squeeze me in for a wee fitting? Also, do you do repairs?”
Sure, Dean had known for years that what he felt for the angel was different to friendship, even if he didn't have a lot of friends to compare it with, it was definitely different from the brotherly feelings he'd told Cas he had. But that didn't give him the right to go
This was worse than any other time he’d been held captive. There were no taunts to bite back at, no cracks in her veneer to exploit. She wasn't bothering to try to scare him or to placate him, he was just here for when she was hungry and ignored otherwise.
"Don't you try and turn this around on me," Dean snarled low in his throat, "you winged assholes didn't care about people when you were the ones stacking everything to fall. And for what? To get Daddy's attention? If you wanted to actually do some good then you'd get off your cloud and freaking
Castiel frowned, "Can I speak to him?" He tried not to sound as desperate as he felt. Judging by the sympathy on Jack's face, he failed.
Dean grabbed it and eagerly ripped it open. It wasn’t bacon, but honestly a plain bagel looked pretty good to his empty (and still sensitive) stomach. He tore a piece off and worried it with his fingers before popping it in his mouth and chewing slowly. It was good, the way that bread was
” he spat the words like a bad taste. “That was the trigger to set this place right. This was all part of his
Another snatch of memory from the previous night came back to him then. Sam’s voice, brittle and sad.
“Oh, don’t cover up on my account.” Rowena said, trailing her eyes up the expanse of tanned and toned (and bruised) skin.
and now he was supposed to just accept that all that work had been for nothing? That he would've gotten here anyway because Chuck's fucking
A crash from behind, probably the nursery roof caving in he realised later, decided for him and he tottered down the stairs and quickly and as carefully as he could. He knew he was jostling Sammy more than he liked because he was starting to cry now. Where was Mommy? She would always take Sammy back when he cried.
As soon as he deemed himself in the clear he searched every inch of the room from his chair, he strained his aching neck around in all directions, trying to see something of use,
?! Oh, thank God." Sam let out a shallow breath when Dean groaned and blinked, scowling his confusion, he slid the .45 from under his pillow,
on it. Who knew if Cas was even interested in that kind of thing? Sure, he'd slept with April, but he'd been human and probably just wanted to try it out seeing as Dean was always cracking stupid jokes about how great sex was. He'd certainly expressed no interest in anyone before or since (unless he counted Meg, which Dean was still trying to scrub from his memory so no, he wasn't counting Meg) and was incredibly uncomfortable whenever he got hit on, his eyes getting all big and scared in what Dean called his
“And do you believe yet that good things do happen?” Cas asked. The question was light, teasing, as though Cas was expecting him to echo his past words and muster up a grin, or make a joke. But Dean was too raw for levity. Alastair still felt too close. But Cas was closer, and he at least was alive.
"Just pulled up," Sam said, slamming the driver's side door shut and walking around the hood to join him, folding his arms and looking at the angel sternly, "and I think it's about time Cas told us both what was going on."
Dean pulled out his phone, grimacing as the movement sent a fresh wave of warm blood gushing from the wound in his stomach. He had to use both hands to hold it, which meant no one was keeping pressure on the wound, which sucked. He had to try several times to unlock the thing, his fingers were sticky and the touch wasn't really registering. What the hell had been so wrong with buttons that phone companies decided to do away with them altogether? Maybe Bobby had had a point in his aversion to computers, or maybe Dean had just gotten old enough to be falling behind. At least he had signal in here. He tapped on the name and it began to ring. Dean winced as he reapplied pressure to his stomach with one hand, not that it would do much,
He got pretty lost in the film after that, they all did. The snacks were eaten as quietly as possible lest noisy chewers get a sharp look from Cas. Dean normally would've ragged on him for acting like a librarian but watching Cas watch the movie was even more interesting than the movie itself, though not all of it was good; at several points, Cas looked almost on the verge of tears and when Stitch pulled the book out the window with him, he let out a gasp that seemed to resonate from somewhere deeper than his lungs. Dean almost asked him if he was alright but something stopped him. He didn't want to interrupt what seemed to be the kind of experience he himself had talked about earlier. Not quite the escape Cas had mentioned, but the thing Dean had meant but couldn't express. When a movie caught you, sucked you in, it wasn't escapism, not exactly; it was finding something there that felt familiar and
wrath that had levelled cities or sent plagues, she had only been cleaning up the mess, with a different face, of course.
“Or it might not have been him,” Sam said, desperately reaching. “Or he might have found someone...”
"I've never been able to help him," Sam said miserably, clearly caught in his dark train of thought, "not really," he glanced up at Castiel and there were unshed tears in his hazel eyes, "I've known Dean my
Combined, all this should be enough to take out the whole of Purgatory, but Dean doubted that anything but the God gun would even make a dent. He looked over at Sam and Cas, who were also looking over the table with equally grim expressions, clearly the same thought had struck them too, considering the way Sam's eyes kept sliding back to the God gun, and the way Cas' avoided it.
else to do. Because your purpose since Lucifer fell has been preparing for the apocalypse. But you never planned what you would do afterwards, did you? It never crossed your mind that after all of the accolades and the pride you would still have to go on with the knowledge that you killed your brother because your Father told you to. And then you get a second chance and you come here, and you get to kill Lucifer all over again and you have your purpose back and now you have your sword. But you won, again, and now you're floundering, again, because you're afraid that there is nothing else to you. So you want to tear it all down so there will be no one left to watch you grieve."
, he was an asshole and a fuckup and Cas knew too much about what went on behind his 'aesthetically pleasant' face to ever see him that way. Honestly, most days he was amazed that Cas even called him friend, let alone all the extra lengths he had gone to time and again, favours called in, choosing the Winchesters over the other angels, just
She rolled her eyes, knowing that he couldn’t see her. As smart as he was, Dean sure was an idiot sometimes. Of
Sorry it's late! That episode BROKE ME so all I had in my brain was a record-scratching sound. It hurt so good. Thoughts?
“Well I don’t want to be an embarrassment,” he said, flipping the lid of the laptop closed and making to stand but Dean grabbed his sleeve and tugged him back down.
The scuffling continued for a while and then stopped. Dean forced his eyes open when he heard the footsteps, regular, heavy, and it must be feeding time because Dean’s body was already straining in his bindings, trying to get as far away from the door as possible.
Jack gathered up the bag containing their spoils and went on ahead while Cas took a moment to brace himself for more anger, he had no doubts that Dean had raged the entire way home and although he had probably vented enough to keep it contained in front of Jack, Cas wasn't sure he was ready for the pointed jabs or hard looks he was sure to get.
of hassle for little reward. Plus, there was an aura around the place. The clothes are most likely the passion project serving as a front and the
"We've got him," Sam's voice was quiet and it wobbled as though he couldn't quite believe it, "he's okay."
“I was just comparing different versions of the Bible,” he said. “But kicking us out the bunker wouldn’t stop us from doing that. I mean, there’s a King James in every motel room,” he gestured to the nightstand, “and the internet is a thing. Pretty sure every religious text ever written is on there if you dive deep enough.”
live without you, I can in fact, be quite content, I want this to be a new start, on equal footing. I can't go back to taking your orders without question, I will not fall back into that pattern of just letting it slide if you are cruel to me for the sake of cruelty, no matter your insecurities or your fears. I want to help you through them, Dean, and I want to be there for you, but I will not be your punching bag. Is that understood?"
“Mass panic must give him a headache,” Dean said, placing three steaming mugs on the table and dividing them out. “With all the prayers.”
The brothers looked at each other again and had another, much shorter, silent conversation while Rowena glowered at them, unnoticed.
he had gone a little overboard when Sam had let him loose in the snack aisle at the local Hy-Vee, but this was their first movie night in months, what with Cas coming back from the dead and then searching for Jack and looking for a way to get Mary back from Apocalypse World and Dean going there with Ketch and everything else that had happened, there just hadn't been a time where they'd all felt safe enough to relax. But now Lucifer was dead and their family was all firmly in the same universe, it was long overdue.
the apocalypse for our revenge side-quest?” Sam snapped back. “We’ll find Jacob wherever he goes, Dean.
"Well..." Sam said as though mulling over each strand of thought as he processed it for speech, "like Cas said, if he breaks the deal, the Empty takes Jack, if
He'd expected some awkwardness after that conversation but the next morning Sam had caught wind of another case and they'd re-packed the impala and headed out. Castiel didn't hunt much with the Winchesters anymore. Instead he spent his time training Jack in combat. They had all agreed that they would not take Jack on another case until he learned more control over his powers, and Castiel had insisted that when that happened, he would need to know how to fight like a human. Sam and Dean helped out too, Sam taught him more hand-to-hand combat while Dean took over teaching him to shoot and Castiel focused more on the art of fighting with a blade. Jack excelled at all three, though he needed to work on his patience and his instincts, which Dean argued would only come with actual experience out in the world. Castiel was less sure, he wanted to give Jack the opportunity to hone his skills in a safe place where his emotions—and therefore his powers—wouldn't overwhelm him and lead to another accident like Dodge City. He missed hunting but Jack needed him more. He knew that the brothers could handle themselves, but that didn't stop him from worrying. Even if they did check in every couple of days.
“Okay,” Dean said, keeping his voice low as he turned to her with a couple of worn band t-shirts and some half-decent plaid folded over his arm, his patience officially run out. “You’re older than everybody in here and right now, it shows.”
His chest was tight as he approached, his breathing stilted, and all the things he wanted to say threatened to tumble from his throat as Dean met his eyes and took a half-step back, his eyes creasing into one of those rare, genuine smiles that never failed to make something comfortable and warm settle somewhere in Castiel's ribcage. Then, Jack was walking forward for a hug and the connection broke for a brief moment before Dean's eyes flicked back to his.
Cas nodded solemnly and turned his attention back to the screen. The first artist had lots of strong black lines and straight edges. The second a lot of portraits, neither of which really appealed to him.
“Suhme,” was the sound that left his mouth, though he couldn't seem to connect the sound to a thought.
His stomach lurched, nope, no way was he gonna make it to the kitchen to get coffee, even the thought of it made his guts twist. He felt around, taking minute steps until he got to the bathroom, then he fell on his knees in front of the toilet bowl and ejected everything that he had eaten at the picnic.
the thing was that Chuck wanted to keep from you, it’s still locked up in the bunker. The gun or a book or a magical dishcloth, it makes no difference if we can’t get to it anyway.”
“Have you found anything on Jacob?” he asked. The name of Cas’ murderer stuck in his throat and he took another bite of the bagel to cover it. He didn’t remember Jacob, he was just one of the many faceless Apocalypse World survivors that had crowded up his home after Michael had left him the first time. Sam said he hadn’t even stuck around, apparently distrustful of everyone since the angel raid that had killed his family. Dean could understand that, but Cas wasn’t even from that world, let alone in league with those assholes. He was
Calloused fingertips under his chin tilted his head up, though he couldn't meet Cas' eyes, couldn't look at the disappointment and hurt that was probably swimming around in there. Maybe Cas would punch him; he'd deserve it, and it'd hurt less than watching Cas quietly learn to hate him. He kept his focus on the collar of Cas' white dress shirt, the top button was undone so the collar was loose. Somewhere along the way, Cas had learned what it was to be comfortable.
Jack considered him for a few moments before breaking the eye contact and looking down, "I'm sorry, Cas," he said, sounding truly regretful, "but that doesn't get rid of Michael. This is about more than just Dean."
“Yeah,” Sam said. “I’ll call you tomorrow or something, I think the next step is figuring out our next step, you know?”
"Then Belphegor would be ruling Hell and powered with over a billion souls!" Sam said, voice raising with his obvious frustration. "And Rowena
Sam set his stance to something immovable and squared off against his other self. It was more posturing than anything. He was used to having a height advantage against his opponents and had learned to use it in the way he structured himself; it lent him an edge that even a lot of supercharged creatures were unprepared for. But soulless him knew that just as well as he did, if the smirk on his face was anything to go by.
“My loyal and valued subjects,” she began, scanning over the tables. Many were people she knew from her daily life, others were familiar only in Moondoor, others still were people that she had only spoken to online. She might not know all of them, and she certainly didn’t
“And where did you get the money for this ‘little luxury’?” Dean snapped as Rowena pressed the button for the elevator. “We can’t all seduce rich old douchebags.”
Sam and Rowena inspected the wards and possible mechanical issues around the bunker’s perimeter while Dean shared his plan with Cas about what he was going to do once they were inside. Cas could say with absolute certainty that he did not like this plan, but agreed that they had little in the way of choice. He was fairly sure that an angel blade would dispatch the creature, but if they tried it and failed, Dean’s plan would become irrelevant, so he was allocated as the backup instead, with Dean taking point on direct contact.
He emerged in a clearing and lightning forked above him in greeting. He raised his eyes to the sky, letting the water hit him, creating rivulets in the creases of his skin. He felt… energised as lightning flashed again, striking the very edge of the clearing, adding smoke and electricity to the smells of rain and earth. Storms were a meeting of all four elements, they carried a kind of magic in them that had always drawn Castiel. Very few other angels felt the storm as he did, and none were left now.
Still, he shouldn't have pushed that blade into his hand. He definitely had to apologise. He fingered the keyring in his pocket having slipped it from the bag. Another foolish action but he seemed prone to those of late, and he wanted to give it to Dean himself.
"And this is me being one." Sam retorted, whirling around to face him, his eyes blazing, "I'm telling you that going back to Heaven is a mistake. This is your
He had sworn to protect him; he had promised Kelly, promised himself that he would do whatever it took to keep Jack safe. He had given up any possibility of happiness to save the boy’s soul, he had
He was scrubbing at a particularly tenacious glob of syrup when the lights in the bunker went out. The plate slipped from his fingers and landed with a crash back into the sink, sending soapy water sloshing onto his shirt.
"That sounds fun." Jack agreed, brightening almost immediately. Cas smiled at him and told him to keep an eye out for the turning.
Dean jerked backwards like he'd been electrocuted but Cas yanked him back, his fingers were closed around the hilt of the blade and held there, Cas pressed forward until the tip of the blade hit skin. At the contact Dean let out a sound that was half a sob and ripped himself away, the blade fell and hit the ground with a soft thunk. They stared at each other for a few seconds, the righteous fury in Cas' eyes dimming when he saw whatever was on Dean's face.
Rowena was pretty sure his smile was supposed to be charming, but it was a little too tight at the edges to be genuine. Lauren looked at him strangely and turned back to her and Sam. “Well, Dylan didn’t see exactly where they went, but your agent’s car was seen leaving town before sun-up that same night. I called Walter but he said Agent Cyrus never checked out so I assumed they were coming back.”
Sam sighed heavily and Rowena noticed the crease along his forehead and the mechanical way he kept chewing even after swallowing his mouthful of sub and she realised that he was just as worried as Dean was.
“You do?” Sam said, ever the excitable student, “how come it doesn’t show up when you manifest your wings?”
The kitchen slowly filled with the smell of pancakes and bacon, the rhythmic sound of Sam’s spoon scraping against the sides of the bowl and Dean humming through his favourite AC/DC songs. When he turned back around to serve, he almost expected to see Cas and Jack sat there too, Jack expectant for breakfast, Cas fond and just enjoying the company. He even pictured Mary leaning in the doorway, hair mussed from sleep.
protect you. I can change my form, concentrate my grace into a shield around you. It won't be using energy on flight or movement so it will not weaken and my grace will replenish more quickly. No demon will be able to get through. You will be safe until my siblings come for you."
“Come on,” Sam said again, more gently, taking him by the elbow and trying not to lean on him too hard.
"Movies can do that to ya," Dean said carefully, still pulling the soft cloth rhythmically over his hands, waiting for Cas to elaborate.
“Forgot to grab some clean stuff,” he mumbled, gesturing to the bag, which Sam promptly tossed his way.
Sam lurched sideways to grab his brother and tug him back into the war room; at least there was space to manoeuvre in here, and there should be a blade for Dean stashed behind one of the cupboards if he could get to it.
"I'm tired," Sam said conspiratorially from the passenger seat, "we did walk around the whole lake."
He set the dryer spinning and set another timer on his phone, wincing as he came up empty on how he was going to spend the next two hours. It was still way too early for lunch and there was no way he was gonna go searching for a hunt while they were all still licking their wounds, plus there was nothing else to clean and he was far too antsy to settle down for a movie. After a few restless minutes of his anxiety level increasing the longer he stayed still, he decided to go and hit the gym. Grabbing a change of clothes from his room on the way, he felt a calm descend over him as he followed a plan, albeit a hastily constructed one. It was unusual really, as a general rule he much preferred to wing it, but his improv skills had been lacking lately so maybe a solid course of action was what he needed. He would work out until the just before the drying was done, then he would shower and finish off the laundry, separating and folding the items into two baskets, drop Sam's off at his room and then head back to his room, have a beer and finally pick up that Vonnegut novel he'd been halfway through for about three months now. He'd power through two chapters of that and then it would be time to make lunch.
"Happy Hall- oh." His face fell as soon as he saw Dean, and the hand holding the bowl of candy dropped, spilling a few Jolly Ranchers onto the dirty beige carpet.
But seeing Sam’s soft smile, as he surveyed the new, ‘better’ system he’d created, content in his work for another few months, looking so proud and so nerdy and so goddamn
Sam's jaw clenched as he helped Cas into the passenger seat. He leaned over to hold the angel's gaze.
“Hello boys,” trilled a delicately accented voice. “I have a riddle for you. When’s a ghost not a ghost?”
to be said aloud, the words exchanged with every touch, every meeting of their eyes, but before he could even try to voice them, Dean's head snapped back, dying grace exploding from his eyes against the flow of the rain. Lightning crashed around them, the wind screamed alongside him; the scream resonated with Castiel's grace, transcending Dean's human voice, straining his vocal chords like a guitar string about to snap.
When she’d been hit by that semi she’d thought she was done. She’d been sure the owner of the salvage yard she’d been towed to would have her gutted and crushed into a cube, but no. Dean had saved her. Dean had pulled out her dents and fitted her with new parts and yes, okay, he’d also beaten her with a tyre iron but then he’d fixed that too. He’d spent
Stupid toxic masculinity, stupid societal pressures that tried to enforce conformity. Stupid Dean being too bullheaded to let himself do something that he liked just because he wanted to. Men were so delicate and exhausting. She was so glad she was gay.
the salt hit the thing but it missed, or that ghost was an anomaly rather than the new normal. Either way, it can’t hurt to double check.”
He took a moment in the chilly hallway to gather himself, (he seemed to be doing that a lot lately) and then turned and strode purposefully towards Dean's room. He hoped Dean would hear him out; this thing between them, whatever it was, had been building for years and Cas wanted it, he wanted it so badly that it would be worth going to the Empty just to take a few moments to see those green eyes light up, to trace the line of his jaw, to pull him into a kiss. It would be worth it. And he had waited long enough.
His musing was cut off when a phone began to ring. Looking over, he saw Sam jump at the sound before digging in his pocket.
"Whenever you're ready," Castiel assured him, "but I have no doubts that they will be happy for us."
His chest was on fire, when had he stopped breathing? He tried it now but couldn't quite remember how. There was a strange rattling wheeze around him, was it Baby? Had he missed something when checking her engine last week? Had he messed up the way he'd messed up protecting Sammy? Maybe if he'd listened to John, if he'd been better at squashing it, maybe Sammy wouldn't have had to jump into literal Hell with the devil riding shotgun, if he'd been less distracted by Cas, maybe he wouldn't have gotten pinned by those vamps in Apocalypse World and had to watch helplessly as they tore out his brother's throat.
He wondered if Heaven had sent more angels after him, or if they had simply given up the mission as a lost cause. Dean Winchester had broken the first Seal after all, he had felt the snap inside his grace as the Seal splintered, a warning of something new, something only spoken of with an air of reverence and skepticism in Heaven. There was no turning back, the Apocalypse had begun. Dean Winchester would be needed to house Michael, but that need was much less pressing than protecting the other seals. He should be with them. Instead he was here, in this festering space of pain and despair. And here he would stay unless he could find the Righteous Man. He knew that as surely as he knew the names of all the prophets. He would not leave Hell without Dean Winchester. He had abandoned his own for this mission, he would see it through. The tug had grown clearer over the past few days, a more solid directional pull than just vaguely downwards and the singular demonic entities became groups, leaving him weaker with every pulse of grace he had to expend.
But it was only Sam and Dean felt his heart sink, just a little. He whisked away Sam’s empty bowl and replaced it with a small stack of pancakes. He then set his own down before grabbing the bottle of syrup from the cupboard and gathering cutlery so Sam had time to squeeze a dollop on the side of his plate before Dean drowned his own.
His hand curled smoothly and Castiel felt his knees break. The storm was back in full force as he fell with a cry of shock and pain that was swallowed up by the thunder, stumbling before his grace had the chance to repair the damage. By that time Michael had hold of the lapels of his trenchcoat, his face so close, twisted with malice that didn't belong, eyes that were so cold their gaze burned but Castiel couldn't look away, there was something else in them, a spark, a fleck of gold in those beautiful irises that almost seemed to dance. It ripped at something in him, that light shouldn't be caged.
Dean laughed again, Castiel decided that he liked the sound very much. "Heal me up, doc," Dean said, spreading his arms out.
Dean entered first and held the door open for Rowena. They both had dopey, relaxed smiles on their faces.
“Sammy, come on. We’re leaving.” Dean was there, his brother with the panicked voice and the two eyes and the warm hand tugging on his elbow. His mind snapped back into itself and he stumbled a few steps after Dean before halting, his brain whirring over the past few minutes, catching up after that thing had driven everything but fear from his mind.
“Dean! What the hell are you doing?!” Sam cried, letting go of Cas and pushing the angel towards Dean instead. Cas rolled his eyes but went, taking one of Dean’s arms and slinging it over his shoulder, his own arm wrapping securely around his waist.
“What? What is it?” Rowena asked, cursing her shorter legs. She reached them both a few seconds later, followed Sam’s eerily blank gaze and her heart sank.
"Breathe," Sam said, undoing his seatbelt and twisting to face his brother properly, reaching out a hand to place it, warm and heavy on his shoulder, "take it slow, just breathe."
Rowena didn’t believe that, and she didn’t believe that Dean believed it either. “Right,” she said. “I’m sure there’s a reasonable explanation.”
"But you saved the rest of us." Jack said, a crease forming between his eyes. "Shouldn't she forgive you?"
? Dean had had a panic attack not even an hour before and he'd pushed on the very issue that had caused it. Dean wasn't ready, he would've told Sam if he was. He was so stupid for thinking
“Thanks,” Dean muttered, scrambling after his brother as fast as he could, anything to get away from this awful, cloying cloud of guilt. He reached Sam at the door and helped him pull it open; Cas might have taken care of their injuries, but he hadn’t quite reached the bone-deep weariness that always seemed to settle after a fight gone bad.
He sat on a bed he didn’t need watching the room grow darker. He didn’t bother turning on the light, he could see just fine. His
But despite all of that, Dean had always had faith, not in Chuck, not in fate, not that things were gonna work out in the end, because boy had he been proven wrong on that account more than once, but he'd always believed in his own agency. He'd been certain that his choices made a real difference to the world and good or bad, they were his responsibility.
Phew, so posted with an hour left of the day, this one was a struggle, I have to admit. And I'm not super sure it's finished but it will have to do for now.
If Cas had asked his opinion he’d have said perhaps a little on the nose but he would have been eating those words.
He hesitated before picking up Sam's basket in both hands. Right. Laundry, done. Now he just had to drop these back outside Sam's room and then take his own back to his, put the stuff away and then he'd make lunch. He wasn't sure what he was going to do yet. Sam probably wouldn't appreciate greasy comfort food and he wasn't really feeling it either to be honest, but they all needed something more than whatever the hell kale was to actually make them feel better. He pondered his options and dropped the basket outside Sam's door with enough noise to alert him that something was happening but not enough to make him think it was urgent if he didn't wanna come out right away.
The kitchen was empty when he got there and he was grateful. He knew Sam probably wouldn't come out of his room without the promise of food and Cas was probably off doing research or something angel-y. Honestly, what Cas did in his spare time was still a mystery unless you caught him doing something weird like reading the refrigerator manual or returning from the store with nothing but a rubber duck and a small birdhouse, but he had never begged off a movie night like the others did sometimes, even Jack. Kid just didn't appreciate the classics.
He rubbed at his chin, considering, before snapping his fingers with an idea. He then headed for the pantry, he knew he'd seen just the thing…
“I wasn’t,” Dean replied, shame bubbling acidic in his gut. “A part of me has been him ever since Hell. I—uh—thanks for snapping me out of it.” He didn’t say that he’d been afraid of that part of him for as long as he could remember, avoided acknowledging it, burying it as deep as he possibly could, almost certain that even to think about it would drag him back into the Pit and never let him out. He also didn’t say how some of that fear was gone now. Alastair was still a part of him, yes, but he had just proven that it didn’t control him. He
Castiel's heart broke at the simple confession. For all Sam's thirty-six hard years he sounded so young, like the child Dean had never really been able to look past, the little brother he had tried so hard to protect. Castiel placed his hand on Sam's shoulder, wishing that he could do more than share Sam's pain.
“If that’s what you’d rather do. We’d be happy to have you back anytime, but this would help a lot too. So it’s up to you.”
“God invaded the bunker with evil versions of ourselves,” Dean said eventually. “They chased us out.”
"And you think me and Dean are less honest around each other?" Sam said, he didn't sound accusatory, only like he was trying to puzzle something out.
Pained, but knowing he could do nothing to help, Sam turned away just as his own opponent rushed him. He brought the knife up, pressing it through skin, under ribs, and twisting maliciously as it pierced his other self’s heart. His eyes widened, and his jaw fell slack.
“We should probably go get the others,” he said, turning to make his way back to the door. “Maybe Rowena’s got a spell that’ll make cleaning up go easier.”
He heard the gentle clearing of a throat and looked up, Dean had raised his arm across the top of the seats and was inviting him in with a tilt of his head.
"Of course not." Sam said earnestly, "I'm just saying, this is way above our paygrade. And it's not really our choice to make."
Dean knew he was saying the words 'I'm sorry' a lot. Maybe too much. Not because he didn't mean every single apology, but because he was worried that they would start to sound empty.
Dean had nothing to say to that. He swilled his drink around the glass, watching the ice chips collide with each other in the tiny whirlpool.
"So… Dean's gone to kill Naomi because he thinks she's brainwashing you?" Jack asked from the back seat. They had only been able to give him a rudimentary rundown of the situation in the time before bundling into the car and he was still processing. Cas had healed him too, he would let the boy experience a hangover when they
"And you have helped me learn to trust myself, beyond hunting instinct. In all the little ways that I never thought mattered. You make me feel like I can take on anything," Dean's voice was raspier now, harsher, despite the soft words, "you make me feel braver than I ever thought I could be. And it's stupid, but sometimes you look at me and you make me feel like I'm worth looking at. And no one,
“We’d appreciate it. Thank you,” Sam said. “Maybe hold off for now. Like Agent Platt said, it’s probably nothing. We don’t want to bother you if it turns out he’s just the next town over.”
"Hey, open your eyes, you winged dick," came a ragged voice from in front of him. Automatically Castiel obeyed and the hard edges of Dean Winchester's face swam into view.
of them are fine. Like all the political stuff and the crappy reality shows, you know, the ones that catching you up on would be a huge chore." Dean turned his full attention to pouring soda into three plastic cups but he could feel Cas' glare burning into the side of his head.
Cas stepped through the door and closed it behind him while Sam flipped on the light, wincing at the harsh brightness, and shoved the clothes he had been wearing the evening before from a chair in the corner onto the floor and snatching up a water bottle from his desk, taking a long drink from the contents as he waved for Cas to sit. He did, looking around, curious; he didn't come into Sam's room much. It was messy, with books strewn everywhere, post-it notes marking dozens of pages in each volume. Every furniture surface was covered with a thin film of dust, except for the smaller desk in the far corner which had an open sketchpad on it, doodles covered the double page and there was a large set of coloured pastels laid neatly next to it.
“Oh.” Lauren didn’t say anything else, didn’t apologise. Her own grief apparently taught her that sorry meant very little. Cas wished he’d shown her the same courtesy earlier.
worried, he'd said the words as a statement of fact, but it was still something that probably required more of an answer than a shrug and a grunt. Luckily, Sam jumped in. He played it calm too, even as Dean gaped at him like a terrified fish he carefully placed his fork and phone down on the table and leaned towards Jack to show he had his full attention, smiling the same smile that had put dozens of concerned family members at ease.
"Man, his face was priceless," Dean said, still chuckling as he flicked flour, egg and sugar off the counter with a towel, "totally worth the cleanup."
Dean watched him go, mind churning, but when the washing machine beeped a few seconds later he dragged his eyes away from the now-empty hallway and continued with his task. Sure, there were some things about yesterday that weren't his fault at the
Sam couldn’t help the smile that pulled at his cheeks. She knew him so well, this tiny, red-haired tornado in human form. He hadn’t mentioned his plans to her, and yet she knew, just as she knew that Dean also wanted to relax in the spa, but would never have mentioned it. She was far more observant than they gave her credit for, and far kinder than she would ever admit to. He wasn’t too proud to admit that he might be developing a small crush, so when they’d cleaned up (using Rowena’s shower because the other bathroom was still dangerously smokey), Sam offered her his arm to escort her downstairs. She looked delighted at this small gesture and glided alongside him as graceful and proud as a queen. Dean trailed along slightly behind, and Sam could almost feel his questioning gaze. His brother might be oblivious to his
He rubbed his knuckles hard into his eyes and wished Sam had woken him up with bourbon rather than water. He wanted to chase this spiral all the way to the bottom and keep on digging. His Cas had died hating him, his Cas had never wanted to be his anyway. His Cas had hated him so much that he’d preferred to drive all the way out here to fucking Cope, Colorado than hear him say he was sorry.
Once the healing was done, Castiel raised his palm to Dean's head. He felt an intense sorrow that Dean was not going to recall anything about him, but Heaven had a plan, and Castiel was made to follow that plan.
something. Something nice for Sam and Jack. Yesterday had been shitty, so maybe bacon and pancakes would make things less shitty today. Also, it might be good to get his own read on how the kid was doing. He trusted Cas' assessment of course, but 'I don't know' wasn't the most helpful diagnosis.
. But I need him, man. He's like the one person I trust to watch our backs, completely, and... he was with me in Purgatory, he saw me in Hell, he knows better than anyone what I was, what I did, and he's never treated me different, he's never looked at me the way you sometimes look at me, the way Jack looks at me when I'm being a dick. Not afraid but like… like you
"Thing jumped me anyway. Knocked me out. I woke up in the middle of the maze. Only know that's where it is 'cause we were in here, what, two days ago?"
She’d told Dean that she was uninterested in having a crisis of faith and that was true, but it was very strange to her that God was even something to consider at all. Not that she hadn’t believed; she’d believed in Lucifer after all, even before she’d met him and loved him and hated him and been killed by him
“No, I do. I just wanna see it for myself. She said salt doesn’t work but she didn’t try iron, so we don’t know what that does or doesn’t do anymore. Or maybe she just
, you know? I can’t just wait around in a hotel room for Chuck to make his move, I’m tired of playing his game.”
"Maybe, but we're still gonna worry. That's what family does," Sam reached out to clap him on the shoulder, "and with all this
"That's not what I asked. Sam said that Dean nearly proposed to you. Don't you have to be in love to get married?"
How could he return such purity when everything he was was sullied? How could he touch him without leaving bruises or smudges of filth behind? How could a man of no faith hold divinity between his palms? Feel it on his lips? Take it inside himself to cherish and nurture?
"What is?" Dean asked and a strange, curdled sensation slipping around in his stomach, like he'd just swallowed an ice cube after not eating all day.
There was a rough dirt road that he and Sam had only been through a handful of times, it led further into the forest than even the bunker, albeit round the other side, and at the very end and a little bit further was a small lake. It was rubbish for fishing and there was no beach or anyplace to camp and one side backed onto a cliff wall so it was always deserted, he doubted that many of the townsfolk even knew it was there, but on a nice day the sun spat rainbows onto the water's surface and the rock dust from the cliff floated down in swirling patterns, dancing in the wind, and there was a piece of grassy earth that jutted out over the water, the perfect place to lay down a blanket and set up for what was probably the strangest picnic party of all time. He parked Baby just before the site and Sam was out of the car immediately, tugging Jack from his seat in the back to help him get the stuff from the trunk before the kid had even registered they'd stopped. Cas chuckled and patted Dean on the shoulder before getting out to help. Dean sat there a moment after killing the engine, listening to Baby settle around him with the gentle pops and crackles that he knew by heart at this point.
“Oh, so you’re telling me that you wouldn’t be pissed that we drove all the way out here, worried about the guy, to find out that he was just too busy getting his rocks off to send a text?”
Jack's expression darkened and he stood too, walking forward a few paces to lean against the corner of the table, arms folded, "I understand that this is hard-" Jack began in the kind of reasonable tone that he himself had used on Dean many times, only now did he understand how infuriating it was.
He emerged at the base of a small, grassy hill. In the summer the hill was usually adorned with a rainbow of wildflowers but now, in April, there were only a few early bloomers, pops of white the only colour he could really discern in the dark.
It took a long time, over twice as long as his last attack, Sam sat there for almost twenty minutes, holding his brother's hand to his own chest, heart in his throat and apologies spewing from his mouth. It had been so long that he was actually seriously considering calling Cas, he wasn't sure how much use angelic healing would be against pure fear but at least he'd feel less alone. Eventually, Dean's breathing eased, unconsciously matching rhythms to the one he could feel and his eyes, which had been wide and staring, blinked and focussed on him once again.
“I want a tattoo,” Cas said one morning, completely out of the blue and while Dean was still dangerously in his first sips of his first coffee.
"Well okay then," he said. "I think I've got a spare suit jacket you can use when we need to pass off as feds."
Dean forced a chuckle and gestured him in, Cas followed, looking slightly nervous. Dean slid two plates stacked high with pancakes and looked askance at Cas before plating up a single pancake and plonking it in front of the angel. He grabbed a bottle of syrup and proceeded to drench his pancakes in the stuff, Jack followed suit, the kid had a major sweet tooth. Cas however, only dribbled a thin swirl on top of his own before cutting into it.
Dean chuckled, following him out of the room towards the garage, "you know that light means something, right? Like your oil pressure, or your brakes."
It was a complex thing, especially when your relationship with your child was more complex than the easy and unconditional love shown in modern media. It hadn’t been that way for her and honestly she’d never wanted it. She’d never regretted pursuing her own life, even when that meant leaving her son behind. She hadn’t missed him either, but there had been moments she’d wondered about him, wondered how his life had been. Finding him again after three hundred years had been fraught with its own problems. She’d been proud that he’d risen through the ranks of Hell to become a ruler in his own right, but his resentment of her made it difficult to gain anything from the reunion. She certainly hadn’t enjoyed being ‘kept’ by him and the antagonism on both sides had kept growing.
Those words filtered through his brain as he stared at the little rectangle of plastic and, for the third time that day, felt tears prick at his eyes.
Castiel wouldn’t smile, he wouldn’t give Dean the satisfaction, especially seeing as he’d just called him a bug.
"After that he picked Zeppelin. Said he never got tired of it, no matter how many times Dad turned the tapes over. One time he took me to a record shop and wrote out the title of every single Zepp song they had and how long each one was. He worked out how many he'd be able to put onto a tape. It took him
“Mommy!” He yelled, more scared than he’d ever been in his whole life, his house was on fire and he was alone and he could barely hear his own voice over the roar of the flames. “Daddy!”
“Not that I could be any help to you anyway,” Cas continued, the bitterness oozing through the phone. “Do you know why I took so long to pick up? I was
Dean flipped the rag back over his shoulder and leaned his hip against the corvette. "Whether it's supposed to be or not, you're not wrong to look at it that way," Dean said, "anything can mean anything if it's argued the right way but that doesn't matter. What matters is how it makes you feel."
try to help with the re-organising on the floor, he wasn’t suicidal) and he would pass Sam the next few books in the sequence to be carefully slotted into place.
Castiel swallowed, nodding. Sam was right, it didn't help. He'd known on some level, or at least suspected that Dean returned his feelings, not that it mattered, it wasn't like that knowledge changed anything. It didn't make what he'd done hurt any less, it didn't make Dean any less dead.
“Then it’ll be a waste of what will probably be the only opportunity we get. You’re right. I know I can’t keep it from him forever, just… not yet. We’ll find Cas and get his help on this and it might not even come up until after when we have another plan. But we have to do more than distract that thing. How are we gonna figure out what young me
Castiel's jaw worked but the words wouldn't come out. He couldn't say them; he was cradling Dean's cold body in his lap but his heart rebelled against him.
“So why the tattoo now?” Giva asked, her pencil stilling for a moment, “This is your first important one, but you waited ten years?”
Cas tilted his head, formulating his answer before speaking, looking down at his own hands, “For years after I met Dean, my body didn’t feel like my own. Like it was someone else’s and I was just using it. It has taken me a long time to… settle into my own skin, as it were. These clothes are his but they fit me now and so have become mine. My other tattoos are copies, but
He breathed in, deep, grounding, and straightened himself up, wincing at the ominous crunching sound that came from his knees as he did so. He should probably be more careful, Cas wasn’t gonna be able to take that shit away anymore.
"Please." He said through tight teeth. It was all he had left, the last act of a desperate man. "Michael, please. I'm asking you, as your brother, let him go. Let him come
Not so long ago she would have shaken her head and let Dean do whatever it took to take down their common enemy, but what she’d told him the night before was true. They really were her favourite people because who else did she have? Every acquaintance she’d ever had had been for a purpose, because they’d had something she wanted or could use. She didn’t regret that, she’d come a long way from the daughter of a pig farmer after all and she was proud of the steps she’d taken to get here. She wouldn’t have been nearly as powerful or achieved nearly so much if she’d allowed herself to get bogged down in sentimentality. But with the Winchesters… especially Sam, she’d found someone who shared in her worst experiences. Who understood them on a level that only those who had been chosen and manipulated by Lucifer himself could know. It was a vulnerability he’d torn into her and she hated him all the more for it, but forming a genuine connection to Sam had helped, and bridging the gap between herself and the world had also helped, made her feel less alone.
Castiel kept his face neutral and waited until Dean had calmed down enough to hear him clearly before he spoke.
His lips pulled up into a small smile even as Michael spilled his guts onto the soiled ground. "It's alright, Dean." He whispered, reaching a hand up to rest it against Michael's cheek, his thumb brushing over the freckles that softened the hard lines, adding a child-like quality to the face of the man who had been forced to grow up too fast. "It's going to be alright."
“Someone could’ve taken it to cover their tracks. If this is a preferred hunting ground then they’re gonna want to avoid an investigation into the missing FBI agent,” Sam reasoned. “He wouldn’t leave without checking in. He wouldn’t… right?”
"I-" Cas cleared his throat, "I offered Dean a choice. But no, I was never going to use the blade on him."
"Wait… what's going on?" Sam asked, glancing at Jack in the rear-view, and then at Cas, suspicion casting over his face like a shadow. "There's something else, isn't there?"
"I mean, don't get me wrong, this life has mostly sucked ass. But I'm tired of running. That's what I always did before, when Dean died. I'd just pack up and run, either chasing normal or looking for a way to get him back. But that doesn't feel right this time, does it? Dean isn't all I've got anymore. I've got Mom now, and you and Jack and hell, even Bobby and Charlie, or at least versions of them. And Dean's dead, and nothing's okay right now, but this time I feel like, I don't know, like maybe it
The screen went black and Dean almost hurled the damn thing into the trees. Instead he curled his fingers around it and shoved it back in his jacket pocket along with this hands, only just realising that his fingers had gone numb with the cold. But that was alright, they weren’t the only things about him that were.
was. Whatever Castiel had shown him had been enough. So he stood, told Dean goodnight, and left, because there was nothing else to say.
"I'm glad you're okay, Dean." Jack said with a crooked smile, breaking Dean from his reverie. "We were all really worried when you wouldn't wake up. I wanted to use my powers but-" He glanced at Cas, whose expression had hardened. Jack scowled in response, "Look, I know you're all worried about me but I'm fine. I'm better than fine. I still feel emotions, okay? And I
"No," Dean said softly, "I need to remember. I need to know what I can become." After a moment, he shook himself, "so leave that scar, okay? If there's one thing I didn't hate about that place, it's you."
“Favours aren’t a currency I accept. Too messy and hard to place a value on. But a business like this could always use a contractor or two on the payroll. You can work for it.”
Sam nodded and they headed back the way they’d come, but just as they hit the doorway Dean came face to face with a pair of black eyes and a terrifying grin.
"I'm sorry you saw that," he said eventually, indicating a left turn at the end of a quiet lane before pulling out.
He heard the sniff and swallow click in Sam's throat before he spoke, rounding the pyre where he'd been adding on a few more twigs.
"I apologise for any discomfort," he said instead before using his wings to propel him forwards quicker than the soul could retreat. He grasped it by the shoulder and the Righteous Man screamed as his flesh sizzled from the contact with his grace.
Sometimes he took the lyrics at face value, took comfort in a song that told him to just keep on chugging. It was more soothing than any of those stupid cross-stitched messages that adorned the walls of far too many homes in his opinion. Stuff like
us. Twice, he killed the gorgon too. I don't think that there was anything we could've done differently. And I'm worried too, I'm goddamn terrified of what happens next, but whatever consequences we made, they're better than at least some of the alternatives. Michael's dead, and he didn't destroy cities. Jack's alive and still has at least part of his soul and you no longer have that damn box looming over you. Things could be way worse, right?"
So instead he watched, quietly cataloguing each moment that the feeling engulfed him and tried to make Dean see it for himself.
The remains of a phone, a collection of glass fragments and broken plastic were scattered in the dirt, and two long, black, ashy shadows had been burned there.
"I'm also glad you managed to get some sleep. I know you haven't exactly felt comfortable sleeping in weeks, it was nice to see you relaxed enough to get some rest."
But after a moment their hands were locked together and Cas squeezed his fingers gently before turning his head back to the sky, and the only sounds were their combined breathing, the slight rustle of jeans as Jack shifted his weight, the buzz of insects and the low thrum of wind through leaves.
was top of the food chain, you know? And I wanted to be that for him, so I could keep him safe, so I could scare off the monsters and the bullies and- and now I guess I don't know who I am without it."
Dean's lips twitched in a sad smile and, to Castiel's surprise, he lifted his hand to touch Castiel's for half a second before letting it drop. Castiel squeezed Dean's shoulder once before removing his hand too, then Jack let out a whoop of triumph and Dean turned towards them, calling out that he would play the winner.
to be creepy; it was like with Cas, only it had been so long since Dean actually considered any of the staring Cas did as creepy that this felt different.
"Just- let me, okay? You've got blood all over your face. You must've touched yourself. Don't-" He warned when Dean's face automatically twisted into a lewd grin, though he chuckled at the unsaid joke all the same. "You really freaking scared me there, Dean. There was a trail of blood on the walls, fresh blood, leading right to your room. I thought… well, I was scared."
Surprisingly, when he saw Castiel stand, he didn't try to bolt. Instead he walked towards him and extended his arm.
He swallowed hard. He shouldn’t go in, he told himself, he shouldn’t. He could barely even bring himself to look at the door let alone open it and besides, Cas could be in there, and what was the point? Now it wasn’t Jack’s room, it was just another spare guest room. They’d have to clear it out, get rid of all the stuff Jack had managed to accumulate in his too-short stay. Not today, maybe not for a while. Honestly with the apocalypse being nigh and all, maybe they’d never get the chance.
Dean stood in the shower stall while his hands clenched and unclenched at his sides. He needed to shower; he was covered in over 80 hours' worth of sweat, blood and grime. He stunk, he felt filthy, he
"Don't experiment with me, Dean. I'm happy that you finally feel comfortable enough to explore your sexuality but adding that element to our relationship would make things… complicated. I don't want to lose you either and I can't stand the thought of being that close to you and it not meaning anything."
He threw himself into the driver’s seat of the Charger and ran a hand through his hair before starting it up. Trying to somehow reinforce his crumbling mental wall with silly string. He was angry, he was hurting, and the whole situation was made worse because he
He reached Dean's room and knocked gently on the door. There was no answer. Unsurprising really, it wasn't even six o'clock yet and Dean had drunk a lot the previous evening. He knocked again, a little louder this time,
“We think we know a way in,” Sam said when he reached them. “Rowena’s got a spell she thinks could help recreate a key. Though we’ll probably have to localise it to the front door only, there are too many other protective spells to try unlocking the whole thing.”
Each pyre had at least four corpses on it in an undignified, squashed half-pile. Sam's eyes were sunken and dark as he lit the first match, tossing it to the gasoline-soaked wood.
“Maybe later, when we’ve all had a chance to clean up,” came a lilting voice from behind Sam, who let go of Cas’ shoulder and stepped to the side, revealing Rowena, her red hair gleaming in the sunlight, though her smile was a little frosty as she looked him up and down. “You had us worried, Fish. Looks like you’ve been in a wee tussle. No spare shirt, I’m guessing.”
"Dean," Cas said, exasperated, "if this is something related to Michael that you're not ready to talk about, I understand, but please don't insult me by lying."
“Sounds to me like Cas solved the case and moved on.” Dean said once they were all back in the car. “No domestic calls since he left, things have been good. He must’ve ganked what needed ganking.”
Dean huffed and pushed the empty beer bottle away before leaning back in his chair to appraise Castiel's question, his hands fiddling with something under the table, "Me," he said after a moment, "I realised somethin'; I thought that it was just me and Sammy against the world, but honestly, that hasn't been true for a very long time. We've never really been alone in this, have we, Cas?"
Sam’s attitude to cooking was less enthusiastic. He had a recipe for tomato rice soup for whenever Dean got sick (because Dean was the worst patient
to have them ordered alphabetically by author’s surname when they searched for books by topic; some books had helped them out far more often than others, so why not arrange them so the ones they kept coming back to were at eye level while the ones they’d never even opened could go on the very bottom or top shelves?
"Nah," Dean said, swinging his legs off the sofa and standing, immediately bending to snatch up the empty bottles and bags and shoving them into the trash bag he'd had the foresight to bring in earlier, "I think one kid's cartoon is enough for me."
"You know," Michael said, fingers grasping inside his torso for something else to rip from him, "I kind of get it, the appeal of getting your hands dirty. I could pull out your grace and torture
“I take it back,” he said, his voice small now, but they were close enough to hear it. “Sammy, I take it back, I didn’t mean it, I—”
They went down together, Soulless Sam willingly, rolling along the curve of his spine, using Sam’s own force against him and flipping him over so he was once more lying on the concrete, on his front this time, winded and a little dizzy.
Castiel let out a sound that was pure relief and he had to take a deep breath to steady himself. He felt his knees actually tremble and Jack stepped forward, looking concerned. Castiel held up a hand to him, asking him to wait as he turned his head to the side in a strange show of privacy. He had picked up some strange human habits over the years.
There were boxes upon boxes of bullets, some commercial, most of them painstakingly made by hand: silver, witch-killing, devil's trap, angel. Cas had insisted on making the latter himself, non-too-pleased about melting down the blades of his siblings to be used on his siblings, not that there were many more of those around.
"You gave up your happiness for me." Jack said quietly, Castiel could feel the boy's eyes on the side of his neck. "I don't know how to feel about that."
all," Cas chided gently, Dean almost chuckled, the guy knew him too well. Then he sobered very suddenly because he'd
Dean traced the outline of the palm-print with his fingertips, "why'd you heal it? I meant to ask but what with everything else, I guess I forgot."
He lifted his eyes to the angel with a wan smile. “You know, when he’s drinking, when he’s drunk, like doesn’t-know-where-he-is-or-who-he’s-taking-a-swing-at drunk, it’s the only time he’s ever reminded me of Dad.”
Sam glanced at her, looking surprised at her tone, but took the gun and it half-vanished into his waistband, where he tugged his shirt out to cover it.
which is another reason I need to leave. I'm adding nothing right now. I can't keep these people safe, I can't convince you that our choices matter, I can't stop you being angry or come up with a solution about what to do next, I'm not even sure I can
Cas frowned at that. “You don’t think this would look nice?” He asked, spinning the laptop around so Dean could see the screen. Dean looked at it, and then forced himself to look away.
Day 2 already? I know, I only discovered the list yesterday so I'm catching up (and backdating the chapters so I seem competent) :P
“Once Dean’s finished cleaning up it’s your turn,” she said waspishly. “This is a nice establishment, Samuel, you can’t go around looking like you’ve just been in a bar brawl.”
Castiel swallowed hard. It had taken him four tries to dial Sam's number, the screen had cracked during the fight and the blood on his fingers made it so that the touch didn't register. He'd had to wipe them on his slacks.
They stood together back to back, shoulder to shoulder as they had done so many times before. Jack’s still smoking corpse was kicked aside by one of the approaching zombies, as though he meant nothing, as though he hadn’t been a son to all three of them just moments before. Cas let out a strange, hollow sound from behind Sam as Jack was trampled under dozens of pairs of dead feet, and Dean stepped forward to scoop up Chuck’s gun and shove it into his waistband before retreating back into position and out of his view. Sam’s makeshift iron spike trembled slightly in his hands as he watched the monsters advance, almost tentative, probably at least somewhat disorientated from their sudden resurrection. His shoulder hurt. It had been a stupid move to shoot Chuck with that damn gun; satisfying sure, and he hadn't been aiming for anything vital, but still, stupid. Now he was the weak link and judging from the appreciative sniffs and wild, manic grins on some of the creatures’ faces, they knew it too.
. Lauren unlocked the storage room, juggling the box between her hands, and she headed straight for the filing cabinets.
Castiel said nothing, he was no longer capable of speech, all of the words had been taken by Dean, everything that had needed to be said was in the air between them, fluttering around them like lightning bugs at dusk. So instead of speaking, he acted, his hands moved up to Dean's hair and he pulled Dean towards him, crashing their lips together. That feeling burst inside him like fireworks, explosions of emotion and intensity and sensory overload; soft thumbs tracing his cheekbones, a tongue meeting his own, the smell of worn leather and damp earth glazed with the thin layer of sweetness that came from the flour and sugar still dusting their clothes and skin, the taste of black coffee and adrenaline, solid heat as Dean pressed closer, their chests touching, the cold shock of the fridge door seeping through the back of his shirt.
and here she was, sitting at a table while the man that would kill her and his brother decided what she deserved to know.
the gorgon had gotten the drop on him, he shouldn't have expected anything else. Had his ego grown so large that he'd thought he could arm wrestle with an archangel and
Cas sighed, that particular sound that meant he was frowning, "I suppose we have been neglecting you lately," he said,
“Right.” Dylan didn’t look convinced, and Rowena had to agree that Dean’s shock was a bit much. Sure, Castiel was an angel but she’d seen him inhale coffee and swipe the occasional potato chip. Then again, she thought of that rumpled bed in the motel room. If he’d gone out of his way to order food then it hadn’t been for Jacob’s benefit.
“I know. If you did then I’d feel differently I think,” she said, the truth in her words giving them warmth. “And small comfort though it may be, the reason you’re trusted is because your intentions are good, always, even if you don’t always know what to do. So maybe you don’t need other people placing their trust in you to figure it out. Maybe you just need to trust yourself.”
Sam said nothing. He saw the guilt and self-hatred burning behind Dean’s eyes but he had no words of comfort to offer. He wasn’t exactly in the right frame of mind to disagree right now. He twisted around in his seat to look at Cas through the window, picking up body after body and dropping them into one of the craters. He looked wrathful and strong, every bit the angel. Even his trenchcoat was back in its impeccable condition. He looked lonely.
There was a slight crack in his voice and Cas returned the hug gratefully, feeling something in his chest loosen. He had missed his friends.
The ghost of a grin passed over Dean’s face, but Sam shifted in his seat, still uncomfortable. So Sam Winchester had a secret. Rowena tried not to outwardly roll her eyes. Because
Sam was giving him a wide berth too, brotherly instinct telling him that if they got into a fight right now it could screw up their ability to work together, and they needed to work together if they stood any chance at all of saving this town let alone the world. Sam’s theory that God had up and left them for good was a comforting one, but Dean didn’t really believe it. Chuck had got too invested in this place, in
“Old news. I’ve already had my crisis of faith about Lucifer and it’s not as though this is the first apocalypse. But you bring me
Rowena smirked into her mug at the way Dean’s jaw clenched. He’d always been that way about the topic of Castiel, extra protective, extra defensive, extra angry.
Dean blinked in the face of Sam’s instant animosity but bristled back, puffing his chest out as though he was trying to make himself look bigger than he was. Considering the size of the man he was posturing against, Rowena thought it was an unimpressive display.
Castiel picked up his pace, excitement swirling from his very core. The darkness was nothing to him, after all. He could still see the places where the tape was beginning to peel, and the slow lightening as the darkness became less solid when he rounded the final bend.
"It's not over until you get in that box," Castiel said, he meant it to sound firm and commanding but instead it sounded like a plea, "there's still hope."
"I don't know how long I can hold him," he admitted, "I know Sam needs time and all and I'm trying to give him that, I'm
"So-" he began, voice immediately cracking, "I get it if you can't talk about it right now, but I've gotta ask… Did Dean - did he say anything? Did he get a chance, once Michael was gone, I mean? Or did it happen too fast?"
Dean ignored the ache in his arms and the quake of his knees as he reached the bottom of the stairs. He had a lot more than one staircase to get through before Sam came back in. It would take him several days to clean the entirety of the bunker, but he could at least make a path for Sam. The war room, the kitchen and the main corridor he could do. He could do this one good thing for his brother. Sam didn't need to see the blood of his friends half-curdled in sticky pools winking back at him in the low light, he didn't need to risk stepping in one on the way to his room. Dean had the power to spare him that at least. So he scrubbed. He scrubbed for hours, until his hands were red-raw and starting to bleed themselves. He found a pair of marigold gloves and kept cleaning, mopping the floors, scrubbing at the stains, mopping again with a dry mop to make sure he'd gotten everything.
"Of course he is." Michael waved a dismissive hand. "He let me in and now he's nothing. Just a vessel."
“I counted four shots.” Apparently deeming Sam not in ‘imminent death’ territory, he straightened up and looked around the grisly battlefield. “I have to find him. If you can walk, get to the car, if not, I’ll be back for you.”
"My name is not 'stuffy'," Castiel huffed, flicking his fingers in quotation, though he wasn't opposed to the nickname.
This was too much, perhaps; too much to confront Dean with when he was already raw and open, but it was too late to recall the words so Dean had to deal with them.
Dean practically heard the teary smile, even as the room faded to blackness, he was still conscious, just, could still hear, but keeping his eyes open was just… too much.
Dean frowned. The woman looked down at him passively. “My species doesn’t have a name, if indeed, there are more than me. I assume there are.”
He threw on an extra sweater, still cold from his pathetic attempt at hygiene and huddled inside it.
"Yeah," Dean pushed himself to his feet and headed for the door of the kitchen, bottle hanging between his fingers, "come on."
Dean rolled his eyes fondly, as much as he would've liked to tease Cas about his inattention, he knew better, and putting another movie on straight away might overwhelm the guy or worse, cause him to lose whatever he was feeling too soon; so, although Dean was getting a hankering to marathon the Shrek movies (by which of course he meant the first two and no others), it would have to wait while Cas let himself experience a movie properly, perhaps for the first time, he'd never reacted so strongly on any of their other movie nights.
“It doesn’t need to be quiet,” Cas replied in a softer tone. “We just need to solve the immediate problem.”
"Either way, I've been meaning to start going through all the cars in the garage, they all look like they're in decent shape but it's been over thirty years since any of 'em had an MOT. I don't want you or Cas taking one out and finding out the brakes are faulty or something; especially if you wanna teach Jack to drive at some point."
I wanted to thank everyone who has stuck with this messy collection of fics. The response from you all has been incredible and even though at times it has been very stressful, and having pretty much no time to do anything other than work or write, your comments and kudos have made it more than rewarding.
should've been the one looking out for us both. And if I got mad at Dad but he wasn't around for me to yell at, I'd take it out on Dean, because he always stuck up for him and I never understood why. And sure, he'd argue back and we'd fight, but he always knew when to stop, he never crossed a line that really
He should say no, he should say that there had been no time, that Dean had died when Michael did, but Sam looked so
Curiosity overcoming his sleepiness, Dean slipped out of bed and padded across the room. There was a line of light under his door. The light was flickering, like it did when he pushed a chair under the light switch to stand on so he could turn it on and off really fast. Was Mommy playing with the light switch? Was that why Daddy was mad?
“His power would certainly come in handy,” Rowena said, trying to make light of the sudden dark turn this conversation had taken but Sam was already shaking his head.
"Oh," Castiel said, looking down self-consciously at his modified jacket, new t-shirt and worn jeans that could pass as being ripped by design, though they weren't. "The jeans are yours, I hope that's alright. I bought the rest at the farmer's market yesterday."
Dean tilted his beer forwards in agreement before taking a swig, though he looked almost annoyed at something.
He loved this man, he loved him so much that the feeling spilled over into tears. Dean had taught him about family and given him a place in one, when he lost faith in his Father, Dean had been there to tell him he understood. When he had pulled away from the Winchesters to work with Crowley, Dean had defended him. When he was sickening and corrupted by Rowena's attack dog spell, Dean had pulled him back from harming an innocent girl and given him the time to recover afterwards. When he had allowed Lucifer in, Sam had later told him of Dean's unwavering determination to save him, whether or not it worked with their plans for fighting Amara.
Next to him, Sam let out a long, deep sigh and reached one hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose, "Oh, Cas,"
“You’re here.” He said, and the honesty in his voice scared him even as he was speaking. “I’d call that a good thing.”
Only two this time, he thought as he dropped Dean on the now-floor and collapsed in a heap where he landed, that was unusual these days. He was more likely to come across groups of three or four lately. They were closing in on the gates, he knew, but he didn't know what awaited them there. An army of Hell-spawn certainly, but would there be any angels to help him, to finish the task of saving Dean Winchester? Castiel was fully aware that he might not make it out the other side of this mission. In fact, he had almost hoped for it. The guilt of sacrificing his garrison weighed heavy and the idea of returning to accolades and praise disgusted him. He had to finish the mission, and then he could die of his wounds. There was honour in that.
him here, he needed Cas around just because, he needed to know that he was safe and here and where Dean could reach him. He imagined it playing out in vivid detail, the kiss, Cas kissing back, Cas looking at him in awe as Dean murmured words that he would be embarrassed to repeat, kind words, soft words, words that he
"Yeah, right. You expect me to believe you wouldn't just love the chance to get all up in his brain again?"
Castiel offered the boy empty platitudes, he had nothing else. Dean would have known what to say; the perfect mixture of harsh truth and hope that provided both comfort and inspiration. Castiel hadn't quite learned that trick yet. Also, he couldn't look Jack in the eye and tell him that none of his decisions had made an impact. Jack had had his part, they all had, though Castiel had yet to play his.
He felt sick, sick and angry and so goddamn small. And the worst part was that it was the betrayal that stung the most. Sure, God not being exactly what Sam had imagined was one thing, kind of disappointing, kind of gross, kind of meh. But God using them and their lives as some kind of sick
—and a fear that he was pretty sure wasn’t due to his threat. Just like that, the illusion shattered and he was just Dean again, holding onto a monstrous version of himself, his knife in its throat. He pulled back, his concentration gone, and with a flash of recognition in the thing’s working eye, its hands came up and wrested the weapon away from him easily.
It was anger that came then, a tsunami of emotion that filled in all the hollow parts that had been carved the moment he saw those wings in the dirt. He stared at the remains of the bonfire, the
Dean said again, incredulous, this was the last thing he'd expected, honestly probably the worst turn of events he could imagine. "Why?"
"Not really. Now he looks at me different, like he looks at kids that just saw a monster for the first time. The only reason I haven't punched him for it yet is 'cause I've barely seen him since then."
"You don't have to say it." Cas said, bobbing his head so that those blue eyes caught his attention, despite his better judgement. That was the way it had always been, he supposed. He was drawn to Cas, his dry wit, the way he could be pissy and sarcastic and impatient in the same moment he was showing his loyalty and his kindness. "You don't need to say it because you made me feel it. You make me feel it every time you look at me. Even when we're fighting or when you're making fun of me, I know that you love me. I just didn't dare hope that it would be in the same way."
Cas stood staring at what was left of Jack for what seemed like years. Sam couldn’t blame him. He too had had a guttural reaction to seeing the boy’s broken body. He had collapsed to the damp ground, his knees once again sinking into the churned mud of the graveyard. The dimness of the light did nothing to hide the empty eye sockets, the limbs twisted in unnatural directions, the hint of bone poking through Jack’s gore-soaked clothes. Tears rolled unbidden down his face but Cas’ expression was impassive. It was only because he knew him so well that Sam could see the minute twitches that gave away the depths of his grief.
"As long as we don't make a habit of it," Castiel said, "I wouldn't want to be responsible for giving your brother an aneurysm."
Dean hesitated for a moment and then chuckled, defeated but not altogether displeased, "No, I guess not."
"Fine." He reached for the radio and turned the volume up, way up. Sam jumped as AC/DC blasted from the speakers and Dean peeled out of the parking lot and through the residential estate, where they probably had a lot of curtain-twitchers ready to call the Neighbourhood Watch for a noise violation but whatever, they'd hit the highway in ten.
talking to the cops, and feds were a whole other step up. She honestly didn’t know when the boys had abandoned all their other aliases. They’d told her stories about cases where they posed as the forestry service, or teachers, or doctors. Constantly impersonating FBI agents seemed rather dull by comparison.
