Dean tried not to shudder at the thought of it. True, it was good to know he wouldn't have to be cut open or anything, but fuck if the alternative scenario wasn't also mildly terrifying. But instead of pointing that out, he decided to ask, "And after?" For some reason, it bothered him a little to imagine the changes sticking around after the baby was born.
and ends at
Dean could feel Cas’ come on his stomach, slowly drying away, and he knew that as much as he wanted to fall asleep like this, he would regret it in the morning when he woke up with dry come stuck to his skin and hair.
“Pretty cold out tonight, huh?”
As he walked through the hallways of the Bunker, he quickly made a mental list of all the things he would take in his trip in his head. A medical kit, because although he knew there must be at least some medical items in Bobby’s cabin, he couldn’t exactly take risks here, not when Charlie had been shot and had had to make stitches out of dental floss. They would also need something to keep the Book in, something to cloak it; a warded box, maybe, so the guys who were tracking it wouldn’t be able to find it anymore. He was pretty sure he had seen a few of those in the storage; he remembered a lead lined one that had intrigued him a few months ago but that he hadn't yet had a chance to take a closer look at since then. He was pretty sure that one would do the trick.
Cas stepped forward again. “Claire—”
Castiel nodded. “Of course.”
Charlie’s gaze on the side of his face, but he refused to turn his head and meet her eyes again—at least until she actually said something.
go back to that, just as they couldn't involve the two archangels in the Cage. The Book was truly their only hope right now.
“Fuck, Bobby, you don’t know how much it
He shook his head, swallowing thickly. “I’m fine.”
He wondered if everyone thought he was antisocial. He didn’t really care.
“So we decided to take a chance at your friend, because if she happened to be with Castiel, then it would be probable that you and your brother were with him as well, maybe even involved in whatever he might be doing.”
“Dean?
So Dean forced himself to nod numbly in response, even if he wasn’t particularly happy with what he was hearing. Every time Gabriel as much as mentioned how there might not be any of Cas’ Grace left, the hunter felt like the archangel was hitting the side of his skull with a hammer, each time cracking the bone even more, each blow more painful than the previous, because it just hurt too fucking much to even think about it.
And surprisingly, he actually did. On his way back home from work the next day, he stopped by the store close to his apartment building and bought a few boxes of rat poison, which he spread around under cabinets and anywhere he could think of that might work, hoping it would do the trick, so that was one problem dealt with.
“Yeah,” he replied, voice growing lower, more solemn. “They brought me someone, and made me drink from them until I drained them dry.”
Fan-freaking-tastic.
Castiel held on to that last thought like a desperate, drowning man clinging on to a lifeline, battling to keep his head above the water.
the first few times,” Crowley continued, completely ignoring Castiel’s dumbfounded expression, “But it gets better over the years. I don’t even feel any pain anymore when I turn.”
“Give me that,” he said, raising a hand in the air to make the meaning behind his request even clearer.
He felt like he was worrying more than enough about that one already.
But that definitely wouldn’t happened if Dean screwed it all up now.
Fuck.
Sam frowned, confused. “Dean said you dropped the idea completely. He didn’t say you were considering breaking the bond at all.”
And right at the center of that small room stood a figure—who'd probably been the one to heal Charlie.
to me afterwards? Because instead of telling me that you regretted what happened, like normal people do, you thought it would be easier to just hide from the world in a cabin and die on your own?!”
“No!” Ms. Rosen—or Becky, as she insisted all her students called her—stood up from her chair, shaking her head and waving her arms frantically in the air, signaling for all the actors on stage to stop what they were doing. “No, no, no!
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean reminded himself to let Cas lead the way, to let him set up the pace. The angel was by far the least experienced one out of the two of them, so he really should be the one to set the boundaries here. Honestly, Dean knew he would get on board with anything Cas wanted to do right now. He had waited for this moment for so freaking long that he really would be happy with whatever Cas was willing to give him, even if it was just
And anyway, if they really were right about this case, then all the kidnappings and killings should only happen at night, so they still had at least ten hours before they had to be in Canton.
a plan.
"Dude, what the
Gabriel waved a hand in dismissal, “Oh, don’t worry about that, Dean-o. Everything in its own time, that’s a year from now. Well, eleven months right now.”
“We’re doing everything we can to save your brother, Mr. Collins, but we just want you to be ready if—”
, he didn't even know how the fuck he was supposed to
“Fine,” he breathed out a heavy sigh. It wasn’t like they could just leave and ignore the case like they hadn’t read anything on the paper, so Dean would just have to deal the situation the best way he could.
. And then you come back, trying to pretend to be my freaking
Before Cas could ask any sort of question out loud, though, Dean held one hand up in a wordless request that he wait just a little bit, using one of the damp rags he still had lying around from drying the Impala to try and get some of the wax off his hand before he went to fiddle with his iPod once more. He winced at how slimy the screen was, almost sticky, from the last time he’d touched it with his hands dirty, but after rubbing the screen with a cloth a few times to be able to clean it enough so he could read the words displayed for him and it could recognize his skin dragging over it, he finally managed to find the artist he wanted.
!” Because somehow that should be enough to make Cas realize this couldn’t happen. Guys don’t get pregnant. They just don’t. Simple as that. “It’s
“Charlie,
“Happy to kill him,” the witch replied easily, giving the angel a small, sad smile. “Let’s not call it love.”
This whole thing was truly suffocating, and Dean honestly felt like he might go mad if he just stayed here doing nothing, but the problem was that there was fucking
But they would. Now they actually would, he was sure of it.
Dean had been hesitant about it at first. This time could be spent resting so they could have an earlier start on their research tomorrow, and initially it had bothered him to just stop everything and sit down, made him feel uneasy in his skin to be here, his mind feeling like it was still back there in the library, worried, looking for answers that he seemed unable to find. He knew he was sounding a lot like Sam, but for some reason it didn't bother him. The situation called for it, anyway.
The seraph darted forward without a warning, his shredded wings spreading behind him as the angel crossed the room in a handful of big, hurried strides, his hand wrapped tightly around his weapon. He lifted his blade in an abrupt, swift motion just before he reached the Grigori, who was quick to raise his sword at precisely the right time, blocking Cas’ blow just before the seraph could drive his own blade right into the other angel’s chest.
However, there were a few little issues with that plan. Apparently, the sun had absolutely no effect on him. He didn't burst into flames and turn into a pile of ash when he came out during a sunny day—he didn't even have freaking sunburn or some kind of skin allergy or anything of the sort, so apparently all those vampire stories had gotten everything wrong. Garlic also did absolutely nothing to him, much to his dismay,
Sam’s mind suddenly came to a halt, because was Charlie really asking him this? “Gay?” he asked, just to make sure they were talking about the same thing here. He was so surprised and confused by the question he just had to make sure. Was she really afraid he wasn’t okay with it? Had he ever given her any reason to think that?
Dean did his best to push that thought away, as well as to swallow down the wave of nausea that had been insistently trying to climb its way up his throat for the last hour or so, turning his head so that he could plant a light, soothing kiss to Cas’ way too warm forehead, and then proceeding to whisper reassuring words into the angel's ear as he ran his fingers through the seraph's by now pretty much damp hair.
He had his elbows resting on top of the cold countertop beside the sink, and he let his head fall to his hands, gripping at his hair as it really dawned on him just how fucking bad their situation truly was. Things had finally been looking up for once—they had the feathers spell and the codex to translate the Book of the Damned, so basically they'd had the solution for both of their main problems. Finally,
Hannah nodded in response. “Castiel is my friend, and he asked me to make sure Dean was fine. I could not possibly deny him this, not in his current state.”
Dean could almost see his brother nodding on the other end as he replied,
Rowena rolled her eyes, glaring at her son for a second before she corrected herself, “Okay,
Sam swallowed drily, jaw clenching a couple of times, but he did manage to nod in response after a moment. “Yeah, he… he could.”
So the tea was safe too. Dean had never really liked tea, but he was kind of thirsty and the thing was right there. Besides, it was pretty cold, and the tea was warm. If Sam were here Dean would tell him he wouldn’t drink it because real men just don’t drink tea, but Sam wasn’t here, Cas was, so Dean could drink his tea and not be embarrassed by doing it. It wasn’t like he had to prove anything to Cas, anyway.
"Cas, back at my grave site, was that... was that the Demon Tablet? That's the one that was missing, right?"
“Son of a bitch.”
“I thought you were just… broody, at first,” Gabriel added when Dean didn’t immediately offer him any kind of response, “But now I’m wondering if maybe there’s something you don’t want to tell us. I’m getting a feeling that you might know more than you’re letting on.”
Too bad Dean still hadn’t gotten around to telling him about that one.
He didn’t even know what the hell he was going to do today.
“He was a feisty one, John.” The blade ran over his skin again, going all the way to his collarbone, rubbing against the skin with enough pressure to mark it, to hurt a little, but never breaking it, never enough to actually cut it. The expectation for the pain to come again as it happened built up in Dean’s gut, and the human tried to prepare for it, like he always did. He had done this almost 400 times now, taken the pain of Alastair's sick, twisted games every single day without exception. He knew he could last for way more than that, that he could take it. He wouldn’t break easily. “Your daddy would always curse me; tell me how much of a monster I am.” A dry laugh echoed through the chamber, such an ugly sound that Dean actually flinched. “He would barely make a sound while I worked on him, though, which I kind of admired.” The blade stopped on the right side of his chest, the sharp tip pressing against the skin a little more than it had before, but yet just not enough to cut his flesh.
Instead of asking Dean to elaborate, to ‘try him’ and give him some examples of all the extraordinary things he’d done that he was so sure the priest wouldn’t believe if he told him, the next thing Father Jones asked was a low, “How did you meet an angel?”
The lights of the garage flickered a little as he paused by the door, and he frowned, but shook it off a moment later. The Bunker wasn’t haunted, of course not, or at least not since Linda had taken Kevin’s ghost with her; the old wiring must just be acting up a little. He still waited a beat to see if it would happen again, though, but of course it didn't. Shaking his head again, he said a silent goodbye to the Impala, smiling at how gorgeous she looked one last time before he turned off the lights, swinging the strap of the feathers bag over his shoulder as he walked out of the garage.
“Not exactly. Heaven is against… angels copulating with humans, but all that could happen because of that would be me getting reprimanded. Although at this point, I do not believe Heaven would care too much about that.”
“And what exactly do you have in store for me, sweetheart?” Crowley asked, voice coming out low and slightly suggestive, a smirk tugging the corner of his mouth upwards as he talked. “Because honestly, I’d
“Yeah,” she finally let out, “Dead leads, right?” Her smile was forced, voice strained. It all sounded very wrong.
He refused to let that ghost drive him out of his home, even if he wasn’t all that fond of his shitty, tiny apartment to begin with. This was a matter of principle. And while that guy was still (very possibly) around, waiting for whatever the fuck it was that had dragged him away from all the other places he’d been at before finally came and took him away again, Dean would just have to get used to being out of the apartment a bit more often than he was used to. When he’d been younger, he'd be out at some bar or restaurant with his friends, or sometimes just over at their house, almost every night, but in more recent years, going out to socialize was truly a rare occurrence for him.
and he’s not coming back. So if you could just leave me alone out here to fucking
without end, but I've already done enough of that over on Tumblr, so I'm not gonna do that here.
“Dean?” Cas took a step forward, clearly about to move over to where the hunter was. “Are you okay?”
Honestly, though, he kinda wished he’d thought to ask for something stronger—Balthazar
Dean had to actually hold back a scoff at that last part, because if he remembered correctly, Hannah had been one of the angels who had been very much eager to follow that same ‘rebellious angel’ less than two years ago, after all the angels had been cast out of Heaven and they had needed a leader to fight against Metatron.
“Then what is it?” Hannah insisted, “Castiel, you’ve been… I know you’re going through a lot right now. I’m aware of that—
going to turn into a damn freaking wolf because he was the one calling the shots here. And anyway, he didn’t
And there it was—the surprise, the disbelief written all over Sam’s face, like Dean had just sprouted a second head right in front of his eyes or something.
this is all happening. And…”
What’d happened back in Pontiac had been a wake up call, in a way. Now they knew the lengths that those people were willing to go to in order to get what they wanted, and what kind of power they held. They’d had a witch powerful enough to incapacitate Rowena, which was a pretty scary thought all on its own, so Castiel could only imagine what other cards they might still have up their sleeves. Logic said that they ought to be prepared for something much worse than what’d happened in Pontiac.
“You do realize that there’s probably a brigade of angels on their way here right now, right?” he couldn’t help but say.
Well, at least sigils that were visible, anyway, because some of them were obscured, made invisible by the two enormous, dark shadows of the two wings currently spread out on both sides of the angel, stretching so wide that they actually took up most of the canvas, arching well above the seraph's head and making Cas look a bit small in comparison to their truly impressive size.
Cas paused, probably to mull those words over in his head, to consider them carefully. Dean knew that he probably would not be able to change the angel’s mind about this, at least not with just a few words, because again, taking blame for things that weren’t truly his fault really did seem to be a default setting in Cas, and that would definitely not change easily—if at all, really—but the hunter still hoped this would at least make a difference.
“Dean?” Cas asked, but there was a tiny waver in his voice that told Dean he might already have a pretty good idea of what exactly the hunter was holding in his hands.
Sam’s self-control to not just burst through those freaking doors was wearing thinner with every moment. He had started pacing not one minute after Dean and Cas had been out of sight at the top of the stairs, and he was pretty sure he was growing very close to drawing a hole on the floor with his repeated, endless steps around the room.
And apparently, as unlikely as that may seem, Cas actually understood what he’d meant to say. He nodded back at Dean, that same pleased spark from before coming to life in his eyes, and just like before, Dean knew that if he wasn’t currently a wolf, Cas would be smiling at him, probably giving the hunter that bright gummy smile that never failed to make Dean’s chest feel all warm and fluttery, as girly as that sounded.
Their shower was very uneventful compared to what they had just done, but then again, all of Dean’s stamina was completely gone and all he wanted to do was sleep, so he did nothing more than just close his eyes and sigh happily as Cas’ hands carefully rubbed over his skin under the warm water spray, washing away everything that clung to his body while at the same time massaging and caressing him, tending to him so carefully Dean’s muscles quickly turned into goo under the attention of those expert hands. He did his best to do the same for Cas, but he was almost falling asleep on his feet and the angel kept tugging his hands away whenever he tried because apparently he had no coordination when he was half-asleep, so at some point he kind of just gave up.
he told himself harshly, angrily, quickly pushing that memory away—and fuck, how many times had he had to do that just in the last few hours?
“35 hybrids that could very possibly be out there right now, in this very moment, turning people as we speak.” Castiel sighed, raising a hand to rub at his face. “That’s a worrying thought.”
finding something, because there was a small piece of folded paper stuck to the inside of one of the flaps on top of the box, fixated to the cardboard by a small piece of tape, a small symbol scribbled onto the corner of it in black pen ink—
And Castiel was sure even the Stynes did not actually plan to trade anything either, if they actually knew Dean was carrying a nephilim. He knew the fact that nephilims were one of the rarest species on Earth made them extremely valuable, especially as they were included in quite a few very powerful spells, and of course the Stynes had to be aware of that. Their child was supposedly the only nephilim in existence on the planet, and Castiel doubted someone as power-hungry as that family would simply hand Dean back over to them so easily.
Dean sat up, gasping for air.
And right now, Dean felt like he already had enough to deal with as it was.
“I’m aware,” Cain replied calmly, pausing his steps so he could stare at the archangel. He did not look nervous at all; he looked completely unbothered by the archangel’s presence, like it didn’t change a damn thing, and that actually made Dean a little uneasy. “It took you a good while to find me, Gabriel. I would dare to say you are losing your touch.”
“Finally!” She pulled away from Cas, and even from where Sam was sitting he could see her smile. “I was starting to think I would never get to meet you! But I didn’t think you’d be so tall!”
Awesome.
It was after a few bites that Sam broke the silence again. “Also, Dean, I…” He let out a breath, as though trying to choose the right way to say whatever it was that was in his mind, “I’m happy you told me. About everything. I mean, knowing you, this must have been pretty hard for you.”
The woman nodded, hugging her arms tightly around her thin frame, trying to protect herself from the cold wind that had started to blow at some point while they had been inside the house, making the air grow chilly around them and the temperature drop a few degrees. “Yes.” Her voice was weak, as if she didn’t have quite enough strength left in herself to speak normally anymore. She was truly exhausted, that much was plainly obvious.
Another breath left his mouth as a shiver ran through his arms, and it was just then that he realized how cold it was in the room, which was a bit odd for June, but it was still night outside, so it kind of made sense. Regardless, he chose not to question it right now.
The process of removing the bullets from his flesh was even worse than it’d seemed when Cas had done it to Charlie. It hurt like a fucking bitch, for starters—every single spot where Cas’ fingers dragged against tissue burned like his skin was coated in freaking acid—or maybe that was just the damn silver. Either way, Dean didn’t manage to keep quiet during it, a handful of pained hisses and groans escaping his mouth while Cas removed the bullet buried in his shoulder. However, that was nothing compared to the actual freaking
Claire glanced up briefly, a spark of interest flashing in her eyes as well, although it lasted for no more than a fleeting second, and in the next moment, she was already looking back down at her food, resuming her chewing. She hadn’t said a word since she’d emerged from the hallway to eat lunch, simply crossing the room and taking a seat at the table without making a single sound. Actually, Dean was pretty she hadn’t even
at all.” Cas’ eyes darted down for merely a second, but Dean didn’t need that gesture to know exactly what Cas was talking about.
Sam looked like he wanted to argue. He stood there for almost a full minute, his eyes dancing from Dean to Cas, flitting back and forth between them, like he wasn’t sure which one he should yell at, which one he felt more betrayed by. Finally, though, much to Dean’s relief, he relented with a heavy sigh, shaking his head and clenching his jaw in a way that clearly told Dean he wasn’t happy with this either.
But at some point, it did. Eventually, the flow grew far too thin, until it stopped completely, and Castiel had no choice but to pull away. The man fell at his feet with a low thump, but Castiel didn’t pay him any mind. He was breathing heavily, and his mind was struggling to understand how that ambrosia could have run out, to process that it was
For fuck's sake.
Castiel was not happy about the outcome of that night, but he could not say he entirely regretted it. Perhaps waiting and leaving Cain on the loose would have brought the worst outcome, not to mention all the lives they would have lost if the Knight had continued the murderous path he seemed to have set for himself, and those might have very easily included the lives of Dean and the baby.
He trusted Cas—he truly did, a lot more than he probably should. And suddenly, he
He could hear voices in the background of the call, though he couldn't quite make out what they were saying. Jess seemed to be making her way into the hospital, because she greeted a few people—sounding very polite and surprisingly cheerful as she did it, despite her exhausted state—before she finally directed her attention back to her fiancé.
Sam seemed a little surprised by his tone, but that sure as hell wasn’t enough to deter him. He sighed—in frustration, it looked like—turning the puppy dog eyes up to max. “Dean, I just want you to—"
Dean could feel Sam’s eyes on his face, but he couldn’t look at his brother. Rubbing his hands over his eyes, Dean decided to just let it out, let the words tumble out of his mouth before he could think twice about it, before he could stop himself from saying them.
“Yeah, but you're getting pretty close there.” Charlie raised her eyebrows, giving him an utterly unimpressed look. “And how’s the Mark doing, by the way? Because you’ve been scratching at your arm for over ten minutes now, so I’m assuming it’s not quiet.”
but he’d been so focused on the hunt that he had somehow managed to ignore it up until that moment, that he’d managed to pretend it wasn’t there.
And yet, the silence that hung inside the Bunker now, that permeated every single inch of that place seemed eerily heavy, almost suffocating. The hallways felt emptier, albeit narrower, and being in the library or the war room had a weird, uncomfortable feeling settling in Dean’s gut, like the walls were slowly caving in on him, threatening to swallow him whole if he stayed in there for too long, if he gave them a chance.
Before he could change his mind about it—or, well, before his conscience had a chance to catch up to him—Dean yanked the door to his room open and marched out into the hallway, heading off in the direction of the main area of the Men of Letters’ Bunker. He’d cleared his room of any alcohol he’d had stashed away in there, just to try to keep himself under control a little better, but right now, making the trip to the kitchen was definitely worth it, if it meant he wouldn’t need to feel like this for much longer. Apparently, he’d worked himself into a
The seraph seemed very surprised to see Claire there, and then his eyes widened even more the moment he caught sight of Dean. He actually looked like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing, which was definitely to be expected. Again, Dean really wasn’t supposed to be here, and he was very much aware of that.
Dean heard her voice fail, the air escaping her abruptly as she released a surprised sound, and he opened his eyes to look at her, only to find the witch across the room on the floor, her eyes murderous as she stared at something behind Dean while she tried to get back to her feet, her hands gripping a nearby chair so tightly that her knuckles turned white. She schooled her features quickly, like a mask suddenly slipping into place as a very insincere smile took over her lips.
He reached out and grabbed the key, wordlessly handing it to Charlie, before reaching back into the book so that he could figure out what else had been hidden inside of it, and soon enough he realized that what had laid concealed beneath the key was actually a small, folded piece of paper. He picked that up as well, depositing the book back on the correct shelf so that he wouldn't have any trouble unfolding the paper, before finally opening it.
be a next time.
Dean could smell something weird in the air, though—something foul, so absolutely
Dean decided to make everyone coffee and breakfast, since he was the first one up in the entire house. Fortunately he’d imagined Sam and Charlie had been living off of takeout food, so when they’d driven through town the day before he’d bought a few things. He cooked up some pancakes, and then fried some eggs and bacon, which he was glad to notice did not send him running straight for the bathroom. It was the third day in a roll since the last time he’d thrown up, and he was pretty sure that meant it was the end of his morning sickness. It was about time, too; Dean couldn’t take much more of it.
Castiel had no idea what to make of that.
Cas and Charlie didn’t stay long once the bodies started burning, but Dean stuck around until all that was left of the pyre were a few simmering ashes, which he washed down with a hose to make sure that they wouldn't start a forest fire by accident.
So when Claire finally showed up again, looking like she hadn’t slept in days and had somehow gotten in a fight with a freaking dumpster, Sam and Charlie had sat down with her and told her about Jody. Dean and Cas had waited in their room, anxiously pacing around and trying to distract themselves by playing with Juliet for a bit, and they were both very surprised when Charlie had come to tell them that Claire had agreed to spend some time at Jody’s.
was this place?
ask the questions here. Now," She leaned forward a bit, her eyes growing sharper, more focused somehow, "Let’s try this again. Who’s making hybrids?”
Surprisingly, Dean’s response came easily, without hesitation, without a second thought. He shook his head, “Actually, no. I mean, I don’t feel…
“No, I didn’t find Cassie’s Grace there,” Gabriel said, and Dean’s hope immediately deflated a little. He felt his shoulders sag a bit as he let out a small, disappointed huff, though maybe he shouldn’t have allowed himself to grow so blindly hopeful to begin with. Gabriel wouldn’t be doing all this storytelling right now if he had already found Cas’ Grace. Dean should have seen that response coming, though his completely thoughtless reaction was only further proof of just how truly desperate he was at this point.
Linda swallowed, clearly not convinced, her gaze weary as she let her eyes move back and forth between the two men before her. Finally, though, she shook her head. "Not that I know of, no."
But this was the last time something like this would be happening.
“Heaven does not care,” Cas shook his head lightly, and his voice was suddenly much heavier with something Sam couldn’t quite identify. It was still odd to see Cas looking so human, letting out so many clear emotions that Sam wasn’t used to seeing on him, but he assumed he would just have to get used to it. He wondered how much of it was brought on by the soul bond; if being tied to a human made Cas more human somehow, or if this was just Dean’s influence on him. He had no idea, and he was curious, but this wasn't the right time for that conversation, so he just filed it away for later. “Our circumstances do not matter. All Heaven cares about is that every hybrid has to die. I’ve—” His voice cut off abruptly, and he looked away again, as if he couldn’t bear to continue speaking while looking at them for some reason. “I know that firsthand.”
Thank
blood, which told him that he was probably going in the right direction.
unwanted—and Dean has to make a
? That just didn’t make any sense at all. What the hell?
“But it’s much more than that, as I’ve learned over the years, and it's even more evident to me now than it's ever been before. You don’t think you deserve… good, or happiness. You don’t think you’re worthy of it. But most importantly, you don’t think you deserve to be loved.”
Castiel was silent for another pause, and once again, Dean didn’t want to look at him, though for an entirely different reason this time. Seriously, how the fuck could that guy even think that? Their stories were
Dean huffed, because yeah, that was
He didn’t allow himself to think about it for too long, however, and eventually, he found himself shaking his head. “No,” he said, “But I have to.” And before he could change his mind about this, before his resolve could crumble completely, he turned back around and finally managed to make his feet move, slipping inside and closing the door quietly behind him, shutting himself and his mother inside the room.
Dean nodded, even though he didn’t feel entirely confident about his answer. But, well, they were already here, and this was happening, whether he felt ready or not. Might as well just rip the band-aid right off in one swift pull, just get it over with quickly and without thinking about it too much.
“So angels do mate? Like, for real?” Dean hadn’t really thought about it over the years, honestly, but for some reason his mind had just assumed angels didn’t mate or have sex at all, even though he had never asked or anything. He hadn't thought too much of it when he'd slept with Anna either, because she had been human then. He'd started to consider that rule might not apply to all angels and that some actually functioned differently after finding out the Trickster was actually an archangel and meeting Balthazar, but even then Dean had just assumed that maybe there were just rare exceptions, since Gabriel and Balthazar were not exactly role models to the other angels.
But the thing was, he didn't fully agree with Sam. He didn't deserve this, not at all, but somehow he'd still gotten it. He'd always had it crystal clear in his head that he'd never have this, and maybe he had his father to blame for some of that, but it was still the truth—he'd just never believed someone in the life could actually get to have this. It was like giving up having a family and kids somewhere down the road just came with the job description. At some point he'd just convinced himself that he just didn't want it; that his life was supposed to be hunting and nothing else and that he was okay with that, because that was how things were supposed to be, and part of him still thought that. Things hadn't worked out with Lisa and Ben, and right now their situation was pretty much the opposite of ideal, which might also be proof of the fact that hunters just weren't supposed to have anything like this in their life.
Another tense pause followed, but Dean let this one linger, giving everyone a chance to process his words, to think them over and pick them apart however they needed to.
“I went into labor, Cas.”
“Please, don’t be such a prude, Dean,” Crowley shook his head at him, his tone mocking and his eyes pretty much sparkling in delight, “Everyone knew where
Cas stopped eating again, glancing up at Dean while he once more chewed the mouthful that was still in his mouth. He swallowed slowly before responding, “Yes?”
hard, of course—just a little bit, simply announcing the very beginnings of an erection, although that was already enough for Dean to be able to see it through the angel’s pants, the tip of the angel’s partially-stiff length pressing slightly against the fabric and rubbing against the inside of the hunter’s thigh whenever he moved.
He would be lying if he said he didn’t feel the weight of Sam’s eyes on him, following him all the way to his car.
Cas' heart beat under him, but it sounded wrong, weaker than it should be, as well as not completely rhythmic.
don’t like this, and I have no idea
He pushed the table before Cas away and pulled a chair closer to sit in front of angel, sitting down on it so he could work better. Suddenly feeling a little hot, he shrugged off his jacket and dropped it onto the table, and then started running the damp washcloth over the angel’s forehead, rubbing the skin until the paint began to fade. Fortunately it was easy enough to remove, he quickly realized.
All that he cared about was saving everyone else. He didn’t care what happened to him, as long as the others were safe.
Dean envied them, in a way.
The angel simply shook his head lightly at him, as though silently begging for the hunter not to argue or ask questions, which only made Dean even more nervous and curious.
Cas paused, hesitating to respond. He swallowed drily, glancing down at the ground right in front of his feet as he seemed to consider his next words very carefully. His wings twitched, fluffing up behind him, which told Dean just how nervous and uncomfortable the angel was feeling in that moment. At least Claire couldn’t see that last one.
Anyway, bottom line was, he couldn’t really dance.
reason to lie to you—to any of you.”
“If you two are bullshitting me on this, I
“And of course you wouldn’t do that for free,” Dean let his disdain pool into his voice as he talked. He already knew the answer, and yet he still asked, “What do you want?”
to ask you if you were really okay with this. I didn’t even
. It would have been quick and easy, and then this whole nightmare would have been avoided, and he wouldn't be in this situation right now. He wouldn't be feeling like this.
broken under the weight of the illusion and actually taken his own life had been because of him and the baby. He felt his eyes stinging a little, and he wished he could wrap an arm around the angel right then, that he wasn’t fucking driving and he could just freaking hold Cas.
Instead, he simply nodded—slowly, carefully, keeping his face a calm, expressionless mask. Charlie didn’t need to know about the whirlwind of emotions that were currently wreaking havoc in his mind.
“Felt
“On whether you can keep it down.”
All three of those phrases are in bold in the actual chapter text, so you really can't miss them.
Dean swallowed drily, coming to a stop a few steps away from the edge of the trap with Cas standing a handful of steps to the side, close enough to do something were the need for it to arise, although still keeping a considerate distance between them. Dean guessed he did it because of the Blade, to somehow keep it out of the hunter’s reach, and Dean was kind of glad for it, even if it did the exact opposite of making him feel better. The chanting of the Mark, the constant plea for him to just tear the Blade from Cas’ hand grew louder with every minute, and Dean wasn’t sure for how much longer he would be able to ignore it.
He felt his arm being pulled, and then he could tell the Blade had slipped from his hand, but the pain didn't stop because of it. If anything, it actually got worse.
That annoying little voice in the back of his head was once again making itself known, of course—the same one he had been trying so fucking hard to ignore since last night. And as much as he fucking wished to push it away again, to just shove it to the back of his head where it could stay locked away forever, he found that it wasn’t as easy as it had been before to just label the particular train of thought it insisted on bringing to the forefront of his mind as completely ridiculous and delusional right now, not when he was staring at that door, now resting completely open as the memory of the loud, abrupt thud of it hitting the wall and waking him up replayed on a loop inside his head.
them, I still
wrong, which immediately sent the hunter’s stomach plummeting all the way down to the freaking floor. At first, however, Dean had no idea what that look actually meant, or what exactly had caused it. He frowned up at the angel, watching with clear concern written on his own features as Cas took a couple of slow, tentative steps forward, crossing the small distance between himself and the bed, before carefully lowering himself down so that he was sitting right on the edge of the small, overly-soft mattress, just a few inches away from Dean’s face.
from the guy. He was a pretty hard one to track down,
Dean was.
“I’m not asking that of you,” Cas’ voice was a low, just a rumble, though there was no reprehension on his tone, “I know where you’re coming from, Dean. I know we have no reasons to trust Gabriel.”
Cas didn’t move, didn’t even shift on the bed to respond. No, he just laid there, unnervingly still under the covers with his back turned to Dean, allowing the hunter to see nothing more than the back of his head and the portions of the angel’s wings that peeked out of the blankets in the places where they phased through the fabric.
of basically doing nothing beyond wallowing in his grief, of being constantly smothered by his own guilt, of thinking there was
Castiel frowned, giving Dean what appeared to be an honestly confused look. "What do you mean?"
“Dean.”
Because of course Cas hadn’t realized that had been a joke, but okay.
Hannah's hold on her blade had loosened considerably by then, so much that the weapon had even lowered a bit, enough so that its sharp, pointy tip was no longer pressed against Castiel's jaw. And in that moment, Castiel knew this was his chance, knew that was the only shot he would get to try and break free. He tensed his muscles, preparing himself for what he was about to do, getting ready to knock that blade away from his throat and reach out to grab his own discarted weapon from the ground as fast as he could, hoping with everything he had that Hannah was distracted enough by Dean's words that her first instinct would not be to move her blade upwards to bury it into his jaw.
“You’re fine,” Gabriel finally lifted his head, his breathing now a lot more steady, and Dean finally seemed able to open his eyes to stare at the archangel, a clear question in his gaze, like he was still waiting to hear something. The panic in his eyes hadn’t faded in the slightest.
It felt like forever until the first few rays of sunlight finally stared to pour into the room, and morning found Dean in the exact same position he'd spent most of the night in. His eyes burned, his muscles were heavy and aching, his entire body tired and movements sluggish, so the last thing he wanted to do when the sun rose was get out of bed, but somehow he managed to make himself move, being careful to untangle himself from Cas' arms without waking the angel. He really wished he could just lay there for a while longer, because his body certainly didn't agree with the idea of moving at all, but Dean knew he couldn't do that. He most likely had a pretty busy day ahead of him, and the earlier Dean was up and ready to deal with that, the better, so with a low, unhappy groan, he forced himself to get up to his feet. And once he was finally standing, he remembered what he'd thought of yesterday before going to bed, deciding that he could really use a shower right now. Before he could do that, however, he walked over to the window, closing the dark blue curtains silently, hoping it would help Cas sleep a little longer. And it was only when the room was shrouded in darkness once more that Dean finally found himself padding quietly over to the door farthest away from the window, which he could only assume must lead to the bathroom, walking past a sleeping Juliet as he crossed the room as silently as he possibly could.
, Cas was
They ate in silence for a while, until Sam broke it a few minutes later.
“But, no one knows anything? Not even Castiel? I mean, I don’t know him, but…” She shrugged, “He just seems to know about everything. From the books, I mean.”
Charlie reached the computer a second before he did, hands instinctively finding the keyboard, and Dean held up the paper with the new code written on it so that the girl could read it easily. She hurried to type the code into the search bar displayed on the screen, fingers flying over the keys amazingly fast, so much that she was done in less than three seconds, and they both held their breaths while they waited for the page to load after the girl pressed enter.
Yeah, John would probably have a stroke, Dean was pretty sure.
already knew, but the fact that the archangel's next words did not in any way come as a surprise did not mean that it hurt any less to hear them.
He ended the call before his brother could try to prolong it somehow, then threw his phone onto the bed and let his head fall onto his hands. He pulled in a few deep, steadying breaths, even if he didn’t necessarily feel like he needed to calm himself down—he wasn’t worked up, or frustrated—no, he just… fuck, he just hated this. He hated everything about it—this tension between them, the way he could barely even have a conversation with his brother that didn’t make him want to run for the freaking hills.
Until he realized what the archangel was implying.
“I won’t say a thing to Sam, about any of this.”
with her! Seriously, what the hell were you
A tense silence filled the air around the pair, and when Castiel offered no response, Dean finally forced himself to look up and meet those deep blue eyes again, only to find a curious—and mildly worried—look in them.
“To Dean!” several voices replied all around the room, hunters raising their own drinks as they paid their respects.
What?
Annoyed, eventually he stood up, walking over to the air conditioner and realizing it wasn't on as he'd assumed it would be. He frowned just as he realized his breath was coming out of his mouth in very visible warm puffs, dancing right in front of his face, as if it wasn’t fucking June. Just to check, he opened a window and was immediately hit with a wall of warm air from outside. He closed it a moment later, frowning in confusion at the glass, as if it would give him any answers if he did it for long enough.
“Okay, no, Cas, hold up,” Dean hurried to cut Cas off, because he was definitely not letting the angel take blame for anything concerning what had happened back there. Hell no. “You didn’t do anything wrong. Hell, things actually went better than I thought they would. Why the hell do you think you failed us?”
Cas kept trying to get into Dean’s head for the next whole hour without pause, but he couldn’t manage it, and Sam could see the worry growing in his eyes, the despair becoming more and more evident in features. All of it was clearly wearing down on the angel, the tiredness more obvious in his stance with every minute that passed. And it only got worse when Cas heard the small whines Dean had been doing every few minutes for the first time. He looked to be in actual physical pain as the sounds had reached his ears, because while Sam had already been hearing those for some time now, to the angel they were the confirmation that there was indeed
Dean shrugged, now honestly confused where Gabriel was trying to take this conversation. Did he even have a point he was trying to make, or was he just trying to be annoying now? Because if that was it, then he was making a pretty damn good job at it. “What else could it be?”
It was pretty early for drinking, but he had started earlier several times before, so it wasn’t like he couldn’t handle it. With that thought in mind, Dean slipped out of the Impala and walked over to the door of the bar.
It took a beat for anyone to actually say anything.
Dean's eyebrows rose a little in surprise at those words, because he had never realized that before, but now that he thought about it, that actually made sense. Cas only spoke with a human voice because he used Jimmy's vocal chords, but his mind was still his own, still the mind of an angel, so of course whatever he said through telepathy would be spoken in his angel voice. It was kind of weird to think about it, of course, but again, angels worked a lot differently than humans.
a fish.”
“And to do that you willingly let us walk into that barn. You let Dean use the First Blade to kill Cain. Whatever Dean’s going through right now…” Cas shook his head, once more feeling the need to turn away from Gabriel before he hit the archangel again, breathing in and out in a futile effort to calm himself down. Anger burned in his veins and he had no idea if he could stop it; he wasn't sure if he wanted to.
“You’re tired,” Cas stated, tilting his head to the side, those blue eyes glued to Dean’s face in that ‘looking into your soul’ kind of stare he managed to do so well. “You should go back to sleep, Dean.”
And when he finally turned around, the look in the angel's eyes was curious, albeit obviously hesitant, which made it clear that Cas really had no idea what to expect here, that he wasn't sure why Dean had just asked him to wait. There was something else in his gaze, though—something close to hope, something so raw and vulnerable that Dean felt his heart break a little at the sight of it. In that moment, the hunter wanted nothing more than to wrap his arms around the angel, to cradle him in his embrace and not let go until that look was finally gone from Cas' eyes.
complicated than walking. It took a whole new level of coordination that Dean certainly didn’t have yet, but he attempted it anyway, easing himself into simply walking quickly at first, then evolving into a jog when he felt confident enough, and fortunately, he didn’t trip and fall flat on his face—or, well, on his
"Dean, you gotta rest," Charlie commented, voice gentle and soft, as though afraid to spook him or set him off somehow if she spoke any louder.
been pregnant already, but they hadn’t been aware of it
He could hear words, Gabriel’s voice low and constant as he muttered what Sam could only assume was a spell, although the words were completely foreign to him. He was pretty sure it wasn’t even Enochian, or anything he recognized, for that matter.
Cas’ breath was labored, sending goosebumps all over Dean’s skin as it hit the side of the hunter’s neck, where the angel had buried his face. Cas’ groans and moans echoed through his entire body, being muffled against his throat. Dean loved those sounds, he was pretty sure he could get off just on hearing them; on listening to the pleasured sounds coming from Cas.
That thought was overwhelmingly terrifying, fear pouring into him like a powerful tidal wave now that he actually had the confirmation that there was something terribly wrong, but Castiel pushed the feeling away, telling himself harshly that panic would do nothing to help him at this moment. He needed to be rational, to actually think coherently about this or else he would get nowhere. His panic could very easily cause the deaths of his mate and child, and fortunately that thought alone was enough to force his mind to cooperate.
He went straight for the whiskey when he got home, not even considering beer as an option. He wanted something strong, wanted to feel the burn of the alcohol as it went down his throat, wanted to feel numb and just forget all about this freaking wedding.
For more details on any of those warnings
“Yeah,” he croaked out, giving a small, weak nod. “Why?”
glassy and anguished,
“I said get
Cas still hesitated for a moment, it seemed, because nothing happened right away. But Dean still allowed his eyes to slip closed again, muscles tense and ready for whatever was about to happen, expectation growing heavy and thick in his gut, sitting in his belly like a big block of lead.
Dean didn’t know if he should blame the Mark for it or if that was supposed to happen this time, but suddenly he felt this deep, terrible pain in his chest, which knocked all the air right out of his lungs without a warning. He was so startled by it that he lost his balance and fell backwards, letting out a pained hiss as he tumbled right out of the car, and for a moment he was afraid that he might actually topple down to the ground and hurt the baby, but fortunately a pair of strong arms that he could only assume belonged to his brother caught him before that could actually happen, wrapping themselves around his chest right below his arms and keeping him up, fully supporting Dean's weight, since all of a sudden his own legs seemed unwilling to help with that.
Castiel shrugged. "I honestly don't know what you're referring to. I personally think that went surprisingly well. We weren't discovered, and we got all the information they had to offer us. Wasn't that the point of this whole endeavor?"
Dean started at the sensation of a warm, wet tongue running over the skin of his chin. Frowning in confusion, he opened his eyes, then blinked a few times once he realized his vision was all blurry and unfocused, and when it finally cleared up, he found two big, red eyes staring curiously down at him, something very close to concern shining back at him from that intense, inquiring gaze.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” the woman hurried to apologize. She was standing right beside the bed, hovering uncomfortably close to Castiel for some reason the man just couldn't fathom. Her hair was orange, her eyes were light green, and she was holding a small notebook in a hand and a pen in the other. Castiel was certain he had never seen this woman before in his life. “I didn’t mean to startle you. I
The page loaded quickly enough, and Dean scrolled down, eyes settling on the latest post.
Cas; such a
It took a while, but eventually Dean’s coughing fit finally subsided, and when he was finally able to speak again, he let out an incredulous, “Where the hell did
Dean frowned in confusion at that, but was too startled to answer as the guy walked past him and began making his way to the exit, but paused to greet a big bearded man sitting by the window a few steps away, asking the him about his son and saying something about football.
If neither of those two showed up here, though, he would probably spend the night at a motel, then go looking for Castiel at work early tomorrow. He hadn’t seen any Gas-N-Sip’s while he’d been driving around town, but he just could look up some addresses in the morning and try his luck again.
Cas shook his head, his eyes back to their previous pleading state, which was confusing to say the least. There was an urgency to his voice that had Dean growing quiet, silently waiting for Cas to continue. He wasn’t sure anything he said right now would come out coherently, anyway. “A soul bond is… difficult to explain, Dean. A literal connection that reaches down to your very soul. If anything, what I did, forging such a meaningful bond without your consent, even without meaning it… It was a violation of the deepest degree, one I had no right to do.”
He stopped after the fifth bag, letting it fall just like he’d done with the others. He was breathing heavily as he leaned back against the counter behind him, pressing his back against it, and it was only in that moment that he realized that at some point, he’d apparently slid down to sit on the floor. He didn’t remember that happening at all, but he didn’t exactly dwell on it, not when his eyes found the five empty blood bags scattered around him on the floor.
Not even a full second after that thought registered in Sam’s head, Juliet was already up, standing on her four legs and growling loudly, angrily. Her ears lowered back against her head as she suddenly darted across the room, very much resembling a bloodhound that’d caught the scent of its prey, like a lioness closing in on its kill. She headed straight for one of the doors several feet away—the one that led into the small room Rowena had been sleeping in during the past week.
And now, all that he had to do was take all those ingredients down to Hell so Rowena could work her magic, and then he would be good to go.
He had finished the case two days ago and was actually a few towns over from where he’d ended a small nest of vamps. There had been only five of them, and the Mark actually helped, so it had been a pretty easy job. He had left the warehouse where they’d been hiding only a few minutes after sneaking in, just a few scratches covering his body and machete covered in vampire blood tightly gripped in his right hand.
Minutes passed, during which Dean simply laid there, concentrating on his breathing, on the calm, steady beating of his heart. Cas stayed right there with him, sitting in complete silence beside the hunter, though at some point the angel placed his hand on the human’s head again so he could go back to calmly carding his fingers through the hunter’s hair.
Again, the hunter couldn't help but wonder if the animals could somehow feel what they were, if they could sense the danger that came with their presence somehow and decided it was best to hide and keep their distance. Sure, it was currently night time, so all the birds were most likely asleep at this hour, but Dean hadn't yet seen even the smallest sign of all the nocturnal wildlife that certainly inhabited that forest, and he was pretty sure there had to be a reason for that. The woods were unnervingly quiet around them, and that was making Dean a bit anxious.
He retrieved the keys and ran back into the cell room, tossing them into Chuck’s cell. The man fumbled a bit, but caught them before they could drop to the floor.
Castiel had simply left her behind, even if she was the reason why he’d even managed to escape in the first place, the reason why he was still
Even though he had never seen most of the symbols that covered the walls before in his life, Dean still felt the need to make sure everything was in place. He knew some were there as warding, but the rest was still a mystery to him. Either way, Cas must have put those all over the walls for a reason.
The ceiling was pretty low in the cave, and Haley wasn’t exactly tall to begin with, so Dean didn’t have to reach up very high to get to the ropes currently restraining her. He raised his head, being careful to keep a safe distance from her hands as he closed his jaws around the ropes, making sure they were caught between his razor-sharp teeth before he started pulling at them, tugging repeatedly until the ropes finally gave under the strain and ripped.
Again, thank you all so much for the amazing feedback and kind comments! :D
wide, and were now focused on Dean so intensely that he couldn’t help but shift a bit in his seat, but he still forced himself to hold her gaze as the sheriff clearly struggled to find something to say.
Dean closed the fridge door once he’d found his dinner, then walked over to another door, opening up the small refrigerated compartment where they kept all the beer. He grabbed two bottles from it, then closed the small door softly, shaking his head as he replied, “Nah. Not really in the mood right now.”
he was going in the right direction, anyway. He was pretty sure he was, at least.
Fuck. God fucking
Dean felt his insides freeze at that last part. “Wait, wouldn’t the mean that… the baby would be…” He wasn’t sure how to say it, but he knew it couldn’t be good. There were a lot of syndromes he knew about out there that had to do with chromosomes, right? Of course he’d never heard of what might happen if you had a baby with two Y chromosomes, because of course normally that couldn’t happen, but what if it did? What if...?
And it did work, fortunately. Sam and Charlie exchanged a look, hesitating for just a beat before they finally relented, and soon enough they left him alone with the promise of being back shortly with food and water, and Dean took that as his chance, getting up from the bed just a few seconds after the two were out the door and moving to where he’d spotted his and Cas’ bags earlier as silently as he could.
Dean swallowed drily, adjusting his grip on his gun, aiming right at her back—on the left side, exactly where her heart should be.
Not thinking much of it, he’d placed the bag onto the library table as he took in the bowl that rested on it, the remains of whatever spell Cas had cooked up to reach Hannah in Heaven still visible in it, a coating of dark blue covering almost every inch of the inside of the bowl. Around it, a few ingredients were spread over the wooden surface, chopped up or dusted, depending on what it was and how it had been prepared.
Okay, so Rowena was the witch, then, which meant that Balthazar, Benny and Crowley were all hybrids, along with Castiel.
. It was almost like he could read Dean's mind sometimes, which was a little freaky, to be honest.
“That’s not enough for you. You’re not attracted by looks.” Cas nodded lightly in response. “That’s alright, Cas, seriously, I read a lot about that actually, when I was trying to..." He shrugged weakly, "figure myself out, I guess. You might be pansexual, or even demisexual.”
Eventually, Dean found himself slipping inside a fairly unused bathroom near the science labs, which was blessedly empty when he walked in. He stalked over to the sinks and dropped his bag on the floor, opening up a faucet and throwing some water on his face, and as the small, cold droplets slid over his skin, leaving wet, glistening trails on his cheeks, Dean leaned forward, holding on to the porcelain sink with both of his hands as he stared at his reflection in the mirror.
So he swallowed drily, taking a moment to think over his response. He kept his face impassive as he nodded, letting out a simple, low, “Yeah.”
“Exactly,” Gabriel nodded, “But that will happen gradually, and pretty much like clockwork. Which means you Grace will only provide Dean’s body the means to pop out the little one when it is the right time for him to give birth. Which means—”
He’d never have the life he'd always wanted. He’d never find someone, would never actually be able to make a relationship
His words sounded final, as if once they were out the conversation would simply be over right there, just like that.
“I care about you, Fergus,” Rowena feigned offense, “That is the reason why I came back, why I looked for you. You are my son.”
button in the corner of the page, and typed in Jacques’ email address. He filled in the
“How long have you known that?”
“Just like deep down you know that this thing you have with… Castiel, is it? That poor excuse of an angel. Whatever that is, it’s not going to last.”
And while he couldn’t drink, only Cas knew why, and he had to ignore the confused frowns from Sam and Charlie the three other times they had offered him a beer during movie night. Fortunately, they stopped after that, seeming to have finally realized that Dean was adamant about this and wouldn't change his mind.
April nodded again. Something flashed in her eyes, though Castiel wasn’t sure what exactly that had been. Curiosity, maybe? It had looked like something else, but whatever it was, it was gone so fast that he didn’t get a chance to really examine it. “Do you know where she took you?”
“Leave him alone!” Ava was holding a crowbar in her hands, her eyes wide and frantic, her breathing a little heavy. Castiel hadn’t realized she’d woken up. “Let us go, you sick bastard!”
Claire had scoffed at him, though, replying with a dry, “Why, you always get along with
Dean crawled over Cas slowly, shivering as their naked skin dragged against each other's, only pausing when he reached Cas' head. He planted his elbows onto the mattress so that he could hover over the angel, taking in Cas' completely disheveled state, with his skin flushed and hair an absolute mess, pupils blown so wide with arousal that there was no more than a thin ring of blue around each of them. Dean's smile widened at the sight, and the human leaned down to place a short, tender kiss to the seraph's lips. Briefly, Dean wondered if Cas could taste himself in his mouth, and the hunter's dick twitched happily at the thought. "Cas... how far do you want to go tonight?" he whispered against the angel's mouth when he pulled away, lifting his head just enough so that he could examine Cas' reaction to his words.
“So they’re really on their way here to kill you both?” Charlie asked.
happen, Charlie and Benjamin still looked pretty confused—which wasn’t exactly surprising, seeing as they’d never used this kind of magic before.
Ben let out a quiet snort, and Dean could very easily picture him shaking his head at her over Dean’s back, maybe even rolling his eyes. “This thing can’t understand you, Haley. It doesn’t know we want to get back to the camp.”
The priest’s eyes widened even more at that, and his eyebrows rose, shooting up all the way to his freaking hairline. He opened his mouth—probably to call bullshit on Dean’s admission, to question it somehow, but the hunter was quick to raise a hand, forefinger stretched in a wordless reminder of their agreement, and the man hurried to close his mouth shut again, pressing his lips together unhappily, without uttering another word.
Grace, the one he had before. Is it just… gone?”
But then why was he still here?
wings hurting?” he asked, lifting his head back up to meet Cas' eyes, and as he did it, his gaze found the angel's other wing, still carefully folded behind the seraph's back. Even if Dean couldn't see the whole thing, he could still easily tell that wing was just as mangled as Cas' other one. "I mean, they're just as torn up as mine are."
“What the hell is he talking about?” she demanded, a clear edge to her words. Her eyes narrowed in a clear, wordless question when they found Cas’, then Dean’s, but neither of them actually gave her a response. Dean swallowed drily again, completely lost on what to say, while Cas simply let his wings droop a bit behind him, the seraph’s grip around his blade growing just a tiny bit more lax as his shoulders slumped at his sides.
at her? She’s hot as hell! Like, come on!”
"Well, did you?" the hunter asked, "Ask him, I mean."
just move. Maybe she really is cursed, if she chose to stay in the same house her entire family died in, knowing there was something wrong with place and turning into a hermit instead of making a break for it while she still can.”
; too many leads that would just end up leading them to nothing in the end. Following Charlie's plan meant wasting time they didn't
“Gabriel told me he believes the Book of the Damned could indeed have something to remove the Mark of Cain,” he said finally, and Dean’s heart all but skipped a damn beat. Why hadn’t Cas mentioned this earlier? “However, he also…” Another pause, and briefly Dean wondered why the angel seemed to be thinking his words through so much. “He would be of no help in translating the Book, so that task falls to us.”
“You have to swallow, Dean. I know it tastes like crap, but you know you have to.”
Ben got a lot more energetic than it would be advisable so early because of the ice cream, but fortunately it had toned down by the time they went to get lunch. Ben had wanted McDonald’s, but when Dean had asked him if he’d already had fast food that week and the boy had muttered a quiet yes in response, Dean had to set his foot down on that one and decided to take them to eat something a little healthier.
“No, no, it’s just…” Sam shook his head, shrugging. “I don’t know. Ever since I left, I feel like… like everyone just keeps walking on eggshells around me whenever I call, like I’m some scared, skittish animal, and they’re afraid to bring up hunting or something about the life and
Also, during the fight, Cas, Charlie, Sam and Juliet get hurt, and Juliet's injury is by far the worst one. Cas also ends up in  a pretty bad state by the end of the chapter, and because of that, so does Dean.
high.
A human heart—or, well, something pretty close to it, anyway, with the same physiology at least. It was beating calmly in the distance, its rhythm steady, stable, calm and constant like that of someone who’d been either sitting or lying down for a while.
Groaning, Dean tried to roll over, but found that he couldn’t. There was something heavy on his chest, something warm and firm that apparently wouldn’t let him move, because it just wouldn’t budge.
“Crowley.” Dean could already feel the panic building up inside, the cold, electric chill running down his spine. He remembered the way Crowley had eyed him up and down, the freaking
Lisa was very quick to reply, "
“Maybe Claire will tell her,” Sam guessed, his eyes just a little wider, which led Dean to believe that thought hadn’t crossed his brother’s mind until that moment. He let out a small huff, shaking his head, “Yeah, that wouldn’t be good at all.”
“But I will say one thing,” the older hunter continued, his voice lowering in volume, growing more serious. That unsettling, intense look was suddenly back in his eyes. “Your brother’s not gone, Sam. It might feel like he is, but deep,
And now that he was thinking about it… Did Cas want to be there for that conversation? Fuck, they hadn’t even talked about this yet. He hadn’t even told Cas that he might tell Jody during this visit at all, in fact.
Healing Juliet, however, hadn’t really been an option, since apparently angelic power might simply harm the hellhound instead of actually helping with her wounds, so if Gabriel tried to heal her, that would probably end up only hurting her even more. So all they had been able to do for her was wrap up her torso in bandages to stop the bleeding and try to make her comfortable, which apparently meant Gabriel disappearing off to somewhere for a couple of minutes and returning to the cabin with a pink dog bed, a small fluffy blanket, a purple dog water bowl and a little dinosaur chewing toy that Juliet had popped as soon as she’d sunk her teeth into it, because of course hellhounds’ teeth were a lot sharper than a normal dogs', so unsurprisingly, the little blue plastic triceratops hadn’t really stood a chance.
Dean actually chuckled this time, almost choking on his pie. He shook his head at his brother once again, though this time in pure amusement. He lifted his hand, his forefinger pointed upwards as he prepared to make a point. “Okay, Sammy, first of all—you’re way too straight to pull that off.”
Charlie had already loaded some bags into the Lincoln, so Dean and Sam loaded the rest into the Impala. Briefly Dean wondered where the Book was, but he quickly came to the conclusion that he’d better not know. Although he did have a feeling Charlie must have packed it in the Lincoln.
Awesome.
himself. It wouldn’t be safe for him to let himself go hungry again. He would only be putting innocent lives in danger if he stopped drinking that blood, and he would be a damn awful hunter if he let that happen.
Sam's head snapped up abruptly, his eyes wide. He suddenly looked a little guilty, like he was a kid who'd just been caught with his hand shoved into a cookie jar. He cleared his throat, shaking his head weakly. "No, no, that's not... I mean, they just look... painful."
The wendigo’s claws scratched at Dean’s chest, but even if the hunter could feel blood slipping out from his new wounds and clinging to his fur, the creature’s claws didn’t get in too deep, so he wasn’t too worried—and, well, even if they
Fuck.
And suddenly Dean was alone, getting no vocal response at all, the brief sound of wings fluttering through the air the only telltale that Gabriel had ever been there, leaving the hunter alone in the car once more.
“Stop the car.”
The wind whipped against the walls nonstop now, and for a moment Sam wondered if they were in the eye of a hurricane, because it surely seemed like they were. It was like the storm knew what was happening inside that barn and wanted to make itself known, either showing support or voicing vehemently against it, Sam couldn't know which.
Apparently, Cas was just as horny as he was, because he pulled out and pushed back in without another moment of hesitation, in one quick, fluid motion that knocked all the breath right out of Dean’s lungs and
Dean was pretty sure Sam would pick up on it eventually. Of course, Dean sure as hell wasn’t going to tell his brother the whole story, but he knew the Sam would be smart enough to figure out there was something wrong with him; that there was something weird going on between him and Cas. He could only brush off Cas’ absence like something normal for so long.
"They
At first, Gabriel’s words didn’t really register in his mind, the meaning behind them not entirely clear, and all Dean found himself able to do for a moment was… well, just blink at the guy, a confused frown forming in his brows.
And that was a pretty big relief, because Dean had been legitimately worried that they'd been neglecting her up until then.
He didn't get a chance to try again, though; to try to find any more words to say, to construct an actually eloquent sentence—or even just a coherent one, really.
“Okay, first of all, I don’t know how many more times I’m gonna have to say this until you actually believe me, but everything that happened with Claire wasn’t on
He had no idea how long he stood there for, just staring off into the distance with an empty bottle of beer grasped in his hand, but eventually, the sky changed colors. Gradually, blue gave place to hues of red and orange, and then purple, until Sam found himself staring up at an immense blackness, an endless dark canvas with bright, white stars sprinkled all over it. The full moon shone brightly down at him, silent and eerie, an ancient presence constantly watching over him from a couple hundred thousand miles away.
“The claim is not demonic, Samantha,” Sam frowned in confusion at those words, his mind not quite catching up to Crowley’s words, “It’s angelic.”
stop.
Ben, however, seemed to have an even better idea.
different, and not just because Tom was dead and Meg had found a new partner to help her keep doing what she'd been doing, to keep moving from town to town with her, kidnapping and turning people as they went. No, this case was different because Meg wasn’t here at all, and someone had apparently taken her place.
a little weird.”
They’d planned this. They’d invited him here tonight without telling him about John because they
“You want something to drink?” he asked when he finally managed to get his legs to move and followed his father into the living room, finding the man glancing around himself almost warily, taking in the room around him like he feared he might break something if he wasn’t careful or moved around too much. He looked so uncomfortable, so out of place, Sam would have found the scene amusing under normal circumstances.
And all of that did absolutely nothing to help him.
Above Castiel, Gabriel continued to speak, "Any other angel's Grace that Castiel claims for himself has to merge with his soul, but for that to work, it has to... become a copy of his original Grace, to a degree, at least enough so that a connection can happen. It's a very, very delicate process, and that's exactly what Mark screwed up."
“And Dean… he’s
Cas nodded slowly. “Yes, Dean.” He sounded a little annoyed with a hint of amusement, but maybe that was just because this was the fifth time Dean had asked him that very question in the last hour or so.
Fortunately, though, that pain hadn’t lasted for too long—no, it’d quickly been replaced by relief, since they got a call from Cas soon after that, on their drive home from that exact same case. Of course, that whole episode had haunted Sam's thoughts for weeks after it'd happened, even if Cas was back, and he found himself fearing what would happen if they ever lost Cas again, what Dean would be willing to do in order to deal with his grief. Sam had hoped, back then, that they would never have to deal with Cas dying ever again.
Dean wasn’t sure what to make of all the emotions that flashed on Claire’s face then—the anger and hurt were both pretty obvious, but there was something else there too, something much more intense, more
Dean’s own cock felt heavy between his legs, throbbing impatiently, clearly unhappy that it was currently being left out of all the fun, but Dean resisted the urge to touch himself as much as he could, only granting himself a few quick strokes as he focused all his energy on the task of making Cas feel better, of getting the angel right there, standing at the very edge of the precipice, just
Charlie shrugged, nothing more than a weak, halfhearted movement that was barely even there. “Technically, a week ago, but… well, let’s just say it dragged on a little. We kept arguing until, like, three days ago. ”
The trickster shrugged once more, still looking as unfazed as ever by the conversation, sounding almost uninterested now, “Who said my intention was to kill them in the first place?”
Dean has two bodily fights with the monster, and he gets hurt in both of them. On the first one, he pops one of the monster’s eyes with one of his claws. On the second one, Dean (as a wolf) literally
Dean briefly wondered how long that one was going to last, but he guessed not much.
Most of their time was spent in the library as they worked through their research, as they looked for something,
And he did.
The meaning behind her words couldn't be clearer, and it instantly had Dean looking down to avoid the girl's intense gaze. "I can't tell Sam, Charlie." Telling Charlie had been one thing; she was pretty much on the same boat as him on this. But Sam? Dean had no idea what his brother's reaction to this might be, the single thought of it already enough to fill his insides with dread. What if Sam hated him? What if he was disgusted by him? Or disappointed? Dean could barely even handle the thought of it. "At least not yet," he added, even though he didn't exactly mean it; he just said it for Charlie's sake, to be honest.
Dean learned that his guess had been correct as soon as he walked through the doors at the front of the building—the place was indeed about to close, but fortunately all he had to do was put on his best smile and work his charm on the bartender (she didn’t seem to care too much about all the cuts on his face, and for that he was glad), and about ten minutes later, Dean was leaving the bar with several less bucks in his wallet and a brand new bottle of the cheapest whiskey the place had to offer in his hand. This wasn't exactly the ideal way to deal with his problems, of course, and he knew that, but it would do the trick just fine, and that was all that truly mattered to him right now.
“The Mark wants the nephilim dead. It doesn’t like something that is part angel growing inside its host. You know that already, obviously. But the thing is, while your Grace is burning out, it doesn't need to focus on killing the nephilim, because if it manages to kill Dean, it kills all three of you. Your borrowed Grace will not be able to fight the Mark if that happens, it'll burn out in minutes. And can you guess how exactly the Mark can do that?”
“She’s with Amelia right now,” Sam replied, “But you can go in there too. Amelia did ask for you. I’m sure Claire will understand.”
Without another word, Crowley stood up and rounded the table, falling in step right beside Balthazar as the pair made their way over to the door of the kitchen. When they actually got there, though, Crowley paused, turning back around and fixating his gaze on Dean.
"Cas, I..." Dean shook his head, closing his eyes, doing his best not to let himself get lost in all the urges currently simmering underneath his skin, all the impulses he could feel fighting for dominance inside of him. He had to actually think about this, to figure out if Cas really wanted this, or if the angel was just going along with it because he knew
So he just stood by the door for another minute as Cas dried Dean's skin with another cloth and then returned to his usual spot lying on the bed beside Dean, and Sam just watched the two for a moment as he tried to turn the thoughts in his head into words. He knew what he wanted to ask, but he wasn’t sure how to phrase it.
The sheriff had called them at some point with the update that there was no car registered with that license plate in the entire freaking country, so that was also not helpful at all.
And it hurt. It really,
Dean nodded, because the dude did have a point. He would have probably thought Jimmy was insane too, had he been in Alexander’s place.
to know. He hadn’t entirely thought about the possibility of Cas not being able to help until now. He didn’t think he could even consider it, really.
Dean was barely even halfway into his fourth day as a damn hybrid now, and he could barely even
Cas’ eyes were and how they reminded him of a beautiful blue sea that surrounded some distant tropical island or some shit.
stopped by today, huh?”
Dean and Cas exchanged looks, and the angel seemed to be as surprised by those words as Dean felt. Well, this just couldn’t mean anything good. They had known that Gabriel was working on some shady side projects they didn’t quite approve of already, but if he had really lied to Cas about it like this, if he’d felt the need to hide it...
“And then there’s my parents. My Mother was always… strict, not exactly warm and loving, but she was still my Mother, and in the last few years I had with her, she did seem to be getting better, growing… well, warmer, I guess, more lenient and mother-like, in her own way. And while I wasn’t in contact with my Father all that much while growing up, he, too, had been making an effort to keep in touch with all of us recently.”
But he kept looking, because he had to make sure everything really was fine. He needed to be thorough, to make sure no damage had been done to Dean’s soul and body, as well as the nephilim’s. He needed to be sure the enormous amount of energy that had been released when his Grace had claimed Dean’s soul a second time hadn’t been too much. He had to make sure that there were no—
And he didn’t know what that
didn’t have the time. They really had to find Cas’ Grace fucking yesterday at this point, and they couldn’t waste another freaking minute, so instead of inquiring about what exactly Gabriel was up to this time, they had all just hurried to do what they’d been told.
"I don't know why you're here," Alexander said when he seemed to decide the silence had stretched on for long enough, "But I don't want any part of it. Get out of my sight."
than coming to Dean.
He’d been doing a fairly good job of keeping his head in the game up until then, of burying everything down as deep as it would go so that he could actually get things
Of course, by the time he'd met Dean, he knew it had happened before. Stories of the time when a few angels had discovered what would happen if a bond between a human soul and an angel’s Grace was formed were told until this day in a form of teaching and warning angels of what could happen were something like that to ever be repeated.
Charlie nodded weakly again, swallowing, and apparently she didn’t seem to find anything else to add to that, instead letting the silence linger around them once more.
Sam let out a low, weak huff, shaking his head lightly as he said, “You know, Cas said the same thing.”
"Can you at least give me a hint, though?" Dean asked once they were both inside the car, "Just so I know what to expect here? Because frankly, I'm a little worried."
“Now, what do you say we go get you cleaned up so that you can try to get some sleep? You think you can do that?”
Another tense pause took place then, and Cas looked so resigned, so utterly crestfallen with his head bowed and shoulders slumped at his sides, like he’d just given up, like he’d just
That seemed to be the only thing that would get Cas to actually pull away from him right now, and the angel hurried to open the bedside table drawer, retrieving the bottle they were about halfway through right now. Dean actually hadn’t used any of it after Cas had left, sticking mostly to not going much farther than jerking off in the shower with Cas gone, and still feeling oddly empty as he did it because the bond felt numb and he hated it.
“Dean!”
Oh. Well, didn’t that make him feel so much better.
“Angels do not mate like any other beings,” Cas tone grew even heavier, “Perhaps precisely because we don't actually have bodies of our own, or maybe even because we're a very old species. It is not something quick, and sexual interaction is not at all required. Intercourse is a method, of course, however it is not necessary. The mating itself consists simply of the bonding of the two angels’ Grace, and that is all that is needed to create a fledging.”
And yet, Castiel could not fight the smile that still lingered in his lips.
Cas shook his head lightly, but he didn’t look dubious at all. No, in fact, if anything, Dean’s words only made his conviction even more intense in his bright blue eyes. “I want to,” the angel said with another nod, and Dean was actually a little surprised with how there was no doubt in the angel’s voice, his hesitation from earlier now all but gone from both his voice and face.
The angel didn’t seem willing to respond at first, instead looking more uncomfortable than ever, which only confused Dean even more. It wasn’t a look that fit Cas in the slightest, and he wasn’t sure what could make him feel that way.
“Oh, so you
“Damn, Cas,” Dean breathed out, closing his eyes as he felt his heart hammering against his ribcage. The angel didn’t respond, simply continued working his mouth over Dean’s stubbled jaw and over the hunter’s neck, now alternating between kissing, licking and biting softly against the skin.
around him, as absurd as that may have seemed to the angel.
However, that comment was apparently enough to make Cas lose his patience.
He swallowed drily at the sight of it, remembering the cold feeling of the metal against his skin the last time he’d touched it, the last time he’d rested his hands onto it. He’d been desperate at the time, hopeless as he’d apologized to Cas for leading both of them into yet another trap, and for probably getting both of them killed while Billie repeatedly slammed her fist against that door, insistently pounding against the wood, slowly but surely chipping away at the warding that Cas had so desperately placed around that room, with his own freaking blood.
And now that Dean had actually managed to open his eyes, he finally figured out where he was. The ugly, colorless walls, the small, mildly claustrophobic room, the funky light bulb hanging from the center of the ceiling—this was Rowena’s room at the brewery, and Dean was currently lying in her bed, which explained why he felt so comfortable, considering the fancy, ridiculously expensive mattress she’d demanded they get for her.
something—so he knew she wouldn’t give up until he actually relented, until he at least gave her
But before they could do that, they had to track down the codex, so as soon as the call was done Dean began going through the Men of Letters’ archives to look for anything on a witch name Nadya and her codex.
But maybe he was overreacting. Maybe Cas had just left and would be back soon. Maybe he hadn’t even taken off. Maybe he was still in town. His car hadn’t even been here at the motel, and he wouldn’t have
“The room with the table right at the center, with the big world map.”
After the call was done, Dean lingered in the parking lot for a little while, still not finding it in himself to start up Baby’s engine and drive back to the cabin. His eyes focused on the bar a few meters away, the faded letters on the front and the bright ‘Open’ sign by the door.
Cas shook his head lightly. “No. Absarokee.”
are extremely unlucky, then one of the locations they decide to check turns out to be yours. If they’re smart, though, they could just wait it out and see if they can find a hotspot that moves around, so they can discard the angel fall sites right away—and
By the look on Jody’s face, it wasn’t hard to guess that she really wanted to ask about that, that she wanted to know more, because Sam knew he was being really freaking vague right now, sharing as little details as possible. But Jody seemed to have understood that there were some parts of this story that Sam wasn’t going to tell her, that he didn’t want to share, so she didn’t ask about it, didn’t try to make him share any more than he seemed willing to.
He wasn't sure if he was really a vampire and all those vampire stories had simply gotten everything wrong, or if he was something else entirely, some other creature that also drank blood but that wasn't affected by the sun or by garlic, something he'd never even heard about and that definitely didn't die easy.
It meant he would never be safe again.
Dean snorted, “Understatement of the year, buddy.”
Cas didn't move for a while once it was all over. The angel stayed unmoving for several seconds, simply hovering a few inches above Dean with one elbow pressed to the mattress to keep himself steady, his breathing labored and loud, his eyes closed, though his grip on the hunter's thigh did loosen eventually, which allowed the human's lower half to fall to the mattress, and Dean gasped when that caused the angel's by now quickly softening cock to slip out of him.
“And while I don’t like you too much, Dean-o,” Dean scoffed, but remained quiet otherwise, “To Castiel… I don’t think you realize just how much you mean to him.”
Yeah, well, at least Dean had another dress shirt in his duffel.
Castiel felt the corner of his lips being pulled upwards as a smile formed on his lips. To most people, those words might sound normal, even rushed and just plainly objective, but he knew Dean well enough to tell they were anything but.
The demon stopped, looking surprised, but only for a moment, until he let out a laugh. Clicking his tongue and shaking his head lightly, he pointed the knife at Dean's face. “Now, Dean, that’s just impolite.” He lifted the blade even more then, and his intent was clear as he prepared to lay a blow onto Dean’s stomach, lifting the knife up to his face with the tip pointed downwards at Dean's belly.
There was blood in his mouth again, but this time it felt like acid and he spit it onto the floor as it began to burn the inside of his mouth and choke him, making it harder to breathe. He tried to crawl away from the war room, tried to get away from the gory scene behind him, but when his stomach began to burn as well he had to stop moving, curling in on himself in pain because it just hurt too fucking much for him to move.
Cas looked startled, a frown of confusion taking over his brows for only a moment before he seemed to understand exactly what was going on, and then he was shaking his head, his eyes a little wider than before. “Dean, no, don’t. It is not—”
right now.
you?”
Sam let out a tiny little huff, shaking his head at his brother. “You’re the fucking worst, you know that?”
fucking weird. Dean's brain was struggling to process all those new sensations, because they were coming from something that hadn't been there days ago, from brand new muscles and nerve endings that still felt far too foreign and new.
and that was the only thing he could focus on right now.
The redhead shrugged, looking down at her half-eaten burger. She fiddled with a piece of the napkin she was using to hold it before she finally answered, "Heaven tracked us through me, remember?"
“Oh, hi, Dean! I didn’t see you there!”
And right now, with Charlie and Balthazar stuck in place and with him pinned to the wall as he was, that thought was absolutely terrifying.
Dean let his tongue drag against the hot, velvety flesh of the angel’s cock, feeling it pulsate in his mouth, enjoying the weight of it on his tongue. He encircled the head carefully, rounding it a few times before dipping his tongue into the small slit right at the tip, tasting the pre-come that now slipped out of the seraph’s dick in consistent intervals, small blobs of it spurting out every few seconds.
on Cas, he walked out the room in search for his lost tie. He found it lying on the couch, where he had apparently left it the day before, but lingered in the living room for a few moments, both trying to wait for his erection to go down and for Cas to put on some clothes, because holy fucking hell he really didn't know if he could hold himself back if he had stayed in that bedroom for even a second longer. It was only after over five minutes at least that he walked back into the bedroom so he could put his tie on properly using the mirror, his dick finally having realized what a terrible timing it had.
Dean was careful not to let his left hand on sight too much, just in case she noticed the lack of a ring in his finger. No need to correct her.
"Maybe. We haven't come across Jacob yet," Sam pointed out, and at the mention of the Styne's name the hunter watched as Cas' eyes grew harder, colder even, like a cloak of some sort had suddenly been drapped over them.
floating around in his head, so many doubts just piling up in his mind, he didn’t even know how to sort through all those thoughts, and it wasn't like he could just turn it all off, as much as he wanted to. He had spent the handful of hours Cas had slept just lying in bed thinking about everything that had happened yesterday and this morning, and he still couldn’t quite wrap his mind around everything.
They’d earned it—both of them. Chilling at the beach, toes in the sand, just Dean, Sam and—
”Let’s keep moving,” Castiel whispered after a while, nodding toward the hallway behind the front desk, and when he started walking, crossing the small room in a handful of strides, he heard the others follow him without question.
And once he was done with searching for ingredients, just as he’d predicted, he was only missing three things from the list—the blood, the bone, and of course, Cas’ Grace. He had a possible substitute for the last one—and he hoped with everything he had in him that Cas’ dry, one-month-old blood would work—but he still needed to go after the other two, and that’s exactly what he planned on doing next.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d be able to hold himself back, though, so he really needed this woman to leave.
“Why does everything hurt so much?” he asked, the words coming out low and strained, "Apart from my back, I mean." Now he knew why he was hurting
. Dean and Cas’
but there was nothing he could do to stop any of it.
“Dean, slow down,” Sam stopped him before Dean could continue, his brain struggling to process everything he was hearing when he had just woken up. His mind decided to latch onto one single fact at a time so it had the chance to process everything. “Rowena has Cas? How the hell… how could that even happen?”
Dean nodded. “I was actually
Rowena chuckled again, shaking her head at him. “Oh, no. I’m afraid the Grand Coven doesn’t exist anymore—well, to be honest, I’m not sad about that at all. When I heard the news, I was
“You need any help?” Dean asked without really thinking about it, more out of habit than anything else. He also had no idea what kind of monster Scott may be dealing with over there, but if he needed help…
Dean let his voice soften a bit, turning gentle, careful. “Actually, it is,” he lied, “And about Amelia and Claire, too.”
Instantly, Sam’s mind went back a few years to the time when Balthazar had actually bought the soul of a little boy, Aaron Birch, in exchange for a piece of the Staff of Moses. That had been the first time they had ever heard of an angel actually claiming a human soul in any way. Although unheard of, that incident had proven it possible, but fortunately, the idea hadn't become popular somehow. They hadn’t heard anything like it again after that. At least not until now…
Apparently, he was, with the way his gaze rose to Dean’s face, a question in his eyes.
It was an odd sight to see Gabriel truly surprised, caught completely off guard. Castiel had never experienced that sight before, and he was not sure what to make of the fact that he was seeing it now either.
tell was that the conversation going on up there wasn’t calm; it actually sounded like an argument. Dean didn’t really care what it was about, though; all that his mind truly registered from that was the fact that there was more than one person—
“Firstly, I believe I should tell you that the bond will not allow you to age.”
Dean drove for eight hours straight.
“Because they’ve never dealt with anything like this before,” Sam replied easily, a sharp edge to his words. His voice grew a little louder, more urgent. “Because they don’t
Seriously, was Dean just not allowed to be happy at all? Couldn’t he just catch a fucking break, for once in his life? After
had Dean gotten himself into here? He couldn’t live with these people for a whole freaking month. He might actually go insane.
“Well, don’t get me wrong, Dean, but… to me it does sound like he has a pretty good reason to feel that way.” Jody said those words gently, calmly, like she knew Dean wouldn’t like hearing them, which was the only reason why Dean didn’t snap at her.
Dean swallowed, thinking his answer over for a beat. “I guess you just… have a sense for this sort of thing, when you’ve been hunting as long as I have. But trust me—I have some pretty good reasons to think that it’s all related.”
Castiel’s thoughts halted at that, and he had to take another moment to mull over the redhead’s words, to try and wrap his head around them.
Cas didn’t respond right away. His hold on Dean tightened around the hunter’s body, not saying a single word about the fact that Dean’s tears were probably soaking his shirt right then, apparently not caring about it at all. He was silent for very close to a minute, until finally he calmly said, “It does not matter whether or not we should have confronted Cain or if there was a better route we could have persued. Cain is dead, and that will not be changed. All we can do now is deal with the consequences of that.”
Dean could feel it—the hard length right at the front of the angel's pants, probably already tenting the fabric. Dean's head actually started freaking spinning at that thought.
It had been hours since Sam had placed both Dean and Cas in the car’s backseat and sped his way back to the Bunker.
Those words were a lot harder to let out than Dean had expected. His voice sounded strained as he did it, hoarse and awfully low, his throat suddenly feeling a little dry. Several images slipped into his mind—countless memories from his childhood and early teenage years, showing up without logic, not following a chronological order.
Again, Dean had been feeling pretty hopeless for a while now, losing confidence on this plan of theirs. The more weeks that passed and they made absolutely no freaking progress at all with the codex or the Book of the Damned, Dean only grew more and more disbelieving about that plan, and right now, he was almost certain that they wouldn’t be able to get the Mark off of him this way.
She didn’t seem to find anything, and eventually, she shook her head. “How can you be here, Castiel? You… you were
“But because of my magic, I could never stay in the same place for too long, not back then. You see, a few centuries ago, life was difficult for people like me—or at least a lot more difficult than it is now. I moved around a lot. I was always on the run, always hiding away. Fergus was born in Scotland as well, but we moved to England right after, so he grew up there.”
Dean kept his face calm, acting like the question was perfectly normal, even as he registered the way Linda frowned at the words, clearly confused by the weird question, like Cas might as well asked her to set fire to her own house.
to be the angel's explanation, but honestly, he was more amused by it than anything else. There was just something weirdly hilarious about the thought of Cas squinting confusedly at some random couple from way back in the freaking Middle Ages or something, his head tilted in confusion as he stood as stiff as a freaking statue in the corner of the room, trying and failing to understand what exactly was happening right in front of his eyes.
Pulling in another deep breath to steady himself, Castiel opened his eyes, then adjusted his grip on the wooden object once more, lifting his other hand and wrapping it around the long, slim body of it as well, holding it more firmly than before.
What he wasn’t used to, however, was being on
Dean winced, giving her a sheepish, apologetic look, though he still felt a wave uneasiness pouring into his gut. Okay, so apparently Sam and Eileen were
Eventually Dean found himself pressing his hand (the one that wasn't holding Cas') against the angel’s forehead, feeling the skin under his palm still a lot warmer than he would have been happy with. “You still have a fever,” he announced, keeping his voice low and gentle, nothing more than a calm whisper, afraid to speak any louder and spook the angel, “What are you feeling? Are you in pain?”
Sam’s tone was light, almost joking, but it sounded off, wrong even. It was an attempt to lighten the mood somehow, and Dean felt thankful that he'd tried at all, but of course it didn’t work too well, and all the older brother managed to give Sam in response was a weak, barely even there smile.
Dean knew exactly what day she was talking about—the morning Crowley had showed up in their room in Stratford, when he and Cas had been naked on the bed, on their way back to the Bunker after the whole thing in Montana. That had been the day they’d found out that Crowley indeed knew about the nephilim, but they had talked about way too many other things Rowena had not been supposed to know about.
As another tense silence settled over them, Dean let his eyes wander around the room, feeling that same distant, unclear memory from before still lingering there, in the back of his mind, dancing right at the edge of his consciousness, though not actually managing to breach the surface just yet.
been the ones behind the Grand Coven's demise, and he was a bit surprised to find out that he’d been pretty wrong about that. “Do you know who it was?” he asked.
Castiel shook his head, trying to clear up his racing thoughts, but that did very little to help, and all that he managed to come up with in that moment was a low, hoarse, “He’s not safe out there, Charlie. They’re looking for us—all of us. Dean told you what that witch said, didn’t he?”
As he felt Cas' warmth against him, though, body firm, solid and real under his hands, Dean couldn't help but remember Alastair's words from his nightmare, about how what Dean had with Cas wasn't meant to last, that it would crumble just like everything else in his life had. He couldn't find it in himself to deny those words, to deem them false and ignore how very painfully close to a fear Dean so often tried to push away, but that right now just didn't seem willing to leave his mind. He knew he didn't deserve Cas; he had been aware of that for a while now, and that nightmare had reminded Dean of that, shattered the illusion he'd foolishly built around himself and Cas during the past few months. He'd actually convinced himself he would be able to keep this, that he could finally be
The wendigo paused as soon as that change happened, its growling becoming lower, more careful as it regarded Dean, as if the thing was considering him, trying to figure out what to make of him.
"I did not receive the title of ruler of Heaven, or of the... 'boss' as you so insistently call it, for anything other than trust," Hannah said, shaking her head once more, though the movement looked so much weaker now. Her voice had lost its edge, earning what sounded like a tired tone. It was almost like she'd suddenly lost the strength to keep up that hard, confident front. "The other angels trust me to do the right thing, to ensure that Heaven functions the way our Father intended it to, and that means making sure that all His rules are followed by every single one of us." She let out another breath, before turning her head slightly, just so she could glance over at their small group several feet away, two of which were still kneeling on the ground. Her eyes found Castiel, and for some reason, they looked almost... sad, which was a very odd sight to see, though it was still enough to make her look so much more like the Hannah Castiel had once come to know. He had certainly not expected the sight of it right now, though that did not mean that the change in her demeanor was not welcome in any way. "The angels hate you, Castiel. All of them. So if I even tried to change their minds about this, even if I wished to do that, they would consider it treason. Heaven will see this nephilim dead, no matter who is in charge of making that happen."
. That memory was crystal clear, painfully vivid whenever it slipped into the forefront of his mind, whenever it replayed inside his head, be it in a dream, or during a moment of weakness, when he lost the battle against his own conscience, when he could no longer find the strength within himself to push it away and was forced to relive one of the most excruciating moments of his entire life.
Dean nodded, letting out a relieved breath. "Thank you."
Jo let out a loud chortle, shaking her head. “Oh,
That topic stuck with him, though. It weighed down on his thoughts, insistent, and for the longest time, Dean couldn’t quite make his mind shut up about it; couldn't quite push the almost constant echo of Sam's words away. They bounced around inside his head repeatedly, and Dean found that he couldn't actually ignore them. His worry for Cas' well-being grew with every hour that passed, but now he had an idea forming in his head, one that he could not make himself push away.
He left Austin the next day, once his hangover finally let up and he felt well enough to drive, which only happened around mid-afternoon. He didn’t get too far, though, and ended up stopping in Amarillo later that same day, where he planned to stay for a little while—maybe a couple days, maybe more. His plans to go up to either Sioux Falls or Stillwater were long gone from his mind by then.
Finally, she seemed to snap out of it and shook her head. “Yeah, I... I’m just tired, mostly,” she said, but her tone sounded a little off, distracted, like there was something else on her mind. “You, though... You look perfectly fine.”
Dean shook his head, letting out a scoff, before he forced himself to open his eyes again, though he didn't quite manage to lean away from those hands. "That hardly makes me a saint, Cas."
Castiel took in a breath at that, silently apologizing to both Dean and the baby and hating that he had to do this, but once more he told himself that it was necessary. So as he kept that thought in the forefront of his mind, as he reminded himself of that fact as many times as he needed to, he rested both hands on the car's dashboard right before him, before carefully guiding his Grace to pour onto it, feeling it spread through his insides and stretch, tendrils moving out of his vessel as he requested.
Sam. You didn’t have to just sit there, doing absolutely
loved him at some point—well, he definitely couldn’t help them
So Dean hurried to fix that. He shifted even more, sitting up fully on the bed, which forced Cas to slide off of him. Then, he raised a hand, tucking his thumb and forefinger underneath the angel’s chin, giving it a small, gentle nudge.
even, and suddenly he’d found a way to fill it, to ease that awful ache that seemed to reach down to his very soul.
Eventually, Claire was the one to break the silence.
When he straightened back up, though, Dean had to pause and actually consider continuing, because maybe it would be more comfortable for Cas to sleep without the suit pants, but Dean really didn’t think he could do something about that. Swallowing thickly, Dean decided that maybe just taking off the angel's belt would do the trick, so he moved back to the side of the bed and leaned over Cas once more.
He jumped, spinning around in his chair to find Hannah sitting on a chair by the wall, watching him with an almost bored expression on her face, but Sam could be wrong about that. She had a book resting on her lap, a different one than Sam had seen her holding earlier.
Castiel simply shook his head, “You’ll see.”
He saw nothing once he reached the library, the loaded gun moving with his gaze as he looked for anything that might have made such a loud sound, but he couldn’t find anything out of the ordinary. He was pretty sure he would have been able to hear a pin dropping in the dead silence of the place, but that definitely wasn’t good. He knew from experience that if it was keeping quiet, it didn’t want to be found.
“Just don’t screw this up even more than you already have.”
Somehow, that only made Dean even more annoyed. Was Cas really not seeing the problem here? “And so did I, but I still let you help him. You had to give up some of the thing that’s keeping you alive and running out because
Before he could think too much about this, Dean was up on his feet, moving quickly around the room, gathering all his things and hastily shoving them into his duffel. When he was fairly certain that he’d gotten everything, he stepped over to the small table in the kitchen where they’d been doing their research, grabbing a Post-it note (the biggest kind he could find) and a pen.
“He had to leave,” Dean argued—quickly, without a beat of hesitation. “He didn’t have a choice.”
The door was pushed open soon after Castiel heard the sound of the Impala's engine growing quiet, and just as expected, Dean did not look calm at all. He still flashed a genuine smile at Cas once he was inside the cabin, though.
The food was pretty good, so it took a while for someone to fill the silence with something other than munching sounds.
“Do you wish to be alone?”
The case Sam and Charlie worked in this chapter is the same one from 10x16, "Paint It Black".
Instead, Jo raised an inquiring eyebrow at him. “How weird?”
Oh, well, so much for
Cain stopped him easily, holding him by his throat and all but strangling him. Dean tried to lessen the grip of the demon around his neck, but all he could do was slap his arm a few times as he did his best not to suffocate, his lungs burning by the sudden lack of oxygen they were receiving. He knew he must be growing red in the face, but all he could do was keep struggling against the Knight’s hold, although that was bringing him no result whatsoever.
Ten people. There were still
“You sure you gonna be okay, son?”
Castiel swallowed drily, pulling in a breath. He knew there was no running from it now. He had to talk about it, as much as he wished he didn’t, as much as he wished he could just
“Omaha?” Charlie nodded, “Yeah, he was really hurt about it, how Cas just walked out and cut him off. I told him not to give up on Cas, and then Dean just took off.”
“And if something goes wrong?” Sam asked, voice just as quiet and tentative, his words struggled, like it was taking him a tremendous amount of effort to do something as simple as speaking. “If that amulet doesn’t work, or you just can’t find Cas, or the Shadow finds you first? What if you can't cut out his Grace in the Empty? Or what if you just die as soon as you get there? Then what?”
Still, as annoyed as Dean may be about being so rudely woken up—and at such an
“According to Gabriel, Dean won’t make it past the fortieth week.”
One question was still bouncing around inside his head, though, the doubts that accompanied it growing more difficult to ignore with every minute that passed. Dread had settled in Dean’s gut since the moment he’d first realized Eldon was a Styne, and now it was just sitting there in his stomach, heavy and uncomfortable like a block of freaking lead.
But he was trying to be strong for Claire. He was also going through a lot, of course—he’d really loved Amelia, and Jimmy was his
“They still in Des Moines?” he asked as he finally resumed walking, and Cas fell in place by his side quickly as they continued to make their way to the Bunker’s kitchen.
Sam didn’t seem willing to listen, anyway. “You can’t keep this crap away from me, Dean! I’m your brother, your family, and we’re supposed to get through stuff like this together! But I can’t help you if you don’t tell me about these things!”
And now that he knew he was half
“Dean’s…” He swallowed, feeling his throat weirdly try, his tongue oddly heavy and unresponsive. But he had to say it, because somehow that felt like the only way to make his mind actually accept this, or to at least begin to process it at all.
The angel nodded again. "Precisely, yes."
“Do not apologize for not feeling well,” Cas’s voice was strong, almost reprimanding, “What are you feeling?”
Dean swallowed drily at that thought, but still forced himself to keep talking. Now that they knew about Cas, at least he could tell them that there was still hope, that there was still a chance that they might make it out of this place.
“Agent Rogers!” The sheriff, whom Dean had already talked to earlier that day, hurried to walk over to the two of them the moment he spotted them entering the front lawn, nodding his head at Dean and giving Cas an inquiring look, clearly waiting for an introduction.
And finally, someone pointed out to me in the comments that they couldn't find the fanart I mentioned easily, so I'm adding the links to them here. Sorry about that!<3
to go by Fergus, which is exactly why I make sure to call him by his
“Do you know where that came from?” Sam gestured over to Dean, and watched as Cas followed his gaze, but frowned in confusion, probably unsure about what the hunter was referring to. At the sight, Sam added, “That necklace?”
“Sorry for the terrible welcome back party,” Dean muttered as he sat back down onto the bed. “When did you get back from Oz, anyway?” He knew Sam had already told him that, but it was a good conversation starter, anyway.
“So,” Dean started after a pause, when he figured that silence had already stretched on for too long, “Your friends are weird.”
Cas must have sensed it, because soon enough he spoke again. “I do believe Crowley is right about one thing, however.”
“Under any other circumstances, you would be dead right now,” the man spoke, looking down at Dean, the superiority in his gaze clear. Dean hated it, and he wished he could have hit the guy a little more than he had. Apparently the few punches he’d gotten into him hadn’t been enough to fix the guy's attitude. “But I have to admit it: I’m officially interested in how you got that Mark on your arm. Something tells me you want to remove it, though, and that has everything to do with the Book of the Damned, doesn’t it? And this…” He held up the amulet, which he had probably fetched from the floor at some point while Dean was being manhandled. There was recognition in his gaze, and Dean immediately knew the man knew exactly what that amulet was for. “What an odd thing to wear. It makes me wonder whether or not there is an actual reason for it to be around your neck…” His eyes flitted down to Dean’s stomach and then back up to meet the hunter’s eyes, and the spark in them was suddenly even more obvious.
This suddenly changed
Cas had been able to so effortlessly deduce that the human would blame himself for all of it.
Dean looked up, turning his head and all but jumping out of his freaking skin when he found Cas standing there, right at his face. How the hell had he not noticed the angel moving?
Dean glanced down at his whiskey, then raised his hand without a word, silently offering the bottle to Castiel. He’d never seen Cas drinking anything stronger than beer, but the guy definitely looked like he could use some whiskey right now.
to convince Cas that the angel shouldn't feel guilty about this, so he absolutely
Dean shrugged, even though Cas couldn’t see him. “It’s kind of fun.” He looked over his shoulder to make sure Sam wasn’t anywhere near him, because seriously, that moose would never let him live it down if he heard Dean say he thought LARPing was fun.
Pushing that thought aside because again, there was nothing he could do about that now, he quickly decided that even if maybe he was clean, a shower could probably help him relax a little and maybe lessen the damn tension that still insistently clung to his muscles, so Dean crossed the hallway silently, walking back into their room to grab some clean clothes and a towel.
Dean had a chance to get some much-needed sleep, he definitely didn’t want to know about it.
And the only way to do that
“Gabriel gave us the green light, didn’t he?” he replied, eyes still closed as his breathing just refused to calm down. His heart was already racing and they hadn’t even done anything. For fuck’s sake, he wasn’t a nervous, hormonal teenager anymore, damn it. But then again, he
Letting out a resigned breath, Castiel shook his head. Of course that would be the only conclusion Sam would draw from those words, it was only rational. “No,” he replied lowly, “I know you…” Changing his mind about what he had been about to say, he let his voice trail off as he allowed his eyes roam over the room around them for a third time, but of course nothing about the scene had changed since the last time he’d done it—the mess by their feet and on the shelves, the dead man behind the checkout counter that he could see through the mirror on the wall—all of it spelled out a clear message to Castiel, so instead of continuing, of saying anything Sam was asking him to, he shook his head again. “We should get out of here.”
Sam shrugged once more, letting out a heavy breath. “Five, actually. We don’t know why he’s back and suddenly wants to be helpful. Dean doesn’t trust him, Cas doesn’t trust him, and I don’t either. But we’ll just have to… wait and see, I guess. I mean, the guy’s an archangel. The last time, it took all souls from Purgatory, Cas dying and the Leviathan getting loose to take one of them down.”
“Not really,” he replied, “But I should probably eat something.”
had changed. That was a train of thought that had been crossing the hunter's mind more and more often lately, especially because he still had no idea what else would be changing in him when Cas finally had his original Grace back, though he'd been trying not to dwell too much on that matter for now, because it normally freaked him out a bit whenever that particular train of thought crossed his mind. He never seemed to be able to ignore it for too long, though.
whatever the hell that meant.
His tone was rushed and pretty much desperate when he asked, “How's my brother?”
He hoped that would change once they were in the Bunker, that Cas wouldn’t look so grim anymore, but he had a feeling that wouldn’t happen. Sure, they would be safe there, or at least safer than they were here, anyway, but that was definitely not enough to fix all of their problems. Not even close to that, really.
They’d literally talked for like, thirty seconds, and then Sam cut off her head—and, well, that was that.
Also, we are getting pretty close to the scene I know you've all been waiting for... ;D
“Don’t follow me,” Dean let out, his voice rushed and a bit sharp. “I’m not taking off again. I just… I need some freaking air.”
Dean swiveled around, fixing Sam with a surprised, wide-eyed look, because seriously, where the hell had
Weakly, he shook his head. “No, Cas, I…” He swallowed again, hating just how struggled his voice came out, “I drank coffee. Like, more than once, these past few weeks. And I mean, could that, did it…?” He couldn’t even get the words out. Damn it, what if he…? But Cas had bought coffee, and he wouldn't have done it if it could be harmful in any way. Or maybe he didn't know. Maybe coffee could be harmful. What if it was? What if...?
That, however, was a lot easier said than done.
“See? She’s adorable,” the human commented.
Okay, this was definitely not the time for little Dean to start having ideas, but Dean really couldn’t help it—he’d been feeling particularly horny lately, and his and Cas’ latest dry spell definitely wasn’t helping with that.
him, she wouldn’t have done that. Maybe, after the dust settles and the pain from losing her mother gets… duller, maybe she’ll come around. She can’t be angry at you two forever.”
together—the single thought of it was already enough to rip another needy little whine right out of Dean's throat. But even if he didn't actually give in to that urge, in their current position, all the angel would need to do was lean forward a bit and he could—
Cas looked relieved at that word, but his muscles were still tense, like he was expecting Dean to jump on him and try to tear the Blade from his hand at any second. That was what the Mark was telling him to do, anyway, so Cas was right to be prepared.
He didn't like this. Dean had been awake for what, less than an hour this time? And while Sam didn't know how long exactly his brother had been awake for earlier, he was pretty sure that it couldn't have been much more than that. Dean didn't seem able to stay awake for long, and that certainly could not mean anything good; Sam was certain of it.
Another smile formed on her lips, but this time it was smaller, shier, not a sign of happiness at all. Her gaze still looked heavy, but it shifted again and Dean had no idea how to understand what he was seeing. There was suddenly a hint of something else in her eyes; something so close to sadness that he wasn’t sure how to process the change. “You value your family above anything else, don’t you, Dean?”
He focused all his energy on the crack, pouring as much of his Grace as he could into the bond, lingering over the weak spot without pressing against it, charging his power as much as he could to use it all at once, in one powerful blow against the Mark's barrier.
That wasn’t working out all that well for him, though.
The staring contest went on for almost a full minute until finally, Cas resented, just as he had done that night, lowering his hand and not looking even one ounce happy about doing it. But if it was indeed the Mark that was causing this, Cas probably couldn’t do much about it anyway, so why bother trying?
That whole speech was a lot more than Dean would have expected from Hannah right now, and while she seemed to be showing Cas another option—a hint of mercy, even—if the angel was honest with them, those words still set a weight over Dean's heart. They were final, like a death sentence, because in a way, that was exactly what they were. They could not take Hannah's offer and tell those angels the truth in order to have Cas' punishment reduced or revoked, because as Hannah had said herself, Heaven would kill the baby regardless of what happened here.
Yeah. Dean really wasn’t surprised to find out who was the one behind the cursed killer box who held the only way to read the Book of the Damned inside. Really not a surprise at all.
Don't worry! We'll be seeing Castiel's family again
Pain flared through his nerve endings, washing over his body in waves that flooded his insides with pure agony. It felt like fire, lava pouring into his very soul, filling up his body on the inside and burning him, melting his flesh right off his bones. He opened his mouth to scream, and yet no sound came out. He couldn’t see anything anymore, his entire world suddenly being limited to the empty darkness around him, the blackness of pure nothingness that trapped him in his own personal Hell.
memories, Cas! I’m feeling things I can’t even understand, and it’s freaking me out! Even Crowley noticed there was something off about me, so it would be great if you could fucking explain it to me!”
A crack. Whatever wall the Mark had been putting around Dean’s conscience, whatever barrier it had been using to keep him out of Dean’s mind; it had cracked, strength wavering around the human’s conscience, like the Mark’s grip lessening, weakening somehow.
And once he was inside, Dean found he’d been right—Cas was indeed asleep, nothing but a rumpled pile of blankets to be seen on the bed—well,
Still, it wasn’t long until Dean paid for their meal and they stood up from their booth, walking out of the diner silently.
Dean couldn't help it—he chuckled, a startled laugh that jumped right out of his mouth before he could stop it, and that only seemed to confuse the angel even more. The hunter was quick to shake his head as soon as he noticed it. "No! Cas, seriously, that's not it. Trust me. You were awesome. Like, really fucking awesome." Best sex of his freaking life did come to mind, but Dean chose not to say that one out loud. "You really didn't do anything wrong."
Also, if Dean was particularly unlucky, they might realize that while Jimmy’s body had been found, they’d never found Cas’, and
Sam swallowed again, hesitating for only a beat, before he sighed, his shoulders sagging a little. "I asked Charlie to check her list, the one with all the supposed Grace sites, to see if there was one here in Pontiac, because that might make our lives a lot easier."
It took a moment for the angel’s words to actually sink in. Dean blinked in surprise at them, before shaking his head almost vigorously. Cas had almost
All of a sudden, that beautiful heartbeat picked up a much faster pace, and Castiel glanced up at the man’s face, trying to figure out the reason for that abrupt change.
anything bothering him wouldn’t get him anywhere, so he decided to go with another strategy here—vaguely
There was something else, too. He could feel the tingling feeling again, the same one he had felt when he’d woken up back in Omaha, but it was different this time. It was pretty similar, but it wasn’t quite the same, he couldn’t explain it. It felt like there was a constant electric current running through his skin, but it wasn’t painful, just weird, like a never ending buzz of some sort that seemed to echo through his entire body.
Dean shrugged. "A lot better than I thought it would, honestly. I..." He looked away from Castiel again, dragging the tips of his fingers against his whiskey glass just to have something to do as he talked. "I wanted to find a hunter. Again, that was my plan when I left—find a hunter to kill me and be done with it, and I thought the best way to do that was to look for hunts, hoping I'd run into someone. But I didn't, and I ended up just... actually working the jobs, which was... weird. But it felt good... normal, even. It was... not really what I expected."
No, that heartbeat didn’t belong to him. It belonged to the man standing right in front of him.
Cas’ smile only widened at that. “Really, I find it extremely endearing.”
And it did. Afriel's Grace flowed out of the small glass container slowly, sliding through the air and right into Castiel's mouth, tickling his dry lips as it brushed past them. The new, unfamiliar Grace felt warm as it slid down his throat, and it hurt a bit, just as it had the two other times he'd done this, as though he'd taken a big sip of far too hot coffee that burned on the way down, but once the small cloud of angelic energy finally reached his chest and settled there, the pain stopped.
“I don’t want to fight with you about this, Cas,” Dean whispered, shaking his head. He almost felt proud of how calm his voice sounded, how collected. “Really, I don’t. I just… I can’t do this. I know I can’t. Even if I have to spend the entire night agonizing, curled up in a ball in my bed, I’m not doing it. I’m not shifting. That’s where I draw the line.”
“Nah,” Dean shrugged, sitting down onto the table, “They’ll be fine.” And he was really freaking hungry.
“I’m here,” the angel whispered back, moving quickly to remove the pair of jeans he'd put on earlier. He folded the discarded garment carefully and placed it on top of an empty nearby chair, before reaching a hand out so he could pull back the covers and lie down onto the bed right beside the waiting human. Dean instantly moved toward him, scooting over on the mattress, and Castiel wound his arms around the hunter, pulling the human against his chest and wrapping his wings around him. “I’m right here.”
Yeah, that sounded like Sam.
However, there were still countless places to visit, and as they passed through every single one of them, Castiel’s hope of finding his Grace dimmed considerably. A feeling of uneasiness seemed to have permanently settled inside his chest, and it only got stronger with every result they checked off the list, the fear that this search might not be the way they would find his Grace ringing loudly in his ears, echoing constantly inside his head. The truth was that he was not confident at all in this plan, but he knew he had to keep going; that he could not simply give up on it. He could not allow himself to lose hope, not when the lives of Dean and his unborn child were hanging in the balance.
a pleasant endeavor.”
Their search had one matching result, and the hunter couldn't help but curse under his breath at the sight of it.
And anyway, maybe there was no real reason for Dean to be freaking out so much about this, since he didn't even know if this truly was a permanent thing. Maybe there was a way to tuck the wings away, to make them disappear or something. And sure, even if there really was a way to do that, the hunter knew that they definitely shouldn't try to do it now, because something like that might end up hurting the nephilim—or
The silence that lingered inside the restaurant was a little loaded, and when a moment later Dean turned to look back at Cas, he found a heavy, troubled look in the angel’s eyes.
At some point, he'd considered trying to get his hands on some blood bags, figuring that should be enough to keep the monster inside of him at bay, because blood was blood, right? It shouldn't matter if it was fresh or not, should it? Sure, the beast would probably notice it and complain, would probably even fight him on it, but as long as that was enough to allow Castiel to stay in control of his own body, he figured he could deal with it.
On the screen they could see a list of town names, and beside each one were a few key words that were probably there so Charlie would know whatever crazy stuff had happened in each place, like a system to sort them out more easily.
Because now Sam was here, looking like the vein in his forehead was about to burst with how hard he was thinking about whatever it was that he’d come here to say, whatever he wanted to talk to Dean about, and there was just no way that Dean could simply run away from him now.
Damn it, Sam wasn’t supposed to have seen that, but he must have been the one that brought him here. So much for not having Sam worry about him.
Cas hesitated for a beat, which only made Dean even more anxious—enough that he actually sat up on the bed, much to the seraph’s alarm. Cas’ eyes widened as soon as he did it, and the hand he’d been running through the hunter’s hair only a moment prior moved quickly, coming to rest heavily on the hunter’s shoulder, trying to still him in place and stop him from moving any further.
“Cas, this is
him, sending Dean flying through the air across the room.
The calm expression in the archangel’s face as he spoke only made Castiel madder, and for a moment he actually considered throwing a punch. He had felt tired before, but now he knew he could hold his ground in a fight, and in that moment, all he wanted to do was hit Gabriel in the face. He clenched his fist as it tingled, his arm actually almost burning with the need he was feeling.
Whoever was out there was insistent, though, because the knocking picked up again a moment later. Damn it, Sammy…
It took three hours for him to want to pee.
His chest hurt with those words, as though each one of them was a small, sharp dagger being slowly pushed into his heart. The air around them was suffocating, the room suddenly too small, the weight on his shoulders far too heavy, so much that soon Dean found himself sighing as he laid back down against Cas, hoping the closeness and the heat of the angel's body pressed against his would help him; would calm him down somehow, but it did quite the opposite of that.
Dean howled, because
He wasn’t sure what was going on here, what was going on out there, but of one thing he was suddenly certain, one single fact all of a sudden crystal clear in his head, and he held onto it with every ounce of power he had.
Until finally, he let out a breath, glancing at Dean one last time as his shoulders sagged in defeat at this sides, and while he still looked pretty distrustful, even if he was clearly not happy about it, he still ended up nodding in the end.
Charlie shrugged. “I don’t know. Cas?” She turned to look at him, an expectant look in her eyes.
Sam followed his brother's lead and focused back on his food, and with that particular conversation still looming heavily over their heads, the two finished their meals. They didn't speak much, though, and very soon Sam was leaving the room, carrying all the dirty dishes piled up on the tray, leaving Dean alone with Cas and Juliet once more.
Dean snapped his head to the side, surprised at the sudden rise of his brother’s voice. He opened his mouth to say something, but he couldn’t find a good response to that, so he closed it shut a moment later.
The feel of Cas’ skin under his hands was fresh in his mind, warm and covering strong, firm muscles that moved with precision under his palms. It had been different to see Cas without, well,
Now, though, he could actually
Oh, well, it seemed his morning sickness wasn’t completely gone.
make it worse, right? *nervous laugh* *fades into the mist*
Nothing happened for a long time. They were silent for what must have minutes, really, until Cas finally seemed to take pity on him.
The shake of head that Dean got in response actually hurt. “We don’t know. The Book… it’s written in a language I can’t even identify or decipher. Charlie and Sam have been attempting to translate it as well. However, none of us have been successful so far.”
pain from before was completely gone now, but his body still felt sore and achy all over, and for what must have been minutes, Dean simply lay there, trying to even his breathing and slow down his frantically beating heart.
It burned going down, but it burned less than the Mark and it brought on an instantaneous feeling of warmness, strong and very much pleasant, which quickly washed over Dean’s entire body, and he felt extremely glad for it. He could still think clearly, though, which meant that the chanting from the Mark was still there, loud and clear inside his head, and that was so not the point of all this, so he hurried to correct that, filling the glass with another shot of whiskey and downing it just as fast as he had the first one.
But for some reason, he didn’t
about that.
“And you’re… well, more durable, I guess you could say,” Rowena added.
The Apocalypse, the war against Raphael, Purgatory, the Tablets, the
Dean forced himself to rise to his feet, the movement quick and abrupt, and the woman jumped in surprise, startled. Closing his eyes and forcing himself to keep breathing through his mouth, Dean stumbled away from her, unsteadily stepping toward the door, but the beast inside of him had gone without blood for six days now, and it wasn’t going to be quiet about it anymore, not when there was a perfectly healthy donor right in front of him.
wrote that on Lawrence High Secrets. Word by word. And that’s not all, either. They wrote an entire list of comparisons, one more creative than the other. They might as well have written you a poem, really.”
that it wasn’t happening wasn’t a viable option.
She didn’t seem able to finish that, but Dean still understood what she wanted to say.
Yeah, they’d saved the world—Dean definitely hadn’t forgotten about that, because how the hell could he? No, he was pretty freaking glad that they’d actually done it in the end, that they’d
But of course, he chose not to share that thought out loud either. Again, he really didn’t want to start an argument right now.
As soon as Dean walked into the small room, though, the older man’s eyes moved away from whatever those papers were, and quickly the hand that wasn’t holding the pen reached for the landline phone, lifting it in a silent offer.
“Of course,” Cas continued before the hunter could say anything, “Maybe Gabriel could also do it, but he hasn’t exactly been easy to reach as of late, so I chose to go with our second best bet.”
Which was the
Also, even if the words he'd been about to say hadn't actually made it out of his mouth, Dean still found himself glancing over at the door that led to the rest of the apartment.
Juliet would grow on him very quickly, Dean was certain of it.
Cas nodded. “His morning sickness was quite insistent, but it’s lessened quite reasonably now.”
Charlie tilted her head a little to the side, and she seemed to be thinking about the matter for a moment, even though she was obviously putting up a bit of a show. “I haven’t decided yet,” she admitted, smiling a little, a clear joking tone coating her words as she added, “But I think this is a pretty good start.”
Which created the perfect opportunity for a vengeful hybrid to kidnap everyone who’d ever meant something to Cas. They’d taken all the Novaks—minus Naomi and Samandriel—along with Kelly, Hannah and Bartholomew, from the safety of their homes, all on the same night.
“An embryo with two Y chromosomes would not be able to develop. There's no way to form a healthy human body with that combination, so there's no way for a pregnancy to even take place. If that combination happens, then conception cannot even be considered successful, as the result would be something that cannot form a viable living being and most likely ends up discarded. So the fact that you’re pregnant at all means that did not happen. So as a result, we have a 2/3 chance of a boy and 1/3 of a girl.”
"What's happening?" Sam asked once he realized that Cas seemed to have regained his bearings, the human's eyes wide with his panic.
Gabriel, but Dean chose not to bring
A heavy frown formed in John’s brows. The look in his eyes was… measuring, calculating, holding what looked like a silent accusation.
Pushing those thoughts away for now and forcing himself to focus, Dean closed door of the room, as well as the curtains that covered the small window that allowed people to look into the room from out in the hallway in order to give Cas some privacy, lingering by the door as he watched the angel walk over to the bed, examining Sam with careful eyes. He seemed hesitant, which sent a wave of ice-cold dread washing over Dean’s insides. What if Cas wasn’t strong enough to do this? What then?
“You okay there, champ?”
He made a small pause, then added, “I woke them up—all of them. All the angels, demons, monsters and human souls that are stuck in the Empty. So the Shadow… it’s been busy, trying to put them back to sleep, but there are just too many of them. I believe it’s going to take a while until things are truly quiet over there again.”
Dean heard Cas' voice inside his head, and he gave the angel a light nod in response.
he saw just didn’t make any
The ghost nodded lightly. "It's not... easy at all for me yet, but I do believe I might be beginning to understand how it works, at least a little bit."
Cas shook his head, taking a few steps into the kitchen. He took one inquiring look at the plates Dean had been scrubbing clean before turning his gaze back up to meet Dean’s. “I did fall asleep, but then I woke up and you were not there.” The ‘So I came looking for you’ was only implied, but Dean still heard it clearly, as if Cas had said it out loud. “What are you doing?”
Cas was
Cas simply nodded lightly in response, but said nothing else, instead simply nuzzling a bit more into the crook of the hunter's neck and making himself even more comfortable against the human. One of the seraph's hands found its way to Dean's belly, snaking under the human's shirt so that it could resting on the hunter's stomach, right over the bump, thumb caressing the skin there lightly, tenderly, and Dean couldn't help but smile once he felt it. He knew that if the bond wasn't so weird and numb, it would probably be buzzing happily right now, just like it normally did whenever they were this close and content. He really missed that feeling now.
, please check the end notes.
now. So tonight I was kind of dreading to go home and just... hang out alone and without him around.”
If possible, Crowley’s smirk got even wider at that. “Well, a little birdie tells me that they might be in the same location.”
He didn’t realize he was crying until he looked back up at Cas and found that his vision was way too blurry and unfocused for him to really see anything clearly. The hunter blinked a few times, trying to get rid of all the tears, and the moment he was finally able to see the look on Cas’ face—all the hurt he could see in the angel’s eyes, the wariness, the
This wasn’t exactly ideal—it was pretty damn far from ideal, actually—but Dean would take what he could get. He knew Cas was still upset, knew that the angel’s head was still filled with fears and insecurities, knew that Claire’s words would probably still haunt the angel’s thoughts for a long time, but Dean did his best not to think about any of that. Instead, he allowed himself to relax and simply enjoy that moment, taking comfort in the feeling of Cas wrapped around him, of the angel’s hand resting right over the baby bump, delivering soft, loving caresses to his skin. And maybe Cas would take comfort from this, too—maybe, in some way, Dean was helping Cas too, just by being here with him, by holding him close and letting him know that he was good, that he was wanted and loved.
The problem was that he
But as much as Dean wanted to stay like that, to take comfort in Cas’ warmth for just a little longer as his mind actually registered he was back in the real world, or as curious as he was to know what the angel himself had gone through and how he had broken out of his own trance, he knew they couldn’t stay there too long. Sam might still be stuck in his own head, and they had to get to him before it was too late.
