Sherlock made a noise of displeasure and reluctantly released John. He watched John get dressed and set out a supper of dried meat, chestnuts, and ale. Sherlock got dressed slowly and propped himself against the wall. John lit a candle and placed it on the small table. He pulled his chair up next to the bed and sat with Sherlock while they ate. After they were finished, John washed up and made sure the house was tidy. He also checked the fire, making sure it was out.
Sherlock tugged on John's sleeve. "That castle was cold and hard." Sherlock's voice became earnest. "Your home is like you. Warm. Welcoming. Solid. Efficient. It's
." John couldn't hold back anymore. He surged forward, grabbing Sherlock and pulling him down. He crushed his mouth against Sherlock's and wrapped his arms around him tightly. Sherlock was laughing against John's mouth, but his body responded immediately. One of Sherlock's hands landed on the back of John's head. The other grabbed a firm handful of John's ass.
Sherlock pushed the coverlet off and slowly turned himself so that his legs came down off John's bed. He was still in his nightshirt, but he had left his stockings on for warmth. John handed him his right boot. Sherlock put it on, then picked up his cloak and put it over his shoulders. John laid the crutches on the bed next to Sherlock and went to put his own cloak on. Sherlock finished tying his cloak and looked up at John.
Sherlock's eyes widened. His mouth fell open with a whimper. John began to unbutton Sherlock's jeans.
. I've never felt like this before. I..." Sherlock paused and closed his eyes for a moment, searching for the courage to say it. He took a deep breath and looked into John's eyes again. "I think I... love you. And I don't know what to do." There it was. The truth. Sherlock leaned down, put his forehead against John's, and closed his eyes.
John put his fork down and spoke quietly. "Look, Sherlock, you have to understand. That hospital lives on gossip. The rumor mill is relentless."
Sherlock pulled back. "All right. Up we get." He grabbed hold of the bench behind him and began to push his way back onto it. John grabbed him, steadying him and pushing him upward until he landed back on the bench.
Sherlock lifted his head, pushed off of the car, and stood up straight. His expression was hard. "Why are you here, John?"
John looked down at his boots. "No, I have no family left. We fell ill with a terrible fever. Over half the village was lost to it. I was the only one in my family to survive."
Sherlock looked down, grinning sheepishly. "It's nothing. My brother's the one with the gift for languages."
Sherlock pulled himself up straighter on the couch. He closed the button John had pulled open. John sat back farther, trying to catch his breath. He closed his eyes, struggling with the urge to shove Sherlock down onto the couch and finish what they had started.
Sherlock briefly opened his eyes as John cleaned him up. He moaned quietly. "You've killed me, John. I've never come so hard in my life."
." He put his hands out against the wall, suddenly concerned about his ability to stay on his feet. Sherlock ran his hands over John's hips, thighs, and belly. Everywhere except where John
The remaining empty seats around John filled up over the next few minutes. It looked like all of the musicians were on stage now, except for Sherlock and Lestrade. The lights dimmed.
"No, John, I was so thankful you weren't anywhere near those guards!" Sherlock leaned a tiny bit closer to John. "
"I hope so. But I need to make sure you're not just... swept up in the heat of the moment. I want you to be able to think it through clearly."
Sherlock pulled back so he could see John's face. He moved his hands down, stroking John's neck and collarbone and clutching at the front of his jumper again. "John... I want you."
John stood frozen, afraid to move or speak, watching Sherlock. Sherlock returned his gaze for a few seconds before backing up and taking hold of the door.
John walked slowly toward the couch, looking at the records as he went. Sherlock's collection was varied and extensive. He saw classical recordings, Motown, and Broadway as he passed the shelves.
Sherlock immediately held his hand out. John took it and put it in front of Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's eyes widened.
Sherlock ate the bread and drank the ale while he was still upright. Then he settled back into bed for a nap.
John broke away from Sherlock's mouth to drag a line of kisses across his jaw and down the length of his neck. He growled and rolled his hips against Sherlock's. Sherlock dropped his head back and moaned. "Ohhhh...
John looked away, sighed, and rubbed his hand over his face. After a moment he turned back to Sherlock. "Let's make a signal, my dearest."
"Thank you, Sherlock. I'm sure I'll like it." He looked up at him. "You know, I haven't had a chance to hear Ma Rainey before. I'd like to listen to that one sometime."
He kissed Sherlock lightly, took his hand, and led him into the kitchen. He picked up his spatula and checked the pork chops in the pan. Nearly done. He set the spatula down, turned back toward Sherlock, and leaned against the counter. "How was rehearsal today?"
Sherlock gasp at the contact. His arousal surged, and he pressed in harder. Sherlock's grip tightened in John's hair.
John closed his eyes and sagged. Sherlock let his eyes close as well. More hours passed. Sherlock opened his eyes. He looked out over the water. He sat up straighter. Land. Sherlock could see the port ahead. Thank God. The trip was almost over.
"I don't know. All I know is that you are the most remarkable man I've ever met. Please don't leave. There has to be another way."
Sherlock lifted his head enough to make eye contact. “Fourth wonder of the underworld.” He wiped his thumb over his full, pink lower lip. “If you want to be precise.”
"Of course. In... my former profession... it was necessary to be able to communicate in several languages."
Sherlock gave him a relieved smile. "Yes, John." He kissed John's mouth. "Yes." He stood up unsteadily and held out his hand. John took it and let Sherlock pull him to his feet. John kept hold of Sherlock's hand and led him to the bedroom. He threw the bedspread and sheet back. Sherlock sat down on John's bed.
He looked up. Sherlock's eyes were wide with shock and concern. "John, I'm so sorry, I never should have asked."
Sherlock paced rapidly through the sitting room, his dressing gown swirling behind him. Lestrade's offhand comment had left him deeply shaken. Sherlock's mind replayed it over and over. "Well, John won't live at Baker Street indefinitely. He'll eventually meet someone and get married, I expect."
John helped Sherlock get out of the wagon. He turned to Mike. "Thank you, Mike. We couldn't have done this without you."
They didn't move for several minutes. Then John pushed himself up. He kissed Sherlock and tried to get out of the bed. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him tightly, holding him down.
John moved higher. As he reached the inside of Sherlock's hip, he could feel Sherlock trembling with anticipation.
Sherlock brought his clean hand up and pushed his own hair back from his face. His eyes were closed as he tried to catch his breath. "Love you," he said softly.
They sat at a small table next to the window. When John ordered iced tea to drink, Sherlock's face scrunched up in disgust. Sherlock ordered a Coke. As the waiter walked away, John asked, "What was that face about?"
John pushed off the counter. He went to his bedroom, shed his clothes and got into his bed in just his briefs.
Sherlock hadn't been able to see the house in the dark. Now that the sun was up, he could see that Mike's house was much like John's. As they approached the door, Mike opened it. "Come in, come in! It's an honour to meet you, sir."
John smiled warmly. "I was hoping you'd ask." He looked around quickly to make sure they were alone before pulling Sherlock into a heated kiss.
"Hello, John." Sherlock was wearing a dove gray three-piece suit without a tie, his shirt open at his throat. He was shockingly gorgeous.
Sherlock had decided he was done with talking for the moment. He pulled John's body tightly against his and kissed him thoroughly. He dragged his mouth away from John's so he could lick and nip at John's neck. He could feel John's erection against his hip.
The streets of the village were crowded. John made his way through them to find a merchant who could sell him a horse and wagon. Sherlock stayed out of the way as much as possible, keeping his hood up and avoiding eye contact with anyone but John.
John put some stew in a bowl and finally turned around. Sherlock was in John's bed, propped up against the wall with his legs under the coverlet. His clothes were folded on top of his pack. John gave him the stew.
Lestrade left the stage, and the house lights came up. Sherlock looked at John again before leaving the stage. John went out to the lobby to stretch his legs, but was back in his seat when Sherlock returned.
Pleasure surged through every cell in John's body. He arched against the window, crying out uncontrollably. "Oh, Sh-Sherlock, oh, God,
You're already late. What's a few more minutes?" Sherlock focused his attention on John's ear, nipping at the lobe.
Most of the musicians were already on the stage, making their final preparations for the concert. John looked around, but he didn't see Sherlock.
Searing anger surged through John. He breathed deliberately slowly and stayed silent to allow Sherlock to go on.
” he insisted, and his tone brooked no argument. “I refuse to consider it. She’s staying put until we are safely back in London, and not a minute before. She’s waited four extra days, she can wait another two. Oh, damn,” he cursed, and reached over to steal a forkful of John’s pasta. John let out an indignant noise and pulled his plate closer, frowning.
Sherlock winced as his back throbbed, and he managed to drift off to sleep in the middle of the afternoon.
He managed to stand up on his own - a feat, these days. His sleep shorts gave up and rolled over beneath the curve of his belly as he pulled them up, and his shirt was barely hanging on. He brushed his teeth, standing half-sideways to be able to bend over and spit in the sink, and then went back into the bedroom. “Get up,” he said to the already-snoring lump on the other side of the bed. “We’re going to go for a walk.”
John looked at Sherlock quizzically. "Well," he said slowly, "I don't make a habit of lying, and I've been told I'm a pretty obvious liar, so I guess if you can't tell I'm lying you can assume that I'm telling the truth. Sorry to be an anomaly."
Another hard contraction and Sherlock was pushing before he knew what he was doing. The need to bear down was too intense to ignore, and he perched on the balls of his feet in a deep squat, groaning loudly as he bore down. He rounded his back and shoved, every inch of his body tense and working to expel.
Somewhat unconventionally, they’d decided to have a dinner with friends for their first anniversary. There were a number of factors playing into this decision - one, they almost always ate dinner together as a couple, so dining out as a couple was hardly a special change - and that’s the reason they
A few fragments of sentences drift in from the one-sided conversation Mycroft is holding in the next room.
Sherlock was breathless and pink and fuzzy around the edges when John climbed up to lie next to him. Still, he gathered his wits and rolled onto his side, pulling John in for a hard kiss, his hand at the nape of John’s neck. “Now you,” he said, and John saw a gleam in Sherlock’s eyes as he rolled back onto his back. “Up,” he commanded, tugging at John until he was up on his knees.
John cried when Sherlock told him. He gathered him up in shaking arms and pressed kisses to his cheeks and chin and jaw and neck, and Sherlock felt warm tears left in the wake of John’s lips. “You’re going to be amazing,” he breathed, with his fist curled up in Sherlock’s shirt just beside his shoulder.
“Why, to fill you up even more, beautiful,” John replied, dropping a kiss to that taut skin before rising and moving to the fridge. His eyes flickered back to Sherlock as if evaluating his capacity, and he pulled out a covered dish. “I’m going to put this in the oven for you, and in the meantime, I’ll give you a little something to drink,” he said, putting the pan in the oven to heat up. A few minutes later, he returned to Sherlock with a tall glass and a straw. “Dessert,” he pronounced, popping the straw in and handing it to Sherlock. “Then some lasagna for you; you know it’s always better re-heated.”
“Hah, ah,” Sherlock gasped, grasping the headboard with his free hand to steady himself. John’s strong arm on his back, and the other hand now on his hip, moving him rhythmically, held him steady and close, picking up where Sherlock’s body had given up. “Ah, hah, John.”
An hour later, Sherlock had delivered his placenta and had gotten a clean bill of health from the nurses who’d attended to him. Joanna passed all her exams with a perfect score, and she had fallen asleep soon after John clumsily applied his first-ever nappy. She was resting in Sherlock’s arms, but Sherlock too was nearing sleep, bone-tired from delivery. “Take her,” he yawned, shifting the baby toward John with inexperienced hands. “Careful. Support -“
She had suffocated inside her father without ever drawing a single breath. This part, John does not say. Sherlock can spin the story himself.
“Oh, trust me, I am well aware. Practically the instant that happened, these started to prickle.” He lifted his shirt the rest of the way to expose two puffy, filling breasts with darkening areolas. They were big enough now that they had a distinctive curve to them, resting just slightly on the top of Sherlock’s bump. “Feels like I’m being electrocuted very, very lovingly.”
“I mean, we couldn’t have known that she would decide to come on Christmas,” Sherlock argued. “She could just as easily have waited until we were back in London, but clearly she had other plans.”
The calf recovered quicker than John thought he would. He bounded to the front of the pen the next morning, the only sign of his trauma in the singed hairs and browned scabs on his head. Within a week, the scabs had fallen off, and by the time Gladstone reached three months of age, the scars had healed over and no sign that the bull had ever had horns could be found.
“Gestation length for servals is seventy-four days,” Sherlock informed John one morning, tearing into his bacon sandwich.
The silence is broken by a soft moan of pain. It isn't loud—John wouldn’t expect it to be—but it’s enough to give him the moment’s advance warning to steel himself.
than he is, for this tiny being. Exaggerated promises flit through his head like pages in a book: softening the edges of everything that might hurt her, holding the world to the highest standard so that it might be worthy of her, pulling down the stars so that she could look at them more closely as she fell asleep, dedicating every remaining heartbeat in his sorry excuse for a body to defending her. Sherlock is overcome. Sherlock
"You're very warm. A more effective heater than the one in the stall, anyway," John commented, but Sherlock stiffened in his arms and John drew back.
He felt her moving inside him, felt her head spreading him open and the thickness of the rest of her body stretching him. He felt the burning of his body stretching wide to allow her to pass, and squeezed his eyes shut so hard that tears leaked out the corners. At the end of a long, hard push that left Sherlock gasping for breath, he felt her head stretch him so wide he thought he’d surely tear open and then he felt it slide out, felt the warmth of her head as it brushed his thigh, and he choked at the feeling of it.
One day, he lies down on the sofa naked from the waist up. John doesn’t quit tidying the kitchen and tries not to look at him. If Sherlock wants him to notice, he’ll say something.
Sherlock had almost forgotten about their holiday trip until he turned the wall calendar to December and saw the three days he’d blocked off - Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and Boxing Day. They had tickets booked for the train ride to and from their rented cottage in Wareham, and a receipt for the rental itself, which they’d booked more than a year in advance.
“Oh! Thanks, daddy,” Soren said, grabbing the piece and putting it in place. He looked up at Sherlock and beamed. The Omega smiled back and leant down a little to ruffle Soren’s curls, then let out a little sigh and made his way to the couch.
He grows remarkably fast. By John’s estimates, they have another eight and a half weeks or so to prepare, but it’s hard to tell exactly how things are going to work because, as one might imagine, the amount of research done on human/serval reproduction is roughly equivalent to zero.
“That’s my girl,” he crooned, heart full of love and pride as she nursed from him. She drank for several minutes, making quiet grunts. Sherlock had forgotten how much he loved this, with Cara - there was nothing he loved more than nursing a baby. He felt tears well up in his eyes and let them fall. “That’s my girl.”
"That's a good boy, Victor," John heard Sherlock murmur, and shook his head. This man was an enigma if he'd ever met one.
And even though that's what it was - Sherlock's baby, not John's, John was starting to love it anyhow. It was half his bondmate, and regardless of parentage, he'd be the baby's other father. He loved being able to touch Sherlock, not only to feel as the baby kicked but whenever he felt like it. Because Sherlock was his, now, and he himself belonged to Sherlock in turn.
The touch brought a light shiver to the surface of Sherlock’s skin, making it pull a little tighter around the bulge of his stomach. “Oooh,” he breathed, a delicate edge of pain creeping in with the sensation. All he could do was nod and take another sip.
Behind him, John was in awe. He’d watched in the mirror as Sherlock’s body, powerful beyond measure, delivered their first child and brought Sherlock to orgasm simultaneously. Now, their child was squalling in Sherlock’s arms, purple and slick with dark hair and puffy cheeks. She -
John sat beside him and held his hand while they navigated to the hospital. Sherlock endured three more contractions en route, bravely staying as quiet as he could while in the cab. He breathed slowly and deeply through each long pain, gripping John’s hand so tight the bones shifted. John could tell Sherlock’s composure was fading as they pulled up to the hospital doors. Sherlock looked across at John, vaguely panicked. “We’re having a baby,” he said, and John offered him a wild grin.
He sees five patients. He suspects that the receptionist is diverting most of them to other doctors, but can’t bring himself to complain. Smiling at children with strep infections and shy teenagers with concerns about their cycles is straining, but not enough to make John want to go home. The very air there feels heavy. Out here, it’s just him and what’s on his shoulders, no one else’s.
hurts,” he panted at the end of a hard contraction, his thighs shaking so hard in the squat that he was worried he might fall over.
John goes into the men's room and splashes cold water onto his face. It doesn't make him look much less haggard, but he doesn't think anything could.
“Why don’t we see if we can get Alice to try again?” Sherlock suggested, bending down to pick up the green-collared kitten. The young cat purred and rubbed her head against Sherlock’s jaw.
Weeks passed, and Sherlock's stomach swelled, and swelled, and swelled, until he finally gave up his few measly morning chores to John. It was all he could do to heave himself out of bed in the morning, as his baby grew and sapped his energy. His belly hung full and round, sticking out the bottom of the few remaining shirts he could pull on. His breasts were tender, too, small but full and pert. He felt more comfortable when wearing a bra, now, even though at first the feeling was unfamiliar and strange.
The hand on his cock dragged exquisite pleasure from deep in Sherlock’s body, and with the goading of John’s fingers from inside, Sherlock was wracked with climax within minutes. He shook apart under John’s hands, legs jerking and hips trembling as nerves sparked all the way up his spine.
Sherlock yowled again and turned to face John, butting his face against John’s hand and then walking past him, rubbing his neck and shoulders and back against John’s palm. He stopped when John’s hand rested on his loin, above the dramatic curve of his belly where their kittens waited to be born. John stroked a hand down his distended side, scratching the tight skin softly, and Sherlock purred. It was time.
Sherlock was just a little bit breathless and he tugged on John’s hand to slow down. “Thirty-five weeks’ worth of baby is a bit much to lug around at a quick pace,” he huffed, walking slowly until he’d caught his breath.
As if proving a point, Sherlock kisses him again. His teeth scrape over John's lower lip as he invades his mouth, and his hands are tight and unforgiving at John's shoulders. He presses the full length of his body against John's—and that, honestly, is the last thing John can take.
” Sherlock said irritably, hauling himself up to stand with a grunt and starting another lap of the sitting room. “I don’t have any idea how it’s supposed to feel, I feel tired and in pain and like the contractions are going to shove her out or pop me open, one of the two. They weren’t bad at first, but the last few have felt like knives trying to pop a balloon. Sharp.”
As a serval, Sherlock seemed much more comfortable. His belly was as big and full with kittens as it had been in his human form, but this body was much more equipped to handle the strain than his other. The kittens had more room to grow and move, and Sherlock’s movements were much more fluid and easy than they had been for weeks. John wished that Sherlock had changed sooner, but he was also thankful he’d had his mate for as long as he had.
John’s eyes narrowed a little more and he stared at Sherlock. “Fine,” he said at last, clearly still suspicious. “You had better not go into labor.”
"John, check the rain gauge." Sherlock gestured to the doorframe and pulled a loaf of bread and cold cuts from the refrigerator. John rose with a huff and walked over to the door. Was this what it was going to be like, with conversations ending just because Sherlock didn't want to talk anymore?
He grabs a towel and beats at the flames. From behind him, Sherlock lunges forward with a snarl and seizes his arm. John pushes him back.
Uneven support, then. Worse almost than an ill-fitting corset, as far as Sherlock was concerned. Not having the full support the whole way up his spine meant that his lumbar region had to take the brunt of his weight, which would give him a fierce backache almost instantly. “Delightful,” he groused, pulling his shirt back on and buttoning it. He enlisted his mate’s help in getting back into his trousers and vest, doing his best to ignore how much worse they fit than they had just a few hours ago, before the apparent growth spurt and corset adjustment. “I want to be home where I can get out of these things and be in comfort,” he said, fussing with a button that wouldn’t do up on his vest.
“Sorry. I just keep forgetting you’re overdue, and then you remind me, and then it’s a new fresh wave of panic worrying about when you might go into labor. It’s not as though it’s an
Sherlock seemed to get a second wind after the baby's head was out, redoubling his efforts to birth his child and pushing even harder than he had before. He wailed throatily and writhed as the baby's shoulders began to emerge, almost impossibly wide behind a head that had seemed so massive itself. John could only murmur words of encouragement, often not audible over the crash of thunder and Sherlock's own cries.
"They tried," John says. His voice is hoarse from grief and disuse. "They tried, but she'd just lost too much oxygen."
He cut a small bite with his fork and forced himself to chew and swallow. He ate with one hand, leaving the other on his huge belly, rubbing the crest of it in a desperate attempt to ease the ache. It was fruitless, and every bite of food only made it worse. Still - John had a bite, so Sherlock had another. They were both breathing shallowly when the last bite of cake passed their lips, leaving just their half-full glasses of water to finish.
“So do I,” John agreed, hooking an arm under Sherlock’s shoulder blade and holding him there as he started to move. They both found the rhythm that they needed. John pushed in and rocked Sherlock’s body forward, and Sherlock pushed back, taking John deeper, as deep as he could, feeling so full of
“It’s starting to settle a bit, love,” John remarked as he scraped the plate clean and gave the fork to Sherlock to hold. “How’re you feeling?”
than Angelo’s, I suppose,” he said, humming. “Perhaps it’s late pregnancy and cravings talking. But it’s very good nevertheless, and I want to try whatever it is you’re having when we come back tomorrow. No, I don’t want it
"I have a box stall prepared in the barn. There's electricity, a space heater, a bed and spare blankets. You would've slept there last night, but for the lateness of the hour at which you arrived and the inclement weather." Sherlock paused, looking John up and down. "Is that okay?"
“I didn’t, either,” John admitted, smoothing his hand down the rumpled, sweaty back of Sherlock’s t-shirt. “So close to being done, though. In a few hours we’ll meet Joanna. Our Joanna Grace.”
“Sweet girl,” Sherlock murmured, dipping his hand in the water and cleaning off a streak of blood from her head. “Hello, my darling. It’s so good to meet you, at last.”
The hollow pain in John's chest melts into something more fond. Greg Lestrade, he's realizing, is really a first-class friend. Probably the best friend he's got.
Sherlock allowed himself one deep breath, staring at the ceiling for a moment. The worst was nearly over, their child nearly here. The pain came before he was ready but he gathered his strength and his wits and with tears in his eyes and a cry in his throat, he pushed again.
He can’t remember how long they stood there, laughing and kissing and feeling the swimmy movements in Sherlock’s stomach as their daughter stirred in sympathetic joy.
He remembers what this had been like, the day it happened. How he’d stood at the side of the grave—the tiny, tiny grave—and had done his best to ignore what was going on as his soul rent itself apart over his loss. This time, he sinks to his knees at her graveside and apologizes. John kneels next to him and holds him close, and dries Sherlock’s tears when they subside.
“Yes, that’s what I meant,” he sighed, pulling his shirt off inelegantly and tossing it toward the foot of the bed. “You have no sense of subtlety whatsoever.” He set to work on his trousers next, though he required John’s aid to fully escape their entrapment.
The man following him was a wounded army veteran who, instead of retiring on disability after his injury, had uprooted himself and travelled across Scotland and for god-knows-what reason had found Sherlock's advertisement and decided that it was a fitting job. Sherlock picked up his pace and John followed unfailingy, his breathing never quickening and his pace never faltering even over rough, uncertain terrain.
But his due date came and went, and with each day that went by, Sherlock grew more and more uncomfortable. "I need it out of me," he sighed, after his waddle became so heavy and pronounced that he could hardly walk across the living room.
Sherlock picked his up and took a small sip. He winced. Every bite made the pain in his stomach more severe as he filled his stuffed stomach even more. He prodded it gently with two fingers as he took another sip. “It’s rock hard,” he said in awe.
John smells the smoke before he sees it, seeping from upstairs and dissipating into a fine gray cloud permeating the flat. As soon as it registers, he is springing into action, bounding up the stairs and throwing open the door.
Moments later - “Ooh - oh, ooh, stop,” Sherlock gasped, and John stopped. Sherlock’s thighs were spread wide and he rocked his hips a little as sharp spines of discomfort stabbed at his guts, which were filled unfamiliarly. John rubbed soothingly and some of the pressure dissipated, his body adjusting. He took a few shallow breaths and looked down at his belly.
“I’m not much of one for walking, at the moment, but I’ll do my level best,” Sherlock said. The idea of taking a trip was an intriguing one, at least. “Am I to assume you’ve already booked said cottage?”
John withdraws and goes off to bed. He holds out hope for some time that Sherlock is just lagging, that he would be along eventually. He falls asleep still waiting.
Sherlock rolls onto his back again. He’s looking at the ceiling, not at John, but it’s a start. John’s eyes fall down to the heavily bound swells over his chest, and his own chest throbs in sympathy.
John almost forgot there were more kittens to come. Sherlock got up from his position and started moving around again, licking his vulva and curling up and straining once more. Within a quarter hour John saw their second kitten’s head crown, followed almost immediately by the rest of its wet body. Like its older sibling, this kitten was stumbling and mewling around the box, bumping into Sherlock’s legs and its older sibling blindly as Sherlock licked it clean and severed the cord.
“Miraculously, yes,” Sherlock said thinly, handing the reins to the stable hand who had appeared out of the house. “Help me out. I had - an accident.”
“I’m tired,” Sherlock announced once they arrived back to the cottage. “And my feet are roughly the size of Brighton.”
“Open enough,” Sherlock said, and John got the message. He withdrew his fingers and moved up the bed. He stroked his prick a few times, transferring the natural lubricant onto it before aligning himself and pushing in. Sherlock shuddered and arched his back, encouraging John in further, further.
He'd find some way to rationalise his feelings. His body's hormonal nature, his mind's unwitting choice. And when he did, John would understand.
“I’ll help you, love,” John said, taking Sherlock’s arms and helping him stand. Sherlock made a noise of discomfort and shifted his weight from foot to foot, a move John recognized as the pressure of their daughter’s descent making Sherlock’s nerves smart and his bones ache. “C’mon, into the shower. It’ll help.”
At last, at last, the top shoulder protruded, and John could slide a finger beneath the baby's arm and pull along with his labouring mate. "Almost, Sherlock, give me one more big push, good, oh god, there it…here it comes, Sherlock!" John got his other hand down just in time to catch the baby's body as it slid free, wet and bloody and really quite small for as much work as it was to deliver it.
The pace was harsh and rough, neither of them mindful of the baby in Sherlock's belly beyond the haziest awareness of its presence. This was bonding sex, both parties drowning in pheromones and brains screaming to fertilize, to conceive, regardless of the foetus already growing in Sherlock's womb. The sharp slap of flesh on flesh and their breaths sawing in and out of their lungs were the only noises to be heard, both of them working furiously to pleasure each other.
Mrs. Hudson is already teary-eyed when John opens the door, and she wraps him in a timid hug which he returns with a quiet grunt. “I’m sorry I haven’t come down to talk,” he whispers, his voice hoarse. His shoulders are shaking.
“I can feel her head,” the midwife said, her voice muzzy in Sherlock’s ears. “Keep going, you’re just right. Push with the contraction and stop when it stops.”
John held the baby for a little while, and then passed him back to his mother, who was starting to look bone-tired. James was only a few hours old and his mother had yet to sleep, so John and Sherlock said their goodbyes after a little while and left the new family to rest and recover. They had a hotel for a few nights and were going to be staying with Joanna for a little while, helping out until they settled into a routine.
“Mum?” Joanna’s voice eased through the fog and he met her gaze. “I wondered - well, we both did, really, wondered if you had any...advice. Anything that got you through when you...had me.” She smiled at him, and he saw his eyes, now hers, filled with hope and joy and worry and wonder at what was to come.
“I know you will,” Sherlock agreed, his expression melting into one of contentment. Soren climbed back onto the sofa, on Sherlock’s other side now, and Sherlock let himself relax into the warmth of his mate and son.
Sherlock shook his head. “It didn’t,” he said plainly, bending down to pull the milk from the fridge. He rested the jug on his bump as he straightened back up, putting a hand on his lower back as he did. “Oof. I’m not sure I’ve got four weeks left in me,” he said, shuffling forward to pour milk over his cereal.
Getting tighter. Sherlock moaned and rubbed at his lower belly, trying to figure out what was happening. John pulled off his cock and Sherlock made a plaintive noise. “Just relax,” John soothed, and Sherlock realized that John had gotten another can while he was gone, and was slowly filling Sherlock up even more. ‘Nothing you can’t handle,’ he remembered, and he moaned helplessly, rubbing intently at his belly.
"Right. Well, anyhow, I saw this and for some reason it seemed like something you would like. I don't know that you can use it for much, but it does work, at least." John took his hand out from behind his back and dropped the fob into Sherlock's hand, coiling the silver chain to the side.
“Yes, Angelo does feed us up well. He even offered to send some home, did you know? But I told him no thank you, we had other plans…” He met Sherlock’s gaze evenly, waiting.
“I’ve got you, love,” John assured, planting one last kiss to the shiny, saliva-slick nipple he’d been laving his attention on before moving down the bed. He paused for a moment to kiss and caress Sherlock’s belly, giving his navel the same attention he’d given Sherlock’s nipple only a moment before. It served only to frustrate Sherlock even more, and soon he was making the same frantic attempts at moving his hips.
When he's fought down the worst of the flames, he sees the melted acrylic knitted booties and singed hats, and he realizes exactly what was burning.
“I get cold feet!” John protested, narrowing his eyes. “You two are ganging up on me. Can’t wait for him to get here, then maybe it’ll be more even.” He jabbed a finger toward Sherlock’s belly.
Sherlock could feel every part of her body as he labored to deliver it. Her head, broad and curved, leading the way, her shoulders caught for a moment in the cradle of his pelvis until, with the end of a contraction, they gave way and slid down. “I can’t,” he rasped in anguish, pinned in place with pain and pressure.
An hour later, Sherlock was bundled in bed and so was the baby, freshly named Evelyn Rose. They’d had to make do for a nappy and John had had to double-bag the afterbirth and set it outside to keep cold, but other than that, it had been surprisingly easy to clean up all evidence of having birthed a child in their rental cottage.
A light meal was served, catering to Sherlock’s condition. A feast like they’d usually have just wouldn’t suit, since one member of the party couldn’t eat a plate full. He barely finished his small portion as it was, and demurely turned down dessert. He pulled John close and whispered in his ear while mummy and father cleared the plates. “I need...my stays adjusted,” he said, his cheeks flushing. “I’m being dug into, and I need loosened.”
"Yours," Sherlock sighed, and his breathing quickened, his belly and chest heaving as he panted, writhing under John's gaze. The Alpha grinned and sank two fingers into Sherlock's entrance, and Sherlock yelped and tightened on John's digits. "Don't waste time, just fuck me," he growled.
"Twelve hours, give or take," says John. "I asked them to—if you want to, you can...see her. She’s just downstairs."
“She’s pregnant,” Sherlock said, not looking up from his tea. John stopped and, after a beat of silence, made a questioning noise. Sherlock looked up then.
“She looks perfectly healthy. Ten fingers and ten toes, from what I can see,” the doctor said, moving the wand around a little. “Heart rate is right on, measurements look good too. I’d say you’ve got a healthy little girl in there getting ready to meet you,” she pronounced, making a few notes on Sherlock’s chart before turning off the sonogram machine.
"Hey, sorry to bother. D'you know who this is, at…er, Baker Place? Needs farm help?" John asked, swivelling his basket around and pointing to the slightly greasy ad.
"Need to be in you," John growled at the same time Sherlock gasped "Need you in me," and they both managed to pause long enough to stumble to Sherlock's small bedroom and strip naked on the bed.
“I still like Greer,” John said, a false pout on his lips as he bent down to give Sherlock a kiss good morning. “It stuck with our short name theme. Good morning.”
The roads would be cleared within the hour, they were assured, and an ambulance would be following the snow plow to fetch them all and take them to the medical centre. For now, Sherlock let Evelyn sleep on his chest and watched the gentle snow fall outside. “I suppose you got to spend Christmas with mummy and daddy after all,” he murmured to their daughter, and placed a gentle kiss on her sleeping head.
The man let out a quiet cry and pushed his chest forward into the touch, the soft breast tissue moulding around John’s lips as he sucked softly. The sense of urgency returned to his movements and he tried to move faster, but the loose ligaments in his hips failed him too soon and he made a noise of near anguish when he couldn’t chase the pleasure the way he needed to.
“There’s a number of other things we can do in a bed that’s not ours,” John agreed. He put the lotion aside, and upon second thought picked it back up and held it up with one eyebrow cocked. Sherlock rolled his eyes and nodded.
"No, no, I'm fine, Sherlock, really. It was a joke, mostly. No worries." John felt empty now, but it didn't surprise him as much as he thought it probably should. He'd been growing to know this man for nearly three months, and spending all this time around an unbonded Omega - it was almost surprising that he hadn't acted on his instincts sooner. Army training, he supposed, and shrugged off the residual feeling of emptiness and focused on Sherlock, who was looking phenomenally uncomfortable on the other end of the sofa.
He was braced against the wall when a strong contraction came along, and rippled from his lower back clear around his pendulous belly. He could feel his muscles drawing up, his uterus contracting inward to expel the fetus it had housed for more than nine months. Tess’s head, which had rested in his pelvic cradle for more than a week, ground bluntly against his cervix, pushing it open even as his body’s hormones dilated it. His thighs were already quaking with the effort of standing up, reminiscent of the way they’d felt so many weeks ago when he was on top of John.
"She's very hungry, apparently," Sherlock replied, smiling down at Mary as he readjusted her position on his chest. "Would you want to burp her, when she's done?"
The night air was bitterly cold and nipped at Sherlock’s nose and cheeks as their carriage trundled over rough brick roads. It would be an hour and a quarter in the daylight, which meant it would take more like two hours to get home in the cold and snow and dark. Just what Sherlock needed, he thought sourly - a long, cold, rough carriage ride with a poorly-fitting support garment and a due date of yesterday.
"I can see why." John spent a few minutes just looking around, watching how the waves of grass changed colour as the wind blew through them, how the landscape seemed to melt with the passing clouds.
With John pulling tight on the chain, Sherlock could be certain that the hoof he'd already secured would stay in the chain's grip. He made a loop of the other end of the long chain, pushing his hand deep within once more to find the other hoof. "You're in the way," he muttered to his stomach, as the roundness prevented him from getting the angle of entrance correct. As if in response, his belly tightened again with another contraction, and it was all Sherlock could do to keep from crying out with the pain. It seemed that now he knew what the pain was, it hurt worse.
"You're welcome, love," John replied, and leaned down to peck a kiss to Sherlock's cheek. "Glad you like it."
"My body is telling me that you're my Alpha, even though we're not bonded, even though you're not the father of the child. But when…when you…when you're around, it's, I'm satisfied. John, I…" Sherlock broke off with a choked sob.
“Tess!” She finally said, waving the hand that had previously been over her mouth in the direction of Sherlock’s middle.
His shirt hem was digging uncomfortably into his stomach. He slid a finger under the hem and was surprised to feel how tight it was. “Look at that beautiful belly,” John said, his fingers pushing the hem up over the fullest part of Sherlock’s belly, giving him a little relief. “Getting too big for your shirt.”
“We’ve got to work on...arrangements,” John says the next day, while Sherlock is drinking the tea and eating the toast John has forced on him.
John nodded and let a lascivious smile spread across his face. "Worth it." He sat up, swallowed the pill, and handed the glass back.
Sherlock sighed against John's neck and dragged his tongue from just over John's collar to the hinge of his jaw. His other hand grasped John's waist. John let out a choked-off moan and tightened his fingers in Sherlock's hair. He heard Sherlock's breath hitch.
John sighed. "Because my career hangs in the balance, Sherlock." He looked down at his plate for a moment. "It took a long time to get back on my feet after my injury. If I lose my job, I'm back at square one."
When asked what he was working on, Holmes mumbled something about bee colonies as he continued his search. An avid amateur apiologist, Holmes monitors the health of the bee population in Loose Park.
Sherlock lowered his hands, wiping at the tears. He looked up at John wonderingly. John was still stroking Sherlock's hair. John's eyes were wet.
As he absorbed John’s pleasure, it wasn’t just his eyes that were glowing. His entire body was subtly giving off light. His pale skin was like moonlight falling on water. Even his dark wings were glimmering like starlight. John had never imagined that anything could be so beautiful.
"He... took advantage of the way I felt about him. I thought he loved me, but he continued dating women. He was looking for a wife." Sherlock was quiet for a moment before continuing. "It was killing me. So I asked him to stop. He refused. He fully intended to marry a woman and keep men - like me - on the side."
John could feel Sherlock shivering. He pulled back slightly. "Come on," he said quietly. "Let's get you taken care of." He led Sherlock down the hall, one arm around his waist. John's co-workers gaped at them as they passed. He got Sherlock into an exam room. "Wait here a second," he said gently. He quickly retrieved a towel, two patient gowns, and a blanket, ignoring his stunned co-workers.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes for a moment. He took his hand off of John's neck and stepped back. John reluctantly let go of Sherlock's lapels. Sherlock's eyes were still locked on John's. "Until Monday, John."
“And don’t pretend you don’t know you’re a silver fox,” Sherlock added, poking at Greg’s shoulder with one graceful finger.
"Beautiful," John murmured as he bent back down. He started at Sherlock's collarbone, slowly working over Sherlock's skin with his mouth and his fingertips. Sherlock shuddered as John moved over his upper body, gradually making his way downward.
Sherlock's eyes fell closed. A tear slipped out from under his eyelashes and tracked down his cheek.
A note about consent to be read before this chapter as needed: Sherlock is working with some outdated notions about consent here. He is grievously offended when John mistakes him for a rapist. However, he does not wait for the explicit and enthusiastic consent that is featured in my other works. He instead relies on physical cues and signs of arousal in his target. Additionally, as a demon, he is threatening and frightening at times. This is why I have used the dubious consent tag. If this will disturb you, I invite you to try one of my other works which feature explicit and enthusiastic consent. Thank you for reading! ❤️
true. You don't know. People... don't like me. They don't come near me unless their jobs require it."
"Good." Sherlock pulled his left arm back and slid it down to John's waist, under his arm. John shuddered. Sherlock pulled John's shirt up a bit and plunged both hands into John's underclothes.
John's head snapped up. "I don't want my own bedroom!" He dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock. "I'm tired of hiding. I'm so tired of it. And I won't do it anymore."
John pushed his shoulders back, lifting his chin and glaring at Sherlock. "Assuming you have the right to determine whether or not I date - which you don't, by the way - why not?"
John grinned at Sherlock. Then his expression sobered. "I wouldn't blame you if you wanted to stay another day."
John spun around when he heard the familiar baritone voice behind him. He tried to read Sherlock's expression. He saw... trepidation. "
"John. Your scars are part of you. They represent the path your life has taken. The path that brought you to me. They could never be anything but beautiful. Now sit on the bed, please."
John took hold of Sherlock's knees, then pushed his hands up Sherlock's thighs. He grabbed his hips and gently pulled him forward to the edge of the bed.
John parked his car next to Sherlock's in the underground parking across from Municipal Auditorium. He got out and watched Sherlock put his violin in his car. "Thank you for letting me come to your concert tonight."
John rolled onto his right side, resting a hand on Sherlock's chest and kissing his shoulder. He draped his left leg across Sherlock's. "Love you, too."
His eyes returned to their usual piercing green. “An unfortunate number of my brethren engage in that sort of vileness. I do not. It is inefficient.”
John wiped at the sweat and tears on his face as he approached the edge of the roof. He looked out across the plaza. It was almost completely dark. The only light came from the streetlights and the occasional window. John's eyes were drawn up to Sherlock's windows. His light was on. John let out a tight, breathless chuckle.
John put his hands out. Sherlock took them. John helped him stand up slowly on his right foot. Sherlock moved his left hand onto John's shoulder. (John noticed that Sherlock made sure it was the right shoulder. John tried
"You won't do it wrong, John. I promise." Sherlock pressed his mouth to John's briefly. "Although I think we shouldn't be wearing all of these clothes." He grinned at John.
Sherlock was still for several minutes before he stretched his three sound limbs languorously. He sighed contentedly. He let a few more minutes pass before sitting up slowly. John had picked up the clothing scattered over the floor. He'd placed Sherlock's clothes on his pack. Sherlock put his underclothes, stockings, and nightshirt on. Everything else he stored in his pack, his cloak folded on top.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock." John was still backing up. He felt dizzy with panic. "I'm sorry. I have to... go. I have to go. I'm sorry." He turned and started walking away quickly.
"Yes." Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows. He watched John put the potatoes onto plates with the rest of the rabbit stew. He put a slice of bread on each plate. Sherlock pushed himself up to sit against the wall as John filled both of their mugs with ale. John handed Sherlock his plate, but seemed to be avoiding eye contact. John sat at the table to eat.
, John thought to himself. There were flecks of gold in both eyes, and a brown spot above the man's right pupil.
When he was finally released, he dropped, as limp as a rag doll. Sherlock disengaged, and John was immediately desperate to be back in physical contact with him. He couldn’t lose him so soon. He struggled to raise his head.
John closed his eyes as his body settled against Sherlock's. He groaned as his erection pressed into the hollow of Sherlock's hip. He felt Sherlock huff out a breath as John's hip settled on top of Sherlock's erection.
John continued stroking Sherlock's hair, twisting his fingers gently through the curls. "You know, I can see you training Beau when I'm tending to the vines on the hillside."
John pulled it out of reach. "Oh, no, I'll carry it. I don't want your pack any heavier than it absolutely has to be."
John ran to the door before Sherlock could get out. He shoved the door closed and grabbed Sherlock's upper arms. "Sherlock,
John froze, suddenly unsure of what Sherlock expected from him. And afraid he wouldn't get it right. Sherlock was watching him carefully. He reached up and put his hand on John's cheek. "John. We don't have to do anything if you don't want to."
This is an intensely personal work, influenced not only by the history of my home town, but by my own family's history.
This chapter contains references to suicidal thoughts. Please skip it if this will adversely affect you.
Sherlock tipped his head back, letting it thud against the wall. He was laughing again. "We'll miss dinner, John," he teased.
John put his hand up toward Sherlock, waving it in an attempt to tell Sherlock not to worry about him.
"I... I heard you playing. I snuck into the balcony. That was the most incredible thing I've ever heard."
"You're not asking. I'm insisting. I'm sorry to overstep my place like this, but you're not going anywhere, Prince Sherlock."
When the music was finished, Sherlock locked eyes with John again during the applause. After Sherlock left the stage, John made his way through the crowd to the side door he'd found on Thursday. He felt out of place backstage among the musicians in their formal black and white.
John took Sherlock's arm and led him down the hall, away from the ER. "I appreciate it, Sherlock, I really do. But... you can't be here. I'm sorry."
Sherlock had occasionally touched himself before, of course. Sometimes his physical needs had asserted themselves to the point where Sherlock had needed to relieve them so that he could think properly. But John's touch was a revelation. How could John's hand feel so different from his own?
Sherlock looked down at his notebook. "I... I was taking notes." He looked back up at John. "Sometimes I come here to... observe the bees," he added shyly.
John licked, kissed, and nipped at Sherlock's neck. Sherlock let go of John's hand so he could put both arms around him and pull him closer.
As he moved lower, John shifted to kneel beside Sherlock's legs. He licked at Sherlock's stomach, smiling when the muscles twitched under his mouth. He looked up at Sherlock's face.
After several minutes had passed, John was no longer capable of words. Sherlock took John in even deeper, stopping his own breath. His fingers dug into John's hips. He pulled back just far enough to gasp for air before plunging back down. John's entire body was shaking hard. He was completely lost in pleasure, his orgasm approaching rapidly. Sherlock rose up to take another quick, shuddering breath and dropped back into place. John pawed at Sherlock's head in an attempt at warning him before gasping deeply as his vision whited out.
John's heart leaped when Sherlock stepped onto the stage. He was dressed like the other musicians, in white tie with a black tailcoat. He'd combed his hair back, taming his curls slightly. He looked
John was still drifting, but he began to shift his weight back onto his own feet. He and Sherlock were both trying to catch their breath. They stood leaning together against the wall for several minutes before either of them attempted to move.
John closed his eyes and looked down. "No." He lifted his chin and looked into Sherlock's eyes again. "But I don't care about that. It's more important to me that
Sherlock leaned against the wall. He peered out from beneath his hood to watch John walk away. After John was out of sight, Sherlock watched the crowd. He was careful to keep his face in the shadow of his hood and avoid making eye contact with anyone. He passed the time waiting for John by observing various people to see how much he could learn about them just by watching and listening.
Sherlock closed his eyes. "John." He took a breath and let it out. He opened his eyes. "I will never tell you to stop." He stood up slowly. John's hands fell away from his arms. "How long have you felt this way, John?"
John gripped Sherlock's arms harder and took a shaky breath. "Sherlock, I want you to promise me something before we go any further."
Sherlock bent to pick up his violin and spun on his heel. He was out the door by the time John was able to stumble to his feet.
His jade green eyes were fixed on John. As John stared back, the man’s full mouth quirked into a lopsided grin.
Sherlock looked down at his hands. "John, I don't know how I'll ever be able to repay you for your kindness. I'll give you all the gold I have, of course, but if you're caught helping me, they'll... hurt you. Possibly kill you. I'm putting you in danger. I never should have allowed you to bring me here. I'll leave tonight before -"
John hadn't slept in his own bed since the first night they were together. He couldn't get enough of Sherlock. And Sherlock couldn't seem to get enough of John. But this wasn't just sex - although the sex was simultaneously the most intense and the most loving he'd ever experienced. John had never opened his heart to anyone the way he had to Sherlock. They talked about
John leaned dangerously close to Greg’s ear, his hand still on his shoulder. He deliberately lowered and roughened his voice. “You think he’s hot now? You should see him in his true form. Take us home and we’ll show you. And he honestly
Sherlock attacked John's jumper as though it had personally offended him, yanking it up over his head and flinging it at the nearest wall. John grinned as Sherlock pulled his belt loose and threw it against the same wall. Sherlock grinned back and began working furiously at John's shirt buttons. John's smile faded and he stilled Sherlock's hands with his own.
Sherlock cried out, his chest heaving. His arms strained with the effort of resisting his need to touch John, pulling at the shelves. He kept watching John.
John put the pail of milk down, dropped into his chair, and crossed his arms. "I'm glad you two are enjoying yourselves in here."
"I don't have time for this now." John walked away quickly, doing his best to ignore Judy's mirthless laugh.
"No, I needed help to put up the walls and dig the well and cellar. I traded work with my friend Mike. He has a farm near the village. I worked on his farm for several weeks in exchange for his help building this place. I did the furnishings myself, though. Kept me busy for a while."
John kept Sherlock's watch on his wrist at every possible moment. He only took it off to shower, although sometimes Sherlock took it off of him in bed. John blushed slightly, thinking of the times Sherlock had taken the watch off and pressed his mouth to the inside of John's wrist.
John's footsteps echoed against the marble. The Art Deco murals towered over him. He decided he'd enter the music hall at the back of the first balcony. He'd have a better chance of avoiding being seen there. He climbed the stairway and peeked through the door.
Sherlock was looking at John with unmasked adoration. He reached into his trouser pocket and pulled out a small box. John's mouth dropped open in shock. Sherlock smiled radiantly. He opened the box. Inside was a gold wedding band.
"Yes, yes." John let out another breathless giggle as he yanked his shirt the rest of the way off and threw his jeans and underwear somewhere behind him. Sherlock reached out as John crawled onto the bed and dragged him down into a searing kiss.
Sherlock ducked under a branch, his pack shifting against his back as he stood back up. Moonlight sparkled on the stream below. He made his way down and refilled his water skin. He picked his way across the stream by stepping on the higher rocks. Determined to put as many miles as possible between himself and his wretched brother's lackeys before dawn, he climbed the steep bank quickly. He braced his foot on a rock protruding from the side of the bank and hoisted himself farther up the hill. The rock gave way and fell.
"Perhaps it would be a good idea to stop for a few minutes." Sherlock tried not to let the pain show on his face. They sat on the ground for a while. John gave him some water. After they had rested for several minutes, he helped Sherlock get up and they continued walking. They stopped at the top of each hill to allow Sherlock to rest.
"Doctor Watson!" Judy called as the paramedics rushed a patient through the doors. He slammed the drawers shut and jumped up.
John stirred. His head was hot and sweaty under his pillow. He groaned and knocked the pillow to the floor. The air felt cold on his damp hair.
They were quiet for a long time, but the silence that had fallen over them was broken when John's stomach growled loudly. Sherlock giggled. "Hungry, are you?"
Sherlock pushed himself up the hill toward the hollow. The ground was much less rocky there, and he began pulling dry leaves down over his tracks.
"I can't last, John, I'm too close! I'm sorry!" Sherlock was pressing his face against John's shoulder, panting.
Sherlock was pulling at John's shirt. John let him take it off him and toss it aside before reclaiming his mouth.
That’s all for now, lovely readers. I appreciate each and every one of you. Positive and/or constructive comments are always welcome. ❤️
Mike put his hand on John's shoulder. "I will. And I've explained to them the story we agreed on about you moving to Scotland for a fresh start. Only Molly, Greg, and I know the truth." He pulled John into another long hug. "You take care of yourselves." Mike's eyes were wet.
After dinner, John walked with Sherlock back to his car. Sherlock stopped and pulled a record out of his bag. "This one is for you," he said, handing it to John. "I think you'll like it if you give it a chance."
Sherlock traced one of his hands down John's back before bringing it around to grab at John's belt. John took the hint and pulled Sherlock's belt off, letting it fall at their feet. Sherlock dropped John's belt on top of it.
Sherlock put his boot into the top of his pack, and put the glove back between his teeth. He began to shove himself backward toward the hollow. He stopped to sweep his cloak over the rocky bank to camouflage his drag marks. He slowly made his way to the base of the hill below the hollow, stopping frequently to disguise his path. Tears streamed down his face. His teeth were clenched around his glove. He was trembling from shock, exertion, and pain.
John watched him intently, deeply appreciating the play of Sherlock's muscles and tendons under his pale skin as he moved. "I'm glad you're back. I thought you'd be at the park for ages. You were so wrapped up in observing the bees that you didn't even look at me when I jogged through the rose garden."
"Hey Sherlock, where am I sleeping? The couch again?" Sherlock stopped and turned around, silhouetted a little by the setting sun.
"Fuck. Buggering fuck," Sherlock cursed, glad for the cover of a thunderclap masking his expletives.
Sherlock's belly was low and heavy, and felt hard beneath his hands. "It hurts," he uttered, and staggered forward as John's hand guided him out of the stall.
Sherlock shook his head and rested his head on the lip of the tub, closing his eyes. “Maybe later. I’m alright for now.”
John pulled a face, grumbling, and settled back into the sofa with his arms crossed. “You’re taking all the fun out of it, you know. All I wanted out of this was to look at you and say ‘is it time?’ and for you to look back and say ‘it’s time.’ Like, proper dramatics, this time, instead of ‘oh. my waters have broken. those must have been contractions.’”
It took two full days for Sherlock to mostly recover, and even then his legs ached at the end of the day. Most mornings now began with Sherlock being pleasantly sated by John’s touch and then, smelling of mint, rolling out of bed to fetch Cara and help her down the stairs. Thankfully, their daughter had mastered steps a few months ago, because Sherlock quickly passed the point of being able to sling her around his hip. The baby was in the way, and growing more in the way every passing day.
"Don't coddle me, John," Sherlock snarled. "I'm pregnant, not fragile. Help me up." John reluctantly pulled Sherlock to his feet, and Sherlock bit back a moan at the throb that radiated out from his back. "Draw me up a bucket of warm water, I'll meet you out at the barn." Sherlock bent with a grunt and pulled on a pair of trousers, splayed wide in the front and held in place with a bit of string.
Sherlock absently takes John’s wrist, brings his hand up, and brushes a kiss over the knuckles. “Yes. Thinking.”
"Have you had any checkups yet?" John asked, and shifted on the sheets to get a better look at Sherlock.
Someone, or several someones, guided him to lay down again, but nobody dared touch the little being that squalled in his arms. They covered him with a towel to keep his tiny body warm, and John’s hands held the towel close and kissed away Sherlock’s tears. Sherlock’s focus widened as the minutes passed and he was aware of being cleaned and IVs being adjusted, and the doctor hovering nearby, waiting to check the baby over. He could hardly bear it, but he let the nurses take his child as the last contractions stuttered their way through his tired body, expelling the placenta and leaving him raw and empty.
He drank slow sips of the soda, letting John continue to fill him up with short bursts from the compressed whipped cream can. His shirt got tight again and he put his soda can down to wiggle uncomfortably out of the tight shirt, tossing it aside. He used both hands to marvel at his new form, running his hands from his flat chest down over his jutting, cresting belly. The lower part was fuller now than the top, thanks to the whipped cream, round and firm with very little give. “Full,” he said, looking at John, his brain half offline.
“I don’t think I can wait any longer,” Sherlock repeated, shifting uncomfortably on his feet. John nodded and stepped forward, enveloping his mate in another long hug. He felt Sherlock trembling this time, and a tear ran down John’s cheek.
John was testing the hot water when another contraction came on, followed by the unmistakeable sound of spilled water and an abrupt change in Sherlock’s tone. When John rushed out into the hallway he found Sherlock in a deep squat, his back arched and a panicked look in his eyes as a puddle slowly spread on the tile floor. John kissed Sherlock’s sweaty temple and ran to grab a towel, dropping it between Sherlock’s legs. He kneaded Sherlock’s shoulders until Sherlock sagged forward, and then helped him stand and wiped the fluid from his thighs.
"Nah, mate, haven't the cash to cover it." The bartend nodded understandingly and snagged a glass of water for John, setting it down as John tucked back in.
"Really?" John's smile widened and he clasped his hands together. "That's fantastic, Sherlock, thank you!"
He moved heavily and slowly out of the box when he was finished and laid on the floor at John’s feet, looking miserable. The cat heaved a sigh and looked up at John miserably. “I know, love,” he murmured, kneeling to scratch the cat’s head and pat his belly. “They’ll come soon. You can’t get much bigger than this.”
. Even entertaining the possibility mildly disgusts him, but increasingly it is forcing itself into consideration. He knows the statistics, that his history makes him “high-risk,” that there is every possibility of suffering the same pain and loss. That knowledge is what makes his chest clench and his stomach turn.
When the pain came, he pushed. Almost immediately it felt like he was being torn apart from the inside. His body was not designed to stretch this far - would he be strong enough to bear their child into this world? A tear leaked from his eye and he grunted, still pushing.
Sherlock sighed and got in on the driver’s side, snapping his buckle and waiting for John to get in before starting up the car. “We could eat it.”
“You got me sticky,” Sherlock complained, grimacing as he propped himself up on his elbows. “Though, to be fair, I got myself sticky, too. Why am I always the sticky one?” He reached over and took John’s face in his hands, claiming one last kiss.
“I do,” Sherlock said, stopping his hand from kneading. He didn’t want to encourage his body to burp. His shirt was tight there, but he also liked the feeling of the shirt stretching around his filling middle. He brought the straw back to his lips and kept drinking.
Sherlock shrugged, letting his head fall forward to rest on John’s shoulder. “Not much to see. Well…more to see than usual, I suppose.” He felt John’s chuckle and smiled.
“I’ll take care of you,” John promised, and stepped back. When his eyes re-focused, Sherlock was in front of him, sleek and black and purring as he stepped forward to lean against John, butting his hand and asking for scratches.
The sheets lift, and cool air rushes in. John waits for Sherlock’s weight to sink into the mattress next to him and for the covers to settle over them again.
John didn't have to look down the menu very far before deciding; a good reliable fish and chips would do just fine. He ordered quickly and beat it to the loo, pulling his sopping flannel shirt off and putting on a warm, dry jumper in its stead. Sure, he looked like an aging schoolteacher in this getup, but he'd suffer the humiliation with a smile if it meant he didn't catch pneumonia.
Sherlock nodded slightly and took the head between his lips again. John whimpered. Sherlock moved his mouth up and down slowly - much more shallowly this time. He made a mental note to research techniques as soon as possible. He continued to use his tongue and suck lightly. He felt John's cock grow even harder.
"Wait!" John cried, reaching his arm out. But Sherlock had already slammed the door. It was all John could do to keep from crumpling to the floor.
John went over the edge seconds later. He tipped his head back as the wave of his pleasure crested, washing over him. As the haze of orgasm cleared, he stilled his hips, gasping for breath. He released Sherlock's hands and collapsed onto the bed at his left side.
"John, I can't imagine a life without you any more. You're everything to me." He put his hand on John's cheek. "I love you."
John put both hands on Sherlock's upper arms and looked at him intently. "What is it? What's happened?"
John sat up a little. Sherlock made a little whining noise. John put a finger against Sherlock's mouth. "Shh, Darling, not too loud. It might not be safe to make too much noise."
"Well, no, it always seemed such a waste of time. A distraction. I thought myself above these... desires."
Sherlock broke into a smile at that, but quickly sobered. "This is going to sound strange. Please hear me out. I don't want you to misinterpret what I'm going to ask."
John giggled. "Come on. Let's get more comfortable." Sherlock stood up gracefully as John struggled to get to his feet with his trousers still halfway down and his legs half asleep.
Then he moved on to John's neck, kissing, licking, and nipping at it gently. John felt like he could melt right into the mattress. Sherlock made his way down to John's collarbone, then onto his chest. He continued moving lower, kissing every inch of John's skin. As he reached John's abdomen, John tensed up. He'd put on weight over the years, and he worried sometimes that Sherlock would be put off by his soft belly. He squeezed his eyes closed.
When John dropped limply back onto the bed, Sherlock released him. He sat back and looked at John's face. John's cheeks were flushed and he was gasping for breath. Sherlock was stunned at how vulnerable and open John had become. He had given himself over completely, holding nothing back from Sherlock. Sherlock was even more stunned at the burning need he felt in his heart to give himself to John just as completely. It was all a bit... terrifying.
"Your playing was... It was incredible. So expressive. I was transfixed. I didn't mean to eavesdrop, I just... sort of... froze up in front of your door when I heard you. I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have listened like that."
John reached for the leg next to him, putting one hand under Sherlock's knee and one under his ankle. He lifted Sherlock's leg up and started a line of kisses on his shin.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, not yet. I wouldn't mind a bit more of that ale, though, if you've got it."
John paused. He had Sherlock's fly open. He held onto the denim with both hands and fixed his eyes on Sherlock's. "
John had no idea how to respond to that. So he said nothing and continued stroking Sherlock's hair. He was beginning to suspect that Sherlock had been hurt badly in the past.
. He cooked a frankly ridiculous amount of bacon and eggs and made tea precisely the way Sherlock had taught him.
"Then don't say anything. Let me check the height and you can try them out by coming to see the cellar. You may need to get to it quickly."
After a several minutes, Sherlock reluctantly put his clothes right and sat up straighter. He dragged his chair closer to the table and put his hand on John's shoulder.
John gazed up at Sherlock. His dark curls were shining in the sunlight and his indigo shirt was playing up the blue in his eyes. "Which way shall we go, John?" he asked.
John kissed him deeply as they began to stroke each other. He put his free hand on the back of Sholto's head, his fingers brushing past Sholto's short, bristly hair.
"I won't change my mind, Sherlock. You're incredible, I love you, and I'm done hiding you." John stood up. He put a hand on Sherlock's cheek and bent to kiss him tenderly. When John pulled back, he locked eyes with Sherlock. He took both of Sherlock's hands and squeezed them gently. "I promise you, Sherlock. I won't let anything or anyone come between us again." He kissed Sherlock again, letting go of his hands to wrap his arms around him. Sherlock's arms came up around John's shoulders.
Sherlock visibly relaxed. "All right, then." He released the dog tags, letting them fall back into place on his chest. "I'm keeping the dog tags, John."
Heat surged through John's body as he pulled Sherlock in. Sherlock's lips were warm and soft against his. Sherlock opened his mouth, pushing his tongue against John's lips. John opened his mouth in response, allowing Sherlock's tongue in.
"John, you're incredibly beautiful. Get in here with me." Sherlock lifted the coverlet to allow John to slide in. They tangled themselves together in the small bed. Sherlock pressed one more kiss to John's lips. "Sleep now. You need to rest."
John startled and looked around nervously to see if anyone else had heard that. Sherlock thanked Angelo and walked back across the store. Angelo winked at John and disappeared into the back. After taking a shaky breath, John followed Sherlock.
Sherlock reached out, lifting his hands to hold John's face. "But - why didn't you say anything until now?"
When Linda and Clara were leaving, John asked for Clara's phone number. As he wrote it down, John's mother and Linda shared an excited look behind Clara's back. John left shortly afterward, discreetly putting Clara's number into Harry's hand. Harry hugged him tightly, whispering her thanks into his ear.
"I made it across the bridge, but the water..." Sherlock stopped for a moment. "The water was deeper than I thought it was on the other side. I lost my footing."
John turned to face him. Sherlock was pale with fear. John tried to calm himself. "Yes, they're moving down the dock. I didn't think you could see the dock from there."
John took Sherlock's hand in his. "I'm never going to leave you, Sweetheart. But that doesn't mean I'll never get angry. I needed to clear my head. That's all."
John put his cloak on and shouldered his bow and quiver. He crossed the room to Sherlock's side. He stroked Sherlock's hair. "I'll be back as soon as I can." He leaned down and kissed Sherlock. He moved to stand back up.
Sherlock broke the kiss and tipped his upper body back to allow John to open his shirt, attacking John's shirt at the same time. When both of their shirts were open, Sherlock dove back in. He kissed John deeply and stroked his hands over John's upper body. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. He ran his hands up Sherlock's back under his shirt, then dragged his fingernails down. Sherlock arched his back and growled against John's mouth. John grabbed hold of Sherlock's ass and pulled his hips tightly against his own. The kiss faltered as both men moaned at the friction.
John pulled back to look. Sherlock had tipped his head back. His eyes fluttered closed as his mouth dropped open. He tugged lightly at John's hold on his wrists and pushed his hips up against John's. His breath was coming in gasps punctuated by whimpers. John's dog tags rested against his chest.
As he pulled Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and opened it, John pressed his mouth against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock tipped his head back, lifting a hand and resting it lightly on the back of John's head. John pushed Sherlock's shirt and vest off his shoulders and flung them over a chair. "God, you're gorgeous," he said quietly against Sherlock's skin. Sherlock had a surprising amount of muscle tone for such a thin man. John dragged his fingers and his mouth everywhere he could reach.
John splashed some water on his face and walked out to his car, staying on the cement this time. He turned the key. Nothing. He tried to start the Vega for the better part of ten minutes before giving up. He got out, kicking the door so hard he dented it. "Piece of shit!"
As John held Greg’s gaze, he let a little bit of his light show in his eyes. It was just enough to make it clear to Greg that John wasn’t human without disturbing the rest of the club. And John was fully aware that his light set fire to the blue colours in his dark eyes. He’d been told his eyes were particularly entrancing, and he used them to his advantage.
." John leaned forward. Sherlock watched, panting, as John took him into his mouth. He moaned, his head falling back again. Sherlock was lost in pleasure. He rested one hand on John's head, stroking at his hair."John,
"Yes, you do. Come on. I've got more medication for you, but I can't give it to you unless you eat."
The light still emanating from his beautiful body surged again as his pleasure overtook him. “Oh!” he cried, “Oh, J-“ He doubled over, the glossy waves of his hair falling forward to obscure his face.
"It's an old injury. But I landed right on it." John rubbed at his shoulder, rolling it slightly in an attempt to relax the cramping muscles. "The elbow you threw didn't help." He gave the man a pointed look.
John looked down at him and had to stifle a moan. Sherlock was gorgeously debauched. His clothes were pulled halfway off, his cheeks were flushed, and his hair was mussed. His eyes burned into John's. "Please, John."
Sherlock nodded silently. They approached the inn. Sherlock moved off to the side as John went in. Sherlock counted out sixty seconds and approached the door. He entered quietly, keeping his hood low and moving directly to the back. He ducked into the hall and entered the third door on the left. The room was small, containing two single beds and a small table. There was a window high on the wall. Sherlock lit the candle on the table, as the sunlight was fading away rapidly. He sat down on the bed on the right. He propped his aching leg up, leaned against the wall, and sighed in relief.
"John," Sherlock whispered. John's hands found their way into Sherlock's hair as he leaned down. He tentatively pressed his lips against Sherlock's.
When John relaxed, Sherlock pulled back and looked at him. John was completely wrecked. He let go of Sherlock's hair and dropped to his knees, still panting. He put his hands on Sherlock's knees and let his head fall down between his upper arms as he tried to catch his breath.
Sherlock watched him until he disappeared from sight. He waited, watching people walk by in the fading light.
John put his hand to Sherlock's cheek. "I should let you get some sleep. We both have work tomorrow, don't we?"
Setting note:  Municipal Auditorium, opened in 1935, is an Art Deco / Streamline Moderne masterpiece. It contains a large sports arena, a music hall which was home to the Kansas City Philharmonic, an exhibition hall, and a ballroom.
"Hey, hey..." John lifted his head. "It's okay. It's over." He kissed Sherlock gently. "I'm so sorry!"
," he said against John's ear. "I told you last night. I'm the only one that gets to hear those gorgeous sounds." He moved his hand back down over John's chest and held him firmly. His right hand remained on John's cock, but he kept it still. Sherlock pressed another open-mouthed kiss across the back of John's neck before whispering into John's right ear. "Can you be quiet for me, John?" He rolled his hips against John's arse again, huffing a breath against John's neck.
"Do think about it." Sherlock sat back again. He paused. "Do you mind if I ask what happened to your shoulder? You don't have to answer if you don't want to."
He put the ticket back in its envelope and leaned sideways to put the envelope on Sherlock's music stand. He settled back into Sherlock's arms and put his hands over Sherlock's. Sherlock slouched down and rested his chin on John's shoulder again. They looked at the lights quietly for a few more minutes. The traffic on the street below was beginning to move.
John stopped breathing. He clutched desperately at Sherlock's hair as he came incredibly hard. As he finished, he gasped for air. He loosened his grip on Sherlock's hair and looked down, panting and quivering. As John watched, Sherlock released him and dropped back on his heels, lowering his head. Sherlock's chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath. John bent down unsteadily and cradled Sherlock's face in his hands. It took him a moment to regain the ability to speak. "You okay, Sherlock?"
He reached up and stroked John's shoulders, keeping his touch light over the scarring on the left side. John's arousal surged again when he felt Sherlock's touch on his bare skin. Sherlock's hands moved down to stroke John's chest. John leaned down to kiss Sherlock again. He pulled Sherlock's shirt up, reluctantly breaking the kiss again so he could get Sherlock's shirt off.
Henry rolled his eyes again, but he sheathed his knife, tucking it back into his belt. John set his bow on the ground and knelt down.
. John turned to look at Sherlock. "I wish I could, Sherlock. But your family - I don't want to cause a problem."
interest to give you the greatest sexual experience of your life.” He pushed his hand into Greg’s hair. “Take us home, Greg.”
Sherlock waved his hand toward John. "It's fine. I was late anyway. The clerk at that shoe store was a complete idiot. He couldn't manage to use his own cash register." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock went completely still. He stood there for a long moment, his otherworldly face still carefully composed to reveal nothing.
John woke before dawn. He no longer felt sick. His strength was returning. And he was ravenously hungry.
John lingered over each of Sherlock's nipples, appreciating the whimpers he was drawing out of the gorgeous man in his bed. He felt Sherlock's hand fall against the back of his head, fingers pushing into his hair. John pulled back an inch and held still. He didn't budge when Sherlock's hand pressed down on his head. Sherlock groaned in frustration.
"I'm serious, Sherlock." John took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He put a hand on Sherlock's cheek and looked into his eyes. "Listen to me, okay? I will
John noticed that Sherlock was looking him over as well, his eyes drawn consistently to John's chest, where his sweat-soaked shirt was clinging to him. John couldn't resist. He rolled his left shoulder back as though it was bothering him. His t-shirt pulled tighter across his chest, and John smiled to himself as Sherlock's eyes widened and the flush in his cheeks renewed itself.
But Sherlock was pushing John's breeches and underclothes down, the desire in his eyes stronger than ever. "Together, together," he was saying. John shuddered as Sherlock exposed his aching cock. Sherlock put his hand to his own mouth. John moaned as he watched Sherlock licking at his hand. He lowered his body again as Sherlock reached for him. When Sherlock's wet hand closed around him, he cried out, "Oh, God,
"No." Sherlock locked eyes with John. "No, you're really not." He looked back down at his plate. "Why did they say I ran?"
"Yes, he is," Sherlock replied as he tossed his shoes aside and attacked his own shirt buttons. "Clothes off.
"I'll just... I'll be fine. On the floor. It's all right." John took his cloak from its hook and went to his flour sacks. He breathed slowly. Deliberately.
Sherlock shifted his position, locking his ankles over John’s and grasping one hipbone. Without breaking eye contact, he bent lower and took hold of the base of John’s cock. John gasped deeply. Sherlock flashed his deadly teeth once more before putting his pink tongue out to deliver a heavy lick to the head.
"I don't need you to lecture me! And I didn't need you to drag me out of there like a disobedient child!"
Sherlock moaned at the sight of John kneeling in front of him. John untied Sherlock's breeches and pulled them open, shoving his underclothes down and grasping his aching cock.
Sherlock's eyes were dark with arousal as he looked up at John. "I want to." His voice was low and breathy. "Oh, God, John, I want to.
Sherlock looked down at his own hands. He flexed his fingers. He looked back up at John. "The vein in the third finger leads to the heart. That's why women wear their wedding rings on it."
"I don't know. But I am." He smiled and put his hands on Mike's shoulders. "More than I've ever been sure about anything."
Sherlock had never known anyone quite like John. He had seemed like a simple man at first, but the longer Sherlock observed him, the more fascinating he became. There was such strength in him, and he was clearly intelligent. He was handsome and pleasant to talk to. Why hadn't he married and had a family? Why had he hidden himself in this remote place? Sherlock found that he wanted to know
Sherlock stood up straighter, managing to project affronted dignity even in his debauched state. "You dragged me into the bedroom!"
John stopped in the hallway to make a note on Mrs. Sheffield's chart. He felt Sherlock's watch bump against his thigh. He stopped writing, suddenly unable to think of anything but Sherlock. He indulged himself for a moment, allowing his mind to wander. He remembered the way the candlelight had danced in Sherlock's eyes at dinner the night before. And the way Sherlock's whole face had lit up that morning when John asked if he could call him.
“I want to see all of you.” John couldn’t bear to have anything between them any longer. Not even a pair of ridiculous leather trousers. “Please, Sherlock.”
There will be an epilogue posted in one week. It takes the form of a newspaper feature story on John & Sherlock.
John knew Sherlock was giving him the chance to back off, but he was determined to see this through. He sucked harder, swirling his tongue over the head. Sherlock's body went rigid. He moaned brokenly into his hand. John pulled back slightly and swallowed as Sherlock came into his mouth.
The conductor turned to the whole orchestra, flipping the pages of a large book. "Okay, we're going to run the first movement," he said. He had salt-and-pepper hair and a gruff voice. "At the top, please."
John had decided to put Sherlock's straining shirt buttons out of their misery. He popped the top button open and dragged his mouth over the newly exposed skin at Sherlock's collarbone.
John set the food and the spool of twine on the kitchen table and went through the rest of his things. He packed the potatoes and his pieces of spare clothing.
feet. He no longer wore his fine black suit. In its place was a ridiculous (yet ridiculously attractive) pair of black leather trousers. One hand was propped on his bent knee, canting his elbow up. His other hand dangled against John’s sheets.
A distant part of John’s brain was questioning the wisdom of allowing a demon to bind him, but he knew he’d already passed the point of no return. By the time John found his voice, Sherlock was kneeling between his legs. He had already stripped John’s t-shirt off and bound one of his wrists to the headboard. He had the palm of one of his graceful hands resting on John’s bad shoulder and was mumbling something unintelligible under his breath. A curious, tingling warmth spread through John’s shoulder.
Sherlock opened his gorgeous eyes. John could still see fear in them. John took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "It's one of the smaller ships. It's French, returning to the continent. The crew is small, and most of them don't speak English."
Sherlock gasped, arching his back. His chest pushed up against John's before he dropped back against the bed. John's hands found their way into Sherlock's hair as he claimed his mouth in a scorching kiss. Sherlock moaned against John's mouth and wrapped his arms tightly around John's back.
After a few minutes, John found the strength to stand up and help Sherlock lie back into bed. He couldn't resist crawling in with him. He settled in against Sherlock's shoulder. "You are incredible, my darling." He stroked Sherlock's chest. "Remember how you told me last night I had no idea how much trouble I was in?"
Sherlock let out a low moan as John pulled at his hair and thrust his cock shallowly into his mouth. John's body arched as he threw his head back, clutching at Sherlock's hair and coming into his mouth. He was moaning brokenly between gasps. Sherlock swallowed around John before dropping back onto his heels.
He shuffled his wings slightly, settling them. “We can feed on fear, pain, and shame. Or,” he said, fixing his eyes on John’s, “We can feed on other energies. I find that pleasure is far more satisfying.” He leaned forward. “One night absorbing a human being’s pleasure can sustain me for several weeks.”
As John watched him walk away, he stretched his shoulder. It was already much better. His eyes drifted down the lines of Sherlock's back. He looked away immediately, scolding himself.
John's hands came up to hold Sherlock's face. "Hey, hey," he said as his thumbs stroked Sherlock's cheekbones. "Look at me, Sherlock. Is this too much?"
"I know." Sherlock stood up. He took hold of John's face with both hands and bent down to look right into John's eyes. "There are no rules, John. All I want is to make you feel good. I won't do anything you don't want me to."
The world shrank down to just his racing heart and his panic. He found himself at his apartment door with little memory of walking home. He struggled to get his key into the lock with trembling hands. When he finally shut himself inside his apartment, he dropped his keys and shopping bag and fell back against the door. He put his hands over his face and slid to the floor.
There was a man standing over him now. He dropped to his knees next to Sherlock. He was saying something.
After a long moment, John decided that words were overrated. He shoved both hands into Sherlock’s hair and pulled him down into a kiss. It was John’s last chance to convince Sherlock to return to him - and perhaps it was their last kiss. So John put everything he had into it. He balanced tenderness with passion and reverence with heat. He drew Sherlock in and kept him suspended in a delicious freefall, pulling back just a moment too soon to leave Sherlock aching for more. He brushed two final feather-light kisses against Sherlock’s beautiful mouth.
When John finally had Sherlock's clothes off, he tipped him back onto the bed. His fair skin glowed in the faint light.
John rushed to the bed and gently pushed Sherlock back down. "No, no, no. You're going to stay here and rest."
Sherlock turned. His eyes still glowed with the energy he’d absorbed. “On occasion.” He tilted his head. “Exceedingly
John unwound Sherlock's legs from his waist and moved to kneel at his left side. He put his hands back on Sherlock's hips and looked up at his face. Sherlock's eyes were still closed, and his mouth was slightly open. John carefully pulled Sherlock's underwear down and off. Sherlock pulled his knees up to help. John sat back and allowed himself to look for a moment. Sherlock was
Sherlock stood behind John, wrapping his arms around John's waist and slouching down to rest his chin on John's right shoulder. John draped his arms over Sherlock's. They waited quietly for a few minutes, looking down at the darkened Plaza. John couldn't help gasping slightly when the Plaza's Christmas lights came on, outlining the buildings and towers below. Sherlock's arms tightened around him.
After cleaning up, they twined themselves together under the covers. John lazily kissed Sherlock's neck, tangling his fingers in Sherlock's hair.
"I had to stop because... I can't have this be casual with you. I need you to be sure. A one night stand - with you - would break me."
The next chapter will be the final one. (Expect a long, porny epilogue.) Thank you for reading. Positive and/or constructive comments are appreciated!
Sherlock whimpered. "John, John, John!" John ran his tongue over Sherlock's collarbone. Sherlock grabbed John's hair with both hands and dragged his head upward until their mouths met again. He released John's hair and stroked his hands over John's back. He then slid his hands between their bodies and untied John's breeches, loosening them. He continued kissing John deeply. His hands stroked over John's back again before plunging under his waistband and grabbing hold of his arse. John gasped, breaking out of their kiss. Sherlock growled. His fingers clutched at John's arse and pulled his hips down firmly against Sherlock's.
Sherlock made a keening noise as he relaxed, heavy in John's lap. John let go of Sherlock's cock and let his wet hand drop to the side. He stroked his clean hand through Sherlock's hair. "Beautiful."
Sherlock let out a frustrated sigh. "There is a high probability that dating will lead you away from The Work. As that outcome is not acceptable, I must insist that you no longer date." Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest. It was a start. If he could stop John from dating, it would buy him time to work out how to tell John the whole truth of his... predicament.
Sherlock still had one hand on John's arse and the other on his cock. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss to the side of the head. John let out a choked, sobbing sound. Sherlock took the whole head into his mouth, stroking it with his tongue. John was moaning helplessly. He was shaking with the effort of holding himself up. Sherlock used his grip on John's arse to guide John's cock in and out of his mouth. John was crying out incoherently. Sherlock felt him get even harder. John tried to pull back, obviously at the edge of orgasm. Sherlock refused to let go, pulling John deeper into his mouth. John's body arched as he came. Sherlock swallowed, still not letting go.
“Careful! Careful, Sherlock, she’s crowning,” John said, and gentled Sherlock’s movements by squeezing his hand. He took Sherlock’s other hand, his left one, and guided it low, between his legs, and Sherlock’s fingers brushed against something warm and firm that was not his own flesh. He choked out a noise that sounded very much like a sob and pressed his fingers against their daughter’s head, slick and soft and emerging from his body.
that Sherlock, in a drug-induced haze, forgot to insist on a condom, the man hadn't realised he was pregnant until after he'd settled in at his auntie's farm in late September. By that time, he was far enough removed from London and the ability to have an abortion that he would have to suffer through the pregnancy and give the child up for adoption upon its birth; he neither wanted the child nor felt himself capable of caring for it on his own. As much as he loathed the idea, he wouldn't be able to care for the sheep herd by himself, either, though when his auntie had died mere weeks after he moved in she'd left him more than enough inheritance money to pay someone to do the work for him. God knew he'd need assistance; he was having enough trouble walking out to pasture to care for the beasts as it was, and he still had five months left.
He pushed again with the next contraction and the burning got worse, until he was certain he was shouting with the pain. It went white-hot and unbearable, but a second later the burning abated and he felt a strange weight and pressure.
Sherlock stared for a moment longer, then shifted to lay on his back. "Don't apologise," he murmured at last. "I like it."
Sickening emotion spreads cold and painful through John's insides as he watches Sherlock lift his hand, rest it on the loose, empty skin over his stomach, and let his eyes drift shut again.
“You could have been more obvious about it,” Sherlock murmured to his belly, putting both hands on the surface. “I nearly slept through it.”
“Nice little tum,” John complimented, his hand joining Sherlock’s with a gentle pat. Sherlock preened, humming. “Even starting to get a little round. More water?”
Sherlock cursed. John was right. As worrying as it was to be alone in this house in labor, they would be at much more risk if they drove and got stuck on a back road. “Send a text,” Sherlock said at last. “From your mobile, and mine. To Mycroft, or anyone else you can think of. Tell them where we are and what’s happening. When we get a signal, the texts will send, and whoever gets them can call an ambulance for us. Or something. It’s the best we can do,” he said, and then paused for a minute. “Actually, there’s one other thing we can do.”
want to be induced,” he said crossly, pulling on another shirt. It covered more than the first one had, which at this point was all he could ask for. The stretch waistband of his trousers was folded over three times in hopes of staying up.
"After we bond, you won't have your first excuse, and it's not like there are drug dealers in the rural north of Scotland to supply you."
At the 39-week checkup, the doctor nodded stoically and was ready to schedule Sherlock in, but he refused. “She can still fit to get out?” he’d asked, and she’d replied a hesitant but affirmative yes, and he shook her hand and she left the room.
“I’ve never been so full in my life,” John replied, burping and holding his belly carefully. His t-shirt was tight, too, the hem riding up just like Sherlock’s. “I’m not sure if I can eat anything else.”
“You are a silly little thing,” Sherlock said to the baby. He was pressing one finger into the roundness of his belly and drawing it down his side, and she was chasing the movement with her foot. Once he reached a certain point she would stop and take over with a fist, pressing out against where he pressed in. He knew it was just instinct, an automatic response, but knowing that she was growing and learning and reacting to her surroundings was an endlessly fascinating thought.
He took another sip and made a noise of pain. Two more long swallows and the water was gone and Sherlock was breathless and absolutely stuffed with food. His belly crested forward, pale and rock solid under his palms. It jutted out obscenely, stretching his skin until he could see pale blue veins beneath his skin. He touched the top of it where it nearly came to a point, and hissed at the pain of even that light touch. He wasn’t sure he could stand up if he tried.
“Happy Christmas,” he replied, his hands warm on Sherlock’s shoulders. “I think it’s stopped snowing, so hopefully the plows will be out soon and we can go into town.”
. Sherlock moans around the soft weight of John's cock in his mouth and redoubles his efforts. For a minute, John manages to convince himself it's okay. This is alright. It's just a little hair-pulling, a little cocksucking. But it's plain from the sinewy twist of Sherlock's body that he's interested in more. And John...can't do that for him. He just can't stomach it.
“If you’re more comfortable changing, do it now,” John replied gently, running their joined hands over Sherlock’s stretched middle. “Or whenever you want, really. There’s no deadline for it.”
“Hard to believe we’re going to be parents within the next two months,” John said, holding Sherlock’s hand and leading him down a beaten path past some dogwood trees. “I mean, the evidence is all pointing in that direction, but it seems like it was only a few weeks ago when you told me we were going to have a baby. Now we’re down to a few weeks until she’s here.”
"Sherlock, are you okay? What's wrong?" John rushed to Sherlock's side and put a comforting hand on his back, rubbing in small circles. Sherlock jerked but didn't move away.
her in his hands; he pulled her out and up and laid her on his swollen belly where she’d been only moments before and she opened her mouth wide and sucked in a big breath and cried so loud for them that Sherlock started crying too.
John nodded and picked up his glass, standing up with a quiet grunt. “I believe it does,” he said, raising the glass to his lips and chugging. Sherlock watched with admiration as John downed the glass in one go, and then realized that meant he had to finish his glass, too. He started before John had a chance to tell him to drink, and by the time the glass was empty his stomach was smarting. He rubbed frantically to ease the ache.
“We send her fingerprints to them, and they engrave it on the spoon - and then we have a record of her fingerprints, just in case. Molly, that’s very thoughtful. Thank you.” Sherlock carefully folded the certificate and put it back in the box. He didn’t even mention that fingerprinting as a means of identification is nearly obsolete - DNA is far more reliable - but John had drilled into him that with baby gifts, it’s often the thought that counts.
For long minutes Sherlock strained, working his baby further and further into his stretched canal and sobbing in pain. For every protest that he couldn't do it, John had three reasons why he could, and every time, Sherlock relented and pushed again. Finally, John could see the baby's head emerging, a patch of wet hair showing through the stretching skin. "Burns!" Sherlock cried, and reached his hands down over the bulge of his stomach to try and soothe the burning pain he felt there. John's hands met Sherlock's scrabbling fingers, squeezing them gently.
He couldn't do this, couldn't do it on his own. His body needed an Alpha, and the Alpha it had chosen was sleeping out in the barn, entirely unaware of Sherlock's need.
"Sure, sure," John said, and shucked off his coat to sit down at the table. "If it moves during lunch, would you…I mean, could I feel it? From outside?"
John watched closely as Sherlock put the milk back and sat at the table. “I’m not sure you have either, love,” he said. Sherlock had gotten truly large with this baby, and it was taxing him more than John had expected it would. “We’ll see what your doctor thinks today. Maybe she’ll want you induced, if she thinks Tess is too big.”
"I want you to believe me on this. I already love your baby, Sherlock, and even though part of me wishes it was mine, another part tells me that it doesn't matter genetically whose DNA combined to make the baby. It's who raises it that matters."
John finished putting Cara’s shoes on and shook his head. “Alright, but we’re not going far,” he said.
"The first thing you should know is that sheep are not friendly. You will be hard pressed to 'pet' one," Sherlock explained, and in demonstration took a step towards a near-standing pack of sheep. One let out a bleat and the small pack scattered, disappearing into the large flock. "It is best to do a cursory look first, for overall body condition - you'll see that these are well fed, not too thin or too fat. In a months' time, the grasses will stop providing enough nutrients, and we - well, you and Victor - will herd them in closer so they can be supplemented with grain. Any questions?"
“Yeah,” John agreed. “He really is. If there’s two things you excel at, it’s catching murderers and making bloody gorgeous babies.” He sat on the bed next to Sherlock.
“More sticky than hot,” Sherlock said, shoving John off him and drawing his finger through a string of it that crossed his chest. “Alright, you made that mess. You can clean it up,” he said, making a face.
“Right, that. If we’re prepared down to the hair bows, I think we’re about as prepared as we can be.”
At that, John did look a little sheepish. “Yes, well. If she decided she wanted to arrive while we were on holiday, I wanted to at least know they would be able to take you in. The nurse thought we were insane for going on holiday when you’re past due, and I honestly had no argument.” John offered Sherlock a little grin. “I would say this isn’t the most insane thing we’ve done, really, though it probably ranks pretty high.”
“Tess,” Sherlock said, standing in front of the bedroom mirror with his hands at his sides, “it’s time to come out.” He turned to the side and pulled up his shirt. She was laid out as much as she could be inside him, and he looked mind-bogglingly huge.
At half seven, the big cat waddled to his box and laid down. John followed him, staying close even though he knew the serval could take care of himself. He petted Sherlock’s head softly until Sherlock nudged his hand away. John nodded and kept his hands to himself, murmuring encouragements.
“You’re kidding.” John set his coffee down, and cursed himself - there were no ripples in the black liquid to bely a tremor. “Sherlock, are we really? Are you —“
“Not unbearable. Worst when she stretches. Hasn’t done much of that the past few days, though. I think she’s realized it’s not really getting her anywhere.” He caressed his bump softly, a gentle smile on his lips.
"Milking stool," Sherlock explained, frowning as he tried to tug the leather straps closed across his middle. "It was auntie's, it's much easier than three-legged stools. But it's not fitting very well as of late," he muttered, finally managing to fasten the leather under his small belly. He waved a hand and John gave him one bucket, and Sherlock settled easily down, balancing on the single rod and curved plank and supported by both his legs. "You watch for a few minutes, then you can start milking Marjorie."
The appointment was over soon after that, and Sherlock re-dressed, pulling a pair of elastic waist trousers up over his growing belly. “We’re going to have to think of names, now that we know just who we’ve got in there.” He laid a hand gently on his middle, feeling the baby flutter inside him.
He is whispering something. John can’t hear it, until suddenly he does: it’s her name, over and over, a litany of “Violet, Violet, Violet,” and he realizes they haven’t said it once, neither one of them, not since it happened. He doesn’t know if he’s even heard it out loud. He’s looked away from where it’s been written, on the box and the birth certificate and the memorial, and walked carefully around it in his memory without even realizing it. The tightness in John’s throat swells into an ache. He wipes at his face with a shaking hand and finds it comes away wet.
“Do you think he’s an alright addition?” Sherlock asked teasingly. “I’m not sure we can take him back if you don’t like him.”
John smiled and kissed his mate once more, and this time Sherlock relented and returned his affections a bit begrudgingly. “You’ll come round to the idea of a house full of children once you’ve got this one in your arms. If it’s anything like you, it’ll charm you into the idea of a little brother or sister as soon as it’s able to talk.”
“I think I can officially call this a belly now,” Sherlock said after the potatoes were gone. He set the dish aside with a clunk. His t-shirt was clinging to his sides and riding up over his middle. His skin and stomach felt so tight, like a balloon filled to bursting. Even his lungs ached from the effort of breathing. “God, John.”
"Tomorrow, we'll make butter. We have a calf to feed, however, draw out enough to fill this bottle." Sherlock handed John a white bottle and pointed to the spout, and then rose as he stacked the last of the cartons up again. John filled the bottle with milk and handed it to Sherlock, who snapped on a rubber nipple and led the way out of the milk house again.
Mary was drinking from Sherlock's breast as contentedly as Maisie had suckled from her bottle when John arrived back inside, perching on the sofa next to Sherlock to watch as his mate fed their daughter. She was cleaned up and a little less wrinkled than she had been the night before, but was every bit as beautiful as she had been when she was brand-new and bloody. "How's our little lamb doing today?" John cooed, brushing a finger down her tiny soft cheek.
John startled awake when the carriage came to a halt. He squinted out in the dark, trying to figure out where they were through his sleepy, half-drunk haze, and finally looked across at Sherlock, who was barely maintaining his composure. “D’jou get us home?” he asked, slightly incredulous. He fished for his hat and put it on his head, halfway cocked to the side.
However, when Joanna brings James into the house and the baby reaches for Sherlock, laughing, Sherlock’s evaluative gaze lands on Jo and she grins sheepishly. “It’s early days yet,” she says, “So you stay hush.”
Two weeks ago, John had set up the rocking chair and called Sherlock up to take a look. Sherlock had been cross at the prospect of mounting the stairs, gravid as he was. But when he finally came up, opened the door, and saw the room, his dark mood melted away into an expression of blissful amazement. It brought a grin to John’s face that spread and spread until he was beaming, laughing, cupping his hands over the swell of Sherlock’s stomach and kissing him until they were both laughing.
“He isn’t wrong, darling, though I’m not sure whose condition is more fragile right now,” she said, glancing downward at Sherlock’s middle. “But either way, we are positively delighted to see you, and so glad you were able to make it even in your state.”
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "You've no objections to bonding for life with an Omega who has a history of drug abuse, is pregnant with a stranger's child, and doesn't take social cues?"
"Fine, but Marjorie's not giving as much milk as usual. I don't know what's wrong, she seems to be eating fine." John took off his coat and wellies and stepped into the kitchen, wrapping his arms around Sherlock from behind and sliding his hands around Sherlock's middle.
“She’s a good size for a twin,” John agreed. “Now let’s see about that sibling of hers, shall we?” He moved back onto the bed, situating himself behind Sherlock once more.
Sherlock was standing, back hunched, with a small glistening bag at the lips of his vulva. He shook minutely, his rear legs spread. “Sherlock?” John asked, and Sherlock’s ears and tail twitched.
Crowning felt the same as it did last time - that deep itch being scratched, but like being stretched wide from a massive knot. This baby’s head was bigger, and for several minutes Sherlock strained, gasping, trying to shove it out. He could hardly keep still, rocking his hips desperately, doing everything he knew how to deliver the baby. He reached out and gathered the baby close to his chest, still letting her nurse. John reached over and rubbed Sherlock’s other nipple, and Sherlock gasped and jerked and finally the second baby’s head emerged fully, the weight of it hot against Sherlock’s thigh.
His eyes flew wide and he gasped and came hard when he felt the stretch of his rim. The orgasm came like a punch to the gut, spurred on by the pressure and incremental stretch as John’s knot expanded. Through his haze, Sherlock could see that John seemed as shocked as he was, and he only managed a few more haphazard thrusts before his knot caught and he came with a choked-off sound.
“James William, we thought,” Joanna said, and Sherlock did start crying, then, holding his grandson and namesake in his arms. “Oh, mum...”
“Just lucky, I guess,” John replied, nipping Sherlock’s lip before pulling back and looking him in the eyes. A little bolt of affection hit Sherlock in the chest as he stared into his mate’s deep blue eyes. “Ha. Love you,” John said, kissing him more gently this time.
"Cor, I didn't even know anyone lived there anymore," the bartender replied, raising an eyebrow as he read the ad. "It's the old Baker place, I don't know who lives there now. Let me know if you find out," he finished, and slid John's receipt under the basket.
“She moved,” Sherlock said. “Look.” He hauled himself up, pulled his shirt up over the bump, and turned to the side, running his finger along the bottom of his belly to show John how the baby had shifted. “She’s deeper in, now. I woke up when she did it. It feels awful,” he said honestly. He’d been unable to totally shake the way this new position made him feel like he needed to drop to his knees and spread his legs wide - something about the way she was positioned inside him made him feel like his hips needed to be splayed as far open as he could get them.
John sighed contentedly at the delicious feeling of being clean, in a real bed, being held close by his love. They both closed their eyes and were asleep within minutes.
John took his hand away, causing Sherlock to make a bereft little noise. Then Sherlock's eyes widened as John put his hand to his own mouth, licking it. John dropped his wet left hand back down onto Sherlock's cock. Sherlock moaned and squeezed his eyes closed, his back arching again. John put his right hand on the bed and leaned onto it, holding his body above Sherlock's and capturing his mouth again in a searing kiss.
Sherlock thrashed under John as he began coming. He broke away from the kiss, crying out loudly and uncontrollably. John held out as long as he could, watching Sherlock shake and shudder and cry through his orgasm, before coming so hard himself that he collapsed onto Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock tipped his head and looked intently into John's eyes. "Why in the world did you think I'd even
As John took the bowl back, his fingers brushed against Sherlock's. He felt a jolt of electricity rush through his body. Sherlock was looking up at him with that amused expression again. John quickly cleaned the bowl and put it away. He put his cloak on and turned to Sherlock.
The prince stared right back. Then he let out an exasperated sigh. He dropped his head into his hands. "I had to fall into the path of the only man in a hundred mile radius who
Sherlock reached out blindly to find John's other hand. When he found it, Sherlock pulled it onto his own head and put John's fingers in his hair. John was completely lost in pleasure. He let his hand rest lightly on Sherlock's head. Sherlock pulled off just long enough to say, "Pull, John!" He went back down.
John finally relaxed, grinning back. "Maybe later." He put both his hands into Sherlock's hair and pulled him into a scorching kiss.
John ducked his head, his cheeks going a bit pink. He stopped the wagon outside a merchant's shop. "This one looks like it should have the salted pork. Do you want to stay up here in the seat, or get down?"
"Yes, sir!" John grinned again. The two guards rode past the house and over the hill. As soon as they passed from sight, John ran up the hill after them. He slowed as he approached the crest of the hill to avoid making too much noise. He watched the riders until they crested the next hill and went out of sight.
Sherlock smiled warmly and set the dog tags back down on John's chest. He pushed John's shirt farther back on his shoulders. "Will it hurt you if I touch your shoulder?
He hitched Beau up again. They drove until dusk began to fall and stopped in a little grove of trees in an isolated area.
John went back into the bathroom. Sherlock had made quite a lot of noise. John knew he couldn't really hold Sherlock responsible this time, but it did worry him.
After what must have been an hour at the rail, Sherlock was finally confident that he didn't have anything else to bring up. He allowed himself to stumble back and sit down. He slumped forward. Standing at the rail hadn't done his leg any favours. It throbbed mercilessly. After a moment, Sherlock lifted his head to check on John. John was still crumpled on the deck. Sherlock wanted to help him, but was in no position to be able to. He let his head drop back down.
Sherlock took him farther in and stroked the underside of his cock with his tongue. John gripped the edge of the table with one hand. He moaned, bending forward over Sherlock. He put his other hand on the back of Sherlock's head, his fingers tangling in Sherlock's hair.
When they were finished eating, John helped Sherlock lie down, raising his leg onto the higher part of the makeshift mattress. He put Sherlock's cloak over him. He untied the fur coverlet from his pack and put that over Sherlock as well. He pushed the covers off Sherlock's leg. "The cold air will help with the swelling, my darling."
John had tossed his bow and quiver to the floor and was already throwing Sherlock's pack onto his shoulders. "They're coming! Two guards on horseback! I saw them coming over the hill on the other side of the stream!"
John's voice was tight. "I'll be doing some baking this afternoon. I'll keep as quiet as possible so you can rest."
"Yes," John said, his expression brightening a little. "A gesture or code word that I can use to tell you I love you. And that you can use to tell me."
"My brother is a musician as well. He's employed in Hamburg. I'm hoping to get his assistance in finding new employment."
He nodded weakly and headed for the elevator. He focused hard on keeping his composure as he drove home.
Sherlock grinned at John. "Yes." The held up his left hand. He tapped his third finger three times. "I love you, John."
"Hey." John put his forehead against Sherlock's. "You're not going to mess anything up. I'm not going anywhere." He kissed Sherlock gently. Sherlock melted against him.
Mike didn't say anything yet. He hugged John for a long time. "John, we've been best friends our whole lives. I'm not sure how I'll go on without you, but I am sure that I'll never forget you."
"Okay," John whispered. He got out of Sherlock's car and quickly got into his own car. As he watched Sherlock drive away, he realized he was shaking. He folded his arms on top of the steering wheel and dropped his forehead against them.
Sherlock swiped at his eyes and looked up at him. "Did you bring any clothes apart from your uniform?"
John grinned. “Third, we are the only incubi to approach the human we’ve chosen in public rather than manifesting in their bedroom uninvited. This is my innovation, and Sherlock is still skeptical, but I’d imagine you appreciate a conversation and a choice rather than an ambush.”
John sat up after a moment. "I'm going to go back to the cellar to gather some things. I need to pack a bag."
John’s arms strained against his bonds as his heart ached with the need to wrap them around the astonishing creature in his lap and hold him closer. Sherlock moved his hands onto John’s shoulders. He traced his way down John’s arms and over the ropes to interlock their fingers. John thought his heart would crack open. He held on to Sherlock’s hands for all he was worth, and Sherlock kissed him as though the world was ending.
John let his eyes close and his head drop back. He pushed his hips up, thrusting into Sherlock's hand to meet his strokes. "
The music was lovely. John listened as it ebbed and flowed. He tried to pay attention to the music, but over the next forty minutes he was mostly gazing at Sherlock and daydreaming.
John smiled back. He handed Sherlock his water and put the food between them. They ate slowly, quietly.
Holmes is also well known as a composer. His works have been performed extensively throughout the world. He is best known for an unaccompanied violin work, 'Watershed,' which he premiered in recital at Unity Temple in 1979. Holmes is famously unforthcoming with details of the personal inspiration for his works, but it has been suggested by sources close to Holmes that the piece deals with the Plaza flood of 1977 and its impact on Holmes and Watson and their fledgling relationship.
Sherlock grabbed at John's shoulders. "No, let me, let me," he said. "Come up here where I can reach you."
Greg was looking back and forth between them like he was at a tennis match. He interjected, “You two are a couple, then, and you’re looking for a third.”
Sherlock looked stricken. "I'm so sorry, John. Give me a moment to dress. I'll help you." He started to sit up, wincing.
John felt Sherlock grow impossibly harder in his mouth. Sherlock was trying to speak. "J-John... I'm..." John squeezed Sherlock's arse and sucked harder. Sherlock's body went completely rigid as he came in John's mouth. He gasped and went silent. He wasn't breathing. John swallowed around him. As his orgasm subsided, Sherlock's body sagged and he began panting again. He continued stroking through John's hair with a trembling hand. "
Sherlock took the gold ring out of the box. "My father's wedding ring. When Mycroft died last year, it passed on to me. It would mean the world to me if you would wear it."
John's body relaxed, going so limp he almost fell onto Sherlock. Sherlock finally released him. John pushed back from the wall on trembling arms, sliding back into the bed next to Sherlock. "Oh, God,
Sherlock bent down and looked into John's eyes. "I wouldn't ask you to go if I didn't think you'd be welcome. I've already talked to them."
John couldn't help smiling back. "I enjoyed it too, Sherlock. Thank you for dinner." He extended his hand.
Sherlock returned the half-smile. He and John silently watched the land getting closer. When they were close enough to see people moving around, John dragged himself up with a groan and went to the railing. Sherlock watched John's face as he watched the crew on the ship and the dock workers. Under the pallor of his seasickness, Sherlock could see a hint of the beautiful expression of wonder John had worn when they first set sail. He smiled faintly.
John's mouth fell open, a low groan escaping him as a heavy throb of arousal rushed down between his legs. He finished rinsing his hair and opened his eyes.
John looked into Sherlock's eyes. He bent down. Without breaking eye contact, he held Sherlock's cock steady and dragged his tongue from the root to the tip. Sherlock cried out, his head falling back onto the bed. John's tongue circled the head of his cock. Then, in one smooth motion, he took Sherlock all the way in.
He kissed John again, pushing him gently onto his back. He broke the kiss so he could bend down and lift John's legs onto the bed, repositioning him to make sure he was comfortable. Then he climbed onto the bed over John's body and straddled his hips. John's eyes were wide as he stared up at him. Sherlock lowered his hips and let his weight rest on John's body. John's eyes closed and his mouth opened. Sherlock could feel John's arousal. He followed his instincts and ground his arse down on John's cock. John gasped loudly and his eyes flew open. He grabbed Sherlock's lapels again and pulled him into a searing kiss.
John took the glass. Sherlock held up an Aleve capsule. Warmth flooded John's heart as he took the pill from Sherlock's hand. "What's this?"
They sat in a small booth. Sherlock propped his violin against the wall next to him. A cheerful waitress came to take their order. She beamed at Sherlock. "Is that a violin?"
John laid his cane on the ground next to him and gripped Sherlock's forearms. The knee he'd put down on the sidewalk was in fact protesting violently, but he didn't want to let on. "If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do it right, baby."
John brushed his lips gently over Sherlock's and laid down next to him. Sherlock rolled to his side and put his hand on John's hip. His fingers were trembling. He looked into John's eyes and tucked his fingers into the waistband of John's briefs. John nodded, and Sherlock took them off of him, sitting up to get them off John's feet.
." He surrendered, his hands now roving over Sherlock's body. He brought both hands up into Sherlock's hair and pulled him into a deep kiss. Then, still holding Sherlock's hair, he pulled back and grinned wolfishly. Sherlock shuddered.
, I love you." He slid his clean hand under Sherlock's shirt and robe and wrapped his arm around Sherlock's back. He held him tightly and listened to Sherlock's heart as it gradually slowed its frantic pace.
John blushed. He looked down and kept washing. When he was finished, he put on clean underclothes and a fresh shirt. He blew out the candle and started getting into his own bed.
Mike shook his head. "I won't pretend to understand, but if this makes you smile like that, I'll help you any way I can."
"I think I'll get down. If you don't object, I may ride in the back afterward so I can keep my leg up."
Mike started turning red from stifling his laughter. Sherlock had his hand over his mouth. His shoulders were shaking and he wasn't looking at John.
John rocked slightly in Sherlock's arms, shifting the pressure against their erections. Their kiss faltered as they both moaned in response to the movement. John kissed and licked his way down Sherlock's jaw and neck. He continued rocking, keeping the motion small to avoid hurting Sherlock.
John froze, the shirt still in his hands as he looked at Sherlock. The firelight was glowing and dancing over Sherlock's skin. He was looking up at John, the firelight mingling with the heat in his eyes. John had never seen anything so beautiful. Sherlock put a hand against John's cheek. "All right?" he asked quietly.
John stirred next to him. He made a quiet little groan. Sherlock watched him stretch slightly and open his eyes. John smiled when he saw Sherlock looking at him. He spoke very softly. "Good morning, beautiful."
John shuddered. He looked into Sherlock's eyes, already lost. Sherlock put a hand on John's arse and pushed him higher. John crawled forward again. He rose up on his knees and leaned on the wall. Sherlock used the hand on John's arse to guide his hips down. Finally, finally, John's cock was at Sherlock's mouth.
John's cheeks flushed hot. "Come on," he said. "I'll take you back to the Music Hall to get your car. I think that was enough excitement for one night." He smiled at Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Then his brow furrowed. "Wait - why are you so good at that? You said you weren't gay!"
Sherlock sat back, offended. “You don’t seriously expect me to present myself like a show dog, do you, John?”
Sherlock's eyes widened in concern. He dropped his notebook and pen on the bench so he could reach out and grab at John. "John, no! Your knees!"
A low growl came from John's throat. He tugged at Sherlock's hair and ground his hips down again. Sherlock arched his back as John tugged his head back, tipping his chin up and exposing his neck.  John attacked Sherlock's neck, nipping and licking at it. Sherlock was trembling and gasping beneath him. He pulled at John's shirt, trying to take it off.
Sherlock smiled at John. "You've done a better job of it than I ever could, John. I'd be lost without you."
John looked down at his wrist. He stroked his fingertips over Sherlock's watch. 8:10. Late enough that Sherlock will definitely be awake, early enough that he won't have left for work yet. John steeled himself and got to his feet.
Sherlock pushed his right leg outward and took hold of his left boot. He pulled his foot closer to his body. He took a deep breath before pulling his boot off. His teeth dug into the leather glove as he suppressed a scream. Sherlock gingerly rolled his stocking down and stared at his leg in the moonlight, panting around his glove. The skin was unbroken, but turning livid shades of red and purple. His leg was becoming more swollen with each passing minute. Sherlock was not going to be able to put his boot back on anytime soon. He rolled his stocking back up and dropped the glove out of his mouth.
Sherlock yielded and relaxed back into the bed. The two men stared at each other. Sherlock's eyes burned into John's. "We could share it. If you would like to."
John chuckled and slipped his suit coat off. He tossed it on the floor and started opening his shirt buttons.
"No, not comparable at all." Sherlock wrapped his hand around the tags again. "These are worth more to me than all the Patek Philippes in the world."
John had been hard enough to bend steel for what seemed like hours. He was desperate to come, but at the same time he never wanted this to end. He’d had partners that were skilled at this.
When Sherlock had finished talking, John took Sherlock's hand in his. He pulled it to his mouth and kissed it. "Thank you."
John pulled back and wiped the tears off Sherlock's face. Sherlock smiled radiantly and gently brushed a tear off John's cheek. "Help me up, John. Let's see what we can do to save your photos."
. John gently pulled away and lifted Sherlock's head with both hands so he could see him. Sherlock's eyes were cast down. "Hey," John said quietly. Sherlock finally met his eyes. "We're just going to make each other feel good, remember?"
John's heart leapt at the sight. He'd been feeling guilty, afraid he had aggravated Sherlock's grief over leaving Apollo behind when he chose Beau.
"Hey!" John said indignantly, turning to see if the man had any idea he'd nearly knocked John down. The man didn't look back. He merely glanced to his right before stepping into the street directly in front of a moving car.
Sherlock nodded and took a sip of water. John slumped down onto the other bed and took a sip himself. They sat quietly for a long time, slowly eating and drinking. The sunlight faded away completely, leaving the candle as their only source of light.
"John." Sherlock nodded his head slightly at his own hand. John looked. Sherlock tapped out their signal. John looked back up. This time his smile reached his eyes. Sherlock looked at John's hand. He smiled when John gave the signal in return. "Go on, John. I'll be here waiting for you."
tea. If you don't understand the difference between real tea and the appalling substance Americans serve in its stead, then I can't help you." Sherlock stood up. "If you'll excuse me for just a moment, I need to make a phone call." He walked toward the pay phone in the cafe's entryway.
John tilted his head toward Sherlock. "Good night, Sherlock," he said. He wasn't actually looking at Sherlock. He tucked his head back down, almost under the cloak.
John tilted his head. "Yeah," he admitted. He let a slow smile spread across his face. "But I don't give a rat's ass."
He leaned in and splayed his hands over John’s chest, stroking him just a bit too aggressively. John gasped at the contact on his bare skin. He shuddered hard.
Guilt and pain shot through John's heart when he heard Sherlock's voice, but he couldn't stop. It was all he could do to walk away rather than run.
“So, it wouldn’t hurt you if I -“ John was already moving forward. His hand was reaching out almost of its own accord.
John closed his eyes, willing the tears not to fall. He stood with his forehead against the door for several minutes. He considered using his key, but ultimately decided to give Sherlock his space.
“But I’d like to.” John rested his hand over Sherlock’s heart. His skin was still flushed and blood-hot. John looked up into his glowing green eyes.
Sherlock sighed and squeezed John tightly before letting go and sitting up straight. "Fine. Let's go."
John made his way down the sidewalk. The weather wasn't excessively hot, and there were more people on the Plaza than usual. John noticed a man weaving through the crowd, moving quickly in his direction. The man was tall, dark-haired, and quite... striking, actually. As John watched, the man darted around a slow-moving couple. He then slipped between John and another couple, shouldering John aside without looking at him.
John helped Sherlock up onto the wagon seat. He drove them through the village, stopping several times to purchase items and put them in the back of the wagon. At last, he said, "I'd like to buy some salted pork before we leave, but I think that's the last thing." He turned and looked at Sherlock. "What do you think? Have I forgotten anything?"
John spoke quietly to him. "I'll walk in ahead of you and talk to the innkeeper to distract him. You can go straight through to the back. It's the third room on the left."
Suddenly, Sherlock pinned John's hips to the wall. He pulled off quickly and wrapped his fingers tightly around the base of John's cock.
After several minutes had passed, John managed to find the strength to prop himself up on one elbow. Sherlock stood across the room, facing away. His tail moved in slow, satisfied curls as he laced up his ridiculous leather trousers.
Sherlock smiled a little. He reached out and took John's cock in his hand to steady it. John inhaled sharply. Sherlock leaned down and opened his mouth.
Sherlock pulled back, grabbing John's hips and pinning them to the wall when he tried to follow. John whimpered loudly. He glared at Sherlock. Sherlock held John against the wall firmly. He was panting and trembling, clearly aroused almost as helplessly as John was.
John smiled as he looked up at Sherlock. "Good, Sweetheart. You're doing so well." He was untying his own breeches with his other hand to relieve the pressure on his erection. When he'd finished, he sighed a little in relief. He pushed his hand up Sherlock's thigh and around to clutch at his arse. Sherlock made a keening noise, but didn't let go of the shelves or break eye contact.
Sherlock had a pained expression on his face. John giggled and bailed him out of the conversation. "He is, Miss. He definitely is."
Sherlock had sat up on his heels toward the end of John’s bed, knees spread. His glowing green eyes were fixed on John. He was panting with arousal, clearly near his own peak. Now that he’d resumed breathing, his chest heaved with deep, heavy breaths.
John returned the smile, but it didn't touch his eyes. "You're right. Of course, you're right." John took a deep breath.
. And you are a wonder, Sherlock." John smiled brightly at him. His thumb stroked Sherlock's cheek. "Truly remarkable."
. He let the breath out and hung the rabbit up as though he was about to skin it.  A couple of minutes passed. The riders crested the hill. John watched them take note of the house and come down his direction. He fussed with the rabbit, pretending he was still tying it. When the riders were near, he walked out to meet them.
If John was surprised to find Sherlock clutching at his hair in frustration, he didn't let on. Dear God, how was Sherlock going to do this? He forced himself to relax his fists, drop his hands to his sides, and look at John. "John. I don't want you to go on any more dates."
John sat up fully. “Because I am good at this. Very good. I’ll admit you bowled me over tonight. Give me a chance to get my feet back under me and show you what I can do.”
John was overcome. He lifted his hand and smoothed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "Oh, Sherlock," he whispered. "You are my whole world. I adore you."
They made slow progress, stopping at the top of each hill to let Sherlock rest. John watched as Sherlock's pain steadily increased. Even in the dim moonlight he could see that Sherlock was going grey with it.
Greg was still talking to himself. “I just wanted to have a pint. Maybe find someone nice to play with my dick. Was that too much to ask?”
Sherlock opened one eye. John didn't look angry. Sherlock tentatively opened his other eye and answered John. "You couldn't have kept it yourself through all those battles. And Mike is clearly your closest friend."
"If we are going to do this, I want you to promise to tell me if anything I do makes you uncomfortable."
John grinned. He looked down at Sherlock's hand. Tap, tap, tap. John's heart swelled. He locked eyes with Sherlock, then stepped forward.
The guards kept walking. As their voices faded, Sherlock began to tilt his head up slightly so he could track them. The guards went around the next corner. Sherlock sagged in relief. He put his trembling hands to his face and tried to control his breathing. He was immensely thankful that John hadn't returned while the guards were there.
At last they approached Mike's farm. "There's the barn, Sherlock. You'll be safer if we stop there. I'll go on to the house before dawn to talk to Mike about the horses."
Mike got back into the wagon. He looked back and waved as he drove away. John and Sherlock silently watched until he was out of sight.
." He brought Sherlock's gaze up from his lap to meet John's eyes. "It's you, Sherlock," he said. "It's always been you."
stop!" He closed his eyes. He could feel Sherlock trembling. He took a deep breath and pulled back to look Sherlock in the eye. "Okay. I'm going to finish stitching this cut now. You're going to rest. And we're going to talk about this later when we're calmer. Do we have a deal?"
He tossed the trousers over a chair and was back on the bed caging John in so quickly John didn’t even see him move. John startled hard, gasping in shock.
“He’s a genius,” John said, pointing at Sherlock. “He’s like a mind reader. Knows what you want him to do even before
John chuckled grimly. "I've been wanting to get behind the wheel of that Mustang, but this isn't exactly what I had in mind. I'll be back for dinner. You rest."
Sherlock gave him a relieved smile. "Thank you, John." He leaned in and kissed John lightly. Then he stood up. John stood up as well, following Sherlock to the door.
what you think." He leaned forward onto the table. "Classical music isn't all the same, you know. And it's much more interesting live. I'd like the opportunity to change your mind. Come to one of the concerts this weekend. I think you'll like it. And if you don't, you won't have wasted any money on it because I can get you a comp ticket."
"Well, my medical side was distracted. He's risking a nasty infection injuring himself like that. And the rest of me was
John gathered him into his arms despite the mess between their bodies. He stroked Sherlock's shoulder with his clean hand. Both of them were still trembling. John rested his cheek on Sherlock's hair. His heart felt like it would burst.
"You're so good for me. And so beautiful." John stroked Sherlock once before pressing an open-mouthed kiss against Sherlock's aching cock.
Sherlock did as John said. When he opened his eyes again, the first signs of dawn were appearing. His body was stiff and sore from sleeping against the wall. And sleeping upright hadn't done his leg any favours. He stretched a little, rubbing at his neck.
Sherlock tucked himself under a tree root and made himself as inconspicuous as he could. He draped his drab brown cloak over his body and scattered dry leaves over the cloak before pulling his arms beneath the cloak. He took his hunting knife from his belt. All he could do now was wait. And
John pushed on. “My name is John Watson.” He flexed his hands in the demon’s hair, stroking his scalp even as he used his grip to keep that small distance between them. He raised his eyebrows expectantly.
As the discussion turned to their recent wedding, Watson retrieved a handsome leather-bound wedding album from its place of honor in the center of their extensive bookshelves. As I paged through it carefully, he told me about the intimate group of close friends and family in attendance at the ceremony.
Several minutes later, Sherlock heard heavy footsteps outside the door. They stopped directly outside. Sherlock instinctively put his hand on his knife.
." Sherlock's arm tightened around John's waist. "I feel the same way about you. You're incredible. And you have the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen."
Sherlock smiled briefly. His face became serious again. "You should think this over for a while before you say anything to your mother. I don't want you to make a rash decision and regret it."
, John! Just give her a chance. You're my only hope for grandchildren! It's too late for your sister!"
"Yes, I know." Sherlock tucked his head back down on John's shoulder. John wrapped his arms around him.
." John's eyes were full of fire. He pulled Sherlock into a brief, bruising kiss. "I'll come back for you when they're gone."
He got out and slammed the car door, giving it a kick for good measure. He stalked back into his apartment, throwing his keys down. He took a deep breath, attempting to calm down as he dialed Sherlock's number.
Sherlock lifted his bow and drew a single high note. John's heart stopped. He hadn't known it was possible to put so much beauty and emotion into a single note. Sherlock continued, weaving a melody and returning to that single note again. And again. The rest of the orchestra was quiet, with only a harp player supporting Sherlock's melody. John was frozen in place, completely transfixed.
As soon as John locked the apartment door behind them, Sherlock tightened his grip on him and pulled him toward their bedroom. John couldn't stop smiling. "Where are we going?"
John blinked. He pulled his hands off of Sherlock like he'd been burned. He staggered back a step. "I'm sorry! I shouldn't have put my hands on you like that! I'm sor-"
a mind reader. It’s the fastest way to explain it, Mr. ‘Get on with it!’” He turned to Greg, not quite retreating to his own space. “And he has six thousand years’ experience.”
Over the next three hours John treated a succession of soaking-wet patients. One had a deep cut to his leg which he'd sustained while wading through waist-deep water. Another had nearly drowned when her car stalled. John stitched up a man who'd been standing too close to his front window when it gave way. The pit of his stomach ached with worry for Sherlock, but the patients kept coming through the door. John kept his head down and took care of them.
) wrapping his arms around him. He captured John's mouth in a searing kiss as he moved his hands over John's body, settling one in John's hair and the other on his arse. He shoved John backward, crowding him against the opposite pillar.
John had entered through the kitchen door. He must have been looking for a safe place to set the the food. (He wouldn't find one.) He brought the bag into the sitting room, where Sherlock was still frozen.
“As you have certainly already realized, I have been tracking you for some weeks now. I choose my quarry carefully, and I have no doubt that should you accept my offer of a sexual encounter it will benefit us both. Most humans who enjoy males find my form pleasing,” he said, pushing his shoulders back slightly in an obvious (effective) ploy to draw John’s eyes to his lightly muscular chest.
John couldn’t help but wonder if he’d imagined the entire encounter, particularly because the man was the most stunningly beautiful person he’d ever seen.
The exquisitely sculpted creature loomed over John, caging him in with his body. John instinctively tilted his face up, expecting to start with a kiss. The incubus dipped down, nuzzling into John’s neck instead. He inhaled deeply, taking in John’s scent and responding to it with a soft growl.
Sherlock got to his feet, brushing hay off of his clothes and fussing with his hair. John grinned at him. "Come on."
John gasped deeply. He clutched at the wall as though he could grip it for balance. His knees quivered, threatening to buckle. Sherlock hadn't broken eye contact. His eyes burned into John's. John moaned quietly. "Oh, God,
Sherlock shook his head as he stood up unsteadily, tied his breeches, and found his shirt. "I'm going to choose a bottle of wine for tonight."
Sherlock and John laid in the bed quietly for several minutes. Sherlock's leg was throbbing from his flight to the cellar. He considered John's plan. It was as sound a plan as any. It wouldn't be pleasant for Sherlock to walk ten miles, but he didn't want to stay here waiting for his brother's men to find them. He spoke quietly. "John, I think we should leave at sundown. I'll be slow, but I can walk the ten miles. I can do anything if it means the chance to be with you."
Sherlock's hands came up to stroke John's upper arms, before moving to his back. John shuddered at the feel of Sherlock's hands on his bare skin. He pushed his remaining fears aside and reached for Sherlock's vest buttons. When he had the vest open, he went after Sherlock's shirt buttons.
The firelight was dancing in John's eyes as he gazed at Sherlock. "You are the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen, Sherlock." He pulled the fur coverlet over Sherlock to keep him warm and began removing his own clothes. Sherlock watched him intently. He seemed to glow in the firelight.
Sherlock led John down a stairwell and into the underground parking. They were alone. Sherlock walked over to a black Mustang, opened the door, and put his violin behind the driver's seat. He shut the door and leaned against the car. He crossed his arms, raised his eyebrows, and looked pointedly at John.
Sherlock cried out loudly and pushed his hands down to John's ass, grabbing it and forcing John down against him even more tightly. "John," he groaned as John nipped at his neck.
John shook his head. Remarkable. But he was still livid. "You put yourself in danger over it. You could have just told me not to keep the pork. You didn't need to charge in and start a screaming match."
“I know that, Sherlock, I’m a doctor! That’s not what this is. Something else is at work here.” He could feel Sherlock’s heart beating heavily under his palm. “When you held my hands, I-“
John slid his arms around Sherlock's waist. "You, Sherlock. Always you. Only you." He pulled their bodies together. "I was thinking about the way you looked last night. The way you felt."
John stared at Sherlock silently. Then he looked down and away. "Sherlock..." he began. Sherlock saw him take a shaky breath. He could see that John was steeling himself to say something. Perhaps John was going to put up more of a fight than Sherlock had expected. John stood up straight and looked Sherlock right in the eye. "I've already fallen in love with someone."
When Watson retired from medical practice in 2010, he began a second career as an author. His 2012 best-seller, 'Into Battle: A Memoir of the Front Lines of the AIDS Epidemic,' is his chronicle of the AIDS crisis in Kansas City and his efforts to save his patients' lives. Watson was reluctant to discuss the years described in the book, stating, "I'll let the book speak for me on that subject. I did what could. I only wish I could have done more."
John was rock hard. He arched his body against Sherlock's, keening desperately against Sherlock's mouth.
Sherlock fell with the rock, tumbling down toward the stream. He landed on the rocky stream bed in a heap. His left leg folded under his body with the impact, his shin taking the worst part of the hit. There was a sickening crack as his shin was caught between a large rock and the weight of his body. Pain exploded through him and he couldn't contain a yelp before clapping his hand over his mouth in a desperate attempt to be quiet. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut and whimpered into his hand. He put his other hand out and pushed himself over, falling flat on the ground to take his weight off his leg. His whimpers turned into a litany of curses, still muffled by his hand. When he had exhausted his supply of curses in eight languages, Sherlock fell back to whimpering.
