I dropped the letter and nearly ran to embrace him. “My darling,” I whispered as I held his rigid frame. “It has nothing whatsoever to do about ‘deserve.’ It is true that you are not in any sense of the word ‘normal,’ but I am grateful beyond words for that. I thank God every day that you and I came together. I did try ‘normal’ for a bit—as you know—and it was a disaster. No, Sherlock—I love you, and that means every bit of you—even the less-than-loveable bits. I know that you do not intend to be cruel, even when your tongue is biting and wicked. I know that you cannot do anything about your… moods.”
“Yes, and I could not eat or drink for days. I recall touching my lips—they were so very dry that they felt like paper.”
“No. That would attract too much attention. Send Ian. He’s to stay there until he finds out something useful,” Mycroft replied thoughtfully, stirring his own coffee slowly.
“What’s happened?” the nurse demanded. The scene that greeted her when she returned to the room alarmed her. Her patient was slumped over the table, his head on his arms. He was panting, as if he had been exerting himself. The government man—or whatever he was—seated at the head of the glossy dining table had an odd mixture of relief and sadness on his face.
But obviously she is acquainted with every aspect of life, and Belinda’s assistance when she needed to move to her water closet was clearly appreciated.
It was china that I was after—china and crystal and silver. Feeling so very helpless in my banishment, I determined to at least use the time to improve my knowledge of the subject at hand. Even if he had already solved it, I wanted to set in my mind a better grasp of these things. For who knows when the information will be needed again?
“Precisely. So, I marked a few of the recipes of interest and rang the bell. I find that very odd,” she remarked thoughtfully. “I have never in my life had someone for whom to ring, and now I find myself quite dependent upon her for the some of the smallest of things.” I believe she would have blushed decorously if she had been capable of managing that upon command, but our indominable friend is far too pragmatic about the more—well—the realities of life to be so ridiculously modest. How many times has she—a woman who was married and a mother—dealt with the more private functions of life? How many times has she changed the sheets on Sherlock’s bed, bearing evidence of either violence or
As I entered, he looked up from the book he held and smiled so sweetly at me. I wonder—if I got myself a camera, could I ever capture that look on his face? It was no use taking him to a photographic studio, for that expression could never be replicated outside of the privacy of our homely rooms.
She was not completely illiterate, we had discovered. Well, Mrs Hudson had discovered. She knew her letters and could read some basic words; she could sign her name—something she apparently had learned by rote.
I did at that point allow myself to consider the little I knew of the case. Mr. Harper was a bachelor. His maid-of-all-work did not live in. He had a tidy house with a tidy garden—nothing to show the slightest mark of a woman’s touch. This thought brought to my mind some of the more seemingly frivolous decorations with which Mary had festooned the house that we had shared.
I felt positively ill. I fervently kissed his head now, and moved my arms up and down his bony back to assure myself that he was whole and well. “Whatever can you mean?” I finally managed to gasp. “Surely you do not intend to imply that he tried to kill you.”
He was a motionless, vague lump on the bed, still dressed in the dark shirt and trousers he had so cleverly chosen.
So, number three it was, and I put a notice on our front door stating that the position had been filled. I was getting a bit tired of running down the stairs at the sound of the bell.
His miscalculation involved a poorly-thought-out leap from a bridge. His ankle was broken and until it healed he drove me, Mrs Hudson, and Belinda nearly mad.
“I have told you that my father had, for as long as I can remember, expressed dismay at my… my birth.” I knew he was blushing—even after all those years, Sherlock found discussions regarding such matters upsetting. “And that he was probably not, in actuality, my father—in that sense.” That sentence came out all in a rush, as if he wished to get past it as quickly as possible.
John sighed deeply and sunk into his chair. Dinner had been quite good, if he did say so himself, and he had just poured a glass of beer for himself and wine (from Mycroft’s basket) for Sherlock. His mate slumped into his own chair and tasted the ruby red liquid.
Greg was eager to get back to the Yard and review all the files; he would contact the homeowners in the morning to see if… God. What was his name?
“Precisely.” He withdrew an impressive pocket watch from his waistcoat pocket and glanced at it. “I do not have a great deal of time. I will have to make this brief. Yes, it is exactly because of Sherlock’s illness that I am here.
He had been frustrated at first; he had tried tomato ketchup. He had tried steak sauce—and barely tolerated an idiotic story from the idiotic server about how her little daughter thought it was “Al’s” steak sauce rather than “A-1.” Finally, he had tried something called Heinz 57 that was close. Not perfect, but close. It was a simple thing to get white bread or a lovely soft bap—they called it a roll—and very nice bacon, but why in heavens’ name was it so difficult to get proper brown sauce in the U.S.?
which I now possess, and although it makes me faint with disgust, I will lay them out to the authorities so that the proper actions may be taken against the both of you.
The next part was a bit trickier—Mycroft’s entire household staff was well trained—but he was careful and observant. He made his way to the ground floor. No one appeared to be about. He ducked into the kitchen and had to dash for the safety of the pantry as the concealed door that revealed the stairs which led down to Mycroft’s office/bunker soundlessly swung open. One of his brother’s minions—neatly clipped hair, black suit and tie, white shirt, and black sunglasses—appeared and, without a glance around himself, headed out towards the garage. He waited, then crept towards the door, listening intently.
That was for Sherlock’s Daddy to do, and at that moment, Mycroft Holmes was uncharacteristically puzzled over how to reunite the two.
“Are you all right? It was just a new nurse. No one’s going to hurt you,” the woman informed him. “Calm down. Deep breaths. That’s it. I know—your heart is racing and you feel like you can’t breathe. Try to relax. You’re fine. You’re safe.”
“What details?” he demanded suspiciously. His tone encouraged me; his brother had hit on a weakness.
that,” he insisted; I watched him tighten his hold on his legs. “It’s that crimes were committed—a family was torn apart—and all for the sake of some particular elements being put into a particular arrangement. You could arrange… I don’t know… lumps of coal on the brim of a hat—and it is nearly worthless, but if you toss sapphires into the fire and place a ring of gold on your head, you would soon be numb with cold.” He sighed.
“He actually got some sleep last night—I sent him to the guest room, but he had to go into his office quite early—something terribly important from what I could gather.”
I considered my response. I felt that it was terribly important to use exactly the right words—the words that would have the greatest effect. “I would be heartbroken,” I told him, quite honestly. “I would miss you and worry about you dreadfully.”
Sometimes the dreams were very nice—those often happened just before he woke in the morning—and it could be pleasant to remember ivory skin and sinewy muscles; pillow-soft lips and a voice even deeper than usual murmuring encouragement and praise.
I was next to the bed in an instant, smiling down at him. Almost shyly, he handed me one final note:
,” the impatient man hissed. “All the houses that have had burglaries of small, expensive items like those—” he gestured at the bejewelled ring still clenched in the stiffening fingers of the corpse sprawled face-down in front of them— “with which estate agent are they listed?”
Sherlock Holmes is not handsome in a conventional way. His hawk-like nose, gaunt frame, and deep-sunk eyes are nothing like the broad-shouldered and ruddy-cheeked gentlemen that peer out at one from the pages of the popular magazines. He is most certainly no advertisement.
He nodded, and I revelled in the feel of his cheek against my own. As he so often is, he was cold, and I held him even more closely as he shivered. “It reminds me of my own father,” he admitted. “He was a bully, as you put it. Miss Stoner’s injuries are far too familiar to me. We must get her away from that odious creature.”
Gloria signed off on the clipboard and thrust it into Winifred’s hands brusquely. Her perpetual smile was wiped completely off her face—something for which Mrs Parker was rather ashamedly overjoyed. Much to her delight, Sherlock had been an absolute prick to the irritating woman. The housekeeper had already made it perfectly clear to the agency that Gloria would NOT be returning. She hadn’t even needed her boss to tell her to take care of that. Even if he had said not to, she would have, to be honest.
“So… nothing unusual for my brother,” he murmured. “Sherlock, how are you doing today?” he asked him.
He hadn’t even completely moved in yet, but a few weeks back he had gotten a text from his favourite (only) consulting detective informing him that he would probably be relocating—oh, yes, he definitely would be relocating (there had been an hour between texts) to 221B Baker Street within the next few weeks.
He moved like an old man, wobbling a bit, and at one point she reached out a hand to support him as he leaned rather alarmingly to the left. He had flinched, though, so she had pulled her hand back as quickly as she could. She realised then that there was something very, very wrong with him.
And moving far too quickly for someone who was still in such terrible shape, he was suddenly behind his brother’s chair, the knife that lay beside Mycroft’s plate up against his throat.
Between the soup and the fruit, he finally consumed the two women were satisfied that he had gotten enough into him. He seemed to lag a bit at that point.
“John, I admit that I enjoyed doing that, but only in the way I always enjoy fooling people with any of my disguises.”
He is—thankfully—sleeping. I know that it is only the dreams of morphia—but he is resting both body and mind. He has been mostly still since we dosed him. He was sick once, as he so often is when under the influence of laudanum, but has had so little to eat or even drink that he brought up little.
Mycroft thought he heard him attempting to reply, his chapped lips barely moving, but he did not know how to respond, and was thankful when Sherlock fell asleep. He ran his fingers through the dark curls.
smile—one which, even between intimate friends and associates, could not be mistaken for anything other than what it was.
It has been nearly three years. Three years ago—well, it will be three years on the 5th of May—I lost my beloved. After I—extremely reluctantly and every word felt as if I was writing it in my own blood—finished writing what was to be entitled by my publisher “The Final Problem” (which, when considered objectively as an author, was a terrible disappointment in that it somewhat gave away the story before the reader had absorbed my first sentence), I have not had any more of our stories in print. I have written many, and perhaps someday I will have the heart to bring them to my publisher, but at the moment I do not have the fortitude.
“I’ll do it, sir,” Ian offered. “Could you two please hold him steady?” he asked, indicating the two other assistants with a tip of his chin.
“I did note your hat down on the hall rack,” she nodded, bustling over to me (her full skirts hid her feet from me, but I distinctly recall being aware that the usual light tap-tap of the slippers she wore indoors was absent). “I was out myself and a lady in the butcher’s shop came over faint.”
John poked disinterestedly at his dinner—poached fish and a salad. Terribly healthy. Terribly boring. He knew that having pasta three or four times a week was not very good for him, but sometimes he missed penne in a light alfredo sauce.
“Your bill for your new boots reminded me that I need my second-best brown pair mended. Will you please put them by the door so I remember to do so? –Sherlock”
[The doctor displays a rare failing in his usually perfect syntax; he leaves this thought unfinished.]
I knew that there was no need of hot water for a bath. The water in the pitcher on his stand would be tepid, and that was exactly what I desired. I poured some into the bowl and found his sponge. Then I partially unfolded one towel and placed it on the floor. “I should be doing this in the bath-room,” I remarked, “as the linoleum floor is doubtless a better surface for this purpose, but I shall take everything up when we are done and all will be well. Stand there,” I ordered.
It was probably only twenty minutes, but it seemed like hours that they remained behind that closed door. I knew that I could probably overhear their conversation if I listened at the door that adjoined our bedrooms, but I suspected that they would both know if I attempted this. Finally, I determined to interrupt them.
He handed him one of the penguin-wrapped packages. Unable to resist, Sherlock accepted it, giving it a sharp shake. “Puzzle,” he announced, looking bored.
He considered my question quite seriously, nodding. “I’m afraid I did—not intentionally, but I lost my balance and fell back at one point.”
There were two crayoned images with a more primitive look—he likened the style to that of a five-year-old, perhaps—but the content of both was something he fervently hoped no five-year-old would ever encounter. He was not certain which was more disturbing—the one featuring piles of automatic weapons or the one of scattered shapes in shades of red and black.
But for now, he tended to private patients to pay his rent. It wasn’t bad. He didn’t even mind the overnight hours, which many nurses detested. So many of his patients just slept through his shift, and he used the time to study. Tonight, though, he had been warned by the agency that this particular patient had absolutely no concept of night and day, nor of what would be considered conventional hours to wake, bathe, eat, sleep.
He was being very quiet—very still—just observing everything, and Solomon gave him one final, thoughtful look before dropping the capped syringe in his pocket. Maybe this trip would go all right.
He had also had him thoroughly searched—and that was a bit disappointing. He had hidden the scalpel quite well, using it to create a tiny slit in the lining of his jacket and slipping it in, but he had just shoved the handful of syringes in the pocket of the coat he had purchased.
And so we found ourselves in a restaurant nearby to the theatre—apparently accustomed to this sort of evening audience. My poor cousin Albert, who is a bit stupid, I must admit, had gone along with everything happily.
“When that viper… when we discovered that its venom had done its work on that horrible man—is it wicked of me to say that I was not just relieved, but glad of it?”
Greedy hands reached out for the final two gifts, one in silver and the other in gold paper. “Who are these from, Daddy?”
“No, my dear. I will not. I promise.” I seated myself on the bed and divested myself of my coat; my boots. I lay back and embraced him, disregarding the discomfort of my stiff shirtfront, cuffs, and collar. There was nothing that I could say at that moment. He did not need words. He needed me—he needed me to be there. My heart still breaks when I think of him experiencing this horrid feeling on his own. How had he managed? I know that before me, he had no one.
“There was—Lestrade. And… damn…” He swayed, and Matilda took a few steps closer. “Supposed to protect him…. protect them.” His voice was growing rough. “And there was… and our bed and my bee and… and I want to see him. I want to go home.” He nearly fell, and Matilda ably grabbed him by the shoulders. He looked around at her, desperate and afraid. “Home. I have to… go… go home. He… oh, God… thinks I’m dead. Have to see him. Have to… have to fix it… have to…  John!”
Christopher bent his head closer to Matilda’s and dropped his voice. “That’s the most he’s spoken… ever, I think, since I’ve been here,” he explained. “So far, he’s only managed a word or two—parts of words, really. Sometimes he speaks in French or… I don’t even know what other languages, but it’s just bits. That was a sentence—wasn’t it?”
Mycroft spun rapidly around, whipping the hand holding his cigarette behind his back and looking decidedly guilty. “No!” he exclaimed.
“That is a rather strong statement,” I managed. “Mr Holmes is quite eccentric, but he is most certainly not evil.”
She cannot possibly know what a thrill it always is to me when Sherlock grasps my wrist or arm; when he puts his lips so close to whisper to me that they sometimes brush my ear.
His hesitant murmurings were heavenly to my ears. “Am I? How nice. What am I correct about?” I sucked lightly at his neck.
His movements were equally distressing. In his wanderings, if a chair was in his way, he would sometimes step over rather than around it, or push it roughly out of his way. He would seize items from a table or shelf and examine them briefly, but as soon as he lost interest (which was immediately), instead of returning them to their places, he would drop them—not as one deliberately drops an item such as a boot that one has removed, but more as if he had become entirely unconscious that he was holding anything. It was fortunate that the objects he was selecting were for the most part unbreakable—the worst damage was a few crumpled pages of a book, and the pen he discarded rolled under the sofa and did not reappear until Mrs. Hudson cleaned.
) stirred slightly as he shook his head, frowning at first his own plate, then his brother’s. The plate wasn’t even half full, holding just a small serving of chips doused in malt vinegar and one piece of battered and fried fish.
“I am aware of my reaction to certain subjects,” he replied a bit crossly. “That is the point I am attempting to get across. As I do, they display discomfort regarding this particular subject, but not on any other.”
I was silent, realising that the subject that I had rather facetiously introduced had changed into something quite serious and close to my love’s heart.
It seemed harmless, and she would rather have her panting after a genius than some idiotic boy band singer. She would probably pass out cold if she knew who her mother was tending to. She was relieved that she had signed the confidentiality agreement; it would save a lot of arguing later.
This time, once he was outside, instead of heading for a hidden bit of wall, he went directly for the gate. He had once again dressed himself, deliberately choosing the darkest shirt and suit of Mycroft’s that he could find. Now he stood very still, pressed up against and facing the wall just inside the gate, his head with its dark curls bowed down and his hands with their tell-tale pale skin in his pockets. The awkward bit would be manoeuvring around the open gate—it opened in the middle, and inwards, and of course there would be a car coming in, but after the humiliation of his first attempt, he had made a point of obediently eating as much of his dinner as he could manage. He wasn’t going to risk—well—he wasn’t going to let his transport get the better of him this time.
I am alone in our sitting room. Sherlock has retreated to the bedroom—the window now repaired—and has banned me from entering. His anger and despair frighten me, but I do not wish to intrude. He is entitled to his privacy and his thoughts.
I feel that I am going slightly mad from regret and shame. Perhaps it would be best if you do not return.
“Mmm… don’t think it’s a client. She’s local—oh, yes! Now I recall. She works in her father’s shop around the corner. Perhaps she is here to visit Mrs. Hudson,” I suggested.
“I shall lay the facts before you and allow you to make your own deductions.” He shifted himself so he was sitting on top of the bedclothes, facing me. “The Blooms do not have any children.”
“You should select a tie,” he was surprised to hear. The doctor looked up at him in some bewilderment. “Shirts are logical. Ties are not,” he explained.
“No, I would not. I cannot. You know that. I am a proud subject of our queen, and far too fond of home and hearth to ever leave England again for any length of time.”
He was dreadfully pale, making the shadows under his eyes and along the gaunt cheeks even more terrible. His dark hair was a riot of short curls; as I know he does, he must have been raking his fingers through it. He clutched at the blanket draped over his shoulders, but even the heavy wool could not obscure the fact that he was trembling.
“What was that, love?” Winifred murmured, rising from her chair. She had been reading, with one eye on her patient, and had noted a slight increase in his rate of breathing. Thankfully, he had had a few hours of deep sleep. It was the first time the nurse had seen him like that—deeply and naturally asleep. He still looked fragile and broken—too pale and too thin—with slowly-healing bruises on his hands and face—but there was a peace that she had never seen before.
I know that he does not sleep—well, he might manage three hours in a night—because I cannot bear the thought of him being even one room away from me, so we use one room as our sitting room and the other to which to retire. It is touching how hard he tries to rest with me. He seems more concerned that I sleep than himself—but when I do lie down he sometimes tries to emulate me. This is similar to his lesser attacks of mania, with which I became familiar shortly after joining him in our homely rooms. He obediently changes into nightclothes (he often becomes distracted whilst doing so and I have to prompt him to don his nightshirt otherwise he would be perfectly content to remain in his drawers or even as naked as the day he was born—he has never been a modest man). He attempts to enjoy the warm milk that I have requested be brought each evening for him at approximately ten o’clock. Sometimes he will sit for a bit whilst I read to him. These are all tricks I have already learnt, and I am grateful that they do sometimes still work.
“I told you? Why on earth would I tell you who my barber was, and when? I do not recall sharing such mundane details with you.”
“Coming!” he called out, never taking his eyes off the body of the pale naked man helpless on his bed. He grabbed the cheap duvet from where it had fallen onto the floor and, with an abrupt motion, covered him from the chest down, being careful to ensure that the bed frame and ties were obscured.
Despite the shaking of his hands, he surprisingly quickly traced and tore out a circle of the paper. He then began to run the needle across the magnet, using one-way strokes.
“Bin’s there,” she commented, tipping her head towards it. “Lots of towels and fresh clothes in the bathroom. Be prepared.”
I shook my head, opened my book, and began to read. Then next one was tucked at the end of the second chapter I completed.
I remained quiet. I am not sure how to describe exactly what I was feeling at that moment. Yes, of course, as always, I was proud of him for being absolutely correct. I was touched that he spoke of my infirmities with such tenderness. I recalled with gladness his ministrations when I was stricken—stoking the fire and turning my chair towards it and gently covering me with blankets and—and this is most touching—insisting at times that I stay inside and not follow him as he plunged out into the frigid air in pursuit of a case.
Now they were in Mycroft’s spacious bathroom. The hot water running into the enormous tub was making the room steamy, and the elder Holmes brother was grateful for it—his younger brother had been shivering and even having the driver turn the car’s heat up until it was almost sickeningly warm in the vehicle hadn’t helped.
After that he gave me a brief description of his entry into the job, and how he had in his own time studied and inquired and read and even interviewed inmates, seeking better insight into their madness whilst attempting to simultaneously improve their circumstances and treatment.
“Lie back down,” she suggested, rising. He did so and was gratified when she carefully laid the cool, damp flannel on his forehead.
I wish to make myself completely clear—I absolutely do not mean this information to be taken as an admonishment nor an insult. As a medical doctor and a writer, I am certain that you are well educated about a great variety of subjects as they pertain to Mankind. Mr. Holmes seems rather more haphazard and specialised in his knowledge, as you noted in your very first story. Neither of you has ever claimed to be more than nominally knowledgeable about domestic animals, and about exotic beasts not at all (beyond Mr. Holmes’ thorough acquaintance with the differing venoms produced by them).
:: John! My parents are expecting us both, what am I supposed to tell them if I show up on my own? And I’m not taking the Hollow Client’s brother to dinner! – SH ::
“Why didn’t I hear anything?” Sherlock grumbled to himself as he pulled his head back inside the window. Then he realised that John probably timed his escape to coincide with when Sherlock had had his shower, using the sound of running water to cover any noise he made. The detective growled as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called John, but he’d evidently turned it off as it went straight to voicemail.
“Ah, good, you’re ok, thank god! I must apologise, John, it seems my flair for a dramatic entrance gave you quite a shock and you fainted briefly. Though the fact you’ve not eaten since a ham and cheese sandwich from the hospital canteen at lunch probably didn’t help much.” Sherlock watched John’s face carefully as a multitude of emotions flashed back and forth in John’s eyes before the doctor scrambled away from the detective, getting to his feet and backing himself into a corner of the kitchen.
“… N/A. You put down ‘not applicable’.” There was no point in denying that patient/doctor confidentiality didn’t exist when it came to Mycroft Holmes, the embodiment of the British Government.
“Sometimes that’s all you can hope for. What about you? Get up to much?” John asked as he filled the electric kettle and put it on to boil, digging out a couple of clean cups for them.
“He asked me to have a word with you because I know how to ‘not offend people’ apparently. So why don’t you want to wear a tailored suit to dinner with my parents?” Mycroft asked as John spotted a CCTV camera pointed straight at him, he guessed that meant at least the older brother was aware that John didn’t actually have an emergency shift today.
John evaded the first swing that the murderer aimed at him by reflex alone, sweeping his leg in an attempt to knock Underwood to the ground. High adrenaline caused the suspect to dodge just in the nick of time but he now had a clear path towards the back door. Patrick took off sprinting, he was almost there when he was rugby tackled from behind and sent sprawling to the ground.
“I kept them in here while we waited so the milk and other fresh stuff wouldn’t go over. Not that it’s warm enough to spoil really quickly but better safe than sorry.” John went and grabbed the bags from her.
John let go of his mug, leaving it on the table as he turned his whole body away from his flatmate. He buried his face in his hands, his shoulders shaking with supressed emotion. Sherlock was on his feet before he even realised it, gripping the former soldier’s upper arms with both his hands, speaking to him in an urgent tone.
“Thank you for agreeing to see me at this difficult time.” Sherlock sat down in a chair by the couch, taking in the man’s appearance.
“You can’t have him, Mycroft.” Sherlock’s voice was full of warning as he glared at his older brother. John allowed himself a tired grin at the thought of the pair of siblings bickering over him like some sort of prized possession.
“She’s of the opinion that Callahan was probably only alive for the first two or three hits which punctured the lungs and heart, causing massive blood loss and rapid death. The remaining twenty two stab wounds were delivered post-mortem or very close to it. The tip of the knife broke off when it hit the sternum at an angle and remained in the chest cavity.” Sherlock read out the message with a frown.
“What in God’s name possessed you to lie to me about the nature of your injuries? We do dangerous work, John; I need to know that if I ask you if you’re ok that I’ll get a truthful answer. Otherwise I’ll be distracted wondering if you’re hiding something from me and maybe miss something of significance with untold consequences.” Sherlock gripped the guard rail on the bed with both hands as he scolded his friend.
“Ms Paige Alcorn, 51 years old. The body was discovered an hour ago when someone from her local pub came around because they hadn’t seen her in there today which was apparently very unusual. Last confirmed sighting was around 10pm last night when she was kicked out of the bar by the landlord for causing trouble.” Donovan finished speaking and John nodded to show he’d heard. He took a small dictaphone out of his bag and placed it next to him, setting it to record his observations as he got to work.
“Here, take a sip of this and wake up, John.” Sherlock rested the doctor’s back against his own chest, his head on his shoulder. He opened the bottle and wafted it under John’s nose before putting it to his lips and letting a little of the alcohol trickle in. It did the trick as John began to come around.
“Sherlock! Are you ok?!” John shouted out in concern as he carefully climbed down towards him, making sure to have a strong grip on roots and rocks. He got down safely with only one or two slipping incidents. The doctor knelt down in front of Sherlock and gently pried his hands away from his ankle. “Twisted it for sure, possibly a sprain but I’m hoping not. No way you’re walking on that.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket in hope rather than expectation.
“A house and car come to mind… I honestly can’t think of anything else that justifies that sort of outlay. You have to replace your gadgets so quickly as they are superseded by more powerful and advanced versions. I’d be too terrified to wear something that costs more than all my other possessions put together and you can get plenty of other decorative items for lesser sums.” John evidently wasn’t someone who was materialistic in the slightest.
the flute? And I dare say there’s probably many other things as well, because you are too humble to mention things that others would broadcast from the rooftops.” John didn’t know what to do with his hands in this unexpected embrace so he ended up letting them rest against Sherlock’s chest lightly, feeling his heart thudding almost as fast as his.
“Molly knew?!” John exploded, his face reddening. Sherlock took a step back to avoid being run over as it was John’s turn to pace. “Christ, Sherlock! You could have told me! I could have helped you! You know I’d have done anything you asked me to!” The betrayal in his tone was so thick that the detective stumbled over his words in his attempt to address it.
“I’ve always admired your inner strength and fortitude, you know. When I realised it was you who had shot Hope, I knew then I’d underestimated you. It was a feeling I became familiar with over time in regards to you. Not very many people surprise me, John, but you did. You still do, even now.” Sherlock’s face was open as he spoke, seemingly not wanting the doctor to mistake him for being anything but completely sincere.
“Not quite, but improvisation and problem solving sure is. Also allow me to demonstrate one of the many carrying techniques I know.” John pulled Sherlock upright, holding on to his arm by the wrist as he bent down to one knee and hauled Sherlock across his shoulders. As he stood back up, he threaded his right arm through Sherlock’s legs and adjusted the load so it was more evenly distributed. “Now, I can’t hold on to you and climb at the same time so don’t squirm about.”
Sherlock was looking around the room while John walked to the side of the double bed to check the body, dropping his head for a moment before he got started.
“Morning, what’s that you’ve got there?” The doctor asked as he retrieved two clean cups and set the water on to boil.
“As lovely as that sounds, my bathroom doesn’t have a tub, it only has a shower.” The doctor answered, beginning to feel the lack of sleep and the pain affecting his mood and he didn’t want to snap at his landlady.
“Mr Price is without doubt her lover and was the father of her child. After speaking with him, I can believe that he did love Holly. She could have been pressing him to admit the affair and he killed her in a moment of madness.” Sherlock mused before he drew away, growling sharply because John had dabbed his face with antiseptic. “Careful! That stings!”
A little later and the pair of them were in a small treatment room, John had his jumper and shirt off and the doctor was drawing a grid on his back before she started to apply the different allergens. As Sherlock’s eyes fell on to his friend’s scarred left shoulder, he recalled the first time that John had let him see and examine it.
“There’s no point, there’s nothing to fix. I just need painkillers and rest and I can do that at home. See if you can get us a taxi or something. I’ll need to call the UCH and let them know I won’t be in.” John grimaced against a wave of painful spasms, holding his breath initially until he realised what he was doing and forced himself to breathe.
the reason you refuse to blog cases?” The detective normally jumped down the throat of anyone who stated the obvious like that.
When the taxi arrived, the pair of them were met out the front by the proprietor, an elderly woman who ran this small boarding house with her husband. She showed them to their room, handed over the keys and informed them at what time breakfast was served before she left them.
“Unimportant! Don’t worry about it, though we should order in if we want something for dinner tonight. Thai?” He asked, pulling out his phone already to dial as John gave him an agreeing nod.
John had only managed one more rep when he heard Sherlock running up the stairs, taking two at a time. The detective blinked at him in confusion when he reached the landing, staring dumbly as the former soldier mentally counted to himself.
“We threw a gala day last month for the RNIB, it was a huge success…” Mr Manning covered his mouth with his hand for a moment and shook his head. “…Arnold was the one in charge of the cash that day.” That was all Sherlock needed to hear as he stood up from the chair, unlocking the door and striding for the lift. The doctor gave the businessman an apologetic look before following after.
“SHUT UP!” John threw the book across the room where it hit the wall. Sherlock smirked at provoking a reaction, thinking he was finally getting the fight he was spoiling for. John took a steadying inhale. “You can insult me from here back to Afghanistan if you want to but you’ll never drive me away for good. I’m still going to be the one to watch your back and patch you up. So, you’re better off not wasting your breath.” There was silence for a beat or two.
“Apart from the fact that it’s obscene to spend four figures on an item of clothing and I hate it when Sherlock spends ridiculous sums of money on me, you mean? Well, there’s also the fact I want your mother and father to like me for being me, not for me being some sanitised fake version of me. I’m working class, I’m not ashamed of that fact and I don’t want to be made to feel that I have to hide my background.” John replied, keeping his eyes open just in case Sherlock decided to show up and drag him kicking and screaming to the tailor’s studio.
“How much did it cost?” John asked, watching as Sherlock immediately averted his eyes and refused to answer him. “Fine. I’m sure I can find an approximate price. There’s no way a full bespoke suit could be made in a few days so it was probably made to measure. Let’s see… ‘Steed made to measure suit cost’.” The doctor mumbled as he put the query into Google.
“Well, you’re a doctor, I’m sure you could patch me up if I did come a cropper.” Mr Doyle commented with a chuckle as he followed John down into his basement flat. John laughed as he flicked on the lights and turned a thermostat on the wall and the heating immediately kicked on.
“No more than acquaintances, or so he says. If we take him at his word then it was the odd things that he’d noted about the death that caused him to get in contact with me.” Sherlock was looking at the scenery as it whipped past their window. “Usually most people can’t tell the difference between a significant factor and an irrelevant one but I thought it was worth a look.”
John suddenly felt self-conscious sitting down to a home cooked meal with his immaculately dressed flatmate while wearing pyjamas and a dressing gown.
“Well that’s because he doesn’t like to cook so there’s very little point in buying fresh meat and vegetables as they’ll only spoil and need to be thrown out. There’s a lot of tins in the cupboard to bulk out a meal and I’d be surprised if there’s not some steaks in the freezer.” The detective replied, smiling when the DI opened the chiller to reveal he was spot on. Sherlock’s phone buzzed again.
“What do you mean? Of course it is! This is a top quality wool blend and you just can’t get this sort of cut off the rack. You could run around all day in this without a problem because it’s so comfortable and well fitting.” Sherlock turned John back to the mirror, as if he couldn’t possibly have looked properly the first time.
“He claims to have an alibi, we’ll need to check that out.” John had waved down a passing taxi and bundled them in.
John spotted his phone switched off on the dining table and put it in his pocket as he carefully made his way through the house. His left shoulder was screaming at him, he needed to take something for it but that was going to have to wait until he got home.
If Sherlock had thought the change in their relationship status would make John more inclined to comingle their finances, he was sorely disappointed as the bills were still split between them. Then the detective had started to buy him some romantic gifts, like a cashmere jumper and a designer watch. But John refused to wear anything that expensive, too afraid that he’d lose or break them. Smaller and less expensive presents had been accepted eventually.
John went back to unpacking in silence, aware that Sherlock hadn’t moved but otherwise ignoring him as he put his books on the shelf. John jumped as he was embraced from behind, lean arms wrapping tightly around his shoulders and upper torso.
“It’s Braille. It says ‘Darkness holds no fear for the blind’… and I’d say these marks were made with a 3 or 4 millimetre biopsy punch. It was done post-mortem otherwise the swelling would have distorted the message.” John’s voice took the others by surprise and after a moment of stunned silence, the doctor answered their unasked question. “My Nanna was blind, she taught me.”
“Yes, he’s just inside having a cup of tea. His name is Mr Doyle, he said he’s often seen you in the supermarket having to rush off before you’ve even finished shopping. He said it happened again today but this time he took your basket and paid for it, bringing it here for you.” She explained as she gripped on to the former soldier’s arm to take him into her flat.
“Thank you for the lift, Captain.” Sherlock practically purred when the kiss broke. “I might have to fall down hills more often if it means I have an excuse to be carried by my incredibly strong army doctor again.” He felt the vibration of John’s chuckle from where he was nuzzling at his throat.
“Why don’t you use the money to set up a charitable trust? That way you can support good causes while growing the fund through strategic investments. You’d be able to help more people and charities than a one-off donation that way.” Sherlock suggested as he slowly undid John’s shirt buttons.
“Let them in, Aims, I don’t mind answering more questions, anything to help Holly.” Mrs Price wasn’t happy about it but stood aside to let Sherlock in. He headed into the living room and saw a middle aged man sitting on the couch, there was a waste paper bin on the floor next to him that was filled with used tissues. “Hello, I’m Jonathan Price, as you might have gathered. I’d shake your hand but I don’t think that would be very sanitary right now.”
“That doesn’t take us much farther than we were yesterday really, nothing of note came up in the stomach contents and Callahan was remarkably healthy for a man in his early fifties.” Sherlock put his phone back in his pocket as they drove up to the gates of Sandhurst. The Detective Inspector showed his badge to the guard and explained that they were expected for a meeting with Major Deakins.
“Found it! In the study!” Another officer called from farther into the house. When Sherlock, John and Lestrade arrived, they found two desks facing each other in the centre of the room. The eyeball was sitting in the open drawer of one of the filing cabinets along the wall. Sherlock folded one arm across his chest and tapped his lips with a finger from the other hand.
“None of the staff could remember who came to meet this guy, didn’t hear anything unusual and CCTV isn’t good for business in a place like this.” Greg scratched the back of his neck in puzzlement as Sherlock moved to the head of the bed, John walked around the other side. The detective took out his pocket magnifier as he leaned down to examine the man’s face
“But don’t you miss it? Not just the dates, I mean, but the affection, the intimacy and the physical side of things?” Sherlock moved and sat down in his chair, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, still studying John with his deep grey eyes.
Everyone had an opinion, of course. Mrs Hudson just said that John would come around in his own time. Lestrade told him to be persistent, sincere and not to emotionally manipulate John. Molly suggested that he should try and see it from John’s point of view. Mycroft had offered to engineer some life-or-death peril in order to force the ex-soldier to realise that Sherlock being back was more important than hurt pride.
“I can believe it. He’s told me some of the things he got up to with his mates when they were off duty or on leave. No one can party like soldiers.” Greg smiled as he went back to looking for their suspect, not noticing the detective bristling besides him.
“What do we know about her so far?” He looked up at Sally who retrieved her notebook and flipped to the most recent sheet.
“Not really, the tickets have serial numbers and we keep paper records so we know how much we should have in ticket income. We do take donations and pledges on the day, depending on the event. Sometimes we host auctions, patrons usually pay for their items by cheque but some pay via cash. In theory someone could take some of the money but we usually have a designated member of the accounts team… in charge… of the lock box.” Nick’s voice started to trail off, horrific realisation dawning on his face.
“I know you are, John, but you can’t go to sleep just yet. If you do insist on closing your eyes then I’m going to press on your injured knee to wake you up.” Sherlock tried to keep his tone haughty, as if they were talking about the detective setting fire to one of John’s jumpers because his flatmate had thrown out an experiment to make room for the milk.
“I’m with the coroner’s office, I’m just gathering some information in anticipation for the inquest. Can you tell me how Ms Walters was when she left your offices yesterday?”
“I can’t even imagine my life without you. I don’t want to, it’s unthinkable, unacceptable! I’ll admit that despite my long standing attraction to you, I’ve been content to keep the dynamics of our friendship as they were because I thought pursuing a relationship would be a bad idea. But I’ve changed my mind about that now.” Sherlock reached over to cover John’s hands in his lap with his free one, it was then the doctor realised that he was trembling. His mind had gone blank, struggling to process what was happening.
“I’m going up to my room, any time you want to stop being childish and return my suit, then drop it in to me.” John grabbed his laptop and disappeared up the stairs. He sat on his bed and checked his watch; he’d need to grab a shower in a couple of hours if he wanted to be ready in time. It felt like he was playing a massive game of chicken with his lover and he was fully anticipating a mad rush to get ready when someone cracked at the last minute. He was determined that it wouldn’t be him.
“I suppose the final question that remains for me to answer is this…” Sherlock’s grey eyes stole over to his closed bedroom door as he voiced his thoughts out loud, a small smile coming to his lips. “Is the fear of rejection a good enough reason not to even try?”
“That’s because I am. John Watson is a very good man; I know I hardly need to extol his virtues to you. You could certainly do far worse. In fact, your only issue may be convincing
“Brother, if I didn’t know better, I would think you were trying to meddle in my personal life... Which is ridiculous as we both know that those sorts of entanglements are a distraction at best and a liability at worst.” They had never had the kind of fraternal relationship where they confided in each other about things like this, except to occasionally goad and snipe at the other.
“In a weird way, being in the Afghan desert made me feel closer to you than I’d been in a year. Just knowing that you’d walked the same ground years earlier eased my mind. In fact, I recognised a few places from the little you’d told me of your tours.” John couldn’t help the smile that jumped to his face at hearing that, touched that Sherlock had been thinking of him. “Eastern Europe was a massive shock to the system after all that heat though.” The detective shivered dramatically.
John sank back into the leather seats of the sedan, they’d enjoyed a lovely four course meal, several bottles of wine and a conversation that had spanned everything from law, mathematics and even rugby and bagpipes. Sigur was more grounded than his wife, but both of them were surprisingly warm and open considering how much both the Holmes brothers actively disliked sentiment.
It was money worries that had led him to look for a flat share, running into Mike Stamford and meeting Sherlock Holmes. Though John wasn’t sure why Sherlock needed a flatmate, he certainly didn’t give the impression of hurting for money. Even so, the doctor wasn’t tempted by Mycroft’s offer to spy on Sherlock for cash, it was less to do with loyalty and more to do with being a decent human being.
He obediently stood in the middle of the towel. He was clearly horribly uncomfortable, even bare, and seem disinclined to allow any part of his body to touch another—holding his arms away from his sides and with his legs spread slightly apart.
“Mrs. Bloom, you have accused my dear friend Watson of some heinous behaviour, and, what is worse, you accuse
Mycroft was ready to snap at this comment, but changed his mind. “No, that’s understandable,” he agreed with a sigh. “There is very little about my brother’s behaviour that is explicable. Was that what you wished to discuss with me?”
Mycroft had no idea why he had kept the book all those years—years during which he had learned that yes, his little brother was perfectly capable of—and willing to—poison friends and family simply to observe the effects of some formula or other. But he had also learned that, unlike the criminally insane man profiled in the book, the younger man would not ever kill someone he was close to—the very few people he allowed himself to grow close to, that is.
“No, I suppose I do not,” Mr. Harper admitted in some puzzlement. “I admit that I am not terribly interested in my garden—in gardens in general. As long as the lawn is kept short for tennis and croquet, I honestly do not care in the slightest about flowers,” our client explained.
Winifred arrived for her shift, hiding a smile at Gloria’s less-than-glorious exit. She reviewed the notes she had been handed.
“He’s… his appetite is off,” she offered. She had been warned that the elder Holmes brother was some high mucky-muck in the government and a prick about details, but that he also obviously loved his younger brother because it was “no expense spared” and he had, in actuality, given up his own bedroom for the slender man.
Greg thought about it. “None… no, wait. One was. Erm… I can’t remember which one, but it’s in the file.”
I suppose some of it was simply serendipity—he had not suffered any bouts of mania or melancholia for some months, and between his researches and a few interesting clients, he was as content as he was ever likely to be.
The second was untidy about her shoes and hat and gloves and, well, everything. Despite my attachment to my darling, I am still an admirer of the fairer sex and I was decidedly unimpressed. Mrs Hudson concurred and off she went.
“She did not seem to understand the necessity of scrubbing the fenders every day. She left the breakfast remains in the scullery sink, and now the entire room is foul. I told her a
What was true was that it was early April, and for some reason the drive in the trap from the station to the peculiar household we were to encounter seems especially vivid to me now.
The two large attendants had, reluctantly, left us, taking with them the remains of Sherlock’s uneaten meals, dirtied towels, and pot. I knew that there was someone posted outside the corridor door. Now Henry, with a look of strongest compassion in the direction of my friend, took a position directly outside the dressing room door.
I wanted to protest on my friend’s behalf, but of course I could not—because it was true. I have not yet recorded the whole of our story, but since the first onset of this seizure, there have been numerous instances of violence towards Mycroft, towards the attendants and servants, towards myself, and, sadly, towards himself.
She had known Sherlock before, of course. He had attended various dinner parties and official events over the years in addition to less formal family gatherings, and of course occasionally visited his brother’s private home office on official—and secretive—state business. During those visits, the detective had been impossible—brittle, sarcastic, keen, scornful, and usually outright defiant. The more his brother tried to rein him in, the worse he got. Nearly every visit ended with shouting.
He does not, as I have described, simply become still and thoughtful. This is an anguish that seeps out of his very pores. He lies on the sofa in our homely rooms in clothing he cannot bring himself to change—
“Aren’t you handsome?” Solomon commented. The man in front of him looked at him, and then his clothing, dazedly, as the strong, dark hands smoothed his lapels.
“How did you find me here?” he demanded, glaring up from his position on the floor, lying on some filthy sofa cushions.
The following few days were rather blissfully peaceful. Belinda arrived each morning to make breakfast, and then did the cleaning and whatever else it was that Mrs Hudson had been doing to make our home so pleasant. Our landlady handled all the ordering and accounts, as she always had, and, as she was limited to those activities she could perform whilst seated, she caught up on a great deal of mending and even began a new set of antimacassars for our own settee.
Sherlock Holmes is a great man. He is the most intelligent, brave, and stalwart man I have ever known.
He handed him one of the books he had found; the man who was there earlier—Solomon—had come with him in search of the library and helped him bring several books upstairs. He had even stacked them the way he preferred—on the floor next to the sofa.
The older woman had, despite the multiple interruptions, put together a fabulous dinner. So much more aware of Sherlock’s oversensitivity to certain foods now, she had conferred closely with John to ensure that nothing would be alarming or distressing to him.
“John, I…,” he reached out a hand and grasped my wrist, his grey eyes open now. “I can attend to the rest myself.”
And then his patient was lunging across the room again, but this time it was into the attached bathroom. Dave dropped his rucksack and sprinted after him.
“Then why is he here?” was the sulky reply, with a toss of dark curls towards Greg, still on the sofa.
“My love,” I continued, “if I did not want to be here, I would not be. It has been—how many—years? Surely you know that I understand that Sherlock Holmes is unique among men, and surely you know that I—your friend and lover and doctor and Boswell—adore you exactly the way you are.
The nurses stared at one another in surprise. The thin man had been coming out with bits of words—sometimes just an initial sound or syllable—but this was the first time he was not just attempting to ask or answer a direct, concrete question. He was adding to their conversation; participating in it. And it made sense.
“Goes awry?” Mrs Parker questioned with a quirked eyebrow. She paused in placing the tea tray on his desk. “You mean if you can’t get Dr Watson there.”
Of course, there is always a point at which I must give in to my own need for rest, and I reluctantly bid him good night and close myself in my own room. I never sleep well when he is in such a mood, of course—between my concern for him and the disruptions of his frenzy of activity, it is virtually impossible, but I still do sleep more than he. In the mornings he is dishevelled and incoherent.
She shrugged. “Nothing I haven’t seen before,” she commented. “Between being a nurse and being a mum to five boys… and people with brain injuries do things like that all the time.”
And then, as I knew she had been longing to do, Mrs. Hudson asked about Sherlock. I have, of course, been writing to her every day, but being able to discuss the situation face to face is so much easier.
Mycroft supposed the irony of wanting to “delete” the entire trip to the hospital and the absolute hysteria caused by attempting to get a CT scan was something that Sherlock would appreciate at some point.
“He did. It was his idea, really. He’s as worried about him as I am, and he thought this might work… well, that it wouldn’t hurt to try.”
And now his brother—his newly inarticulate brother—was back with him. He knew if he whined in confusion or frustration. He knew if he moaned in pain or cried in fear. He knew if he didn’t let someone know that he needed to use the toilet.
I would not embarrass myself at a fine dinner, of course, for I have the sense to rely on the butler to have laid the silver in the order in which it was to be used and pouring the proper beverage into each glass. The job of the footman, also, was to whisk away the used dishes, so it was rather impossible to make an error. I also am, if I say so myself, quite adept in handling silver. I just could not, faced with such a formidable array as had greeted us at Mr. Harper’s home, actually name which one was the cake fork and which the oyster fork.
Did he? He wasn’t sure. He tried to remember… when was the last time he had gone? Where? Where had he been when his brother picked him up and dragged him here?
Mycroft rose slowly from his chair. He was visibly distraught and horrified by his brother’s act of self-injury. He took a few steps toward the bed, on which I was now sitting, cradling my darling’s head in a pillow laid across my legs. I was speaking in a hushed tone in his ear, reassuring him (and myself) that it was all right. He would be well again soon and this would all be in the past. His brother approached us.
By the sound of it, the tea things—Mycroft knew it was not his finest china, of course—were smashed first. Then, it was oddly quiet, with some creaking and soft thumping. That would be the bedding. And then he started with the books.
I, however, by necessity, have over the years become rather well-acquainted with the nature of these creatures, including the deadly snakes of India. It is I who feel nothing but chagrin when I realise that I did not immediately point out that the whistle could not have been used to train or retrieve the serpent, because snakes cannot hear. They might at times seem to do so, but they are in fact reacting to the vibrations associated with some sounds. A high whistle such as we heard is something which no snake would detect.
That very first instant when Dr John Watson walked through that door at Bart’s, he had been hooked. It was completely unconscious, although afterward he realised what he had been doing in that lab at Bart’s.
As for her attitude towards you, she is remarkably brave. She did not shed one tear as she described to me your current situation. In fact, she managed to give the impression that she holds no ill will towards you. She claims that you were not in any way evil, but simply not “meant” to be content with a normal, decent life, profession, and marriage.
“It’s…” The queer eyes, which were now sparkling in the firelight, flicked rapidly across the front and back of the box. “You… put together these squares in different ways and then you have to fit irregular pieces into them.”
“It was the only place where Mr Bramsen had removed his gloves. He said that he had gone to the stables, and he had brought some sugar lumps for the horses. To feed them, he removed his gloves. Of course, it could have simply been flung into some corner upon removing the glove—it was loose on him—but if that had been the case, it would have been found by one of the stable boys. I questioned them all quite closely, and none of them had seen it—or seemed to be hiding anything. It was then that I realised what must have happened.”
“Good morning, Sherlock,” I had said as a way of announcing my return. “May I join you for breakfast?” I put my valise by the door and hung up my coat and hat.
“I’m fine,” she responded, glancing around the room. The bedclothes were strewn on the floor, the bedside table was on its side, and the lamp it had held was on the floor across the room.
Sherlock Holmes is a master of understatement, and I most certainly do not now just “let him alone” when he is “in the dumps.” I do not dwell on my experiences in the army in my published works, but here I can state that the injuries I treated were not just physical. Thousands of miles away from home, dropped into a strange, foreign culture in the most horrid of circumstances one can imagine—many of the soldiers I encountered suffered not just from bullet wounds. In some ways and at some times I was actually grateful that a physical injury allowed me to send a boy home because he was already suffering so much in a way that no one who has not experienced it can perceive.
“I can’t go too much into specifics due to national security… but I can give you the broad strokes, if you’re truly interested?” The detective shuffled his chair a little closer when John nodded at him, lowering his voice so anyone passing by wouldn’t be able to eavesdrop.
Sherlock had already checked who the police had down as her next of kin, but it was an older sister who lived in Dorset. That wasn’t conclusive that she didn’t have a boyfriend, but it wasn’t that she did either. The detective finished with the report and went to the evidence locker, the officer was expecting him and had pulled Ms Walters’ belongings out already for inspection.
Sliding behind a large tree, Sherlock knelt down to put his phone and wallet in a hollow beneath the roots, he’d retrieve them later on. Sherlock stood back up, taking a moment to psyche himself up before he headbutted the trunk as hard as he could stand. Blinking away stars, he repeated the action once more for good measure before scratching at his own arm for a believable defensive wound.
“Don’t sell your efforts short. I had the resources of the Global Intelligence community at my disposal and I was never truly working on my own, not really... unlike you.” Sherlock gave him a sad little smile; John could tell what he was thinking.
“Won’t you try it on, at least?” He eventually asked in a hopeful tone, watching as initially it looked like John was going to refuse but he changed his mind.
The murder weapon was sitting in the sink, it had been scrubbed clean to remove any trace of fingerprints. The detective noted that the knife was a cheap steak knife, one that could be bought from any high street retailer. The tip of it was broken off, no doubt lodged somewhere in Mr Callahan’s body for the time being.
“What do you think, Sherlock? Some sort of message? Is it morse code?” Lestrade asked as the detective came over and stood behind John who was leaning down to look at the body.
“That’s good then, looks like they’ve strapped me up well so my rib should heal without causing another puncture if I take it easy.” John looked down at his chest under the papery hospital gown to see his torso covered with thick bandages and medical tape. He looked up at his flatmate’s face again and braced himself. “Go on then, let me have it before you burst something.”
“Bit grim, isn’t it?” The doctor commented, and he wasn’t wrong. Several of the windows were boarded up, there were bins in the alley that were overflowing with rubbish, attracting flies and other vermin. “Did Greg say why he thought this case was something of interest to you?”
When the train pulled into the King’s Lynn station, the pair disembarked and walked out to the main road. There was a cab rank and they climbed into one and directed the driver to take them into Hunstanton, which wasn’t too far away.
“Very fitting, I agree. You’d best get going then, don’t worry, I’ll sort this out and see you later.” Sherlock waved at the broken plate and leftover tea things. John nodded his thanks, straightened his spine and walked out the flat without another word.
Sherlock had been surprised how easy the shift from friends to partners had been for them, but thinking about it now, it really shouldn’t have been. They already had a firm foundation of trust and comfort to build up from, not much had really changed in their everyday lives. John made tea, Sherlock left body parts in the microwave, they bickered, they laughed, they bantered; just now with a much more tactile element added to the mix.
Feeling calmer, if not completely removed from the situation, he grabbed his phone and called for an ambulance. He put the operator on speakerphone and described John’s injuries to her, moving to hold his head completely steady. John began to come around, groaning in pain and trying to sit up.
A few hours later found John and Sherlock firmly ensconced in the conference room of Allatel plc, on the table between them were three years’ worth of publicly available financial records. The company was understandably reluctant to open up the books to them without a warrant. So, for now, they were stuck looking for something that would qualify as probable cause.
“On a serious note, mate, don’t lie if you get hurt, it’s not worth it. Glad you’re alright and I’ll see you soon!” Lestrade gave them all a warm smile and a wave before leaving the room, still giggling away to himself. Mycroft stood up from his chair, pocketing his Blackberry and retrieving his umbrella from the seat next to him.
“I’m a chemist and cooking is simply applied chemistry.” Sherlock explained as he turned the stove off, taking the wok and portioning the contents between the two plates. He put the pan down and opened the fridge to pull out a carton of fresh juice. “I would have preferred for us to have had wine with this but you are still on painkillers so apple juice it is.” The detective shook it and poured them both a glass.
“Geez, John, you sound like shit! Did you even get any sleep last night?” Lestrade asked, but when it became apparent that John didn’t intend to answer that question, he continued. “Suit yourself. I’ve got a woman who has been stabbed to death, I’ll text you the details.” John mumbled his goodbyes and hung up, thrust his phone in his pocket, grabbed another scone, shoving it in his mouth before picking up his kit and heading out the flat.
“But it has coconut oil in it. If I use it, you could come into contact with it then you could asphyxiate on our floor and I’ve had enough of that for one lifetime, I thank you!” Sherlock declared dramatically as he found something in the back of a cupboard. “Aha, look here! Macaroons! These were a death sentence waiting to happen! What if you’d decided to eat these when I wasn’t here to call an ambulance, then what?” John looked up at the six foot of manic detective waving a packet of cookies at him and sighed.
“So, what’s the damage?” John asked out loud, he wasn’t in much pain so he guessed he’d already been given the good stuff, there wasn’t a chest tube in place either but that didn’t mean one hadn’t been needed before. Sherlock stood from his seat, clasping his hands behind his back as he approached the bed.
“Yep. I had no one to care about and no one cared about me either. Every night I sat in my tiny little bedsit with my gun in my hand. I’d put it to my temple, trying to work up the courage to pull the trigger. But there was always a little voice that asked me to wait just one more day.” John sat back up with a sigh and looked at Sherlock, watching the emotions flashing in his eyes.
“Moriarty may have engineered the events that drove Sherlock into that corner but the groups represented in this room were very quick and eager to nail their colours to Richard Brooks’ mast. The fact that over two dozen officers came to execute a warrant for one person who initially came along quietly says it all really.” John’s glare was directed behind the journalists sitting in front of him, probably at the police officers standing at the back of the room.
“Now we get to the real reason you’re here. In answer to your question, Mycroft was never my friend, even before you jumped. You were, Sherlock. The one person I’d let myself get close to since before I was first deployed… and you took that trust I gave you and abused it. Not for the first time, I’ll admit, but there’s a world of difference between testing drugs on me and making me watch you die and using my heart to play the long con on the criminal underworld.” Unlike that conversation a week ago, John’s voice was steady and even. He wasn’t shaking and he looked the detective straight in the eye as he spoke.
“That’s… not what I always used to say.” John had picked up his cutlery, staring down at his pie and chips but not eating yet. The doctor could almost feel Sherlock’s eyes on him but he refused to look up just yet.
John snapped up, wrapping his legs tightly around the man’s body, pinning his arms to his sides. He threw himself forward with all his weight, knocking the kidnapper to the floor so he was kneeling astride his abdomen. A well placed headbutt put the criminal out cold. The doctor only allowed himself a moment of pride before he dislocated the thumb on his right hand so he could slip out of the handcuffs, the bone was back in place in seconds.
“It’s an official photograph, he’d have to be formal. I have no doubt there’s others from that day where he’s grinning like a maniac and causing havoc.” Sherlock commented as he passed the magnifier over the face of his friend, the tan he associated with the army doctor had yet to materialise and there was a lack of frown lines on his forehead.
As John walked out through the main doors, he knew he should head straight home for a shower, some food and much needed sleep. But after sixteen hours of noise, adrenaline and death, he just needed a few moments of quiet.
“Are you planning on blogging about the Braille murders? It’s been a few days now, I thought you’d be itching to write up our first really interesting case since I got back.” Sherlock’s voice was gravelly with sleep as he grabbed John’s second slice of toast before he could spread jam on it.
“Some courier has absconded with a tablet that contains some very sensitive government information. Brother dearest doesn’t think the man knows that; he probably just intends to sell the whole thing for some quick cash. It’s all encrypted, obviously, but the tablet needs to be recovered regardless.” John was listening silently as Sherlock spoke, when suddenly those expensive leather shoes came into his field of vision and the detective finished his count for him. “18, 19, 20. Have a shower, I’ll probably have a lead we can start with by the time you’re done.”
A few days later found John and Sherlock at a press conference. There had been a high profile theft from the British Museum, a sculpture of a golden horse and chariot had gone missing – it was part of the Oxus Treasures. A beautiful Persian piece dating from the fourth or fifth century BC and crafted out of Achaemenid gold.
John heard Mrs Hudson’s worried voice as she saw them coming down the stairs. Sherlock said something to her but the doctor didn’t catch it. He was breathing more freely but with that came a wave of utter exhaustion. He stopped trying to follow what was going on and instead let it all wash over him as he was placed in the back of the waiting ambulance.
John was reading the news on his phone while sitting on a bench in Regents Park. He would have much preferred to be doing this inside where it was warmer but he was waiting out a certain annoying Consulting Detective. Today was the tailor’s appointment that Sherlock had refused to cancel and that John had refused to attend.
When the next case that came along gave them an opportunity to get out of London for a bit, Sherlock jumped at the chance. John had been a little distant and awkward in the days following the conclusion of Callahan’s murder. The detective could only imagine the doctor still felt ashamed and embarrassed about the revelations and wasn’t sure how to act now his flatmate knew that he’d been in an emotionally toxic relationship. A distraction would do them both some good.
It was The Woman that made John realise his feelings were no longer platonic, if indeed they’d ever been that, he was so jealous of Irene that he was almost spitting… and watching Sherlock pining and seemingly heartbroken over her hurt him more than it really should have done. Once he’d realised that he was smitten, he’d spent the next few weeks terrified that the detective would deduce it and that would be the end of everything.
“Harvey was the first man I’d ever slept with. I knew I was bi before then but I just hadn’t met a guy that I was really into like that, you know? But he only ever convinced me to sleep with another man once, he spun me a story about getting in over his head with a loan shark... ‘luckily’ he had apparently taken a liking to me. Harvey didn’t even need to suggest it in words, I offered.” John shuddered involuntarily and he felt a deep flush of shame flood his face.
The two of them were currently on a train to the coast, they’d managed to find a free table booth and sat opposite each other. John dug around in his rucksack and pulled out a small bottle of juice that he’d picked up before they left.
“Probably because the last time Dr Watson nearly asphyxiated you declared war on coconuts and petitioned me to make them illegal.” Mycroft’s tone was exasperated as he fiddled with his Blackberry. “John was possibly afraid you’d place him in an iron lung until his rib healed if he had informed you.” There was no holding back the Detective Inspector’s peals of laughter this time around. Greg grabbed his coat to beat a hasty retreat before Sherlock could figure out how to make filthy looks kill.
“Yes, yes it has. I still think what you did to me, Mrs Hudson and Greg was wrong but I accept that you thought the ends justified the means. I don’t agree, but that’s ok, friends can disagree on things and still be friends. Or if it needs spelling out any clearer, I don’t need to agree with you to forgive you.” John had barely finished speaking before Sherlock had grabbed him by both shoulders, squeezing them tightly with joy and relief.
“That’s not the only reason I consider him to be my much valued partner, but what I’ve said is sufficient enough to make my point. These cases have been resolved due to our shared efforts; I shall expect this to be recognised fairly going forward. Thank you for your time.” Sherlock spun on his heels and left the briefing room, John had to jog to catch up with him.
“Once the process has started, you must constantly assess your strategy with your end goal in mind. Encouraging development that you want and discouraging what you don’t. The cheese may need constant micro adjustments depending on your starting point, it will be reliant on you for all of its needs so be prepared to devote considerable resources to their progress.”
“Why are you still here? You’ve delivered your news, or do you just want to stand around quoting Brecht some more?” Sherlock knew he sounded like a petulant child but that was an attitude that Mycroft was very good at bringing out in him.
“Almost every single person blamed the mirror for the fact they didn’t like the person staring outwards when Sherlock reflected their lives back at them. Because that’s all Sherlock was, a mirror, he wasn’t pointing out anything that wasn’t already there. He did it to me too. Yes, he had as much subtlety as a neon sledgehammer but I couldn’t blame him for MY flaws, could I?” Sherlock’s mouth twitched up in a small smile at this passionate speech from someone who so clearly understood him better than anyone else.
“Ambient temperature in the room is 15 degrees C. Liver temperature is… the same. That puts time of death at least fifteen hours ago, which would have been around one in the morning. However, I pause to note that there doesn’t appear to be any electricity or heating on in this flat and the subject is wearing multiple layers against the cold, so plus or minus half an hour to recorded TOD is recommended. Rigor mortis is consistent with these observations.” John picked up his dictaphone and stopped recording, putting his things away and removing his gloves.
“I wasn’t expecting Dr Watson to make his own way here.” Mycroft commented, waving a hand towards the window. Sherlock blinked in shock and looked through the glass, spotting John already sitting with his parents at their table and having what looked to be a lively conversation.
“That’s very kind of you to offer, thank you, but I can handle it.” There was that phrase again. ‘I can handle it.’ Sherlock was beginning to hate those words, John shouldn’t have to ‘handle’ anything, especially not alone. John deserved to be happy and
“I believe you mean that now. But I also know that if a situation arises where it would be beneficial to fake your death again, then you’ll do it. Don’t even deny it, you’d make the most logical choice because that’s what you do.” John saw the conflict on Sherlock’s face and stepped away from him. “I’m sorry I upset you… I’m gonna head to bed, it’s been a long day.”
“Promise me that you won’t lie about any injuries you have to spare my feelings again.” Sherlock’s bottom lip was still slightly jutting out in an immature sulk but his worried tone spoke of how scared he must have been. John reached out and covered one of the detective’s hands with his own, looking up at him with an earnest gaze as he squeezed it.
“Noted. Some shaving brushes are made with natural horse hair too, so I’ll have to avoid those… and give up on my lifelong dream to get a gold medal in dressage.” John’s unexpected joke surprised a chuckle out of Sherlock and the pair of them dissolved in to giggles.
of his own value.” Mycroft took out his Blackberry with a sigh when his itinerary alerted him to an engagement.
“No.” John managed to get that word out from between gritted teeth, he put the cap back on the tube and washed his hands.
“I’ll be taking my leave now too, seeing as the patient is as well as can be expected. Thank you both for your help in tracking down the tablet. Do try and control your urges to coddle the good doctor, little brother, it’s most unbecoming.” John was very impressed with Sherlock for managing to hold his tongue at the verbal dig. Mycroft gave them both a polite nod and left them to it.
“They are still pulling people out of the rubble, but they’re finding less survivors.” John overheard a paramedic speaking to a staff nurse as he rushed past them to grab another IV stand.
“Now this is interesting. Nothing else that I’ve seen has given me the impression that Callahan is particularly fond of technology and gadgets, yet here we have a fairly expensive laptop. I wonder what he does with it that means he’s willing to pay for a better experience?” The detective sat down on the floor with his legs crossed and pressed the power button.
“-no one else is going to.” John mumbled the end of the phrase along with the recording. Meanwhile Sherlock had cleaned up the doctor’s injured hand with antiseptic, closed the biggest cuts with butterfly strips before putting plasters on the others that warranted it. He wrapped a short length of bandages around his flatmate’s palm to protect it even further.
The ex-soldier turned back to the pawnbroker and raised a finger to his lips, pointing to a transverse flute sitting in the glass cabinet under the counter. The man brought it out while John pulled out his wallet and paid for it. He quickly assembled it as quietly as he could, pushing the head joint into the body followed by the foot joint.
They left the hotel, Sherlock texting Molly about the case with a list of questions for her when she performed the autopsy. Greg brought his car around, the detective getting in the front passenger seat. He played with his phone for a moment before sending a message to John.
A week later and Sherlock was waiting for John in the basement flat, laid out on his couch. He glanced at his phone, the doctor should have finished his shift at the hospital by now and he wasn’t on call this afternoon, so hopefully they could talk uninterrupted.
:: So, who met her and slapped her? Mrs Price? Angry wife sees texts and goes to confront the other woman. It’s happened before. - JW ::
John knew that Sherlock had been lured into looking at this case by the possibility of the electricity outage being part of some elaborate scheme. He had been disappointed at the lack of an exciting resolution to the theft but the British Museum were very grateful at any rate.
“How? I didn’t go to the appointment.” The doctor asked as Sherlock unzipped the garment bag to reveal a dark blue suit, waistcoat, crisp white shirt and a maroon tie. It looked very nice, but for the likely price, it better had do in John’s opinion.
“But clearly, you won’t for some unknown reason. You can’t blame lack of time anymore, due to this unfortunate incident, you’re likely to have an abundance of free time for some weeks.” The grey eyes were piercing into John’s lowered face, trying to pull the answer out of his pores. “You still write up the cases for your own records. So why won’t you blog about them?”
“Ah, there you are. Not got much information to go on really. The body is a man, approximate age late forties to early fifties. Unknown name as I doubt Daniel Craig is so down on his luck as to need a hook up in this part of the city.” Lestrade led the pair of them through a corridor, it looked like the room in question was on the ground floor.
:: UCH just called me in, there was a huge gas explosion and it’s all hands on deck. Don’t know when I’ll be back but I’ll try to keep you updated. – JW ::
“You’re right. I can’t force myself to feel something I don’t and it’s not as if I don’t have a reason for being the way I am, I shouldn’t berate myself for it.” The doctor gave Sherlock a small smile which was returned with a larger one. “I’m sorry about the shopping and the glass.” Sherlock waved him off with a dismissive hand.
“He’s not here, don’t worry, you’re safe, I won’t let him hurt you anymore. The police will get him, I will help once I know you are ok.” The detective heard the sounds of running footsteps, then Greg’s voice swearing behind him before ordering his men to secure the building and surrounding area. The Inspector knelt down, brushing the glass gently off of John’s body before covering him with his coat to keep him warm and help prevent shock.
“True, and I’m sure it comes as no surprise to you that I initially only saw how you could be of use to me. A doctor and a soldier, two very different skill sets in one person. It seemed like a win-win situation, we both had something the other was willing to provide.” Sherlock’s grin was mirrored back at him on John’s face. “And the rest is history, as they say.” He gestured between them as he finished, the pair fell into a comfortable silence for a few minutes, thinking to themselves.
“Mycroft.” If the civil servant was surprised at being addressed, he hid it well. It was probably the elder Holmes that had pulled some strings to get him a private room.
“It’s only because it’s new, I’m sure if you wore it around for a bit then you’d get used to it and be less nervous and conscious of what it cost.” Sherlock remembered saying something similar when he realised John had never worn some of the gifts he’d bought him. John gave him a small resigned smile, taking his partner’s hand in both of his and squeezing it.
“You never know, Detective Inspector, Mr Craig might have decided that his ‘World is Not Enough.’” Sherlock nearly ran into Greg’s back when the latter stopped in shock at Sherlock making a pop culture joke. “… John makes me watch Bond movies every chance he gets.”
“Two sexual relationships, both men, both in university. After the second one broke down in literal flames, I decided that it wasn’t worth the hassle and went celibate till now.” The cabin was in sight finally, which was good as Sherlock could tell that John was beginning to flag a bit.
“Can anyone in here count?” Sherlock looked around the room, getting nothing but vacant and confused stares back. “The reason that I ask is because despite the curator’s statement that this case was solved due ‘to the efforts of one man’, there is actually two men before you.” John blinked in bemusement as the detective turned and motioned to him.
“No, we write those to an overhead account. Everything that we get in goes to the charity. As you can see the only debits are from the bank account, cash and cheque deposits and the only credits are to the Profit & Loss.” Mr Manning lent forward and ran his finger down the screen.
“You have told her that I’m fine and I’ll be home in a few days, right?” John asked as he reached out for one of the flasks with a wince, he was desperate for a decent cup of tea. The catering staff here seemed too terrified to give him anything after Sherlock had enquired into their entire supply line, looking for possible cross contamination with coconuts or horses.
John sneezed hard; one, two, three times. Each bodily jerk wrenched his already complaining shoulder. He swore a blue streak and moved into a clear area to sit down again. Squeezing his eyes tightly shut, he breathed through the pain. He needed to get out of these handcuffs before he did any more damage. The doctor was about to attempt it when he heard a key turning.
:: John, let me make it abundantly clear to you. You didn’t put me in danger; Moriarty was watching me before we met. You didn’t fail to protect me; I never gave you the chance to do so. You need to forgive yourself because it’s obvious it wasn’t my forgiveness you were seeking. – SH ::
“Cause of death was a broken neck, death was instantaneous. Our anonymous tipster is a lab tech. He wasn’t able to elaborate any more on why he thought the death was fishy, just called it a gut instinct.” John gently cleaned the scrape, getting a hiss from Sherlock. “He wasn’t aware of a boyfriend; said she didn’t even seem to have any friends outside of work.”
“He is an idiot when it comes to emotions. You literally have to explain it to him like he’s a child. As far as he’s concerned, he’s back now so it’s places as usual. Like we’re meant to delete the last two years.” The doctor replied as he tested the motion of his fingers while wearing the splint.
John couldn’t speak anymore due to his tongue swelling so he pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed it into Sherlock’s hands. The detective stood up and called for an ambulance, managing to explain the situation to the operator even though his voice betrayed his alarm.
“The man who killed Callahan committed suicide right in front of me.” Sherlock finally said as he picked up the cup, his grey eyes were fixated on John’s face. The doctor had been the subject of the detective’s intense focus before but this was something different, an apprehensive anticipation gripped him.
“That- that was lovely, John, truly. What was the song? I didn’t recognise it.” When he’d finished playing the detective was looking at his friend with surprise and what looked like awe. John blushed lightly as he took the flute apart and put it back in the case.
“What happened while you were abroad?” John blinked in surprise, as if it wasn’t actually his own mouth that had just produced those words. He coughed and blushed. “Sorry, not sure where that came from… but I guess I have been curious. At times I’ve sorta implied it was a massive holiday for you when I know it wasn’t… and I’m sorry I haven’t asked before now.” Sherlock was watching him carefully, as if assessing whether he actually wanted to know or not.
“I suppose there’s no way to really change an ingrained view of the value of money, but tell me, is there
“I went undercover to destroy Moriarty’s network. I knew if I showed back up before I’d dismantled it then there was still a threat to the safety of the people I cared about. His web spread out all over the world and taking it down, cell by cell, was painstaking and time consuming but I came home as soon as I was finished.” Sherlock had stopped pacing and was standing in front of his friend, just within arms reach. His fingers twitched behind his back with the surprisingly strong urge to pull John into an embrace to still the tremors wracking his smaller frame.
