He glanced towards the pillows and rumpled blankets by the headboard and then slowly turned to brace himself on his hands and knees before crawling up the mattress. Tony hummed under his breath at the sight of Steve, muscles shifting along his back and thighs, the round globes of his ass.
He frowned slightly and tried to shake his head, reaching up to rub at his eyes. “Yeah, I'm okay, Steve. Is Tony okay?”
“I guess it’s interesting, in a way. Though I don’t really fancy lookin’ at myself most days, so it’s not really an appealing uh…
. He thought, mentally berating himself. For just a moment he really wanted to imagine the three of them together like that and he had to shut his eyes in an attempt to clear his head before he got too worked up by the thought.
for such a thing. He’d make a drink, make sure it was perfect and then ask if someone would mind delivering the coffee to Tony where he was usually holed up in the workshop. And it
Bucky’s breath hitched, but he caught himself. He knew Tony didn’t mean it like that. So, he laughed instead, rolling his eyes at the man. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m a
Steve hummed and sighed sleepily as he turned to rest more on his back, making sure the blanket didn’t fall as he did so. “
Bucky smiled gently as he sat up a bit more and tugged his t-shirt up over his head, setting it down on the floor beside them. Tony seemed to visibly relax, all the tension bleeding from his shoulders when he let his gaze settle upon the faint glow of the Arc Reactor. Bucky gave him a timid smile and tucked his legs slightly to the side , offering up some space for the genius to slip in next to him.
Bucky’s brows creased deeply and he watched Tony nervously, not really sure to say to that. That had not been what he was expecting at all. “Well?” Tony prompted.
He didn’t let himself think about it too hard before he was picking up the cup and cradling it carefully in his too big hands and heading off to the workshop. The more time he took to think this through, the worse off he was going to be. It wasn’t as if he hadn’t been to the workshop before. It was just that...well the workshop was...
Steve huffed softly and Tony muttered, “Of course you did,” Under his breath and Bucky shook his head, fond and exasperated and a thousand and one other things.
There was the lingering smell of Tony’s cologne filling the space, a scent Bucky had become far too familiar with since coming to the Tower. It felt intimate here as he settled himself on the sofa, the tension bleeding from his frame as he settled back against the cushions. He took a very deep breath in and let it out slowly and ignored the little pinch he felt deep in his chest, something he realized simply came with the territory.
Steve maybe sort of secretly treasured those little pieces of time with Tony. Because when Tony was going out of his way to help someone, he did it with kindness and a smile and all the enthusiasm of sharing his love of technology and wealth of knowledge he thought someone was
“ Steve muttered, running a hand hastily through his hair and fluffing up the already messy blonde strands.
He hadn’t had a headache in so damn long. He frowned, rubbing at his temple a little harder than perhaps strictly necessary. “I said,
, at least, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t intimidated all the same by the damn thing. But…he spent perhaps far too much time obsessing over making absolutely
Bucky’s brows furrowed deeply but before he could open his mouth, Thor was clearing his throat. “Oh dear, it looks like my brother has played a bit of a trick on you both. There are not two of you. If you’ll both stay calm and just to inform you, this is not permanent. Take a look down at yourselves, I think you’ll find what the problem is,” Thor told them sheepishly.
body. But he made no move to touch the genius and Bucky didn’t really know what to make of that. It hurt, but he did what he did best and buried it deep, as deep as it could possibly go. He’d think about it later.
He inwardly groaned at the whole fucked up mess he’d found himself in and closed his eyes as Tony carefully tilted his face this way and that with the metal hand, while his flesh and blood wielded the electric razor.
Bucky shifted, withdrawing his hand from his friend’s chest. He couldn’t help notice that Steve wore nothing more than a pair of sleep pants that were hanging
But of course that was ruined in the next moment and not necessarily by Tony’s next words, it was definitely the guilt that ruined it.
Tony shook his head and threw a nervous glance over to Bucky who was looking at him in uncomfortable silence. But Tony wasn’t stupid. Clearly Bucky had been dealing with a fair amount of pain in his metal arm and had chosen not to tell anyone about it. The pain, the dull ache in his bones where the metal joined was no doubt something that he’d been dealing with for
Natasha helped Tony to his feet and Bucky glanced over to see the genius…in his super-soldier body looking at him with such a deep sadness in his eyes. He cringed slightly, not liking the openness of such a look seen reflected in his very own face. He tried to look away, but not before Tony had managed to meet his gaze and catch it for a fraction of a second too long.
Bucky whimpered softly and screwed his eyes shut as he clutched at the blond, trying to keep the tears at bay as best he could while nearly shaking out of his skin in the process. Steve was still murmuring soft reassurances against his temple when the bed beside him shifted slightly.
Tony sighed and reached up with his flesh and blood hand, pinching the bridge of his nose as he let his eyes drift shut. “I-I can’t sleep without my light,” He whispered.
Steve swallowed thickly and Bucky tried to ignore the sight of tears springing to the man’s eyes when he felt tears begin to gather in his own. “And,
Loki chuckled darkly and shook his head. “Oh, but I haven't done anything yet. Steve and I had a bit of a chat and I’d hardly call that productive.
-“ Tony gestured between them and Bucky met his gaze, forcing himself to look into his own grey-blue orbs. “It’s weird…seeing yourself from another persons perspective.”
Steve swallowed hard and fixed him with a very concerned stare, but Bucky was done arguing. He grabbed a sweater from his dresser and slipped it on over his t-shirt hastily. “I’m gonna’ go for a walk, clear my head,” He said, readjusting his sweater before slipping past the blond and out into the hallway.
To see Tony touching-touching his mother’s things, something Tony himself cherished so deeply clearly…with Bucky’s meta-
Bucky quickly waved a hand at the two, trying to ignore the knowing looks from Natasha, Bruce, Clint and Thor for just a moment or two longer. “It’s not like I’ve got anything Stevie hasn’t seen before,” He said with a bit of a shrug. “We used to share a bed in the Winter when we were younger, s’not a big deal.”
Bucky cleared his throat and Tony huffed out an exasperated breath. “What? What do you want me to say here?” He demanded, exasperation clear in his voice.
“You look at me or you don’t get to come and I know you’re dyin’ for it,” Tony threatened and was pleased as punch when Steve let out another one of those delightful whines.
Tony hummed thoughtfully and Steve heard him take a sip of his drink. “Ah, so no one was around to save you the trip, then.”
“It was my mother’s,” Tony interrupted his thoughts, his voice quiet, thoughtful and Bucky turned to look at him, startled.
And who was Steve? A soldier that had never given up the fight, never let himself settle down or at the very least, take a vacation. He kept himself busy, sure. There was always something he could be doing. Working out, drawing, reading, training, filing reports, holding briefings, missions, charity galas and press events. But he didn’t
Bucky shook his head, waving him off. Anything to get the two of them out of the kitchen so that he could continue to have his little mental freakout in peace…or at least, not in front of the two people that he really didn’t want to witness it.
“Okay, so no strangers touching you. What about a friend? I’m sure I could give you a massage or maybe Steve? I could always ask Natasha too, I know you two are close.” Tony suggested.
on his hips and he desperately tried not to stare. He really didn’t need this right now. He swallowed hard and tried to avert his gaze from his best friend and instead focused on a spot on the wall to the left of his shoulder. “I’m okay, I’m sorry I worried you. I had a nightmare but I’m fine. I’ll just go for a walk and I’m sure I’ll feel better. Please, go back to Tony,” Bucky very nearly pleaded.
Steve took a stumbling step backwards, but Tony didn’t give him an inch before he was stepping into the blond’s space and pouting sweetly. “Don’t be like that, pal-“
Bucky watched. Was helpless not to at this point. The bun wasn’t even half bad, considering Tony didn’t exactly have much practice with that sort of thing himself. “You know-” Bucky started, but had to clear his throat a bit before continuing. “That doesn’t look half bad.”
. Some movements I get a sharp pain, others it’s just a little twinge. But the ache, it’s always there. Why didn’t you tell us?” Tony asked and the look on his face could only be seen as being hurt and clearly worried.
“Hey, Steve? I wanted to ask you a quest-“ Bucky’s breath caught, words stalling in his chest at the sight that met him.
Bucky barked out a laugh at that and shook his head incredulously. “You can-can’t be in love with me.
Natasha chuckled softly and sighed and then Tony called over to the pair, “What do you two want for dinner later? Think we can convince everyone to get Chinese?”
Bucky’s cheeks were beat red by the time Steve, Tony and a few of the others had glanced his way and really, he could do nothing to hide it at this point. He just hoped that Tony’s facial hair was enough to at least hide
and Steve had always thought he was beautiful, not only handsome in that ruggedly charming way he liked to show off, but just in his effortless casualness that always managed to tug at a spot behind Steve’s ribcage.
“There, you’re starting to look a little more like me now,” Tony huffed and Bucky didn’t dare make a noise in response.
“I…am overwhelmed by you too,” Tony admitted and Steve stilled, hesitantly meeting those dark chocolate orbs.
Natasha cracked up at that and Bucky’s eyes widened. He shook his head in annoyance. “You’re an asshole, Barton.
” Bucky laughed. “You can’t tell me I’m the only one who thought that was hilarious,” Bucky nearly wheezed.
“ Tony breathed, exhaling shakily and drawing in an equally shaky breath. “I don’t think I’ve come in my pants like some damn teenager since we first started dating.”
Before long, Tony had drifted off and Bucky pulled a blanket down off the back of the couch, covering them both with it. He let the TV stay on and asked Jarvis to turn off the lights and not more than a half hour later, Bucky fell asleep too. The AI turned off the TV for them then without a word.
exasperated at this point. “I hate magic,” Bucky found himself muttering and Tony snorted inelegantly.
Steve shifted uncomfortably and looked down at the still steaming latte on the counter and realized that he was actually going to have to do something about it. He winced a little and tried to think of an excuse and...couldn’t really. Instead, he shot off a message to Bucky to tell him it was alright and he’d see him when he got back. And a moment later when he’d pocketed his phone, he was about ready to start a staring match with the damned coffee and promptly decided he could do this.
Bucky glanced between the two for a moment before he started off towards the elevators. “Think I’m gonna’ head up and wash up. Might relax with a book or somethin’. I’ll see you guys later, okay?”
fault, but then he quickly became distracted by the whirring of the metal plates and his eyes fell to it with something like wonder reflected in their grey-blue depths. “It's not permanent,” Thor reminded them. “It usually only lasts a couple of days. I’ve seen this spell before. I am so very sorry for what my brother has done,” Thor apologized.
“W-what happened?” He asked, voice a little choked and he quickly pushed himself up, realizing that he was propped up against Steve’s goddamn
He’d started off slow, stroking himself slowly, hand and cock still hidden beneath his sweatpants, but it didn’t take long for him to tire of that. He shoved his pants down, just enough to bare himself and then just a touch further-he liked to look at Tony’s thighs, okay?-and then rucked up his shirt nearly to his armpits…just in case things got a little messy.
But he’d only ask after he’d come back from delivering it himself and all Steve could do was shrug, lower his gaze to a spot on the floor and try to will the steadily rising blush from his cheeks.
. But, he can use his StarkPhone without too much fuss and his StarkPad and his StarkBook. They all work quite well for him too, even. At least for what he uses them for…and it’s not actually all that much. He replies to emails, reads online articles, watches
So of course then Thor started yelling, his booming voice reverberating off the walls of the living room and then there was the all too familiar sound of Loki’s laughter to follow. Immediately everyone was up and on their guard, rushing out into the living room to see what could possibly be going on.
He had to readjust his draw string so that they didn’t fall off his more slender frame and with a heavy sigh, he made his way back out into the living room. Flopping down on the couch gracelessly, he asked Jarvis to lower the lights and then put on an episode of
was different now. Didn’t change the fact that he was still helplessly in love with his best friend, though.
entirely caught off guard as Steve pulled him down on top of him. He squirmed uncomfortably as Steve’s arms wound tight around him and before Bucky could get out more than a, “
or anything. The blond quickly grabbed Thor who was nibbling on a few stray crumbs of what appeared to be the remains of his Pop-Tart by the elbow and asked if he could have a word with him in the living room. The Team thought it a little strange, but no one was really awake enough to figure out what was up just yet.
. He grabbed the book he’d left on the kitchen table for something to do as he made his way back into the living room with a steaming cup of coffee and sat down on one of the oversized chairs.
“Yeah, yeah. Well, I think Stevie here’s got us both beat,” Bucky teased, grinning evilly as he tried to trip the blond and get him on the mat.
“Thanks, Cap. You're the best,” Tony told him before taking a rather large sip of the steaming coffee and making adorably sweet yummy noises.
to have you back, Buck. I told him how happy I was to be able to see you doing better, feeling good, smiling and laughing, just…
He’d been a little more than distracted by the man’s cock in the shower than the Arc Reactor…but now?
He gestured with the glass still in his grasp and Tony waved him off, watching as Bucky took another sip. There was a slight rosy flush to his lips and Tony let himself look at…well,
Eventually he managed to drag himself out of the shower and dried himself off without looking at his body, er, Tony’s body. He slipped on a pair of briefs and went to his dresser to pull out a pair of now too big track pants and once half dressed, he grabbed one of his black henley’s. He shook it out and looked up at himself in the mirror hanging above the dresser and his eyes fell to the genius’ Arc Reactor. He swallowed down the sudden lump that had built up in his throat and took a step closer to the mirror.
It worked apparently. Because the moment the door closed, the moaning stopped. Bucky inwardly sighed before he opened and closed drawers for a moment, pretending to look for something to wear before he was leaving the safety of his bedroom and heading for the kitchen.
Steve and Natasha just rolled their eyes and shook their heads at the man but Bucky just looked apologetic. “I’m sorry the arm is giving you so much trouble, Tony. Is there anything I can do to help?” Bucky asked in earnest.
Bucky came to with strong shaking hands in his hair, a heaving chest beneath his cheek and when he finally managed to open his eyes wide enough to see what was going on, he found himself looking into Tony’s tired yet smiling face.
What no one had seen coming, however, was when Tony reached out to open the fridge with his metal arm and accidentally ripped the handle clean off the fridge, even going so far as to yank one of the hinges off in the process. The entire room went eerily quiet and Tony whispered, “
with lies and I-I could never-“ Tony shook his head, upset and frustrated and Bucky was at a loss, or so he thought.
was moaning-and Steve shuddered hard at the sound as he continued to stroke himself through it. He’d closed his eyes for a moment, having been unable to keep them open as he’d come, but now his bright blue orbs opened to find Tony once more.
Bucky smirked and rolled his eyes, lifting up his shirt slightly to reveal a set of rather impressive abs. “Coulda’ fooled me. I’d say you looked like a regular gym rat with this kinda’ muscle on ya’.”
He barely managed a knock before he was slipping into the darkened room. Steve sat up, startled awake by the sound of his friend. He didn’t even have a chance to flick on his bedside lamp before the brunet was practically throwing himself into the blond’s arms. “Hey-
“ Bucky choked, his breathing coming in harsh pants as he stumbled his way across the hall to his best friend’s bedroom.
-hands over Tony’s biceps, mindful of where the cup of coffee was slightly raised between them now clasped in both of Tony’s hands.
Bucky bounced back a bit and nearly stumbled, Tony’s flesh and blood hand darting out to steady him, but Bucky just squirmed out of reach, shooting the man an apologetic look as he headed for the door, near on
“Uh, yeah…but-“ Tony started, casting a nervous glance over at Bucky who had only just barely managed to school his features into something less devastating.
His friends never really put up a fuss to deliver the drinks to Tony, in the beginning. But now that this had gone on for
Bucky shrugged, “It’s your body, Tony. Don’t have to be uncomfortable asking me to do that if it’ll help you sleep.”
The huge smiles Steve and Tony broke into Bucky was sure would forever warm his heart. He let himself be swept up in their strong arms and soon enough they were lying in a tangled comfortable heap on the floor.
that they meant well and were just trying to get a rise out of him. He did tease back just as good as he got, but with Tony? He
He inwardly grimaced, would have outwardly done so too if it weren’t for the glorious sight that greeted him. Tony…TonyTony
Steve found it easy to meet Tony’s dark gaze then and they both shared tentative smiles with one another at they simply let themselves
Now Bucky knew what Tony’s voice sounded like when he was turned on and a tad mortified, if he were being honest. “Sorry,” Tony apologized and he did sound apologetic but Bucky wasn’t stupid enough to let himself look just yet. “I was just trying to say, that I think there’s plenty of…nice things to look at. You’re handsome, is what I’m really
“Thank you,” Steve sighed, rubbing at his temple a little. “Now, I’m just going to go take a shower-“
Bucky finally felt like he could breathe again when Tony took a step back, eagerly waiting for his reaction, apparently. Bucky gently smoothed a hand over his face and blew out a breath as his fingertips encountered the now clean lines of Tony’s goatee and the soft smooth skin of his throat.
, who was panting, breathing roughly as he shuddered hard, that damned metal hand pressing and rubbing at his cock over his jeans and Steve watched, entranced as his hips bucked up as if of their own accord and oh
been busy after all. Tony hummed softly under his breath as he made himself comfortable in the oversized chair, his attention solely focused on Steve as he sat down at the edge of the bed, body turned towards Tony.
Bucky shrugged and then slowly nodded. “Yep, probably the minute I’m alone and happen across a mirror. So, if you hear me screaming or flipping my shit, please come and save me from myself. The last thing I want to do is hurt Tony’s body or something equally as stupid.”
Tony frowned but nodded, as did Bucky and then the blond let out a really exasperated sigh as he turned to look at Bucky and then back to Tony. He was obviously feeling very unsure of himself, but really, it was understandable. How often does one suddenly find your current boyfriend in the body of your ex-boyfriend anyway? Bucky inwardly grimaced at the thought.
, being in Barnes’ body has got me feeling-feeling-“ He threw up his hands in annoyance when he couldn’t seem to find the right word.
Bucky blinked, looking up at Steve curiously but before he could ask him what he meant, Tony beat him to it.
He got to his feet and took a deep breath, clenching and releasing his hands as they balled into fists at his sides. “You can’t keep doing this, pal,” He breathed. “It ain’t right and no amount of you beating yourself up over it is going to fix things. You’re a person and you’re allowed to
The bed was made, a black comforter but Bucky swore he could see an edge of red beneath one edge. His gaze flickered away, however, when he caught sight of a vanity of sorts. It had a small fabric covered bench and three mirrors displayed above the dark mahogany table and it looked rather old and a bit out of place and like-like something a woman might use-
But Bucky just shook his head, making his way towards the door hurriedly. He needed to get out of there right now. “Please
He knew that if he were to try and lie in his bed, he’d be thoroughly unable to distract himself from the two lying together in the opposite room…in the same bed…in his body, next to Steve…
different and I would never expect him to still want to be with me after everything,” Bucky confessed and Steve
Tony let out a shaky breath at the sight of his lover and licked his lips, legs spreading wider in his seat in an attempt to make room for the growing problem in his jeans.
would have been better. He grimaced at the thought and then Tony was rounding the sofa and pointedly looking at Bucky. “You’re going to let me trim my face so that you don’t ruin it.”
Bucky must have looked completely flabbergasted because Tony gave him this really adorable exasperated look. Bucky quickly shook himself. “I-I'm good. Honest,” Bucky told him and couldn't help the fact that his voice wavered a little.
Steve couldn’t help the soft rumbling laughter that escaped him and he tried to stifle it against the genius’ neck. He slowed himself down after that, feeling Tony’s careful hands running comfortingly up and down his arms, up over his shoulders and into his hair. He barely managed to stifle a groan as Tony gently tugged at his short hair to get him to pull back slightly.
“Well, I’m terribly sorry to have hurt you like that, Tony,” He huffed, rolling his eyes as he turned to run the water at the sink.
Tony sighed softly and turned to face him more, still cradling his cup of coffee. Bucky calmly turned to face the genius better and left his sandwich for a moment. “Why didn’t you tell anyone that you’re in pain?” Tony asked him gently.
Their gazes met and it looked to Tony as if Bucky were pleading with him not to say anything. So, he didn’t. “Nothing, all good here. The arm’s just a bit heavy, I guess?” Tony lied, not convincingly enough, however.
a library. He’d stumbled upon it rather early on during his stay and had taken a liking to coming here to relax and de-stress either with a good book or just to simply bask in the quiet.
Tony tensed slightly and Bucky’s gaze softened. “You were so kind to me when you found me…when I came here I-I wasn’t myself and you-“ He swallowed past the lump in his throat. “You forgave me and I fell for you-
Steve smirked, “Stuff's like water to Tony. His body is probably used to consuming twice that amount to function normally.”
“Something we need to talk about, James,” Tony informed him, still looking at him with that same sort of stern, yet stubborn set to his jaw.
Everyone saw it, of course, and Steve flashed a worried glance towards Bucky, in Tony’s body. Bucky tried not to grimace and simply nodded, averting his gaze as quickly as possible. “I feel alright too. I think it’d be a waste of time. I mean, Thor said it’s not permanent and it’s
The next day…brought zero changes and Bucky was starting to go a little snaky. He was actually sure Tony was about to combust from his inability to
He didn’t bother to wait for Bucky to nod or even barely acknowledge that he was going to let him before carrying on. “Steve has loved you for forever,
Bucky swallowed, not at all pleased that Tony had told Steve. But he couldn't help the little flutter in his chest at the thought of the two of them caring enough about him to offer to give him a bit of relief in the form of a massage. Instead of finding the right words to thank Tony, he simply nodded and then a moment later the elevator dinged and a chorus of voices could be heard coming towards the kitchen.
“Sit down, I’ll be right back,” Tony gestured towards the sofa in the sunken living room and Bucky watched him head off down a hall.
Tony didn't seem to realize that others were present and quickly glanced in his direction, “Oh, don't worry about it. Honestly, I guess I really could use a break. Just thought it would be nicer if I wasn’t confined to the Tower and was on a beach somewhere.”
He was startled to find Tony standing in the doorway of Steve’s bedroom, now clad in a t-shirt and sleep pants of his own. Bucky took a deep breath and averted his gaze from the genius as he tried to escape their scrutiny. He should have known it wouldn’t be that easy.
. “What you should do,” Tony continued, having risen from his seat. “Is follow me so that I can do something about that unruly mess on your face.”
Bucky couldn’t bring himself to hear whatever he was about to say. He was soon stumbling out of the bedroom on shaky legs, feeling even more worse off than when he had gone there in the first place. But there was nothing for it.
and it’ll be closure for you, pal. Then you can get over them and you’ll tell them that you’re going to get over them because they deserve to be happy
Bucky’s eyes widened, his lips parting in surprise and for the first time since the whole body swap had happened, he allowed himself to truly
Steve kissed him and it was so perfect, so wonderfully sweet and tender and Bucky crumbled, letting the tears fall as Steve practically pulled him into his lap, Bucky’s mismatched hands flying out to rest against the blond’s chest so that he didn’t topple over.
“ Tony started and he’d barely gotten that far before the blonde was up and off the bed, heading for their bathroom.
haven’t they switched back again, Thor?” Clint prompted, interrupting Bucky’s spiralling thoughts with a shit eating grin plastered across his annoying face.
He shuddered as he’d slipped a hand beneath the waistband of his sweats and gripped himself and he wanted to tip his head back against the rest but found he apparently wanted to look even more.
Steve shivered and nodded, letting his hand firmly grasp his cock. He managed a couple of strokes without closing his eyes, gaze roving over the picture Tony made sitting in his reading chair. Bucky’s body was on display like that, legs spread and shoulders back, the picture of commanding and Steve groaned at the sight and stroked himself faster, tighter.
anything for the people he cared about most, at least he didn’t think so, not like the things Tony did for them.
“Hey-“ That was Tony’s voice and Bucky jerked a little in surprise, obviously startled by the interruption.
was just something he couldn’t even begin to comprehend. Steve was immediately following his friend, however, Tony’s frantic hand gestures insisting that he go after him.
Steve had his hand wound in the genius’ hair, gently stroking and running his fingers through his long locks absentmindedly. Bucky wished it could really be what it looked like. Him, in his own body with Steve caressing him like that. He frowned slightly and looked away and tried to focus on the rest of the film.
Bucky only laughed harder at that and wheezed even more. Steve chuckled softly and glanced up when Tony walked into the gym. “Uh…is he dying?” Tony asked with a stupid grin.
He watched as the fingertips of his own metal hand gently traced invisible patterns against his thigh and then-Bucky barely managed to contain the groan that rose unbidden to his lips-that hand was shifting, skimming back up higher on his thigh and Tony was
genius? Then yes, you’d be right, Tony,” Steve admitted, smiling a little bashfully, nerves steadily creeping over his features.
The genius frowned deeply and tried to clear his throat and Bucky glanced over towards the voice, his eyebrows rising up into his hairline incredibly fast. “Why are there two of me?” Bucky whispered hoarsely when he looked over to see…
“Mhm, you say that,” Tony murmured and Bucky swallowed, taking another sip to distract himself; his headache was already dissipating.
Bucky startled a little and glanced over at himself, blushing when he realized that Tony had clearly taken a shower and was wearing some of Steve’s clothes. His hair was still wet and pulled back into a loose bun and Bucky quickly looked away. He wondered if Tony would be able to tell that he had given himself a bit of relief in the shower and blushed even more at the thought.
of surprise when he found Tony’s flesh and blood hand pressing against his chest. “Sorry,” Tony huffed, quickly moving off of him.
“You know what…I think I need more coffee if I’m gonna’ make it through the day,” Bucky muttered with a shake of his head.
of gasping just then. He’d come down here to try and settle himself after the scene he’d stumbled upon. He had definitely not expected to find Steve in such a compromising position and seeing the blond all spread out on his bed, big hand wrapped tight around his cock as he jerked himself off was enough to have Tony’s body responding before he’d even fully digested the situation.
Jarvis had surely announced his presence when he’d grown closer to the doors and Steve appreciated it, even if he kinda’ sorta hated it. But he didn’t want to
“And you will get over them,” He breathed, exhaling roughly through his nose as he came to a stop outside of the apartment he shared with Steve. “You just need to hear them say they don’t love you like that and get over it.”
Steve blinked and carefully studied Tony’s expression, but of course, nothing changed. He looked unreadable and Steve found himself wanting to say no, just on principle but there was something in his eyes that kept him holding his tongue.
Tony followed, maybe not as fast, but just about. Unfortunately Steve had already shut the door on him, locked it, too. “
There was an empty mug on the coffee table with one of Steve’s sketchbooks nearby but there weren’t any other mugs or tablets lying around, so Bucky assumed Tony wasn’t there. He let out a soft sigh. He wasn’t about to wake Steve just to screw up his day even
“I take it back,” Tony gasped, tipping his head back and exposing his throat as Steve nipped and pressed wet sucking kisses along his jaw, Tony’s neatly trimmed facial hair creating a wonderfully interesting sensation against his lips. “You’re
he’d tell him. It was getting close to the time Steve usually made dinner anyway, maybe he’d wake up soon and Bucky could tell them both over dinner.
Bucky nodded a bit, not really feeling all that hungry at the moment, but he supposed he could eat something…or get more coffee. He frowned a little at the errant thought. “Uh, sure. I’ll join you…also, does Tony live on coffee? Because I seriously want another like…five cups.”
Bucky frowned and tried to stand but Steve’s strong hands pinned him in place…far too easily. “Stevie, I'm fine. Let me up, punk.”
So of course his anger left him in a rush when in the next moment he walked in and found Steve asleep on the sofa, no Tony in sight. His shoulders dropped and he felt like his strings had been cut at the sight of the man sleeping, face slack,
The whole process barely took a moment, but Steve followed the tiny movement of his lips as they twitched at the corner and then Tony was exhaling shortly through his nose and taking the coffee. Nearly
Well, that’s not entirely true. He can brew coffee just fine, can even grind the coffee beans himself and not make a mess. But the espresso side of things? Okay, so, to be fair, the
“You’re an idiot,” Tony muttered but he was smiling, grinning actually and before Steve had a moment to get his thoughts in order, Tony was kissing him.
“ He breathed, casting a worried look towards Tony, feeling like such an intruder in their private moment.
there was Tony-in Bucky’s body-pitching forward in an uncoordinated mess, a look of confusion and pain flitting across his brow and then
Steve nodded and glanced over towards the pair and watched as Tony put on the television and started to look for something to watch on
They jumped at the light touch and Tony let out a breath as his fingers skimmed down closer to his cock. “Ah,
Steve smiled from his seat at the kitchen island and Tony went to lean down to give him a little kiss but of course the look of startled surprise on Steve’s face had him pulling up short as he remembered himself. “Uh, I’ll see you later Cap,” He said instead, abruptly pulling away.
,” He found himself saying and Tony’s smile was so totally worth it, even if the smile was on the wrong face, it was still
. Should not have taken me that long to begin with. Then I can’t even touch the holograms because the metal doesn’t respond to it. So frustrating. So I called Pepper, explained what happened and she suggested I take a vacation.
. He knows what happened and yet he’s still restricting some of my access because of stupid protocols. Took me an hour just to get into the suit schematics, which, just
He found he couldn’t truly look away, not even if he wanted to right then. Bucky was so hard and right there, so damn close and Steve wanted him, wanted him so badly. He wanted
Both Bucky and Steve burst out laughing and the brunet shook his head. “Seriously, Tony. 5k shouldn’t have winded you this much, I thought you were a lot fitter than this,” Bucky teased.
body. They both shook their heads in disbelief, unable to tear their gazes away from the other. “I hate magic,” Tony breathed.
There was a curiously fond glimmer in Tony’s dark brown eyes and Steve tried not to let himself get lost in their depths as he held out the coffee in offering. Tony turned to face him fully and Steve waited-
Bruce, Clint and Thor chuckled softly at her and Bucky sighed before pulling his face out of her grasp. She smiled at him in sympathy and shook her head, letting her hands fall to her lap as she observed him.
Tony nodded in agreement, still stuck on stretching and admiring the metal arm. “It's not so bad. I mean, the arm is kinda cool. Not gonna lie,” Tony huffed in amusement, a bit of a manic tilt to his grin.
Steve sighed and looked to her, keeping his voice low as he replied, “I'm afraid I'm going to slip and kiss the wrong one.”
Steve smiled softly and grabbed a blanket off of one of the recliners, carefully draping it over the brunet. “Ah, well. To be fair, Tony really doesn’t get a lot of sleep and Bucky isn’t used to having a regular body, so I can see how he’d feel a bit worn out.”
Steve politely turned away and glanced towards some of the screens surrounding Tony as the man collected himself. “Thanks, Cap. I’m always in the mood for one of your coffees…
He threw himself in front of whatever spell Loki was tossing their way. Tony shouted, Steve shouted, the whole Team was in an uproar when the spell hit. The blinding green light enveloping both Bucky and Tony;
Steve let out a curiously aroused noise and Tony’s eyes snapped open at the sound, his hand dropping to his side and if his eyes narrowed and turned sharp and calculating…
Clint shook his head in disbelief, “You’re probably right. Anyway, I’m going to head over to the range and get in a bit of practice before dinner.”
Bucky took the offered bottle and pill and watched as Tony went to the kitchen and a moment later, reappeared with two crystal tumblers. “I know I can’t get drunk,” Tony admitted, a wry twist to his lips. “But right now…you can.”
Steve was watching the two with a furrow between his brows and Bucky’s frown deepened. “Age is just a number, Tony. You’re only as old as you feel and lemme’ tell ya’-I don’t exactly feel old after a run like that. Sure, a bit tired, but I still feel pretty damn good,” Bucky explained, stretching and rolling his shoulders.
rub it for me?” Tony asked and if Bucky could see him right now, he’d definitely realize that the genius wore a puppy dog face worthy of rivalling even that of Steve Rogers.
Natasha nodded, “Yeah…I can see that. I mean…you’d rather it honestly be you in there instead of just your body. I wonder if Tony will keep his promise…I mean, Steve didn’t say anything about it…maybe he’s-“
“Yeah? That uh…that might be a good idea,” He couldn’t help shooting Tony a smirk as he added, “Seeing as I keep havin’ta roll up the cuffs on all my
Tony was still snoring softly by the time the second movie ended and when Clint yawned and announced that it was definitely bedtime, Tony awoke. He looked around slightly dazed before he seemed to realize where he was and then sleepily got to his feet. Steve smiled up at him and nodded towards the elevators.
Bucky frowned a little and went to open his mouth to brush him off, tell him he was okay or some other lie, but then Tony’s eyes narrowed. “I can tell when I’m thinking about lyin’, Buck. Don’t even try it.”
Tony was eerily silent and there was an unreadable expression on his face, not that Bucky noticed, too busy staring at Steve in askance. “What did he know, Steve?” Bucky asked, voice quiet, gentle and timid in a way Tony had never heard himself sound before.
“Y-you don’t have to go,” Came Steve’s soft whisper. “I just-“ He sighed shakily and Tony just knew he was beating himself up about this. “Can you make up the bed? I’m…I’m going to take a shower, try and clear my head.”
Bucky frowned at him, shaking his head a bit as if to clear it. “Yeah, punk. Who else would it be?” He huffed and tried to get up again and this time Steve let him, looking completely at a loss.
“ Tony huffed, turning his gaze towards his chest of drawers. “I’ll grab you some clothes or-or you can pick some out if you want.”
things to him. He swallowed thickly and turned his head away from the sight of him. “Alright, well…thanks for the clothes…and the shave,” He cleared his throat and went to pick up the bundle of clothes Tony had left on the dresser.
Tony nodded and lowered his hand, gesturing towards Bucky’s chest…er, Tony’s chest…where the Arc Reactor was. Bucky’s eyes widened slightly when it dawned on him. “
Steve vaguely heard the sound of the coffee mug shattering against the floor but neither made a move to pull away from one another right then. Tony’s lips were so damn
Bucky smirked and pushed himself up into a sitting position, resting back on his hands. “Thought I’d go for a bit of a run is all. Didn’t expect it to take quite so much outta’ me,” He laughed.
, I got nothin’ on you,” He muttered with a shake of his head, lifting up his own shirt to show off the clearly well defined abs Bucky’s body possessed.
He took a deep breath and tried to steel himself as he started lathering himself up. Starting with his stomach, he brushed the loofa across his skin and sent up a few prayers as he tried to keep his thoughts from wandering too badly.
Steve let out a sigh of his own. “Bucky’s right. Age is just a number, Tony. You’re strong, healthy and I mean, I don’t know about you, but I don’t know anyone else who could ever successfully pilot your suits the way you do. That definitely takes a great deal of strength on your part.”
, I like to wear it and I felt like something was missing the last couple of days. I hope you don’t mind.”
. “What are you apologizin’ for?” Steve breathed, eyes wide, still panicked and now there was a lovely flush to his cheeks that was
Bucky pinched the bridge of his nose, sighing deeply as he sat down on the living room couch on the communal floor. The Sun was already up behind him and the light was filtering in through the big floor to ceiling windows and bathing the furnishings in the warmth of its morning light. He scrubbed his flesh and blood hand over his face and let out an exasperated huff. This really needed to stop. He needed to truly get a handle on this or so help him-
“If you mean my inability to not be a bumbling idiot when faced with an overwhelmingly beautiful, talented, sweet, adoringly
It didn’t take long for him to bring himself off and soon he was kneeling on the floor of the shower stall, bracing his right hand against the shower wall as he stroked himself faster, harder. He came with a shout and nearly collapsed under the warm spray of the shower. His hips bucked forward and he groaned softly, his breathing laboured as he watched his release wash away.
His suspicions were further confirmed when Tony shifted to bare his throat and spritzed some of it near his right side. Bucky finally managed to get in a breath and it sounded slightly wheezy to his own ears and he could only imagine what it must have sounded like to Tony.
Tony smiled at him and it was a slow spreading smile, one that threatened to turn a little roguish and a hell of a lot dangerous if he found himself so inclined. Bucky swallowed…
“So, this must be hella’ awkward for you, buddy,” Clint huffed and Bucky grimaced, glancing over at the archer.
Tony arched a brow in obvious challenge and Bucky swallowed thickly. “I’m not lying to you…and it hurts that you think I
,” He hummed and Steve smiled a little to himself as he pretended to be absorbed in one of the screens. “You’re really getting better at the whole latte art thing too.”
he’d come into the bathroom in the first place; to shower. He huffed out an exasperated breath and scrubbed his hand over his face, grimacing when he realized he had been expecting the coolness of the metal hand instead of the warm fleshy one. He groaned even louder at that and quickly turned away from the mirror. If he was really going to shower, then he needed to not look at himself while he undressed.
The blond exhaled shakily and shook his head. “Loki came by for a visit and he probably wouldn’t have done anything if I hadn’t-“ He ran a nervous hand through his hair, making a right mess of the strands. “He asked me how I was getting along,” He started again. “Asked me how it was having Bucky back and-
Steve’s face crumpled at his sudden withdrawal and Bucky couldn’t help wincing at the almost grief stricken expression he saw there. “
There was a soft chorus of agreement and Tony shrugged a bit and immediately winced when a bit of a sharp pain lanced through him near the join of the metal shoulder. “
About an hour into his little marathon, he heard a noise off behind him and glanced over the back of the couch to find Tony standing in the entryway of the living room. “Hey,” Bucky greeted quietly.
He let his eyes roam across the expanse of muscle and took in the sight of the scarring around the metal device snugged deeply in his chest. He swallowed hard and reached up with his right hand to gently trace the metal edge of the device. He inhaled sharply as his fingertips caressed the skin where metal met flesh, goosebumps breaking out and racing like wildfire over what felt like his entire body. He was just so goddamn
Tony and Bucky had barely said two words to each other since their initial conversation in the living room and the rest of the Team seemed to notice that Bucky was a little off this morning as well. So they let him be. It happened often enough that no one wished to provoke the man. If he wanted to talk, he would. He never did though.
Bucky nodded sharply and started towards the kitchen ignoring the way he could feel Tony’s gaze tracking along his frame. Soon the two were busy making chocolate chip pancakes and had a pot of coffee put on and it didn't take long for the smells of breakfast to draw out other Team members. The kitchen was promptly full of grumpy Avengers all in the search for coffee and sustenance.
Steve smirked and managed to get out of the way before he ended up on his back. “Oh stop it, you’re like children, I swear,” Steve huffed with a grin.
“So we talked about it, like adults and everything and when I confessed to starting to develop feelings for you,
Tony let out a sort of undignified squeak from across from him and Bucky glanced up to see his body with his hands outstretched and eyes focused nervously on the metal arm. Bucky grimaced, “Tony?” He asked timidly.
His cheeks were flushed a bit and Bucky smiled nervously when Tony finally realized where he was. “Oh, I'm sorry James. I didn’t mean to sleep away on you like that.”
drinks…so that he could maybe make something nice for Tony…on account of the man always doing nice things for him and the rest of the Team.
When he pulled back from his task, he was surprised to find Steve looking up at him, a gentle smile on his face and his baby blues barely visible beneath his heavy lids. “
Tony huffed out a soft breath and took a step closer to the man and when Bucky didn’t spook or move away at all, the genius stepped up to him and gently laid both of his hands, metal and flesh alike, atop his very own shoulders.
Bucky tensed up instantly, the whimpering ceasing as he realized they weren’t alone. Tony was sitting up beside Steve, the soft blue glow of his Arc Reactor illuminating his worried features in the darkened room. He wasn’t wearing a shirt…and they were in Steve’s bed-
“Stole the words right out of my-“ He grimaced, cutting himself off and looked to Bucky apologetically. “Never mind.”
, Bucky in his body, rather incredulously. Bucky was still howling when Tony came over and tossed the door handle onto the counter in front of him and the rest of the Team laughed at the two of them.
decided that we wanted to love you together. Well, it wasn’t exactly a decision I had much control over, and what I mean by that is, I never expected to fall in love with you.
After about ten-minutes of this he managed to pull himself together enough to slip into his bathroom. As soon as he caught sight of himself in the mirror, he groaned. His eyes roamed over the body before him and he struggled to keep his breathing even and his thoughts out of the gutter.
“ Bucky said, turning to look at Tony, though he didn’t meet the man’s eyes. “Uh, just out of curiosity…what uh-what’s the name of that cologne? It-it smells nice, is all.”
“I used to watch her do her makeup, pin her hair up and get ready for a night out. When I was much younger, of course,” He shrugged a little and went over to the vanity, trailing his metal fingers lightly along a delicate looking jar of something or other. “Couldn’t bare to part with it.”
So Bucky followed, followed him all the way up to the penthouse, which…Bucky had never been in before and even Steve and Tony didn’t seem to spend all that much time up here either. Which was a little odd, now that he thought about it.
” Tony announced, folding his arms across his chest. “I love you and Steve loves you and we both want to be with you…” He trailed off a little uncertainly, arms dropping back to his sides. “If you’ll let us.”
Within two-minutes of lathering himself up, he gave in and looked down at the body of one Tony Stark. He inhaled sharply before he let out a soft groan. “
“I love you, Steve…I-“ He exhaled roughly and shook his head. “Never stopped, even when I didn’t know who I was, I knew you, I knew I felt for you, knew I loved you.”
Steve whimpered and did as he was told. He drew the leg farthest from Tony up to plant his foot on the mattress and bent the other, making sure that Tony could see him properly as the hand that had been lightly toying with his nipples slipped down between his legs to fondle at his balls.
Steve’s face finally came into view and he looked so worried and Bucky really did try to get his vision to settle, not enjoying the hazy quality whatsoever. “Tony, what's wrong? Are you okay?”
Steve chuckled softly and shrugged. “Just takes practice is all and you’re welcome. So…uh, what are you working on?”
say anything. Did he always look that terrifying when he was angry? It was no wonder people tended to give him a wide berth. “You don’t have’ta lie to me,” Bucky repeated, quiet, words stilted.
Bucky swallowed hard and looked at them with pleading eyes. “I-I want…that. I want that,” He whispered and Steve’s whole face positively
The whole outburst seemed so uncharacteristic of him though and though it was in Tony’s body, they were still pleased that he was laughing about something. Tony snorted and shook his head while the others mumbled something along the lines of,
See, the Team was well aware of the fact that Bucky was in love with Steve, had been in love with him since the 30’s and although he had never explicitly told them, they sort of just figured it out on their own. He was also pretty sure Steve had never told them what Bucky and he were to each other, once upon a time. He didn’t know about whether or not Tony knew though, thought it might explain
Bucky frowned over at him. “What are you talking about? You’re pretty healthy. I mean, sure you have an unhealthy attachment to coffee, but that’s not so bad. And you do exercise and eat pretty regularly, if Steve has anything to say about it.”
He wasn’t prepared for the genius to suddenly turn to him and give him a stern look and Bucky quickly realized that all those times Tony had called him out on making a
He frowned, wondering if he was having a bad dream or something, but his face remained peaceful…and then he shivered again. Bucky stood, not thinking much of it. Steve was clearly cold, his shoulders only covered by his thin t-shirt and Bucky could fix that. He walked over quietly and gently lifted the edge of the blanket draped around his middle and carefully tugged it up to pull it over his friends shoulders.
But over the months, Bucky had realized one horrible flaw in his master plan. Getting closer to Steve again was one thing when the blond kept giving him puppy-dog eyes and soft proud smiles, but getting closer to Tony was something he really hadn’t seen coming. What he hadn’t seen coming really, wasn’t the fact that he would grow closer to the genius, but the developing…uh,
, but this was all so confusing. Because Bucky wasn’t turned on at the sight of himself, he wasn’t. But Tony was forcing him to look at himself in a different light and it was
Soon enough Bucky found himself in the communal kitchen putting together a sandwich while he waited for the coffee pot to finish brewing. He wasn’t sure why exactly, but he had the overwhelming urge to break the thing if it didn’t hurry the fuck up. He shook himself of the thought and went back to making his sandwich when Tony walked into the room.
He knew he was going out on a limb here, putting himself out there but if he didn’t do it now, would he ever?
Tony was pinching the bridge of his nose, his bright eyes closed and face scrunched up in the absolutely picture of frustration. So of course Steve let his eyes drop to Ton-
Tony guffawed on his way past the Soldier. “I don't take naps, Buck. Not unless they’re post-coital,” Tony said absently as he left the room.
“I’m starting to look a little rough there,” Tony chuckled, touching his chin as if to emphasize his point and Bucky flushed, taking another sip of his drink.
“It looks like the spell was reversed,” Steve said gently as Bucky propped himself up onto his metal arm to better survey them.
. It was only plausible that Steve would fall in love with someone like Tony, but the only problem with that?
-flickered up to fix on his and Bucky swore his heart stopped for an instant. “I think…” Tony said slowly, voice gone a touch softer but gaze no less than piercing. “That there’s plenty of nice things to look at,” He finished and Bucky swallowed past the sudden lump in his throat when Tony placed the metal hand against his thigh and-
Bucky huffed in amusement despite himself, already scrubbing a hand over his face in frustration. He couldn’t help but notice that Tony’s usually well maintained facial hair was starting to get a little unruly…whereas, the scruff that Bucky tended to sport was neat and…freshly trimmed. He felt like a total heel, not having been taking care of Tony’s body enough to even remember to
Bucky to be there with him and the fact that he couldn’t have that was a painful ache in his chest, made his next breath in a bit of a struggle. He found himself whimpering, eyes nearly shutting in his moment of weakness, but he managed to keep them open the barest amount, gaze heavy lidded as he focused on Tony, Bucky’s body, the sound of his best friend’s voice, Tony’s words.
there was a heart-stopping moment where everything was still and eerily so, as if all the air had been vacuumed out of the room in an instant and Bucky didn’t think he’d ever drag in another breath again and then…
“Oh, darling,” He found himself whispering and quietly pulled himself away from the door, knowing that if he stood there any longer, he’d not be able to resist going in and scooping his lover up into the biggest hug he could manage.
Steve sighed, “Maybe. But I mean…it’s not like I can just ask him. How do we even go about telling him of our feelings let alone asking him if he’d like to be a part of a
He stopped breathing, his heart practically sputtering in his chest and then he was shifting onto his side to reach for the box of tissued on the little table nearby. He wiped himself as clean as possible hastily with a desperate sort of urgency now. It didn’t take long for him to right his clothing either, tucking himself back gingerly into his briefs.
that Steve had found someone to be with and sure he had been incredibly surprised by that particular conversation. Finding out your once lover and best friend was dating a new man. Of course it was a bit of a shock and it fuckin’ hurt like hell, Bucky couldn’t deny it. But he consoled himself with the knowledge that if things ever went badly between the pair, he might be able to swoop in and be there for his friend and maybe, just maybe he’d have a chance to be with him the way he wanted to be once more.
Bucky had fled of course and the second he’d flopped down onto the lounge, he’d looked down at himself-
” Tony announced, shifting to face Bucky better. “Bucky, you don’t seem to be getting this, so I’m going to paint a little picture here, alright?”
of Steve with a quirk of his lips, eyes never straying from Steve’s face. “Package deal thing you’ve got going on here and on account of me…being in love with you too.”
Bucky shrugged and flashed him a little smile in return. Steve watched the pair quietly from his spot on the couch with a smile tugging at the corners of his lips and Natasha noticed, of course and plopped herself down next to him. “Hey, Steve,” She greeted, patting his thigh gently.
His anger, his frustration and annoyance at himself was bubbling up and over and he really needed to get a handle on himself if he was really going to do this and do it right.
Tony had insisted upon meeting him that Bucky was welcome in their home, in their lives and when Bucky had tried to make Tony understand all of the terrible things he had done, the genius had simply given him a tiny smile and told him that it was never his choice to do those things. He didn’t need to punish himself for things entirely out of his control.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose and shut his eyes, he looked very young in that moment and Natasha frowned in concern. “It's just...you know Tony doesn’t do the whole feelings thing too well and I’m just an idiot-“ Steve started.
,” He murmured, pressing his lips to the man’s temple as he hugged him that much closer, having started rocking him gently in any attempt to comfort.
panic in a situation like this? Bucky outstretched his hands in front of him, both made of flesh and blood and he inhaled sharply, close to hyperventilating when he took in the sight of his frame. “Oh my God,” He breathed, his eyes widening in obvious shock.
Spinning on his heel he made his way back over to the espresso machine and proceeded to pour a cup of milk into the stainless steel milk frother, other hand already picking up the cinnamon and nutmeg he would add momentarily. Bucky would be down in a moment and Steve was ready to ask him for yet another favour, however, no sooner had he let the thought cross his mind, did the cellphone in his back pocket vibrate.
and really, what more could Steve ask for other than for the man to be healthy and happy and okay, so, he was working on that aspect of his life, but Steve knew he would get there in time.
He groaned in annoyance and rubbed his hand over his face, scratching at Tony’s facial hair and then smoothing it down. He sighed and shifted on the couch, leaning his back up against the arm rest and stretching out his legs a little.
The two nodded and said their goodbyes and soon Bucky was alone in the quiet of their apartment. He sighed deeply and rest back against his bedroom door, glancing around at his bedroom he suddenly realized he really didn’t want to do anything for the rest of the day. Not entirely sure what to do with himself, he started with a shower and this time, he managed to keep his mind busy elsewhere for the duration of his routine.
You see, this wasn’t the first time Loki had showed up at the Tower uninvited and it surely wouldn’t be the last. But as of late, his only mission had seemed to revolve around stirring shit up and causing a bit of a raucous for the Team. Hardly anything to really worry over, but his early morning visit didn’t bode well for the remainder of their day.
Tony grinned and waggled his eyebrows suggestively, to which Steve rolled his eyes, his cheeks stained a light pink as he turned his attention away from Tony’s body. Bucky let his shirt slip back into place and shook his head in disbelief at the genius.
Exasperated, he turned on the shower and let it run before grabbing a fresh towel and setting it on the hook by the door. Studiously avoiding the mirror and looking down at himself, he managed to divest himself of his shirt, pants and briefs and soon he was standing under the hot spray over the shower, still-
“Eyes on me,” He demanded and Steve hurried to open them. “That’s better,” Tony praised. “Go on and touch yourself for me, sweetheart. I want to see you dirty up those abs.”
Steve was shaking his head before he’d even finished speaking. “That-that’s not why I don’t come down here, Tony,” Steve said gently and Tony’s brow furrowed.
than the bedroom eyes he’d been exuding but it was. But well, Bucky pouting had always been a weakness for him, wanting to make that bottom lip purse, press his thumb down on it a little and part those pretty pink lips so he could lick inside.
smiling at them both with such a deep look of longing on his handsome face and Bucky found himself reaching out for the man, Tony coming even closer and then they were
Tony frowned, shaking his head in his own brand of confusion and Steve blinked stupidly at him. “But you…don’t like coming down here, maybe it’s too sterile, smells weird? Or maybe it’s all the machines, the tech. That’s why you don’t come visit, right?”
Bucky grimaced and glanced away sheepishly. “You should listen to him, Buck,” Steve murmured and Bucky deflated, nodding.
“To be able to see yourself like this. Even if it’s not entirely me. I am a narcissist after all, so of course I’m getting a kick out of this,” He snickered and Bucky glanced away, feeling the man’s gaze like a brand on his skin;
Steve was instantly standing in front of him, hands hovering nervously over Tony, but not quite touching him. “What’s the matter?”
Bucky watched them quietly, feeling for all the world like an intruder in their private moment yet again. He tried to keep his outward features neutral but couldn't help his brows creasing slightly as he averted his gaze. Steve seemed to notice and cleared his throat, however, “So, everything okay Buck?”
Clint and Natasha just grinned knowingly at him and soon he was racing out of the kitchen and towards the safety of his apartment. As soon as he managed to lock himself in his bedroom, he lost it. He started hyperventilating and did everything in his power to keep his breathing under control. Easier said than done, of course.
He came, grip just the side of too-tight-not-enough and thrust his hips up, fucking into his fist pointedly as he coated his stomach, the warmth of his come nothing in comparison to the heat of his skin. Tony was moaning-
Tony rolled his eyes and shrugged, “Yeah well. Now I don't have a choice.” He huffed as he came over towards where Bucky was sitting.
Not five-minutes later did Bucky really begin to question his life choices and how they’d led him to this moment. He was sitting as still as he possibly could…on Tony’s bathroom counter, hands planted on either side of the cool marble in an attempt to ground himself while Tony-while Tony…
“I-“ Steve started and then had to take a slow breath before he could continue. “I don’t come down here often…partly because of the technology, yes. You were somewhat right about that, but at the same time, no…I-I’m not making any sense, am I?”
Tony laughed, soft as if he were embarrassed by the compliment and Bucky couldn’t help his smile. “Thanks,” He chuckled, shaking his head as he stood back up and even if he hadn’t managed to get some of the little hairs to quite stick where they were meant to, they did frame his-
It never worked and when Steve could finally bring himself to look back up at his friend, Bucky’s attention would be turned elsewhere, usually sipping at his sweet coffee with an all too knowing tilt to his lips.
“Scoot up, lay on the pillows and make yourself more comfortable, darling,” Tony murmured and Steve’s breathing hitched.
Natasha sighed and patted his thigh, “Any idea when you two are going to finally have that talk with him?”
Tony immediately raised his left hand and shook a metal finger at him menacingly, practically scowling at the soldier. Bucky swallowed hard and frowned. “Barnes. It is pretty bad. I mean, yeah it’s not excruciating, but you’re clearly in pain like-
And it was quiet here, so much so that every soft gasp and shaky breath he took felt as if they echoed around him. And he was doing
liked that he became a bumbling idiot in the face of the man and all of his technology. But really, when
She leaned in real close to him and took a deep breath close to his ear, bright eyes flickering down his frame before meeting his eyes once again. “You smell like sex, after all.”
Tony rolled his eyes, only half annoyed. “I’m fit, Barnes. No doubt about it. But my body doesn’t do running, no. I lift light weights and go for short jogs here and there. But most of my workouts consist of lifting heavy pieces of metal, squatting and the like in the comfort of my lab while I work on the suits.”
Steve’s frown deepened, but he hesitated a beat, looking over his friend carefully. “Buck, come on. You’re not fine. You don’t have to lie-“
The others had given them a bit of space and Bucky really couldn’t fault them for it. Bucky felt like he was hanging on by a thread and Tony, although seemed to be fairing rather well, Bucky could tell that he was just as upset by the whole thing. And now with this thing about a possible
Neither seemed to know how to break their little stare-off but thankfully Steve seemed to pick up on the slight struggle and jerked his thumb over his shoulder towards the mats. “Did you want to spar for a bit, Tony?”
And then he’d found out shortly after arriving that Tony and Steve had been dating for almost six months prior to finding out that Bucky was alive and…that threw him back a few steps. That right there, that was a crushing blow he had not been prepared for in the slightest, but surprisingly he had handled it pretty well. At least, he thought he had.
“You’re going to march in there and lay it all out,” Bucky breathed, unaware that his hands had started to shake, that the tension in his shoulders was becoming near unbearable. “You’re going to tell them how you feel and you’re
But every time Steve wordlessly placed a cup of whatever today’s drink was in front of the brunet, he would look up and catch Steve’s big round puppy-dog eyes…and then he’d sigh deeply, take a moment to pretend to think about it…and then promptly leave to deliver the coffee to Tony. And every time he came back to the kitchen, Steve would have an absurdly sweet coffee made for him in thanks.
Tony guffawed and Bucky grinned. He was entirely unprepared for Tony to grab the towel from his hands and then proceed to smack his side with it. He yelped in surprise and darted away from the man, but he was grinning as he attempted to flee the bathroom. Tony was glaring but at least he was grinning too. So there was that.
, however. Though, he was pretty sure his friends had caught on rather quickly to that little tidbit. Regardless, the espresso machine was one of those bits of technology he still struggled with and it wasn’t entirely because it had a thousand settings. Oh no, he’d figured them out well enough after a few trial an errors. He’d made Bucky many a latte and cappuccino, even an
Bucky was slowly coaxing Tony to the side in hopes of Steve coming to stand in front of him and if not, Bucky wouldn’t have a problem standing in his path, but Loki seemed to realize what he was doing and grinned before he was brandishing a sceptre in their direction. There was only a split second to react and Bucky did the only thing he could think of.
and collapsed back into warm arms. He wasn’t sure how long he was out when he started to feel hands on him, rubbing at his arms soothingly. He groaned softly. “What-“ He cleared his throat and tried again, the sound of his voice coming out all wrong. “What’s going on? Why do I sound different?” He muttered, shaking his head in an attempt to clear it; it felt like it was full of cotton candy.
“Brother, you need to stop this foolishness. Whatever you have come here to do, enough. Just leave us, please. You've done enough,” Thor insisted, worried gaze flickering to Steve for a half second.
at the wood as if it held all the answers to the known universe. But he could hear movement on the other side and he quickly darted back down the hallway. He could ask Steve the question later, it seriously wasn’t important.
Thankfully, he didn’t spill the coffee in his hand and smiled apologetically at the robot and carefully sidestepped him. Tony was laughing lightly under his breath and Steve smiled sheepishly at him as he got a little closer.
Bucky rolled onto his side and looked over at the genius, but only started laughing harder and in turn let out a very raspy wheeze. Steve knelt down beside him and rubbed his back a bit, “Well? Are you dyin’ Buck?” He teased.
Bucky shook his head as the man rolled his eyes, “It’s not stupid, Tony. It’s a part of you. Here-“ He tried, motioning for the genius to come and sit with him.
Tony was whispering something to him, but all Steve heard was the sound of Bucky’s voice, that low timbre, the rough aroused rumble that Steve just knew would be the death of him someday. He whimpered-
“Alright, well, we’ll see you guys later, I guess,” Tony told them as he started out of the kitchen, Steve following close behind.
Steve shrugged, “Nothing substantial. He’s actually just gone to get cleaned up and we were gonna’ grab a bite to eat. Want to join us?”
-you’re okay, Buck. Shhh,” Steve murmured, wrapping his arms around his friend and cradling him tightly to his chest.
when he went about teaching the Team how to use the new bits of tech. He was especially patient with Steve, at least, he thought so.
“Here,” Tony announced as he came back into the living room with a pill in his flesh hand and a bottle of scotch in the other.
espresso machine that sits apart from the regular coffee maker is a bit intimidating. Not only because it has a thousand and one additional settings that also includes a steamer, but because it was
Tony snorted and shook his head, “I don’t run, Barnes. I jog…at a leisurely pace when it’s called for.”
Steve just smiled, shrugging lightly as he made to pull back, to give him more space. Tony didn’t let him, his hands quickly gripping the front of his too tight t-shirt and keeping him right where he wanted him.
Bucky sighed softly and reached up to pinch the bridge of his nose, not really sure how to talk about this. He shook his head slightly and let his hand fall back to his side. “Look, it’s not a big deal, Tony. I appreciate the concern, but I’m used to it. It really doesn’t bother me anymore,” Bucky told him…only somewhat honestly.
Steve breathed a soft barely there sigh of relief. “Yeah, Tony,” He murmured, brushing his nose lightly against Tony’s. “Might also have something to do with the fact that I’m definitely in love with you…”
“In all fairness, you should probably at least take a shower and you’re going to have to piss eventually,” Natasha told him with a little smirk.
Bucky swallowed hard and nodded, glancing down at the genius still trapped in his body. “Sorry...I know this must be really weird for you, Stevie,” Bucky murmured before taking a small sip of his coffee.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up as he watched his lover shake his head and start biting his lower lip in that all too nervous tick of his. Now Tony was really damn curious. “
He paused and cast a calculating glance to his lover before his hands went to the hem of his t-shirt and soon the waistband of his sweats. No underwear of course. He
Bucky let out a terrible sob and Steve’s arms tightened reflexively around him. “Buck, you’re okay. I’m here, I’ve got you. You’re alright,
Bruce nodded hastily before the two were heading out of the kitchen together, but not before they patted the brunet on the shoulder on their way by in reassurance. Once it was just Clint, Natasha and Bucky left in the kitchen, however, all hell broke loose.
“Come on, Steve,” Tony wheedled and Steve’s gaze snapped up to meet his. “We don’t even have to touch each other.”
Natasha shrugged gently, “Maybe he doesn’t really believe that. Maybe he wants to believe it but is too afraid of he consequences to consider it.”
but Bucky didn’t notice, too busy looking into his glass. “Don’t know why,” Tony started, voice having dropped an octave. “I think there’s plenty of nice things to look at.”
He does, however, still struggle with some of the appliances littered throughout the compound. He can use the stove in the apartment he shares with Bucky…and the microwave, the simple coffee maker they have and the kettle. He can use the waffle iron and the grill they sometimes use. What he does struggle with, is the fancy coffee maker in the communal kitchen.
Tony’s eyes widened and Steve just…stopped talking. “You…you said I was overwhelming and I-I thought that was a
“Yeah, think I'll head down to the gym and get in a bit of a workout after breakfast. Not sure what else I can really get up to today, seeing as how I’m still uh...not me?” He offered with a shrug.
Tony hummed, shaking his head, but he wasn’t looking away from himself and Bucky tried not to squirm beneath his stare and
Tony let out a soft laugh at that and Steve cracked a small smile while trying to collect himself. “So…I don’t come down here often…because you and technology-well, it’s a lot, you know? You just…”
And Tony huffed a soft laugh at himself, reluctantly prying his metal hand away from his lap, glancing up to find Steve’s expression shifting from needy and turned on to-
Tony’s eyes crinkled adoringly as he pressed in closer, gently tugging Steve in by the back of his neck. “Yeah, champ. Now…kiss me again?”
Tony hummed under his breath as he let himself look his fill, the blond laid out against the lighter beige comforter with delicate filigree that spread down the sides of the bed. “Well, don’t you look pretty,” Tony murmured, but Steve knew Tony wasn’t really talking to him.
“Oh no you don’t,” Tony warned, already following him to the bedroom. “It’s been going on 36 hours now with no hanky panky. I’m going just as crazy as you are and I know how you get,
Tony huffed, but didn’t disagree. They fell into an uncomfortable silence after that and Bucky shifted, knowing he’d overstayed his welcome. “I should go-“
Steve frowned deeply, brows creased and lip drawn between his teeth. He nodded sharply, “I understand...but he has to know that I’d never give up our friendship for anything.”
Bucky shook his head, already heading for the elevators, “Thanks, Nat. But no, I’ll be alright. Have a good night.”
He felt rather winded, breathless in the face of his orgasm and he shook his head at himself. He glanced down at his come covered hand and made a curiously startled sound as he noted some of the pearly liquid splashed against his still quivering abs. He swallowed thickly at the sight. Tony was by no means a gym rat and yet he did manage to keep in exceptional shape with piloting the armour and his time in the workshop.
Steve’s eyes were wide, his lips parted in surprise and his eyebrows were definitely up in his hair line. The rest of the Team were all trying desperately to hide their grins and Tony immediately back-pedalled. “I-I mean. To work out-
” Tony chided and Steve’s hand stilled in its path. “You’re going to look at me while you touch yourself, Steve.”
to stop the slow, hopeful smile from blooming on his lips and it wasn’t long before Tony’s were stretching into a tentative smile of his own. “Yeah?”
Bucky exhaled shakily, gaze flickering to Steve for an instant and swallowing thickly before looking back to Tony when he continued. “And then he met me and let’s face it, it’s me so
Of course Bucky blushed awfully hard at that and glanced around to see if anyone had heard Tony. Of course they all had and he quickly looked to Steve, “I-I didn’t-honest.” He tried, but even he didn’t sound convincing to his own ears.
It didn’t take too long before Steve let the tips of his fingers trail back up the path of his abs and chest and Tony knew he was stalling, giving himself a minute to work up to it and Tony let him, knowing that he would give in eventually.
Bucky left the apartment in a rather mad dash to escape and Tony was left floundering in the living room when Steve came barrelling in looking dishevelled and flushed,
“I’m sorry,” He blurted and Tony stilled before slowly bringing his gaze back up to meet Bucky’s. “I-I know you wouldn’t lie to me, I just…I don’t know why I said that.”
He had moved into the Tower under Steve and Tony’s insistence over four months ago and while it hadn't been easy in the least, he was finally starting to feel comfortable there, in large thanks to Tony, Steve and even the rest of the Team. Everyone looked out for him and while he still clung to Steve like a bad smell most days, he was slowly starting to feel more and more like his old self with some very obvious differences, mind.
Tony frowned and came over to lean against the back of the couch. “It’s stupid…I’m sorry I bothered you. I’ll just try and go back to bed.”
. And that was really the kicker for Steve. Because he knew Tony didn’t regret taking the extra time to teach Steve something new, knew that he wasn’t frustrated or annoyed when Steve asked him a question.
Bucky shook his head adamantly. “I-I’m alright, Stevie. I’m sorry. You should go back to Tony,” He tried to insist.
Thor seemed to deflate a little, bright eyes shifting from Tony to Bucky…back to Tony again…and then Bucky…and then surprisingly…
Stretched out on one of the chaise lounges in the Tower’s library. He didn’t even think most of the Team knew that they even
Steve blinked, obviously shocked by what he’d done and soon he too was getting up in a rush to speak to Bucky, to
eyes-when he finally managed to speak, instead his bright blue gaze was fixed over his shoulder at nothing in particular.
He didn’t have to wait long and he held his breath when Steve’s dark gaze turned to him and in the same instant, the hand he’d let fall to the bed beside him, reached up to grab the base of his cock in a harsh grip, a terribly wonderful groan catching in his throat at the sight of
Steve huffed a breath through his nose and Tony watched as he shifted from one foot to the other. He dropped his gaze to-
Steve felt himself tense and he tried very hard not to let his shoulders hunch or his body curl inwards in an attempt to hide. “I bring you coffee sometimes,” He mumbled, trying not to sound too petulant and failing.
Steve was shouting, letting loose a terrified yell that rang in Bucky’s ears, probably Tony’s too and then they were falling.
Bucky and Tony just grinned and soon Bucky was walking over to grab a bottle of water for himself. “Just take it easy on my body, please? I’m not exactly in the prime of my life and it definitely shows,” Tony huffed.
His gaze got caught on the Arc Reactor, however, and he took a moment to just look at the incredible piece of technology while he continued to stroke himself slowly, his grip firm. That was another thing entirely; the
of technology…he was just intimidated by it…sometimes. Usually whenever it somehow involved Tony Stark and living in Stark’s compound Steve found himself constantly
Tony’s next breath was a hitch of a thing and then he was taking a few careful steps towards the reading chair by the window without taking his eyes off his lover. “Lose the pants…and shirt,” He ordered, just as Steve turned to sit.
that about him. He thought it would make him feel coddled in the beginning and the first couple of times Tony had tried to teach him something new, he had bristled and denied needing assistance. That had lasted all of an afternoon when Steve had nearly beat himself over the head with his StarkBook. He couldn’t even login to the damn thing in the beginning.
. Loki was yelling something, cackling gleefully and unfortunately he couldn’t quite make it out, but then it was over.
Steve was nodding when Bucky looked to him and Bucky was at a complete loss and he wished he had handled all of this better but-
“What happened?” Tony blurted and watched in incredulity as Steve’s cheeks went just that much darker.
The moaning persisted along with Steve’s muffled pleas to keep it down. He was clearly laughing though and Bucky couldn’t help blush even deeper whenever the sound of his moaning carried across the hall to him for almost another ten-minutes.
Bucky unfortunately missed the odd look Steve shot him as he exited the kitchen, but Natasha, Bruce, Thor and Clint did not fail to notice it. The minute the two could be heard getting into the elevator and the doors closed, Natasha was practically on him. Literally hopping up onto the counter beside him and grabbing his face in her delicate hands.
Natasha huffed in amusement, "Ah, well to be honest with you. I think just coming out with it should do it. Preferably when he’s in his right body, though.”
Steve shuddered at the light command and found himself turning his head away from his lover. Tony’s gaze narrowed at the move, but one of the blond’s hands did start to caress down his body, ghosting over an already peaked nipple and then lower to caress over his abs.
Natasha and Clint smirked at him. “Well, you should and you will,” She singsonged, coming back towards him with an orange in hand.
“Enough, James. I’m going to make sure I do everything in my power to help you with this, alright? I can get you a massage therapist, maybe even a physiotherapist if it’ll help. But I think you should let me help you with this. I can’t bear to think that you’re in this kind of pain all the time, it isn’t right. It’s not fair,” Tony told him sternly, his brows pinched up in concern.
Bucky couldn’t accept that, not yet. Not even now, really. And when he had unceremoniously confessed to killing Tony’s parents right there in the damned hallway, backpack of his few meagre possessions slung over his good shoulder, Tony’s face had gone tight for the barest of nano-seconds and then he calmly blew out a breath and told him he knew that the Winter Soldier was the one responsible for the deaths of his parents and in the same vein, told him that there really was nothing to forgive him for because it wasn’t him. How could Tony forgive someone for something they simply didn’t do? It had been Hydra, pure and simple. According to Tony.
"Would you mind if I started breakfast?" Natasha asks, sliding off of the bed. "The smell of bacon might resuscitate Clint."
"What if I told you that you were one half of the reason?" Natasha drummed her fingers on the table top, inspecting Tony like she usually did when trying to decide whether or not he was telling the truth.
"What? Tony no!" Rhodey protested knowing exactly what Tony had taken from the conversation, but he was cut off by the call being ended.
"What's the least labor intensive one?" Steve asks instead, because Tony is right. Tony is always right.
That drew a cold laugh from Tony, because it almost sounded believable. "Do you know how long I wished you'd say that to me? How many times I wished for you would call me up out of the blue and tell me how much you missed me?" Shaking his head Tony could feel himself getting angry again. "It's really funny how you can wish for something so long and when it finally happens you literally feel nothing."
Turns out Steve's farm house was at the end of one of those dead end roads that Tony decided he hated so much, because of course it would be. Once the pavement ended and turned to gravel, the cab he took from the hotel still carried on another ten minutes before it came upon the drive way. Also gravel - what was it with country people and their gravel Tony thought to himself.
The metal plates of the armor squealed as he banked a corner, maybe a little too tightly, barely an inch from the brick side of a building. "One Sec-" Iron Man huffed into the comms, twisting to his back, and engaging his repulsors, not only sending the ugly green drone crashing to the street below him, but boosting his speed a fraction. "Take that!" He cheered triumphantly.
"I didn't realize it was this simple." Steve says, settling back down onto his seat, and unfolding his news paper. "I just post a picture of something stupid and the world goes crazy."
Steve's eyes widened only slightly as he looked at Tony, a faint blush coming out of the collar of his too-tight shirt. "N-no" Steve stuttered out, before clearing his throat and quickly trying to save face. "it's fine. Any time. Really."
Tony doesn't even try and stop the smile that finds his face once his eyes land on the next picture. They were on a pier, and Steve had his arms wrapped around Tony, his head resting on top of Tony's, who's face was all scrunched up in laughter.  He remembered having to ask five different people before someone stopped and took it for them. The guy who finally stopped had asked which one was the girl in the relationship, and it caused Tony to break into a fit of laughter.
"You were so young." Natasha laments, flipping to the next page, Bucky's curiosity had got the best of him, and he had moved to look over her shoulder.
"How was your day?" Steve asked, turning his attention out the large widows, as if for reference before back down at his paper.
"What?" Steve asked, though still not missing a beat, as he threw a left hook, which Natasha of course dipped out of the way with ease, before he was jumping back from a mean roundhouse she shot out. "Like what?"
Its awkward for only a moment, before Steve is ducking his head and catching Tony's mouth with his own one more time. This time there's no mad dash for the door, they sit tangled together on the floor slowly basking in the aftermath that is one another.
"I think it's kinda fun actually." Tony swipes a hand over one of the screens before glancing back at Steve. "People want to know what it's like to be us, no harm in showing them a little bit.  You might enjoy it actually."
And when Tony gets close he breathes out the most obscene words, causing Steve to groan out primal and raw, and it's the only warning that Tony is about to come, in flashes of hot white across their stomachs and it doesn't take Steve a moment longer to finish himself deep inside of Tony.
Tony looks down at their hands, fingers interlocked together, fitting perfectly like they once did, and he knows that this is just
"Just help me." Tony nearly wined, brushing a hand over the front of his black button up."Did you get the photo yet?"
"I've had my struggles." Steve said with a roll of his eyes. "but still she will be road ready when I'm done with her."
"Jesus Tony!" Steve immediately dropped his arms, feeling heat rise up his neck, there was no way in hell his face wasn't bright red, Tony noticed, because he threw his head back and laughed.
"And you are sure there is nothing that can convince you to come along?" Tony had to ask, at least once more.
Carefully, and slowly, Steve removed himself from the edge, feet falling back on to solid ground. Pins and needles shooting up his legs as he did. Tony’s face was set in stone, as he watched every step Steve took. Closer to the door, further from the edge. Literally anyways.
"Hey Clint." Steve tried to keep his tone normal, just a regular afternoon stumbling into the living room and running into a teammate. Not like he had asked Jarvis where to find him, nope. He must have been doing a good job, because Clint barely gave him a grunt in reply, eyes still trained on the television.
Inhaling, Steve could feel the frozen snowflakes tickle his nose, the snow always brought a calm, a clean feeling above the dirty streets. Falling and blanketing everything it could with the purest white. The street traffic fell to a minimum with only the odd sirens filling the air after night fall. If it wasn't for the chill that met his bones, winter would have been his favorite time, but it never could be again. Not without the nightmares and the guilt.
"I dunno." Natasha said with a half shrug, looking down to the papers in front of her. "Sounds like you were pretty drunk, Steve said-"
"No, sir." J.A.R.V.I.S. said and Tony could finally relax, leaning against the cool tile of the shower in relief. Or so he thought. "But you did voice your desire to ride him."
"He did eventually say hello." Steve says after chewing and swallowing his food. "It just happened the next morning."
Steve takes a photo while he's at a baseball game, another one while he's grocery shopping, he posts a picture of some adorable dogs he meets on one of his morning runs. There's artsy ones of his drawings, of the city, of strangers he stumbles upon. He posts photos of the jet, and some photos post battle.
So many of visual comments were about how they made a cute couple. Steve would pretend that didn't bother him. Because it didn't, He knew better. He did, he
"Oh Give me some credit." Pepper said with a roll of her eyes, stepping into the elevator as it arrived. "I removed him the day you landed, just like you asked."
Tony loosened his tie as he stepped through the penthouse door, noticing a pair of sneakers tucked away beside the entry, and a smile fell onto his lips. He toed off his own dress shoes, before stepping into the penthouse living room. The city lights twinkled in front of the December sun that was already setting behind the horizon, the light just barely peaking through the large floor to ceiling windows.
"I wanted to say that I love you, and I have for gosh, a year now-" Steve turned his attention back to Tony, who couldn't help but meet the blue eyes with his own. "I've hidden a lot of myself from the people most important to me for a long time and I don't want to do that anymore. You accepted me, you've loved me and cared for me, and fuck the people that think you are somehow a bad influence over me - I fought in the war, I grew up in Brooklyn for Christs sake, Tony Stark is amazing, and I'm the lucky one who gets to call him my boyfriend, and I'm done with hidin"
"So segregation ended in the sixties, right?" Steve pulled a hand down his face, looking up at the holographic screen above Tony's head. A collection of videos and news articles displayed just for him. An attempt to help him understand his current predicament.
Steve's fingers hovered over the post button for a second more before he looked up at Sam. "Is this pushing it too far?"
Before Steve had a chance to press any further Sam came up behind him, wrapping his arm around his shoulders. "Look who finally decided to join us."
"Aren't you supposed to be the boy genius?" Steve asked, before shifting on the couch so he was able to reach into his pocket, pulling out a small black box.
Steve does his best to pretend he doesn't notice, because it's clear Tony doesn't want to stop, but he doesn't want to be caught
On the ride to the hotel they make plans, Steve will come to New York in two weeks time, and util then, promises to learn how to use the phone, properly. They only have a mild set back at the hotel, in the form of Tony mentioning that the only person he shared his hotel bed with the entire trip was Natasha.
Steve looked confused as he came up to the work table. "Tony, I don't want you to take them back. Unless of course, you didn't mean them, I just wanted you to know, that I knew."
Steve moved his sketchbook, gently tossing it onto the coffee table, along with the charcoal pencil that landed with a clank. "My hands are dirty." He stated, relaxing his body underneath Tony's weight.
Thankfully the elevator came to a stop and the doors opened revealing Tony's floor.  "Let's get you to bed." was all Steve could say, urging him out of the elevator.
Steve nearly melts into Tony's lips, and all his defenses are crashing, fast and hard. "Fine." he breathes out. "I'll get the photograph one, you can help me."
There was no reply from Tony and a quick look at the clock made Natasha realize she didn't have time for this. "Your self loathing is old." She reached up pressing a finger to her ear. "Someone send Pepper."
Back on her heels she pressed in his pass code - curse her personal assistant  accesses - and opened his voicemail. "Steve doesn't call people Tony, he doesn't leave messages, he has a fucking flip phone for God sake."
Steve was offering up a hand towel as Tony switched off the taps. "Howard had no idea what his son was capable of on his own. You've taken his company and made it your own, all on your own when no one thought you could."
Tony eyed Clint for a second wondering how serious he was, but his face didn't give a hint away, and he figured he should just suck it up and do this one favor, the last thing he needed was Natasha freaking out, again. "Fine." He said stepping back into his hotel room.
"Tony." He requested, toeing off his shoes before making his way any further into the home. "Sorry I wasn't the stripper."
"No where around here makes Californian Burritos like we like them." Steve once again finishes, this time looking up from his book and offering a sympathetic frown.
It didn't take long for Tony to fall asleep next to him and with the state of the current news, Steve couldn't blame him.
"I know." Tony cringed and then looked back down at the gauntlet on the table. "It's not the kiss that's bothering me."
"Fair." Tony shrugged, after the kissing Sam Wilson mishap, there had been a lot of hearsay about Steve Rogers, this seemed a bit extreme, but if here was one thing Tony had learned about Steve, it was that he rarely did things simply. "But why the surprise?"
"Do you torture everyone else as much as you do to me?" Steve asked, with exasperated fondness, something he had gotten used to using a lot around Tony.  His bike looked exactly the same as it had when he left it on the street side, and he knew that this was just what Tony did, he helped, he fixed, he was generous and kind and stubborn, and so Tony.
"Lesson learned." Pepper replied dryly, sorting out her papers and tucking them back into a folder. "Your turn now, next time I ask you to pay attention in a meeting because I'll be calling to you to talk, pay attention."
They had spent the entire day at the lake, drinking, smoking pot and eating junk food, and right after Tony did that back flip off the dock, Steve called him crazy and then said he loved him. Tony remembers laughing it off, because no one could love him. Later when they were kissing under the stars, Steve repeated himself and Tony knew it was real.
Steve sighs and scratches at his forehead. He's struggling to comprehend how he ended up here. Wondering how any of this mattered in the grand scheme of his life.
Tony happily obliges. because he too hadn't been able to get the picture of Steve on top of him out of his head, and had spent many nights in the shower recreating just that. Only this time is different, it's hot but it's not a mess.
"Did you want me to come back early?" Tony offered, choosing to ignore the puzzled look Pepper was giving him. "I Could fly home right after the ceremony."
"Wow." Clint's commentary did not go unpunished, as it was quickly followed up with a yelp, likely by Natasha's doing, but Tony didn't see. Tony was too busy staring at Steve.
"You're an idiot." Steve finds himself saying fondly, even a smile is threatening to split his face. "They want me to get a social media presence."
"I was wondering if I could kiss you." Steve immediately see's the confusion wash over Clint's face, so he quickly finds himself adding. "On the cheek, for a social media experiment."
"There's gel in there." She smirked sitting back against the arm of the couch. "Steve did you get all done up for us?"
"Fine." Tony turned to the coffee machine, grabbing a mug from the cupboard above it. "You know, the usual headache, nausea, general feeling of warmed over death." He poured the liquid to the very top of the mug, before lifting it up to his mouth letting out the most satisfied hum he could. "Strangest thing though." He took a long sip, letting the bitterness fill his mouth and calm his soul, before turning around to finally face both of the people in the kitchen with him. "I don't remember much of anything from last night, I don't even know how I got home."
Tony could hear pepper sigh, and the phone rattle as she looked at what had been texted to her. "You look fine." there was a slight pause before she added. "Are you standing on your toes in this photo?"
There was a hint of a sigh in Tony's words as he spoke, but Steve knew to ignore it, after all Tony was currently doing him a favor, now was not the time to start one of their famous arguments. "Your phone uses something called the cloud to sort of, back up your phones information." Tony chose his words carefully as he explained just how the cloud worked, but he didn't bother dumbing it down too much, and honestly, Steve was thankful for that.
Between his fingers, Tony spun the metal around, feeling the scuffs that covered it. That would teach him to never take it off, to ruin something as beautiful as simple as the ring. He had dirtied it, he had become attached to it, he had loved it so much he destroyed it. Like everything else.
"He got more likes than he has followers." Maria replied, before her dark eyes fall back onto Steve.
"You know, for what it's worth, I think you're really attractive too." Steve leaned forward into Tony's space. "I can't promise you flowers and radio songs, but I'd definitely like to kiss you."
"And thirdly." Tony spoke, lifting a third finger to make his point. "I do not have the time, or the energy to date right now."
Steve dropped his head, his lips moving down Tony's neck as his hands continued to move, gently stretching and dragging. His teeth grazed against his pulse point and Tony's head fell back, his hips grinding down.
"Hey, so-" Steve tried again, standing behind the couch and looking at what it was Clint was watching, an HGTV renovation show - he wouldn't judge. "You're always up to do something risky or inappropriate right?"
Steve once again found himself rolling his eyes in affection, which was something he never figured he'd be doing in response to Tony Stark.
Tony's smirk turns soft and then he's rolling his chair towards the work table. "Guess it depends what you qualify as work." he taps his palms onto the table, as he talks, almost always needing to be moving. "Instagram I think would be best for you, it's just pictures and optional captions. It's simple. You can add filters and make posts all artsy and fancy, just like you make everything else."
"Boring." Steve spoke, turning his attention back to his sketch. "Bucky and Clint hung out for a bit, something about getting us a Christmas tree for the dinner, oh, and we're also apparently hosting a Christmas dinner." he paused long enough to examine the newest marks to his paper, and Tony enjoyed the way his eyebrows knotted together and then relaxed as if satisfied with his work. "I think it's just Clint's excuse to come drink your bar dry, but -" he finished, pulling his blue eyes form his art work. "What?"
Steve's strides were long, and quick, as he marched across the room in reply, and Tony leaned into the embrace, allowing their mouths to fit together just like they always had, only this time it was slow, and careful. Tony drank up every moment, every touch as his hands slowly danced around the man pressed against him, while Steve did the same. Every graze of skin against skin meant something, If this was it, truly it, he was going to make it last. He was going to use every inch of his being to make Steve understand, to make him feel.
"I found out, we broke up, yadda yadda-" Tony tried, he didn't want to be here for this he didn't want to live through these memories a second time.
Sam's eyebrows raised, feigning shocked as if he hadn't been trying convince Steve of that very fact for the past ten minutes. "Look man -" he sighed, "It's your life, I'm just saying maybe check with the powers that be, before you go crazy."
When he got to the lobby, he decided he need to be as far away from this place, as far away from Steve, as possible. Tony turned towards the main doors, and was pushed forward, out into the cool evening air. The sun was just starting to set, and the street lamps had flickered on, and Tony wondered how long it would take him to walk to the airport.
Tony looked down at the filters, deciding it best not to use one at all, before he glanced back at the man sleeping next to him. He had held on to this photo for months, waiting for the perfect day to post it, and well, there's no time like the present.
"No." Steve finds himself sighing as he admits. "It appears the public isn't too concerned if I kiss Clint, in fact people called it a cute bromance."
"You've met?" Natasha's voice was carrying from somewhere near by, but Tony only had tunnel vision, his ears were ringing and as much as he wanted to pretend like this was all a bad dream all he could do was stare straight at head into the face of the only man to have ever broken his heart.
"And then you what?" She questioned, almost basking in the look of recognition that flashed over her bosses face. "You forgot to press send didn't you?"
It had been nearly ten years, and he was still head over heels for her - they had tried that can't sleep kind of romance, but it wasn't for them. Better off as friends, but the type of friend you would sell your soul to save. Which is why Tony was finding it nearly impossible to be mad at her for not really listening to him, even though he had been in her office complaining for almost half an hour now.
''I think Sharon and Sam hooked up in your guest room." Bucky added, with a wave of his hand. "I mean she's been trying for a month now, I hope he finally got the hint."
"Alright folks." Natasha sighs, gracefully lifting herself out of the chair,  "I have about fifty more family members to go place nice with before I can eat, so I'm probably going to die."
"Organizing for the rehearsal tomorrow." Steve says with a grunt as he piles the hay bail on another. "What are you doing out here?" And he sounds, short, but Tony doesn't want to read into it.
Ignoring her request he continued to move, this was not helping. He was hot, too hot. His palms were sweaty - everything was sweaty. Pulling at his collar he nearly shouted "Did someone turn the heat up in here!"
"Are you alright?" Steve's voice is soft and genuine but still managed to startle Tony, snapping his head back upright, clearly having been spotted.
This night, saved forever in a selfie, was the first night Tony realized that what he felt for Steve was a lot more than admiration and sexual attraction. It was a photo of the night he realized he actually loved Steve Rogers. And also realized how too chicken shit he was to actually do anything about it.
"Seriously Tony?" She cocked her hip and placed her hands on top of them, tilting her head in that way Tony knew meant she wasn't taking any shit. "You have sent me ten page long text messages describing in detail how much you love him, in shocking detail may I add."  She pinched the bridge of her nose shaking her head "Anthony Edward Stark you have never loved someone this much including yourself in your entire life. Get your ass out there, now."
Steve must have read his mind, because a warm hand was now caressing his chin, and was guiding Tony's mouth against his own, in the most chaste careful kiss he had ever experienced. It was a flash, but when it was done, Steve's finger tips were still on Tony's chin, a calloused thumb carefully brushing against his lower lip.
He knew Steve was watching him now, he knew Steve knew exactly what he was doing. But he didn't say anything, instead the large ghost grabbed two cups and filled them two fingers high.
"Why'd you do it?" Tony found himself asking, though for the first time in many years he didn't even sound angry when he said it. "Why did you sleep with her?"
More time passed before a girl pouring out of her dress slid up against him, she smelt of cheap vodka and vanilla, and had begun shouting into his ear over the music in the bar. "Want to take me home?" she had asked, and normally, Tony would have some sort of shotgun answer. On a regular day he'd thank her, compliment her, and still manage to send her packing, but this time he had nothing while he stood there blank.  A telltale sign he was officially too drunk.
"Pepper is going to murder me." Tony stated quickly straightening up in his chair and pulling his keyboard towards himself. It would still be in his drafts, life was not completely over, at least not yet.  "Don't look so smug." Tony cut back, the swooshing sound of an email being sent coming from the computer speakers. "If she finds out you let me go all afternoon with it floating in the drafts she will murder you next."
"I knew I'd regret giving you that code." Tony says with a groan, twisting in his seat to grab a cushion to put over his lap.
"The heart wants what it wants Tony." Pepper yawned into the receiver. "and wouldn't never knowing be worse? You'll constantly have a what if hanging over your head?" She yawned again, and Tony knew he had to let her go. "Whatever you choose to do, remember I love you and will bail you out of Vermont jail should it end in punching."
Natasha rolled her eyes, pressing the button for the ground floor. "Will you please ask Pepper one last time if she's sure she wont be able to make it?"
"I-" Steve tried to answer but instead had to swat Natasha's hand away from his head. "What are you doing?"
"You're the one that set the alarm." Tony chuckles, and his voice isn't far, just on the edge of the bed if Steve had to guess. There's some shuffling, and then he can feel the mattress dip as Tony lays back down behind him. "It's a beautiful morning."
"They're coming." Bucky called back, stepping out of the door, arm full of bottles, which thankfully Steve helped disperse to the table. "You all need to work on your patience." he grumbled to himself, just as Clint came out holding a few gently wrapped presents in his arms.
When they cut through, a short dirty blond wolf whistled. "So he's not a figment of your imagination!" And that had to be-
"Very reassuring." Tony smirked, before remembering about their audience, and turned his attention back to Steve's phone, which was still being held out in front of them. "Here you have it folks, proof that Steve Rogers is such a little shit, and I do sometimes have good ideas."
"Something the matter, Cap?" Tony's voice replied, but his attention stayed on the screens and the equations he had been working on,
"I know." Tony says as he leans forward to place a soft kiss on Steve's lips. And boy does he know, he's got a front row seat to the privacy rant more than once. "you're a very private guy, and I like that about you, but you don't have to share anything you don't want to, and I can teach you."
"Oh I look good." Clint near purrs as he looks at the photo over Steve's shoulder. "Add a filter on it to really bring out my eyes will ya? Don't forget to tag me. I got fans to impress." Clint didn't wait for Steve to even reply, before he was reaching over and pressing small squares to change the coloring of the photo.
Tony gently placed down his coffee, holding her gaze as he did. If Steve had spent the evening recounting their two year disaster of a relationship then he could excuse her newfound concern for him. So he had to know. "How much more did he tell you then?"
Tony turns his attention to the outstretched phone and has to stop himself from laughing. "Uh, those would be thirst comments."
"That was one time." Steve reasoned, but let his arms wrap around Tony, and his now charcoal stained shirt. "You're going to be out of shirts if I keep this up."
"Tony, you're outside." Steve said his name again, and it really only made the entire situation so much worse.
"Just barely." Steve quipped, giving one last glance over his bike. "Can you please just make sure to put her back where you got her?"
He let out another sigh as he flicked back through his hangers, there had to be something in there he didn't already try. His fingers stopped on a shirt, plaid in different shades of blue. A girl once told him that the color blue really made his eyes pop, and Tony
"Uh, Okay.." Tony replied, drawing out the a in Okay, and then he sighed. "Is this for another Instagram thing?"
Tony can't help it, as he reaches into Natasha's lap and flips the page, needing to see what else was in the album. The next photos were in color, Tony with big sunglasses over his face, thick brown curls falling into his face as he beamed at the camera, his fingers up in a peace sign. Tony knows the pose well, it's carried with him over the past few years, but this one looks genuine. The other side of the page was a poorly angled selfie, of Tony and Steve.  The bottom half of their faces was cut off, but Tony knew they were smiling, he remembered being on that beach from dawn until dusk. Steve's eyes were half closed and Tony was looking up over the top of his glasses at Steve, completely in love.
"Like seriously, anything, a single doom bot, a spelling error in a report  literally anything-" Tony  adds, just begging for an excuse not to go to work.
"So, should I do it?" he finally asked, knowing full well she hadn't heard much of anything he had just spewed out.
"Generally, I would advise against actually reading the comments." Tony grimaces, knowing how wild it can get.
A barrage of hearts and thumbs fill the screen with the occasional angry or sad face, a ton of comments shooting up the screen, and Tony just knows the blood is draining from his face, but then he laughs, because  Steve is going to be in
"What?" Tony asked, genuinely confused, but absolutely needing to see where this went. "You're going to need to explain what my layer of rich is, please."
Tony is taken aback by the sincerity in Steve's voice, and finds himself coming to his feet. "I would really love that." he says and he means it.
"Like I used to hate you and I think that's just because you are so pretty, but then I realized you're
Tony got the feeling that Bucky and Sam felt that they were not included in the warning with the way they exchanged glances and smirks.
They knock noses, and Steve's hips buck upwards, and it's all Tony can do to cry out into the room, he needs more, he wants more. Before he can even ask, Steve's hand has slid between them and his fingers have wrapped around Tony, long drawn out strokes with every twist of Tony's hips. "Steve-" Tony gasps, pressing his forehead into Steve's, his arms have slithered their way around his neck, and his nails dig into the strong muscles of his shoulders.
Tony's movements are slow, as he lifts up, rolling his hips on the way back down, drawing another moan from Steve, his fingers pressing into Tony's hips, holding on for dear life. Their chests are pressed tightly together, and with every roll of his hips, Tony can feel the pain being replaced by pleasure. He knows his breathing has grown heavy as he works himself over Steve, and Steve is mumbling obscenities as his lips work their way over every inch of Tony's shoulder, neck and face they can find.
Sharon, annoyed now punched Clint in the arm, sending him stumbling sideways. "If we're all done making jokes of bad taste on her wedding day-" She eyed Tony as she spoke. "We need to start getting ready, Natasha."
"Well." Tony paused, pulling his head through his t-shirt. "Now I'm not sure I want to tell you since all you do is judge me."
Steve wants to roll his eyes, or tell Tony to stop, but he's already ducked into his bathroom, and the shower water is running. He knows the drill, so Steve gathers his clothes, dresses on his way out and heads back to his floor.
Natasha didn't hesitate, grabbing the bag and opening it. "Is this Beluga Vodka?" she asked, pulling the clear bottle up. "You can only buy this in Russia Tony. How did you?"
"I don't think this is a fixing situation, it's more of an apologizing situation." Rhodey chuckled "Too bad you just didn't remember anything at all."
"Your hair looks fine." Steve says, turning his attention to Tony. "I wanted to say something to you, and to the public, and I wanted to do it in a way that it wouldn't be misinterpreted or wrongly quoted."
"This is ridiculous." Pepper sighed, stepping around Steve and further into the living room, her eyes downcast onto her phone screen as her fingers danced across it, clearly trying to clean the mess Steve had made.
"Natasha." Tony said with a sigh, down at his missed call list. He didn't need to say much more, as he watched Steve press the send button on his phone and it started to ring. Instead Tony focused on fixing his mussed clothes, and calming his crotch.
"I would have preferred that as a problem." Tony admitted, looking down at his treadmill screen as if the miles run were suddenly too interesting to look away. "I couldn't sleep, and then I couldn't focus on any of my work because I have a very simple problem that I'm struggling to fix, and It's simplicity is killing me, but I just can't get over it."
"Why does everyone think we're dating?" Steve asked as he stepped off the elevator, his eyes falling back down to his phone screen.
Team building, Steve thought. Always good to touch base with a teammate, with your friends and make sure they're doing okay.
"You are so hilarious." Tony deadpanned. "I'm serious, I like Natasha, I think she's great, she kind of reminds me of you but a little less-"
Steve rolled his eyes, he had heard non-stop about hoe great the new Stark Phone was, since it had been released to the public a few months ago, but he was already trying to live with change, he didn't need new change to his change already. "Can you help me with this phone, or not?"
Natasha had been with Stark Industries for nearly three years, when Tony first met her, she was working with Legal, helping them sort paper work and fax contracts. Nothing exciting, in fact the only reason he even noticed her was because of the way she looked. Any red blooded american, male or female, would tell you that Natasha was gorgeous. Of course she was so much more than that, but Tony was not above admitting it was the first thing he had noticed. When Pepper moved up to CEO, Tony needed someone to take her place.
Tony tried to focus back on his work, but it barely lasted thirty seconds before he was sighing and moving to put down both the gauntlet and the screw driver. "Steve, please, I just, I'm having a moment I'll get over it."
These words mean nothing to Steve, but Maria is smiling and adds. "She's such a fucking troll, but she gives a lot of helpful tips and advice, especially to young women."
"Getting upstairs." Tony clicked off his seat belt, before pushing the car door open, but hesitating to step out "My legs feel like jello."
Tony glanced up from the engine, but looked less than thrilled as he did. "You mean to tell me, that you've been trusting a complete stranger to fix your bike -" he held up a finger to Stop Steve from cutting in like he was just about to do. "No no, a complete stranger from
"What's got you second guessing?" Tony found himself asking, watching the way stress spread across her face.
"Huh?" Tony asks, prying his eyes from his phone, towards the television where Natasha has turned her attention. It's a late night infomercial for a frying pan made out of gold, and he's not quite sure what's happening, but he catches Natasha glancing at him, a curious look on her face, and he thinks he gets it.
"Okay. Yeah-" Steve felt a little uneasy as he said goodbye, but it was probably just at the confirmation that he was about to stir the pot.
"Have you been Googling internet slang?" Tony smirks and then shakes his head, not bothering to avoid the question. "But no, I just follow you, like your other million digital friends."  With that, he makes a scene of pressing down twice on his screen, and Steve gets yet another notification.
The stranger looked down at himself, and then the blue eyes, now less confused and more concerned looked back up at Tony. "I'm sorry, but again, what?"
"It's half past 8 in the morning, sir." J.A.R.V.I.S.'s voice levels had been lowered, at least the guy could take an order. Tony tried again to crack open an eye, this time the pain, though still there, was bearable. Once one eye was open he tried the other one, blinking away the sleep that clouded his vision. "How did I get home?"
Steve was about to ask what when he turned the corner. "Are you serious?" He was extremely unimpressed.
"I know." Steve smiled, reaching for the light switch once he reached the doorway again, flicking it off "I like you too, Tony." He heard a grunt in reply and closed the door behind himself.
"I'd like to just go to bed actually." Tony says, looking to the back stairs. "If that's fine with you?"
She held Tony down silently, regardless of what protests Tony gave, and there were a lot. At one point he bribed her with an insane amount of money, if she had to be honest with herself, she had considered it, but only for a moment.
Steve can feel his ears getting hot just at the thought, but it's barely noticeable, if he wasn't there he wouldn't have even noticed. But Tony's Caption makes his chest sink.
Tony looked down at himself, he had left everything at the hotel under the pretense that he would be heading back. He hadn't exactly walked into Steve's house assuming he would be spending the night. Funny how things happen, but Tony's T-shirt and jeans were still clean, and so he shook his head at the offer. Finally unraveling himself from the blankets and sliding off the end of the bed. "I should be fine until I can get back to the hotel." He raised his arms above his head, allowing his back to stretch and crack, groaning as his shirt lifted from the movement,  before settling back on to Steve.
"You leave them alone for ten minutes." Tony said almost absentmindedly as one of the posters caught his attention. It had partially unrolled, and Tony caught a glimpse of something familiar, he found himself unrolling it before Steve even had a chance to scoop his shirt back up from the floor.
"I want you to kiss me." The words left Tony's mouth quickly, like if he didn't speak them, they would get lost. Steve had made it clear he was cautious with Tony, he needed explicit directions, and Tony was not too proud of himself to give them. "Please, kiss me."  he added for good measure.
Steve's already continuing. "I am Steve Rogers, I am in a loving relationship with Tony Stark, and-" he levels a look at his phone. "I am Captain America, I stand for all American's, not just the straight ones, I defended this country, still do. I fought for freedoms, and I continue to protect the earth where I can and how I can.  If you don't like it, well.. too bad for you."
After breakfast, he finds himself scrolling Instagram once again, stumbling upon a photo Tony posted that morning.
"What?" Steve found himself asking himself, the television and the room at the same time. "He wasn't even in the picture how does this have anything to do with-"
Steve took a breath and then leveled with the brunette sitting across from him. "Tony, do you want to be my boyfriend?"
"First of all, don't be nosy." Tony raised a single finger, before adding a second one. "Secondly, never with her, been there, done that and if I wanted to jump back into the dating pool it would not be with a literal shark."
"Oh of course." Tony's laughs had subsided, and there was something else in his voice. "Sam is aware you're about to make that kind of statement with him?"
He continued scrolling down Tony's page though, most of the photos were Iron Man, the armor, the gauntlet, some were of New York, the view from the penthouse, the view from Tony's office, Selfies galore. The deeper he got, the more the photos varied. Two months ago he posted a photo of Pepper, she wasn't looking at him, she had her back turned, a going theme Steve was starting to think, and was pointing to something on a whiteboard. The caption was a simple red heart.
And then Steve, precious Steve tucked up against the other arm of the couch, ankles crossed out in front of himself, always open to watching anything new, genuinely appreciating the camera work, and the color on the screen. Occasionally calling out moves that just wouldn't be physically possible, even for him - but nevertheless, having a good time.
"Yeah- I'm seeing this." Iron Man hovered himself a few blocks away from the drone, letting J.A.R.V.I.S. run a scan of the device and its weapon system, information lighting up his HUD -"Keep your distance looks like it's armed with mini-guns and -fuck-"
"Correct again, Captain. Well, mostly." Tony sighed at his armor, twisting something around the inside of one of his gauntlets, causing an uncomfortable snapping sound, which just made Tony sigh again.
Honestly, Tony didn't want to admit he was that oblivious, but when his eyes fell onto the man across the booth from him, it was painfully clear that it was not who he thought he had joined. He really needed to start paying attention to his surroundings.
"You know-" Natasha huffed as she twisted her arm, escaping Steve's grasp and dodging his next strike. "-I definitely thought the favor had to do with Stark."
Tony nodded, it was hard not to, when it was Pepper Potts in front of you. Even though they were no longer romantically involved he still had a high respect and regard for everything she did and everything she said. She was one of his best friends, she always had been and she always would be.
"Pardon?" Tony asks, genuinely shocked. He even finds himself leaning away from Bucky's outstretched hand, as if it was there to hit him, and not shake his own.
Tony's fingers swipe across Steve's phone and then he's looking up and smirking. "You have almost a million followers and it's only been up for twenty minutes."
A trip down memory lane proves to be a bit too much to handle in one weekend, and Tony has a hard time saying no to what his body wants.
Tony slowed the treadmill completely, and Steve watched as the corner of his mouth twitched just barely. "Are you saying you want to go on a date?"
"I haven't seen you smile like that in years." Bucky said pointing at the next photo, it was of Steve, sitting alone at an old table, tattered boxes stacked up around him, he had his cheek resting on his palm, looking just past the camera, his head tilted in that way of admiration that Tony knew all too well. Steve's smile was soft, and blissful. "You look so happy."
Tony had no choice but to laugh at his own memory. "I think I actually told him to stop discriminating against my babies, like all these half dismantled circuit boards and mechanical parts were my children, and he called me a maniac, rightfully so."
"-And then we're meeting the officiant here at four to do a run through of the ceremony so I need you all there." Natasha says looking directly at Clint before adding. "On time, showered and dressed."
"You all need to learn to leave Steve alone." Tony stated, unable to stop the soft smile that came to his lips as he looked over the super soldier. "I think he looks nice-" Tony glanced to Barton "and unlike some of you in this room actually put some effort into himself."
"Oh, yeah. She really is good for me." Tony finds himself smiling at the thought of Pepper. "I honestly don't know where I'd be without her."
Tony looked up this time, raising an eyebrow at her while reaching for his coffee. "I'm fine Natasha, really." He even managed to flash a smile before taking a sip from the mug. "Please do not tell me that I was the cause of your lack of sleep."
"Just your ego." Steve tried to sound sympathetic but his poorly hidden smile ruined any chance he had. "And now Pepper won't let you into your own office without a full metal detector scan."
His question was met with silence and it wasn't until he looked up that he saw Tony's brown eyes burning into him.
"Say Cheese." Tony says, and lifts the phone, Steve barely had a chance to do anything but stare as the shutter sound goes off.
"I'm Sorry." Tony managed sincerely, glancing at the people standing around her, Clint from earlier, and someone he had not yet met. "I really didn't mean to upset you, I just needed to get some air."
Tony had only stumbled up the stairs for more sustenance in the form of black bitter delicious liquid after a plenty of hours work binge. He was just going to steal the pot and run, but well, Tony Stark was a lot of things, but completely heartless was not one of them.
Steve shakes his head, but closes his sketchbook before Bucky can perch himself on the arm of the chair he's sitting on. "Can we help you?" Steve echos Tony's earlier sentiment.
Sam spun Steve away from the bar and steered him towards the couch."Hey man are you wearing a button up to movie night?"
Pepper stood straight, her eyes dragged over Steve slowly, before landing on his face. "Steven." she offered as neutral as she could muster.
Steve hesitated, before he reached into his pocket and pulled out a square envelope that had turned yellow from age, and handed it to Tony. "These belong to you, and I think you should have them back."
Everyone has managed to crawl out of their daily hiding holes to come up for dinner, an odd, albeit domestic side of the team that's just sort of fallen into place. In times where they weren't on missions, or in meetings, or away from the city, or the planet, they convene in the kitchen at the end of a day. A ritual, almost.
"If you had asked I could have paid." Tony says, holding his arm out to prevent the doors from closing before Natasha had a chance to get inside. "You could be getting ready to fly out to Italy, or the Maldives, or anywhere but Vermont."
"What's wrong?" Steve spoke into the receiver, Tony couldn't hear Natasha's reply, but Steve's eyes rolled at whatever she said. "No, calm down, what's wrong." with that he sighed and scrubbed at his forehead.
"In the hotel restaurant." Tony looked himself over, one last time before deciding it was as good as he was going to get, and he would be late if he changed again. "Wish me luck?"
Steve couldn't help himself as he laughed, more so from nerves, than Sam's joke, but he didn't need to know that. Instead he looked down at his phone, looking back at the photo before finally hitting the post button.
"Yes." Tony confirmed. "I booked my hotel room, I have a car rented from the airport, and I will greet you at the welcome dinner at seven on the dot, and I promise to not make you work even once the entire weekend." He went over his mental checklist to make sure he wasn't forgetting anything. "Are you ready?"
Natasha quirked an eyebrow up at Tony, her green eyes piercing through him, as if she was reading his mind, and knowing he was lying from the second he opened his mouth.
"I was eighteen." Tony defends, pointing to Steve with his fork and adding. "Besides have you seen this man, he is a literal Greek God statue in the flesh, what the fuck else was I going to say to him?"
"Oh my God." Sharon is once again turning pink before she hides her face behind her hands, and Sam is laughing, because there's not much left for him to do. The cat is definitely out of the bag, and so be it.
"No. There isn't, it's just something - never mind "Tony can't help the huff that leaves his lips, it's not that he's frustrated, it's just that he has very limited patience when it comes to explaining idiosyncrasies of the current generation of youth on the planet.  "It doesn't matter, I can get CptnSteveRogers."
Steve's brain clicked loudly, clearly, and a wave of realization washed over him with nearly enough force to knock the air right out of him. "It's the statement." the Statement with
"No." Natasha shook her head "No, you leave and then Steve run's after you, and then he comes back like some kicked puppy and now you're avoiding the issue no."  She placed her hands on her hips, and for the first time that night, Tony noted how lovely she looked in her off white cocktail dress, and really felt like an ass for making this night about him. "I don't want this to be a weird thing all weekend, can someone please just explain to me what is going on."
"Technology is stupid." Steve mumbled, flicking through the channels, now that the television was working, stopping on CNN.
"Hmm?" Tony pulled his attention from the laptop, clearly enthralled in whatever it was he was doing. "Oh-" he replied, as if his brain had just caught up to him. "I don't sleep well anymore." The honesty was not something Steve had expected and Tony must have noticed the look on his face because he offered a kind smile and shrugged. "You know the whole solo trip to space with a nuke on my back, and then Pepper leaving kind of left me in a rough spot, so now when I can't sleep. I work." He looked back down at the laptop, his fingers continuing to move across the keyboard, quicker than Steve had ever seen.
Later that night, Tony posts a photo on his Instagram. It's a selfie of himself and Steve, its an older photo, taken a few months ago. It's nothing special, they're on the common floor on the couch.  It was a movie night, the team had settled around the room, to watch some random action flick of Clint's choosing.
was, before pushing himself off of the bed and heading out of the room.  "I could definitely go for some bacon though."
Tony, after some time, was beginning to think that maybe, just maybe he and Steve could actually be friends. They were starting to talk more and argue less, they actually seemed to get along, and to the surprise of everyone they actually had quite a bit in common. Yes, if Tony really thought about it, he could classify them as
He pulled it over his shoulders, buttoning up the front and checking himself out in the mirror. It looked alright, at least it went with his jeans - he didn't have time to change anyways, already running behind.
They don't have sex again, and Tony can't even be upset about it, because Steve had told him it was their last time. On the upside, Steve isn't avoiding him anymore, actually he seems to be coming around more often than even before. Steve also seems happier, he's laughing at Tony's jokes now (even the awful ones), and making a point to include Tony in the team stuff, which doesn't have the team questioning things any less, its just more of a
Steve's smile fell, straightening out the shirt he had pulled back over his head. "Does it matter?" he asked.
Tony felt bad for just standing there watching him, so he instead turned his attention to the mess of scattered papers they had created. Carefully moving around the space and picking up what had fallen. He heard Steve promise to be on his way, and frowned, because he wanted to demand Steve stay and finish what they were starting, but it was Natasha, and it obviously was serious.
"And it's white flour which is not healthy." Bucky said with a roll of his eyes, passing the bread to Natasha.
"Has anyone told you how beautiful you are?" Tony's breath was awful, and Steve couldn't help but laugh at the compliment.
"It's called sunscreen." Natasha said with a tilt of her head. "Also we have bigger things to worry about. The eagle has landed. Barnes has the Target in the elevator."
"I forgive you." Pepper sighed, stepping with him as they walked towards the elevator bay. "You didn't think he'd actually come?"
Natasha laughed as she started down the hallway with Sharon in tow, Clint however had stayed behind.
That someone, sitting at the kitchen table, drinking bitter coffee and completely enthralled in whatever he was flicking through on his Stark Tablet, was Tony, who was so blissfully unaware that Steve was about to happen to him. Steve almost felt bad. Almost.
"Have you told him that?" She asked, dropping her guard. "Seriously though have you seen the way he stares at you when he thinks no one is noticing? the guy is completely infatuated with you, just break his heart or marry him already."
This one makes the news - well, the entertainment news - when a blonde reporter comments how adorable it is that Steve and Thor are such close teammates. It only makes Steve's blood boil a little.
"It's fine, Buck made due." Steve said with a chuckle. "Besides, I believe there was a very legitimate reason for that."
"I'm pretty cute, huh?" Steve asked with a quirk of his eyebrow, causing another memory to flash through Tony's head. "Cute enough to woo?"
"Please." Tony said with a friendly smile, though while Sharon turned to grab him a beer, he couldn't help but scan the room and notice someone conveniently missing. Not to be rude, he found himself asking Sharon how long she had known Natasha for as she handed him a cold bottle.
The second time Steve said it, he knew he was going to say it, his brain fired off all the right signals, his heart raced in all the ways it was supposed to, warning him, begging him to stop, but his lips still moved and his voice still said it.
"This is beautiful, Pepper would have loved it here, it's a shame she couldn't come." Tony comments, glancing back up at the string lights. "What are you doing?"
He watched as Steve froze in place, and if Tony was any less of a man, he might have enjoyed it a little bit.
It doesn't take long for Steve to end up back on Instagram. This time, however he goes to Tony's profile. The last photo posted is one of the Iron Man Suits. It's half the traditional red and gold, and half silver.
"BECAUSE" Tony yelled back. "What if I fuck up? What if it doesn't work out?" the panic returned, his eyes widened and he could feel his stomach twist and turn. "I don't deserve this, I don't deserve to be happy because I always screw it up some how, I don't want to drag someone else down with me when I inevitably self implode. It's not fair.  If I don't go forward with this maybe..."
Tony cringed at her, and the threat before waving her off. "Go, be gone, leave me and my eyelashes alone."
"Wait, so you think Tony and Steve had sex?" Clint frowned thinking about it for another second before shaking his head. "No way there's no way Cap would fall for that."
, but no, he still had no desire to go, no matter how tempting being Tony's date was. "I'm sure, Tony." He slid himself off the stool, leaning over to put his now empty cup into the sink. "I've got a lot of training to catch up on tonight."
In the end, Howard had gotten his way, really. He had broken up a couple of stupid kids, and got Tony to take over the company, it was rather ingenious. Of course, Tony knew he couldn't believe that was the plan all along, but it finally felt nice to put the blame on someone else. Maybe, if they had just distanced themselves a bit more, they could have avoided the entire situation.
Tony's brow furrowed as he looked down at the girl. "Not that I think they would be any better at handling this, but where are Clint and Sharon?" He really didn't think he was going to be any help, what the hell did he know about relationships? But from the short time he had spent with a woman too afraid to just ask a guy out, and a guy who only a mother could love, Tony didn't think they would be much better.
