It seemed impossible, but it was true.
Not fast enough for Sherlock not to see her black eye. The greaser clenched his fists once more.
"Unwise, brother dear", was all Mycroft said as soon as the door closed, his eyes fixed on the book he'd been reading.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean what?"
That was art. Tomato soup wasn't.
Sherlock approached him, looking worried. "Are you okay?" He said, bending down, looking at John's eyes.
“Really?”, John said, slightly surprised.
He couldn't blame him for it.
"Just what, John?"
John saw it all from upstairs and covered his face with his hands.
"Let me help you stand up." Sherlock said reaching a hand.
John swallowed.
It was 7:00 and they had already finished. John read the paper and sighed, relieved. "Good, I like it."
"Cut with exactly the same knife, a very thin, very precise cut throughout the abdomen, a knock with a blunt object to bring her unconscious. 5 stabs to give her hardly any time to survive. She died in three minutes. Yes, is from the same person."
John nodded carefully, scared of what the greaser might say. "Oh, okay. So can we ...go to your house, someday within this week and do that?" He was nervous, he might have ended up beaten up for this, but the greaser didn't react violently, he just looked at John.
It was so easy saying it, so hard doing it.
“Do you believe me?”, was all Sherlock was capable of saying. What if John didn’t? What if he thought all of this had been just another game to get him to forgive him? No. He would never have done such thing, he would  prefer losing John rather than tricking him again. Not again. Never again. No more lies.
She leaned closer to him and whispered in his ear. "I'll just give you some privacy, talk to him!" He looked at her confused, she gave her a wink. Of course she wasn't going to sleep, she was leaving them alone. She was the best sister in the world.
Sherlock cleared his throat. John hadn't realized yet where he was trying to steer the conversation to. "Erm- I was thinking, actually I was merely considering, for a moment, not that I've been spending a big amount of time on it, or, but-"
"I never do such things." Sherlock said trying to sound serious.
*******
He picked up the books and offered a hand to John, which the boy looked at and then took, as he stood up too. He looked at Sherlock, fixing his glasses. "Sorry." He said, clearly embarrassed.
It was so easy saying it, it was so difficult doing it.
John woke up next morning, he didn't remember at which time he had fallen asleep. He remembered he was crying, he remembered he had gotten into a fight with his father and called him a compulsive cheater and a shit father and then...he had a bruise on his shoulder. It hurt. John had had enough, he was tired of being the perfect boy, of working incredibly hard to fill their expectations, and knowing he never would. Everything was upside down now.
It took a lot of effort for John to avoid biting his lip when he saw the greaser's gesture. He took a deep breath. "We'll figure it out. You'll see everything will be clearer once graduation comes."
Isabella’s contact info was there. It stated where she worked (by then, at the National Theatre), where she lived (outside of London, in a little town nearby), what her associations were (contact sister in case of emergency) and who she had decided to erase (former husband, had been together for seven years, had split up two weeks before she went there, he cheated on her). There was nothing odd about it, then why killing her in a hotel?
, but he couldn't. "No I'm not. The teacher forced him to work with me."
"An accident, Johnny boy. Someone crashed my car, I was leaving a party, but I swear I wasn't drunk, and the next thing I knew a paramedic was taking me off the driver's seat and I was being taken to the hospital and I woke up two days later with this scar."
"You heard the boy, leave him alone." Jim said calmly, his eyes fixed on Sherlock.
John remained silent for the rest of the ride.
Sherlock nodded but John had to argue, "I'm sorry sir, I can't, I have to go to Chemistry club."
It was simple: people were good at some things, people were bad at some things. No matter how much they tried, that would never change. They could only become better at what they’re good at, but very very rarely they could become good at something they were bad for. As if it was innate, you were born and even before you took your first breath you were already good at maths or good at learning languages and that was it.
Lestrade shook his head, suddenly taken a bit aback. Was Sherlock Holmes asking for his help? "Sherlock... We haven't talked to each other since you, well, died."
them."
greaser-like. Sherlock turned to look at him and stared longingly without saying a word.
His voice was shaking, barely above a whisper, it contained all the rage and the hurt John was trying desperately to conceal. He cleared his throat, "Who are you?", he repeated, his voice already failing him by the end of the sentence.
She stared at him with a raised eyebrow and John begged him with his eyes. She sighed, "I'll go and make a round, by the time I pass by your room I want to see you there."
He couldn't do this.
John's mom turned to look at Sherlock and examined him up and down, up and down, then frowned. "How can I trust someone who sent my boy to detention?"
They went to Baker Street and spent the day together. John sketched a bit here and there, Sherlock thought a lot about the textures, the patterns, the lights and the shadows of the human body, but they didn't paint anything.
“Stop it”, John said, seriously, as he dragged a deep breath. He seemed in conflict with himself.
That was a really stupid thing to say of something that was not alive. Perhaps the romanticism was catching up to him and that
John rubbed his forehead. He knew that if he tried to use a brush he would only end up depressed and disappointed in himself. Who knew? Perhaps all the knowledge he had in color had vanished from his hands when he first pulled a trigger in Afghanistan.
“Sherlock?”
She stood up as she sighed. “You will reply to me.”
Their plan for the rest of the next week was to go to the fair every afternoon and check if the threats had diminished or changed. They couldn't. School was far too busy. Sherlock was starting to spend too much time with John outside of it and looked at him studying, not doing any effort on any of his works.
John Watson was a genius.
John tried not to flush, which was impossible, but he hid his smile and nodded at his mom, who just sighed and shrugged. "Well, what can I do to stop you? Just be careful, would you?"
He was absorbed in thoughts when he realized Sherlock had closed the book and was smiling at him. Funny thing is, Sherlock
John looked at him fondly. "How?, never mind, you'll tell me later". He caressed Sherlock's cheekbone softly before standing up. "Let me take a look at that wound."
"Yes. Hm...Sorry for implying something else."
He sighed and put it back on the pocket of his Belstaff.
"JOHN!", Sherlock shouted and the boy fell silent, taking deep breaths, trying to calm himself down.
Hudson.
“See you later, Sherlock. As always.”Victor said playfully.
Sherlock widened his eyes and choked. "You take that back, right now, John Watson!"
"I haven't... Fallen for him."
She looked up and narrowed her eyes, then she looked at her brother, startled. "Wait... What?"
After the fall, there were some expressions he never got to put a name to, those he also categorised, stored them carefully in his mind palace.
He grabbed his gun and ran out of 221B. He stopped the first cab he found.
Suddenly and without even realizing, the trees were Sherlock the colors were Sherlock the sky was Sherlock the stars were Sherlock. Something about those elements always reminded John of Sherlock. All the time.
All of that would be gone.
John silenced him with another kiss, as urgent and as passionate as the last one. Sherlock moaned against John's lips and moved slightly, so their erections were pressed together.
“What? Really?”, John asked, just as surprised as Sherlock.
"And well?"
Once John had sit on the couch, Sherlock put his arms behind his back and started talking as he paced the living room, unable to stand still, because if he did, he was certain his buckling knees would give him away.
Sherlock snorted. "I don't even think I'll graduate."
He went downstairs and opened John's backpack. He took the chemistry notebook out and looked at John's contact info. His phone number was there. He dialed the number and took a deep breath, if Mr Watson picked up, he was screwed.
"Thank you, Mrs Hudson." He said closing the door in a rush.
Sherlock smiled at the memory.
"Stop laughing then!" He couldn't.
"He works in Lacuna."
"Why are you doing this, John?" Maybe Sherlock shouldn't have asked, maybe John would be mad at him again and yell at him and leave, but he really had to know.
“I would have never given it up willingly.”
The day passed by faster than he thought, despite his lack of sleep. Patients came and went as usual, no serious accidents, not terrible injuries. He felt relieved because he thought he wouldn't be able to handle an emergency because he was far too sleepy.
A second later, Sherlock's eyes roamed down and found John's as John encircled his cock with his mouth.
His headache only seemed to have gotten more intense. He sighed, took the keys and walked out of his flat, how come he was a bloody doctor and he didn't have a single pill for a headache?
John smiled and stared at it, beaming. “Behold… Van Gogh.”
about you. And he is going to be heartbroken."
Sherlock nodded, still breathing hard. “Thank- thank you, John.”
This caught Greg by surprise, but he stood up immediately and aimed for the door, but turned back, shutting his eyes closed. "I lied."
than being awake. He sighed and looked up, and the hours passed and passed and passed. And he stood numb and half-asleep.
"Uh, okay. Good night."
"What?" John said, distracted, glancing around the whole room, surprised. Then he turned to look at the greaser and shook his head.
"Can I come in?" Was all he said.
"I'm sorry you had to watch."
Mycroft stood silent for a moment, then said raising his voice,
Now it was Sherlock's turn, "what were you doing in Baker Street?", he asked quietly.
"Nope."
lived but I had erased what I had lived from my mind. And we fell back to old habits, I guess. Solving crimes and the such, Holmes and Watson.
Sherlock blushed and smiled softly. John realized that he’d like to see Sherlock blushing more often.
He would get one final chance to talk to John.
Fascinating.
He didn't know how to answer that. Why did he do it? Nothing. He had no idea. It was an impulse. But he wasn't a man of impulses, then what was it? Why Irene? Why going with her? Did he trust her? No. He didn't, he definitely didn't. He would never trust in someone like her. "I... Wanted to have lunch."
And his lips his face his eyes his panting breath his mouth still whispering Sherlock his small smile his strokes his fingers his soft fingers caressing his cock.
Somehow, that thought made him even more anxious and he started looking around, trying to find the way out as the flashes flashed and while he desperately attempted to control his own breathing.
Mycroft raised his gaze from the pile of papers laying on the desk. He stared intently on his assistant. “Yes?”
"Fine, we'll talk in my bedroom then!"
“Is that so?”
Oddly familiar to that second day after coming back from Afghanistan, when he’d wake up to the awful taste of sand and blood in his mouth, when his shoulder would stab him over and over and remind him that life was not what it used to be.
"Oh, yes, thanks for waiting. I suppose. At least you didn't break into the classroom and yelled at everyone so..." John smiled again but he didn't
P.S. you can always find me on my
Sherlock smiled back at him, his face pulling itself into that same expression it had made minutes ago, as if he wanted to read and comprehend something he didn’t quite understand.
"But I have to pee!", John said walking towards the bathroom. "Be right back. Don't worry, I won't escape."
As soon as the door was closed Sherlock approached him and he was near, so incredibly near, and John couldn't avoid the eye contact, his green/blue/grey eyes fixed on him. He tried his best not to react. "I need to talk to you."
Sherlock thought -and apparently exclaimed in awe at his own deduction-, Melissa and Lestrade turned to look at him with a confused expression, “OH!!!!”, he clasped his hands together once again.
"No it's not, you're thinking where you are going to sleep at. You had a terrible night. I told you so, John, you were going to freeze in the couch. Why didn't you stay at my room? It was perfectly okay with me."
He never kissed him in the mouth. He ignored his morning erections. He simply stood by his side, bringing him warmth and calming his trembling body after his recurring nightmares.
He was all that mattered. If he was harmed or wounded fatally it wouldn’t matter. John needed to be safe. This was all his fault after all.
Sherlock smiled, it seemed as if he had a naked model in front of him, but he really wasn’t painting anyone in particular. He didn’t need models for his paintings. He grew up reading Greek myths and marveling on the image of their gods, he knew exactly which were the perfect proportions for a man’s body, and so he spent his whole career trying to reproduce that perfection, trying to find it in his drawings. He never found it. Hadn’t found it yet. That was the problem with growing up reading Greek myths, it set unrealistic expectations of the world: the world wasn’t so interesting. The real world was…disappointing, boring, predictable.
But this was perfect.
Sherlock’s eyes met his.
hard.
John smiled slightly, feigning seriousness. "I meant to say that you were simply trying to help and I shouldn't have done what I did. I- regretted it as soon as I walked through the door and- that."
They could be found on ebay. For a
"Because...it fits you!" Greg said smiling compliantly and Sherlock thought about how stupid that nickname must have sounded, and he smiled weakly, but it was a real smile, of all his...friends, Greg was the only one Sherlock felt slightly comfortable with, so he moved towards the table and sat right next to Greg. "Where have you been, greaser boy?"
"John?"-Sherlock hadn't been able to sleep. It was too loud outside and he was angry and there was so much smell of alcohol filling the environment. He turned as soon as he heard the door open and barely saw John, who was struggling to stay still without falling. "What are you doing here?"
"CUT OUT! CUT OUT! MY PARENTS ARE COMING! SHIT THEY'LL BE HERE IN LESS THAN AN HOUR!"
"Ugh Mike, I don't know, I think it would probably be the best to do it by myself. The man must not be very smart."
?". He finally turned and looked at her confused. Of course it was not because of him, of course it wasn't. How could he, Sherlock Holmes, help someone? Be useful? Be appreciated by someone? Specially by someone like John Watson. How?
He had to blink once. Twice. Three times. He read it again. He was imagining all of this. Of course he was. He had to go back to present, to reality, and to read what John had really texted him. John, who was okay and alive. He read it again. It didn’t change. It didn’t change.
He was 22 steps away from it.
And then Sherlock fell. Off the rooftop.
He parked the car, he didn't turn on the radio on the whole ride back home. He got out and his mom received him on the door, arms crossed, she was holding a piece of paper in his hand, and she had tears on her face. John feared the worse. "Hi, mom." He approached her looking worried, "Are you okay?"
Which was drugs.
Sarah never mentioned Sherlock to John because she knew how much he cared about his friend.
"I'm off to bed. You can't stay here, you're going to freeze!"
Then he looked away because that was what John Watson did and Sherlock stared at him speechless because it felt like he was talking to John Watson, the John Watson he'd left before it all went to hell, before he burned the last scope of light that they'd had.
That was all Sherlock heard. He felt the blood that had gone cold now rushing to his head, a thousand scenarios going in his mind.
Yes, yes it was.
, 'til you take it back!"
Sherlock couldn’t reply, his brain was frozen. John Watson had slept with him throughout the night, had kissed him, was making him breakfast. And it was a
"Fun night, wasn't it?" John told Harry while he ate his toast.
And that was unexpected and wonderful and unbelievable and incredibly-
“-was killed at an hotel room”, Lestrade replied.
"Thanks, so to you."
The next morning, Sherlock arrived to the living room, John was sitting in his chair, reading the newspaper. As soon as he saw Sherlock he stood up. "Sherlock...hi...good morning". He was wearing a warm sweater with winter colors and Sherlock suddenly remembered: it was Christmas Eve, and he hadn't gotten anything to John, he had been very distracted these past few days, but he had also forgotten another important thing: John was talking to him. He felt a slight relief as soon as he remembered. He could still hear the anger in John's voice from last night's fight. They'd been fighting a lot recently.
The only noise was their gasps and the rustle of fabric against skin.
"Can I ask you something, about them?"
John felt his eyes welling up with tears. Mike didn’t understand.
When he got to his car he felt a huge impulse to turn on the radio, close himself on his "rocket" and drown his feelings with Tchaikovsky, Beethoven or Bach... He turned on the radio and... shit. Rock n' roll. Rock n' fucking roll playing incredibly loud and a thousand memories passed by John's head, and he was so angry and he just started punching the passenger's seat because that's where Sherlock sat and turned off the radio but rock n' roll was still invading his mind and he just kept punching and punching and punching. He wasn't feeling better now.
In those times before the fall, when they'd just sit in silence, Sherlock would put his hands below his chin, close his eyes and see the notes drawing themselves in his mind, with a logical order, creating something that sounded almost perfect even though he had never even played it.
greaser
not quite a fan, no. Simply curious about you”, she turned to look at John and turned back to look at Sherlock, “about
John returned the smile and was about to turn when he felt Sherlock's hand on his shoulder turning him back, and he stared into those beautiful, irresistible, blue/green/gray eyes (he still couldn't figure out which color they were, just that they were perfect).
"Mr. Holmes!", she said excitedly.
Before pulling the accelerator, he turned on the radio, and it was in the same station as Sherlock had left it. And John turned the volume up and let himself go with the music. And he decided this rock n roll music was not much of a simple noise after all.
"Here. Double shift.", Mycroft replied, looking disappointed at his little brother, perhaps for asking such questions after waking up from God knows how many hours/days of unconsciousness.
John laughed. “Thank you, Sherlock. You are- I mean, your work is- it’s, it’s impressive. It really is.”
Outside, a woman was trying to pass by the police tape, while two men held her. And she was screaming. "Let me go!"
"It is." John narrowed his eyes and lifted his eyebrows.
He heard a small gasp through the phone. Then she whispered into the phone. "Holmes! Where is John? Damn it it's 11:00 p.m! Mom is so worried! But she didn't have your phone number! She even asked me to go to your house! If something happened to my little brother I swear I'm going to kick your ass!"
"Right, sure, good night".
are. Fascinating, smart, adorable..."
Sherlock shook his head and stood up, this time looking at him with that scary gaze the greaser knew to pull well so much. "We're not here to talk about me, are we?"
He finally gave up, and forced himself to ask Mycroft. "Why here?", he whispered.
Sherlock didn't say another word. He just took the cup and drank everything that was on it, trying to shake his thoughts away. Irene decided it was best  to break the tension.
John grabbed it tightly.
He remembered what he had said that night as he stared at the stars and John stared at him.
thank you so much! :3
She moved towards the kitchen. "Of course, you boys have fun, but not too much fun,
John and Harry entered to the living room, looking very confused. John stepped up, "I'm sorry, would any of you like to explain what the hell is going on here?"
"Yes", John replied. He drew back, however and looked at Sherlock seriously. "As long as you don't push me into doing that again."
Lestrade remained calm as he replied, "the first time you brought him along on a case, Jennifer Wilson, remember? It had been just a day since you met, and he knew you better than I did after five years. So yes, he does know you, Sherlock. He only forgot he did, but as soon as you met again, all it took was just one day."
He moaned into John's mouth as he felt John's fingers moving through his chest, still covered in his shirt -and so he planned it to keep being for as long as he could- John apparently seemed eager for seeing other parts, his hands stopping over the very notable bulge in Sherlock's trousers.
Victor seemed to come back to himself, he straightened his leather jacket and brushed a comb through his hair, taking a cigarette from his pocket and lighting it. “Who do you think you are to come in here givin’me orders?”
“Stop blaming yourself, Sherlock”, John said, shaking his head. Sherlock looked at him, but couldn’t quite understand the expression on his face. John looked hurt and angry and sad and something else Sherlock couldn’t quite put a name to. Was it sympathy? Disdain? He couldn’t tell, he simply couldn’t. “You- you did what you could. It got out of your hands, all of it. Including me.”
He frowned and recognized the steps immediately.
The sound of the door closing woke John up, his head ached, his stomach was revolving horribly and making terrible sounds, he felt as if he was going to throw up, he was thirsty and tired and was sleeping in Sherlock's bed.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Thank you. For yesterday. I know I’ve said it before but-”
"Hmmm?" Sherlock bent the newspaper and looked at the Watsons.
No. This would do him no good. He should focus instead on painting and on finishing that goddamned palm of the hand he had started four days ago and to which he couldn’t still find the correct shape, nor the correct position of the shadow.
Somehow those last sentences had darkened the mood and the air around them felt heavy all of the sudden. Sherlock wouldn’t mention the topic. Talking about the fall was never easy, it would never be.
Melissa put the paper down and looked at him, her face blank. She took a step towards Sherlock.
Sherlock was so enraptured in the composition that he hadn’t even realized John was there until he was finished. He put his violin back in his case and turned, and as soon as he saw John he jumped with a little (adorable) gasp.
“Good.”
People were starting to enter to their offices, the deafening silence turned eventually into lazy chatters and the sound of paper works being moved or checked. He didn't look back, the door of Lestrade's office remained locked and his eyes were still fixed on the window panels in front of him.
something that told him that there was still something artistic within himself.
Mike turned to look at him with the biggest smile on his face. "Well..."
"I really don't know Watson! Why are you putting all the responsibility on me?"
So far that led him nowhere.
His phone beeped. New text from… no, not John. Lestrade.
is what you always do. You come back to me. You will never give me up, not truly, not really, not willingly."
Mike hesitated for a second but then nodded. "Yes, fine."
He frowned at the statement, and...opened his eyes, hm, interesting, he hadn't even realized he had closed them.
Trevor,
"That I don't have any friends".
"Oh, I'm used to that. We had a fight, as usual, I told him to fuck off and leave you  alone and he said I was the biggest disappointment in the family."
"Really? Has it been that long?" -Sherlock said sarcastically.
"Uhhhhh! That's one nice chick."
He raised an eyebrow and looked genuinely concerned. "Where did you get that from?"
"John? Yeah, hi. We um- we're doing an inspection. A drugs bust. The owner seems to have a wide variety of them, so we'd... like you to take a look and help us determine the origin or functionality of them." His voice sounded a bit off, a bit nervous.
“Do it softly, gently. Trace the eye and look at the gradation in which you’ll fill the trace, because that will be what will give identity to your own eye. Make your irises your own”, he whispered.
"I'm sorry. I won't help." Irene said decidedly.
After a moment that seemed like an eternity, (and John would have wished it so), Sherlock stood up, shaking his head and pulling his serious, threatening face. He then cleared his throat. "Alright, we should better..."
“I remembered-”, Melissa continued before pressing play, “that Isabella told us that she used to stay at that hotel, and so it held one of her biggest mementos of her life with her husband.”
And it felt quite similar to what he'd only achieved with a syringe.
"...yes, I just... I need to go and get some air."
Sherlock bit his lip and nodded. "You have nothing to be sorry for. It's fine."
Sherlock looked cool and calmed when he replied: "I want it all from you. Just as much as I'm willing to give my all to you."
"Come on John..." Sherlock said lifting his left hand and reaching it to touch John's neck. The boy froze at the touch and stood silent. "...you need to live a little more."
John coughed, loud enough to wake Sherlock up. Sherlock blinked and turned to look at him with a small twitch of his lips drawing on his face.
discuss the questions, you could ask us anything about the topic and we would certainly answer you. Just because we didn't write it, it doesn't mean we didn't know it." Sherlock looked so confident and was talking in such a nice way that John thought for a moment the strategy had worked and the man wouldn't punish them. But he was wrong.
He couldn’t explain it, couldn’t find any logical reason, any explanation as of how on earth that was true, but it was.
"But I'm glad you did it. For your health."
"You're upset about something, what happened?"
John shrugged. “Hm, a bit political, that’s all.”
Sherlock stood silent for a moment. There was no other noise but that of the brush over the painting, mixing and merging.
Sherlock sighed and
"Why did
“A musical composition which fits perfectly and harmonically. That’s what you are”, he said into his ear.
Sherlock’s smile widened. “Tuesday”, he replied.
John finished adding the white, and outlined the edges with a sharp and thin brush -not with ivory black, apparently-. Sherlock didn’t listen to most of what he said, and instead spent most of the time wondering how it was possible that John could make this kind of work of art. He was amazed, to say the least. He would never admit it, of course.
"Sherlock! That's not what you have to do!"
John had no idea what to ask, because there was so much to ask, so many things he needed to know. He was silent for a moment and then turned to look at the greaser in the face. "Why me, Sherlock?"
“No.”
John looked around as he shook his head. “Nothing. Just em- thinking aloud.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and silently wondered if that voice was just a creation of his mind palace or if he was actually listening to it.  The same thing had happened in Serbia. The flashes increased the people talked louder the cameras were pointing somewhere else and- “Sherlock!”
The boy breathed hard, his anger suddenly coming back to him. "You didn't have to yell at me", he said, still feeling a bit hurt after the greaser had shouted him.
"My hand is blocking the blood flow. Only I know how to apply enough pressure, if I let go he'll-", he choked, "he'll die", he whispered. "I can't stay away from him, I need to press down on the entrance, I need to make sure the bullet doesn't dig deeper and won't cause worse damage", he kept on talking, unable to stop.
Three minutes into seven and Sherlock really should have known it wouldn’t happen. He sat in his chair, leaned his head against the back and sighed. He was holding a pencil in his hand and felt the utter need to break it and rip the paper he-had-set-on-the-living-room-so-John-would-be-comfortable apart.
He wondered for a second why he hadn't done this before. He had gone through this for... seven? was it seven? days, when he had the solution 8,5 seconds away.
"No", Sherlock interrupted, clearly knowing what Mycroft was going to ask.
And he felt John’s breath over his cheek.
He barely had time to nod when she was already walking out the door, and just as mysteriously as she arrived, she left.
smile. "I'll explain later. Not a good story though."
"What is?"
"What are you going to do?"
“Yes.”
John stood straight, “and I do”.
"Oh no, I think in fifty years it will still be funny."
John fell asleep almost immediately. Sherlock didn't want to, but he fell asleep as well, drowning in a thousand memories his mind often tried to forget, while John's smell penetrated his senses.
"It was. Now you, answer me."
Sherlock looked up to find Lestrade staring at him with a knowing smirk, "is John alright then?"
"I'm glad you're fine because you have lots of things to explain right now!"
“That’s Modern Art, Sherlock”, John whispered into his ear.
Lestrade shrugged. "I have a hunch."
"Well?"
John rubbed the back of his neck. “So- um, where can we meet?”
greaser
Or he had taken a shitload of drug.
“Another fan, I take it?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Never heard of him.”
And Sherlock smiled, a quick rise of his mouth, and John could see it, and he realized that was the first time he saw the greaser smiling for real, not faking it. This one was genuine, he tried to smile back but he couldn't so they just stood silent for a moment. An awkward moment.
Sherlock kept staring down, he wasn't going to reply, John had told him to shut up. Plus, what could he say to make things better?
“I- Thank you. For all of this”, he said with a nod.
She was being carried by the police. She looked as good as always, as if time hadn’t had passed. Her eyes met Sherlock and she smiled and winked an eye at him. He couldn’t return the smile, he just stared at her. As she entered to the police car, she just said: “Good to see you again, Mr. Holmes.”
John nodded, still not knowing where the conversation was going to.
"Hey, you're welcome to join, buddy."
“Yes”, was all Sherlock replied from the other side of the room.
Sherlock's eyes softened just a little. Of course he'd never admit it.
Lestrade frowned, turning to look at Sherlock, who had his eyes fixed on the duvet that covered him. "Who?", he asked, confused, "John? Of course he is, he's filling the forms to leave."
"Wow, so you
"Let him choose whatever he wants. I'll do anything he asks", he finally replied.
"Doubtful."
please.
"Oh!!!" Sebastian said making a big "O" with his mouth. "Sherlock's got himself a nerd girlfriend!"
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something and then closed it. Then opened it again and looked down. "I'm sorry."
Raising an eyebrow in surprise, Sherlock examined the tape, it didn't have any title or anything, and the tape hadn't been so used. He took a small tape recorder he had stolen from Lestrade some years ago, and curiously pressed play, sitting on his chair and wondering what could be so important that Mycroft's minions had kept a record of.
"You said righto.
John smiled to her, "Thank you, you are very nice!"
Sherlock turned to him, with a frown and a look of desdain in his face. Lestrade cleared his throat. "Well, the lie couldn't live forever, could it?"
Sherlock looked down and took a step closer. Without giving himself time to think it through, he reached out with his own hand and slowly touched the back of John’s hand.
John nodded, almost imperceptibly.
"Brother mine, I've been informed that Dr. Watson has left Baker Street."
They were at Mycroft's office underground. It had been Sherlock's last resource. He seriously didn't want to ask his brother but deep inside he knew he would hold the answer. He had kept an eye on John all this time, after all. He took a deep breath but just about he was to reply, Mycroft raised his eyebrows as if reading him and smiled slightly.
"Are we alright?", Sherlock couldn't help but ask softly, sounding incredibly small. John smiled back at him and leaned even closer, placing a tiny butterfly kiss on Sherlock's nose. Sherlock's eyes closed.
John smiled, but suddenly he widened his eyes and looked at Sherlock with a frown, as if he had just realized of something. "Wait. Sherlock, when did you say it happened?"
like it when you rummage into my life!" Sherlock replied angrily, opening his book and focusing on reading.
"Leave me alone and make sure no one else enters this room. Goodbye", he said, turning slightly to the side, away from the nurse's view.
“Well, not just that. When he told us about Holmes, even though he was trying to hold back the tears, his face lit up a bit. He certainly was very fond of that man.”
"That's better." Mycroft said with a nod.
“Thank you”, Sherlock whispered. They stared at each other in silence and John felt as if by being under Sherlock’s piercing stare, his face was being as decomposed and analyzed inch by inch as he had done with the human body he had just drawn.
you come to my house and help me with it!"
He didn't undress. Sherlock didn't either.
"My lies?" Sherlock said offended.
"I- I..." John laughed bitterly and rubbed his eyes. "God, I'm sorry Mr. Holmes. I had no idea..."
Okay, so finally these two got things clear!!! I love slow burn but this was far too slow even for me! So thank you for being patient! What did you think? Leave comments! :D
John looked disappointed. "Christ, Sherlock! I'm away for one day, one day and look at all the things that happen! What was it now? Cocaine? Heroine?"
The counter only got bigger.
"Well... It's just that... You know... It's Harry's last day here and I'd like to spend every single moment from now on with her. Our relationship it's going so good, Sherlock. Things have changed so much."
His main concern at the moment was how he would react when he’d see Irene Adler again. Or how would she react. He hadn’t seen her in a long time, about two years and a half, and didn’t bother to find out more about her. Yet there was always something,
"O...Okay." John said, confused of Greg's attitude.
Sherlock shook his head. He kept looking out of the window.
But Sherlock could affirm he knew John, at least a bit, and he could tell John was anxious, if his hand was anything to go by.
“Hello”, John said.
John’s smile faded.
John smiled weakly and turned to look away from Sherlock, but suddenly the greaser's arm surrounded him and he was hugging him and now John was leaning his head in Sherlock's shoulder and he just kept crying, not saying another word. He reached the conclusion, however, that he was perhaps not only crying about his family, and there was so much to it than that.
*******
greaser
Sherlock looked at John, who was just sitting there, looking at him and fixed his eyes -once again- on his -no longer- trembling hand.
What the hell was she doing there? How did she dare? He was surprised, angry and thoughtful. She stood on the door, she was alone, probably a car waiting for her outside. She was in a black dress, with the red lipstick and the characterization of the dominatrix. Yes, she was coming for Sherlock. Hair perfectly and carefully done. Checking her phone, she barely looked at John.
John stood in front of him, in a mix of confused but sarcastic expression "
"In that moment it wouldn't have been useful John, you just would have slowed things down. I needed you to think I was dead and you know it. I was protecting you!"
Sherlock thought immediately. And he felt so sorry for John.
“Well, he’s already gone. Isn’t he?” Melissa said lowly, trying to calm John down.
Sherlock Holmes. She cleared her throat, "Yes. Yes, but the clients don't know about it. It's an instrument called the Philo-"
Harry looked at him with wide eyes. "Fine, I really hope you do, but I'm just sayin' so you don't be forced again to work with those boys."
Sherlock walked around the body. John had his hands behind his back and his posture straight. The room smelled of blood and death, a smell Sherlock was used to, but that in this situation made him feel dizzy and nauseous. Still, he was determined to find out what happened.
She said with a smile.
No matter what, he could never produce something as powerful as that painting. Everything he painted was so…real, so human, so squared, following the logics and the rules of neoclassicists that lived 300 years ago.
"Well, at least have the pie Mrs Hudson baked for you." John said, taking a bite of the pie. "...it's delicious."
"Work?"
Sherlock turned to look at Lestrade, feeling that he didn't even know what to tell her. Nothing was 'okay', they didn't have a single clue, John was in danger and this clinic kept being a mystery. He rubbed his forehead, trying to supress his growing headache.
Even though John expected it, hearing it from Sherlock's lips was harder than he thought. He felt his heart revolve. It hurt him to think about it, he never thought Sherlock would admit it. He wasn't happy, not at all. "Sure. Thanks for being... Honest."
Sherlock looked at him puzzled. "Stop what?"
Or maybe yes, but not as much as Sherlock hated his own painting right now. The shadows and the lights did nothing to express the actual feeling behind it. It was a work to appreciate, not to understand, not to feel with, not to study and analyze.
He moved closer towards Sherlock, slightly, moving his hand as if to give him the impression he was doing it so he would get to look at it closely, but it wasn’t because of that, it wasn’t.
“That’s why.”
ugh why bother?”Sherlock said rolling his eyes once again.
"Hello?"
"What?" Sherlock said, taking his gloves off.
Even if it meant he’d have to walk into that hateful gallery once again -he didn’t care that John’s painting was there, he would never be able to like the Tate Modern-, he would do it, because it was preferable to the other option.
friends."
And it didn't make sense at all.
"Are you implying that I do?"
Relatable.
Sherlock stared at him in confusion.
Lestrade stood up and put on his scarf and his coat. Autumn was giving way to Winter faster than they expected to. "Come on."
Starting for Rock n' Roll" he said smiling.
”, Sherlock said, rolling his eyes at the stupid name as he pointed towards the color. John looked at it closely, it
He replied to her, mentally.
------------------------
"She was captured."
Sherlock smiled and said "I'm going to get a cup of coffee!"
Slowly, Sherlock laid on the bed and pulled John with him. John smiled as he kissed Sherlock's lips, over and over. He straddled Sherlock's thighs with his legs. Sherlock held him by the back, kissing him back just as eagerly.
“Let’s play to see how much does it take you to move, Sherlock.”
And he reached a conclusion: the possibilities were infinite.
Sherlock remembered John had said something before the woman had arrived to distract them, what was it? The three words hit him like a truck:
Sherlock sighed.
Sherlock turned and his eyes buried in John's face, he was angry, he was really angry. "It certainly wasn't John! It was stupid!" -the word stupid came almost like a shout.
Sherlock crouched and placed a kiss on John's forehead.
He shook his hands off Sherlock's hold and turned, the greaser's smile suddenly vanished. "Fine. I'll get them opened." John said without looking at Sherlock and walking towards the big windows of Hikes' classroom.
He clenched his fists. He had to solve this, and he had little time. The murders were becoming more and more common. He had to find a way to protect John.
Of course not.
had changed. And Sherlock definitely wasn't the typical greaser, no. He was smart and nice and liked books and
"No. And it's not up for discussion."
But this newspaper caught his eye.
"I'm afraid he is busy, Mr. Holmes, and the orders were clear. There's nothing I can do. Now let's check on your general state. How are you feeling?"
He had been collaborating with the Belgium police, and they had extended a huge operative to catch the last two people, and perhaps the hardest to get: Irene Adler and Sebastian Moran.
Sherlock turned to glare at Lestrade before focusing back again on Melissa. "Look, this is a most serious matter, and we need to solve it as fast as possible, now please show us the machines you use to erase people's minds. Any one in particular that might leave a mark on your clients' necks?"
"I'm afraid I might ruin it." Sherlock said, feeling a bit more confident.
Lestrade's mouth opened in surprise. Suddenly it all made sense. "And-", he didn't want to ask, but he had to, "and John-"
"I'll go with you", John said, aiming to sit up, but Sherlock softly pushed him back down by the shoulder.
John smiled at her. "Hopefully, I won't."
"I tried, John, I tried!", Sherlock sid, asking himself the same questions, repeating them in his head over and over. He knew he should have, he knew that this was going to happen sooner or later, why did he have to be such a selfish idiot and allow John to be his friend -and god, so much more- once again?"-but I couldn't. No matter how many times I tried to stay away-", he looked at John and met his eyes, hoping that he could see the truth behind them, "I couldn't. You couldn't either."
“I only heard the part about the gigantic number of followers.”
"Oh, you underestimate me. I have my methods."
So no, John would be safe as long as he was at his working place.
It couldn't be.
"I asked you first."
John took the "what happened once might had never happened at all" thing from The Unbearable Lightness of Being by Milan Kundera. That passage is based on a German adage.
"I had an appointment with Mr. Holmes last night..."-She stopped for a moment trying to read John's expression, but he didn't look surprised at all. "...and he didn't show up, I was worried, I came here to check if he was okay."
John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock.
“Yes well, we’ll see about that”, Sherlock said, winking at John.
"As if we had never met."
He then looked up to meet John’s eyes, which were completely absorbed in Sherlock’s, as if there was an unspoken spell around him, not allowing him to look away. They looked into each other’s eyes.
"Mrs Hudson, you left the stove on."
He looked at every single word carefully, stared at it fixedly, constantly wondering whether he had lost his mind and had started hallucinating or something of the sorts.
"Johnny, time to wake up!"
---------------------------
"Well, then you're going to have to show him that you are not the typical weak and pushover nerd!"
"What just happened."
, Sherlock thought. It had been far too long.
"Lestrade."
His gaze turned towards the little table right next to John's bed and he slowly walked towards it, he opened the first drawer and found John's phone.
“It was about bloody time!”
"Fine, but not so loud."
"What?" John said shaking his head. "Sherlock, my neighbors have died and all you care about is that they serve for a purpose? Do you even care they died?"
Melissa sighed with relief and smiled back. “Thank God!”
-----------------------------
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Goodbye, Mycroft." He opened the door to leave.
"Oh..." -Harry said when the thought came to her mind. She looked surprised. "A girl.
"Where is John?", Sherlock finally asked, feeling as if those were the only words he could mutter at the moment.
John wished he could look like that, so relaxed, but instead he shook his head. "You really should stop listening to those silly love songs."
"Looking for someone, Johnny boy?" He felt a whisper in his ear and turned to look at who it was, when he saw Sherlock right behind him. How had he done that?
Sherlock stood silent for a moment, thoughtful. "Will me admitting it stop you from making all this drama?"
John took a deep breath. "Look-"
“Lestrade”, Sherlock replied without thinking, and then silently scolded himself for being such an idiot.
Sherlock walked fast and entered the place. "No, no, Johnny boy. There's a gig today! A new band! I saw the poster today and I thought you'd like the surprise. What do you say? Want to get in? Buy some vinyls and enjoy real music?"
John nodded with a smile. “You know what fascinates me the most? That in between the merge of one color and the other there’s a small ray of light creeping through. There’s not only an infinite amount of tones within it, but an infinite amount of light. Beautiful, isn’t it?”, he carried on painting, but Sherlock didn’t focus his attention on it, because he knew he’d be distracted by John’s technique and wouldn’t be able to carry on with his story. He didn’t even know why he was telling the story in the first place, he just felt like doing it.
But it didn't, so it wasn't peaceful, but it was fast.
And he came.
“Good”, Sherlock said with a smile. “The lines must be very, very faint.”
When he opened his eyes again, John was gone.
"Oh, now
"And may I ask, which are your procedures?"
"What are you thinking of?"
"So... aren't you going to resist to the drugs bust? that's a first!" John said, a bit defiantly.
Sherlock got out of the bathroom. He found his coat over the bed and a note from John on top of it.
"Yes, during lunch." Sherlock said rolling his eyes.
“I love you”, Sherlock whispered. And he meant it. With his heart, with his soul, with his everything, he meant it.
Harry's eyes were filling with tears, which was saying a lot because she barely, not to say almost never cried.
He didn't mean anything for John, not now. He was just another silly, weird detective for him.
"How are you feeling, John?"
“I- it was stupid. I apologize. Anyway, goodbye, Sherlock”, he said, reaching his hand out to shake Sherlock’s.
*******
Shit. Mr. Hikes.
As his silhouette disappeared Sherlock loosened from Irene's embrace and let out a sigh, leaning against the lockers. He closed his eyes. This wasn't okay. He knew he was hurting John. And that was killing him.
"Then tell...Sherlock to stop interrupting us and that if he is so bored he can join." She said looking at the greaser who was no longer looking at John, but at the floor, tapping his feet to the ground.
Sherlock’s eyes fixed on John’s left hand, “your hand is not an excuse to stop painting.”
"It was a trick. Just a magic trick", Sherlock said, trying to stimulate John's memories. Perhaps they would come back.
Sarah gave him a little nod and a smile. "It's fine. No patients have entered yet."
deal.
John broke the kiss and bent down so he could take Sherlock in his mouth, and as soon as he did, Sherlock moaned. John worked him out slowly, enjoying the feel of his skin mixed with the warmth and the rumble of Sherlock's voice against his ear. Sherlock's hand didn't stop.
“What was
Friendly reminder that comments are vicious motivators for me to keep writing and updating faster so please leave something telling me what you've thought of the story or whatever else you'd like to say, I love reading them! ;)
Sherlock sighed. "Fine."
It was better that way.
She thought for a second before replying, "a sort of funny mark, it's the shape of the-"
"No, I know you don't.I just... I wouldn't mind not passing it. You would. So it's up to you,
She smiled even wider and leaned closer. "Oh, but you wanted to." She said extremely secure and confident of herself.
After cleaning John, Sherlock stared into his eyes and seriously said "so definitely no more kissing for a while."
Jones remained silent.
"Why did you agree to come with me today, Mr. Holmes?"
Sherlock sat, knowing if they had asked him to grab a seat was because he would need to sit down after listening to what they had to say.
"And what? You want me to choose one for you?"
Sherlock was immediately filled with a need to touch John’s lips just in the same way he’d touched his ears. Where had that thought come from?
Sherlock slumped himself on the couch, feeling exhausted. There had been a time in his life when the living room had been surrounded by works in progress, drawings of people and bodies and faces and lights and shadows, but now there was nothing but the furnitures.
"Do you think it's that simple?", Sherlock asked seriously.
"You have to get some rest, Dr. Watson. Then you'll be good as new and you'll be able to leave."
-------------------------
In every universe. In any moment. In any time setting. Under any circumstances. He'd love John Watson.
Melissa was sitting next to the chair, on the floor, her legs crossed and a smile plastered on her face.
By the time the alarm chimed off, John groaned, rubbing his eyes. He didn't feel well-rested at all and he definitely didn't feel ready to help all of the patients. As soon as he stood up he took his hand to his head. The pain was so intense he felt as if it was going to explode.
He rushed and grabbed her by the arm. "I'm sorry. Please. I'm just... I'm worried about him. I shouldn't have said that. I know you're recovering and you're doing great and forgive me."
“What am I supposed to see?”
Sherlock glanced around, looking for Lestrade, he’d rather him not knowing about the missing file. Actually, he’d really rather no one knowing about the missing file.
“I don’t know what the hell is a limbus!”, John replied just as intensely as Sherlock spoke.
John turned, slowly. He opened and closed his mouth as he stared at Sherlock. “It- it did happen.”
He didn’t know, but it was true. Somehow the anguish from the painting didn’t only mean one thing, but it represented a thousand different things for Sherlock, it represented the pressing need to reach perfection, the pain of never being able to do it, the reminder that perfection was not possible to achieve, and somewhere, in a small, dark place of his mind, it represented whatever John Watson meant.
"Nothing, it's... it's very beautiful."
"Wha-?" John asked confused.
He rolled his eyes and went downstairs.
No. Not boring.
Thank you so much for your comments! They did work and although I had an incredibly busy week here I am giving you the next chapter! :3 Hope you like it! :D
If Sherlock needed any confirmation that there was something incredibly odd and wrong about this whole situation, then that was it. Right now, sitting at Mycroft's office, he remembered the feeling he had when he finally wrapped his mind about what John had done: he felt lonelier than ever. Suddenly, the John Watson who used to talk to him and keep him right in his Mind Palace was gone as well. It was as if, by deleting the blog, John had taken a bit of his memory and a bit of his life as well.
He found the first match almost immediately. Daniel Howard, stabbed forcefully three months before Sherlock’s return. He’d been found at his working place, a mental hospital. Case unsolved. Suspected that he’d been killed by one of his patients but it could never be proved.
There were track marks on that seemingly perfect artist.
John kissed him eagerly and pressed his hips to Sherlock's thigh, Sherlock felt eager to return the favour. He roamed down and took hold of John's cock. John moaned into the kiss and shivered at the contact. He started stroking and striking and stroking, marvelling at the sensation of John's skin under his fingertips. John kept kissing him, as if he was physically unable to leave Sherlock's lips. Sherlock felt John's growing orgasm and led him to it, and John was coming, coming and kissing him and kissing him and kissing him.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “John, when you paint human bodies, that’s what you’re doing, painting
John, intuitive as he was, understood everything Sherlock wasn't saying. "You can go. I'll be fine."
mouth
"What was I supposed to do?" Sherlock said exasperated, throwing his hands in the air.
"What if he doesn't wake up?"
"Mr Holmes." She said taking a deep breath, hell, if Watson's stories were true, then she was screwed because this man would probably end up shouting deductions at her face and walking away before she could even talk him out of this idea.
when John finally allowed himself to express his rage, his sorrow and his pain, and to let Sherlock be a part of it. It had been terribly painful, holding him as he felt John’s tears on his shirt, and he wondered how it was possible that such an incredible man could carry so much sadness within him, and it hurt knowing that he’d never be able to heal him and to help him and to love him properly, because he’d always end up hurting him. Still, that moment healed them both. In many ways. Not completely, not totally, but it was a start.
"You're kidding right? Are you crazy? I'm not leaving my girlfriend unconscious on the floor! Plus my parents can't see her! They know nothing!" She started pacing across the bathroom, touching her head desperately. "Shit. They know nothing. Shit they're coming. I need to do something NOW!"
If only I would have known...
"Do you have any other choice?"
"Like what? I'm like nothing, nothing, anything, I'm bored. Bored."
Sherlock nodded, tearing his gaze away from John.
Hellen Hunt.
And so he kept on until he discovered, centimeter by centimeter, Sherlock’s torso and stomach.
John rolled his eyes, he definitely knew what was going on with this Clara girl, but he never dared to mention the subject to his sister, because he knew it was a... Delicate topic. As soon as he fixed his eyes on the building, he felt a pinch of excitement, his
"That's the answer." Sherlock said sharply, heartless, serious.
He always chose sober, realistic colors. When he looked at the works of Da Vinci or Caravaggio or Vermeer, he never saw a spur of colors. He saw reality. He saw how the artists chose a palette that would distinguish the skin color from the background but being as close to the real skin color as possible. He didn’t see vibrancy or too much saturation, he saw sobriety, and that was how it should be. That was how life was.
So he decided to answer that question for both of them. And he kissed him.
"We all do, Sherlock."
"Harry was the one who caused the accident! God I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. You were the one in the ambulance. God Sherlock, she almost killed you."
Finally, oh finally, he got to stand in front of John, who simply kept that lovely, beautiful smile on his face as he softly said, "hi."
Sherlock chuckled weakly and turned to look at his brother. Mycroft kept his eyes fixed on him as they sat. "Hello, brother."
"Friendly?" John said looking at Jim, even though he barely noticed a silhouette, he couldn't see at all without his glasses.
"Why don't you just... Talk to him?"
The bell rang and Sherlock stood up and grabbed his bag. He turned to look at John. "But you will. See you after lunch." He said winking at him.
"Yes, yes, you'll kick my ass. Goodbye." Sherlock hung up the phone.
"Yes, sure, right. Good luck with that."
tell me Mozart or Beethoven is better than this. This
The song was finished and the narrator started talking. He gave the hour. Seven p.m.
"What are we?", he asked, not quite certain if he'd managed to keep the nervousness and anxiety out of his tone.
"John, I will, later. We have a lot of work to do."
greaser
John kept his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, reminding him that he was there, but not making any move to stand in front of him. He knew that this was easier if Sherlock couldn’t see his face. Brilliant John.
Beautiful.
"Good luck, Sherlock." Mycroft said whole-heartedly. But Sherlock didn't need to know that.
"Please John, don't say a word to Sarah about this!" Molly pleaded him.
Sherlock didn’t know how to reply to that. He didn’t have an answer. His mind filled him with a sudden need to see him again. A need he had left on a corner of his brain, forgotten. Now it was coming back, uncontrollable, stronger than ever. He had to see John Watson. “Where is he, then?”
John nodded. Sherlock was actually a wonderful teacher.
He couldn't find the motivation anymore.
A hand cupped the back of his neck and slowly caressed it. He gasped.
“I don’t see a single scar on your painting.”
"Preposterous."
Sherlock lifted his eyebrow and took the paper, staring at it carefully and John wished so hard it was his number instead of hers. "So... Are you calling her?"
He sighed. “I’m perfectly fine. Now I believe Scotland Yard needs my help so lead the way, Detective Inspector”, he said trying to sound as pretentious as possible. He stood up and raised his chin, defiantly.
“You should have said it”, Sherlock replied.
Sherlock dragged a deep breath and prayed all gods that what he was about to say would make a bit of coherence at least for John. "I-" He cleared his throat. "I checked into the clinic on January 29th of 2010 and you were the doctor on shift. I- I had overdosed and you had to stabilize me."
He constantly asked himself why he had chosen this career in the first place, and now he wondered why he had decided to try it once again when he clearly wanted to run away from it when he went to Afghanistan.
Nothing was getting better.
Sherlock turned and shook his head. "No, no, no. Consulting detective."
as if the kitchen table had been painted with
John softly nestled his hair on his fingers. Sherlock looked up. The sensations were giving way to a desperate fear. Not yet. He didn't want this to end yet.
fault.
Except he had crossed the line a million times before, and John always came back, because he cared for him, of course he did, he was his best friend, but apparently he wasn't Sherlock's.And that made him even angrier, how could he say that John Watson, the man who cried his death for two years straight, the man who had saved his life so many times, the man who had always been there for him, wasn't even his friend?
He didn’t. Neither did John.
He’d known it since the very moment he caught Sherlock’s eyes catching his own eyes that were undeniably fixed on the track marks.
this was exactly what he wanted. He tried to gather courage and do it, but he froze. He couldn't move, all he could do was hold into Sherlock's touch. He brought his hand up and placed it over Sherlock's, who looked at him expectantly. He thought of what to say. He couldn't think of anything, so when he opened his mouth again, he was surprised of what came out of it. "You. Are. Drunk. You are not thinking, it's okay Sherlock. I mean, it's fine. I know this is all on the alcohol. Really, it's okay."
And so he spent all of his days practicing, or writing, or reading, or visiting museums, things that reminded him of what life used to be before the heat and the death came to crowd him over. It was difficult, though. That was why he needed to get better and do it soon, he needed his tremor to disappear forever and he needed his inspiration to come back to him, otherwise he’d end up doing another stupid, impulsive, perhaps deadly thing.
you you
Sherlock.”
"Me?"
"Of course not, just... Worried."
John widened his eyes. "You did
Except for a small part of his parietal lobe, that small part which controlled the pain and the touch. But that for now only sensed the touch.
“That doesn’t concern you, does it?”
"Don't be silly John, you can stay at my room tonight if you want to" -Sherlock looked at him with a small smile in his face, he couldn't say no, he simply couldn't.
He couldn't blame it for that.
John thought bitterly. Except he didn’t want to remember. Sherlock was now only a corpse. Sherlock didn’t exist anymore, so he didn’t have to remember him.
"Of course you don't have to, but I mean, if you want, you're welcome to join. We gather today and every Monday afternoon."
It was…
John shook his head and walked away, losing himself in the middle of the horizon.
"Yesterday I was talking to Harry Watson..."
He was gone before Sherlock could say anything else. He then listened to the door closing and sighed. He wished John would stay, always, forever, for the rest of their lives.
"What?", John turned to look at him, his gestures softening a little when he looked at the greaser's face. He still wanted to punch him though.
He took a deep breath and thought of knocking on the door, but stopped himself and thought it was better not making a scandal. He picked a small rock from the garden and pointed to the window at the right, in the second floor. "Harry, this better be the right window because if your father shows up I swear I'll say you forced me to come in here." Harry didn't react.
She turned to look at John. "Fine. Fine. But I did warn you, John. I told you not to get involved with that greaser."
“I reeeally couldn’t care less about the solar system.”
"You always scare me." John said with a smile.
"What?" John asked seriously confused.
he looked towards the window and yes, by the likes of it, it seemed as if it was the afternoon, around 1 or 2 p.m.
He simply sat, looking at the horizon, trying to find beauty amidst the horrors of war, that still haunted him like a ghost, that chased him even in his dreams, that turned beauty into pain. That shot that pain all through his body and concentrated on the wound of his shoulder and the limp of his leg.
Sherlock started walking faster, he felt exhausted, completely exhausted, but the adrenaline was stronger and it was what was motivating him to keep going. Well, that and the idea that he could save John Watson.
"You know I don't need a good grade to prove I'm clever." Sherlock said stubbornly.
They arrived to St. Bart's morgue. When Sherlock looked at the body, his face changed from excitement to a huge and unpleasant surprise. He kept staring at the message in disbelief, he immediately knew it was for him:
As soon as he finished talking, John felt something had kicked his seat. Not a difficult deduction, he turned to look at Sherlock who was staring at him with a smile in his face. "Pair up with me,  Johnny boy?"
"Right." Greg nodded. "Well, I have to go. Good afternoon."
John cleared his throat and smiled. "...Well you should try to do some of your
Sherlock didn't answer, he just moved a little as John sat by his side. Then, as soon as he was seated, the greaser opened the book again and continued reading without paying any attention to John.
He felt completely focused, absorbed into what he was painting, as if he was pouring not only his talent, but his mind, his creativity and his soul into drawing Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock didn’t reply. John cleared his throat. He wanted to leave. Immediately. On the other hand…he wanted to meet this man, get to know him. Why? He had absolutely no idea, he wished he could understand him.
“You talk as if you’ve lived it.”
Sometimes, memories were associated with smells, with sensations and with sounds rather than with images.
Sherlock would wake up in the middle of the night with nightmares. He had them almost every night. John would look at him worriedly in the morning, seeing the increasing bags beneath his eyes and his restlessness, and one day he talked to Mycroft, arrangements were made, and John slept next to Sherlock.
"At least there are no more lies between the two of you. Things might go back to how they used to be, you know, before."
"Please don't. And take care. Please."
The pain and weight he felt on his eyes forced him to close them again. As soon as he closed them the noise became lower, and the siren now sounded distantly. The hand holding his moved a bit, the grip grew stronger.
John swallowed and took another sip of tea, not knowing what else to do.
"Are you flip? I'm not going to spend my Friday night doing a work with you!"
"What did your brother mean with 'the last time'?" The question popped suddenly into John's mind and John needed to
As soon as they were out of sight, Sherlock walked into Lestrade’s office, where he found Melissa looking at the patient’s records, she had already placed Isabella’s apart, and Sherlock took a look at it.
John went back to his seat and looked at him, shaking his head. "How could they do this to her?"
"Oh, I know better than that, believe me."
It was perfectly fine. He was not disappointed, not at all.
Time is relative. Time can pass incredibly fast or incredibly slow. Sherlock had come to realise eventually that his time with John, that year and a half before the fall, had passed by incredibly
"I know, I know! But I was drunk and I just wanted to see you and I couldn't come up with a better excuse. So I was terrified, but it felt so good. I love driving, John. I do."
"But those things are in the past, Mr. Holmes. Don't you think?... You saved my life after all."
He said quietly. "...but we can make it work."
John's father shook it and studied Sherlock up and down. "Are you here because of Harriet?" He said coldly.
He took a quick shower, (reluctantly) ate his sandwich, and walked out. Only one destination in mind: Lacuna.
"I'll stick with Watson or nerd. Those are more suitable for you." Sherlock said nonchalantly.
"One hundred and ninety milligrams of morphine were found in your body. One hundred and ninety."
"Not good?"
She opened the door with the softest smile on her face. She knew, she definitely knew. He smiled weakly at her. "Hey, are you okay?"
Mike looked around, “he must be here, somewhere. Oh! Hi Kate! Thank you for coming!, keep enjoying the gallery mate”, he said, walking to meet the woman he’d just greeted.
"You quit it?" John asked, opening his eyes and looking at Sherlock for a moment.
John chuckled. "Fine. Pity for you, your boyfriend loves studying so you'll have to get used to that."
He dreaded that cold, calculating look he saw in John Watson's eyes. A look he had never, not once, seen in his face before the fall. Now it seemed like John was studying him, seeing him as a potential threat, as someone who could cause him harm.
greaser
As with almost everything else in his life.
Moran looked at Sherlock with a smug smile on his face. He didn’t look surprised at all. Actually, he kind of looked as if he was enjoying it, as if he was telling the sleuth it had taken him too long to find him. What could mean that smile? Well, he would worry about it later.
Sherlock nodded while opening the door. "Yes." He stopped there, John, his eyes narrowed, "NO!", he fixed immediately, turning to look at her. "No, no. Send them to", he turned to look at Lestrade, "New Scotland Yard."
He couldn't resist the temptation, he leaned closer, he had to. He held her wrist. She kept her eyes fixed on him, without saying a word. He waited for a while. "And I can take your pulse, elevated. Busted, Mrs. Adler."
kiss,
After an almost endless week of exams and paper works, John and Sherlock finally managed to go to the fair on Friday. It was as crowded as two weeks ago, and almost as uneventful. Well, not really.
he didn’t say.
He took a step forward, tentatively. "Doctor Watson, I'm Sherlock Holmes."
He shook the thoughts away from his brain violently, told himself he wasn’t that fucking 14-year old boy anymore and he should just get over with it.
John laughed. "Righto."
Greg nodded.
"Would you mind giving him my telephone number?" She said shyly.
"Thank you, so to you with Clara."
Hawthorne stood up, clearly feeling a bit uncomfortable, not knowing what to do now. “Fine. That’ll work. We keep all of our patient's records, just in case. It’s part of our politics.”
As soon as they arrived to Sherlock's house, Irene looked startled. "Wow. What a manor."
"He...is seeing someone." Mycroft made up a quick excuse. He sounded quite convinced.
. I was numb all time and people used to think I was weird. But Victor didn't. He understood. He knew what I went through."
I promise next chapter will be up soon and things will be better and pretty and cute and adorable. I hope to make it up for all the angst!!! I love you lots <3 (Please don't hate me and enjoy!!!)
*********
And he’d have to make peace with it. Get used to it. He had a lifetime of losses, another one wouldn’t kill him.
"Yes, yes. Finally. It was our birthday present, for both me and Harry, but that day she escaped and left to a party and drank too much and... Well, she had a race and crashed our car with another one. I don't know what happened to the person she crashed with, I just remember a phone call and ambulances and Harry was fine but the other wasn't and now I'm the only one allowed to drive."
"Not yet, mate. Powerful anesthetic and his body needs all the energy to recover from the wound."
“Did you know that Alan Turing lived here?”, Sherlock asked as soon as they walked around Little Venice.
Sherlock smiled, recalling a familiar memory, few years ago. "People do little else." He smiled.
He blocked his ears from any sound. He didn’t want to hear John’s voice. He wanted John to leave as soon as possible, He wanted to be alone. He wanted to cry and scream and just let it all go, but without John there. Why was he still there?
He didn't say another word, he simply walked away.
"My...
John realized that it was the first time in lots of days he was talking to Sherlock again. He had to seize this opportunity. Plus he was calling him John. Now they could have a proper talk. He closed his eyes, still not sure of what he was going to say. "Why didn't you tell me...you liked her?" His voice came almost like a whisper, while he shook his head.
Sherlock didn't move. "No. I'm busy, I'm thinking".
Sherlock’s expression cleared a little bit. “What?”
-----------
“Me too”, Sherlock said without thinking. “Erm- I mean, I always liked that contrast in
"You'll let him know someday." -Harry said smiling widely at him.
“Have you painted anything?”
He knew this wasn't going to end well. There was no possible way.
He nodded at Sherlock, even though he knew the detective was so immersed on the folder he probably hadn't even caught the gesture. He stood up and moved towards the door. When he was about to leave the flat, a tiny voice stopped him. "He didn't recognise me."
Wait.
By the time Michael killed Alice, Melissa was dating him. She had manipulated him into killing her and then threatened him to not to say a word about her. It had worked. He didn’t.
Sarah replied this time. "Yes. My parents are out of town for the weekend and I thought it would be nice. A small party between all of us." She said, and her voice sounded quite confident.
"No fucking way man, you're drunk." Greg answered shaking his head.
John took a deep breath. Of course, of all dates he had to choose this particular day to deliver the projects.
"You are spying me?"
"You don't say". Lestrade said sarcastically. Molly entered to the morgue. She looked both worried and interested about this case.
“Yeah, goodbye”, John replied.
He followed that voice.
John looked at the brush in his hand and nodded. “I will”, he replied.
The hand kept caressing his nape, coming up to touch Sherlock’s hair, and stood there.
"Holmes! Where are you?"
Greg turned to look at Sherlock. "By the way Holmes, where have you been all these past days during lunch? Man, we always save you a spot and you never arrive!"
"We've...
"It is! You are my brother!" Mycroft said completely calm.
"Excuse me, protecting me from what?"
John unbuttoned the first button in the shirt.
John sighed and closed his eyes. "I don't really want to talk about it."
“You should try”, Sherlock said, filling the silence.
"That's definitely not a good idea."
"Don't even mention it", she said as she walked away.
He slept for the rest of the day.
"I hadn't seen you in my life and now I'm supposedly your 'partner in crime-solving'? I don't even know what you are! What did you tell the press?"
Sherlock slowly moved his fingers from where they were resting, in the seat, towards the hand John was using to lean his weight on. He intertwined them. “Okay”, he whispered.
"Well, it torments Sherlock too." John said slowly, his eyes fixed on his sister as he asked himself why was he still defending Sherlock when he was supposed to do the opposite and not think about the greaser.
“So, I’m sorry for acting the way I did. I didn’t intend to- I just-”
He threw the brush that he was still holding in his hand and walked away, closing the door behind him.
John's body was trembling, their kisses were more and more erratic, both of them were so near to the edge.
And then he was gone, and John thought that was probably the most confusing moment ever. Sherlock in fact turned out to be somehow different. And he smiled. At least he didn't get a punch in the face, so their meeting did go well after all. And they had a topic. And he liked Chemistry, well he was definitely not the typical greaser. And the boy had smiled, a genuine, 100% smile. And John smiled wider.
Sherlock smiled for a moment, as the memories passed by. He didn't clarify Irene that they had never actually had a
John cut him off before he would continue. "Of course we spend a lot of time, but it's not because we want to! We are really focused on doing this project and doing it right, you are his friend, you should know he is a perfectionist. But that's all. That's all there is." John said trying to sound as nonchalant as possible, but he ended up talking really fast and sounding nervous and annoyed, which Greg had clearly seen.
"Good evening Mycroft, what's the reason of your call?"
“Somehow the inspiration has slowly returned.”
He knew approximately which was the correct heart rate while taking the drug.
"So what are the details this time, detective inspector?"
"Have you seen my phone? I hadn't seen it since this morning."
"...you know, after the OD." Sherlock said quickly, thinking he should probably stop forcing John's brain to remember.
John sat there, confused, not quite understanding what had just happened. Sherlock came back a minute later and,without muttering a word, he sat on the rug and opened the book again.
There's no such thing as what ifs in real world, Sherlock told himself. Facts were facts and that was it.
"I bet you are." -Harry looked at him suspiciously. John looked at her with a
John gasped and pressed his hips against Sherlock’s.
But this wasn't the same National Gallery he had visited with his mother all those years ago. So he kept walking, ignoring the raging nostalgia he felt building in his stomach.
John broke the kiss to stare into Sherlock's eyes. "What?", he asked.
himself not to rush to open the door, but by the time the bell rang again, he was already climbing down the stairs and hating himself for being so stupidly filled with hope.
John stared at him, speechless. “It didn’t?”, he asked, sounding a bit sad.
“I don’t care! Keep drawing!”, Sherlock urged.
But John couldn't smile back, he couldn't fake, he just couldn't smile at Sherlock anymore, he resisted the urge of returning the smile, shook his head, looked down and when he looked back up, Sherlock's smile was gone as well, and the moment was over. He closed the curtain and forced himself to go back to his bed and continue studying and doing the homework. He couldn't, every time he tried, he heard Sherlock's voice, and it was getting harder and harder to ignore it.
"The thing is, this procedure is brain damage, and although there haven't been any major consequences, it might happen that the damage could extend and affect your whole brain. Are you sure you want to risk that? Your whole career?"
John kissed him on the nape of his neck. “Thank you”, he said.
And John couldn’t remember a moment when he had felt more at peace with himself and with his surroundings. Perhaps such moment had existed, but it had been blurred amidst the sweat, the heat and the blood of Afghanistan.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, his face drawing into a snarl. "You know what for, Sherlock."
“Apologize? What for?”
"Look, I was feeling confused and annoyed. I think it's no secret for you that Irene's message took me by surprise. But, of course you are my best friend, John, I think it's obvious"
But just before Sherlock had the last glimpse of John Watson he would ever have, he dared to speak, and asked the only thing he could possibly ask John. "Just-", he started before John got to close the door behind him and John opened it a fraction, Sherlock's voice was low, shy and broken when it said, "please just don't erase me from your mind again."
is my spot!" He said pointing at his desk.
John knew Sherlock was lying. He was an expert liar. He could act like he didn't care at all, but John knew better than that. John knew Sherlock denied the truth and that truth was that Sherlock of course
At least they still had the history project left.
"Hey! I wasn't there!" Greg complained.
"Sherlock Holmes, I said IN, NOW!"
"Oh for God's sake, what else do you want, nerd? Wasn't this conversation over?"
John wasn't one for breaking promises. Was he?
“We talked. You- you asked me if I had a girlfriend. I said no. You asked me if I had a boyfriend. I said no.”
“Although-”Victor said leaning closer to whisper into Sherlock’s ear and the greaser’s eyes widened and the strength he had gained vanished. “I did love to see your tough side…I had never seen it before. You’ve changed.”
Sherlock frowned, “Why?”
So sorry for the delay, life keeps getting in the way, don't you hate it when this happens? Enjoy!
Sherlock's legs were trembling. This was
John was staring at him as if he was some kind of mystery, something he couldn't understand or figure out completely.
"So, your house, of course." John said.
"John, hi! how are you?"
"And you lost two years or...?"
"Because we're both lying."
"Leave me alone! Leave me in peace! It's the only thing you can do to help now!" John shouted, and Sherlock stood still, staring at him, then he frowned.
His mind went quiet.
"Nope.
John nodded, picked up his cup with his right hand, threw one last look at Sherlock, picked the napkin the woman had given him and then walked away, leaving a bemused and terrified sleuth behind. Then he got lost in the people, in the street, in London, just like that.
It had been exactly eight days since the crime at the house next door happened, and John wasn't really used to seeing these policemen and investigators all the time. Sherlock wasn't there, apparently. John couldn't come too close to the house, so it was hard to guess. He took a deep breath and entered his house. Actually, rock n' roll had been a good therapy. Somehow, he felt much better now.
"Oh really? A project of
When John finally turned to look at him again, he simply stared. “How are you feeling?”, he asked after a while.
Irene, as usual, was right. John was inside his car, but wasn't turning it on. Sherlock couldn't see quite well what he was doing, but something was wrong. He felt an impulse of going to John's car and saying he was sorry and he loved him and not Irene and...shit.
“Very eloquent, John.”
“Sir?” Anthea broke the long moment of silence. “Should we tell your brother?”
“No, not anything, no. I can’t paint the face of that soldier when he threw his last breath as a bullet graced him through the heart. I can try, but it’ll never convey all the pain behind it. It’ll never convey the death behind it. Life imitates art and so I can’t express death through art.”
"I just wanted to tell you that neither me nor Sherlock had nothing to do with it. That was all Jim's plan. He tends to be like that. But he is a good fella."
"Yes dear, Mrs Hudson" she answered with a smile. "I brought you two your pies and some milk so you can take a proper break from working so hard."
Of course, it had never been his, it was theirs.
Sherlock examined him with his eyes, they stared at each other silently. Finally, John felt his voice returning to him and he aimed for a casual conversation. “That was four years ago, people change.”
"It's 8:30 pm! I sent Harry to look for you!"
"A year and a half. You- we lived together in Baker Street."
"Don't be silly, I won't do anything. He is exhausted and needs to get some rest."
John eyed him dubiously. He shook his head.
Mycroft stood up with a sigh and walked towards the morphine drip. "I opposed to it, considering your history, but apparently there's no other option."
There had been a span of four months between one and the other, what had motivated the killer to act with such urgency lately? Surely there must had been some motivation behind those actions. Was it fear at the possibility of getting caught, now that Sherlock was back in London and Scotland Yard would stop classifying every single murder under the sun as ‘unsolved’? Probably.
“That’s because I don’t settle for painting reality. But you do. That’s why you asked me to teach you, didn’t you?”
As soon as John said that, Sherlock pulled apart, frowning, but singing the song, focusing his view on the window. They didn't speak until they arrived to the greaser's house and John hated it to be over.
"Sherlock, no. No one said that to me." Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a breath he didn't know he had been holding. "Why?"
The hardest part of visiting John’s blog regularly was to avoid writing a comment. There were so many things he wanted to say, he wanted to start by telling him he was alive. But that was… a bit not good. He also wanted to comment on John’s writing skills. But he stopped himself halfway.
"I can try and keep him safe."
Whoever was responsible for these deaths didn’t act deliberately. These people knew the killer, they allowed them into their house, they trusted them in order to do so. They knew the killer somehow, but how was it possible that Michael Jones could know all these people? Even if he worked for Lacuna, he was just the messenger, he had nothing to do with the patients, unless he’d show up at the doctor’s office in the middle of the procedures and befriended them. But that was highly unlikely.
But a part of me knew, somehow, because I couldn't get away. I couldn't. I was hooked, from the very first moment, he was like a drug. Sherlock knew of course, he knew I had erased him and he tried to leave, to put his distance and walk away because he thought that was what I wanted, but truth was I thought I'd never really
It seemed impossible, but it seemed like the only possible answer.
Sherlock?" She talked lowly.
"I will always see the façade with you."
She turned to face Harry. "And it's been a pleasure meeting you, Harry. Give me a call someday."
Woah, how had that thought crept in there?
"You want to make the project about chemistry?"
Sherlock turned to look at him, unable to clear his face from pulling itself in a weird expression that denoted surprise, a pleasant, unexpected surprise. John looked at him with the same kind of wonder, none of them knowing exactly why the other was looking at them that way.
He sighed. It was happening a lot lately.
"Well, I think that's the best thing we can do." John said moving his arms, loosing from Sherlock's hold. "Just work partners. As it was always meant to be."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Because you've never thought about it."
Sherlock thought. John had mentioned his sister the day before, as he talked about Elvis, except he forgot to mention that a.She was a girl and b. She liked girls.
"I- I'm fine."
Dr. Hawthorne raised an eyebrow. "Who is he?" He asked seriously.
John smiled, but that kind of smile which does not come out when he was happy, it was a smile of utter and absolute anger. "His
Greg shook his head with a frown. "No, just in case. I'm a detective inspector so I must be attentive of any irregularities..."
John’s eyes were a mystery. Light showed their color, dark hid them. A perfect chiaroscuro right there, in the same place.
"Oh Jesus", he muttered, his breath leaving his body, as if he'd just been punched in his body. "No".
“I want you to start drawing certain parts of the body: an arm or a leg or a hand if you’re feeling bold. Remember to imagine the light hitting on that part of the body and what side it would illuminate and which it would darken, and use the shadow as a way to create dimension”.
Ethereal, instantaneous, removable, disposable, forgettable…a failure.
"Melissa."
John looked at him hesitantly.
“That’s not bad”, Sherlock replied.
Sherlock guided him towards his room. John could only follow.
At the same time, Melissa entered to the room holding a tray and stooped suddenly, standing completely frozen. Sherlock stared at her. "You!" She cleared her throat. "It's true then, you're alive!"
Sherlock flinched. John retired his hand immediately. "Sorry."
"It's just, you...you pretend and pretend and pretend." John said shaking his head and wondering why his brain wasn't coordinating what his mouth was saying. He sounded so bitter, so helpless. "...And what if all of this is just another one of your lies? What if I'm just a joke to you?"
He really couldn't care less about lunch, but Mike invited him to his table and it was fine. Except for Mike, he didn't have any other friends, he wasn't very good at socializing, and the few people he barely talked to, it was because he had met them through his sister. To be honest, he didn't really feel the need to have friends, he had books, and that was all he needed.
Sherlock smiled at John and he needn't say anything, he knew John forgave him. He felt better, like he had taken a weight off his shoulders. They stood silent for the rest of the ride, but the awkwardness was gone, they were so comfortable with each other's company, that they were afraid talking would ruin everything.
It was a full circle: seeing John would cause John pain, not seeing John would cause him pain, which would force him to see John again. Either way: one of them would end up hurt.
As soon as the door of the flat closed, he slumped himself in the couch and looked at the tiny trace the drugs had left in his body.
Sherlock sighed at the mention of John's name while he felt his heart breaking inside a little. But he remained stoic and barely rolled his eyes. "No." He said sharply, walking past her, towards the stairs.
“There you go”, John said, handing him two pills and a glass of water. “Take them, I’ll make you something to eat and you’ll go to sleep.”
Oh, that.
John looked at him, puzzled. Then he shook his head and forced himself to keep talking, “I saw your portrait. You look different too
Just one would cause the desired effect. Of course it would.The night of the party he was too drunk and that fogged his brain enough, but aside from that, he hadn't taken them in a long time, so whichever resistance his body had developed towards them was no longer there. Absolutely logical assumption.
He simply had never felt such kind of proximity towards any other human being ever. He couldn’t understand how John had managed to break through his carefully constructed shields and reach to him, but he had, in such little time he had. He never thought he would find someone else to be that interesting, that complex, it just didn’t seem right, this was something Sherlock never did.
"Jesus John, chill!"
“I know that feeling, John. I got bored and I ran away too, I found shelter in something easier to acquire than a recruitment to Afghanistan, though.”
It was utterly stupid feeling like this because of someone else.
She threw a killing gaze at him and continued to rub her head closing her eyes. "I'm dying... And I don't remember anything from it."
He sat on the sofa, thinking. His theory about some kind of PTSD seemed to make more sense now. John could have blocked everything which reminded him of Sherlock after the fall and after some time of assimilation he could come back to himself. But something was wrong, Greg could tell, but had no idea of what it was.
to be reading, John couldn't be quite sure. He stood there, looking at him and thinking how it was possible that something that seemed so good, so legit, so wonderful, could end so abruptly and then act as if nothing happened. It wasn't fair. He hated that, and he wanted to hate Sherlock for it. But he couldn't, he simply couldn't.
As soon as he heard his last name, John turned his face up from the pad and looked at the man passing by his side, who gave a loud breath and walked forcedly towards the desk. He answered the greaser's reaction by rolling his eyes, also showing his displeasure.
“You didn’t like it, did you?”, John asked, sounding a bit disappointed.
“I’m certainly learning from the best.”
John cracked in laughter as he stared at Sherlock who raised another annoyed, not-amused eyebrow at him. “Seriously.”
******
I also invite you to follow
John turned on his car and couldn't help but smile. He didn't know what had happened but
"I'm glad you liked it dear, you're welcome."
"One of them?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow, offended.
She sighed. "Sometimes I wonder how I manage to deal with being your sister."
He now couldn’t help associating the painting with the painter. And he hated that.
Sherlock shrugged. "I've always been pale."
"Sherlock!", Lestrade said rubbing his eyes, "can you please explain to me what is going on? What's Lacuna?"
There were crescendos and adagios and opus drawing themselves along Sherlock’s body, forming a symphony.
-----------------------
don't do that!"
Just to clarify: John and Sherlock live in a town nearby London, but not in London. I had planned it since the very beginning but I'd forgotten to write it. x
“I’ve never taught anyone anything, but I could give it a try, as long as you don’t be insufferable and pretend to be an idiot”, Sherlock said with a small smile and a shrug.
"Why do you care?" Sherlock said with a frown.
"You told me ten minutes ago that you weren't hungry."
"...And that is Buddy Holly and The Crickets."
John nodded and smiled forcedly. "Yeah, fine. Just a little... Tired."
"Sherlock is that sound coming from your phone
“Just hit delete and that’s all.” She repeated sadly.
"What do you mean you don't know?", John asked, widening his eyes.
"With
Sherlock nodded and focused his gaze on her. "Go on, then."
“I’ll stop by 221B as soon as we finish here. Let him know I’m back.”
out of his life.
"And why did you bring them?"
God. It had been so long.
"Rock n' roll, then."
As soon as he saw the police taking the tape off he felt a bit disappointed, because this was the only way John had to still catch the last glimpses of that mysterious Sherlock, whose brain worked unstoppable, who
He stopped in the living room. Sherlock walked in right behind him.
anything
John had listened to him. John knew now.
John smiled softly at him.
Sherlock must have taken a taxi because by the time John arrived back to his house, he was already outside of the house next door, talking seriously with Dimmock. John parked his car and went towards them, waiting until Sherlock finished talking with the detective so they could have a proper talk.
Sherlock took a step forward too and said. "He is still studying. About to get graduated, but that's irrelevant. I haven't even finished high school and here I am, this case is in my hands."
. Tell me about your friend, then."
He had pictured it so many times, yet this wasn't none of them. He had prepared what he would say, what he would tell John: how he survived his death, the countries he visited while being away, the way he stopped a nuclear war from almost developing by deducing the colonel's life from taking a look at his shoes. He thought about the things he wouldn't say, about the facts he would keep just to himself, starting by Serbia.
Sherlock moved slightly closer so their shoulders were brushing, and quietly said, “John, tell me.”
They crashed their bodies together, both of them desperate to
"Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Why a palace?"
greaser
"Sherlock, dear! It's been a long time since I last saw you!"
like one of those neoclassical paintings, with their profound attention to details and to a kind of symmetry that displayed the complexity and the depth of the human body and its relationship to the world that surrounds it. No. He wished it was. What he felt was messy, asymmetrical, almost incomprehensible, filled with awkward shapes and textures, with much-too-rough brushstrokes and too many weird colors. There was no logic behind it, no certain and definite approach, there was no consensus, no balance, no clearness, no order.
Sherlock opened the door of his room and both went out of it. John stood up immediately, to check if he was okay. At least he was dressed. And so was she, which was even more surprising, given the way they had first met. Irene looked at John and smiled wider.
John smiled, “I know you don’t.”
There is not two of us. No. God no. We are...friends" he babbled as a small grin threatened to appear in his face.
"Nothing. Absolutely nothing." John said, half to Sherlock, half to himself, because that was all there was left.
There were moments when he found his mind empty, devoid of all sounds. No do, no re, no mi. No crescendos. No allegros. Nothing.
He had stopped crying at some point, he couldn’t tell when. Time was moving too fast and too slow. It was difficult discerning one from the other.
I can't even begin to thank you for all your support towards this fic, in the ups and downs, in those times when it seemed like the pain was unstoppable and they would never ever be happy, when there was nothing but darkness, thank you for sticking with me. It was an incredible ride, I just couldn't help falling in love with this version of John and Sherlock, and I did my best to bring you a teenlock fic that had it all, I'm sorry for causing you a lot of pain, but hey doesn't that remind you of BBC Sherlock itself?
He flinched internally, “she had died. I had assumed so because I had seen her body at the morgue. She wasn’t. She summoned John here-”
"Just one more question."
From John.
He looked at Sherlock, “What do you know about it?”, he said loudly, “you didn’t live it, you weren’t there! You didn’t see! You didn’t lose!”
Love was a vicious motivator indeed.
They stared at each other for what Sherlock thought was a long time, when Irene's phone sounded. She looked immediately at the phone lying on the table and ran to grab it. "Sorry, have to answer. I'll be right back."
As soon as he'd opened it, John broke the kiss and stared at Sherlock hungrily, the darkness eclipsing the light of his pupils. Sherlock nodded once again and John got on his knees.
"Why don't we just finish lunch in silence."
It was beautiful. It was as if the eye had come to life. A small element of impressionism there, but sticking to reality. Only John Watson could do something like that. He was brilliant. Why he didn’t have any more paintings at the Tate Modern was beyond Sherlock.
