Lying on the ground, Tony had gotten a view that belonged on every postcard. A sweaty Steve Rogers reaching his hand down, the sun shining behind him, making the man almost glow.
“Phil. He was a dirty cop. He needed to go.”
“You’re right,” agreed Stark. “God,” he continued, “this is too fucked up. Life was so much easier when you stayed on your side of New York, and I stayed on mine.”
Outside, was none other than Rumlow, with a handcuffed Steve Rogers.
He stepped away from the dance floor, expertly dodging the milling bystanders. He thought he saw Obie’s large frame across the room and made a point to catch him on his way out. The bar was surprisingly empty, most of the patrons already out and about, bragging to one another about their endless wealth. “Martini,” he told the bartender, leaning over the tabletop. “Extra everything.”
He sent the command for JARVIS, tossing his phone away. There was a split second that nothing happened, but Steve moved anyway, a burst of adrenaline pushing him up towards the window. He felt his skin being pierced, shards of glass that remained in the windows cut him as he crashed thought, but it was negligent, as a rumbling sounded, the only warning that came before a wall of heat roared behind them, sending them crashing out of the warehouse.
, it said.
Steve’s head whipped to the door, mouth gaping open as he saw Tony Stark leaning casually against the door frame. At first glance, he looked eons better than the last time they interacted. The red, irritated skin covering in bruises and cuts had returned to its natural olive. Gone was the soot and sweat soaked hair, replaced now by soft, tousled locks. Even the anger in his face was gone, a soft smile and warm eyes in its place.
“A few hundred.” Hill hesitated. “It could have been a lot worse.”
Tony groaned dramatically. “What are you gonna do, make me? We’ve already established you won’t shoot me. I don’t think you understand what you’re asking me to do.”
Whatever. Desperate times call for desperate measures. And it’s not like he could have gone about it any other way. Well, any other way that wouldn’t end up with his arrest headlining the evening news.
“I’m never not serious,” she drawled.
Tony furrowed his brow; that didn’t sound like The Captain at all.
Natasha shushed him. “Is he going to help?”
He pressed his back against the far wall, letting his body slide to the floor.
’. The bastard got into more fights than I did.
“I’m sorry,” Steve sobbed. “I’m sorry, I’m
In the beginning, Tony didn’t worry. He knew it would take some time for Steve to ditch his house and make his way to Tony. But day after day passed, and still nothing. Steve should have made it out here by now, even if he had walked the whole way.
"What about Thor?" Bucky suggested. "Loki's his brother, maybe he can talk Steve out of this!"
Obie met his gaze and for a moment, Tony was afraid, catching a glimpse of something – of someone – he’d never seen before. “You know how I feel about failure. I have no tolerance for it and they didn’t get the job done.”
Any hope of catching Fury off guard was quickly stamped out, as Fury’s stone-cold expression shifted over to him. “Officer Coulson? He’s dead. Lost in the line of fire to gang violence. We held a memorial for him not too long ago; he was a good man.”
The breath was pushed out of his lungs, as he struggled to keep conscious. He groaned when he felt himself being picked up. His blurry vision barely caught his future self drag him off until the alley, before he drifted off.
Tony tensed in his arms, but nodded softly. No other words were spoken, just their breathing which had easily synced back up with one another. It wasn’t long before Tony’s breaths evened out again, the man pulled back out of consciousness.
The Captain’s eyes hardened. “Maybe I wasn’t asking.”
“Force of habit, I guess. Why do you care? Didn’t realize my father was such a sore spot for you as well.”
“We need to focus on Loki!”
Bucky shot him an exasperated look. “Steve, you’ve been walking around this apartment like you’ve seen a ghost for the past three days. I haven’t seen you eat, you go in your room, but I don’t know if you’re sleeping. And today? I’m not even sure what you were doing during today’s podcast. I’m not an idiot, Steve. Something’s wrong.”
Pierce turned slightly, looking at Obadiah Stane. “It’s probably best to assume he survived. Barnes and Stark were there; they probably pulled him out.”
“What is this place?” Thor asked.
The pair sat in silence, listening to the seconds and minutes tick by on Fury’s wall clock.
Steve looked back at his partner. “Can’t you just fly us out?”
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out,” he said with a wink. Behind him, Tony could hear Clint groan. “Here’s the sitch; we need a phone. I gotta call a man about a suit, if you know what I mean. Wanna help an Avenger out?” Tony gave his best sultry eyes, and if some of his bedroom voice spilled through, oh well.
Tony scoffed. “Oh, of course. You’re so right. When is a good time for you? Because apparently, you were too busy to mention it in the
“Are you sure?” The skull chuckled. “You can’t even trust your own head anymore; you’ve gone too far off the rails. Am I real? Or am I the thing that plagues your head every night? Or am I both?”
But Steve found himself slipping. He knew it; everyone else knew it. To be fair, just by looking around the state of the room in front of him, the rest of his team wasn’t doing much better. Clint was nothing more than a stumbling bar now. Steve knew he would forever have nightmares of even going so far as having to check the man’s pulse a few times. Bucky is withdrawn, again. With the loss of Clint and the weight of Coulson’s demise, his friend had closed up so far into his shell, Steve wasn’t sure he’d ever get him back out.
he thought to himself.
Barnes groaned softly as he forced himself up, walking towards the door, blankets trailing along the floor with each step. “No,” he retorted. “Thank you.”
“He misses you,” the blonde said instead.
Steve shook his head trying to reach out for the man. “Stark, calm down- ”
“Ugh, there’s pus!” Pepper cried.
Steve shrugged. “Who knows? Could be my real name. I’ll leave you to your deductions.”
“Alright being the operative term,” the other man groaned. “Jesus, he’s still kicking?”
"Indubitably."
“I got this,” Bucky said, pushing his way to the front, reaching down. His metal arm wrapped around the lid and yanked, sending the metal cap flying down the alleyway.
Clint bit his lip. He shouldn’t be listening to this. Maybe he should leave. Or would it be better to barge in? Before, when the pair were barely on speaking terms, Clint and the others would always intervene before Steve and Tony’s hourly argument went nuclear. But it was different now. They were together; couples fight, he shouldn’t get involved. But those two were also the only ones keeping the family together. A huge fallout could be catastrophic.
The other man shifted uneasily on his legs-
Tony sighed. “I think the best we can wish for is that Loki gets sent to the Norwegian version of a gulag. Don’t they tie people to boats and set them on fire?”
How could this man keep on giving? Steve had heard about Tony Stark for years. About the Merchant of Death, the man with no heart. But he had never heard anything about the man standing next to him. How had everyone overlooked this? How had no one seen the true Tony Stark? How had Howard missed that his son was so special?
“Bucky,” Steve started again, reaching a hand out. Bucky flinched, running away from the window.
So, yeah.
“You know you were the youngest Looper I ever hired? They thought you looked goddamn ridiculous. Just a scrappy little twig. I remember when my men brought you in. And I could see. I could see your life turn bad in front of my eyes. So what did I do? I changed it. I brought you in, cleaned you up and put the shield in your hands. I gave you something that was yours.”
“What?”
“Hey, rise and shine sleeping beauty!” With that, he thrust a small buzzer into Steve’s hands. “Here. You said we needed a way to communicate. Press the button and it’ll light up.”
“I need a name, Hammer.”
“What about him?”
5. Abigail Ramsey - Anger
“You need me.”
Steve liked to try and guess who they were, making up stories about their lives. Like the man with the guitar, saving his earned quarters for a personal recording, one that would lead him to a record deal. Or the couple, getting coffee before leaving on their mission as international spies. Maybe the police officer was so tired because he’d stayed up late practicing his lines for a play he was in.
Barnes peeked his head back around the corner he disappeared from. “Is this your way of telling me you like me?”
“And then I was thinking,” Fury interrupted. “What would you be doing with Tony Stark if you knew he was working with a mob? And then? It hit me. See, you’ve been covering your tracks for a long time, Coulson, but you slipped up.” Fury stomped over to him, his finger slapping down on his personal information form. “Louis Ronin.”
they had told him. Steve had scoffed at the blatant lie.
“I need to know why Clint Barton is your emergency contact.’”
Steve gave a hollow laugh. “Well, now you’re gonna follow my orders and answer some questions. I know you’re not the ring leader. Where’s your boss?”
soldiers - the same guns that I had created to defend and to protect them. These same guns that I saw in the hands of one of New York's most nefarious mafias.
“I don’t have time for your shit. Why aren’t you with them?”
“Cut the shit,” Barnes interrupted him. “You’re not fooling anyone, you know.”
“No,” Clint interrupted. “I don’t want to hear any of your excuses. You should have been here. That’s final. There was no other job, no other reason for you to be anywhere else.
“Uh, we have an appointment,” Bucky answered.
“Tony,” Pepper said gently. “You can’t do this to yourself. Go take a day off and rest; we’ll hold down the fort.”
Tony would have been lying if he said he hadn’t been gunning for a quick fuck through all of this. It’s not like it hadn’t happened before; Tony ending up in bed with some of his business partners was not a rare occurrence. Just a final service for the two parties: a quick merger leaving both sides satisfied before going their separate ways. Besides, The Captain’s body was basically a sin. The man was just asking for it with the way be tried to cram his sculpted frame into those thin clothes. Whether he ended up over or under it, Tony wasn’t going to complain.
Peace out.
“No, I know I did.”
After Hill had left, he and Steve had spent the rest of the day together.
Stark shook his head. “You’re not listening. Let’s say that man is HYDRA. And he saw us meeting, which led to my car exploding.”
did no one realize?
Tony sighed, looking around the room. What would HYDRA gain from going after him? He never got in there way. They shouldn't even be on the same radar. They shouldn't see him as an enemy.
“No, this is just what nature really looks like,” Steve chided.
Stark didn’t answer, but by the way that he pressed his phone up to his ear again and biting nervously on his thumbnail was answer enough. Of all the times for Steve to not answer his phone. Bucky itched to reach down and pull his own out to dial his friend, a fake semblance of hope that maybe Steve would pick up for him. But Bucky knew it was no use; if what Sam said was happening was actually happening, then the tunnel vision would have already engulfed him by now, and Steve wouldn’t be answering until he needed too.
“How did they know where I live?”
“What’s wrong?”
“That boy is head over heels for you,” Natasha replied. “You know he’ll be back as much as he can.”
When Sam had confronted Riley’s father, all he did was laugh.
“Why, thank you, Dr. Banner. We’d have never thought of that ourselves.”
Stane hissed out a sharp breath. “You’re an idiot. I
He presented it to Tony nervously, once he figured out there wasn’t anything he could do to save the disaster that was his sculpture. It was a car – well, it was supposed to be. One of the many hot rods that Tony owned. He remembered how Tony had held it gently, staring at it with wide eyes when Steve said he could keep it.
Tony shifted, bouncing on the balls of his feet as he watched the journalists cycle in. The open room was already filled with excited chatter; it seemed that everyone and their mother had crammed in to hear his first public press conference since he'd been kidnapped. He let his eyes drift across the room, locking on to each open doorway, each clear window. He bit his lip. Maybe Obie was right.
“I know,” said Steve. “You think I want to leave you here? You think I don’t just want to go as well?”
“See me?”
Tony walked over and reached his hands out slowly, softly grabbing at Steve’s hands. Steve let him, of course, but remained silent expect for the wet gasps that left his throat.
Barnes’s nose flared, his arm snapping out to grab his gun again, having it pointed back at Tony before he could get another word in. “You think you have Cap wrapped around your little finger don’t you? But let me tell you something. You’re
had. Even the last time they’d been together he’d – Steve paused.
The last tremor caused some of the building to collapse, blocking the main entrance.
“Is something wrong? You usually don’t call during work.”
A pause.
All faces turned to face Steve. “Can you promise not to kill him?” he heard Tony ask.
Steve shook his head. “You’re a fucking idiot, coming here. You can’t be here. I’ll give you some money, that’s it- ”
“I would ask how you got here, but I have a feeling that would be a dumb question.”
“Is there any reason why we now
“We’re not all gonna fit down there!” Sam’s voice carried from the surface. Sure enough, by the time him, Rhodes, Bucky, and Natasha had made it down, they were basically pressed up against each other. “I’ll stay up here with Barton! We’ll keep any interested parties away.” Sam called.
Tony started to manually find the clasps to take off his suit. He stopped however, when he realized that the lower half of his body was stuck under some fallen ceiling.
Tony shook his head. They weren’t getting it. “He sold to the Ten Rings. That’s how they had all those weapons when I was kidnapped.”
Also, get ready! The reunion is happening soon! (Honestly, I might be more excited than you guys; those boys need some serious lovin' and finally have their moment to kick some ass.)
“Bruce called me.”
Tony flew back into Stark Industries. “FRIDAY, scan for the bomb remains.”
But did she ever stop to realize that she was all Steve had?
Steve spared a glance at Sam. Although the other man was looking at the cop, Steve saw the smaller man roll his shoulders, drawing Steve’s attention to the pack he always carried on his back.
“Please,” Barton replied. “If you didn’t know about me then you’re not as important to HYDRA as you thought you were. I’m not about to spill everything to you. Just like I’m not going to let you ruin my op. It’s taken me years to get where I am today; I’m not gonna let some nosy foreigner destroy my success.”
Steve forced himself not to look around his surroundings. He knew he wouldn’t find anything. “You know,” he sighed, “if this is one big elaborate plan just to accuse me of these murders, I’m going to be pissed.”
“Well then,” replied Tony, clapping his hands together. “Let me make you an offer. You get me outta here and over to SI safely, I will buy you a liquor store. Oh, and find the guy who killed your boyfriend and who kept me away from my razor for three months. Square deal?”
“Buck, I couldn’t- ”
So just bear with me!
“We all do,” Tony murmured, glancing over at Steve. Steve couldn’t help but blush, looking away from the intense stare. “Now. Hold on to your hats gentlemen, and be ready to be amazed.”
A large man stepped out of the shadows and up to Tony, a smirk adorning his face. “It’s good to see you again, Mr. Stark.”
Rage, all-consuming and overpowering, surged through his veins. “I’m going to kill you,” Steve hissed, charging towards the computer, barely blocked in time by Natasha.
he missed them.
need you.” Tony paused. “What aren’t you telling me?”
He walked back over to his desk when he looked down at his security cameras.
“If I thought the news could wait, then I wouldn’t have barged in," the foreigner replied, voice shaking. "But this is urgent. I just got off the phone with the police.”
Tony wanted to strangle the man. Who does The Captain think he is, talking to Tony like he was some amateur? Like he has no idea what he’s getting himself into. It made his blood boil. It had been a long time since anyone had talked to him like that. Even when he was young, gangly limbs still filling out his awkward body Tony had stood head tall and teeth bared in both the classroom and the boardroom. In the public eye, even the private. Everyone always praised how much he was like Howard in that regard. Little did they know, he'd gotten that way not because of Howard teaching him, but from the man leading the attack against Tony himself. Maybe that had been his plan all along. That was his parenting style, survival of the fittest.
quickly,” Tony answered, moving towards the edge of the tub.
An SUV screeched around the corner, speeding towards the precinct.
“Right, sorry, sorry!” Pepper replied.
He was Howard.
“Whatever you say, Tony.”
"What makes you so sure?" Obie asked. "You guys aren't exactly friends."
“Okay. You can open them, now.”
Kiss turns into nips, nips turned into biting. Tony moaned loudly as Steve bit into the flesh on his neck. “Holy shit,” he whimpered, tilting his neck farther back, egging Steve for more. Steve complied, while bringing his hands down the slope of Tony’s back, kneading his ass harshly.
Steve saw the gray haired boy tense up, almost vibrating with energy, ready to make a mad dash out of the kitchen.
“Well, I’d like to think that the bomb was meant for you. Know anyone that would want you dead?”
Steve bit his lip, trying to figure out if that was a good or bad sign, watching the team of surgeons work on his husband from behind a large pane of glass. Peter made another unhappy noise from his stroller that was brought in by Bruce. Steve immediately shot a hand out to rock it back and forth, not taking his eyes off the EKG machine attached to Tony.
Tony stomped away towards his car, before The Captain pulled him back again. “I already told you, they’re not in Brooklyn.
"Of course, Sir."
“Well, it’s Rumlow. He hasn’t checked in since he left on a lead for The Captain.”
“What’s in it for me?”
Every tug to get away was almost worse than doing nothing.
There, on the edge of the collage was a photo, barely hanging on to the wall, ripped in half. Clint grabbed for it immediately, unable to stop the gasp that left his throat as he looked down at it.
Steve replied. “I’d be lying if I said I didn’t know that we were, uh,
“You ok?” Steve said as he walked over.
“I’ll keep looking then, Sir.”
and now- ”
“Fury agreed to drop his charges,” Steve tried to smile. “But, since he was still involved with us, he still has to go into protection.”
Uh oh.
He watched the pair dart off, quickly disappearing within the yard. He started to backtrack himself, heading back to the speakeasy. Knowing the Maximoff twins, Clint would have Stark’s location by the end of the week.
Tony didn’t get a response, but he didn’t think he would get one. The Barton that was looking at him was the one that Tony used to see when he had been researching the Commandos. The still photos encompassing ‘The Hawk’, the man hidden in the high shadows. His targets would never see him coming until they were already dead. Tony knew, from being on the other side of the look, that he was as good as dead himself. That’s what he gets for doing the right thing. Somehow, it didn’t seem to bother him. He had known he had been walking into the lions den, but this was something that he couldn't bury. It had kept him up enough nights while he was captive, but the tipping point finally came when he was home, tucked into bed with Steve, the blonde sadly explaining how Clint had fallen off the wagon.
“No biggie, he says,” he heard Barnes huff behind him. Tony shot the man a dirty look over his shoulder.
“No, he never knew. HYDRA just gave me tips to give to Stane on potential buyers, some of which were HYDRA. And of course, I got him in contact with the Ten Rings. When HYDRA found out that Stane wanted to kill Stark, we decided to help. We’d get rid of an enemy, and SHIELD would never know we we’re involved. And, it had the added benefit of Stane making weapons for HYDRA without him even knowing about it.”
"But I've got plenty of officers who witnessed you gun down their friend in cold blood," Pierce winked.
“Well I figured, you’d want something a little more subdued. And a little less me,” chuckled Tony. “I even got you a radio! I didn’t even now they made those anymore.”
“Well, you know the basics. That one up there is the North Star. I think. The group it’s by makes a frying pan. Or a toaster, I can never remember.”
Steve froze.
Barnes’s broken voice bounced around in Tony’ head.
“Steve, it’s been years since I’ve been in the closet,” Tony joked, trying to change the subject. And, judging by Steve’s unimpressed look, it still didn’t work on him. Tony sighed, staring into those blue eyes.
Tony was kind of hoping this Steve hallucination would turn sexy, but there was no way he was doing that with Rhodey around.
Tony felt his heart swelling. Even when he had nothing, Pepper was still there.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Clint finally answered. “Not sure killing that twig would help in the long run. I don’t think Phil would much approve of it anyway.”
He needed to stay focused on his goal. Tony didn’t give a shit,
“No, Tony, you don’t want to know what he did. Something tells me you wouldn’t let him live to see tomorrow.”
They were running out of time.
She nodded, gracefully standing up from the table. Clint felt Bucky reach behind him and grab her slim wrist. Without turning around, Clint knew the look Bucky was giving her. The whole ‘stay safe and if you get hurt I’ll kill you myself’ kind of thing. He wasn't exactly sure the full extent of their relationship, despite being best friends with both of them. It wasn't surprising; Clint was sure their secrets had secrets. It took him three years for Natasha to tell him her middle name. But now that he thinks about it, she probably gave him a fake.
“So. Crazy weather we’re having.”
Obie makes it sound like the company is headed for the shitter. But they're thriving by living off the military contracts. Key word,
When he had finally gotten over walking every step of his new apartment, taking in everything, Steve had crawled into bed. Tony had managed to surprise Steve again. Instead of the fluffy marshmallow Steve thought he would get sucked into, Steve was met with a surprisingly firm bed. It molded with each part of his body, the soft sheets like butter over his skin. Steve was out in minutes.
“Will you just-,” Barnes broke off with a sigh, the man obviously trying to calm himself down. “We… no.
It slipped out of his mouth before he could stop himself. A final plea from a broken man. He had nothing else to say, nothing else to give, but he couldn't not try anyway. They were everything to him. He wasn't afraid of dying - he was only afraid of dying knowing that others would follow.
“A friend gave it to me; it’s from a hospital record. Said I could use it to find the Iron Man. It’s because of this information that Iron Man decided to close our loop.”
Bucky whispered.
got The Captain moving faster. "Oh, and Captain?" He spun around to face Tony again. "Happy Hogan was innocent and a good man; he's worth at least ten of your Commandos on their best day. If he dies today because of you, I won't hesitate to return the favor." From the look on The Captain's face, Tony knew he understood.
“Close your eyes.”
Tony glared at the jumbled mess that lay in front of him. What had started as a new design had steadily cascaded into nothing more than angry lines and drunken doodles. He sighed, crumpling the paper into a tight ball, not even looking as he tossed it towards the trash can. Tony heard the paper hit the floor, but he didn’t look up. It’s not like there was any room in the trashcan anyway, as it was already overflowed with failed ideas.
The pair were snuggled together, looking up at the sky, while their sticky marshmallowed hands intertwined under the thick blanket covering them. The whiskey bottle sat between them, but Steve found himself enjoying the taste off Tony’s mouth, rather than straight from the bottle.
He was running low.
Tony pulled back, but left his forehead pushed against Steve’s. “I’m still with you. Can’t get rid of me that easy. I’m like a really sexy fungus.”
“Because they were there with something better,” Hill concluded, gesturing back over to the bloody mess of a wall.
Since this is a work in progress, I will probably be editing the tags, most likely adding warnings and characters as I go along, so be aware!
“What?”
It was about a few weeks later when he heard a small chirp. He had taken to keeping his smuggled phone on his bedside table, despite the red flags surrounding the contraband. He knew he shouldn’t keep it in plain sight, regardless of how incompetent his FBI handler was, but he couldn’t seem to put it down. It became a part of him, a lifebuoy that got him through each passing day.
Steve’s head snapped up.
Bucky huffed, but loyally stomped out of the office with one final glare at Stark.
Barnes dropped the platter on the table besides Steve. “How’s it look?” he asked Tony.
Tony grinned. “A woman after my own heart.”
If everything worked as planned, The Monger should be able to come up with a location. And then? It would be time for their next move.
Barton glared at him. “That’s it.”
“Don’t be silly,” Tony smiled in return. “You have nothing to worry about, darling. Not as long as Natasha is still on this Earth.”
Steve laughed brightly, lips descending on Tony’s once again. “What you do to me,” he whispered.
Clint grinned. Every moment that he got to spend with Phil was a treasure, but it was never enough. To be able to talk to him every day again – to get to talk with
“No, Obie. Stop pushing this.” Tony sat glaring at his business partner from behind his desk. His head was pounding, his body flip flopping between exhaustion and hunger. These past two weeks had been nothing but hell; the last thing Tony wanted to deal with was Obie.
“Why couldn’t Barnes be as well behaved as you,” Tony huffed, placing a now empty mug on his coffee table and following Sam to the door.
He sighed, pushing his plate away.
“Look what happened! He spent years drilling me, ‘
Steve discreetly stepped on Tony’s foot. “Behave,” he whispered.
“Where are we going?”
“Or,” Fury continued. “Worst case scenario, he leaves everything as is, but whenever HYDRA is mentioned, he cuts some names, and pastes yours instead. With all of the shit that HYDRA has put this city through, it would be more than enough for the boys in blue to look the other way and shoot on sight. Forget the luxury of prison.”
Thor nodded gravely, eyes shooting back to the incoming sirens. “I shall take him,” he said, already pulling away the squirming Captain. “I will call as soon as we’re safe.”
Tony was right.
“You look like shit,” Steve ground out, breaking off into a few pathetic coughs.
“No, you just wanted attention,” Pierce snapped.
“Yeah, but is he guilty?”
again and again, blasting as if it were an air raid siren. How many people had liked him better after the serum? How many people thought that he was worth it now, or that he was useful? It had first been addicting to Steve after Rebirth, getting stares and admiration, getting chances and opportunities to do the things he couldn’t even dream about before. It hadn’t lasted long. Each stare was a reminder that he wasn’t worth looking at before, each opportunity a notice that he wasn’t enough before. With each passing day, it became clear that people only saw him – and only wanted him – for what he was now. And that was all he’d ever be wanted for. He’d sit and stare at his reflection nightly, cursing himself that his dream had become his nightmare.
Steve nodded. “And I’m eternally grateful for that, Sir.”
Steve smiled. “If you behave, I might give you a treat.”
“What happened last time?” Steve turned at the question, watching Bruce patter into the kitchen with a book tucked under his arm. He made his way over to the fridge, only stopping to pluck Tony’s mug out of his hand and down the rest of the beverage, ignoring Tony’s squawk.
Where was Clint now? Had be been arrested? Had be been shot? Phil's heart clenched at the thought of Clint bleeding out on the ground, still crying for Phil.
Maybe it was because Steve never tried to fix them, never tried to pretend that the problems weren’t there. Steve was never like that. He just accepted it. He showed them that it was okay to be broken; that they could be broken together. Sure there were still lies and secrets, but Bucky knew they were for different reasons now. No one was looking out for their own back; it was always to keep the others safe, always to protect them.
"What the hell would they be after?" asked Tony, crossing his arms defensively.
Steve rolled his eyes, nodding for Bucky to hop on. The two took off towards the club.
They were worth listening to Mrs. Barkley’s griping, smelling Mr. Well’s spoiled meals, watching Emily growing up knowing she’d never be hers. Natasha thought of the other shaving kit, most likely still laying in James’s bathroom at the speakeasy.
Three men tore him away from his home, and into a car. After a short drive, Steve found himself in an abandoned building. The three men zip tied his hands, and threw a sack over his head. They started to attach the gold to his back, and he heard the time machine whir to life.
“You sure?”
“No.”
“Loki?” asked Tony, voice a little hoarse.
Bucky looked over and saw Tony frown into the phone. “Is he sure? It’s not that I don’t trust them, it’s just that I know how important these are to Steve.”
“But we had sex last night.”
“Cap!”
Rogers grabbed him by his shirt, pulling him from his thoughts. “I didn’t do anything!”
“Steve, please. It hurts.”
Tony cocked his head to the side. “You didn’t think I’d come back?”
“Me?”
Tony sighed in relief as Bruce burst through the door, already snapping orders at the men. He watched as both Barnes and Steve were torn away from their sopping wet clothes, towels already running over their damp skin. Wilson was laying out thick blankets while Bruce knelt over Steve, checking the man for other injuries. Tony stepped forward, wanting to help,
Tony shot the other man a questioning glance. “What are you saying?”
He had another nightmare, another panic attack. Time to deal with it the only way he knew how.
Tony rolled his eyes, before staring back at the screen. "Alright. Time to find out who you are, dear Cap- " Tony found himself breaking off when he spotted something else on the cameras.
Phil’s heart throbbed painfully at the thought of how he felt as he saw Clint’s phone on the ground, flames shining against the darkened screen.
He looked around his room, trying to gather his bearings. Bare and cold. As usual.
From what Yinsen had filled him in on, the pair was currently being held by one of New York’s most gruesome gangs. He had gathered more than enough intel over the years, and none of it was good. They were the type of people that would give HYDRA a run for their money. Tony found himself wondering if it would have been better to have been kidnapped from HYDRA. Because wasn’t that the kicker.
“Sam, I can’t ask you to- ”
his mother had told him.
“I was handling it just fine,” Steve retorted, loading in the new bullets. “Maybe you came back because you knew it was your fault. Guilt’s a bitch, isn’t it?”
“Jesus, Steve, let go, you’re hurting me! What the fuck is your problem?”
Tony wanted to argue, but he didn't, just nodding himself. There were another answer as to who could have played the bomb-starter - one that seemed to have a knack for eplosions - but Tony kept it to himself. It wasn't as if Rhodey hadn't thought the same thing. But he was right, that was a problem for a different day. He was home, out of that hell-hole, and was
Everything else started to slip away, Steve only grounded by the two men under him. They moved as one, each one an extension of the other two. They were all that mattered, and there was nothing else.
“He needs the push,” argued Bucky. “He wants to help, he’s just letting himself get too conflicted. He’s terrified about what could happen to Steve, and I know he won’t be able to deal with the guilt if anything happened to him. He’ll come back.”
doll.”
“Who?”
Hill took out a small notebook. “You are Anthony Stark, correct?”
"Face it, Loki," Pierce finished. "You have no worth anymore. You're being convicted, which will lead to your deportation and incarceration in your home country. You'll never take a single step on American soil ever again. You're
Tony watched him and his lifeline go, leaving him to suffer in silence. Was this really it? He’d pictured himself dying alone, lying in a pile of sweat many times, but usually it was with more hookers and booze. It didn’t seem to bother him before, but now? People depended on him, his family did.
A bright screen flashed in front of him, showing Tony pull out from behind a building, and continue off through Brooklyn. "I remember this," Tony mumbled to himself. "The building I came out of wasn't that much farther back." Tony studied the clips before an idea hit him. "J, can you rewind a couple hours? When we first got there?"
“Phil’s in there!”
“Is this what you call accountability?” She pushed a picture into his unwilling hand. Tony gave it a cursory glance, eyeing the dead bodies littered with his weapons that looked back up at him.
When Tony told Steve he loved him for the first time.
Steve was sure that nothing could surprise him at this point.
Steve pulled out a small knife, tailing it up Hammer’s arm. “Time’s ticking, Hammer.”
In front of them, looking nothing more than like a horrific Jackson Pollock, was a wall splattered with blood, the deep red staining the paint.
“Here me out,” said Tony, ignoring Steve. “There’s a new drug on the Vegas strip, and the fuzz is clueless as to how to catch the distributor. Only way is from the inside, infiltrating the strip show that’s used as a front for it’s dealing. They would ask, ‘who could do such a thing?’ And Fury would say, ‘I know just the guy. There’s only one set of washboard abs for the job!’”
“There was another explosion. At base. The rest of the team is there. I need another suit, and you need a jet. We need to get to them.” Tony led Clint to another emergency exit, picking up the pace.
A silence descended over the pair before Tony finally asked. “When will we be at Nat’s?”
and there’s still no sign of him. No proof, no demands, no….. no body,” Steve cringed on the last word. “I don’t know what to do. You two are my last options; Tony never shut up about you two; I know you love him, just as he loves you. And I know that you’ll do anything to get him back in one piece.”
“You’re going to pull out your stitches,” chided Pepper.
But that was how it always was.
Steve’s hand trembled as he pointed at the other man. “How…,” he faltered, shaking his head. “You’re not here. You’re not real. I killed you.”
“Different?”
“A report was made; it’s just waiting to be approved. Won't be long now before the media hears about it.” Ward opened the file, showing Pierce an almost bare slip of paper, scantly describing Stark’s disappearance. He was almost about to send Ward away when something caught his eye.
“You got it. And, uh, here’s an idea. Next time you plan on visiting, try the front door, yeah?”
Barnes nodded. “We’ve still got a few guys downstairs. They might tell us something.”
Bucky shook his head. “There weren’t any open points of contact anywhere in the speakeasy.”
Sam paused, staring down at the coffee machine before pulling out another mug and pouring a second cup. He offered it over to Stark, the man smiling gratefully in return before gulping the liquid down. A much better interaction than the last time Sam had given him caffeine, remembering the cool muzzle of a gun against his throat, the weapon remaining steady, even as Stark threw his head back to finish the drink.
Clint had been so lost in his head that he didn’t even notice what was going on around him.
The fact that he had hurt people, probably killed people. People who had families, who had lives. All ruined because of his temper. He was a beast, a mindless killing machine. Tearing lives apart ever since that fateful lab error. Bruce carried those ghosts along with him. They would always be there, weighing him down until he died.
Steve lay gasping for air as Tony approached him again. “You’re lucky that wasn’t set to full power. Now I’m going to ask you one last time. Who are you, and where did you get these numbers?”
He flew around the corner to see Steve struggling with five armed guards. "Stop!" he cried out, racing towards the crowd.
Phil ignored the inquiry. “How long have I been here?”
Tony smiled softly. "Thanks, buddy."
“Well, someone did,” Stark retorted, pointing back to the screen.  “He needs to go.”
“I’ll do it.”
“You’re not helping,” Steve frowned. “People come here for vacation all the time, so it could be a lot worse, right? I mean, people would kill to live in a neighborhood like this.” The blonde was giving him a hopeful look, something that just screamed ‘
“Jealous?” asked Tony with a raised eyebrow, glancing down to where The Captain was still holding his arm. The Captain blushed furiously, dropping Tony’s arm as if it were fire, and taking a few steps back.
Tony shook his head, aiming to respond when, “Tony?” Steve’s voiced carried from down the hall, much closer this time. “Tony, where the hell are you?”
"What I did?" Loki sneered. "I hate to be the bearer of bad news, Stane, but Pierce is the one who bombed out your little operation down in the sewers."
“Waiting for me to choose what?” Steve asked.
The Captain didn’t budge. “I know you have files compiled on every big time mob in New York. That makes you the expert here, so I’m gonna ask again. What do you think?”
“Here?”
“Steve, while any other day, I would be drooling over the fact that you’d want to do a science experiment, but he’s our son. We are not encouraging this,” Tony snapped.
The Captain narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean?”
“Fuck,” Tony moaned, rubbing a hand over his face. “You’re playing with fire here, Phil. This better not blow up in our faces.”
“Pot, meet kettle,” answered Steve, shooting him an unimpressed look.
“No, those doctors saved his life. I just sat by and watched him bleed out on the table.” Steve huffed out a hollow laugh. “What good is Captain America if he can’t even protect his own husband?”
“I agree. I’ll have agents start analyzing whatever of the bomb is left. We’ll catch the bastard,” said Hill, already walking away.
Steve sighed, looking at Tony for help. Once he was met with another glare, Steve groaned. “What?”
“Take Bucky with you. I don’t want you out by yourself.”
But then Phil was pulling away. Clint tried to protest, but Phil ignored him, looking back up the street.
"Humble as always, Sir."
Clint huffed, swirling the cup of alcohol in his own hand. “I didn’t say it was for celebration.”
“Unfortunately, yes.”
“Sir?”
Was Tony really willing to lay down on the wire for these people?
Tony didn’t want to be right.
“Yeah. What are you thinking?”
“Sure you did,” Steve started. “It’s a good thing his attention was on me.”
“Not fuckin’ fast enough,” Bucky sighed. “I never thought I’d ask this, but do you think you can put me back on ice until we get home? I might not make it.”
“I lost them all,” Steve moaned. “The SSR, your family. I lost Peggy. I almost lost you and Bucky already. Phil’s gone, half our crew left, Clint’s not all here anymore.
was left unspoken.
Tony turned to run back to his car when he found himself flung down to the pavement. Searing pain coursed through his body as Tony looked up at his attacker. James Barnes looked down at him, a malicious grin donning his face. “I gotta hand it to you, Stark. You’re a wily one,” he sneered as he pulled out his gun.
“When was the last time you slept?”
“How was he?” Steve’s voice was harsh from disuse. Then again, it had been a long time since he’d stopped asking questions, just relying on his fists to do the talking.
Loki uttered a hollow laugh, showing off a viscous smile. “Watch your tone, Captain. I don’t work for you, so I don’t
“Steve’s desperate,” Clint responded. “I’m sure he’d take anything that would get him HYDRA.”
Barnes reached forward and grabbed Tony’s arm, squeezing over his stitches. Tony tried to remain unfazed, but even he couldn’t help the flinch he gave as he was grabbed roughly. “Listen to me very closely. The only reason you are still breathing is because Cap still wants to milk you a bit more before he leaves you dried up and broken in the streets. And when that day comes? When The Captain finally realizes how useless you are? You can be damn sure that I’ll be the one behind the rifle pulling the trigger. It would be quite a site to watch
“But at what cost?” Steve snapped back. “We can’t just hope to have more guns than them. I won’t do that to them, Thor. They may be soldiers, but I’m not about to send them to the front lines of Omaha Beach.”
Tony snorted, looking out of his office window. "Told you."
A small ding came from the elevator, and the two men stepped on in. “And what about Clint? I thought I saw that- ”
Steve finally pulled back, taking deep breaths to stop the few tears that threatened to slip down his cheek. “It’s good to see you, Shellhead,” Steve chuckled. Tony couldn’t help but drop his head into Steve’s chest, giggles sneaking out of his lips.
All he had to do was ask, and Steve would be done for.
Granted, Natasha doesn’t tend to make conversation either, but if she’s in one of the communal rooms in StarkTower then Clint will tend to be there too.
'I am wherever sir is, Captain,' Jarvis replies. 'My ability to track and respond to him is not at the level we enjoy within his homes or within the suits, but it is sufficient.'
'Tony!' Steve is holding Tony's shoulders now and somehow managing not to shake him.
'Eventually,' Tony smirks. 'Why? You have intentions for my bed, Cap?'
(See the end of the chapter for
'Dada?' his son's voice pulls his attention from rechecking his deployment design for the induction chargers.
'Ah,' Clint had looked strange, 'I didn't mean we should actually... oh, god, please don't cry! I have them right here!'
‘How long will it take before you can put it in?’ Steve asks as Tony sits in the co-pilot seat with the new reactor and some fine-detail tools.
'Shall we do this in person?' Bruce suggests. 'Where are you?'
Steve wonders if Jarvis lied to him yesterday.
Waking up is an understatement for what Tony does.
'Dada!' Pete's grip on his pants tightens briefly before he scrambles over to the suitcases. 'I want to go with Dada...'
'It's alright,' Pepper tells him as he takes a gulp of his drink. 'He hasn't left; you can still work this out.'
Tony takes his time in the shower, rather hoping Reed will answer the phone and fix this without him having to become a true expert in yet another branch of science.
'Jarvis?'
*          *          *
Maybe he'll go for a quick run around the grounds...
'Yes, I know about that. What do you want me to have packed and sent after you?'
Tony pets his son's hair and turns to make for the door before stopping again when Pete lets out another wail,
'Please,' Tony scoffs but doesn't respond further.
'I've got a software patch for you,' Tony confirms. 'And a new phone.'
'I'm so proud,' Tony pats his abs as he walks past.
'Sorry...' Steve mutters and presses a hand to his face.
'Milk,' Pete tells him. 'Jarvis says it's good for my teeth and bones.'
'Perfect,' Tony claps his hands together. 'Few hours until then, but we still need to get out of here.'
'Cap,' Natasha scowls at him, 'I don't know what was going through Tony's head, but I can tell you this much; there is no way he thinks he'll be a better father than you. Whatever he was planning, he thought it would keep you around and that it was best for you and the boys.'
So he carries lots of heavy things and meets Dummy, You and Butterfingers and hopes that Pepper doesn’t realise just how shatteringly lonely he is.
Tony presses a kiss to his lips,
Steve tries not to let his gazes drop first on the strip of skin revealed when Tony's top rides up and then to his arse. He isn't very successful.
She just looks at him.
'He thought you were leaving without him,' he scolds.
'My... Jim,' Steve stutters.
'I don't think so, baby,' he closes his eyes.
'But... who will make breakfast?' Pete asks quietly. 'And coffee?'
‘Alright, this time you really get the credit,’ Tony wraps an arm around her waist and takes a sip of the martini.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Thought you and Dad were pals.'
Tony just shakes his head and doesn't meet Steve's gaze,
‘If Hulk hears you scream he might actually pummel Rogers through the floor,’ Natasha points out helpfully, barely sounding out of breath.
'Call Reed,' she tells him.
'That is an impressive pout,' Clint ruffles his hair.
Jesus Christ...
‘You knew my father,’ Tony ignores Steve’s question completely.
'Don't you?'
'That's adorable and I love that you haven't realised that Jarvis is smart enough to know better and is messing with you.'
'I don't drive like a maniac,' Steve retorts.
'Intergalactic facebook stalking,' Tony nods and grins at Thor's confused smile. 'It's all good. Thor, this is an old friend of mine, James Rhodes. Rhodey, meet the god of thunder.'
Steve dares himself to let his hands drop to Tony's arse and doesn't regret the decision.
‘Come on, Big Guy,’ Tony calls without turning around.
'I have had one installed in your new Audi, sir.'
'Pictures,' he thinks back; when was the first time he even left Stark Manor? When would he have seen his first animal?
'Will Cap come today?' Pete sounds so fucking hopeful.
'It's also why he recognised me, you see?' Tony continues. 'They had someone who looked like me, or was wearing one of those masks to be me, and they had him exist in the way Howard did for me back then.'
'Tony?' he calls out quietly.
'You can always come and find me if you want to,' he flashes a smile at his son.
'I do not believe so, sir.'
'Whatever you say,' Steve sighs
'I know how long this will take,' Tony keeps working. 'And to finish off I will have to use some of that last minute.'
'Not sure I can make this with only one arm,' he teases as Tony practically nuzzles his bicep.
'Of course, sir,' Jarvis agrees.
‘Sir, the arc reactor is now ready for insertion,’ Jarvis informs them.
'It would be a pretty massive coincidence otherwise,' Tony doesn't sound convinced but gestures towards the generator. 'I finished making that this morning. Or two days ago. Whatever.'
'Dada?' Pete asks after a moment.
Tony scowls at him,
'Approximately two months,' Jarvis tells him. 'Doctor Banner will have a better idea of when it will be best to open the incubator closer to the time.'
'I know that look, Tony!' she calls him out. 'What are you planning?'
Ok, his three year old is apparently going to be receiving sword fighting lessons from a Norse god.
'Yes, Captain?' the AI replies promptly.
'And leave your son with someone?' Pepper does that thing where she's reminding him that neither of them are stupid. 'Or take him with you?'
Oh, that smells like coffee...
'Sure you are,' Steve catches his elbow as he sways too far to his left.
'Great,' Tony agrees. 'Ok, bud, we need to get back upstairs so we can have dinner.'
'Steve, you are a national icon and you have no idea how much it turns me on that I've dragged you down to my level.'
'I rub you through your suit. I can feel how hard you are even with the gauntlets on.'
‘Cap, you’re early,’ Tony tells him and waves him over.
‘Well, it’s good to be back. Even if you failed to protect my stuff from our housemates.’
Steve nodded and began moving through the building to the small office his pack had taken over. “Is there anything else you might need? You can borrow my bedroll if you need to.”
“Now Carson, play nice,” came a warm tenor voice from the other sofa. There, Steve discovered, sat Peter Pears and Benjamin Britten, the famous British duo. Peter was an extremely talented tenor, sometimes called the voice of the generation, while Benjamin was one of the great living composers. Even Bucky felt his knees go weak at the sight of them. “Don’t scare the kids away yet. They are quite easy on the eyes.” Peter laughed as Benjamin lightly pinched his side. “What! They are. Both of them.”
On the bright side, he did not have to worry about how long things were going to take to get to Steve in terms of gifts. The chalk pastels he’d ordered for himself and Steve had arrived. Trying to capture Steve in colour led to some amusing debates of ‘Just how blue were Steve’s eyes?’ in some forums. And debates about just how correct was the colour in the Captain America posters. Tony had a few nights in between build projects where he went over the early letters and smiled. He would have to make up a cute nickname for Steve about his eyes.
Hill just smiled sweetly. “Get ready. We’ll head in in a few minutes.”
Checking to make sure that all the blood on his hands had dried, Tony delicately picked up the sketches, idly sifting through them. He silently preened when he stumbled on his own sketch, the brunette making sure to put that one on the top of the pile. Maybe he did mean something to The Captain if he'd made the infamous wall of memories. Tony had seen the sketches many times, but this was the first time he could sit and sift through each one. He couldn't let Cap think that he was getting attached.
It was a great deal of faith that Steve was giving them. His last secrets on display.
Steve watched as he collapsed to the ground, unconscious, before hearing the familiar sound of Sam sheathing his wings back in their home.
Steve tried to pull away when another blast knocked the men back off their feet. Steve was drifting again, the pain in his head too much. He couldn’t see anything but fire. There was no base, there was only fire. Someone was screaming again, and Steve wanted nothing more than to tell them to stop, that they needed to
“Do you think he’s dead?”
The attacker smiled, getting ready to pounce shed came flying out of the air, hitting the man square in the chest, taking him down easily. Before Tony could get his bearings, a muscular blonde man came running in front of him, picking up the shield.
Justin shrugged. “Who knows, but he’ll probably move fast. He’s already got the name Joseph Grant, so he’s probably already searching for him.”
"Probably live a less complicated life." The timer went off, and Steve cancelled it, moving to the oven to remove the pan. "They good?" He gestured to the potatoes.
"Please?"
but it was nice to get a confirmation).
"I know, that's what we're taking."
Rhodey snorted, hiding his lips from the rest of the establishment behind the menu. "If only she knew you take it up the butt."
And Tony drank him in like a parched man chugging water after days without, reeling in the feeling of Steve: his tongue, his lips, his cock thrusting in and out of him, pressing against that spot within him that forced stars to shoot across his vision
She sighs, glancing at Tony again, but she strides over and sits in one of the other vacant chairs. Coulson and Fury return to theirs.
"Really?" Steve glanced around them. "Huh."
"I-I think I can read it," Tony gasped out, his head jerking up and down with the force of Steve fucking into him. "Please,
Once they pulled away and the noise abated, Tony's head fell back against the head-rest, letting his walls drop for only a moment. He had tried, and mostly succeeded he thought, in looking completely unaffected by the tirade of questions thrown at him. The truth, however, was that it bothered him more than he would ever admit. They were
"Precisely." Taking a deep breath, Fury sat back. "This is the part that gets confusing, if you can believe it. And the part I was dreading. As soon as I found out about you," he glanced at Howard, "I knew. This won't be easy to accept."
"Definitely. And I think he's happy to have his friend back. You're a connection to his past. And he's one to yours." Sliding off the work bench, Tony moved to stand next to Howard, bumping his shoulder, and mocked a tap dance, slapping his feet against the floor.
"And dressed me?"
"You can come out now."
"Steve, I can't change what happened to Tony. I
should know that him getting some form of closure is what's best for him!"
"As I said, Captain Rogers, I am loyal to my creator."
"Steve!" Tony whined, "I do, oh fuck, right there! I fucking love it!"
"Let them eat cake!" Tony laughed, tugging Steve's hand.
Tony threw the napkin on the tray of the nearest Candy Girl, "Does he now?"
Together with dark boots, his hair gelled into a mussed but stylish form, and a spritz of his favorite Jean Paul Gaultier cologne, Tony was ready. Or as ready as he could be, with his heart pounding and his palms cold with sweat.
Rhodey laughed and it felt good. "I knew what I was getting into when I signed up to be the best friend of a fourteen year old genius."
"What does it say, Mr. Stark?"
Tony's body heaved, his back arching and his head coming up, "Right there! Oh God, right there!" He let his shoulder hit the ground, reaching up to try and tug at his own cock.
Tony's head fell back, his eyes closing as he let out a low moan that sent a jolt of arousal through Steve's body. They rocked, frotting against one another, building in speed and intensity. It was so hard to stop, to cease the friction that was bringing them so close, despite it being through their jeans. It felt so good to have Steve pressed along his body, covering him. And Tony gripped tighter, letting his legs fall to the side to give Steve better access. His breath was coming in pants, his body tight with the impending orgasm, but Steve had more self-control than anyone gave him credit for.
The Captain’s eyes immediately hardened, walking over to Tony, grabbing the man’s arm with a tenderness that Tony didn’t think him capable of. “How are you feeling? Should I get Bruce?”
You know what? Maybe he did deserve to be happy.
And that’s when he saw it, sitting innocently on Clint’s pillow.
Clint rolled his eyes. “What year do you think this is?”
“And what is that?”
Fury circled the location on the map. “Hill was last seen heading here. He has to be there. Suit up, we’re heading out.”
"So it seems." The Captain's eyes looked almost black in the dim lighting of the dank room, his large body strung tight with tension. "What are you going to do now?"
“So when you said you got immunity…”
But no, it was the situation that really irked Barnes. The need for control out of his reach, and no nervous pacing was going to bring him any closer. Tony had noticed him act like this more frequently, jumping between statuesque and twitchy quicker than he could blink his eye. The strain of this war with HYDRA had taken its toll on everyone, but it seemed almost surreal seeing Barnes struggle this way.
'Pretend I didn't say that.'
'I want to go with Dada,' Pete repeats with pout.
'Come here,' Steve laughs as he sits on the bed by Tony's feet. Pete abandons his father in favour of Captain America.
'I'm going to be a dad,' he can't repress his smile.
'Hey!' Steve scoops him into a proper hug. 'How are you?'
Steve returns to his batter and Tony follows him so he's next to the coffee machine,
'Like mine?'
‘It’s only a new day once you’ve slept,’ Tony replies immediately.
'God you're persistent, this is like Pepper trying to get me to a board meeting all over again...'
'Great, thanks Jay,' Tony claps his hands together and moves to the table. 'Come on, squirt,' he helps Pete into his chair as Steve fetches the pizza boxes.
'Why?' he drops his head into his hands.
'Isn't much to tell,' Clint shrugs as he sprawls in his chair. 'Tony got a tip that there was an AIM base, we went, he hacked, we conquered.'
'Good morning, blondie,' Tony answers.
‘What are you watching?’ Tony glances back to his tablet and starts flicking things around on the screen.
His grip on Steve's shoulder would probably be bothering anyone else; he can see his knuckles are white where his fingers are pressing hard into flesh.
‘What can I do?’ Steve demands.
Tony manages not to roll his eyes.
'Yes, ma'am,' Steve fights the urge to salute.
He grabs open the door and grins at the little boy,
'Alright,' Tony knows he's grinning, '100% bonuses all round and put meals out on your expenses for your whole teams,' the people who haven't worked with him before are now stuttering. 'Jay! Press conference time!'
'What?'
'The tower.'
There’s several minutes pause before Jarvis speaks again. Steve tried not to gnaw through his lip.
'Sure,' Tony feigns disinterest.
Tony glances up at his tone and blinks sleepily,
Tony doesn't even flinch.
friend).
'For what?'
'Why?' Bruce asks innocently and then looks surprised at himself. 'Sorry, Steve, of course you don't have to do anything you don't feel comfortable with.'
'Have you two been introduced?' Tony waves a hand vaguely. 'Pete, the voice without a face is Jarvis; he's my best friend and he looks after us, ok?'
'Slacker...' he watches the coffee start to run through.
'Only by a day,' Pepper turns back to her tablet.
'Tell us about the Gala.'
‘Why did we not know about that?’ Clint complains as the large TV completely obscures the one mounted on the wall that they had been using.
What have I done for my life to be this?
'I think you are the only one that loves me.'
She shrugs and they sit in silence for a moment,
Tony tugs Steve into a quick hug so he can't see the expression Tony's now making; it was two days ago that he first pushed a finger up Steve's arse, which means for this Steve it's never happened.
'Cap's a morning person,' Tony tells her, as if that explains everything. 'I'd generally find that offensive but he feeds my kid breakfast so I let it slide.'
Now or never.
Hugging a metal suit isn't comfortable, but Steve can't even think of loosening his grip.
It’s Loki who decides it would be fun to wipe Tony’s memory. Steve thinks this must be some form of payback for his staff not working the first time they fought.
It'll be fine; Tony won't care.
'How would Tony cope without you?' Steve laughs but it's weak.
'To make me relax,' Tony grins against his shoulder. 'Don't act all innocent now.'
'Are Cap and Clint not coming?' Pete causes Tony to falter in his walk to the door.
'I'll see if any of the others want to come,' he adds, strangely desperate to continue the conversation.
'Hello boys,' Tony grins, 'Dada's home. This is Pete, you saw him yesterday but he was sleeping then, you'll all play nice now, won't you. Pete,' he gestures to the bots, 'this is Dummy and You; they're robots.'
*          *          *
'Alright,' Pepper agrees.
'The gopher fixed things?' Tony scowls. 'Ok, maybe this won't help.'
'And that gets you hard?' Tony grins. 'Must be awkward.'
'Agent Romanov is attempting to contact you.'
(See the end of the chapter for
'I could look after Pete for a few hours, if you wanted to go back to sleep?' Steve offers.
So it's pretty clear that he's going to forgive Tony sooner rather than later.
Ok, so he feels like he just ripped out his arc reactor by rejecting Captain America.
'I need to be fitted for some new suits,' Tony tells him.
'That's not the point,' Tony objects.
'No,' she crosses her legs and leans back. 'Captain...'
'Right,' Tony rubs his hands together and gets up. 'I should probably go to bed now then. You may not have heard, but I have a hot date with two gorgeous young men tomorrow morning.' Steve laughs. 'Goodnight, Captain.'
'Pretend I didn't just say that?'
Steve shakes his head helplessly,
'No, when I tell Steve.'
'Sure you are,' he pulls the sheet over his head.
'How are you both that covered in grease?'
Steve makes more of an effort to spend time with Clint and Natasha, whether that means sparring or watching their questionable choices of television entertainment. Bruce joins them occasionally and Steve tries to make sure he always knows he’s welcome when he does.
'No,' Bruce agrees with a smile.
'I'm afraid I have no idea,' Steve smiles at him.
'What about coffee?' comes a voice from the door.
'Is that an alternative suggestion? I'm not naming my son 'Bucky',' Tony's smile looks more honest.
He's spent enough time on his own now, though, so he makes himself get the lift to the communal floor.
He presses his finger in firmly with the lube easing the way. Steve emits a choked whine and starts panting against Tony's neck.
Tony kisses him.
He takes a deep breath,
'You don't trust me to'
'I have time,' Tony disagrees. 'Pete, gather up your toys; we're moving house.'
Showers are great for having the excuse to rub your hands everywhere. Also, because he's rubbing soap all over Steve, Steve is reciprocating.
‘Besides, you can type coding,’ he learnt this term the other week and hopes he’s using it correctly, ‘on your tablet downstairs.’
'No?' he sighs. 'But Jim will be living with Tony, won't he?'
appreciate him,’ Tony huffs and sips at his drink. ‘And Capsicle! I honestly didn’t expect you to turn up,’ he tips his head back against the armrest to look up at Steve on the next sofa over.
'Yeah,' Tony glances over his shoulder to where his son is waiting for food.
'Hey, baby.... Shush it's alright.'
'Hush, all is well,' Thor runs a hand across his head. Thor has a nice voice.
'Steve, where's Pete?'
'I love you...' Steve whispers because he refuses to have only told Tony that once.
'I love you,' he tells Pepper.
'God, you really are horny all the time!' Tony exclaims with a grin and walks over.
'I mean... because I can see Pete is cute.'
‘Theoretically you could.’
'Hi Cap,' he jolts again as Pete crawls up from the end of the bed in his Iron Man onesie dragging his blankie.
Steve really doesn’t know what to do with this information.
‘Oh,’ Tony says, demonstrating every single one of his IQ points.
'Nice line; they'll know that came from you,' Pepper reads back over what she's written and offers it to Tony who waves her away.
‘Sir is in his workshop,’ the AI reports finally.
Tony barely manages to crack a smile at his friend's misfortune.
That could have gone better.
'You've sorted things out between you?'
'Yes,' Pepper points at him, 'he lost everyone he knew and now you're going to keep his son from him.'
'I was only just in the other room?'
He nods again and hugs it when Steve hands it over.
'I'm not doing this with just saliva,' Tony presses a kiss to his nose.
'Jarvis, is Tony ready for his meeting?'
He closes the sketch pad,
'Oh,' Steve looks confused and then gives him a wonky smile. 'Ok, I'll see you later then?'
'Steve's there at this time in the morning? Did you sleep with him?' Pepper's eyes have widened.
'The tower?' Tony dismisses his panic and stretches against his side. 'I need a drink.'
'Hah!' Tony turns around looking triumphant. 'And you thought I couldn't cook.'
‘Do you need Hulk back?’ Tony asks absently as he watches the right arm of his suit reassemble around him.
Oh, thinks Steve, is that what’s happening?
Tony's voice is stuck in his throat.
Pete curls against his father and presses his face against the glow of the arc reactor.
It's five to seven in the morning when Steve arrives in the communal kitchen freshly showered after his run.
'Sir is working,' Jarvis replies simply. 'Do you wish for me to interrupt him?'
‘I’ve made a decision,’ Tony moves to the coffee machine and selects one of his presets. He leans against the counter as the beans are ground, ‘I’ll tell you when Pep and Rhodey are on.’
'Come on, so you did more work for Reed; he owes you another favour. It's not that bad, right?'
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Unless you have the previously undisclosed power of magic healing hugs,’ Tony snarks at him, ‘this isn’t helpful.’
Tony is rigid in his arms but just as he's about to let go he feels arms slip around his waist and Tony melts against him.
'That the second child is mine and the other parent isn't known.'
*          *          *
Steve is professional enough that when he's fighting with the Avengers he doesn't look up to watch Tony fly overhead. That doesn't mean he doesn't know where the man is.
He can't quite decide if he's forgiven the other man or not; on the one hand it would be so easy to just let it go and to fall into this little routine they seem to be setting up, but on the other hand... On the other hand Tony was apparently willing to lie to him about the existence of his son.
'Were you polite?'
‘Yes, sir,’ Jarvis responds.
'He must be...' he rakes his fingers through his hair in desperation as he searches desperately between the other shoppers.
'Can't move it,' Tony replies. 'Half an hour on the clock. I'll disarm it but you guys need to get to a safe distance, this thing packs a punch.'
Once things have calmed down, which only happens once Fury agrees to take Clint and Natasha to see their handler, Steve leaves to follow Tony.
'We good?' Tony asks.
‘I can’t find the start screen that I recognise,’ he informs him as Tony eyes the phone.
'It's ok, right Jarvis?' Pete's pleading eyes will be their downfall.
'Tony...'
'Want to?' Steve chokes out. 'You think I don't want to...'
Steve notices that his friend has basically curled into his arms, despite his words,
'I'm sorry to interrupt,' Pepper is not sorry. 'Tony, something's come up.'
'Tower defence games again?' she asks as Jarvis puts her through.
'Yes, we had crazy monkey sex,' Tony tells her.
'I want to go with Dada,' Pete objects from where he's sat at a desk colouring with Steve.
'What's this?'
After a while Tony's monologue tails off into the occasional comment to Jarvis so he decides to slip away.
'David Clarke?' he demands as Jarvis scans the room.
'Really, I appreciate the concern, but you can't just push me at SHIELD agents and expect me to sleep with them.'
‘If we get called out again I don’t want to have to use the suitcase suit,’ Tony replies.
Fuck, that's encouraging.
'Sir?' Jarvis sounds alarmed.
'Ok,' he pulls his gaze away from Rhodes, 'where did you last see it?'
Steve laughs,
'Oh, no,' he disagrees before thinking that he could just let it slide, 'it's not that.'
Tony realises he has one hand pressed to his arc reactor and his other arm is hugged around his waist.
'Sir is well,' Jarvis confirms. 'He is bickering with Colonel Rhodes in the workshop whilst Peter is drawing with You.'
There’s a truly awkward silence as the coffee machine hisses and the present Avengers, minus Tony, all stare at each other. Tony downs the first mug of coffee, after splashing cold water in it, and cradles the second as he moves back across the room.
*          *          *
'What?' he stares back.
'Of course,' she smiles warmly at him. 'You want to know how Alvin fixed it?'
Wow, I've been away a long time! Sorry!
'Steve, you like Tony,' she tells him straightforwardly. 'I know you told him so and I know that he turned you down.'
'Of course, friend Tony, it would be our honour.'
'Get that for me?' Tony asks, waving vaguely at the lift doors as they open. 'It's all stuff for Pete.'
'How do you want this, babycakes?' Tony peppers his face with kisses.
'You're so warm,' he reports as he presses his face against Steve's skin.
Tony can't argue with that.
'No, just a couple of bikes I think.'
'Wonderful idea, sir,' Jarvis replies dryly.
'Bruce and Jarvis.'
Tony looks briefly conflicted before a smile washes over his face,
'Glad I get a mention...' Clint grumbles under his breath and then immediately throws up his hands and takes a step back as Tony turns to glare at him.
'Ignoring your unfortunate tendency to swear,' Jarvis scolds, 'you have shown every indication so far of being a perfectly adequate father.'
He chews on his lip as he considers if he wants to read anything Tony may have written to him. He doesn't, but he's not going to start running away now.
'K,' Pete closes his eyes and falls asleep pressing his blankie to his face.
They stare at each other for a moment.
'What did you want to... mmmm,' Steve gets cut off when Tony frames his face with his hands and kisses him.
‘And you thought avoiding Tony like the plague was the best solution?’ Bruce doesn’t sound judgmental so much as he sounds amused. ‘The man’s your best friend, your second in command and the owner of everything around us. You can’t avoid him forever.’
'Good, because you're mine,' he tells his boy.
'Gosh,' Steve crosses his arms as he leans forwards. 'Will you be ok?'
‘Didn’t I?’ Tony turns back to look at Steve, ‘why are you here then?’
'Records would suggest so Captain. I was not yet created and sir does not speak of it.'
'Sir,' Jarvis calls out, 'Colonel Rhodes has approved of your chosen names for the children. He will be calling you later when he's able.'
'Ok,' he holds up his arms and Clint pauses for a second before picking him up.
'I do,' she's watching him like Natasha watches a target. Is it a woman thing?
'It's nine in the evening here,' Steve smiles.
'Hey, Thor,' Tony can hardly not hug him back. 'Good to see you too. What brings you to our corner of the cosmos?'
'Will you stop?' he snaps. 'It's over. I fixed it. No harm done. Just forget about it.'
Tony relaxes back against the sofa and watches as Steve takes a photo with his phone.
'I feel I should remind you, Captain, that your StarkPhone is fully capable of taking photographs,' Jarvis replies.
“Oh, absolutely. How fast is the quinjet?”
of hard work to set this all up!”
He was on fire.
Steve looked to the clock.
Blood boiling, Steve didn’t hesitate to charge him, pushing Rumlow into the safe, locking the vault on top of him. Steve shouted over Rumlow’s pounding. “Rumlow! Tell Fury I’m sorry! I’m gonna find him, I promise! I’ll kill him, just give me time!” In response, Rumlow started to shoot at Steve through the safe.
Steve was cut off yet again by more banging on the door.
“Then stop acting like one,” Steve snarled back.
When he opened his eyes back up, Steve found himself faced with his younger self. Blond hair tussled in the light breeze, blue eyes wide and doughy. He stared back at him, mouth slightly agape. When he saw him go for his shield, Steve flipped around, letting the shield hit the gold still strapped to his back. He recovered quickly, and when he saw himself reach for the shield, Steve knocked him out.
His head was pounding, overwhelmed by the sound of the blast, accompanied by the screams of people around him. His body throbbed in pain, the threat of dark bruises already presenting itself. The blast had been big; even at the distance Tony was at was enough to do some damage.
“And no one’s entered the building that wasn’t supposed to be there?”
Steve woke up alone in an alley. His plummet to the ground was cut short by a parked car.
Tony didn’t know how long they stayed there. Tony curled up around Steve’s chest, listening to him breathing; Steve swaying Tony against him, humming some old tune.
Tony cracked his eyes open, seeing The Captain looking at him, his face covered with dirt and grime along with a small cut on his cheek.
With that, Wanda got up, stomping away towards her room. Pietro, seeing an opening, quickly followed, leaving Tony alone with a now dozing Peter.
“Hey. Chicks dig TK, man.”
He opened the door slowly, not wanting to wake Tony if the man was sleeping. Peering in, the curtains were closed, and the room was quiet, but that didn’t really surprise Steve. What shot up warning bells in his head was the lack of a blue glow that Steve had gotten used to curling up against.
Steve rolled his eyes as Sharon walked away.
“Tony! He flew back in there, something about getting the bomb remains. Listen, we need to get back in there!” Pepper tried to pull on Clint’s arm, but he refused to budge.
“Need some help there, Cap?” Tony teased lightly. Steve dutifully ignored him, cursing inwardly as he knocked his head against the inside of his desk. Maybe he was more tired than he thought.
“Tony,” the other man sighed. “I’m a criminal.”
Tony shivered, feeling the phantom slice of the blade.
being home. He wasn’t exactly sure how he
Steve placed a reassuring hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Sam, this isn’t your fault. You couldn’t have known that there was a bomb in there. And look, everyone made it out just fine.”
Tony slowly brought one of his hands behind him. “I’m just saying, there are better options.”
After dinner, Steve headed back into his apartment with the package still wrapped. He carefully set it down on the table before putting away his shoes and jacket. Then, nearly vibrating with excitement, he peeled back the paper to find a book - a book unlike anything he had ever seen before. Inside were a series of photographs and instructions, each detailing different defensive and offensive moves. Steve poured over one of the first pages, which was written in an unfamiliar hand. It detailed how to turn mundane objects into weapons and how to think of exit strategies. He loved every single bit of it. Reading over the letter that went with it, the blond smiled to himself. Immediately, he began to work on a reply.
“He talks about another artist in his letters. I’m working on sorting through who that is but I would want to see if I could get his art into the public as well. He talks about how Bucky and this other friend would help him pick colours because he was colour blind.” Tony frowned a moment before the name of it occurred to him “Protanopia. He had trouble with reds and blue. I just need to look into it. I’m sorry I didn’t come in more prepared for this actually. “ Tony quickly snapped a couple of pictures of Serena’s backpack after he took one of them in front of the mural. He sent both to Demi who was getting ready for their dinner date. “That’s why this one is in Sepia tones”
There are a number of choices in this chapter and many places coming up that are very intentional. Especially when it comes to numbers. It'll make me very happy if any are guessed. -Pyrone
. Tony bit his lip unfurling the first sketch, and he felt his jaw drop. The view was like he was coming back to bed. It was his first glimpse of Grant’s little apartment, where he chose to decorate the wall near his bed with the damn comics Tony drew. God, he was beautiful. His hair was a mess - a mussed beautiful disaster. For all that he sculpted, Pendragon had a great sense of light and shadow.
“Probably. The letters were super hidden in the Manhattan house and I was only looking at some of that stuff recently. How about we get that food going?” Tony smiled as the server thankfully approached them.
Getting knit caps to match the scarves was easy for his gift for the guys. It was something he could do. He gets a call and text in December from Pepper reminding him that yes, he did win The Apogee award, Pepper’s already got it booked. Tony attended Rhodey’s newest promotion and let them get soused. He spent most of Hell week in a daze of insomnia and groggy thoughts. How he could get some posthumous revenge if it came to that. How Obie probably sold his parents out.
Also his plea in front of the judge that he could keep his child was so heartfelt.  I will repeat, I did not need those feelings.
Michael hummed thoughtfully. “Well, that’s where communication with your partner is important. Being intimate might mean different things to you than it does to him. And if he’s an experienced lover, he might have ideas for things you could do that wouldn’t be harmful to your health. A good partner would want you to be healthy and happy and comfortable.”
“Well is there any theory you’re trying to prove or do you just want to learn?” Tony asked, laying at the foot of the bed. He’d glanced to see her reading a book on his aunt and had snapped a pic of her during a pedicure they had done in the room. It was one of the best non-professional shots of her she’d ever seen.
"You're landing properly at least. :p Also keep in mind she is wicked fast. It'll take time Tones before you land anything properly.." Rhodes sent back "Glad she's a good fit"
I think your man is going to be amazing in it. I’m looking forward to the movie. So how do we want to do this, two letters one a reaction to the Hobbit and the other to the movie we’re seeing or one big letter. What works for you, Grant?
Are you trying to kill me? Sounds to me like you’re a stunner. It also sounds like you needed that soup and bread. I know these are trying times, but are you getting everything you need? I hate seeing people go without. I am very happy to make you blush and fluster. Secret mission in life accomplished: fluster a little treat of a man. You are so honest it’s refreshing to me.
-Your (Tired) Artist
"The thing is, depending on how you're attacked, you might not have a standard weapon. Sometimes grabbing the nearest thing and making it a weapon is the best thing you can do. But I think you know this better than most of the people I've trained. Equipment fails. If there's an ambush, chances are it won't be Stark weapons that fall. Or, if they are, it would be because they haven't been taken good care of," Maria told him over an earpiece as he walked around in the middle of a field. She had declared the best way to help prepare Tony for some situations was to throw him into the proverbial deep end. For instance, tactical simulation with airsoft weapons.
… I also do not know what to do with the mental image of you nibbling on my ear. Got me feeling hot under the collar. Almost enough to make me forget October is almost here.
Grant.
PS: I might be working on a surprise for you. I think it’ll be done before your birthday.
The movie sounds like fun. She is a great actress, and Franklin probably will not object going to see that one. He likes a good comedy. But… am I reading that wrong? Do you… actually know her? Have you ever met Cary Grant? These are real important questions, Edward. I have to know.
I hope you get to see the murals soon. If only because that would mean I would get to see you soon. Sure you cannot just hit Obie with a 2x4 and be done with it? I would not tell anyone that you had done it. Promise. It is probably selfish of me to want him dead, but I worry so much for you, sugar. And if he were dead, the biggest threat in your life would be gone. Ma would frown at me for saying that. She always thought every life had value, even the scum. We got into a few spats about that, believe you me.
The pair walked in silence through the streets of Brooklyn. It was noisy in the early morning way, with the rumble of cars and the clatter of shops opening serving as the soundtrack to their journey. Steve barely noticed it.  As the part of Brooklyn they lived in did not have much of an Irish population, getting to his ma’s church took them a while,. Each step reminded the artist of early morning walks with Sarah, who would always be in one of two dresses, her hair neatly pinned, and a hat carefully perched on her head. And her gloves, white lace that had begun to fade into ecru from age. If he thought hard enough, he could almost feel the light pressure of her hand resting in the curve of his elbow - almost hear the gentle tinkle of her laughter in response to his dry humor.
Edward.
I know just the thing for Jarvis and Ana, but can you mail it back after you’re done? Also, your references are in here too, Sunshine. Those you can keep. Jarvis does this caramel apple pie that looks too pretty to eat. But it is so good. Got him to make it for the photos you asked for. I promise I’m not spoiled.
“Don’t have much of a choice if I want to go home, do I,” Steve teased. He flashed her a smile over his shoulder. “It’ll be fine. People wash and dry.”
Tony grinned as he sat on the stool nearest to the mailbox and dived into the letter. “Friday, mind letting me dictate a draft to you? Let's title it draft one with today's date. Starting in 5”
I think you would be an amazing father, Eddie. Honestly, you seem like you would put your child before the whole world – do everything you could for them. And the fact you know what was bad about your dad and your grandad… I dunno, sometimes just knowing what shape the danger takes can help you avoid it. So, no more creepy men who ply you with alcohol, and you should be golden, alright?
“Yes,” Tony answered with a grin.
George leaned in closer, his other arm coming up around Steve’s waist. “I know fine art when I see it, baby. If you let me, I’d be happy to keep you warm tonight.”
On one side, a tree bore an inscription that appeared to read “il mio tesoro.” The right side featured a tree in much worse repair, but he could just make out a heart that contained the initials “SGR + .” The second set of initials had been obscured by time, but Tony knew to the very marrow of his bones that it had probably once read “EK.” Steve had literally painted one of his favourite daydreams on the side of a building, loudly declaring his love for another man. It was only the cleverness of the artist (and his slight figure) that had kept him from being caught.
-Grant
Tony watched the pair of them exchange numbers and Demi gave her a drive home while Tony sat in the cab alone. He wrote on the tablet on the way to the hotel since he didn’t feel quite ready to even attempt to spend the night in the Manhattan house. He didn’t put the date on any of the letters. He’d have to wait a while before he sent this. But it was the only way he would be able to explain not looking for Bucky right away. Why he wouldn’t look for scrappy Hurricane Rogers.
The war had been slogging on for a seeming eternity when the alpha’s world turned on its head. But not in the way any history book or documentary has ever told. It was yet another mission to destroy a Hydra base - this one a terrible breeding facility on the northern border of France.
Setting the drawing aside, Steve smiled to himself. He would have to work on the letter when he got home. For the time being, he had promised Arnie they could go out, and they were headed someplace a bit different than normal. The redhead had met some new friends, better ones he claimed, that had invited him to what they were calling February House – something of an artists commune. There were writers, performers, and artists living there; it seemed like a good place for Steve to work on his resolution for the new year.
Apologies if the Yiddish is incorrect; feel free to leave corrections
“Yeah, no. Now that you called me James, you’ve gotta take a bath, eat some food, and watch me clean your dishes before you get the letter. That’s the law of the land now.” And just to emphasize how utterly immovable he was on the matter, Bucky crossed his arms across his chest and affixed Steve with his best disappointed stare.
Steve- 1941
Tony smiled a little to himself looking over at Steve again. And then spied himself again. While this wasn’t the exact intimacy of the kiss in the park. The literal love letter on a wall. There they were, leaned in close Tony clearly more focused on watching Steve since he had seen Ella Fitzgerald and the setlist of this tour. Tony smiled to himself a moment before he watched Serena and Demi move to look closer.
-Grant
The Barneses were kind enough to not comment on the obvious war of emotions on Steve’s face. Instead, George loudly carried on a conversation about what Hilter and his goons were doing, talking about the laws being passed to prevent the Jewish people of Germany from holding certain types of jobs. Which of course led to Bucky griping about the new immigration policies being enacted by the American government. In another life, Steve always supposed George Barnes would’ve gone into political science and Bucky would have gone to some fancy ivy league school. Both of them were whip smart and loved to share their opinions on anything. Seemed like the sort of things academics liked to do. And usually Steve would be right there with them, jabbing the table with his finger as he argued for social services and equal wealth distribution. But not on October 15th.
The next chapter is one that if you are on the POTS server, you would have seen me lament and groan about it there.
Later, during the performances, Steve could not help looking around the club. He felt restless, as though he were standing on the edge of the scaffolding on a tall building with his toes hanging off the edge. As he scanned the crowd, his gaze caught on a couple that made his breath catch in his throat. A muscular brunet was seated in a chair, looking for all the world like a king, and in his lap was a smaller blond. The pair looked so comfortable with each other that it made a fierce ache burn in Steve’s chest. He could imagine being like that with Eddie - sharing those little intimacies. Especially as the brunet whispered something to the blond that made him throw his head back in laughter; nearly toppling off the other man’s lap except for the firm grip his partner had on his hips.
In the morning, Bucky grabbed the letter off the table before Steve had managed to wake up. He did not even hesitate to post it, not considering that the blond might have written it while drunk out of his mind.
-Grant
“Tony Stark reading a pen and paper letter. Who’s it from?” Maria asked with a weird little grin.
The picture was a result of a trip to our park. While I was sketching, I noticed a raven stealing a chucklehead’s watch right out of his pocket. And something about that bird just reminded me of you. Maybe it was its love of shiny things, or maybe it was how excited it got over being so clever. Either way, I could have sworn you were there in the park with me. Old coot never even noticed the bird getting away with his watch. He deserved it, with what he was going on about.
Steve’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. “What?” he croaked.
A blush crawled up the back of Michael’s neck as Arnie snickered. “Let’s just say I’ve had a lot more access to a model recently,” the sculptor quipped. “You think they’re alright, though?”
“Oh, you are going to love this,” Rhodey said, rubbing his hands together and leaning in conspiratorially. “Back in the 30s and 40s, being homosexual was illegal. So, they had to get creative in how to keep in contact, right? These types of boxes were a thing in the gay underground that would help you send letters and get letters from other like-minded guys. Y’know, secret meetups and love letters. A friend of a friend who works at the museum talked about how they got this in but they couldn’t put it in any of the exhibits properly. So basically I bought it off them, and now it’s yours,” Rhodey explained with a grin.
And I like it more when things are mutual with partnerships, Sunshine. I’m yours too. In whatever shape or time you want that of me. Time is the biggest hurdle. Time and a responsibility I feel to try to bring Obie down. Is it bad I want it to be super publicly since I am that frustrated with him?
“As cute as this all is,” Steve drawled, “we might want to get started before the light goes. What do you need me to do, Arnie?”
“A lot. I know. I only discovered these recently. I’m really unprepared for this one. He was vague about this mural in the letters. So where in Brooklyn? And mind if I have a few minutes alone with it before you get too close?” Tony asked looking over at Serena.
Admittedly, a Tony light chapter.
“Naked,” Arnie confirmed. “Shorts would ruin the lines. Don’t worry, Stevie. You’ll be under a sheet. And I promise Michael and I won’t get handsy with ya. Even if you are as cute as a button.”
Grant, I want you to flourish. And I am sure you will find a way to do it. I’ve made something of a small gallery of your work in my garage. I’m thinking of moving my preferred writing seat closer to where I have it set up. But I would need to do some heavy rearranging. And I could probably write down what my friend Pepper says about your pieces.  She likes them for starters.
When he woke the next morning, the sun was streaming weakly through the window. His eyes were crusted thickly, and tear tracks had dried over on his cheeks. Sometimes he just felt the keen ache of loneliness so intensely that it seemed to gnaw away at the strings of his heart, threatening to break it.
Sometimes … meeting famous people is not all it is cracked out to be. Yesterday I was over at February House listening to something Ben was working on. It got raining real bad, and everyone insisted I stay over so I did not catch my death. I have never stayed over before, but it seemed safe enough.
“You are completely fine, Tony! I sprung the idea of the exhibit on you literally moments ago.” She turned to stare up at the painting once more, seeing it in a new light. “I think doing a joint exhibit featuring both of them would be amazing. It would be a way of recovering two artists lost to time.” Her lips twitched. “They would make an amazing dissertation subject.”
I’m imagining that and you really are going all out on your vigilantism screaming from rooftops and everything sweetheart. I am so very happy to be kissed. That sounds amazing and believe me especially once I get your face right Sunshine I’m probably not going to think of much else. There is nothing much going on here but you in my head right now. It’s actually really great after the shit week I’ve had. I feel like I think way too much.
Letting out a breath between his teeth, Steve nodded. “Yeah. I think so. He seems like someone I’d get on with. And it wouldn’t hurt to write back? Worst he could do is throw it into the fire and ignore it. Right?”
Reaching down, Tony selected the gift from Jarvis and just … stared at it for several moments.  Finally lifting the corner on the tape, Tony opened the ends and let the box slide out onto his lap. His jaw hung slack as he saw the white lacquered box, and his hands began to shake as he traced the edges of the box reverently. He remembered this box. Tony remembered sitting in the Jarvises’ quarters as he watched Ana pull this box from her desk drawer. For a moment Tony feels as if he’s seeing it in double as he opens the box to see everything as she left it. The Conklin pen in its case sitting in a sectioned-off portion of the kit. Her paper stacked tidily in one compartment, and her little pad of sticky notes in another little section. And a section for personal cards. A portion of the kit still held the tightly sealed bottle of ink. “Jarvis,” Tony whispered, tracing his thumbs along the kit to feel the velvet lining. He felt his chest flutter and sniffed for a moment, trying to hold back the tears. “This was Ana’s.”
It felt like one of the longest hours of his life so far.
“Thank you, honey.” Leaning down, she pressed a quick kiss to his cheek. “Peter, why don’t you go make sure the guest room is presentable? And Carson, sweetheart, could you put on some tea? I think something warm will work a treat to fight back the chill.”
A blush settled high and fast on Steve’s cheeks. “He ain’t my engineer,” he automatically grumbled. “We’re just… pals. Same as always.”
An idea struck like lightning.
Steve made a face at Bucky’s back, just to be petulant, before folding the letter open. His eyes carefully scanned the lettering, which was bold and sharp. There was something about it that made him smile: the letters each felt like they were almost stumbling together, as though the man’s brain moved faster than his hand could keep up. Oh, sure, the writing was still pretty enough, but it wasn’t as stiff and practiced as Steve had been expecting. He felt his hopes rise just a little. “Says it took him a bit to write back because at first, he thought it was a prank or somethin’. But that my second letter made him realize it was genuine,” Steve reported. “Says he’s an engineer. Which means you’re probably right that he’s in the money.”
Edward,
“Smart man,” she said with a wicked grin. “When he comes home, you’ll have to introduce us. I am very curious to see what sort of man caught your eye.”
So much time had passed. Their relationship had changed from a flighty, delicate thing into what Steve considered a true friendship. The love he felt was not based on idle dreams or reading between the lines of the letters. Instead, it was rooted in the very real person he felt he knew as well as he knew himself. But his fears that their ideas of a relationship were incompatible still loomed large in his mind. How could he test the waters and ascertain Eddie’s stance?
(See the end of the chapter for
A hundred kisses sure sounds like a lot. At your current rate, we are just going to have to spend a couple of years just stealing all the kisses we can. First thing in the morning, just when we are waking up for the day. Over breakfast, every time you ask me to pass you something. Lunch, too, while one of us is cooking. Snuggled up together in one of your fancy bathtubs. I would have to keep time by kisses instead of hours on a clock.
As they were getting ready to leave, the smaller man hesitated before looking at his friends. “What if … Eddie wants something I couldn’t give him?” he asked, his voice unusually small.
Pain. Lots of pain.
Eddie,
I am trying to find information that I can use to get Obie at least off the board. But I am not having any luck finding anything I can present to the authorities. Nothing I can even present to the board. I have no evidence besides the fact he has been messing with my head for years. My parents are dead, and I saw the fucking wounds. But by now their bodies are so decayed it’s just my testimony with nothing to prove it. I would probably be pacing and ranting this at you sweetheart, and I feel the need to apologize about that.
I never got to know my mom enough to know whether she would have been able to move on. I haven’t been able to forgive my dad for probably driving them drunk into whatever accident it was. Or even whatever happened that night. So I can see Valentines’ being ruined.
Those early months in 1942 also saw the pair attending a plethora of movies.  First was
"You were the handsome fella in the corner," Tony replied remembering how he had thought he'd seen Steve while bombed out of his gourd there. "The one that looked like he was over the moon listening to Ella.”
April in New York was still on the chilly side - at least for someone like Steve. But there was sun and the promise of summer warming things up enough that everyone seemed to be spilling outside. The streets were full of the sounds of laughing kids and women exchanging news in at least five different languages. It added a softness to the usual bustle of the city; a humanity the cars and other vehicles lacked. Steve thrived on it.
I am glad you have steady work, any bit helps; be careful to go outside for your breaks. I imagine your lungs will thank you. I am not sure if we can be seen or even near the same neighborhood, but I would like to see us in the same picture.  Maybe we can see the movie in different theaters and write about it.
Tony paused as he looked at the letter and considered the unexplainable delivery. He bit his lip and looked over at Rhodey’s gift again. It was impossible, and yet… the sketch he was looking at was a view unlike one he’d seen before. It was old Brooklyn. But done in such care, with every little detail clear from the clothing hanging on lines to the way the buildings seemed to lean into one another. It was a view the guy probably saw a lot. Tony sat the letter on the worktop, letting the smell of the cologne linger. Drumming his fingers on the table, he read it again. “For science,” he mumbled, grabbing a stray notepad and a pen from nearby. The only way to get answers was to conduct an experiment, and so he began to work on the first draft of the letter he just wanted to try sending. He would rewrite it later, using Ana’s beautiful stationery, but in that moment he simply needed to get his thoughts out.
“Just what is bringing this on, my dear?” Jarvis asked as Tony took a slow breath. Tony wrapped his arms around Jarvis’s back and worked at loosening his jaw muscles. Jarvis was quiet as Tony gently rocked them - the motion soothing in its repetition.
Steve was not entirely sure how spending so much time in February House became part of his life, but he was happy to feel like he belonged somewhere. He and Peter got on like a house on fire, and Lee started referring to Carson and Steve as her “little chickadees.” She did not baby the pair, per se, but she did fuss over them – since they were both so prone to getting sick.
I hate him. And I always resented kids who had dads who loved them. Because I thought, ‘Wow, I must be awful. If I were a better kid, maybe my father would love me.’ But instead, he finally decided he was sick of us and left. February 10, 1928. So … February is a bad month to begin with. Ma and I both preferred to pretend it did not exist, you know? And everyone getting all obsessed with Valentine’s Day has just made it worse. I would always try to bring home Ma some flowers for the 14th, just so she had something to smile about.
Scowling at Arnie, the blond brushed past him to unmake the bed. “Edward better appreciate this,” he grumbled.
Tony adjusted his sleeves dully. He wondered if there’s any point to even going to his outing tonight. He was meeting Ty for dinner and inevitably another night of dancing. Half of it not even with him. Liquor and probably some kind of substance. And who knew if there was any way if he’ll be able to do much of anything.
“I can tell. Happy new year to you too. I’m glad to see you survived the week,” Pepper said softly.
"So suggestions then, Maria?" Tony asked as he toed around a tractor. He hoped it would provide cover so he could get a better vantage; he just needed to get to the door.
“Eh, wouldn’t want to escape it if I could. Ma always said that remembering where you were from was important.” He leaned out the doorway and
With a heavy and rather overdramatic sigh, Steve gave in with a quiet, “Fine. But only for you, Lee.”
Tony offered a wave and glanced at them all. This was his best bet at getting home. The only thing that could produce enough power was potentially the tesseract.  And these were the ones who helped bring down Schmidt so they were his ticket. "See now that sounds kind of misleading, I am that. But you could also go into the fact you found me halfway to disassembling the bed and ready to shiv the next Hydra asshole that came through the door.” Tony chuckled a moment rubbing the back of his neck.
“I needed someone to believe me. You think something else killed them. Someone else, maybe,” Tony confirmed slowly. He watched Jarvis nod. “I uh. I need to finish something. I'll talk with you more in a bit.”
“Alright then,” Demi muttered standing to her full 6 ft 3 and shoving her feet into her sandals. “It’s hilarious you two have already discussed that. I’m glad you’re happy.”
“Hats for him and his friends. To go with the mitts and scarves I got them the last couple of Christmases. I have no idea what I am sending them next year since the thing is a bit small to send a coat through. And socks would be so shitty,” Tony answered as he watched Jarvis stretch out.
Tony watched Maria frown as she came back down into the garage - a bucket of ice in hand. “Alright, this should be enough ice to make this work. What’s Dum-E doing?”
Edward
Steve sighed happily. “Yeah she does.” He snagged a relatively clean towel before shuffling into the kitchen. “... Thanks, Buck. For, y’know.”
Franklin’s ma is fine with us using his room for self-defense lessons on one condition. We have also been teaching his sisters, too. His ma figures they need to be able to lay a fella flat if he gets any kind of untoward ideas. Honestly, the eldest is better at fighting than Franklin or I. Kind of funny, honestly, watching a girl my size just make a complete fool of her brother. She and Maria would be quite the pair. Probably take over the world.
“I’ve still got a couple hours left on my watch, but you look dead on your feet.” He knocked on the door to the office before moving in. Morita kept on snoring, but Gabe opened an eye. “Tony is going to bunk in here. We are going to be transporting him to Agent Carter.” Moving over to his pack, Steve pulled out his bedroll and passed it over to the omega. “Get some sleep.”
“If it goes as you said, I might be able to get you Julie’s personal number. She could use the boost,” Hallie added as Tony finally set a date.
Slowly, Bucky peeled back his hands and glared at the blond. “Next time,” he groused, “I pick the movie.
Rhodey had messaged him a few more times since the previous night.
Demi nodded before shooting Tony a quizzical look.
“So this is Tony Stark in his natural habitat. With a boyfriend who is a technology disaster from the sounds of it. What the hell is your life? And is there a way for any of us to help you unfuck this up so you can talk properly to your guy?” Demi laughed and flashed a smile that would probably make Aphrodite jealous.
Ducking his head, he rubbed at the back of his neck. “That’s, um, very kind of you to say. Especially given how, uh, pretty you are?”
“Thanks, if you need anything fixed I can figure it out,” Tony replied, stretching out a moment. He did manage to conk out quickly. Whether it was the distance or the fact he couldn’t smell much else but Steve was debatable. He really did smell that great.
'Is Pepper in her room?' he asks as the lift starts moving up.
'Of course, sir.'
'Ok,' Pete launches himself at his sword and blanket before allowing himself to be lifted up from the bed.
'Pepper will be delighted,' he treks up the stairs.
'So what's the real problem, Tony? You know he's too good to ever reject the kid and he's too stubborn to get himself trapped doing something he doesn't want to do. And, bluntly, if you thought he was doing either you could just up and move across the country. Again. Or out of the country altogether.'
'Tony, you just had major surgery,' Steve objects without much hope. 'You shouldn't be lifting...'
'Tony!' the Captain comes around a corner and beams at him.
Steve really, really shouldn’t feel better about that.
'Okay...' he replies. 'Then why are you calling?'
'Tony?' the warm talking pillow is back. 'Pete fell asleep so I've gotten him changed and into bed. Do you... Umm. Are you asleep? Shall I carry you?'
'Blame Rhodes,' he dismisses.
'What was the percentage chance of me telling Steve via a press conference?'
Steve bites his lip,
Tony scrubs a hand across his face and levers himself up and off of Steve's lap by the blonde's shoulder. Steve's gaze follows him as he paces to where Dummy abandoned his toast and back towards Steve.
'Coffee first,' Tony pulls himself across the bed. 'Don't even tell me what the time is.'
*          *          *
'If you two think you're being subtle...' Clint scoffs.
‘Good to see you, Tony.’
'He gave me a sword!' Pete has dodged to Steve's side and waves the knife up at him.
'I'm sorry,' Steve doesn't let go. 'I just... I could have lost you today. I though I had lost...'
Very reassuring.
Tony tries to remember if any of Pepper's rules involved him not being around such an innocent.
'And if he gives up on me?' Steve asks.
'And he's going to move in with us?' Bruce asks carefully; Tony had admitted his suspicions of AIM having some of his DNA but they didn't discuss what would happen if they found a live child.
Steve valiantly doesn't keep thinking about how Tony is half naked.
'Jarvis can always find Dada.'
'Sir?' Jarvis calls. 'Sir?'
'Sorry, Jarvis.'
'Hello sugar,' Tony mumbles.
'You think they talked him into it.'
'What can you tell us about him?'
'Why do I need a suit if I'll be out the back playing with Pete?'
'I know what to get him,' Tony sits up abruptly.
He spends that night turning what the other man said over and over in his mind.
'Barely cost me anything!' Tony retorts immediately. 'And I would have given you the bike soon anyway. There's a present giving occasion coming up, right? Jarvis?'
Next chapter may contain spoilers for Iron Man 3.
Tony sighs,
'Ok,' Pete agrees readily but follows him to the very threshold.
Her smile is sunny,
Pete heads to his own room to get dressed, dragging his sword and blanket with him, as Tony detours to get coffee before coming back for him. He helps his son pick out clothes that match while gulping down his coffee.
Right, like he'd ever let this stand that long. He knows he'll be fighting for a resolution long before four days.
'Thank you, Clint,' Steve says, for Pete, as he comes and sits beside Tony to help Pete rip off the paper.
'I will,' Tony agrees quietly and allows himself to be towed to the sofa. Pepper curls herself against his side.
'Is Pepper going to be angry with me?'
'Good morning?' Steve doesn't mean it to sound like a question but he's busy wondering if he should step back onto the lift and flee from their stares.
Tony doesn't really let Steve watch the movie, but it's only fair because he's not watching it himself either.
At first Tony is merely unconscious.
'He gave me a hundred muffins already,' Steve rolls his eyes.
'I have never said you couldn't have it,' Steve objects.
Steve isn’t sure if Tony hates hospitals in general or if it’s a distrust of SHIELD, but his friend’s twitchiness is starting to make him jumpy too.
He's hoping to lose track of time so he won't be hyper aware of when it's time for Pete to be waking up.
'You guess right!' Tony raises his glass in a mock toast.
'If anything happens to me then Jim will be Steve's,' he adds.
Tony hesitates as he looks at his son before meeting Steve's eye,
'I have a Board Meeting,' Tony pet his son's hair absently, 'can you two look after him for a few hours?'
'This is incredible research,' Bruce sounds impressed and reminds Tony of Reed.
'Do you want me to go?' Steve asks but takes a step forwards, his hand twitching towards him.
'Why is Dada busy?'
'I...' Steve blushes. 'Oh! I didn't... What would you like me to do for...?'
'Tony, what are you doing,' he smiles as his friend touches down. 'And where's Pete?'
'I would never do anything to hurt... coffee?' Steve ventures.
'I suggest the penthouse, sir. I shall take a scan and we can keep a digital copy down here,' there's a flicker in the corner and then a hologram of the picture activates.
'You think Steve can cope with loosing another friend?' Rhodey asks. 'Because that's what'll happen here, Tony. How will he be able to trust you after this?'
‘Jarvis is temperamental with new people,’ Tony smirks and throws his legs up onto Bruce’s lap as he relaxes against the arm of the sofa.
, Steve almost bites through his lip,
'Additional weight will increase thrust requirements by...'
'See you later then,' he lifts his hand in a wave and his son copies him.
'All of it?' Pete sounds awed.
I've editted the entire -verse to change JARVIS to Jarvis. I can't remember now why I was ever using JARVIS so there we go :-)
'I can tell you that this is the result of a lot of hard work by a lot of people. This has been my aim for SI since I came back from my little vacation in Afghanistan. With all of the Stark Industries' facilities running on Arc Reactor power we'll be the greenest international company out there.'
Does his brain stop working whenever Tony smiles?
'Captain,' Jarvis breaks the silence again, 'sir would never want to keep you from your son.'
The bots seem unsettled too; Jarvis doesn’t seem concerned at all, but Dummy is borderline hostile and You and Butterfingers, who Steve had been winning over, are ignoring him.
'Jarvis?'
Tony wakes up to an empty bed.
‘I trust Dummy,’ Tony tells him and sways on his feet; Steve tows him to a stool.
He makes good time and does a quick aerial lap of the block before landing at the back entrance to the SI store. Jarvis makes quick work of the security lock and he steps inside.
‘Sir is dying,’ Jarvis announces as the metal shutters suddenly start rising. ‘We need your help.’
'Good,' Tony relaxes, 'that's good.'
'Tony,' she interrupts, 'you work yourself to exhaustion at the best of times; if you're reliving a day then nobody will even notice how long you've been working.'
'So what do I do?' he puts the coffee back down and fiddles with a tablet.
'I'm so impressed by you right now,' Natasha deadpans.
Steve offers him a small smile,
‘Jarvis, has Tony not come home yet?’
He tries to shoot Clint a quelling look.
'He knows we're together so he'll think it's odd if you call me...' he presses call and raises the phone to his ear.
'Captain,' Jarvis adds after a moment, 'I am sorry you were not informed as to sir's plans.'
Steve smiles as Tony takes a distracted bite of the sandwich and then gives it a confused look even as Steve guides him to where Pete is sitting.
'Captain Rogers has a crush on Tony and Tony is rejecting him in case it goes bad.'
'Right,' Steve sighs.
Through unspoken agreement they head straight back to StarkTower rather than debriefing.
'I meant the adorable surprise at the end!'
‘Figuratively,' he corrects with an eye roll.
'Make up your mind, sweetheart,' Tony suddenly sounds tired.
'You are my favourite,' Tony informs him as he inhales the vapours.
What can you say to that?
Also the watch is enormous and flashy and horrendously expensive.
Tony appears and strolls to the empty seat beside Steve and sprawls himself out.
Tony nods,
'Just a little shrapnel,' she reports. 'Stupid mistake on my part. I got away. Location is secure.'
'Hey, all's forgiven, sweetheart.'
'You'll tell him?' Rhodey presses.
'I think you're right,' Steve laughs, 'let's make sure we have some more brewed read for him.'
There's not much he can say to that so he just smiles back.
'Good morning, Pepper,' he's pleased his voice stays steady.
‘Tony, it’s alright!’ Steve hovers nearby and doesn’t reach over again. ‘You’re in medical; you’re safe!’
‘So you are still speaking to me?’
*                                  *                                  *
'Surrogate,' Tony lounges while Pepper perches with a tablet on her knee. 'The same surrogate for both boys, though we aren't admitting Jim yet. We won't release her name for privacy reasons.'
'Tony?'
hate it here,’ Tony adds but sits back on the bed.
Tony hums a vague agreement but grinds down again, making Steve tip his head back as he stifles a cry.
'Tell me when Pepper's available,' he drags a hand through his hair, ‘and when Cap gets back.’
Tony laughs and steps forwards to let his head rest against Rhodey's shoulder,
‘Jarvis,’ Steve finally lifts his head again, ‘do you know why Tony’s angry with me?’
'Sure,' he rolls his eyes.
Tony presses another kiss to his stomach as he rubs gently around Steve's opening. He's about to make Steve tell him if this is ok or not, as the soldier has become a little tense, but then Steve is spreading his legs wider and bending his knees up to plant his feet.
Tony laughs,
Twenty minutes or so later he looks up as his son tugs on his sleeve.
'Congratulations, Tony,' Bruce smiles and grips his shoulder, 'you're a dad.'
'Go to sleep,' Tony smiles a little.
'Best Mom ever,' Clint claps him on the arm.
'Good,' he can hear Bruce's smile. 'Congratulations, Steve.'
On the screen Tony is tapping rapidly on his tablet.
'Good afternoon, sir,' Jarvis greets him. 'To when are you referring? You passed out on your desk a little over seven hours ago and Captain Rogers was not here.'
'Cap, would you put some more coffee on and find some fruit to go with lunch?' Tony starts backing out of the room. 'And milk for Pete. And yourself. Probably.'
'You're a genius,' someone blurts.
Tony really needs not to break whatever it is he has with Steve; restarting time, if that is what's happening, won't be as worth it if he does.
'Might need four,' Bruce repeats and rubs his eyes before pinching the bridge of his nose. 'Tony, I'm quite tired, can you spell this out for me?'
