Steve just nodded, because he was talkative like that and you could always count on him to pick up a conversation if it was limping.
to the full G. Like in slow motion. But it  must have happened lightning fast, because the red hot signal barely had the time to reach Tony's brain and already it was over, and Cap was drawing back.
Tony twisted his lips wryly and nodded. "That was exactly the reason I left the tech, you know," he said. He thought he sounded vaguely defiant. "I wanted in on the action. Not to be on the sidelines, repairing things while the others have all the fun." His cheek twitched. His stomach felt like a closed fist. The more it constricted with too much emotion, the more flippant he sounded. He needed to erase this conversation from existence, somehow; there was too much heart in it. Erase it and walk away.
Tony: I never even talked about this to anyone before. And now that you know, you're intentionally making it worse.
Natasha took a step in his direction, put a hand on his shoulder, stared into his eyes for a moment. Then she nodded. "Okay," she said as if something was now decided. "We'll do that, then."
Did he really say what Steve thought he did? Because there, in the darkness of the coatroom, with the residue of the caresses still burning on Steve's skin, it had looked more and more like he had, like that was exactly what Tony meant. And Steve had sunk to the floor and hugged his knees and remembered Tony's careful touches as well as his demanding mouth, and how, during sex, he had kept whispering to Steve:
. And then Tony almost touches his cock again, torturously, and Steve thinks he's going to cry with frustration. "Okay," he pushes through his teeht. "Two fingers. Do it."
"I..." He stopped; began again. "I don't feel so well, Cap. I think I'm going to go to bed, actually."
gauntlet, actually, an Iron Man gauntlet with the infinity stones." He didn't look surprised, he just nodded, so I figured he knew about the thing. "You snapped Thanos and his army out of existence." The pain at the memory was still sharp, and I welcomed it. It was there so I didn't forget what my Tony did for us all and how he went. Not that I could ever forget, but I was already afraid it would be so easy to lose myself in this new timeline, this new Tony; the pain would die down, and that couldn't be allowed to happen. That would be the ultimate betrayal.
They avoided each other's eyes. Sheepishness was so thick in the air it was making it impossible to breathe.
Because, that was the point, really. That was why Steve had asked to see him, that was why Tony said yes. Talk. Tony glared at the man. Perhaps undeservedly, but suddenly he was angry. It was easier that way. Anger was easier than the cold dread that had been snacking on him like a woodworm ever since they'd agreed on the arrangement. "I can't talk," he repeated somewhat viciously and stepped forward, as if to block the way.
Tony vented frustration through sex, that was his way; Steve kept coming back to that thought over and over again.
generally benign, but occasionally his eyes would glint more keenly and a remark would cut deep. Then he would be back at being his whimsical self, but there was always something sharp and distant about him. Steve couldn't tell what exactly, but it was very much like the way he was in the classroom. One moment he was explaining something patiently and quite kindly, the next he was making wisecracks about 'dumbing things down' on the side.
Well, that towel was what Tony had absently wrapped around his middle as he stepped out of the shower, just before the hum changed. Now he could practically feel Steve's eyes glued to his chest, his upper arms. The response that sprang to his mind was
“And then you got it under control.” Steve echoed; he reached out, almost as if to cover Tony’s hand with his own, then thought better of it. Folded his hands on his lap. Gave the offending extremities a stern look. Let out the air in a huge puff. “I’m so
Flying was what you did when you got too hoarse from screaming on the inside. Of course, boredom and alcohol had a hand in it too. The point was, he was an expert flyer, he had a license of the highest order a civilian could have, and despite all his stunts, he didn't manage to have it taken away. (This was where 'rich' came into play, he thought cynically). In any case, gravity notwithstanding, flying a viper couldn't be that different from flying a planet-side vessel. The controls were very much alike, with just a few differences. All he needed to do was get himself into one of the birds, and be himself, be brilliant, shine. Show Rogers and Fury and everyone he could be useful, indispensable. So the first impressions didn't really matter all that much, right? Right?
He found the drawing room Rhodey had pointed out to him, but it was empty and, although it wasn't off limits for the guests, it wasn't exactly lit yet. Steve expected it would be made more welcoming later in the evening, when the dancers took over the ballroom floor and the others wanted to sit somewhere quieter.
have a phone Really. But you could have a kiss instead," Steve blurted with a defiant look in his eyes for a second, and then he blushed bright red. "Uh, if you wanted," he added quickly.
the announcer intoned from the top of the stairs, and Tony's gaze wandered over for a moment, and focused; he caught himself smiling suddenly, almost imperceptibly. It will be good to see everyone again, especially Peter.
, and he was so very close, and Tony hadn't properly seen him in a very long time, and now his life was in danger, and all Tony wanted was to hold him as close  as possible. And also wanted Steve to hold
"I somehow feel I've been adopted already," Bruce stated with mild dryness Tony had come to recognize as his own idiosyncratic mode of expression.
He dipped a finger into the gel he was supposed to put onto the burn, then applied a smidgen of it to the edge of the reddened skin. "All right?" he asked, venturing a look up, at the Steve's face that was –
Steve glanced at the medic. "They did that already," he said, very polite and just a little exasperated. "I'm sure you have more pressing cases than me." The medic crossed her arms and Steve sighed and extended his finger as if wondering if he was ever getting it back. The medic stuck it into a small device.
that. He stared at Steve, waiting for a reaction, for – well, not denial, not that, but at least some kind of calling down; no, scratch that, a
"Okay," Tony said. And it was frustrating, all of it, because they weren't talking, really; they could as well be grunting at each other. As soon as they started to say anything real, they stopped and backtracked, both of them. It was a years-long habit, Steve supposed. Walking on eggshells. Always afraid they'd spoil more than they gained. But if they went on like that, Tony would fly off, and Steve would stay, and they would probably never sea each other again. The thought was searing. Every morning, getting out of bed, walking around Timely, going to work, dealing with Fisk and his lot – it all became just bearable because somewhere nearby Tony was sleeping in his bed or hammering away in his workshop and that later on Steve was going to run into him, as if by chance. Without that... it was hard to imagine his life without that. Without that, everything seemed gray.
But Steve had been so sensitive about Tony's inquiries, earlier. But still, but still, talking kept the darkness at bay and Steve's voice reverberated warmly in his ears, mellowing out something inside Tony and enveloping him in a feeling of safety he had forgotten was possible, and
Not emotionally available? Sounded like something out of a pop-psych article you'd scroll trough on the toilet.
He asks, unexpectedly, if I have one more journey in me. I look at him for a long time, then ask him what I did to deserve that and why would he do it for my happiness. "Perhaps not for yours," he says, faux cryptic.
The air in his cell was stagnant, like a deep, dirty underground lake. Everything stayed the same. What changed, at one point, was the sound. He became aware of it only gradually. He had been asleep, and then he wasn't. Sometimes it was hard to tell the difference. He
STARK: And if the Earth is ever in a global danger again, our present disagreements aside... If Earth is ever endangered again, I promise you we will come together, to your defense, for your protection, and we will do our best, and die if need be, and do whatever is necessary to keep you safe if we can. And it sounds far fetched now, because we are human, we forget. New York was just four years ago. But we forget and we deny, it's... it's how we work, right? Otherwise we'd all go crazy and run for the hills. Never dare to look out the window ever again. I have PTSD, did you know? We try to forget, and we move forward, and we look into the future, and hope. We, as a nation, as a species, we still send probes into space. We still look up and see, not the scary hole in the sky, but a thousand, a million shining stars, and maybe other planets, and maybe other options, a vast, galactic expanse of options; and we still get excited about the future. Why? Because being scared is no fun. Because we need to survive and move on.
Because, it means everything to him that they can now joke around with each other. Even though not everything that needed healing is yet healed, even though a lot of talking has yet to be done, there is a fundamental understanding between them, or at least a fundament for a fundamental understanding, so to say; and they both know that, whatever else may be true, they mean the world to each other.
He stood there, in front of Steve's barrel, hands held high, palms out, and took in Coulson and Melinda May and Daisy and Maria Hill. They looked older, and no wonder, and a little sheepish perhaps. They looked safe, also, and familiar, and Tony would have enjoyed the sight of them a hell of a lot more
, if just the once. He'd know what Steve felt like under his hands, warm skin against skin, Steve's lips pressed against his...
The air around them was chill, but the sun was warm on their faces. The wind kept trying and giving up. Still, Tony was mildly irritated that Steve stubborny refused to wear a beanie or at least an earband. They sat side by side, their knees casually touching. How could so much heat radiate through layers upon layers of fabric? No, it must be a weird side effect of the stim shot. They hung between the earth and the sky; sightseeing in a limbo. From their vantage point in the ski lift chair, the landscape unfurling beneath them looked like something Hans Christian Andersen would gladly fuck up with an allegorical tale.
Something in Tony's stomach shifted to make room for a surprising little prickle of warmth as he regarded Steve taking off his onesie, still all flushed from the exertion and the cold. His eyes glinted in the firelight. Having him here was... not an act of rebellion, precisely.
to try. Still, not everyone was a hands-on type like he was, and not everyone had his experience. He could
Steve's face is only inches from his own, and Tony's head is reeling. Tony swallows, shoots back: "Gum drop."
Steve, who usually had patience with people, for some reason kept snapping at Tony. Maybe because he was so hyperaware of his presence. He turned to Tony – Tony, who was fussing over Louis, obviously concerned. Tony who had been snippy and smart-mouthed, but obviously wasn't a coward. Everyone had their own way of dealing with nerves, and Steve should have been more understanding. Still, something in Tony's attitude needled him so. It seemed they always got off on a wrong foot, in any situation. Steve remembered his flustered cheeks when Tony in a towel started invading his personal space. Whatever foot they started on, it turned into a wrong foot in a very short span of time.
And right now, as they shook hands – very properly – it was the same as with those stupid messages. Tony had no idea what Steve thought, what Steve felt. For a moment there, as his hand lay in Steve's, Tony thought Steve was going to cover it with his left too, and...
But then Tony covers Steve's hand with his own and squeezes. He turns his head then, eyebrows raised, and shakes it at Steve, as if to say
And as much as Tony wanted to dismiss this, he had to admit it made a certain convoluted kind of sense. Besides, it didn't matter if he agreed with it or not. It was Steve's decision. This was what Steve wanted, and Tony could only be grateful he finally had an explanation.
Steve didn't know who was in the suit of armor." He gave Natasha a haunted look. "He didn't know. And I couldn't stand the idea that he didn't know the real Tony. I saw his memories – it felt like it had all happened to me." He tried for a brittle smile, but it didn't convince Natasha he was all right, which was probably what he was going for. "And not knowing Tony, it just... It made the world seem smaller, in a way. Insufficient. I don't know." He seemed to be puzzling over his own words for a moment, then shrugged. Met Natasha's eyes. "And I had almost killed him..." Seemingly oblivious to what he was doing, he clutched at his stomach, almost as if he was going to throw up.
It had been – looking back now – so easy. An easy life. Not just his breezy existence on the warm and glamorous Virgon. No, even after the Cylon rebellion happened, Tony had been rather safe behind the lines. He'd felt guilty about it, but, as had been pointed out to him repeatedly, rudely, and above all correctly, he was not army material. It had made him somewhat sad at 18. Still, his father's disappointment had made up for it. After the war with the Cylons began, he'd contributed in other ways.
It took them nine whole days to find Steve, wet and shivering from being repeatedly dunked into a freezing stream. His ropes were cruelly tight and he was pretty badly beaten too. The Pengwernian raiders had been after information, it seemed, and had no idea who they had actually laid their hands on. Needless to say, Steve had told them nothing. And paid for it.
When Steve walked into the room, a tray with tea and salty biscuits in one hand, Tony was in bed, still in his bathrobe. Light and shadows from the fire chased one another around the furniture; the brightness from the StarkPad Tony was working on fell upon his face like a spot of moonlight. The mildly feverish look made him appear more lively somehow; it suited him well. It wasn't at all fair, really.
, for whatever reason, it didn’t matter, just to have him by his side, just to be near him; and he wanted to reach out and grasp Steve’s hand (warm and dry like the sunlight itself) and to not let go; he wanted to unsay all the stupid, insensitive thing’s he’d blurted out, pretending, always
"Hey, it's only fair", Tony blurted, trying to make light. He shrugged. "After my towel fiasco, I mean," he added by way of explanation. He managed not to say
He took his time disinfecting his hands. When he finished, his breath came more easily and his heart had decided to chill the fuck out, thankfully.
Tony's come and the leather tails hit him at the same time. Exhilaration and pain wash over his groin, swipe him away, and then he's coming himself, gasping, yelling. And yet, that feeling of almost-there-but-not-quite is still present. He
They slept. When they woke up, they did have a talk with Fury, who was amenable to the idea of Steve coming along, and who, as Tony later claimed, looked a bit taken with Steve, even. (To be precise, he grunted noncommittally at Tony's inquiries regarding Steve; Tony insisted this was a very good sign.)
Tony, and I was sure of one thing, if nothing else: I liked him a lot. Still, saying it so that he would understand seemed to be a challenge. "I would like to spend time with you," I tried again, lamely. "If you want, that is. I never... We, Tony and I, we never really did that, and maybe that's what almost cost us... everything. I..." I was aware I was not doing a great job here. "Tony, I..."
Natasha nodded towards the pair of warriors walking away together. "You didn't perchance use a Cupid's arrow on them or something?"
, Tony had said. Well. Maybe he just wanted to kiss someone – anyone – one last time before he died. Steve had witnessed people do stranger things on the eve of battle.
Very gently, Steve put his foot back down. "Well," Tony said, out of pure revenge for being made to feel all this, "that sure did a lot of good." He felt like a piece of shit immediately afterwards, as Steve reflexively lowered his eyes, although, practically speaking, the action made no difference. His facial expression could change from open and earnest to stoic and closed up in a fraction of a second. It drove Tony crazy. This time it also made him feel a lot like a villain. "When we get out of here," he said, almost mildly, "the first thing I'm going to do is have Helen Cho take a look at your eyes." He liked it better when Steve retorted than when he apparently felt stupidly guilty over the fact he couldn't create a splint for Tony's foot out of goodwill and stale air or whatever. "Maybe Helen can, ah..."
By the expression on Strange's face I know he knows I'll accept. Maybe my eyes grow a bit brighter. Maybe my back is a tad straighter. I do feel like I've lost a couple of pounds off my shoulders.
"Tony, god..." Steve panted, grabbing his ass, pulling him close again, grinding against him. The only thing separating them now was the thin fabric of their boxers, and Steve hated that fabric with a passion.
Even though I'd be the first to admit a certain kind of electricity existed between the two of us, this was hardly what I'd had in mind.
She was bench-pressing, as per usual. Steve took up the neighboring bench. The gym was pretty tiny –
Tony could be very good at The Game. Granted, he  was usually too impatient and rash to bother with it; but now, somehow, it practically played itself. He wasn't sure how he even got into it. He wasn't sure what he was hoping to achieve. But every encounter, every exchange between him and the Captain became his playground. The way they apparently didn't know how to talk to each other, things had to stay nonverbal most of the time, but perhaps that made The Game even more interesting. Tony would look up into Cap's eyes through his eyelashes, then down, instantly down. He'd bite his lower lip thoughtfully; hold it between his teeth for a moment, then release it. He'd let a tiniest of smiles play upon his lips – sometimes a dry smirk, and sometimes something playful and way more personal.
"No," Tony said at once. "Wherever did you get the idea? Because I keep mentioning her? We were married. I can't just..."
Tony: And I can see the point of Clint doing this, oh, I'm just a poor guy with no super powers, your average joe bullshit. Not bad, Barton, not bad. Tell him hi from me.
, he thought, weak, incapable to move. He listened to Steve's heavy breathing, and felt the warmth of his back against his stomach and his chest and his cheek, so intimately pressed to that comfy spot between Steve's shoulder blades.
He'd been going for vitriol, but he thought he just ended up sounding like a bitter old man, feeling sorry for himself. He
was too much, burning on the inside, threatening to swallow him whole – he just stopped feeling things. The scalpel was so sharp, you wouldn't even register it go in.
Still, the moment Steve stepped through that door, alarm bells went off in Tony's head. It wasn't just about letting him go. Letting him go was sad, sure, but letting him go with a lie felt decidedly wrong. Tony needed to let him know who he was, and he needed to let him know he was aware who
Steve leaves Tony with his daughter and his ex-wife, but as he looks back over his shoulder, their eyes meet and Tony mouths 'later'. Steve is overwhelmed with an unsolicited, warm idea that all the laters could possibly be theirs from now on. He supposes he is crazy. Oh well.
"If I ask you to lend me some clothes, you're going to tell me to get the hell back to bed, right?" Steve asked, finding the time for an amused twitch of the eyebrows. Still, he sounded urgent more than anything else.
"I can take a lot, I know that much," he says in a very low voice. "Go slowly at first, I guess. But I'm interested in everything."
No, seriously, he had to stop walking around half-naked. This was ridiculous. But, "Shower," he muttered, and "No time". He waved his hand dismissively, firmly deciding to forget the fact he was standing there with practically no clothes on. With Steve of all people next to him. Close. So very close.
Tony could still just shake off this feeling, this warm glow in his  gut, or he thought he could, but he didn't
say only turned Steve's cheeks a warmer, pinker hue. And it was a stupid comment, stupid. Tony should have played it cool. He felt his own face  heat up in response, although he wasn't prone to actually blushing, thank gods.
And so it went on. Standing so close to each other. Still, not moving forward, not an inch, neither of them. Tony would have thought being near Steve would be enough – ah, the little lies he told himself at night – but now it wasn't,
Hand-rubbing sounded unduly interesting to Steve. But not just that. The... genuine care – ha had no other word for it – in Tony's voice was unraveling something inside him. He'd met many people since he'd come here, and some were really kind, and more of them were just people, a mixed bag of good and bad, and you had to do your best to see the good parts because otherwise you'd go crazy. Still, his loneliness in this time, in this place, was a proud beast that held its ground. Sometimes it would lie low, but it was mostly just lurking, ready to pounce, never withdrawing completely.
Tony: Skipping ahead through all the shit I want to say but I'm not going to, why in the name of hell would you think that and WHEN exactly would I have managed to?
, not before he’d been at least filled with Steve’s cock, fucked properly, if for a few minutes. And he
Who else, Natasha reflected, would decide to put his life in the hands of a mystery knight in reddish armor, a self-titled Iron Man, who refused to show his face or share his name? And, what's more, who would go on trusting him implicitly against all the good sense even after he revealed himself to be Anthony Stark, the estranged son of king Howard of Northumbria, Steve's greatest foe at the time?
But it wasn’t a real panic, more like an expectation of panic that never came. And, in contrast to all the times that day he’d heard blood roar in his ears, he now felt strangely at peace, strangely sated. His muscles were still languid and watery, but his thoughts were back to passably clear.
awkward wasn't possible, and at some point things had to start looking up when there wasn't any more
"What's going on with you anyway?" Tony muttered, after shaking an offered, unidentified hand and trading a pair of fake smiles with someone or other.
Another day, another dormitory, Tony mused. Hazing was a part of this, he knew that much, but he was too old for that shit. At 18, sure, he'd gone through it. He'd grinned, partook in a few prank wars, won more often than not. Now all he wanted to do was sigh. He hadn't slept last night. He'd never been too good with excitement and waiting, so he'd spent the night in the landing bay – again – saying good bye to the engines and sorting the repaired and salvaged parts in a more comprehensive manner in order to kill time. Waiting for the results of the test. The feeling was same as 20 years ago; he didn't particularly like it. And now the hazing again.
"I'm not sure that we are friends, exactly" he says, and he is instantly sorry, but perhaps these are days for the truth.
splurge a bit, actually. You don't happen to have one of those honeymoon suites available, maybe? I know it's last minute and all, but I thought we'd ask."
. And Steve would hate every minute of it, because he would feel guilty, but he'd know he'd do it again in a blink. He'd always rather rush into danger himself than send someone else to do the job, always, always.
The latest occurrence had been just hilarious, really. It had been around 7 pm, he surmised, when he slid into sticky sleep at his desk – it happened to him quite a lot of late. It was the kind of sleep from which you woke with glue in your eyes and a crick in your neck, and also with a vague memory of a dream in which your... in which
Slowly, using just his fingertips, Tony spread the gel all over the burn area in small, rhythmic circles. The gel was cool against his skin. Steve's arm was, by contrast, like a hot stove. As Tony worked to cover the injured forearm with the thick, viscous gel, Steve closed his eyes for a second, his eyelids fluttering. Tony
These were hurried, practical touches, however. Like... checking him for injuries or something? Still, it didn't make much sense.
Steve shrugged. "I had no one to call. Sam's still in Wakanda," he added, as if by way of explanation.
Tony: Look, things happened. Ross has me followed. Everything around here is tapped, except for the important and not-so-obvious communication methods (I mean, don't worry, everything's scrambled, my infosec is state of the art). I made Rhodey go to a French spa so that he wouldn't have to be a part of this. He's going to be majorly pissed when he finds out what's going on.
"Trust me, I'm no happier than you are to be here." Steve sounds annoyed. Good. Misery loves company.
did. Later on, when we talked. So, I'll tell you the same thing that I told him: You could have called too."
"You call this not attracting notice?" Steve hisses at him reproachfully as soon as they are done and away (as soon as Tony has gotten his way, that is).
Tony: I just can't manage to have a philosophical discussion about the nature of democracy and its beautiful imperfections while my head is killing me like this.
True, that. I suppose I did tend to move about her house, peering at things, muttering to myself about her curtains and all the other ways their version of the cottage differed from ours.
Because he was, he was, it was time he admitted it to himself finally. He was so far gone there was no way back now. Did he want to get into that with Peter Quill, who had just tried to take their casual flirty thing to the next level? Well, not really.
Tony had indeed told Steve about all of this – once, when he was very drunk – and even though Steve believed him,
"I honestly didn't think this would work," the blond said and waved his hand around vaguely. The bodies of unconscious men strewn around looked somehow merry and in the spirit of the season.
The man tried to pull himself up, and somehow, in the way his legs methodically pounded at the water, trying to propel himself out and up, in the way he attempted to heave his upper body onto the ice, Tony momentarily recognized Steve.
Now, almost gently, he pushes Steve's right leg down – apparently it'd been curled up against his stomach. It's now still bent at the knee, but Steve's foot is resting on the bed (it's an unexpected relief for the muscles). Tony's arm is under it, his two fingers still inside Steve, but now immobile.
If we were correct in our assumptions, it was still us, back then – I mean, the divergence hadn't happened yet, so when I said
"Look, I know I wasn't..." Steve began hesitantly. Evidently reconsidered, tried again. Tony could just picture his brows drawing down.. "Listen, Tony. I don't know how to put this. I don't really want to talk about it, that's all."
wasn't a big ship – and, air recyclers notwithstanding, seemed to sport a permanent stench of sweat and, for whatever reason, old bean stew.
"By human behavior I take it you mean yours?" Bruce stretched halfheartedly, rubbing his eyes. "And did you – what, hack into my
about him seemed a little dampened to me, coming to think of it, a bit quieter than what I was used to, with Tony. Was this the toll of the war or was he like that in this timeline, I wondered.
Tony gave me an unimpressed look. A bit too unimpressed, as if he needed to compensate for his moment of vulnerability. "Right. I think your breakfast needs you, by the way."
They had bought some time with that booby trap that went boom, because no one was shooting at the lock now. Still, it was boot against wood, and the wood was old. Won't be long now.
During the battle, both Steve and Tony go for the gauntlet, but it's Natasha that snatches it away and puts it on in the end. Both Steve and Tony are at her back, touching her shoulder, her arm, trying to share the load. They shake with power and agony. At Thanos' words, Natasha just arches a perfect eyebrow and snaps her fingers; she doesn't deign his line with a response.
Tony: But, as I was saying, when I lash out, two seconds later I already don't want to hurt  you any more. I don't want to have hurt you. I hate myself for having done it. I just wanted to tell you that, so that you'd know.
Now, what he had for Stark weren't feelings – not emotions, surely. He didn't even know Tony for real, not what kind of person he was, not what kind of opinions he held. But the man was like a tiny hurricane that came and took over Steve's life. It almost felt as if Steve stood by, on the side, in the bleachers, spreading his arms helplessly and wondering what that idiot in the field – namely, himself – was doing down there. (Steve had liked playing softball, while they still had things like softball fields... and sports... and, well, ground. ) Stark had sneaked up on him, somehow, and made his existence known. Half the time Steve couldn't tell if what he was doing to Steve was on purpose or not. Sometimes it obviously was. At other times – it very evidently wasn't.
needed him. They needed anyone who could be taught to sit in the cockpit and not crash into the mothership while trying to turn
But Steve’s gaze was soft around the edges, and he kept giving Tony these long imploring looks, and he seemed less inclined to bicker than before. And there was this
was dealing with corruption, with criminals protected by legal structures, with what a normal police couldn't or wouldn't deal with.
"It's not abnormal to be confused," Tony told him, with a healthy dose of forced calm. What Friday told him reassured and grounded him. That was what he should keep in mind – that Steve's readings were almost normal. The serum had kicked in. Steve was going to be okay. "You are going to be okay," he repeated aloud, even though he wasn't positive as to which one of them he was trying to reassure. "And it must be your PTSD acting out as well. And no wonder. Please don't say you're 'fine'."
remove his hand, then, but it settles around Tony's waist instead. The gesture seems so natural and effortless on Steve's part that the first thing Tony thinks is
in any case; but those visions sure had a way of messing with your  hippocampus. Tony concentrated. The boy was saying something on the lines with: "It gets weird though when you act like you’re my dad…"
Tony turned to Rogers. "There's your answer then," he said, and added, "Captain," to stay on the safe side, even though it was evidently too late for that.
Steve returns a level look. Then, never changing his expression, he smacks Tony soundly on the ass – so soundly that Tony jumps a little and yelps in protest. He shouldn't be surprised, though – he knew he was going to regret
to play cards." The irritability in his voice sounded almost childish. The fact that Steve found it equal parts annoying and endearing worried him slightly. He lingered for a second longer, fighting disappointment, but since he couldn't think of anything else to say, he turned to go. "I'll be in the next room if you need anything," he murmured.
Steve made a small encouraging noise. They had done this before. Countless times. They would brainstorm on how to resolve a crisis, and if one of them seemed to be onto something, the other would try to help him get there. The familiarity of the rhythm they fell into so easily felt both comforting and a little sore.
All Tony could do was lean his forehead against Steve's shoulder and concentrate on the feeling of Steve against him and try to stay on his feet as the scorching tide rose ever-higher. Tony came first, but Steve was finished in the next few seconds. Altogether it took less than eight minutes, and then they were holding each other and panting and pretending their clothes wasn't all sperm-sprinkled.
"What?" he said. "After all this? Really?" The anger had melted from his face. He wiped the sweat away from his forehead, leaned his hip against the back of a chair. Less of a show of nonchalance and more of a case of being too exhausted to stand. I could get away with taking him in my arms now, I thought. It was an opening.
Tony realized he was still holding his bag in his hand. Oh, for fuck's sake. He looked around. "So, I just pick one? Which one is Cap's?" he asked. "I sure don't want to usurp that one."
Now he'd enticed the mild-mannered doctor Banner too. Dragged him down here because he apparently needed a
. Everything around him always fluctuated. He needed his constants. The star-spangled jackass always being cleanly shaven was one of them.
He probably shouldn't have said that; still, he knew that, with Darryl, this would go not further, if nothing else.
"In any case." Tony poured himself another drink. "Can't say I'm sorry to hear it's over. Shitty things, wars, in general."
Still, even as he thought this, he knew it wasn't the whole truth. It wasn't just the breakup and the emotional turmoil. He liked Steve himself way too much, and Steve didn't reciprocate, surely. They'd just met. How could he?
After Steve assured him he'd be okay to stay on his own for a few minutes, Tony stepped out of the bathrobe, activated the armor and got out. He was back in no time, with the big shivery animal in his arms.
, because now, all of a sudden he did, it all made sense, it had all become so clear, here in Steve's arms: how much of idiots they'd both been, how blind...
was enough to jar Tony out of his reverie, to make him take a step back and collide with the bulkhead. (How he'd love to have Steve press him against that bulkhead, but that just didn't bear thinking about.)
These ropes would be a bit uncomfortable for Steve, perhaps, but not really bad; ditto for the handcuffs. The most of the bondage gear available wouldn't damage him. Tony stares at the collection.
Tony jerked in surprise, shot a questioning look at Peter. (But he didn't deny it, didn't know how to, had absolutely no idea how to get the lie
?" he echoed Steve's words from before, and that was all he said. He knew his mind was clouded. Steve's grip on his arm was like hot iron, and all Tony let himself think of right then was giving back with interest, measure for measure, burn for burn. Get Steve against the wall and teach him all about gripping and grabbing.
But Howard would have approved of Steve being here, Tony thought. Even  (infuriatingly enough) after everything that had happened. He would never
They worked well together. They always had, as long as it didn't require actually talking to each other.
The warmth on the crook of his elbow came from Tony's hand that lay there, squeezing lightly. Steve held his breath. He wanted him to never remove that hand.
"Aw, are you still bitching about the fact you didn't make the cut into the academy at all?" he said lightly, looking Hammer up and down. "
Both Tony and Steve had apologized to each other, via voice messages. Accepted. They proceeded to exchange small, unimportant news this way, on and off. Asked after each other's health. They would fill a few minutes with noise, then hang up.
The serum slows aging. That's one of its effects, it turns out. I wasn't about to stay and watch all our friends die off one by one. I went back to my original timeline instead, to give my shield and my legacy over to Sam, and to see them all young once more. You could argue they are not the same people I spent the last 40 years with. Four decades ago, I would have agreed – but, you see, that Steve was a different guy. He was me, but I'm really not him any more. And that – that is the whole point. Is me from a different timeline still me? No more or less than me from the past or me from the future. They say all cells in our bodies are replaced every seven years. Tony and Bruce always laughed at that one, but it sounds neat. In any case, our opinions fluctuate even more often than that. There is no strict definition of what constitutes 'me'; I'm the one who defines who I am. I went back to my original timeline, in order to see Sam and Bucky, Wanda and Clint, Scott and Bruce and Rhodey, and the others. I saw them, and it was them, bright eyed and young and going strong. I sat on the edge of the lake for a time and imagined a hundred different timelines in which he still lived and breathed and was being a dick to me, possibly. It gave me – well, not precisely hope, because I didn't know what I would hope for any more, but it did give me a certain kind of comfort. This is not a completely Tony-less universe. Many people who are him are still out there, and if I could send them all my love, I would. And yet, I missed him so harshly I thought it was going to turn me inside-out. I missed both of him, Tony who had been Pepper's and Tony who had been mine. Wherever he is, I'm his.
...,” he started to reply, but at Steve’s expressive eye-roll he just guffawed weekly. “Yeah,” he said. And: “Fuck, I wish I could give you some of my fever, it might help you stay warm.”
Tony: Is that what you wanted to talk to me about yesterday? A weird text-based intervention? From you? Really?
And then, seconds later, his body was pressed against Steve's, gently rocking to the tact of a sweet, folky tune Tony thought he recognized from somewhere, but couldn't rightly put a name to. Everything felt unreal. He could feel a part of him drift away and, instead of having that overtired impression of looking at himself from the outside, his consciousness focused on the lyrics for a moment.
." Steve knew his voice had gone was all weird and stupid, and he hated the stab of jealousy he felt; he wanted that to have been
It was too intimate. Every object in here tugged at a different spot in Tony's heart. (Every person here, present and absent, tugged at something too.)
...Steve's hands, and the fact Steve had been so worried about him that he started on foot through the snow that he hated...
"Yeah." Tony swallowed. Tried to think of what to say next, because his first sentence was, horrifyingly, starting to sound as if he was inviting Steve Rogers over for a Christmas party or something, and if there was anything that could make this situation more awkward, it was that kind of misunderstanding.
Sure enough, a fraction of a second later he did look back and he rose his eyebrows at Tony, as if in serene enquiry. It could have been absolutely nothing, of course it could have; Tony could have been imagining the whole exchange. But some kind of weird, dangerous curiosity inside him was piqued.
There was something nervous about the way Rhodey beamed at Carol. "There you are," he said. She reached up to touch his shoulder, just briefly, but for her that was plenty demonstrative. "And you," Rhodey added, turning to Tony.
"Everything happens somewhere," I said, not even stopping to think. "Somewhere out there, a Tony is alive, and he comes back home to a Morgan, who is waiting for him."
What are you going to tell him, he asked himself, because he knew he wasn't going to tell the truth, knew he wasn't going to disclose his emotions; how could he? It was unimaginable. But there was one thing he very much wanted to say, to ask, about everything that happened between them: What do you want from me? What
All the legalities of having Steve back in the U. S. have, when prodded and string-pulled into submission, taken shorter than anyone would have thought, but it still seemed long.
In the country, also, it was so easy to get lost. And Steve was a natural. He was a city boy. To him, all trees and hedges and fields looked exactly alike, and one wrong turn lead inevitably to another; every stream was, well,
Angry at himself, he hurried to the bathroom, picking up the candle along the way, to check if there were any antibiotics in the locker (there were, as well as paracetamol and ibuprofen and an assortment of other useful stuff, all miraculously within the expiration date – must be the work of Tony's 'people' whose missives about the cottage the man apparently never read).
It couldn't hurt to go look for the beast, he supposed. It would only take him a few minutes. He'd be back before Steve finished his tea. He'd fly to the hole in the ice, look around, probably find out the wolf couldn't be located, and that would be it. His own conscience would be clear too. He didn't relish the idea of leaving the animal freezing and helpless either. And if he did happen to find it, he could bring it back, put it in one of the outhouses, turn on the heating, and call a vet or the animal control in the morning.
Tony: It's not safe for you here right now. We'll have to come up with a way to circumnavigate that. But later.
“Yeah, about that...” Tony began. And a part of him that was all about emotional ultimatums wanted to say:
"We're trying to stay in the same biz as before," Fury explained curtly, "but on a lower budget and technically outside the law."
Tony's forearm is resting on the bridge railing; spoiler alert: the wood is wet. Tony raises the arm, tries to shake some of the water away; gives up. His elbow back on the railing, he lets his face sink into his hand, pressing his thumb and forefinger against the eyelids, hard. He's not crying. All his emotions are spent, and now there's only void.
The click of the door unlocking makes him return to reality. In seconds he is throwing the door open, and Steve is grabbing his uniform and pulling it on while running out, before any new, weird developments can take place.
– and there were other, more subtle clues too; the air, the muted sounds. He wondered if it was something primal in a man that revolted at being kept below ground, or if it was just his own thing about caves that made his breathing faster, shallower, more frantic.
And then they move on. Only Bruce lets himself look decently shocked at the news of the two of them together. After Tony triumphantly starts pulling out leftovers from last night from a bag, everything descends into the normal, food-centered chaos. Even with the new people there, it somehow feels he was never away.
, or he thought he whispered it, because his throat had never before produced a sound, apparently. Feeling like he might cry, he stepped back, stepped away.
As if none of this was taking place, Tony shrugged. "Well, Wanda redecorated back in 2k16. I never liked what she did with the place." Nope, if this was a competition at failing at pretend-casualness, he would be a definite winner. See, he could always outdo Steve when it came to shitty competitions.
"Nono, I... got a cramp," Cap muttered uncomfortably. He was such a bad liar it was almost endearing.... Tony had to
"Oh, did you two lovebirds decide to come here because you saw online that the honeymoon suite was available?" she chirps. "It's
"The other Steves and Tonys in the multiverse—" Steve hesitated. "Do you think they have people out there who love them?" And there, normal people could apparently say that word aloud. Well, cheers to them, he supposed. All he could do was plant another little kiss in the corner of Steve's lips.
There was this undertone of loneliness in Tony, and if anyone could understand that, it was Steve. The difference was, the lonelier Steve got, the more isolated he became. And Tony... reached out. He dropped these hints, or they escaped him of their own volition. Whatever the case, Steve knew what to do with it. The support group had been of immense help there. Even if  talking to strangers, it was just the matter of standing there with some form of interest on your face and occasionally making an inquiring sound. People who wanted to talk, generally did.
He shook his head at himself, and also in order to get rid of the dreamerly remnants. Started opening and closing the desk drawers. Finally located a stack of post-its, probably left there by someone else.
"So, did you, ah, did you call me to talk about the dolls...?" Steve began, and then he evidently remembered the beginning of the conversation and the reason of Tony's call. "Oh
Am I all right? How could I be all right? I  nodded automatically in response to his question, though. "Just surprised."
The gunshots are going to bring the local police very soon, of course, so the bad guys clear out promptly, and so do Tony and Steve. In the semi-dark and the confusion, probably no one recognizes them as the Deleon&Stirling stunning dentist duo, but it's stupid to risk it.
He was the one unable to think about the consequence now. A feverish thrill was coursing through him, a feeling of wild danger, almost like the one before a battle. Up until recently, everything about this night had been stuffy and constrained, twined together with his own feelings of inadequacy. And now, while everyone in the world outside of this coatroom still danced and sipped wine and twirled to one waltz after another, he was suddenly free, liberated, doing something like
Besides, in the darkness and the loneliness, it was easy to slip into their old patterns, bickering and occasionally fussing over each other; he could almost forget those other times that hadn't been so good and not nearly so amiable as all this. He pulled away and hissed with poorly controlled pain.
Weeks passed. Wherever he turned, he saw his post-its (multiplying around him like the glasses and bottles in that dream, for fuck's sake).
Steve seemed to be reading his thoughts. As he wiped his skis, very conscientiously, and checked them for dings, he said: "Is this where you are going to be hosting your corporate retreat?" He didn't look at Tony as he said it, and for some reason that was infuriating.
He frowned slightly, as if preparing to ask me something, but I just went on thumbing through the journals. I showed him one sketch after another, through the years. From them, you could see how I got to know his face better, how I got more skilled at catching those fleeting expressions in his eyes.  There was a drawing of him fighting an Ultron-inhabited suit with an ice-pick. Done after the fact, obviously, in rough, quick, vehement strokes.
Only, this was a hazing of a different sort. Less good-natured, somehow. Tony had noticed a few photos plastered to the wall near the entrance, as he walked in. Grinning men and women in the jumpsuits, with rank insignia. Very definitely not the men and women he'd been seeing around. And as Thor – a pilot who hung around the tech quite a lot – walked through the door, he touched a picture in passing. So. A ritual, to honor dead friends. It probably also included an element of organic dislike for the newbies who'd come to take their places. Well.
A frantic, wild kick underwater; Tony pushing away form him, shooting away; his head braking surface like an arrow; eyes scrunched up, mouth gasping for air. Steve was beside him in two seconds flat, wanting to hug him tight, the tightest, but not daring to. In the end settling for a light, fleeting touch on both shoulders and keeping his arms open in case Tony decided he wanted them. Tony didn’t. And
Had the gravity been stronger, the two of them wouldn't have been able to lift the debris off the guy, not without equipment. But, as it was, the gravitational field originating from the pilots' deck was weakened down here. It got weaker with the distance. It made their steps funny, bouncy. It also made the bulky, heavy wreckage easier to handle.
They were lying back to back, and after the first few seconds of embarrassedly trying to avoid touch, Tony gave up and just moved as close as he could. Then he proceeded to shiver, pressed against Steve's back, until the chills slowly subsided.
Something in Tony turned to frost. It was metallic and it tasted ugly. He wanted to snap someone in half.
"We all went through a lot," Steve retorted quietly. He seemed to be better able to focus while talking to Tony. Noted.
Tony: So I see you are now using Wanda for support in battle situations instead, yeah? How's that working out?
, something meaningful, but he had no idea how to put it to words and what came out was one big fat nothing.
A couple of weeks in, I'd also started feeling increasingly useless, and restless, so I kept talking about finding a job until Tony snapped,
The medic seemingly gave another order. Steve tried to argue, but the medic insisted, waving her hand at Steve's damaged suit. Up until now, Tony had been fixated on his face, on the alert eyes and the vivid facial expression that better than anything else told him Steve was essentially okay. Right? But now Tony took in the whole scene
When Tony is fucked up, he closes himself in. In his workshop, his ice fortress, completely alone, underground. For days.
"And besides, " Tony went on, because he was obviously doing something right. "I meant what I said about your eyes. Don't kill me now, I have to say this. We'll fix them; it
sure," and "I have a ring, too," and "Yes, I know, I found it in the drawer when I was looking for condoms," and then Tony kind of stopped listening.
This was when Tony spotted a green hand that tapped Rhodey's shoulder. Then his own upper arm found itself caught in a vice-like grip, and he was being turned around and then wrapped in a twiggy, branchy embrace. As soon as he was released, there was an insistent, none too gentle push against his thigh, and a furry hand being extended upwards for Tony to shake; and then Peter was pulling him into a one-armed hug, and then the throng of the others, and the hellos and the laughter and the chatter. Tony was happy to see them all, after almost a year, and
It occurred to him – later, too late – that the thing with the water was also inappropriate. Honestly, he didn't know what he was doing any more. He was going crazy.
,” he spiced up his words with a tiny amount of bluster, just for the hell of it. “And you’re... you’re very
Tony's steps were heavier, now, but Steve's hip was pressed so close to his own, and Steve's head was inclined so that it was touching Tony's as they walked, and really, it should all have been more awkward than it really was.
After that, it was as if there wasn’t much left to say. Tony sank a little lower into Steve’s arms, that were around him again – the left one still hidden under the blankets, the right one on top of them. And Steve rested his chin on top of Tony’s head, and they both breathed for a little while, oddly in sync, and Tony listened to the steady beating of Steve’s heart.
"I..." Tony started; stopped. "They probably changed the design over the years. I don't want to..." He trailed off, made an abortive gesture with one hand, as if imploring Steve to get what he wasn't going to say.
Tony: That if we're actually still managing to talk regularly after more than a month, without biting each other's head off, this is probably not the stupidest or the most harmful thing I've ever been doing. But to watch my ass because I'm actively breaking the law, which yeah, newsflash.
, he realized suddenly, and it was kind of amusing, but he was to devoid of energy to care about any of this.
?" Tony repeated in sharp disbelief, but then he shook his head. "No, never mind that." He thought for a minute, then said, in wonder: "You love me, huh? Let no one tell you that you don't have excellent taste. God, I don't even know what I'm saying. Look, I..." He finally looked Steve square in the eyes. Took a deep breath, evidently made himself slow down. He stared at Steve. "I missed you too, you know."
The rhythm of my own heart was choking me, and I thought I knew what it was, I never forgot: an asthma attack. But then I remembered: no, no, all I need to do is breathe. The heart refused to slow down, though. My fight-or-flight response kicked in, and my feet acquired a brain of their own. Before I knew it, I stood there, next to his bench. I thought I was going to crush him to my chest when I got near, but then all I could do was stand there like a log, doing nothing.
And Toy wanted to get angry, he really did, but instead there was something tugging at a corner of his lips, unstoppably upwards.” Come on, Cap, you can’t sit in the snow, it’s not done, you know that.” It was really silly, this fondness he felt.
"Time," Steve said slowly, "can be made right. If people want to. If outside factors aren't... actually insurmountable. Like wars and.. and catastrophes. But what is a 'right way' to love someone?"
"You should tell him.. He's a good guy, Tony. I think he really is. It's just..." Peter leaned to him conspiratorially, tapped his temple with his forefinger twice. "I think he's really thick skulled when it comes to certain matters."
The messages were sent almost half an hour ago, and he couldn't see Tony in the crowd, despite the fact he spotted some of their other friends, far away. Natasha, Bruce, Clint, Thor, although still kind of tentative, all seemed genuinely happy to see one  another again. Even Bruce had seemed almost at ease. And a part of Steve longed to go and join them, feel the old camaraderie seep into him, but more urgent than that was the almost physical need to find Tony, to
He took a breath, tried to shift his thoughts into the zone of the practical. Turned back to Steve. "You can see nothing at all? Not even light?"
At that moment, Tony had fully expected Steve to walk out of the room and vanish; in the morning he would have already been gone, skied off to somewhere, away, to his rendezvous point with his chopper, or all the way to Italy, or whatever. Scrupulously having made the bed and removed all traces of his stay. And that would have been it. For them, it
Tony: My other pet theory was that they thought to pressure and blackmail me through Pepper. Since, er, I may have semi-publicly bemoaned the fact that she's seeing someone new, some time ago. In my defense (or not), I was drunk. Not the best decision making process in the world, but it is what it is.
). And the eyes, and the smile, and... And Steve kept looking away. He kept drawing his hand away, more and more attuned to Tony's games. As if Tony's hand brushing against his was electrically charged. Only, it didn't necessarily mean something
"Cut that out, please," Cap said sharply. He was still polite out of habit, but starting to sound rather put out by Tony's comments. "I'll see about the survivors, yes."
Tony had a strong suspicion this wouldn't have worked had anyone else said it. But as it was, the woman shot Carol a furtive and completely unprofessional starry-eyed look, then nodded. "That makes my job a little easier, if anything," she admitted. As she turned to go, she hesitated for a moment, then spun back on her heel, a suggestion of an almost cheeky smile on her lips.
The battle fills Steve's mind the way the sand fills every crease of his suit. It's liberating to just be fighting once more, to know which side is right and which is wrong, to have a clear, stark dividing line between the good and the bad. It's also good to put his muscles to use, strain them to the full capacity once more, to be pushed to the limit and
And that was that, really. How could Tony say no to that? Heart reeling, he put the sweater on, and then he did his best to put one foot in front of another as he got out of the car, and to breathe. Steve gave him a once-over he must have imagined to be subtle. The guy nodded happily to himself, as if to say
Steve's right nipple is soft and practically untouched. It feels somehow lonely. Hungry for contact. His left one, on the other hand, is still throbbing, still full of blood; it's achy, but it burns for
Absently, Steve noticed Sharon had slipped off. He saw the back of her head bowing forward, whispering something in Natasha's ear, but he couldn't think about that now. He'll apologize later if he'd been rude...
Still. Tony had kept that room the way it had been when Steve left for Peggy's funeral, all those years ago. He'd ignored it's existence, he'd contemplated turning it into a sewing room or painting the walls dark purple or something else petty and ridiculous, but in the end he never touched it. Never went in either. And now it's all packed, and it's officially just a guest room. He should be relieved.
The receptionists clasps her hands together, and for a moment Tony thinks she's irritated at the delay, but her beaming face begs to differ. "You two are so
"You go tell Natasha to let the bridge know I'm down there. And put on some clothes." Steve spoke quickly, more decisively. "If I'm not back in..."
"Will you undress for me?" he asks Steve when he's done, and Steve swallows, nods, starts taking off his uniform. Tony watches him peel it off his body with quick, practical motions. Tony would tease every inch of that body with his lips and teeth and hands, and the fact that he mustn't touch is a sort of torture on its own.
"Nonsense," Tony muttered, unconvincingly. Aware of insufficiency of this, he jumped to his feet, looking around. A group of techs had spotted them and were coming over, damn them, bless them. Tony grabbed the nearest one by the shoulder, cordially, by way of distraction. "Cap, let me introduce you to someone. This is... Zeke."
"Are you shitting me?" Tony snarled as he wrestled a torch out of the hands of a particularly big fella that was going to set fire to the stable thatching; the red knight ran the man through with his bastard-sword in an unusual show of viciousness. "The Pengs are now working with the half-giants out of Wales
Barely two minutes passed. Then a small, muffled sound from Tony's direction and: "So, how far are you?"
Steve's heart sank, but he couldn't say he hadn't been expecting this. A perfect opportunity to nod and say nothing more on the subject, ever, but he had to see this through.
"Hey, my Mallory is cavorting through outer space together with the rest of my lost baggage. I have to remember to file a complained with the cruiser company, by the way. Anyway, so it's
"Yes, boss." Then, without prompting: "He went out without going to his guest room first. His luggage is still there."
They dozed off not long after, in each other’s arms, in a cocoon of warmth and safety that was better left unquestioned for now, like they wouldn’t have believed possible 24 hours before.
Tony shook his head some more, because that was all he was capable of, and he wondered, incoherently, if Steve could see it at all, with the super-serum and everything.
to think, after the way Tony had acted yesterday? He stopped for a breath. Because, if this half-assed attempt at reparations was going to fail, it’d better fail in a blaze of glory, not over the stupidest case of miscommunication in history.
"Oh, just toss it in the back seat," Tony said, shivering, and the guy seemed to get the clue. He folded himself into the car somehow. For a moment Tony was afraid he wouldn't be able to fit in. That winter jacket was making him look like a bear, but the height wasn't due to the clothing, obviously.
Steve pulled him back in for a second, and Tony let him. Just as the song was ending, Steve whispered: "Wait for me to come home."
Tony: I mostly sit here surrounded by some assholes, wishing I could see you right now. Just for a moment.
Despite the quippy tone, his eyes looked serious when he knelt on the rug by the dog's side and started crooning to it, murmuring nonsense. Quickly, he checked it for obvious injuries. The animal raised it's head weakly, then decided to push it's nose into Steve's thigh. The tail did a pitty-pat from side to side, just once, then went still again. Altogether,  the dog's chances didn't look so bad, everything considered. Tony wasn't sure how else to check if an animal is well-oriented in space and time.
And Steve put two and two together and remembered Tony's comment about how the ship is a freighter, not any kind of fighting ship, and so he asked:
," Tony was pointing out Fisk and his goons, still on their knees or cowering on the ground, "now, if you could take
But, since that wasn't going to happen, they could still have this one last night together, if Steve figured out what he wanted.
Steve was sitting back, his legs stretching in front of him for miles. Tony always wondered how he fit into normal chairs. He now gave Tony a knowing look out of the corner of his eye. “Me, sitting down in the snow,” he explained. “It was childish.” More tense than mellow now. Clutching the mug with both hands as if it held answers.
? Well, that had been taken away, right enough, all his agency had been taken away, and now he felt like nothing at all. There was nothing here to make anything out of, no people to try and manipulate, nothing, absolutely nothing he could do. After the initial shock, he kept telling himself all he could do was wait for an opportunity, but slowly, bit by bit, he'd fallen into apathy.
Tony: For obtaining information in the not most legal of ways, eh. And aw come one, I can never know what you're going to be judgy about. It's you.
It's heaven. It's agony. It's white hot shards of volcanic glass as Tony swirls his tongue over and around Steve's head. At the same time Steve wants to tear the handcuffs apart and slam Tony's head down onto him, as far as it would go, all the way to the root of the cock; and also he wants to pull it out and dunk it into a glass of cold milk because it's unbearable, it's been too long, too much stimulation, too much buildup; he can't stand this now, it's too late.
Together with the train of touching and bumping and what have you. He pinched the bridge of his nose for a second, took a deep breath, shook his head at himself.
Steve laughed softly. "Okay, Tony." What was this all about? Tony needed to occupy his hands with something, so he decided to cook? That was understandable. But maybe it was also something they could do together?
I can't exactly let go. I know I should, but I'm scared she'd just disappear on me and I'll realize it was some kind of illusion.
The razor in Tony's hand felt too heavy, and he suddenly hated the smell of his shaving cream. He was staring at the lime green post-it he had stuck onto his mirror last night:
He needed to talk to Tony about that kiss, because it had made Steve's heart swell and expand and float like a gas balloon, in those few seconds it had lasted. And now this... nothingness.
He did. And Australia happened two weeks later. The sun was warm, the sand warmer, but Tony’s hand at the small of Steve’s back when he showed Steve how
And then Tony is behind him. Several flicks of the flogger at his ass rekindle all the minty warmth from before. The hot tendrils of sensation are humming through him, aiming straight for his hole, hiss cock. Then pommel in the cleft of his ass jerks him from the dreamy state.
The raccoon he can't exactly wrap his head around yet. "Do I shake your paw or do I pet you?" Tony asks.
, Tony thought. He had walked away, and no matter how much he had wanted to look back, he didn't. Steve wouldn't. Steve wouldn't, and it was almost like a competition, he felt, a competition who could care less. He was very determined to win.
"I'm hungry," he said aloud, as if trying to convince himself that was what it was. And then, with a certain amount of surprise, he realized the statement was actually true. The thought of food hadn't occurred to him for some time - not counting the few blueberries - and now he was regarding it as a new experience, almost.
The lights steadied. The whir of the engine became deeper, more sonorous. The air purifiers were again singing their quiet song, but now it got stronger, vigorous, pronounced, as the motor became fully operational. Tony hoped it wasn't too late, but a feeling that was eating at his gut told him it was.
As a general rule, on a spaceship there wasn't any privacy. The dormitories were large, the showers communal, and everyone ran around at least half-naked at least half the time. The quarters were tight and you didn't have many options; sooner or later, everyone you knew was going to see your junk. You had to accept that. And yet, Steve, as a higher officer, had his own berth, his own shower.
On top of all that, the waitress very politely said she would actually like to close soon because she was pretty shaken, and Steve's motel was nearby, anyway (she knew because everyone knew everything about everyone around here). They certainly wouldn't mind, would they?
"It's not right," Steve said, and proceeded to explain about favoritism, about the effect on the other cadets, about the importance of
"Normal person weak," Steve decided after a moment's thought. "Or – not exactly. I get these bouts of the old strength, but I get tired really quickly. And then I stay that way.” He tapped his finger on his knee. Twice. "Are we going anywhere with this?"
recognize the fighting style. Plenty of skill, plenty of bravery, and a whole lot of recklessness. After their last bad argument almost ended in blows, Steve thought he'd never see this man again. But here he was, in Steve's hour of need: Tony Stark of the Northern Marches, riding like a storm on a horse without house insignia, his visor lowered, with a blank shield on his left hand. Did he really think Steve wouldn't recognize him?
Tony’s chest swelled with unbearable feelings. How much could four words ache all of a sudden, he wondered. And another part of his mind, the one that was usually on its merry way, analyzing this or that, produced another thought. Lust made people do weirdest things to you, wonderful or possessive or filthy. It made them kiss you and bite you and touch you and claim you and even hurt you a little. But only someone who loved you ever wanted to simply pet your hair.
"Tony, how's Scotty?" a concerned voice asked then, and Tony just about had the time to say, "Hey, Luis. He's fine, he's good, he sends his love," when Hammer absolutely had to surface from the throng of people and butt in.
"I missed you too, Tony." As replies went, this one was blueberry pie and stars and late night coding sessions and all the good things in life, rolled into one.
"I could see how much you cared," Steve said, his eyes piercing, and Tony was perfectly sure there was nothing of the analgesic fog left in his system.
Of course, it wasn’t Steve’s fault. Tony did his best to relax. He knew how too. Just, it had been years.
Perhaps two months later I was walking the streets rather aimlessly, when my feet carried me over to the Bleecker Street. Ridiculously enough, the Sanctum Sanctorum opened for me now, and I stepped in. The Ancient One looked same as ever. I now knew what a curse it must have been.
He lay very still, though; listening. No, there was no mistake. On the other side of the left hand wall, across the room, someone was moving about. Running through his options quickly, Tony decided he’d gain nothing by keeping still and pretending he wasn't there. If these were his captors, they were aware of him. If it was someone else – another captive – maybe they knew something: the time, the date, the reasons for all this; maybe they knew if the world still turned, out there.
And then it hit him. He felt an unwilling, unwelcome bout of giggles wake up in his belly. "Oh, wow," Tony said. The laughter was bubbling, threatening to boil over and spill out. He
Tony: Can we just talk about something else. Oh god, the light from the phone is killing me. Tell me something. Whatever.
I follow her with my eyes for a moment longer with no particular reason but to delay looking back. And then, finally, I trace with my eyes over the familiar curve of the head and the line of the back I know so well. I could draw it in my sleep. The first pang of pain and joy is too much, so I just stand there, my teeth on edge. I swallow and look at him. He's walking back to a bench –
"So, why are you here?" he asked. And his voice wasn't harsh. He wanted to grab Steve by the shoulders and shake his stupid ideals out of him and then kiss him silly, but his voice wasn't harsh.
, he corrected himself, peevishly). So did Steve, falling abruptly silent. The sound lasted for a few seconds only, and then the high pitched whine was back with a vengeance. The dull thuds resounded again. Tony swore.
Tony: Of course we'll be all right. It's me and Rhodey. We have decades of friendship under our communal belt.
Steve peeled the sleeve off. It wasn't stuck to his arm, but it nevertheless reminded Tony of a second layer of skin. He sucked in some air, audibly, in sympathy. Underneath, the skin was red and looked a bit raw, but it wasn't really that bad. With a little care it would be all right. The medic nodded once, to herself. For a moment she almost looked as if she was going to smile at Steve, but then she changed her mind. "I'm going to give you a little something for the pain, anyway, even if it's not all that bad," she said, and before Steve could say anything, she unceremoniously stuck the shot into his upper arm .
"The signal tends to be wonky around here, true" Tony said, compressing his lips. "But for fuck's sake, Steve, I thought you'd pop by on your bike or something. When the road conditions didn't allow for that, you didn't have to go all Robert Falcon Scott on me. Who does that?"
“I was going to try an intermediate piste first, get back into gear, then get on with the fun stuff.” His words were soldiering on, one after another. No one would have been fooled by his forced offhandedness. “And then do one of my fave slopes, which is a bit more tasking, but hey, I’ve done it dozens of times when I was younger. It’s pretty late in the morning, and you know what, yeah, you can leave whenever you want, obviously.” He knew he was gazing at Steve with way more intensity than his own words warranted. “But,” he went on, “you could also come
awkward and uneasy way of having unwanted attentions peppered upon him and not knowing how to deal with them gracefully? The other things, the way the time in the simulator felt almost intimate – it could all be in Tony's head.
"Meh," Tony said, insincerely. "Anyone can sprint." He leapt over a puddle and landed with a small splash, into a strategically placed another. He swore.
It took Steve all of two seconds to get into action. It was a sight for sore eyes, really, to see him moving around briskly, once again focused, once again himself. He just needed something to do, evidently. The guy's about to go down with hypothermia? Oh, simply give him some dishes to do, he'll be fine again in a moment. An animal to save? Even better. He was in an out of the bathroom, bringing some of Tony's towels. "You're the one who dragged him home," Steve threw back lightly."
Clint raised his eyebrows. "Is that some sort of a classical reference again? Cause I don't have your education and couldn't give a shit, really." He frowned. "Why, do you think they're banging?"
he asked himself that afternoon, during his lecture. He had to do it. He had to leave Rogers alone and move on.
, and that was even more personal, in a way. At first Tony told himself it was simply easy to talk to strangers, because it was dark and you were anonymous and you'll never see that person again. But, as it turned out, it was talking to
Every salve of polite laughter around him was like scoring a point, a dart straight into the center. Surround yourself with people. People were like a fortress. Surround yourself and charm and dazzle and
"Just what?" The underlying sharpness seeped into Tony's voice. Steve wanted to mellow it down somehow. Still, this moment had been stolen, unreal, he knew that. What he wanted... well, the two of them could have that in his head only. He
A pressure to talk seemed strong, and crippling, and the only way it could be conquered was perhaps by talking about something else.
"I apologize," he heard Rogers say. He'd never sounded so much as if he had a stick up his ass. "Please finish the exercise. I'll review it later."
He repeated it like a mantra, but it didn't keep him from being glued to the spot, there at the door, for a few long seconds more.
He shoots a defiant look at Steve, but Steve is just smiling at him indulgently. And then, the extremely annoying person that he is, his blond companion says: "Well, we
We hang out. Natasha finds an excuse to leave us alone more often than not. I've asked her not to do that – I love Natasha and I don't want her to feel like she's being pushed out – but she keeps pretending she has no idea what I'm talking about. Honestly, it's infuriating, in a very, very Natasha-like way that I've deeply missed over the years.
"What do we eat? What's good?" Tony asked as if he were going to be aware of the taste of whatever he ate.
would not be a disaster." She had a no-nonsense way of speaking, but at this instant she sounded almost mild.
"You," I said, because now we were where we were, and I relished in my new freedom to say it aloud. "But I thought you needed space."
By now all we're breathing is recycled farts and 3-methyl-2-hexenoic acid, which is basically body odor."
"The arm," he said. "All right, Cap?" His voice was all business, now – with an effort. But when Steve extended his forearm, Tony took it in a gentlest of grips, his fingers wrapped about Steve's wrist, his thumb resting lightly on the spot where Steve's pulse danced to a steady beat.
Tony: What if they trust you to be rational and strong; and then what if, at a key moment, you aren't?
Tony started listing semi-understandable technical terms, but Steve stopped him with a grunt and gestured to Darryl to tune in to their frequency. In seconds, the channel was overrun by techno-babble. Steve relaxed marginally. He spotted another rescue team, clearing out a huge pile of rubble, calling names loudly.
"Cap..." Tony said, wondering frantically how he could have momentarily forgotten that Steve had said 'drugs' and 'serum suppressant' of all things.
"You keep thinking of the people you're not celebrating it with" he supplied, point-blank, but with incredible gentleness in his voice. Was he supposed to say that or should he have shut up?
"Where are my clothes?" Steve suddenly asked, as if reading Tony's mind. And then, almost as a non-sequitur, "My ears are ringing." He was getting that far away look in his eyes again, and for a moment he blinked at Tony in confusion before he appeared to refocus.
Steve had reined them in. And that was almost easier too. He neatly convinced himself that he'd never have a chance with Tony, how could he. And then it was practically the same as before, the quiet longing, always there. He was used to it by now, and it was almost comforting. Whatever happened, he had that tiny patch of comfort in his chest, knowing Tony was out there; just knowing it was enough. (There was also a permanent,  sheer terror that something would happen to Tony, but that was a different story.)
something. But before he could say anything more, Tony slammed him against the wall, and then his lips were on Steve's, hot, taking, not at all gentle. The man appeared so
"Tony," the blond said softly. His voice was almost trembling with undisclosed emotion. "I think I can see the light sources."
Tony: And this goes way beyond politics, which is why Everhart is listening to what I have to say at all.
Tony let himself lean against Steve for a moment. "Nothing, just the old one, getting worse. Landed on the bad leg. I'll be fine."
, the note said, and seeing Steve with that expression on his face makes it hard not to stare. Tony swallows, forces himself to look away. He's been in love with Steve for years,
The smoke had thickened, but due to the curve in the corridor, Steve could see no flames in front of him. He decided to listen to his own advice for once and tackled another big pile of rubble in front of him. This one was especially tricky, and when he was done, he was sweating heavily. He sprinted forth.
. Steve suppressed the impulse to run over. They seemed to have it under control for now. Instead, he jogged over to Hope, who seemed to have subdued the nascent flames, and was taking a moment to rest. She at least appeared free to talk to and was much closer.
"Oh, for fuck's sake," Tony muttered and limped over, wincing at the shooting pains with every step. "Are you actually cold yourself, since you keep insisting?"
Tony: And I'm thinking you're probably right, you know. I never do it when I talk to Rhodey, you know? Not for decades now. But with Pepper? Oh, man.
This was when Scott Lang walked in. He looked around quickly and tossed his backpack onto another apparently vacant bunk.
"He was going to shoot Stark," Steve told Coulson, almost off-handedly, as he got to his feet dusting himself off. And that was Steve for you, one minute he was shouting calls to justice and insurgence, all passion and fire, the next minute he was cool as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening at all.
It used to be so much easier to talk to Tony. But, Steve had to admit, it was mainly because Tony himself had talked, and it was enough for Steve to just be there, and react, and say something now and again; it had all seemed deceptively easy. Now Tony was uncharacteristically silent (and awkward; and abrupt) and Steve couldn't figure out why.
And he wanted to. He was going to have to drive away and leave Steve here in an hour or two, and never ever mention to anyone he'd seen him, and all Tony wanted was to get to know him better.
. Steve wonders if Tony needs support or if he just wants company, and then he remembers – of course, he's supposed to be Santa Cap. Tony has promised Morgan she'd meet him. But it's not just that, because, after perhaps five minutes, when Morgan loses interest a little, Tony still seems reluctant to let Steve go. He captures Steve's hand as if Steve is trying to escape. Steve can feel Pepper's eyes burning into the side of his head even though she's not even looking at him, at least not openly. Maybe it's just his imagination. And Tony and he don't kiss, they don't even hug, out of discretion. Still, he can tell Pepper already knows. Tony wants to talk to her about it – about
It's raining like crazy. The skies are low and gray, fittingly enough, and the whole world feels claustrophobic because of it.
Through the drumming of his heart in his ears, Tony heard himself say: “I actually found butter in the kitchen, can you imagine?” His voice sounded a bit quivery, even to him, but he soldiered on. “And there’s a toast fork. But it looks more like a trophy weapon than anything else. Also, toasting bread over open flame seems like your idea of fun, so if you’d like some toast...” He waved towards the fireplace. At the same time, almost frantically, Tony reviewed the conversation from the past two minutes, because he must have said something, and what could he have said that Steve could interpret as... Oh.
, Tony had typed up a message to Steve – retyped Nat's question, actually. Then, a fraction of a second after he hit send, the idea seemed far less great and he wondered how much more of an asshole he could be in Steve's eyes anyway and why in the world he couldn't say anything normal like,
As Tony linked arms with his king, nominally to support him as he walked, and as they went to inspect the watches the way they always did, something clicked for her. Natasha smiled to herself.
Steve gave him a sharp look, more focused than anything in the last ten minutes. “Are you crashing down from the stim? Tony?”
Of course, of all the stupid ways to open that discussion, his mouth chose to start at the ass end of things. What he meant to say was something in the vein of: You know that on-and-off thing I think you have with Peter Quill – well, would you ever be willing to try something like that with
Tony: Actually not so much cooking, but chopping things. Because making things can also sometimes make you anxious. It's all the pressure of maaaaaking. Things. In any case, chopping, yeah. Different textures of different vegetables, and maybe some shit like being in direct contact with your food. I don't know. But it kind of works for me. Did you know I can cook now? I learned.
And now his new captain had to overhear his preteen catfight with Justin. A lovely first impression, Tony thought, on top of Tony's wild reputation from back home and the fact that the Captain most probably knew about his expulsion from the Military Aviation Academy.
It's warm on Titan, and it takes only minutes for your nose and eyes and mouth to dry out. It's too dry for you to even sweat. It's as if the place is sucking every drop of moisture out of you.
“It’s a cartoon,” Tony soldiered on, desperately aware of how good and solid Steve’s arms felt around him. “It’s called
The emotions – something between a ping-pong infection and an avalanche – were too much. A part of Tony couldn't take them. It just stood a little apart, and looked on, and thought: of all the unlikely things that have happened in the past few months, this seems hardest to believe.
STARK: So, this is... I am really happy to be here with all of you today. Thank you for showing up in such large numbers.
This time it was longer and less hurried and no one was actively trying to kill them right then. Steve pressed his lips against Tony's, first too hesitantly, and then perhaps too hard, when a flood of feelings he'd been keeping in check for so long swelled in him and washed over him, leaving him shivery. And then Tony was kissing him, and Steve parted his lips, and hoped this would never end.
one who sat down in the snow,” Steve shot back. That glint again, a blink-and-miss-it moment of insolence in his eyes, amidst all the tension. It disappeared almost before Tony could spot it.
And then he saw Steve. He was sitting on a gurney. Actually, he  was apparently trying to get up. A medic was getting into his face, repeatedly poking a stern finger at his chest. Tony couldn't make out the words, but it was pretty clear the medic wasn't done with Steve and Steve did his polite best to disagree with her assessment.
, he didn't say, but Tony heard it. "I don't really like myself when I'm like that. And it's got nothing to do with reason, really."
Cap's voice was warm in Tony's ears as he explained. For a moment, Tony was content to listen to the melody, the modulation of it. As soon as he realized this, he pulled up short. This had to stop.
Tony: Steve, when I lash out at you like I did on Monday, which I promised not to do, but I still do it
Captain raised both eyebrows at him, and Tony couldn't decide if he looked amused or not. "There's the 20 hours introductory course on astrodynamics and aerodynamics, 10 hours on in-orbit weather, 15 hours on engines and systems, all in the curriculum guide I have here." Those eyebrows never went down as Cap spoke. "It's all yours. You can teach it. I'll give you the specs. You'll have to review the material in your free time."
It had begun with a letter; there were two or three texts after that, soon to be replaced with voicemails. Steve wouldn't have chosen voicemails per se, but since Tony never picked up when he called, it was better than nothing. He always found a recorded message from Tony in his inbox afterwards, although he had no idea how it had got there. He was completely sure the phone never even rang. Tony would calmly apologize for being unable to talk at the moment. Sometimes gave a perfunctory reason, mostly not even that. But he never called Steve for real, not to talk. A pattern was emergent as much as getting beaten over the head with a hammer could be called emergent.
, specifically, that made a difference. For some reason Tony's brain wanted to hear what the guy would say more than Tony wanted to hear himself talk.
Tony breathed for a minute. I thought he was bracing himself to say something important, but what eventually came out was, "I think I saw a coffee machine in one of the boxes. Wanna come hook it up?"
, again and again, but instead he took a deep breath. He came closer, rubbing his cock against Steve's ass cheek for a moment, gasping. Then he bent forward, pressing his body against Steve's, stomach against back, and bit him on the shoulder, hard, unrestrained, until Steve hissed.
In the meantime, he had breezed through the tactics exam, and, to the surprise of many, the physical exam too. As someone who loved flying, Tony was used to keeping in good form. All pilots needed to, both planetside and here. He'd got a little slack since the whole disappearance-from-the-known-space hoopla,  but it was easy to get back on track. Some of the other cadets weren't so successful, but this was no Academy. If you flunked, you didn't get to hang your head and  go home in shame, no matter how much you may
"I vaguely remember reading some articles of yours, back while civilization was still a thing," Tony said lightly, pretending not to see his surprised look. Then he poked him. "See?" he said. "Behavior. Plenty more behavior, where that came from."
"The flight," Steve breathed, "was just fine." And then: "How come I never know what to say to you?"
"It's not your fault," Steve says, obviously seeing his semi-words weren't enough, but despite his best efforts, he sounds half-assed. "We got our signals crossed. It's not... I'm not mad at you."
Something else, then, perhaps. Something... fun, or at least not deadly serious, and, most important of all, something that wouldn't require him to have one-on-one talks with Tony because he just tended to put his foot in his mouth with him.
Steve inclined his head and looked up towards him. "I get the feeling you keep expecting me to say something cutting to you," he said mildly.
That Steve's sight was returning even further was... Well, it was something he desperately wanted to tell Tony, right
Tony: Well, he brought good coffee, but he kind of slammed it on the desk before me, so that I wouldn't read too much into it. And he gave me the mother of all sourpatch glares.
"True," Tony said and kicked the gravity simulators into gear. "I did have that recording from yesterday around here somewhere." He was grateful to his fingers – good, clever fingers, able to perform tasks with absolutely zero input from his conscious brain. They flew over the memory panel on the right, with the  list of pre-programmed exercises (Tony'd quickly outgrown those) and the custom-made scenarios, but there was no half-finished simulation in the saved files.
His voice was steady. Like a bright red ribbon in the snow. You couldn't get lost with that voice showing you the way, and Tony just gave way to it. He was used to Steve giving instructions in that unshakable tone – go left, veer to the right, do the barrel roll. Like in the flight simulator. Easy.
"You do know I'll have to carry you, don't you?" Steve said, still sounding needlessly worried. And yes, carrying made sense, no matter how undignified it was, because if they waited for Tony to limp his way out of here, they could as well set up house.
Tony's pace isn't punishing exactly, but it's somewhat vigorous now. It's as if, as soon as Steve is on the verge of adjusting, relaxing into it, Tony manages to pick it up, infinitesimally, or to change the angle. Like that paradox of Zeno's, Achilles and the tortoise, racing, racing, and
Their eyes met for a moment. Steve thought: He's seen things too. Maybe he, too, has his own unimportant little dislikes, tiny nibbling reactions to things that aren't real. And that made him feel less alone.
Still, this was just a fleeting thought. He glanced at them in passing. His mind was racing in a different direction. Darryl's voice, his words regarding Steve, were still cutting through Tony's forced calm.
"All these years that we haven't been talking," he said slowly, looking somewhere to the left of Steve head, "I kept hearing your voice in my head, Steve. Judging. Criticizing me. For everything."
"And you, what –  you thought it would be a great idea to just walk up to me in Central Park, just like that, and give me a heart attack?"
Bruce snorted in amusement, though, which was good, because it meant his resistance was being eroded. "We're in a
Tony: For my peace of mind, and yours, I'm now choosing to believe you would have told me eventually, and we would have sorted it out. I would have understood. The circumstances in Siberia, they were... tailor made for disaster. Literally.
"Let's go get some ice cream and wrap ourselves in blankets and watch movies. Jesus, Steve. You need to
Inexplicably, it hurt; it pierced Tony like a small icicle. He had somehow hoped Steve had liked him for
. But Steve was getting tired, and couldn't get close enough to hit anyway, and Tony had just a little ammo left. And besides there were too many of them; he couldn't blast his way out of this, and he had neither time nor the materials to cook something decent up.
tastes like shit or it's the tongue itself. Small sips. It's ages since he'd drunk enough to actually be hung-over.
Tony made all of one step away from the door, when the realization hit him, when it crashed home. He practically fell over his feet, throwing himself back at the door, yanking at the doorknob.
Tony didn't appear to be in too much pain over this, at least at the moment. He seemed to be over the initial hurt, and he was now able to analyze. He wasn't heartbroken exactly, Steve didn't think so. Surprised and disappointed at the outcome, perhaps, but not heartbroken.
"You're doing it again – the not giving a damn thing – but now I don't believe you," Steve said, and how could he sound both mild and stubborn at the same time? When exactly had they stopped walking and turned to face each other? How had they ended up so close? Tony could almost feel Steve's breath on his face, or was that just a draft? All of a sudden, he didn't know where to look, but Steve caught his gaze and held it.
Tony: I'm not mad. I can't say I agree with lot of his sentiments there towards the end, but hey, you knew that already.
“Hello,” Tony managed. His own voice sounded coldly irrelevant to him. The lying bastard of a voice.
And, distantly, Tony knew he was supposed to question this, be rational, try not to ruin things with Steve. Still,
Stark didn't flinch or pretend to notice Steve suddenly. He just deigned to look in his direction a few seconds later. For a moment, under the lashes, his eyes glinted at Steve. One eyebrow cocked up, although Stark still never moved his head to look at Steve properly.
"He's... coming with his group," he said, as calmly as he could, although he thought his voice might have gone a little feeble.
The way she says it, it sounds like a bad thing. And then he suddenly finds a different meaning in her words, and it makes him feel all the cold around them, right to the bone.
At that, he shook his head mutely, and I could read every ounce of grief in his face for a moment, before he wiped it like a blackboard. "Do you want something?" he asked noncommittally.
She put both her arms around his neck and pressed herself against him briefly, then gave him the softest of pecks on the cheek and whispered: "Hey, Shellhead." And that was it, the moment of softness, come and gone, and when she pulled away, she was as unreadable as ever. But when Tony turned to Steve, she pinched his arm. Back to the playground, eh. She'd be taking his sand bucket next. Okay, so she was trying to tell him something, but Tony hadn't talked much to Nat of late, and he couldn't be sure what.
Tony: See, you're still pissed, but I guess that's okay. Look, when I lash out at you like that, I don't want to hurt you. I mean, that's not what I want, that's not my intention.
Still, Tony wanted to tell him the truth – he wanted to tell him everything, really. It felt liberating – to present the facts and – oh, hell, could they discuss what was going on here? That would require actually acknowledging this
That was the dormitory effect. Put a few adults in a dormitory, they'll start acting as if they were in school all over again. Nothing to be done about it. He made an over-the-top contrite face at Valkyrie. "I didn't know," he said, picking up the bag from the bunk he'd previously chosen at random. There were ten bunk beds in neat rows and Tony looked them up and down. "They all belonged to someone or other in the past, though," he continued. "Which means I can pick none of them." And then, flash-fast, he produced his most charming grin and turned to Thor: "Maybe I can sleep with you instead?"
Clint slipped onto the blanked beside her and sighed. "Damp night," he said. "I hate the fucking fog."
“Can I help?” Steve asked, keeping a polite distance, and nodded towards Tony’s breakfast project. His voice was as expressionless as his eyes. Very calm, though. Kind of empty. Resembling the glass apples Tony’s mom had insisted on keeping in a bowl.
Tony (God, this is confusing sometimes) – came back to the Compound and shook my hand. Like setting a sprained arm; it still hurt, like hell, but all of a sudden, somehow, it was a good pain. That was how it felt. His Steve never had that, he never got his Tony back and it must have been heartbreaking for him. But right now I only have eyes for the Tony right here in front of me, about to quietly fall apart.
"Sure, Fido. It's here in the kitchen, by the sink." Tony thought his response sounded half-hearted. To distract himself, he looked around the kitchen, opened the fridge. There was so much
"Hey, that's new," Tony commented when he spotted a list that hadn't been there yesterday. He was proud of himself – his voice sounded pretty normal now, and the comment was offhanded enough, and...
Steve raised his head, as if to look at him, then let it fall again in frustration. His palms were resolutely flat and unmoving on his knees. It was the first time Tony saw him actually react to his new blindness in any way. "Because," he said, his patience evidently strained now, "it takes ages for me to recuperate. My shoulder hurts like hell from running into the damn door. I have
The realization slams into him like a sack of bricks: he's been using every excuse to keep touching Steve. And after that it's impossible for his mind not to stray to those few times they'd fooled around in the past. And, all right, that one weekend in Vermont, which was pretty amazing, but let's not go there. It had all been strictly no-strings-attached, strictly friends-with-benefits thing. The sex had been good, and it served its purpose, back then – to have some fun and get his mind off the fact he was broken up with Pepper
Tony forced himself to stop and breathe for a moment. He took another look around, took in what he was seeing.
Still, as Steve's eyes sank into his own, there was a moment of peace, of quiet understanding – both of them were there, miraculously all right, and the day wasn't a disaster after all, and they didn't really need to talk to convey what they were both thinking – we're okay. Everything was, for the moment, okay. The release of tension threatened to turn Tony's knees into jelly; hell, maybe Steve would even be in the mood to help him walk if he played this right?
“Exactly. And... Why are you making me say all this, Tony? You always worry about everyone’s safety, and you made me a study with northern exposure because you figured I liked to draw, and you always designed specialized gear for everyone...”
know that, because, see, the reason Pepper and I couldn't be together was..." He stopped, took a deep breath. "Huh," he said then, "I sure stumbled straight into this, didn't I. Okay, then, whatever. I suppose I should tell you anyway. Steve?"
Reed Richards and Tony had a history. It was mostly a history of too much competition, mutual irritation and a whole lot of open eye rolling. Still, they'd known each other for decades. When Tony showed up at the Baxter Building without even calling first, Richards just (as tradition dictated) rolled his eyes, beckoned him inside, and said: "What is it now?"
Tony thought he had made his peace with that, during the night. He didn't know why it suddenly seemed unbearable, but decided – once again – to act as normally as possible.
Tony: I sent him a message. Still no reply, though. Oh, I have a call I have to return regarding this situation, talk to you later.
"Go back to bed, you two!" someone muttered, and yeah, maybe they weren't being as super quiet as Tony thought.
A sharp clearing of the throat from the medic made them look away from each other's eyes, abruptly, as if they'd been caught. Steve compressed his lips and started unzipping his protection suit down the front. Underneath, he had a black tank top over a gray tee, just like everyone else. While in any other circumstances Tony would have made a comment to himself – something about it being a size too small, to the joy and happiness of anyone who saw Steve – now he was staring intently at Steve's right arm. The sleeve of the suit looked ripped. And charred.
Tony let out a breath, slowly. Steve looked at him. Tony opened his mouth, aware he was just standing there like an idiot, essentially waiting for Steve to take the rest of his clothes off. In the end what he managed to say was: "Hey, Cap. You all right?"
Toy didn't mind the question. What he hadn't wanted to do was go on and on about his feelings on the matter, his loneliness. He didn't want to hog either the conversation or his own thoughts. He'd wanted to stay in the here and now, with Steve. But, weirdly enough, right now, it didn't seem like Steve was asking him to ruminate on the divorce itself. It seemed like Steve was honest to god checking if he was available.
And yet, and yet, their time seemed unfairly short, and there were so many things left unsaid, and all of a sudden Tony had this urge to say everything he ever wanted to say to him, and had no idea where to begin.
He glares daggers at Steve; elbows him in the side, as inconspicuously as he can, because it wouldn't do to make a scene now, not in the super full hotel lobby. Steve
"Nah," Peter was saying in reply. "I like it how many people there are, actually. Diff countries, all that. Besides, I did get to see Sam and Kamala, so that's a bonus." Peter had shared a hospital room with both of them at different points of the war. "And then there's my Monarch of the Balcony" – Peter leaned into him a bit, nudging him with his shoulder, and his tone was playful and wry. It was straddling the line between the flirty and not, which seemed to happen quite a lot with him. "And that's a heavy weight argument right there, buddy. As for the music – you know what, I've heard worse. Speed it up a little, throw in the beat, it'd be perfectly fine. Although," he continued, "I do like my lyrics, if you know what I mean. But what's bothering me right now is,
Well, that was debunked now, wasn't it? Steve had rushed into the fire, alone, in a crappy suit, and done away with most of the aforementioned crisis. For fuck's sake. How was Tony supposed to deal with that? How was he supposed not to fall in love with someone idiotic like that?
"On and off," Tony hurried to correct him, then felt like a piece of crap for it. He sighed. "Actually, Pepper's dating someone. Semi-seriously. They were even supposed to go out tonight..." Then he stopped. What was he doing? Why was he so frantically reassuring Steve that yes, he was available, and no, he was not getting back together with the ex-wife? Did he intend to go through with this? With Steve? While everything with Pepper was so fresh, while his feelings were still so raw, because divorces get ugly even when you are doing your best to stay friends. This was probably an awful idea. And it couldn't possibly be fair to Steve.
Through all this, Tony kept these interactions at the sensory threshold. It was crucial to maintain a high level of deniability. And it was
That was just it: I wasn't sure. "Haven't decided yet," I said, and added, "ma'm", just for good measure.
Tony being Tony, he jumped to the next topic without much preamble. "Know that tiny donut shop on the corner of STREET and STREET? Does it exist in your time, too?"
Steve crossed his arms, leaned against the wall. Tried for nonchalance. "It's chicken." Then, feeling slightly guilty, he added. "It's from a can, really."
Well, he still doesn't have Steve, so what does it matter? This is exactly what Tony wanted, though, isn't it? This is exactly the way he planned it.
Steve did his best to be normal. Be a normal human being for once, he told himself, keep it down, keep the feelings on a low simmer; but that was bad, that was the recipe for letting pain show through the anger, and he didn't know how to deal with pain.
Steve's heart flutters in his throat, but he gives Tony a look – direct, daring, unwavering – because if they are actually playing chicken, he sure as hell isn't going to be the one to back down.
, like Tony hurt, and then to pull him up and kiss him again. And the cocktail of emotions that was surging through his veins was a fiery mixture of fury and hurt pride and desire, scorching its way through him. What was his hand doing, covering Steve's on his arm, digging his fingers into Steve's knuckles. Trying to pry it off? To hold it there forever? He had no idea. And he and Steve were standing too close to each other, somehow, and everyone,
, audible only because the complete silence reigns at that moment. And then it's just Tony, in his armor, all of a sudden, so achingly familiar Steve's heart skips. And he looks flushed and his hair is plastered to his brow with sweat. His eyes are incredibly big, as they stare at Steve's face. He shakes his head.
I did. I told him everything I knew. My Tony sometimes slipped a reference here and there – Morgan always says this, wanna know what Morgan did this one time... And when I showed an interest – because she was his, and I loved hearing him talk about things that made him happy – he talked more. Now I tried to remember every tidbit. This other Tony drank them all up.
And Steve's eyes, blazing with affront, hot on his own like a furnace. Staring, unrelentingly, at Tony's face, boring into him. The man was breathing hard. (Tony could make him breath way harder than that, oh yes he could.) Steve's lips were slightly parted, and he himself was standing very still.
And was Tony saying what Steve thought what he was saying, or was all of this a big delusion Steve had concocted in his head.
But, before Tony could say anything else, he felt Steve's hands move. Down Tony’s arms, in a quick, no-nonsense manner, then up. Then his palms were against Tony's chest, his stomach, his sides, and Tony was acutely aware how
, it had really been me and him. Still the fact that this was a different timeline and a slightly different Tony made it easier to say those things somehow.
They had both lost their jackets, somehow. Tony bit his neck. For a moment, Steve's tender skin stayed trapped between Tony's upper teeth and his lower lip, and that patch of skin and those teeth were the only thing that still existed in Steve's world.  Making a happy, muffled sound at Steve's shiver, Tony started trailing small bites towards the shoulder, leaving a line of fire in his wake.
It had been barely a second. Steve zeroed in on him, as if reacting to the sound. Made a step toward him; another. Then his hands were firm on Tony's shoulders. "Tony, are you all
Steve looked like he was breaking, and it broke Tony in turn, and all he wanted was to fold Steve into his arms. But they needed to have this talk, stunted and meandering as it was. Tony needed to explain, to make Steve understand that Tony didn't mean everything he ever said, and even if he had meant it at the time, perhaps he didn't mean it any more. Still, what he managed to get out, in a raw voice, was: "I think you keep underestimating how much I need you." He was staring into Steve's eyes, and Steve was staring right back, and Tony realized they were still squeezing each other's hands for dear life. "Sorry," Tony muttered. "I'm coming on too strong. Don't..."
He pulled a small table over, put the mug down. "Wait for a little while, it's still hot," he warned, playacting normalcy even though his throat was horribly tight.
Even thinking about it was pointless. Steve would never ask him to stay – in any capacity relevant to him – just like he would never leave Timely and come with Tony.
(in the real world! to each other!), or maybe it was really just his imagination this time, but he kind of thought he could sense Steve there, on the other side of the world. Steve who (Tony thought) didn’t feel so cold anymore.
Tony: And Steve, I'm not proud of my actions either. You probably figured that out by now, you're smart. But I didn't want to kill anyone. Or, maybe at that moment... I don't know, I honestly don't, but if I had... I wouldn't have been able to deal with that. You know that too, don't you. And to fight with you over it, half to death, Christ, it's stuff of nightmares. Literally.
The red details of Steve’s onesie flattered the sudden crimson of his face wonderfully. His voice remained admirably steady, though. “The snowboard,” he said with patience. Then nodded, as if to himself. “Yeah, the snowboard. I’ve never tried it before.”
When he got home from Reed's, he found a stack of post-its (Pepper must have left them behind), and scribbled:
"Not particularly enthusiastic," Natasha shot back coolly, but she went, and Carol said "Yes. There has been enough violence already. It's enough."
“I know what I’m doing,” Tony said, instead of admitting that Steve was right. And then, with a fleeting memory of lips pressed lightly against his forehead, he added: “Cap... if we could view this as a necessary investment in my mental health and stop talking about it?” Tony was aware his smile was tight.
Steve pulls him down on top of him and claims his lips for a time. "Strings," he says afterwards, "sound really good."
was one of them. The cruiser Tony was on ended up badly damaged. And all of them were, as far as he knew, in an unknown sector of space. Uncharted. The other side of the Red Line. So far away from the known areas that it was possible no human ships had passed this way before. Could they go back? That was the million dollar question. Was there anything to go back to? An even bigger question still.
"But you do think I'm hot, don't you?" he heard himself say, and then, since it was out already, he just plunged on. What other choice did he have now? "Just tell me that one thing. Just admit it."
Tony: Because I reread the conversation, and you know what, I don't feel like apologizing for telling the truth.
"No?" I say. I could never really understand Tony and Pepper as a couple. Still, for the sake of the first Tony I loved, and later for the sake of his Pepper I've come to know a little bit, I have tried to feel respect for their relationship, even deep inside my own head, where I question everything.
"Leaving?" I repeated. I was tired and sad and pretty slow on the uptake, so it took me a moment to understand what kind of
Tony: Listen, Steve, it's all fucked up. Even with what's going on with you and me, it's still fucked up. Even though I'm happy right now, it's FUCKED UP.
And Tony, acutely aware they will be parting ways right now, was deliberately forgetting to return the sweater, so that he'd have a keepsake. He was like a fanboy out of nightmares, he thought. He should stop.
"Because of Morgan," Steve replied. "And because you were together for so long. For more than ten years."
"Darryl's briefing the people about the damage," he managed in between labored breaths. "They are going to collect the relevant parts and send someone to help you."
– he shouldn't, but he leaned a little bit to the right, almost involuntarily, almost as if drawn by an outward force. His shoulder bumped into Cap's side. The feeling that shot through him was unjustifiably intense. His next thought was:
“You know, I probably would,” Steve said and gave him the significant look number two. “That’s not the point.”
Soon enough, they were lying in the wet sand, shallow water splashing against their legs and stomachs. On their backs, side by side; almost touching but not. Steve sneaked a peak. Tony lay with his eyes closed, seemingly relaxed in the sun. But the laughter seemed to have drained out, and the crazy, cloudy haze was gone from Steve’s mind, leaving a sickly insecurity in its wake. And what he’d dubbed
feel as if he was slowly dissolving, as if he was fading until there was nothing left at all. They were a fantastic party duo, the two of them, he thought.
"Nothing, You need to concentrate on the job in front of you, Stark." He gentled his tone. "Cut the chatter now, for real. Report when you see something relevant."
Steve seemed to be thinking about the same incident, unfortunately; because of course he’d had to glance up right at that moment, and see. “You really weren’t hurt? Back there?” he asked now.
And he lingered in Steve's arms, barely moving, as the high-pitched voice crooned from the speakers. "Tony," Steve tried again, but still no words were coming, and Tony was almost overwhelmed with a wish to kiss him softly, to tell him that sometimes speaking did hurt, and Steve didn't have to do it. But valiantly, Steve pressed on: "Tony, what you said... The last thing you... kind of said?"
Tony: In any case, Ross also left what amounts to a will, I suppose. Having in mind a hulk isn't exactly the same person as his human counterpart, technically Ross is as good as dead, or disappeared, unless he shifts back at some point. In any case, he left himself – the hulk, actually – in any case, he left himself to the U. S. government, to use as they see fit. As a member of the so called Supersoldier Initiative 2k16. If such a thing can ever be legal. I doubt there is a precedent for this.
This was becoming very uncomfortable very rapidly, and when the medic seemed to zero in on Tony, as if seeing him for the first time, he almost welcomed it.
"Give me your hand," Tony yelled. Steve blinked for a second, then seemed to come back to himself. He extended his hand up, and as soon as it was clear of the water, Tony grabbed it and pulled him up, into his arms.
Steve takes a deep breath, and Tony pauses, mercifully, because the sensations in Steve's ass are too good, too bad, too
Okay, here's the deal. I wrote that scene. I did. It's pure PWP, for your reading pleasure, in case you want to read it, and it's right
the fire, I was just doing some repairs, nothing wrong with me." And, since the babbling didn't seem to work: "Look, I'm not taking the suit off here, I'm completely naked underneath; don't ask." Because of course he was. He'd tossed the towel aside and pulled on the protection suit. Aw, this should be a huge fun.
And now Rogers was at the lectern in the briefing room. His voice was obviously pertaining to seriousness, but his blue eyes were dancing, his face livelier than usual. Tony'd seen him like this before – in the landing bay, right before getting into his viper: not cheerful, no, but energetic,
often does, at any rate, even if he'd never admit it. Or is this something else? Did he read the situation wrong? Is Steve backing out? Or is he kindly giving
It seemed they were all repeating the same questions at one another. Tony glanced at Cap for guidance, also hoping the man wouldn't notice. Thanks to the laws of universal irony, Steve was looking directly at him. "It's okay, I can take care of him. You go on, see about the engines."
He'd seen Steve a few times, before the final battle and after; they'd planned together and fought together, organized, coordinated and ran recons, first when absolutely necessary, then whenever it was convenient, and then they just... did it. It worked. It was so easy to slip back into old patterns when there was a galactic war in progress and lives on the line. But it was all business, wasn't it?
"This is completely unnecessary, Tony," he says seriously, but, with some reluctance, goes with the option number two. Holding his hand and smirking like a fiend, Tony practically skips through the airport. He imagines he can hear Steve simmering in the background.
And so they were back into the safe, familiar territory of banter and bickering, but now it seemed more solid, less shaky, as if their talk had meant something after all, as if it could lead somewhere.
Still, the weakness was so overwhelming that Tony just let his hand drop and he collapsed against the back of the sofa, leaning his left cheek against the cushion.
“No,” Steve said firmly. “I think it’s supposed to be about the intent behind the things. And I don’t know what’s in anyone’s head either,” he added, somewhat hotly. “I don’t think anyone does. That’s not... it’s not a measuring contest. You’re a good friend. You’re
, in any case. Steve was excited now, sure. Tony knew how unresolved tensions sometimes affected people. Steve and Tony were champions on that field; they would win any competition, any time. So, Steve got aggravated with him – big surprise there, eh? – and got jumped by a sudden case of anger turning into lust.
"This," Tony now said, pointing at Fury's black leather coat, as if wanting to change the subject, "used to be brown."
Tony: He said I was a little piece of shit for hiding things from him, but that he couldn't stay mad at me for any length of time. And that he knew I had the best of intentions, obviously. And to kindly go fuck myself. And to never ever pull something like that again.
he thought, as he bent lower and softly touched his lips to Steve's right shoulder blade, lingering for too long. This was hard. It was so hard  he thought he'd just die on the spot, and what walked out would be an empty shell.
The taps get a little harder, gradually, but it happens so slowly that it's almost excruciating. Steve can feel the warmth spreading across his back, enveloping him, making his heart pump faster. But then it's over.
And then Steve arrived, and Tony didn't watch him on the security cams, honest word, maybe just a glance or two. He was standing at the door to Tony's office now; Tony was feigning like he was putting aside some documents he'd been pretend-working on. He didn't exactly trust himself to speak. He thought, however, he could probably handle getting up and going to meet Steve halfway, which, nope, also wasn't such a good idea, considering how shaky his legs were.
, to be entirely precise, and it was starting to be too mind-boggling for Tony's tastes. Like two mirrors reflecting each other, all the way to what could be best described as
Tony: Maybe I'm being fucking vitriolic because this is the first time I'm hearing about the super-soldier serum, Steve!
When Cylons struck, Tony had been on his way from the planet Virgon to the planet Caprica, for a meeting with the relatively new council of the Twelve Colonies, regarding industrial support of the war effort. So was – to Tony's unending woe and amusement – Justin Hammer, who imagined himself to be the greatest rival of the Stark Industries. No one had sent a memo to the Stark Industries about that particular fact, though.
Steve's voice goes all quiet and earnest, then, in that way he has when something is important to him. "Is it just that, Tony?", he asks, and Tony wants to tell him to fuck off and Tony wants to kiss both his palms and cradle his head in his own lap. In a word, he concludes, he's going crazy.
The corridor was indeed blocked, a little way in. The equipment lockers along the bulkheads had broken open. Crates had floated from a side storage area and then crashed onto what used to be the ceiling and was now the floor. It was lucky, Tony thought, that the gravitational field from the deck above was weakened considerably, or else all this equipment would be ruined. Still, the field was still strong enough to cause some considerable smashing, and the grav-strips turning off and on and off again had made the stuff bounce around, which hadn't improved the situation in the least.
Technically, he'd done absolutely nothing. No, not just technically. He was guilty of being... too interesting while standing there. That was all. Steve kept reading into things. It was all him. Was it? Wasn't it?
Tony looks up, the motion of his head is sharp. "Too much?" he asks. "Parenthesis? Cap, you with me?"
Steve was now naked, covered in a blanket on Tony's couch. Tony brought a few more blankets from the cupboard under the stairs and started tucking Steve in better. Steve tried to curl around himself, bringing his legs down from the pillow pile. He was starting to shiver in huge, violent shudders, and for the life of him Tony couldn't remember if that was a good sign or not. Whatever the case, the best he could do was try and get him even warmer. He threw a few more logs on the fire. A hot water bottle would have been useful, but he didn't have one, he didn't think. He ran and brought baby thermo-pads from back when Morgan was colicky. Still, one look at how tiny the pads were compared to Steve's huge body convinced him how ridiculous the notion was. Steve's teeth were now chattering like a woodpecker, and he needed to do something quickly.
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Steve snapped and pulled his zipper down forcibly. He then opened the jacket and put his arm around Tony as they walked, wrapping the warm garment around him, so that both of them fit inside, more or less.
“So, what do you usually do when this happens?” Tony’s voice was measured and just a little bit slurry from the feebleness.
for the day he would enter a real cockpit of a real craft, be launched off the deck and shoot out into the Black like an arrow. He
Steve smiled and nodded. "I know, I remember," he said. He wasn't looking at Tony as he went on. "You did a lot of saving tonight. It's always been your jam. You just can't resist, eh?"
, the finger sank all the way in; Tony had impaled himself on it with his sudden motion. And he gasped through his teeth, and it
"Liar," Tony said, then flinched. Possibly it made both of them think of the last time Tony called him that. Tony certainly looked to be in distress over it. "Oh, for fuck's sake," he swore, not quite under his breath. "I didn't mean it like
I didn't think this through, none of this. I just jumped in and started talking about it without taking into consideration what it would do to him. It was going to hurt him, it might possibly eviscerate him. My first instinct was to cover up a part of the truth, to blunt the edges, but I'd learned my lesson, of course. Still, the thought of how deep this was going to cut tied my own gut into knots.
It took him a moment to identify the nature of the warmth in his chest cavity. He was happy that Steve not only lusted after him, but also wanted him in his life in some capacity. Tony was feeling
He  strokes the pommel down Steve's left cheek with a bit more pressure, then prods at his lips. "Open," he orders, and Steve feels the electric word shoot straight to him. He obeys and Tony gently pushes the pommel into his mouth, lets it rest on Steve's tongue for a moment. "What are you waiting for?", Tony says. "Suck."
,” he blurted. His throat was tight. Steve turned to stone mid-motion as he was getting up from the chair. Slowly, he sat back down. Didn’t quite look at Tony. No backsies now.
was there, sure enough; plenty of affection too, and a truckload of respect. Sharon was a very dear friend. He knew he was deluding himself, though. He needed a momentary escape from pain, just something else that would stir his emotions, and it didn't happen. Of course it didn't. You can't start feeling something just because you
Tony knew Lang, although they weren't friends or anything; the kid was pretty decent. Now he stood there, looking a little lost. Two nanoseconds before, he had been beaming at Tony in the tech dormitory, when both their names had been called. Tony didn't think Scott knew he was being hazed right now, and, to Tony's disgust, something akin to protectiveness rose in his own chest.
"I'm going to hurt your nipples a little bit, now," Tony says. He sounds hoarse. "Which one do we do first, the left one or the right one? This," he adds, trying for dryness, but his voice has gone too breathy for that, "is me, asking for your opinion."
It's hard. After what we'd been through together, it's hard to reset our relationship  to some point in the past. And yes, I'm still aware he's not the same man I was married to, but I've come to believe he
Steve trailed of, and, good god, it was as if Tony was fishing for an invite. He was alone now, so he was calling Steve, of all, people, to tag along with him to Romanoff's little gathering at the Compound? Good grief, how pathetic did Steve think Tony was?
"Look," he said. "The point is, Pepper was going to go on a date with the guy – a perfect specimen, by the way, tall and blond – sorry – works with kids too, a real stand-up person. And if I did a little background check, who can blame me? He's going to be around my kid? In any case, my point here is, she told me about her big date, and I didn't feel any jealousy over it. Not a smidgeon. Zilch. So, that's your answer, I suppose."
Natasha shrugs. "Their rocky patches, put together, outlast their good years, as far as I can tell. They were even separated for three years. They patched it up when Pepper got sick." She polishes off a bottle, then very elegantly opens a new one using the chair arm.
time he knew there was nothing to it, he was just being a crazy ass; Bucky had read him right, as always.
Tony: Okay. Remember how I talked to you for an hour and a half two nights back although I'm pissed as all hell at you. Well, I'm going to need you to reply to me now. No matter how much you're whatever at me.
Tony couldn't help but snort. "You said it, buddy. But, to be honest, I don't think I'm much better at it."
Maybe it's because they are on a field of battle – it's their magical place, after all, a place where they understand each other – or maybe it's because he's seen the way Tony looks at him, always focused on Steve, even when he doesn't want to be, just like Steve is focused on Tony whenever Tony is there, his world revolving around Tony. Maybe that's why, or maybe it's just a flash of intuition, but suddenly Steve is certain of something he's suspected all along.
Tony: Listen, I'd be happy to ignore the issue, but he's a big part of your life, obviously, and he's plainly important to you, so I'm asking, and there you go.
Tony considered leaving a note for Steve to lock up, and just sneaking out and flying off. At least that way he would be the one to go. That way, at least, he wouldn’t have to wonder.
have.) Tony had made Pepper a suit of armor – a weaponless one, and very functional for saving people from ruins; it was as basic and as beautiful as anything he'd ever made, really. And despite the fact that her identity wasn't public knowledge yet (to her affront, the media still kept calling her Iron Small and kept referring to her as a 'him'), she was now cheekily wearing a dress of red and silver that gleamed like metal and resembled her suit in everything but material. And, well, the cut. Still, a bold choice, Tony reflected. It was almost as if she wanted to be recognized, or at least speculated about. She moved differently than before too. He'd tried telling her superheroing was like a drug, but did she listen?
And then there's the cold pressure against his anus again. It's not hesitant this time at all, and Steve gasps sharply as Tony slams his index finger all the way in, filling him. "Back to work," he announces. Steve can feel his prostate ache for contact, thirst for the touch, but the angle is completely wrong. Then Tony pulls the finger almost all the way out, and pushes in again roughly. He sets a pace, not too taxing, but hard – he slams it in and rips it out, missing Steve's prostate on purpose. It burns and it's too much and it's
have sex from time to time, even if there was nothing else between them, it had to mean he wasn't... I took a deep breath. I had to know this. "Tony, are you married?"
Tony bit the inside of his cheek. He turned to wait for him, because it would probably be rude not to and because he very much wanted to. More than was good for him, in all probability.
Steve didn't look addled by the painkillers any longer, though. He had shaken off the effects in a record time, then; he must have an amazing metabolism. Either that or Tony had stayed in the landing bay longer than he thought. There had been a lot of people milling around, wanting to talk to him, asking about the damage, congratulating him. He'd felt almost as if he was attending one of his galas, back home. He wore his protection suit as if it were a three-piece, and he schmoozed with the smudgy and the bandaged. He smiled as if he was selling something, because that was what his lips did when he was thinking of other things. And all the while his eyes kept wandering away, looking for a blond head of hair and a pair of broad shoulders. He couldn't help it.
"I even meant it, sort of. That first time," he added. "Why are we talking about this, by the way, how did you even get me to start talking about this?"
But having him here, not a yard away, so keen (keen on what?), so achingly familiar - it turned everything on its head. No, Tony didn't want to talk about what had happened. Talking would just dredge up bad old times. There was enough of the past around them as it was. But he didn't want to think too much about the future either. He pretty much just wanted to have this moment stretch indefinitely, with the two of them, in an undefined juxtaposition, and the firelight and the dust and the ancient memories.
Fisk and his crew stood trial by the new judge, Matt Murdoch. Fury did dispatch a team to deal with Roxxon as well. To be extra-thorough, Fury decided to leave a few of his people 'on this godforsaken rock' for a little while longer, to additionally train the townspeople in the lost art of opposing and inhibiiting corruption, and pick them up again on his way back from the next job.
weekend. Tony keeps telling himself he would not say a single word that isn't necessary or mission-related. A pity he sucks so badly at keeping promises to himself.
to, do you...?" Tony began, and he heard his own voice, and it was too low, too angry. His control was slipping. Steve was never as beautiful as in that moment, and Tony wanted to kiss him in the roughest possible manner, to have him down on his knees, to make him
, the very idea of having all that stuffed into him, the burn, the pain, the pleasure, the cold fire against his prostate,  the cocktail of all that... and that other hand tugging on his cock again...
The space looks mostly clinical, unadorned, at least at first glance; still, when they start opening the cupboards, of which there are many, what they find makes its purpose clearer. In one cupboard there are chains, thick and thicker, some of them barbed; there is an assortment of coarse ropes, thin wires, handcuff and manacles, obviously made very uncomfortable on purpose; shackles and spreader bars and chokers.
" Kamala squealed and clapped her hands. It was sometimes difficult to remember she was 19 already. Still, good to see her back to her old, chirpy self after all she'd seen, really.
Steve was crap at acting and they both knew it. This was why, as the tray was slid through the kitty door, Tony started yelling and begging
"No way," Steve murmured. His words were barely audible, but the sarcasm in itself was palpable. Tony snorted.
This way lies ruin, Tony tried telling himself, but everyone knew he was never a one to listen. When he’d first tried woodland skiing, he’d learned that all you got from staring at the trees in your way was a crash and a possible contusion. No, you had to look at the spaces in between, always; and you couldn’t afford to think too much in advance. Anything beyond the next tree gate was distant future.
I'm about to take him in my arms, but he steps back. It's like an instant cut straight across my heart, even though I know he's probably just not in the mood to be comforted.
"I'm hailing Rhodey now," Tony said, not lifting his eyes from the keyboard. "I don't know how long it will take for him to get here, but he will."
Or... did they purposefully try to weaken Steve, not for that reason but because they... wanted to sic the two of them on each other or something? Make them fight? Their estrangement was common knowledge now. Was that why they put them in adjoined cells, divided only by a door and a lame excuse for a brick wall? Making them turn on each other
"Or," Steve said very matter-of-factly, ignoring the butterflies in his stomach, "we could just read together." He pushed the book to the side so that it was midway between him and Tony.
"Well, I wasn't a good fit," Tony said. A beat. "I'm still not." Then he realized this might sound like some weird fishing for compliments thing, so he raised his hand to stop Steve, but the protestation wasn't coming.
It was Steve's turn to perform the nod-shrug-nod sequence of utter nonchalance. Tony had been right. It did look a bit like a seizure.
Tony: And I suspect they imagined Pepper would refuse the help of my lawyers even if I decided to send those bad fuckers in. And then they'd hold her and blackmail me, I'm thinking.
They got bored in the dorm eventually, so in the end Tony dragged the doc over to the tech bar. Banner didn't seem overly enthusiastic, but he shrugged and agreed to come. Maybe because, by the unwritten rules, they weren't supposed to go. There
Tony: So last night my sight was still too blurry-like to figure out what it was you sent me. And this morning I guess I'm too hungover to make heads or tails of the fact that you sent me an old newspaper photo of Reed Richards?
Steve was glad Tony couldn't really see his face very well in the darkness of the car. Without his own dark vision, Tony's face would have been more planes and shadows than actual features. Still, his awkward attempt at evasiveness earned him a sharp look.
As Steve was putting the fatigues back on, the medic frowned. She appeared too be listening to her comm.
Things he'd left at the Compound: his post-its, all over the place; Steve's stupid office with his stupid art; his feelings.
“I’m... cold from the inside,” Steve was saying. “Like... ice radiating outwards. From my spine. Like...” And nope, the distant look in his eyes was not good at all, and this line of thought had to be cut short.
"It sounds like a rom-com plot," Barnes was saying. He was sitting across the isle from Steve, and that was when Tony became aware of his presence. Shorter hair. A different metallic arm. A weird sense of comfortable companionship with a smidge of regret mixed in  (Tony
Tony: Yeah, he was here a little while ago. I didn't think it was worth waking you up over, was going to tell you all about it in a few hours. I didn't think he'd come at you at four in the morning. Shoulda known better.
Things he'd taken with him to NYC: well, apparently his feelings. Evident every time he closed his eyes, evident every time he avoided to. Evident when he got out on the street and
– the surviving civilian cruiser – with a unit of his marines, but the calls were limited to officers and reserved for urgent situations. Oh, well. Tony found himself almost missing the tech department. There, at least, there was an impromptu bar you could hang out in after your shift was done. Here, the pilots had their rec room, obviously, but Tony wasn't a pilot yet. Neither were, for that matter, the other new cadets.
In the beginning, there is a victory won, albeit a bittersweet one. There is a victory, and then a seemingly endless cleanup; after a big victory, the world tends to need some care. That's the beginning, even though some might call it the end. But this is, after all, just a matter of semantics. One thing needs to end so that something new can start.
Later on, Thor admits that she'd had a long chat with Frigga, alone. He seems to think that's self-explanatory. Is the effect going to wear off, Tony would like to know, and Thor shakes his head, shrugs, shakes his head again. It's in her DNA now, whatever it is, he says.
Okay. We went to Madripoor because we had intel about a planned terrorist attack, by a rogue Hydra branch – or that was what we thought – during the tech expo.
seem like an axe murderer country." He was aiming for funny, but it mostly just came out as snippy. And it wasn't fair to Happy, just like it hadn't been fair to Happy for Tony to take off like that, on his own, without a word. But Tony's head hurt like eleven circles of Hades and he had a mother and a father of all hangovers. He wasn't in the mood for talking, he really wasn't, much less for feeling guilty. Actually, one of the reasons he'd decided to use the back roads was a vague hope there would be no signal and he'd be off the grid (and off the hook) for just a little while. But that was a no go. His tech was simply too good, unfortunately.
). Tony felt the warmth in his groin, felt himself start to get hard, from the closeness, from the anger. (The righteous, avenging cock, getting ready for the battle, he thought inconsequentially, and wanted to laugh but didn't).
The conversation was promptly turning into the theatre of the absurd, but perhaps it was better than the silences. Still, this time Tony opted for a pause, as the only option to get the convo back on track.
Tony continued with his own line of thought for a moment longer. "Really, not even once? Yeah, well, there's your divergence, then, there's..." My question seemed to register with him, then. He shot me an unreadable look. "No, well, we weren't
So. Nobody commented on Steve using Tony's first name on the battlefield. Granted, it was neither the time, nor the place to get into this, and Steve was weak and sick. Still, he wasn't going to be happy about his own slip in front of all these men, later. Also, she suspected it wasn't just weariness. For him to break his own iron rule meant something had happened while he was a prisoner. Something not so good.
," he breathed, as if coming back to his senses. "Will you forget I said that? Just... Forever. Please. Yeah, I think I'm going to sit down, now." He did so, heavily, but his breathing was getting back to normal. He didn't seem to be in any immediate danger.
“Can we... not fight about this, Tony?” Steve echoed his thoughts, deliberately keeping his voice down. The man reconsidered for a moment, took a deep breath, tried for a smile without too much success. “Look, let’s stay here, I’ll keep you company if you want, we could – all right, you hate cards, but we could do
"So, you went with burgundy, then?" Steve asked with a small smile, and it brought Tony back to reality. He snatched his hand back, because he knew he'd been holding on Steve's for too long. It must have been awkward for Steve. The thought of discovery was mortifying.
"Jesus, Steve," Tony said quietly. Steve glanced over his shoulder. For a moment, Tony looked somehow muted and seemed far away, even though he was talking to Steve. "I forgot you could be funny."
"Unlike you, I used to love Christmas," Steve began. "I mean, we were... we weren't rich, but my mom would always make it special, and then, later, when she..." He took another deep breath, apparently ordered his thoughts better. "She died young, so that was that. But later I'd celebrate with friends, and it was also fine, in a different way." This was the most he'd said about himself so far, Tony realized. And it was very... unspecific, but Tony could see how difficult it was for him to string word after word, and he knew it was important, that Steve was sharing this. "But...", Steve went on, reluctantly, resolutely. Stopped. Tried again. "Well, I mentioned about the army, and now, after all this time, it's just..."
"I intend to. And I intend to train my new pilots the best I can, those that can be trained, and I'm going to keep my old pilots alive, and I'm going to get my injured pilots back from the infirmary and make them better." His voice was gaining force as he spoke. "And you know what, we are going to fight, because there is no other option, and we are not giving up."
Tony let his mouth run unchecked while he tried to calm down and regain his footing before he blurted:
The door opened, the light flooded the chamber for a few seconds, and then it was all gloom again and the bluish flickering of the control panel in front of him. He didn't turn around.
What he thought Tony had implied – about the kiss, about his own feelings on the matter – scared Steve a little. He was so used to the status quo of misery and sadness that the possible change made him want to back off.
Tony felt it spread through him like warm ice-cream, which made no sense whatsoever, but that's Steve for you, he supposed.
In any case – Steve suspected – if they could be alone for a little while and somehow wade through the awkwardness and emerge on the other side, maybe they could go back to being friends, maybe find their feet again; he'd be okay with that too, he really would. He'd set his hopes on tonight, and this was exactly what he'd pictured. All their friends, so happy to be alive and victorious and – finally – reunited that they'd barely notice Steve and Tony slip away to somewhere more private, to talk or not to talk, as it happened, but at least to do it together.
or nothing. Also, doctors are snobs. Evidently. What's wrong with a bit of a space opera? Apart from the fact that we are living one and it's way less fun."
For a moment there, in between grins, the lines of Tony's face looked tired and sad, and Steve wondered if he'd been like that on TV too, and Steve just hadn't noticed. But no, this seemed to be a case of acute heavy heart – must be, or the man wouldn't be here, driving alone on Christmas Eve.
"Is that what you meant? Was that what the problem was?" Steve asked, and he thought that was not the case, and that was probably obvious in his voice, because Tony smiled.
The fact that he had low-key invited Tony to share a meal made something in Tony stir – something warm and tiny and alive, like a baby bird in its nest. Tony didn't want to let him go; that factored in as well.
." Tony half expected her to shoo him away as well, but she seemed to have accepted him and Steve as a package deal, somehow.
"I don't know about you guys," he snapped, "but I'm in no mood for delay. I'm off to find my stupid fucking idiot of a king."
Natasha gave him a slow, exaggerated blink. "Since we're apparently having a teenage era revival, what is it you wanted to know? If he likes you back?"
it, Cap, never fear." The bitterness seemed to be directed entirely at himself, as far as I could tell. But
Where was the awkwardness? Where was the inability to string two words together when talking to each other? Gone in the ice, Tony supposed. Gone when he had to cut Steve's frozen clothes open and when they cuddled, 99% naked, under the blankets. He would have expected that to make things
Tony: I wish I could see you. I mean, I'm thinking we'd probably just yell at each other until we dropped dead from exhaustion, but still. I wouldn't mind. I somehow think that, if I could see you in person, just... Maybe there would be fewer misunderstandings.
you. You are my heart. I'm not even kidding. Sucky and tired and useless and not working properly –  that's my heart for you – but it is what it is. And you're it. And that's all I got."
Both statements true, both statements painfully unfair. But all the old rot that exploded in Tony’s chest was suddenly suppressed, suddenly easier to stand, when Steve’s arm tightened around him drawing him impossibly closer. Somehow, that made it all bearable. But Steve buried his nose in Tony’s hair, and his breath hitched a little, and Tony knew he was thinking about Siberia as well.
Steve. Maybe because, if he didn’t, he might begin to expect something good in return. And it was always better and safer to be ready for the worst.
"Well..." Tony began. "I then asked if we could tell that to the press we were engaged nevertheless, and later we could just break the engagement, and it would be just another scandal, who cared..." But then Tony noticed Happy was frozen in place. "He just stood there, trying not to scowl. It was so obvious something was wrong, but for the life of me I couldn't figure out what." Tony kept pressing, and in the end Happy said how it wasn't cool, and that proposals weren't jokes. "He was being so weird about the whole thing."
Steve looked at Bucky, who, despite the attempt at gruff humor, seemed as uncomfortable as himself. Too many people in one place raised Bucky's hackles, they rubbed him wrong, everything about crowds seemed wrong to him now. They'd talked about it.
Afterwards, Steve found Chief Darryl in the storage area. Darryl seemed surprised to see him, or, more precisely, seemed surprised to see
No one had asked Steve who he was. He'd had his many scratches and superficial wounds cleaned and bandaged, and, to his relief, no one mentioned any bloodwork. No one insisted on examining his eyes. He suspected he had Tony to thank for his semi-ghostly status with both the police and the medical personnel, but the only thing Tony said to him ever since the rescue arrived was a half-muttered: "We'll get someone better qualified to take a look at you and the data as soon as possible." That was all.
The answer was out before Steve got to think it over. Telling the truth was a reflex, an instinct. That was his one mode; the other was silence. It was either/or. "Right now? I'm wondering where we stand." As he said it, he turned his head to look at Tony, more pleading than searching. Still standing next to him, Tony blinked at him in surprise, as if under a counterattack. "You don't have to answer," Steve added more gently, reaching out to touch Tony on the shoulder, but changing his mind at the last moment. He caught Tony's eyes and smiled a tiny, rueful smile. "But, well, a hint would be appreciated, nevertheless."
Earlier, Tony may have wanted the apologies. Not any longer. Not now that everything had gone to hell. Somewhere in these corridors he'd mislaid his residual resentment, and all he now had was a grayish melancholy because after this, they weren't going to get a chance to set things right. This was it. It was over. "I'm sorry too, old buddy," Tony said sadly, and wanted to go on, say something that would make everything better, for the little while they had left, but instead Steve continued.
Billy D. was, it turned out – after Steve peeled the layers of woolens off of her – fourteen or fifteen; a problem kid from the next town. By the number of times she said
Because I'm his superior. Because, if he advances in rank, people will think I'm the reason why. If he fails, it will be me that's holding him back. You know how the rumors are. You
Iron man, quickly taking shape on the page, right there on the panel one. And right there, next to him, Captain America, his hand around Tony's metal shoulders.
Bucky is back, and so is Sam, and Wanda too, and Clint has his family, and Tony has little Peter, and there will be time for celebration and time for clean-up and time for rebuilding. But later. Steve is tired. They all are. So, first things first. Around them is ruin and wreckage, but many good things have survived. The lake house is one of them. And even if he and Tony have lived a the Compound for convenience, some of Steve's dearest memories took place at the cottage.
Tony did exchange a few words with the other techs in the group, in order to make it clear to them it was only Hammer he was rudely ignoring. They seemed to get it. Still, as soon as he could, he turned to go back to the gurney, and to Steve.
Fury snorted. "Don't give me that crap. Go, go, do your job. But keep this in mind, Rogers: I have 7 pilots dead, I have 8 pilots in the sick bay. I have 20 vipers onboard and only 5 pilots on active duty."
? Hey Cap, how's life, you doing okay, what's up, how are you doing these days, nice day today isn't it.
was. He couldn't tell why that was so important to him apart from a vague idea that, if they ever met again, Tony didn't want that lie between them. The truth burned inside him and wanted out.
But then Steve came back with his blanket. Apparently he had gotten only one. (Tony had two.) The blond then proceeded to painstakingly clear the debris from a far corner and, still not saying a word, he wrapped himself in the blanket and lay down.
"No, that's fine, I need to go," Tony said briskly. He probably knew what he was doing. He was Iron Man, after all. Besides, he looked decisive and Steve didn't have any leverage with him, so insisting would hardly do any good.
Pause on Tony's side is minuscule, to his credit. "You're in New York," he breathes, but that's all of the surprise he allows himself to express. The very next second he's all business. "Where?"
Tony had literally sat there holding his hand. His fingers had been gentle, feather-light, as he applied the gel, even though Steve could feel every callus. He'd stared at the back of Tony's hand, because otherwise he would have stared into Tony's eyes. He could now recognize that hand anywhere.
Tony: I made some kind of lentil soup. With turmeric. Not half so bad. Not ideal for breakfast, though.
Then a thought crossed his mind, a possible explanation. “Now or in your previous life?” he asked carefully, wondering if he was going to get the story from Steve and if it had anything at all to do with Howard.
He shook his head. "You're just... You know what, let's get back to that later.  But we'll definitely talk about it. What I'm saying is, I choose to consider you
Tony let his hand fall by his side and relaxed his stance minuscully. All his muscles still sang with tautness. Rogers walked around his desk. It was small; the whole office was a lot smaller than Tony had pictured – and sank into a chair. He gave Tony a flat look, then nodded toward the other chair. Tony took it, gratefully; folded into it. Belatedly, he remembered he was probably supposed to politely sit on the edge, his spine arrow-straight. Or something. Well, too late for that.
"So you, ah, you didn't mean anything by it?" He forced the words out. He knew they sounded like he'd eaten a stick.
this – Steve feels his cock burning, responding, and he isn't sure which turns him on the most, and he feels his cheeks heat up again; damn cheeks.
– he had to get him out of the wet clothes first, get him warm. He started fumbling with Steve's jacket, but his own fingers were thick, unwieldy. Oh. Because he had the gauntlets on. After half a second's thought, he cut Steve's jacket open with a thin, well controlled beam. Then he got rid of his gauntlets, started pulling off Steve's wet sweater with his bare hands. It was colder than Tony ever imagined fabric could be, it slipped from his fingers and clung to Steve like a stubborn jellyfish. Tony brought a gauntlet back, painfully aware of his own clumsiness, inadequacy, then cut the sweater off too.
And how in the name of hell did he pick that up now, with all the affection and desire and all the good things flowing back and forth between them? Oh well. Tony shrugged. "Guess I'm going to be a bit better now, though." And he noticed he was smiling.
And then the rough leather of the handle is being dragged across the sensitive rim of his entrance, catching, snagging, chafing. Not hard, but not quite gently either. The sensation isn't pleasant. And yet, Steve
And if he'd stayed in for a few hours more, he'd have been snowed in for real. Inside the shed. What fun.
The war hadn't touched her much, it seemed, but if you chose to trust appearances, you'd think nothing ever did. With Steve and Sam and Clint behind her, and Tony and Bruce and Thor in the front, now, it was as if she was ensconcing herself in their company, as if inside that circle she could just be herself, maybe a bit tired, maybe a bit happy. Tony
, he thinks. It's better not to risk it. On the plus side, Steve evidently likes this order even better.
"Well, maybe," Steve replied. Tony's eyebrow shot up in amusement, but it was a wasted effort, since his cheek still rested against Steve's shoulder. (The good, hard, warm shoulder; he'd happily rest his head there for all eternity.) "But it doesn't mean I wasn't a jerk too. One doesn't cancel the other," Steve concluded.
(Tony wasn't so good at responding to such, anyway. Steve suspected his reply would have been something on the lines of 'if you behave, I might even let you'. Even at their best days, Steve could never figure out if he was actually joking or not.)
Tony knew he was right, he knew this was deserved. And he wasn't feeling that bad, really, apart from the nose and the cough. He didn't even have a proper headache. But he also suddenly knew, with all his being, that he couldn't do this. Not because he was drowning in snot, nor because his knees were jelly (all that was surmountable). He just
As the gauntlet slides from his unfeeling hand, Steve is semi-aware of the incredulous stares of his comrades. "What the hell, man?" Star Lord is yelling (as if he wouldn't have done exactly the same, for his girl). Even Thanos is gaping at him, from where he is being held on the ground, where little Peter and Thor managed to overpower him for a second.
His eyes were blazing, boring into mine, so filled with emotion that I didn't know how to interpret it any more. "You mean to say," he corrected me, "you're in love with the Tony from
Tony is still now, bent over, both palms on Steve's torso, leaning on him slightly. "What if I told you you need to pick a safeword?"
He carefully wrapped the mug in a tea cozy, so that it wouldn't be too hot for Steve to hold in his hand. Warm was good. Hot wasn't. He then brought it over, tried to smile back; felt like crying. He did his best to blink back the tears.
Steve's reflection tries to hold back that smile of his, but it escapes and spreads over his face, and Tony wants to kiss all of that smile, very badly.
It was as if his words didn't register with Steve at all. Tony thought he heard him swallow. "When I was a kid," Steve began. For a moment it seemed that was going to be all he said, but then he went on. "You probably know the story. But I was sick all the time. My mom was a nurse. I had a thousand doctors poke at me. Hospitals. House visits. I
He looked down, at our hands, then back up, at me Then he laughed out. Still, it wasn't his this-is-funny laugh, and it wasn't his you-are-crazy laugh; his eyes sparkled and his grin was warm and genuine. I could see he was just simply happy, all of a sudden, bone-tired but happy, and a little startled himself at the realization. "Okay. Okay. You know what, Steve," he said. "I do. I really do."
"Cap? What in the name of hell did you just do?" Tony demands. He sounds bewildered and if it were somebody else, Steve would say weepy. The corners of his eyes are smiling, however, even though his mouth is set in a tight line.
Tony had frozen at hearing the words. He was an ice statue. His excitement had withered in an instant, so he just stood there, limp and shocky.
“I thought you’d like it,” Tony said half-assedly. He’d been better at keeping the itch under control in the later years, and there was no reason for Steve to be such a drama queen.
But Steve had started speaking exactly at the same time: "Why do you pretend you don't give a damn?" Steve turned his head, looked him straight in the eye, with a very earnest expression on his face.
And then Steve's mouth was on his. Tony could feel the warmth of his lips flow into him, turn his guts to nitro. Almost involuntarily, he pressed himself against Steve, and that seemed to be what Steve was waiting for, because in two short steps he was pressing Tony against the cabin wall, with the whole length of his body against Tony's. The intensity of desire nearly made Tony dissociated, as if he'd stepped out of his own head and was watching them both from a short way away, and at the same time he was hyper aware of the pressure of Steve's lips, of his leg pushing between Tony's, his groin against Tony's stomach (because Tony had said not chaste was okay, and Steve was one literal guy, and also didn't tend to waste time). Tony's hands found a way under Steve's shirt, and in contact with his bare skin – the secret skin, the part of skin that wasn't for everyone to see! – they seemed to go crazy. Tony couldn't stop touching him, stroking, petting, squeezing, as Steve kissed and kissed him, pressing him ever tighter against the wooden wall.
The above/bellow thing on a gunstar class ship– on any modern spaceship – seemed skewed until you got used to it. The gravitation strips were installed in the deck floors in parallel lines, to avoid more amusing aspects of gravitation fields that, unfortunately enough, were spherical in shape. It would be impossible for a floor of one deck to act as a ceiling to the deck below, like in a normal building. In such a case, grav fields would overlap and people and things on the deck below would have an unfortunate tendency to gravitate towards ceilings. So, on a spaceship, the decks had to be set floor to floor or ceiling to ceiling. The pilots' accommodation and the tech deck/landing bay were ceiling to ceiling. And the tech deck itself was generally considered 'lowest', insomuch that it was right next to the lower hull itself, so that the access to the side engines would be easier. It didn't share a floor with another deck.
It was the first time Tony had seen Steve since Siberia, and of course it had to be amidst all the snow and cold, all over again. It was his own fault entirely, that it happened here.
We removed layers upon layers and did our best to bare ourselves for each other. We got better at it with time, too.
, he could hear Tony's response in his head, but that was just his own guilt speaking up. The truth was, when the weather conditions got worse and Tony stopped responding, he'd got worried, perhaps irrationally so. Steve sent a text and tried calling a couple of times, but the lines were dead, and he knew Tony was alone, all the way out here. Something in Steve didn't like that. At all. So much so that hiking over in the snow seemed like a good idea. It wasn't far from the Compound, really, even though the weather did make the walk longer.
Tony: It's too much, and I don't know how to handle it. I don't want to rain on your parade, honestly, not right now.
"Thank you," Steve said, and he sounded strangely hoarse. (And it wasn't from the smoke; the smoke hoarseness had gone away as quickly as the effects of the painkillers. A freako metabolism, indeed.)
I cried when I saw Natasha, but I'm not crying now. I'm like a tree trunk, my arms hanging by my sides. I feel rooted in place. But then Tony smiles a small smile that's so very
"What I figured out is, I'm being an ungrateful dick here. So, what I've decided is, I'm not going anywhere. I'd love to have a kid, and I'll love her forever even though I've never met her. But I don't think that's my story, over there, with her. It's not really my life. Even if I solved the interquantum travel, which by the way I haven't. What I think is..." He paused. "Well, this is surprisingly difficult to say, having in mind I've been talking to you in my head all this time, but – Steve, you died. Or, your alter-ego did, whatever. And now you're back. You've been given back to me. I've somehow gained this wonderful second chance, and I'm not going to waste it. But," he paused, grinned. "I'm still not jumping into bed with you, just to keep it clear."
.” Amidst all the pleasure and happiness, there was too much pain seeping out through Steve’s words. And Tony pressed himself against him, all the way, and held him close, and leaned his head against his. It seemed to help.
And then he looked at me for a moment. He must have misinterpreted my morose silence, because he said: "Are you leaving?" It wasn't exactly a small voice, I don't think Tony could do small voice even if he wanted to.
But those were just appearances; Steve knew to take them with a grain of salt. And what he was seeing now appeared to clash with Stark's public image so badly Steve had to blink twice, wondering if this was just a doppelganger. Bleary, baggy eyes. Unkempt hair. The guy looked like he hadn't slept in days. Empty coffee cups strewn around the passenger and back seat like a derelict mosaic. Also, the man was wearing a ratty black T-shirt... Seriously, he was driving in short sleeves
I also got to my feet. Laid a palm on his biceps to slow him down, fully expecting him to shake it off, but it stopped him in his tracks instead. He looked back at me, expectantly. "Tony?" I said softly. "Where are we going?"
them all in his own weird way; he worried for them fiercely. And with his passion and excitement, he made them believe anything at all was possible, they could accomplish anything they set their minds to. Unite the British kingdoms again, like in the days of yore? Sure, why the hell not. Attempt to reinstate King Arthur's Peace? Yeah, duh. Crown Steve as the high king? Try and stop us.
Steve didn't see the harm, but he did think it was a pretty rare occurrence that the two adults in question actually were on the same page and actually knew what they were doing. He didn't say that.
Steve tensed. Definitely tensed. His palms had been relaxed, somehow so natural against Tony’s back (and it felt
him so. Just being in the same room with him seemed surreal. And still, it was deeply uncomfortable as they avoided looking at each other, as they tiptoed around each other.
It's like a time loop. He isn't sure if he's repeating these words, again and again, or not. He looks up. He needs to go and fight, he needs to...
Tony struggles to get away for a moment, but then he spots a group of men in suspiciously unsuspicious clothing (one guy has a small, bright-purple suitcase), stalking through the airport, anything but inconspicuous. The menace etched into their faces screams
Tony is strangely detached from his words. Love confessions shouldn't be like this. They should be all hearts and sunflowers and chocolate strawberries and things. Or they should be heartbreaking and tragic. Not this... prosaic. But he's analyzed and overanalyzed his feelings for Steve, back and forth, over the years, he's dissected them too often, and maybe at some point he forgot to put them back together.
I saw nothing was going to slow him down for more than two seconds, now, he was in that mode, so I just followed him.
Tony's feet are boots made of lead. These last few steps take eons. He leans against the railing behind Steve and a bit to the left. For a minute, he watches him get rained upon. Then he moves his umbrella so that it shelters Steve as well.
Steve was – Steve, strangely Steve-like in all his Steveness, despite a three-day beard and skiing goggles pushed to the top of his head. He had a skiing onesie on, a dark blue one with red and white details (because, of course he would pick that pattern, of course). It looked brand new. So brand new Tony could almost believe it was
