"Increased," I muttered, strangely out of breath.
After finishing the complet, the monks usually retired to sleep until the bell rang to vigil and tore them out of their sleep again. I too had returned to my room and had wanted to rest, but as I had done the past few days, I could not find sleep so early in the evening. Normally, at such moments, I would have read something that would calm my mind until my eyes fell closed, but the only book that was currently on the table next to my bed was the one about the basics of beekeeping, which immediately took me back to thoughts of him - and the question of how I should behave toward him in the future. We simply didn’t have that much in common so there seemed to be nothing that could justify an everyday encounter; and since the bees didn’t need that much attention at the moment, my hopes of spending time with him during that chore disappeared. Even in his studies I could hardly help him. Although natural healing was an alternative medicine and there were certain similarities concerning our professions, I had never dealt with this subject in detail - I had spent most of my professional career in surgery and emergency medicine, areas where the use of herbal remedies was not necessarily advised or desired at all.
Mycroft took over the conversation. “You suffered a concussion when you struck the pavement. No one realized it, not even me. That’s all true, John. Sherlock deduced the truth in the past two days. I’m sorry, John, truly I am. If I had realized at the time that you had an incomplete memory of your last conversation with Sherlock, my actions toward you would have been different.
John had come to him, started it all, lunged up and pulled him down into a passionate kiss, mouths crushed together almost cruelly. He’d pulled at his clothes, ripped buttonholes, desperate to feel skin-to-skin.
A murmur went through the crowd until one of the men plucked up courage and asked the question that seemed to burn in their souls, "Brother William was ... poisoned?"
to know.”
Sherlock caught his elbow as John passed the table. “Head up? Don’t be ridiculous.”
"Hey, you there!"
"You are right," he admitted, "there was a small problem, but it is now being looked after. There is really no reason to feel worried or frightened. "
I bit my lower lip and ran my hand through my hair, suddenly overwhelmed by the whole subject.
"John!"
"All right, I ... it's about Jonah, is it?"
"Then maybe he really just wanted to test you. I'm sorry if I gave you false hopes ... "
“Sherlock, what the hell. Sit down. Let me get a wet flannel and get this mess out of your hair.”
"Let's go to the Prior, okay? He needs to know what happened here. "
John glanced from Sherlock to the box of Christmas decorations Mrs. Hudson had brought up that morning. “I know. It seems so. So mean spirited to be a humbug when everyone else is happy with the holiday spirit.”
“Four hundred and twelve files. All of them messages from Sherlock.” John started at the sound of his own voice in the deserted house. He  double clicked the file with the latest date. His stomach churned while he waited for it to open.
"The poison was completely removed from his skin. In the event that it had already done damage, he was given an antidote for safety. Presumably it is thanks to your immediate intervention that my brother is still alive. "
"I can only try to show you the right direction - it is up to you whether you will follow it."
I arrived winded but my ‘mate’ Billy Wiggins knew me well so he didn’t demand that week’s entry password. Billy knew what I liked without my asking, which sped things along nicely. He also knew exactly where Isaac was sleeping off his night’s high. I told Billy to stall the well groomed, short man with graying hair who would be showing up at the door in the next few minutes.
I did not understand. What did he think he had seen in me, and why did that erase his suspicion?
“I forgot.”
"Suppose one of your comrades - a good friend - was badly wounded in a fight. Could you have easily left your post and escorted him to the hospital until he recovered? "
Day by day, normality returned, and it almost felt as if the attack on Sherlock had never happened, as if the silent, tall monk had never lived here. On the one hand, it was strange. On the other hand, I felt that the rest was good for me. Of course, his presence had helped me but in a different way. I now enjoyed the silence and solitude, content in the knowledge that Sherlock was cared for and our temporary separation served his recovery.
Sherlock, on the other hand, posted a new message to John every opportunity he had. He posted messages from around the globe, including a new message every time he found a new cell of Moriarity’s network to let John know he’d be away a little longer.
I had to admit that I was immensely delighted at the prospect of eating in silence - how long had that been my wish? In the army, in the hospital ...I’d always been exposed to loud noises while eating and I’d found it extremely disturbing as long as I could remember.
He turned around in surprise. "Who would write to me?"
Now the blond, demanding a rematch, breathed hard: "Again."
His signed answer was as brief as it was concise. "I was bored."
"Silence is often the best answer, Doctor."
Tears flowing freely, Mary spoke to John as she was escorted out with both elbows grasped firmly in two officers’ hands. “How could you? How could
"What? Upset? I ... no, Jonah, do not get it wrong, please, it has absolutely nothing to do with you. It is solely up to me. I have become aware of something that makes it impossible for me to stay any longer with you. I want to save you any ... unpleasantness. "
He went into the bathroom and took a long, hot shower. He found a thick white terrycloth robe hanging on the back of the bathroom door. He went into the bedroom and pulled out a few drawers of the dresser. He found pants, socks, pajamas and t-shirts in a variety of sizes – obviously provided for the occupants of the safehouse to use. He found boxers and a t-shirt in his size, donned them quickly and slipped into bed.
"At first it wasn’t easy for me, but ..."
A vessel with the inscription Vitex Agnus-Castus caught my eye: chaste tree. I thought of how he'd had a bunch of the dried plants when he came to see me that night. Had he not alluded to my feelings towards him, but wanted to give me a hint? After all, that evening we talked about how it would be possible to help Jonah ... I reached for the container hastily, unscrewed the cap - and stared at about 500 grams of finely ground chasteberry. That could not be right, I was sure! On the verge of desperation, I shoved my hand in, searching for a hidden clue that I did not find. Now my nerves were actually at breaking point; I could not think of another place to continue my search. I thought frantically about the conversations I had had with him, especially trying to recall what he had said to me when he came to my room a few days ago, but soon realized that this conversation was only superficially about Jonah - instead of talking about how to help him, to protect him from the latent threat posed by the author of the letter, we had tried to figure out where we stood concerning our relationship. Whether feelings could be involved in the game was completely out of place. Even though I still had no answer to this question, I could say one thing quite clearly: Whatever had been behind this conversation - it had not been a hidden clue to a potential poisoner within the monastery walls.
“There’s something I need you to do for me.” Sherlock looked uncomfortable.
"Where are we?"
"A normal, down-home life, with a decent job and a pretty woman?" laughed the blond and looked at me cheerfully.
Surveilling him at home was trickier. The boring suburban street where he and his wife lived offered little cover. Townhomes lined both sides of the block with tiny front gardens that left little room for cover. I called on every trick in my book of disguises. In my weeks of surveilling his flat, waiting for him to leave for some tedious activity or another, I played a paperboy, street sweeper, door-to-door pollster, garbage man, meter reader, foot patrol police officer, building contractor, buried utility marker - that one had been fun, marking the street and pavement randomly with a can of orange spray paint. I also crouched in the bushes in his neighbor’s back gardens after they’d left for work.
Ella still looked at me as if waiting for me to bring up the crucial detail for her. The trigger for my gloom. When I did not respond, she tried again.
“Doesn’t matter now, Mycroft. It’s over.”
"The other novices brought them to me this morning before they went to class. - Oh, I think I have not thanked you yet for your gift! Please excuse me, I was really happy, it's just so ... "
Before I could answer, completely taken by surprise, she went on with a wink: "There's another bedroom on the second floor - but I think you won’t need a second bedroom, will you?"
He gave me a look I could not interpret, at once imploring and demanding. I sank back down into my chair and allowed him to pull me toward him, his movements still a bit slow. He brought my hand to his lips and placed a whisper-light kiss on my knuckle.
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock asked. After the drama of the motorcycle ride, bonfire and subsequent rescue, it was a relief  to see John sitting in his chair at Baker Street. It felt
that way?
John reveled in the new sensations: the hardness of the top of Sherlock’s cock sliding against his perineum, the glide of the bottom of it against his thighs, the nudge of its head against his bollocks on every stroke. And the
“Two. Spies. In the family.”
callouses no one can see
"Father Christopher," he called without turning his gaze on us, "I want to confess."
The blond just shrugged and focused his attention on the injury.
"Here he can devote himself to his studies in peace, without anyone bothering him, can perform his experiments ..."
I apologize for the long delay in posting this chapter. I had computer issues and was without access for a few weeks. Thank you to readers who stuck with the story through the long hiatus!
“What did you tell her?”
message arranging his evening plans with
The smile John gave her was cold as steel. “That’s right. He doesn’t love me like you do. And thank god for that.” He gestured toward the back door and the officers lead her out.
"Oh, I'm sure you'll be sorely missed at the monastery."
"It can have all sorts of reasons ...", William replied. He rose lazily and searched for a handkerchief.  He first cleaned his finger and his ear, looking into a small mirror attached to the side of his cupboard, then wiped the blood from his neck.
He let himself in the front door and called out ‘hello.’ A very surprised Mary met him in the living room, pulling him tight and telling him how relieved she was that he was finally home. John endured her embrace for a reasonable amount of time, then grasped her arms and held her at arm’s length.
"Justify yourself!" Father Andrew commanded in a thunderous voice. He stood in front of Jonah, arms crossed over his chest, his eyes unrelenting as I had never seen him before.
"Maybe we should let the subject go," I suggested, not having to think about the consequences of what I had just learned. "You said you needed my help - so how can I help you?"
Jonah shook his head.
each other. To John, that’s why their marriage worked; mutual respect and trust. And if John sometimes had to stifle a frisson of doubt - well, it was his own imagination running wild, wasn’t it? His petty jealousy wasn’t Sherlock’s concern. It was John’s own to deal with. His price to pay for having a gorgeous, talented husband.
He received no answer. Instead, Father Andrew headed for the exit.
"I promise you, it will be the best honey you’ve ever tasted."
"But he stayed with you. Brother William. Sherlock. "
It happened a few times a year, taking him by surprise every time.
I breathed deeply again, so as not to lose courage - if I had not already. Brother William put his glasses down, straightened his upper body, and looked at me expectantly. Did he already know why I wanted to talk to him? His gaze was inscrutable; it could express both curiosity and mockery and contempt. I could not figure it out. I cleared my throat again.
“Let’s do this,” John said. His eyes gleamed. “Let’s get married.”
"My unqualified opinion is that something was set in motion since you got here - maybe you think, for example, about your relationship with your sister and if you're ready to get involved in a relationship with another person - I guess earlier you were simply lacking the time to think about it, right? "
An idea had come to him during his Tube ride home. A way to finally express what he wanted to tell Sherlock, in the way he did it best. No more fumbling words, no more half-expressed thoughts. No more sentences that he couldn’t seem to finish. Instead of haltingly trying to speak his feelings to Sherlock, he’d write them as responses to Sherlock’s messages. He’d finally face the demons he’d been feeling during those years: grief, pain, loss, guilt. He’d face his gradual awareness that he felt more strongly about Sherlock than a mate. He’d go through Sherlock’s notes and reply with what he was feeling at time time. Better than therapy, writing responses to Sherlock’s notes would help him work the two years Sherlock had been ‘dead’ out of his system. And it would allow him to tell Sherlock all the words that couldn't seem to get past the proper British reserve that choked him up when he tried to tell his lover just how very much he was cherished.
. But then Sherlock had the advantage of knowing this John was alive while John had believed Sherlock dead for that amount of time.
"Since you have obviously just prevented my brother from falling victim to a poisoning for the second time, I can hardly refuse your request."
The doctor and I had exchanged another look, then I thanked him and escorted him to the door.
Sherlock nuzzled John’s shoulder. “Pays well. I can try to get you on at MI6 if you’d like.”
I must have misunderstood what he just said. It could not be otherwise. This had to be a dream, my hunted spirit that could not come to rest in the last days making fun of me. Only now did I notice the shy look that the blond gave me.
With his back to me stood a tall man with a strikingly straight posture and short blond hair, parted deeply on the side. In front of him, on the blanket next to Sherlock's legs, lay an open book. Beside the book was a small golden vessel. Most striking, however, was the fact that the man wore the habit of the friars, supplemented only by a violet stole that was placed around his shoulders. My worst fears seemed to be confirmed. Now, I had no doubt as to what was happening here. I felt like rushing for the man but since he did not seem to notice me yet, I decided to wait. I did not like him being so close to Sherlock, yet who knew what he would do if I attacked him. He stared down at his unconscious brother with folded hands, then, with a slow, deliberate movement, picked up the jar, unscrewed the lid, laid it on the nightstand, and drew closer to the bed. Slowly he dipped his thumb in the oily liquid and marked the young man's forehead and palms with the sign of the cross.
“My good man, did you just say…” Watson’s declaration was interrupted by another bout of coughing. “Twiddle diddles?”
it. And why do you think that I'd talk to Prior Lambert, breaking my vow of silence doing that, just to learn something about you? "
Beside me was one of the priests who had previously served in the Mass, a man in his forties with even, dark skin, short black hair, and gold-framed glasses whose simple elegance fitted the rest of his appearance. He made an unobtrusive gesture to follow him to a chapel to the side. I did, casting one last worried glance at Jonah.
I had no thought for food after this conversation; my stomach still clenched at the thought of what Prior Lambert had heard of my conversation with Brother William. It could not be much different than it had looked. A little distance would probably not hurt both of us, so I vowed inwardly to hold back in the future and to stop making contact with him. Ultimately, reason prevailed - and it was clear that it was not appropriate to woo a man of God.
John sighed and wrapped both arms around Sherlock, in whose weight and warmth he found comfort.
"Of course," I replied and nodded encouragingly, "But stop blaming yourself - you can not help it, you might as well have eaten the chocolates yourself. The one who sent them to you is the only one to blame. And that's why you should finally call the police now. "
“Shopping isn’t seventh circle. Making you go home for my family’s holiday is.”
The words of Brother Elijah made me think. Through his job, he probably knew the individual brothers better than many others - while cooking, they gladly chattered. And if he spoke so earnestly for Jonah and, in spite of all objections, hinted that he trusted Francis not to be so serious about the truth ... well, maybe my gut feeling did not baffle me.
I could tell that Jonah was not feeling well at the moment.
They don’t exchange gifts at Christmas. They never had, first due to whatever disposable girlfriend John had been preoccupied with during the Holidays, then due to Sherlock’s ‘dead’ years, then the disastrous Magnusson/Mary Christmas. Neither of them wanted to think about the ghosts contained in memories of Christmases past.
"You probably thought you were the only one who got his information in a morally ambiguous way, right? Well, I have to disappoint you - at least, the next time Brother Jonah unburdens his heart and talks about my past, maybe you should think about closing the window or at least look if anyone is in the garden. "
"And that's why your vows does not apply to me?" I asked provocatively.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and groaned. “All right, then. Best get it over with quickly.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
John lay in the muted light of early evening, thinking of all that had transpired in the past few days while the white noise of the shower, combined with post-orgasmic lethargy, threatened to pull him under. He fought the sleepiness - there was so much they needed to talk about, so many plans they needed to make. And he remembered uneasily that Sherlock had not actually invited him to sleep in his bed.
I swallowed hard. The words were on my tongue, but I could not bring myself to utter them, was almost a little afraid to seal his fate when I expressed my greatest concern. My grip on his hand tightened so much that I dug my fingernails into his skin. When I realized what I was doing, I let it go as though I had burned myself but he did not respond to the pain or the interrupted touch. Apart from the regular beeping of the controls, there was no indication that he was alive at all.
I thought about this briefly, to be able to process the new information.
If the situation had not been so serious, I would have been incensed by the medical practitioner's rude refusal; but I just watched the three of them as they turned the corner and struggled to carry the stretcher down the narrow staircase without hurting Brother William. Soon they were completely out of sight and suddenly I did not know what to do anymore - I experienced a complete emptiness I had not felt since coming back to London from Afghanistan. I knew it was inappropriate but Brother William had grown so dear to me in the last few days that the mere thought of him dying in some hospital here in southern England, without a trusted friend by his side, tore me up inside. Of course, I could not deny that I would like to have been the familiar man at his side, but that was absolutely secondary at the moment.
"This is John Watson," I said breathlessly. "Could I speak to Prior Lambert, please? Or Father Andrew? It is important!"
Taking a bite to give himself time, John watched Sherlock carefully as he took a tiny bite of fish and another sip of wine. Finally swallowing, John took a drink of the really excellent wine before speaking. “No occasion. Can’t I cook a nice dinner for my husband? To thank you for taking care of me. When I was, you know. Hurt.”
"Circulation," I muttered, letting myself sink into a chair near me, "Must be the thunderstorm ..."
I wanted to put a hand on his arm to calm him, but he knocked it away.
Eyebrow raised, he looked at me as if waiting for another explanation, but without urging me to give it.
I did not like anything about him, and I would have liked to leave immediately if it had not been for the hope that he could lead me to Sherlock.
Sherlock considered his brother’s words. “Did he have care at A&E? A CT scan to check for concussion?”
Sherlock followed Saul into the air conditioned coolness of a large foyer. He looked up to see the molded plaster ceiling, two stories above, with an ornate brass-and-crystal chandelier hanging from a thick, brass chain. The walls were papered in seafoam green and peach geometric designs and the marble tile floor bore a darker green and orange Oriental rug. The air smelled of a pungent scent that Sherlock knew well, one he’d hoped to find again the night before: marijuana. Saul led Sherlock to a living room off the foyer, where a faint haze hung in the air. A color TV blared General Hospital loud enough to hurt Sherlock’s ears - Sherlock knew the daytime soaps from the day room TV at the rehab clinic. They had been
It happened once each May, in early evening. The late sunlight, slanting at just the right angle, with just the right yellow tint that reminded him of the Spring before he left to travel the world in search of a madman’s gang. A gang of shadows that disappeared as he approached, a Spring and Summer that turned into Fall then Winter, then another round of seasons before he finally got in over his head with a bad bunch of Serbians. It ended when his brother got involved and dragged him back to (beloved) London but to a world gone sideways, a London where his friend no longer loved him, a world taken up by a golden haired woman with big blue eyes…
"Where have you been, we were so worried about you ..."
John rubbed a hand down his face. He stood and followed Lestrade toward the front door, followed by Sherlock. John could hear the reassuring sound of Sherlock’s footfalls behind him. He paused to pull the door shut then continued down the steps after Lestrade. When he reached the bottom of the short staircase, John realized that Sherlock was no longer at his back. He turned to find Sherlock slumped on the top step, head hung low, elbows propped on his knees with both hands buried in his hair. John climbed the few steps to him.
Frank’s brow furrowed. “Are you for real, kid?”
I cleared my throat in embarrassment.
I looked at him questioningly, but he just shook his head.
"Experiments?"
Later, I returned to Jonah's cell with the novice master to pick up the dishes. Again, the delivery of the tray was accompanied by a bow, which I returned this time. Our hands touched for a moment and I felt a tiny piece of paper being pushed between my fingers. I would have loved to talk to him, but his own silence made it relatively easy for me to keep mine. Even when the priest asked him if he wanted to go to the bathroom, he just nodded, took a clean robe and toiletries out of the closet, and quietly followed his teacher out into the hall, where Father Andrews offered me a short but hearty 'Thank you, John' to release me from my duty.
The more remotely calm Sherlock remained, the angrier John became. “It’s called a
The gray-haired man nodded, and though I was sure that he did not believe my weak excuse, a benevolent smile showed on his face.
John turned his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes. He smiled. “I do. More than you can ever know.” He slid his hand into Sherlock’s hair, cupping the back of his head and kissing him tenderly, then settled back onto the pillow and shifted to fit against Sherlock again.
On my way to the monastery garden, I passed a cellar staircase that I had not noticed before - presumably because the door had never before stood open as it was now. I wanted to take a quick look but then I realized again that I was not allowed to waste my time if the food should be ready in time. I turned back to my goal as I heard a loud clangor from the depths as if glass had burst. Now my curiosity won out and I sneaked down the stone steps carefully. At the bottom of the stairs there was an archway that was so low that even as small as I was, I had to duck my head. Directly behind it was a cellar vault of unpainted stone, on the side walls of which large oak barrels were stored. Apparently wine was also produced in this monastery. But where had the noise that had led me to descend into this room come from? I looked around, but could not see anything except rows of barrels - and a pair of black shoes that lurched behind one of those barrels.
"Have you left your mobile phone, your laptop, and the like at home?"
I glanced at the heart monitor, but the readings showed no change. He probably did not notice me at all - and that was what scared me the most. During my professional career I had often found that the answer to the anxious question of whether the life of a coma patient continued or not was within a few days or weeks: either the patient woke up again - or the brain died. Again I let my eyes slip over the body of the young monk. Which group would he belong to?
That he - consciously or unconsciously - manipulated my feelings so much annoyed me beyond measure. And had I not come here to find peace and tranquility? If I had longed for chaos and strife, I would have simply stayed in the emergency room making life-or-death decisions under time pressure, with relatives screaming at me. No, now I would finally take care of the person I had so often neglected in the past:
He did as he was told and turned his face to the window while Brother Elijah removed his shoes from his feet. I went on looking for disinfectant and dressing material, then bent to my job. As soon as I had touched the drenched scalp of the blond with a cotton ball wet with disinfectant, he gave a heart-rending cry and held his hands over his head.
"Hm?"
Fascinated, I entered the large room whose bookshelves piled up so high they almost reached the ceiling. Yes, I would happily stay here for a long time, although searching for the usual trivial literature would be wasting time. While I gazed at the room, I noticed a seemingly still, quite young monk who was standing near one of the window recesses, engrossed in an apparently very old book while constantly making notes in a small blue booklet. Beside him on the windowsill various plants were laid out neatly on a wooden tray. Although he did not stand far away from us and he certainly must have overheard our conversation, he did not turn around but traced his long, slender fingers over the pages of closely written text while writing with the other hand. My mind was struck by his full, dark curls which fell into his eyes and whose disorder didn’t seem to fit his immaculate black habit, and by his - considering his height - extremely slender shape.
"Nobody ordered a priest here! There's someone in his room who's probably out to harm him. Mr Holmes is in a coma because someone tried to kill him - please don’t let it happen again! "
John scrolled past a few messages, picking another at random. He would go back later and read the ones he’d skipped.
"... Your vocation, I know. But if you do not recover completely right now, you might meet your Creator sooner than you are fond of. So - off to bed. Shall I leave for a minute? "
"So he did not go with you?"
I looked up at him and realized only by my blurred vision that my eyes had filled with tears. I shook my head indecisively and was about to respond when I was cut off by the loud opening of the door.
"Neither do I. This is exactly my problem. You are always so mysterious with your alleged silence vows and your ... deductions and the secret meeting in the church, in the middle of the night ... "
Quite leisurely, William opened a drawer in his desk and pulled out an inconspicuous, square box wrapped in light-green paper, which he handed over to Jonah.
“I could have eaten this and died! Cats get intestinal blockages from ingesting tinsel.”
"Jonah!"
Brow furrowed even more deeply, Holmes cried out in an offended voice, “Spectacularly ignorant!?”
I flinched as the bells began to ring. The pews around me were still unoccupied. I shuddered. This place, which had become so familiar to me in the past few days, suddenly exhaled an almost menacing atmosphere caused by the storm and the events of the fading day, which still did not let me go. I could not tell what exactly it was, but I felt increasingly uncomfortable as it grew darker and darker in the church.
Sherlock’s hand dropped to John’s shoulder. He squeezed gently. “Another day. Here at home. With you.” Sherlock smiled. “That makes it okay.”
Sherlock looked the picture of misery, too tall for the pitifully lacking leg room and crowded right up against the wall of the plane. He plugged earbuds into his phone as soon as the plane left the gate and cranked the volume loud enough to drown out the din of conversation.
“I can do a very convincing imitation of egg allergy. Wheezing, coughing. All that.”
"No," I replied, both convinced and embittered, "All this ... was as false as the story of the deeply religious monk. He probably just wanted to talk to me to find out if I was a threat to you. "
Jonah stared at me with open mouth. "He - what ?!"
“Hey,” John whispered and lay a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Penny for your thoughts?”
so ... But how could I find out if I was not mistaken? Could I dare to simply approach him and start a conversation? He had told me his baptismal name so maybe I should address him thus? After all, he had left it up to me to choose …
The kindness and empathy that he showed almost shamed me. They showed me how imperfect I was in comparison to him. I looked around the room, glad about every distraction that might be offered to me. Only then did I notice the little bouquet of flowers that stood on Jonah's bedside table - simple garden flowers of different colors, lovingly arranged in a simple, light-blue ceramic vase. When he noticed my look, he smiled.
I straightened and saluted with a grin.
The Father smiled at me mischievously.
Sherlock slowly slid his way into John’s lap, his long legs wrapped over the arm of the chair. He fitted his forehead into the space where John’s neck met his shoulder. “Care to tell me about it?”
I put a hand on his shoulder, wanting to make him turn toward me so I could take a closer look. Only then did I notice that he was trembling. Brother Francis joined us and looked at his fellow-brother, no less worried.
"It was he who gave the police the decisive clue."
“I followed you this morning because Mycroft shared with me that he has information on Mary. Nothing solid, just hints and rumors of very dark things. I thought it best to monitor your interaction with her.” Sherlock held John’s gaze. One corner of his mouth crooked up.  “Good thing, isn’t it?”
I nodded in agreement. An easy life was really rare. But people like Brother Jonah made it more bearable.
Sherlock turned his head and kissed John’s palm. “I do. Very, very much.”
I looked shyly at my conversation partner. He lay there mute, his lips so tightly pressed together that they glimmered almost bluish. A single tear peeled from the corner of his right eye and ran down his cheek before it fell into the pillow.
"Exactly. And I'm not the type to run away from something. And you aren’t, either, I believe. Therefore, I now ask you the same question: do you want to try to face the challenge and fight the demons of your past or do you want to draw the line at this point?"
“John’s home. We can’t be disturbed.” Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist and pulled him up the stairs. “If a client comes, tell them to go away,” he threw over his shoulder.
"Thank goodness," I mumbled and got up so the paramedics could take care of their patient right away. Even as I got up, I felt the light touch on my arm as the young monk tried with the last of his strength to hold me beside him before dropping his hand in resignation. It was the saddest thing I had ever seen.
"And why not?"
"He thinks I'm not in the right condition to visit him right now."
now. It’s the
“I told you, I have plans.” Sherlock’s tone showed that he’d retreated into himself again. He spoke into his mobile, face also stony.
Brother Elijah returned soon after with the key and opened a door at the end of the corridor. Behind it was a large, bright room with two sick beds separated by a curtain. The whole wall the door sat in was taken up by cupboards with milk glass doors. The materials contained in them was not what I was accustomed to from my professional life but it was enough for the emergency first aid.
He knew he should slow down, that Sherlock needed time to adjust to his girth, but the animalistic urge that had gripped him on the stairs swept aside all tender concern. Sinking his fingers into the flesh of lean hips, John pulled Sherlock towards him while thrusting his hips forward, then pushed him forward as he withdrew. Sherlock eagerly picked up the punishing rhythm, pressing his arse into John’s pelvis.
“How? There’s no eggs on the table.”
"And you were the one?"
Jonah's entire body stiffened and he clenched his hands into fists.
The offer nodded, apparently content with my answer.
"No."
The soft voice in my back tore me out of my thoughts and made me flinch violently. Behind me stood Jonah, holding a small, leather-bound notebook in one hand, the other convulsively clawing at the fabric of his habit as if he needed something to hold on to.
"This is a pity. But of course it is your decision and if you want to leave, I will not stand in your way. "
my head without warning and I thought it was in fact a hint from above. I immediately started to implement my scheme. I had never been particularly religious but just the prospect of something new, something completely unknown, excited me tremendously. Maybe this experience would actually help me find myself. What could go wrong? It would be just four weeks - and I could leave anytime if it didn’t seem to be working for me. So why did I hesitate? For heaven’s sake, I had invaded Afghanistan - and now I was afraid of some monks?
As the men and women moved forward to take communion, I decided to take a closer look at the rest of the worshipers but without letting Brother Jonah out of my sight. If there really was someone here whose presence worried him, Jonah would surely not sit quietly and not show a reaction. As he returned from the altar to the choir loft, he cast a fearful glance at the assembled church before he lowered himself onto his knees for silent prayer. Immediately it occurred to me that, unlike his confreres, he did not close his eyes but continued to look out over all those who formed a line before the altar steps, waiting for the the two fathers who distributed the consecrated host. To my astonishment, however, his face did not change. Had the person whom he had seen leave the church? With very heavy movements, he fell back to his seat, buried his hands in his lap, and closed his eyes. He looked terribly exhausted.
I pulled up a chair and sat down at his bed.
"And yet you were threatened."
"I don’t expect a monk to understand such things," I shot a toxic look in his direction, suddenly angry that he seemed to judge my feelings.
"This is our meditation room. Normally, it’s used for seminars attended by our guests or for retreats in small groups. Of course, it also serves for private prayer but most of us prefer to pray quietly in our cell or in front of the Blessed Sacrament. Since you are our only guest at the moment and the next retreat is scheduled for Advent, hardly anyone uses it at the moment, especially since the older brothers are not particularly eager to climb to the top floor. "
John stumbled toward the ensuite as Sherlock went through the other door and down the hall. The warm water of the shower cleared his head, reviving him a bit. He used Sherlock’s shampoo and soap, absently lathering his body with his hands while he replayed the events of the evening in his mind. He realized that Sherlock had carefully controlled their actions since they’d entered 221B, subtly directing John to avoid touching his back, distracting John from embracing him fully, taking control so John wouldn’t be aware of his wounds. It dawned on John just how masterfully Sherlock had played it to avoid derailing their passion by having to explain scars and wounds.
"Then you think that Brother Francis is lying?" I asked him.
* Helium Vola: A voi che amate -
"That has to be bad," he muttered, "So - to kill a man just because he is considered 'enemy' ..."
. Shaking off the thought as not the point of their conversion, John dropped his chin and admitted, “Yeah, I understand.” His voice betrayed a hint of the tears he fought to hold in at the thought of the parade of women he’d brought through Baker Street in the beginning. “But that was before. Before Sherlock... before we … before I loved him.”
My answer seemed to please him, because he smiled and led me down a hallway, one side of which seemed to hold a number of offices, with a staircase leading down on the other side of the courtyard with its magnificent gardens, with quite an impressive number of flowers blooming despite the advanced season.
Tucking his keys into his jeans pocket, John glanced over his shoulder. “Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” He tried to keep all trace of the impatience he felt out of his voice - perhaps he could keep this brief and still manage to eat his dinner while it was still warm.
“Sherlock,” John nearly pleaded.
“Oh my dears, I can hardly believe it. And couldn’t you have given me decent notice? I’d have bought a dress and a new hat.” Mrs. Hudson fussed at them as she drew first Sherlock and then John down to kiss their cheeks.
"I ... I did not do it!" The blond stammered, looking around for help; however, none of the other brothers seemed to want to back him up. Once again, he began to defend himself, "I was not in the room at all when it happened, I left the room with you when the bell rang! What reason would I have to attack him?"
"I was told there was something that had strained you - if you would like to talk about it, I would be happy to help you."
No, I'm coming in.
The sight he offered as he left through the doorway, with his head hanging, was hard for me to bear.
After a time Sherlock kissed John’s shoulder and said, “I’ll get a towel.” John made a soft “mmm” sound in reply while Sherlock pushed up from the bed and kicked off his pants. He went into the ensuite, still wearing his crumpled dress shirt. John listened to the sound of water running and Sherlock splashing, cleaning up before he dampened a flannel for John. He returned and handed the flannel to John, which John employed while Sherlock rounded the bed and climbed back in. Instead of laying down beside John, he sat near John’s waist and inspected John’s face gravely.
"You do not have to tell me, I just thought you might want to get rid of it ..."
148 guests
I'll try to write a happy Christmas ficlet tomorrow. Until then - here's this.
"Do you remember what I told you the last time I was here with you? I meant every single word exactly as I said it. Only I would like to tell you again when you’re awake. Can you do me that favor, huh? Wake up, then everything will be fine again, I promise. "
~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~
. He helped Sherlock work his trousers and pants over his hips so they could fall to his ankles and be kicked away.
“I don’t know, that was already set up when I moved in.”
The squeak of door hinges woke Sherlock early the next morning. He scrambled to a sitting position and found himself face to face with a man in Carharts with a hardhat wedged under one arm. Counting on the element of surprise, Sherlock surged forward. Instead of knocking the man over as he’d planned, he found himself swung around by his elbow and held firmly against the driver’s chest. “Frank!” his captor yelled. “Hey Frank!”
he’d been to commit to a woman he knew he couldn’t really love.
John heard him thundering down the staircase.
"Entirely my opinion."
"You have seen yourself that nobody can help him at the moment."
I gave up. Apparently there was no chance to talk him round when it came to leaving the monastery. But at least I wanted to know the reason.
"You know it, my boy."
Mouth turning down at the corners, Sherlock just nodded against John’s shoulder, too overwhelmed by the alarm blaring in his mind palace to reply.
"I don’t know how I can help you - I do not have access to the cells."
John laughed softly and conceded the point. “I still have to talk to Mary. To explain things to her.”
"To what extent should the welfare of the community be in danger if a novice leaves the monastery for a day? Especially if it may be the last time he can see the man who is one of the most important people to him? "
“Oh no, one spy in the family is enough. I’m quite content at the surgery.”
He went on his way while I decided to follow his advice and ring the bell next door. A middle-aged man with a completely forgettable face opened the door and looked at me suspiciously.
Sherlock shot John a sharp glance. Rattled, it took John a moment to realize that Harry was asking about Mary, not pointing out that it had been Mary who pulled the trigger. He cleared his throat to fill his pause. “We’re.” He picked up his water glass and took a sip. “We’re living apart. Separated.”
John sat on the step and ran a hand soothingly down the back of Sherlock’s head, stopping to squeeze his nape. “Hey, Sherlock. It’s okay.”
Why are you saying this?
"That I will die. They found me. And now they will kill me. Maybe I should spare them the effort and do it myself. "
"Sounds like a rhetorical question."
As Jonah set off, I went to my room to stow the drawing safely - after all, it was the only memory of Brother William that would stay with me when I returned home. Home to my boring, monotonous life and my superficial friends who did not deserve that title. Everything was different here. People who barely knew me had taken me in, integrated me without hesitation into their daily lives and opened their hearts to me. However, when I thought back to my last conversation with Jonah, I became painfully aware of the price this cooperation could sometimes have - the needs of the individual were secondary, what mattered was only the good of the community. In the long run that would probably have been no alternative for me.
"Good morning," he greeted and nodded to me in a friendly way, "I apologize to you, Doctor Watson - you came here to find peace and instead you are confronted with the depths of the human soul. "
"Go back to sleep," I whispered, "I just wanted to see you briefly, I'll come back tomorrow."
John hissed a breath between his clenched teeth. “Okay, then, Mycroft, I suppose this is your form of apology.”
“At least let me get it over my head before you start that…”
For a moment, John thought that Sherlock might actually smile. A real smile, a smile full of warmth, like he used to reserve for John. It had been weeks since John had seen that smile and he realized how much he missed it. Then the ghost-of-a-smile was gone.
Jonah looked at me without understanding.
The blond sniffed abjectly.
"Someone I'm sure would fulfill his mission according to my instructions and would never betray me afterwards."
"... to see his seriously ill friend one last time?"
"I'm sorry, but the Prior is in a meeting and Father Andrew is teaching right now, I would not like to disturb him ..."
“Well, it doesn’t exactly contribute credence to my image.”
“Not in so many words, but yes. She did.”
With unprecedented severity, William threw aside the magnifying glass and gave the envelope a push, which conveyed it to the other end of the desk, although its contents scattered onto the whole table.
"Well then, hurry up!"
"I don’t like to waste too much time with useless talk, so I want to get to the point. I don’t know what's going on between you and Brother William, and I'm not really concerned. But the matter is different when the interests of the Order are involved, and that is precisely what I worry about at the moment. "
"Brother William, I'd like to talk to you for a minute."
Suddenly the food in John’s mouth disgusted him. He remembered a day, close to the date of Sherlock’s note. He and Mary had taken her car to the coast. It had been her idea and John had just gone along. They’d walked along the cliffs then found a rickety staircase leading to the narrow strip of beach below. It had been windy, and cold. The spray from the water clung to Mary’s hair and eyelashes. He’d looked at her, with droplets sparkling like diamonds in the sunlight, and thought to himself,
I could only snort, stunned.
, and they’d spent the night entwined together, sleeping peacefully after blazing-hot sex. He felt an answering smile stretch across his face and couldn’t have stifled it if he’d wanted. “It is a good morning,” he murmured and kissed Sherlock again and again.
"Yes, you can and you will."
My eyes fell on the monks, who entered the church in pairs. The novices went directly behind the abbot, behind them the simple brethren followed, and the monks who had received the priestly ordination concluded the procession. I spotted Jonah, followed directly by William. The blond still seemed pale, while his mentor walked behind him with his back straight and step firm but seemed to be on his guard. His lips were tightly pressed together, his eyes sweeping inconspicuously back and forth as if they were scanning  the room. For a short moment our eyes met. Did he know I was the one who had overheard him? His face was inscrutable and he did not seem to mind. Jonah, on the other hand ... The poor man looked terribly nervous, looked up again and again from his prayer book and, like William, looked around the room restlessly but he did not bother to hide his panic. His head jerked to the left and to the right, his eyes searched frantically, remained briefly on me, then went on to the other people present. A person in the back of the church seemed to be captivating his attention but he could not see him clearly through his glasses. He blinked, took off the visual aid, cleaned the glass unobtrusively on the sleeve of his habit, then tried it again. Inconspicuously I tried to look around but did not see much, as an older gentleman of stout stature two rows behind me blocked my view.
I stared at the novice
The openness and trust in that smile momentarily took John’s breath away. The Sherlock that greeted him this morning was unlike any version of his flatmate John had ever encountered.
Enough of these musings! Violet had gotten up early to make sure everything would be done on time. She wanted a perfect family Christmas this year. Even without grandchildren, it would be wonderful to have a house full of people.
"Yes, thank you Ms. Thompson."
"Indeed. You can see how he reacts quite recently ... But anyway it was to be assumed that he would not be able to withstand the pressure any more ... "
I jumped up hastily, spilling the content of the folder and my writing utensils onto the floor. To my surprise, the blond smiled indulgently and hurried to eliminate the mess that I had caused.
I followed him some during the two years that followed, before I left London for the four corners of the Earth.
"That makes sense ... wait, you said he had come here only a year ago?"
Oh god.
"In any case, that was the moment when I decided to dedicate my life to God - after all, I would have lost it without his help. I made a commitment and when I got better, I settled some private affairs then asked to join the order. And I have not regretted it for a second. "
"Then his parents are still alive?," I asked and could have slapped myself in the next moment - not only was this not unusual for a man in his early thirties, I had also completely forgotten Jonah’s parents weren’t alive anymore. However, he did not remark on my faux pas and began to leaf through the book.
"If it is still your will, then you may make your profession on Sunday in three weeks."
It was time to face the truth and admit to the feelings which could no longer be denied: I was attracted to him. A lot. I wanted him in an almost primitive way and could not take his eyes away from his shapely body, my brain could not stop to let upon the images in my mind's eye, the hands that dug into dark curls and flawless pale skin under a sliding black habit. The thought sparked guilt in me, and I blushed and felt restless. I gritted my teeth until they gave off a resounding, unhealthy crunching. I only had one choice when it came to doing the right thing.
It was only when the bell rang for morning prayer that I realized I must have fallen asleep after Brother William left. His nocturnal visit seemed strangely surreal in the cold light of dawn - had he even been here, in my room? Or had my mind, plagued by the unusual sleep pattern I’d experienced in the monastery, played a trick on me? I looked around for an indication that I had not imagined his presence, but of course I found nothing. Nevertheless, I was convinced that the encounter had to have actually occurred. After all, I could clearly remember his voice! Well ... at least I
"Shouldn’t someone go after him?" I asked, puzzled, for it surprised me that the other brothers had been aware of his change of mood but apparently were not willing to go after him, although that might have been necessary.
No. Don't —
"Jonah!" I exclaimed in a subdued voice as I got up.
The breathless quality of Sherlock’s voice stoked John’s animal instincts. “On the bed. Kneel,” John growled
Sherlock stood with his back to one of the floor-to-ceiling windows, his cane leaned against the desk, playing his violin with his eyes closed, his body swaying softly to the rhythm of the song. What had begun as a slow, sustained melody increased more and more to fast, bell-like sequences that brought a touch of spring into the dreary, wintry world. I waited in the doorway until he finished the piece and turned to me.
"Is there a fixed seating plan?"
They held still, both hands and body motionless while Sherlock's lips lingered on John’s temple in a soft caress while he made soft comforting sounds. John pulled in long breaths through his nose and blew them out his mouth and relaxed his weight against Sherlock’s firm form behind him until he felt the fire recede a little. The ember still glowed in his belly but the urgent, white-hot flames subsided.
Even though I was still wondering how far he would have gone - what might have evolved from our relationship - if the overwhelming events of the last days hadn’t happened. Was he really so serious with his faith that he could easily hide all the human feelings? Did he not he have weak moments in which he doubted his calling? Never? Doubts were only human, as were the emotions which had overwhelmingly overtaken him today. He did not seem to me to be the type of person who was able to handle such feelings. I had a completely new idea - what if he had just taken a vow of silence to distance himself from others? If this was the reason and not, as he had led all the others believe, his desire to build a deeper relationship with God - that would at least explain why he was breaking his silence for a few people. Such people who approached him in a certain way. As for Jonah, I was well aware that the two spent much time together; after all, William was his mentor. What did it mean then that he also involve me in the small circle of people he seemed to trust?
Sherlock spent the cab ride home looking out of the window, calming by degrees. But John could feel residual tension in the hand he still held. He figured it was caused as much by Sherlock’s shame at having broken down as by the events leading up to his break down.  And John, as a battle hardened veteran of Kandahar and Helmand Province, packaged up his shock at seeing his girlfriend point a gun at his chest and stuffed it to the back of his mind. He was good at doing that. Why process the horror of life if he didn’t have to? Just live through it and move on - that’s what had worked for 38 years. Why change it now?
"I just want to understand it," I whispered placidly and waited until he finally looked at me and began to speak with a deep sigh.
John dressed quickly after his shower and went into the sparsely-furnished living room.  He wasn’t quite sure where the cameras and microphones were hidden, so he turned in a slow circle as he spoke. “Mycroft, I’m ready to leave now.”
Only by the dim light?
"I'm not doing well."
at the slightest touch
“That’s not little. Actually it’s quite … large.”
be cheaper.”
"Hey!" He called after me again and although I was determined to ignore him, I turned around again.
And the sounds - breathless “ahs” and “ohs” mixed with impatient “mnnnn” sounds while Sherlock quickly worked himself open, obviously wanting to get it over with and regain his connection with John. John picked up the bottle and slicked his own fingers and his aching erection. He was a little alarmed when Sherlock dropped his hand and leaned forward on both elbows, groaning, “John, come on.”
Jonah hesitated as long as he could, but when he realized I was not going to give up quickly, he sighed.
He nodded in agreement and then came to the point immediately.
"Yes, but why is that?"
of the situation overwhelmed John.  Waves of agony broke over him and he cried silently, mourning what he and Sherlock had lost.
“Yea, thanks. Send a laptop too. Mine’s at home, and there are some things I need to look up.”
That ache drove John to stop off at the Off-License for a good bottle of wine on his way home from work - wine several cuts above the usual middle shelf merlot he usually threw in the trolley while getting the shopping. If he could create a special surprise for Sherlock, maybe they could have a nice evening for a change. Perhaps they could relax and talk instead of sniping at each other, as most of their conversations devolved into recently.
I reached for his hand and gently massaged his knuckles to soothe him.
The feeling of wanting to sink into the ground in shame suddenly overwhelmed me. Mutual accusations - how long had Prior Lambert been standing in the doorway? Had he heard how I had approached Brother William on his nightly visit to my room? Or the honey ...? Oh my God. My whole face felt like flame and I would liked to have fled immediately.
"Outside," he signed, "My brother is on the board of a clinic where I can learn to speak and walk again."
He was monosyllabic, but by now I had learned that he was always like that when his thoughts had not quite reached the here and now; a peculiarity that I did not take personally. Still, I hesitated, unsure if I would ask too much from him with the request I wanted to make of him. I cleared my throat.
He started toward the door but John’s voice, so soft he could have missed it, stopped him abruptly.
Despite the tense situation, Father Christopher snorted with amusement.
. You fucking
Oh, what was all this? I would skip the Vigil, I decided. I crawled under my covers again and turned my face towards the wall, away from the window; I did not want to be tempted to stare again. Perhaps William himself had long since gone to bed to get a little sleep. Or - and the thought now preyed on my mind very stubbornly - he had not arrived at all. Could it be that someone had intercepted him on the way? I was not comfortable with that thought. It was not forbidden to sneak through the corridors at night, but as he seemed to be under observation anyway, it might lead to unpleasant questions. But why did I care? He was an adult, he could take care of himself. And I would see tomorrow morning if he was alright.
"I'm sure my brother has already explained the details of my profession to you so let's get straight to the point."
But what does that mean? Was he simply relieved that my brain devoted itself to other things than planning a murder attack on his confreres, or …
Mrs. Hudson grinned. Her eyes twinkled at Sherlock.
A cab was waiting outside the door - Sherlock had called for one while John changed. They slid in side by side and were silent for several minutes. John finally took Sherlock’s hand. “Did you look up the requirements?”he asked. “Is there any kind of waiting period?”
Brother Jonah stood in the doorway, looking stunned as I stowed my clothes and my notebook in my bag.
He looked as if he meant every single word exactly as he said it. I could not help but to admire this young man from the depths of my heart.
Sherlock unfolded himself out of the cab and flipped a 20 to the driver. “No one else who could have picked up Mrs. Hudson and still managed to arrive before us.” Sherlock turned and smiled broadly as Mycroft helped their dear landlady up from the back of the towncar. He strode toward them with John just a step behind.
"Our lost son has returned home," said the elder monk, who had served at the gate at noon - resting on his shoulder, Brother Jonah stepped into the room, and even though he was limping and his habit was torn at the side, he seemed to be well except for a few minor scratches on his face. Immediately, his brothers scrambled around him, escorted him to a place by the fireplace and pressed a cup of tea into his freezing hands.
"Do you condemn me for what I have done?"
He never begged, but extreme circumstances called for extreme measures. “Please, Frank.” The watery note in his voice wasn't an act. Sherlock was terrified.
But they both felt a little hopeful for the Christmas to come.
"He was so shocked when he saw that you were hurt, that he violated his vow - and he wants to repent now. But I am sure that he will come as soon as he is himself again. "
"He wants to know what's going to happen to his bees."
"To find myself."
. And they had slept together. Perhaps that was the tiny detail that had thrown me into a crisis, but it opened many questions, which now stormed me with force - and no one could answer. If Brother William was actually homosexual - how could I have allowed him to lick honey from my finger? I had always been reluctant to admit the gesture had sexual undertones, but could there be a different interpretation? My idea of the innocent, god-fearing monk was more or less destroyed and I found myself more convinced than ever that this man knew exactly what he was doing.
Annoyed, I sighed and turned away.
for a bruised, battered soul.
"Give Brother Francis our wishes for quick recovery. And, of course, Brother William too, even if he does not appreciate it, "he added, almost uncertainly.
- it shot through my head, but before I could think about it, a loud hiss, followed by a moan, pulled my gaze to his leg. He’d demolished the bandage and thus revealed the still slightly bleeding wound.
“Doctor Watson. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Mycroft said coolly. He obviously found no pleasure in hearing from John.
"He studied chemistry and pursues it with a passion - even though his main focus is currently on herbal medicine. His vow of silence protects him from unnecessary small talk, which suits him well. People respect him, but don’t bother him. He doesn’t have to worry about anything, because he is satisfied with his basic needs - everything else is superfluous luxury, which he abhors anyway. His brother has always been a daunting example of how too much money can change a person. And as far as sexuality is concerned ... "
Perhaps he wasn’t as upset with Mycroft as he’d earlier thought.
"I beg your pardon?"
I swallowed. Yes, that definitely clarified things for me.
“Serbia,” Sherlock murmured, cutting off John’s thought before he could finish it. “A few did reopen from hitting the ground on my back, but it wasn’t much.”
Pawing at each other’s clothing, kissing and groping, they ended up in the kitchen. Sherlock’s coat and jacket had been shed on the way, along with his shoes. Continuing to murmur filthy phrases without paying much attention to the words that left his mouth, John found his shirt hanging from the waistband of his jeans, flapping behind him. He didn’t remember shucking his jacket - Sherlock must have worked it off at some point. Frustrated at his constraining clothing, John quickly unbuttoned his jeans and shoved them down roughly. His pants went the same path and he kicked his shoes off impatiently then the offending clothing.
"Better."
"How did the police get here so fast?"
Placing a kiss on the tender skin behind John’s ear, Sherlock murmured, “Wait for me.”  Sherlock’s hand shifted. His thumb and forefinger formed a tight ring around the base of John’s cock. He held on tightly.
"How can you know it all?" I looked at Sherlock. He could not have learned such a complex language in addition to his theological training, right?
London would still be bustling at not-quite-midnight on a warm Thursday in May. He could walk off his melancholy and perhaps return to get some rest in an hour or so.
Sherlock brought it up just after John lit the logs in the fireplace and settled into his armchair with a book. “What do you think about getting married again?” Sherlock’s voice was neutral and partially muffled by the sofa arm he’d draped himself over.
"Thank you for escorting me."
"Everyone should bring in the talents given to him by the Lord, for the benefit of the community, and both medicinal herbs and honey are often of great use to us all. And as I said, if you would like to help Brother William occasionally, he would not mind. "
When I stopped my car in the gravel parking lot in front of the hospital, I thought for the first time of how I would proceed. Of course, I couldn't just walk in the door, ask about Brother William, and expect to be sent to him so easily - but I did not have any other promising plan. Perhaps the clinic staff would be persuaded by my argument that  I had treated him during the emergency and now wanted to check on his condition? I had to try it - there was no other way.
"They stand for the three vows - poverty, chastity and obedience."
John raised a hand to stroke Sherlock’s neck. “What about you?”
"Good."
And she looked good. Very different from the last time John had seen her. Along with clear eyes and steady hands, Harry sported a smart jacket and nicely tailored skirt in soft grey and a beautiful yellow cashmere scarf that flattered her golden brown hair and deep blue eyes.
went through my head. As he stood there in his black habit with the hood thrown back, the slender, pale fingers clasped over the waist, looking at me with his pale blue eyes …
“What are you doing?”
"No, I..."
In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen.
"What dangers? No one knew about our connection! "
John thought about yelling Mycroft’s name again, sure the phone on the end table would ring immediately but suddenly he just didn’t feel like engaging in the outside world.
. He saw the two years Sherlock had been deprived of this closeness and he saw Sherlock’s need for release, his need for control, his need to reclaim what had been his but had been touched by other hands, other mouths, other sex. John flattened his leg and dug in with both heels, the better to meet Sherlock’s hips with his own. He pushed Sherlock's pants down as far as the elastic would stretch over Sherlock's spread thighs, stopping at the tops of his thighs. He stroked Sherlock's exposed thigh then caressed his bollocks gently.
Relief flooded John at Sherlock’s words. He leaned down and kissed Sherlock tenderly. “I wasn’t sure…”
do,” John growled.
I nodded again, just willing to let him go on.
After the experience I had during yesterday's Mass at the sight of his curly head, I tried hard not to look at him now; as he moved along in the dimly lit church with the other brothers, as he sat down in his seat, the slender fingers leafing through the small prayer book and ... damn. Why, exactly, did this happen to me? As much as I tried, as he knelt before the Prior as he’d done the day before and accepted
Why did the cool metal seem to burn where it grazed Sherlock’s skin?
should soothe
Mycroft reached out and tapped the file folder lying forgotten in John’s lap. “And now. What are you going to do with this information? Surely you know how my brother is suffering. Knowing that you were waiting for him was the hope that sustained him through several truly horrible experiences.” He  lifted a thin laptop from a black briefcase on the floor beside his feet. “I suggest you start with the most recent message and work backward. It will take you weeks to get through them all. Starting at the beginning may be a neater approach, but the messages truly relevant to your current situation will be the most recent. Work backward. It’s best for you, and for Sherlock.”
“Perhaps I’d have planned to stay in if the atmosphere were more pleasant.”
I turned to see a young man with tangled blond hair and grubby clothes lounging on a bench in front of the British Museum, staring straight at me.
"Jonah, please - I do not want to disappoint you, especially not after what you've done for me. It is really not your fault, but ... "
real name, by the way?"
“No, I don't need it.” Sherlock yawned an honest-to-goodness yawn. He would like to have stretched but it was out of the question in his present accommodations.
Sherlock had never been fond of the Christmas season and it lost any thrill for John after the disastrous Christmas day when Sherlock killed a man for him. (Not that he’d planned it that way. At least Sherlock wasn’t a premeditated murderer.)
the simplest things? It’s just good manners!” John’s voice rose to a mocking tone. “Sherlock, turn off your phone at the table. Sherlock, hang up your bath towels. Sherlock, close the cabinet doors. Sherlock…”
"And ... you don’t care?" I asked skeptically, although I was aware that I indirectly admitted that I felt something for the dark-haired monk.
As I passed through the lobby, I spotted Tessa speaking with a middle-aged man with heavily groomed, reddish hair, waving an umbrella next to him, looking through the entries in the visitor list. She noticed me and nodded unobtrusively in my direction whereupon the man, dressed in an elegant black three-piece suit, turned to me and examined me from top to bottom. He approached me and stood so close that I felt uncomfortable at the lack of distance.
While everyone else joked and laughed with each other, I kept my eyes on Sherlock, to see if he needed anything else, to offer him tea and scones, and to keep close to him. At some point I felt him inconspicuously grab my hand under the table and I squeezed back vigorously. How was I supposed to live with heartbreak of ever letting go?
“Hello,” John murmured softly.
To think that if he hadn’t been hit by the biker, he would have known about the specimens the next day. He would have chuckled about Sherlock’s performance, not reeled in shocked grief. He would have stayed at Baker Street (
"So that means you know who they are?"
of it – never had to be.  John need never suffer more than missing Sherlock while he was away and worrying about his dangerous mission. That would have been a damn sight better than mourning his suicide.
Overjoyed, the Jonah breathed a soft 'thank you', grabbed the offered hand, and bowed briefly. The older man patted him on the back of his hand as if the happy news had been only a formality for him. In his swinging step, however, it was quite easy to see that he was very happy about the decision.
I looked at my watch. It was just before 5pm.
“Just make sure there’s a computer in the car Mycroft. Leave Mary out of this.” John fought to control the quiver in his voice.
I am sorry it took so long to get this chapter out. But, you'll notice that the chapter count went up by a chapter. I've had the general idea for what I want the chapter to be rolling around in the back of my head for a month. Lots of things in Real Life kept getting in the way of my actually being able to write it out.
I tried to hold back Jonah but he freed himself with unimaginable force from my grip.
I wanted to appeal but Prior Lambert raised his hand and commanded me to let him talk.
Face an embarrassed crimson, John turned once again to face his flatmate. “Then what is it?”
"Hello Jonah. You seem to be doing better ... you're drawing? "
Because Sherlock had always had the habit of fake-smiling often, most people don’t notice. But John does.
"Alright, without pathological findings. Although it would still be better if you would agree to have a computer tomography ... "
Sherlock made a dismissive gesture. “I knew you’d want to do the honorable thing. Dull. Surely she’ll have figured it out by now.”
"Afghanistan ..." I replied stunned and stared at the monk with my mouth open, "But you can not possibly have seen all that. Prior Lambert must have told you ..."
“No, John! I told you! The phone call! From the roof – remember? I told you about the secure site, how to access it and the password? John! I sent you 400 messages! Please tell me you read them!” Sherlock’s composure cracked. He clutched at John’s arms, trying to will him to understand.
"Father, things are going on here that worry me ...."
Fascinated, I stared at him.
I cleared my throat as I stood before his table, but this did not help much; still my voice sounded hoarse and rough as if after a long cold.
"I want to visit my brother - Sherlock Holmes. He was admitted this morning with poisoning. "
“Well, dear, you know Sherlock’s bedroom is right over mine.”
He came to me, grabbed me by the arm and turned me around to face him.  "John, at least talk to me - what happened? Why do you want to leave us so suddenly? If I have done anything, if I have upset you, then ... "
"You've been listening?"
"That sounds very good, John. How about your family? Are you still in contact with your sister? "
Sounds of disbelief filled the crowd of gathered brothers as they stepped back and turned to the accused, forming a semicircle around him.
"Let him have some time to himself, I think he needs it now. Brother William will take care of him. "
I smiled thanks and took a sip of my tea, leaned back in exhaustion and closed my eyes for a moment.
Patting the pockets of his coat, Sherlock found cigarettes and lighter then scooped up his phone and keys from the coffee table. Treading quietly to avoid disturbing both Mrs. Hudson and John, Sherlock headed out into the balmy night air.
"Sherlock," I murmured, reaching for his hand again, interlacing my fingers with his and looking into his pale face, his closed eyes, and tangled hair, "You must not die. Please wake up!"
I nodded, resigned, but hurt by his mistrust.
"Is he a Frenchman?"
"Probably."
John held up his hands in front of him, palms toward Mary. He spoke slowly and soothingly. “Okay, Mary. Just, um ... Put that down, okay? We can talk. Let’s sit down. How about you put that away? And turn on the kettle? We can talk over tea.” He edged toward the kitchen table and drew out a chair for Mary, then slowly scooted around the table to the other side. He stood behind his chair, facing Mary and the still-poised gun. “Come on, sweetheart. Let’s talk this out.” He sat, smiling reassuringly and leaving both hands in sight, flat against the table. The sound of his heartbeat thudded in his ears, nearly drowning out all other sounds in the room.
John loves it when Sherlock neglects to shave for a few days. He loves feeling the drag of Sherlock’s scruffy beard against his face, his neck, his belly. It makes him feel manly - unmistakable that he’s loved by the cleverest man in Britain.
"Do you really wear ... something under it?" I asked in a mixture of restraint and curiosity and let my eyes wander over the white undergarment, which covered his body and made him look like a strange caricature of a dark curly-haired Christmas angel.
"Nowhere. I refused to leave the hospital, let alone the country. My decision was already made - I wanted to serve God. Here, in this country and in this monastery. Anything else was out of the question for me. "
The thought of Sherlock stroking them both together sent a jolt of fire to the pit of John’s stomach. His head dropped back against Sherlock’s and he groaned - loudly. “Oh, God, Sherlock!”
They ate in silence for a little while but all too soon, Sherlock began to fidget. He’d finished less than a third of his fish and hadn’t touched his slaw when he started glancing at his watch, then his phone. Its text alert had continued to chime while they ate. John couldn’t see the sender from across the table and it irritated him further that Sherlock didn’t mention who it was.
"He could have been close to me when he visited me in my room in the middle of the night. He knew that I felt something for him, but instead, he handed me some monk’s pepper tree to make me think clearly again. If everything was as you say, it would have been the ideal opportunity for him - we were alone and he knew only too well how much I wanted him ... And I thought he'd just rejected me for his chastity vow ...silly me!"
"Why did you come here, John?"
Allright, gentle readers: we've done angst, we've done smut. What's left? Fluff!
I muttered my agreement and began to wonder what I had just gotten myself into. So much for contemplative monastic life.
“Yeah, not bad. Bit smoked.” John glanced up at Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t like what he saw in that glance:  mistrust, blame, simmering anger, hurt.
"Yes, he's very quiet."
“Anyway, his name’s Billy. I gotta get back. Frank said to put him to work, so he’d better be plenty tired when Frank gets home.” With that, Saul retreated through the foyer and out the back door.
More turned on than he’d ever been in his life, John was already on the edge. He wanted to come - but he also never wanted this to never end. “Sherlock, I’m close,” he gasped.
Inwardly, I smiled as bright as the sun. I could spend more time with Brother William in the future ... Now, after our joint afternoon was so relaxing, I was really looking forward to it. I would have to see, of course, that my feelings did not get in the way, but in this respect I was now quite hopeful.
John huffed a laugh to cut Sherlock off. “But it wasn’t with the cleverest man in London. You know just what I like.”
"What do you mean by 'whether he can return'?"
I hesitated, but then decided to give him an honest answer.
“But you hate it.”
After I had duly signed out after lunch, I made my way to the hospital, carrying many good wishes from the Brothers for the patient. Again, I had to wait a moment in the small waiting area in front of the entrance to ICU. In about fifteen minutes, Mycroft Holmes came down the hall. He seemed a little surprised to see me there. Briefly, he looked me up and down, but then he held out his hand.
And the ordinary day Sherlock wrote about? Doing those things with Sherlock never seemed
He gazed at me one last time and gave me a small, sad smile.
I loved my job; it had been the only thing I had left since I returned from Afghanistan. Maybe I had begun working too early, but the paltry pension the Army paid me simply was not enough to pay for the small apartment in London, which I had on my return. The landlord had already threatened to evict me so it was like a sign from heaven appeared when I encountered my former fellow student Mike Stamford one morning. He invited me for coffee and talked about his job at Bart's, where he had already worked during our training. When he learned of my financial difficulties, he invited me to apply there and offered to possibly put in a good word for me, should the clinic have vacancies that needed to be filled. Just a week later he called and gave me a job in the emergency room, for which I seemed predestined because of my military background and the associated stress resistance.
John read the transcript while clutching another pint, taking occasional gulps to buck up his courage. By the end he was shaking and sweating and breathing deeply. He picked up the next sheet in the folder. It contained a web address, user ID and password. Underneath, Sherlock had typed:
"I was received here with open arms, although everyone knew that I have had massive problems in my past. But from the beginning I was assured that it would be perfectly fine if I left my past life behind me. Nobody ever asked me to tell what problems plagued me but I would have found an open ear whenever I wanted to talk about it. "
Through the thin fabric I could see his eyes screw up, but at the same time he was smiling. I wanted to approach him to watch him work, but he commanded me to stand where I was with his hand raised.
Frank looked Sherlock up and down. He took a cigar out of the top desk drawer and took his time clipping the end then lighting it, not glancing at Sherlock again. When a glowing coal was well established, Frank took a long draw and looked directly into Sherlock’s defiant eyes. “So tell me, kid. What are you doing in my truck?”
As he pronounced the words, I was not sure if they were actually meant as a compliment or an expression of his ubiquitous cynicism. But what he said next made me freeze:
"This is Mrs. Hudson, my landlady." Sherlock introduced her before stepping beside her and looking at me lovingly, "Mrs. Hudson, that's ... John."
Harry laughed and nodded her thanks.
I went over to him and he put the violin aside, but that was exactly what I was trying to prevent. It had been so long since I had heard him play, so long since he had last managed to control his hands long enough to elicit such wonderful sounds from the strings of his instrument.
He nodded sadly.
“Well, most. I may group a few together if it seems right. I haven’t read them all yet.”
I stayed in my hiding place until I could be sure that the two men had left. Only when they’d disappeared through the door and the gap under it lay again in perfect blackness, could I be sure that they had also left the adjoining corridor. I scurried as inconspicuously as possible to the western portal through which I had entered the church. Although the guest rooms were on the opposite side of the building complex, I was still concerned I’d meet another person in the hallway. I had not been the one who had come to a secret meeting in the church in the middle of the night, yet I felt guilty. One does not secretly eavesdrop on other people - every child knew that!
However, as it soon turned out, I would not get very far.
"What do you mean by that?"
As if something had suddenly occurred to him, Jonah broke away from me.
Like a tiger in a cage, I paced around the little room. Any attempt to bridge the time until Brother Williams' presumed appearance failed and I was tired of waiting. Perhaps he had changed his mind and would not come at all! It was already after half past ten and my plan to get some sleep before the Vigil started had receded. I watched as the minute hand of my alarm clock moved towards twelve. He would not come; I was sure about that now. The Complet had finished at 20:40, and after that the friars had gone to bed. Even if he had waited until the floor had been quiet, to be able to go unnoticed, he would have been here already a long time ago. Either something had happened to him, or, more likely, he had simply changed his mind.
"John, you ... offered me your help a few days ago ... and now I would like to take it."
he thought.
Again it was Brother Jonah's voice and he sounded frightened to death. The other man remained calm but suddenly he was in a hurry, as I could hear from the sudden rustle of robes.
Instead, he merely licked his lips and said lightly, “I thought we could eat together tonight.”
As soon as he had opened the door for me, I had to shout out the good news; I could not wait a second longer.
The elder shrugged his shoulders. "I can not tell you, but it clearly has your name written on it."
"If he doesn’t speak, no one can ask him questions about his past and why he’s here now."
“Put the mug down and keep your hands flat on the table,” Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers ordered.
"I'm not supposed to worry?" He replied sharply, "Seriously, John? Without me he would never have been in this position, without me he would not have to fight for his life - it's my damn fault he was poisoned, do you understand? If I had not given him those bloody chocolates, he would be perfectly healthy by now. If he dies, then it is my fault alone! "
"To forget."
Who cared about social conventions when it came to life and death? The thought that this could be the last time I could feel him so close terrified me. He didn’t seem to care, for he was now leaning his head against my shoulder and readily allowing the touch. Even through the thick cotton layers of his habit, I could feel him trembling. Involuntarily, memories of my time in the military returned; there, too, I had seen men who could disguise anything else, but at a certain point, approaching death, they panicked, screaming and crying and unable to calm down - and almost always their fright had proved to be justified and the worst had happened. I tried not to think about it any longer in order to be able to assist the man at my side. His head still rested on my shoulder; I leaned slightly against it, so I could feel its full curls through my thinning hair.
"If I can help you somehow..."
again. Not the angry man who sniped at the smallest provocation, not the man so wrapped in his own misery that he didn’t even notice that Sherlock was lonely, too. He felt a tear spill over and slip down his cheek and was mortified that John would see his desperation.
"Wait here a minute!" He begged and scurried down the hall towards his room. He returned a short time later with a worn, leather-bound book.
"Okay? Jonah, do you think you can walk up the stairs? Otherwise I'll have to get someone to carry you up."
"I um ... I'm just a guest, I don’t want to bother you in your free time ..."
"You had a paper hidden? Where?"
Sherlock lifted his head to meet John’s eyes. “You never said.”
easy. And if John didn’t love her like he loved Sherlock – well,
"That's not clear yet," Father Andrew tried to placate those present, "but we should not disregard the possibility that it was a tragic accident. At the moment we can only hope that Brother William awakens from the coma and enlightens us concerning these events. And we should ask for an ambulance for Brother Francis, don’t you think, Doctor? "
"Look, if you don’t believe me," Sherlock smiled indulgently, watching me carefully take what was once a person’s head and carefully inspect it. A paper, not visible unless someone held the skull and turned it over, hid between the molars.
"Hello John, nice to see you!"
“I can’t believe we did it. We woke up this morning single and now we’re married,” John murmured as he clasped Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock’s lip wobbled in reply so he bent to kiss his husband to steady it.
Not since the time when Mycroft thought sending him to a military school in America would help curb his cocaine use. Part of the intake process at the ridiculously expensive school had been to fit him with a navy blue and gold quasi-military uniform and clipper cut his hair to an eighth of an inch.
"As long as I."
The other monk handed a simple white envelope to him with a typewritten 'Brother Jonah' as the addressee; the
“Oh, god, Mycroft,” Sherlock moaned, “He surely thought…he believed that I’d committed suicide. He thought I was dead.” Sherlock’s stomach roiled at what he would have thought and done if the roles were reversed and he believed John had killed himself. He feared he would be sick. “What do I do now?”
He looked at me and rolled his eyes.
Jonah cleared his throat before continuing. Of course, that was a touchy subject, especially if you were the ex-partner of the person in question, so I didn’t expect the novice to continue.  I was all the more surprised when he did, though hesitantly.
Mrs. Hudson noticed his eyes linger on the ashtray. “I don’t believe you’re old enough yet for an herbal soother. I’ve got a bad hip - helps with the pain.” She patted her hip as she spoke.
The bed was a mess, they were both a mess, they’d have to strip it and wash the sheets before bedtime. But for now, John was content to hold Sherlock’s hand, to feel Sherlock’s arm around him and to place a kiss on Sherlock’s sweaty forehead.
"That's all."
He removed his glasses and picked up a list, which he skimmed briefly before his eyes met mine.
One sunny day in early summer I decided to spend my day off taking a long walk in Regent's Park. It was still early so apart from a few older people and mothers with small children, I rarely met anyone else. Instead of heading to the closest Tube station when I was done, I walked a little further along Marylebone High Street with no destination, no plan, just enjoying the first warm rays of sunshine on my skin. When I passed a branch of Daunt Books, I spontaneously decided that it had been far too long since I’d read a book. A good book would be just right! I rummaged a bit and then settled on a nearly 900-page novel about the lives of four friends in New York. The city had always interested me, yet I’d never been. Well, another point I could put on my to-do list.
From his expression, I gathered that I was threatened with expulsion even before I had unpacked my stuff, so I tried to regain control over myself.
He just shook his head silently and turned back to the animals, who were eagerly flying around us. I ducked away for a moment, as one of the little striped creatures came dangerously close to my cheek but otherwise I remained still. It amazed me that I was not afraid of stings but perhaps it was just the presence of this fascinating man who gave me such a sense of security that any thought of possible dangers immediately disappeared from my mind - even though he ignored me completely. I enjoyed the moment as long as I could - just the two of us, the bees and the spicy smell of burning herbs that escaped his pipe, white smoke swaths and first autumn leaves. It could have been almost romantic.
He winced at how unfairly he’d treated Mary. He’d used her as a distraction to crawl out of the pit of his mourning for Sherlock. It wasn’t fair to her. He genuinely
He fell silent and looked at me questioningly, before he mumbled something to my reproving look that sounded like 'It doesn’t matter...'.
Here's some rough sex to make up for the long wait. And to anyone who continues to read despite my irregular posting schedule - thanks for sticking with my fic!
We entered a small room next to the kitchen, which had formerly been a storage room, but which was now home to two things: dried herbs, hanging from the ceiling in small bunches, and a barrel-like wooden utensil in a corner of the room that stood on the floor. Brother William walked over towards the strange-looking item and opened the lid.
"Better our lives than our freedom."
"Open your eyes," I asked again, "Do you think you can walk if I support you?"
"You're fluent in sign language," I said unnecessarily, looking at Jonah in astonishment, who shrugged as if it were the most normal thing in the world.
Frank shook his head. He lifted the receiver of his desk phone. “Miriam, I got a transatlantic call I need you to place.” He rattled off the number then advised ‘Miriam’ to let him know when the call had connected then sat back, folded his hands over his paunchy middle and regarded Sherlock. “I believe you, kid. That’s why I’m calling your brother. I’m sure your parents are shittting their pants worried about you. Hopefully your brother can book you a ticket. I’ll make sure you get to the airport.”
Just when I worked up the courage to ring the doorbell, the door before me opened and a gray-haired man in a black habit with inconspicuous wire-rimmed glasses on his nose stood before me.
that he gritted his teeth to get through. Sherlock stiffened at John’s embrace, but when John held on and relaxed, Sherlock lifted his hands and placed them on John’s lower back.
"To give him the sacraments of the dead."
“I would have informed you of the plan. I would have kept in closer contact. Please believe, John, I did believe you were doing a convincing job of acting like you were mourning your friend so that the world would believe he was dead. I silently applauded your act, up until the time you began dating Miss Morstan.”  Mycroft’s tone turned to a sneer at the mention of Mary’s name.
Mrs. Hudson looked confused. Sherlock took pity on her. “I lifted these from his closet last night. He doesn’t know.”
favorites. And the
I just realized how many italics I used in this chapter! Please forgive me!
I was astonished that the Father mentioned the relationship between Jonah and William for a second time. How much did he know about the two? I decided to inquire afterwards; everything else would have been too obvious, and as long as I didn’t know anything about the relationship between him and Brother Jonah, I could not talk to him as openly as it might be necessary.
"But has his condition deteriorated so drastically? Or has his family decided ... "
Sherlock waited until the
Knowing John was reading his messages, imagining John’s smile, the flush of his cheeks, sustained Sherlock through sleep deprivation and torture at the Serbians’ hands. Sherlock sent his last message as he cleaned up from his Serbian dungeon stay, to tell John he’d be home in a few days.
Sherlock nodded.
Just pathetic, John realized. His life – his dreary sleepwalking through endless days of the same thing, over and over and over.
"Now I finally have something like a family again," he whispered with emotion, before straightening up, smoothing out his habit and lifting his chin in the air.
Mycroft inclined “his head once more. “Then there's no reason for delay.” He gestured toward the door. “Shall we?”
I cleared my throat and glanced uncertainly around the room. "Honestly ... I'm not very good at cooking ..."
Leaning back in his chair, he put his fingertips together and rested  them his chin on it, brooding silently.
"Would you have let him go if he just walked out the gate?"
Mycroft nodded slightly. “I have already taken care of that. I suggest you make use of the house and give this your undivided attention. I’ve also notified your clinic you will need a leave of undetermined length. Paid, of course.” The corner of Mycroft’s mouth lifted slightly.
This time, I did not have to ring to request entry to ICU. The small office next to the door was occupied today.
Groaning in response, John wondered how ever he thought he could have lived without this. This excitement, this wild flame, this live circuit between them. How could he ever have thought he could have been with anyone but Sherlock, after he found out that Sherlock had never died? Groaning again, John reached up and buried his hands in Sherlock’s hair. He scratched Sherlock’s scalp none-too-lightly with his nails, eliciting an answering groan from deep in Sherlock’s throat. Moving his hands to Sherlock’s chest, John opened Sherlock’s buttons as quickly as his fingers could move. Soon the shirt hung loosely at Sherlock’s sides and John’s hands moved to the warm skin at Sherlock’s waist. “Sherlock,” he murmured, “I am sorry.”
Yes, it was ...
"Sher ..."
"It is not a game, it never was," he replied, his voice now unusually sharp, "It’s lethal. Literally. And we can not allow ourselves to make any mistakes. I’m honored that you want to help, but your help is totally useless as long as your mind is ruled by other things. I’m sure you are a good doctor and an equally good soldier, but if you really want to help, I must be able to rely on you to use your gifts without any distraction - and I have strong doubts about that at the moment. "
, the words fell from his mouth naturally. And when John saw Sherlock’s immediate reaction - visibly widening pupils, slack lips, flushed cheeks - John was glad he’d uttered them. He grabbed Sherlock’s wrist roughly and hauled him up the final eight steps roughly, turning on him once they entered the living room and pulling him down again for more rough kisses.
John bought an extra carton of milk and supplies to make shrimp scampi. Sherlock brought home a bottle of good Chabli as an accompaniment.
I cleared my throat uncertainly, then decided to try the truth.
"Dear brothers, I would like to ask all of you for your prayer for Brother William. His condition is serious and it is uncertain when and if he can ever return to us."
"Of course, and I would never ask you to do this. I, um … I’ll try searching in the garden, a little fresh air can’t hurt ..."
"What do you mean?"
Mrs. Hudson opened a door in the wall opposite the bed and Sherlock saw a private bathroom. “You’ll want a shower. There are clothes in the dresser that should fit you. Leave Frank’s things in the bathroom, I’ll get them when you’re done.” With a final frightened glance around, Mrs. Hudson retreated down the hall.
He found himself in a long, dark hallway with several dark wood doors. The closest door revealed a storage room stacked with paper products. The next door led to an large office furnished with a huge, dark wood desk and dark red velvet sofas. A bar filled with top shelf liquor stood off to the side of the seating area. Sherlock slipped in and closed the door behind him. He set the plate of food on the desk then circled the large office. He opened another door and found a closet filled with suits and shirts. He slipped on a white dress shirt over  his T-shirt. The sleeves were too short and the neck was too big but it would have to do. Next he chose a black suit jacket and red patterned tie. Like the shirt, the jacket was ill fitting but not so bad that a casual observer would notice. With his black jeans and black Converse All Stars, he could pass as a patron.
, Sherlock was sure. John didn’t feel anything for her, not any more.
Jonah shook his head defensively.
"But ... he should be here ... He's not in the hospital, I ..."
John smiled. “Presumptuous of you, isn’t it? Maybe I want the furniture. Maybe I need a large lorry.”
No, this couldn’t be true. Not Jonah. He, who was so honest and so good-natured and who just loved William very much, yes, once even loved him dearly - why should he hurt anyone? Were the accusations that Francis had made merely an attempt to distract suspicion from himself? Or was everything completely different than it appeared? Was it possible that Jonah had been trying all this time to deflect trouble? Because he himself was the culprit? Could I have been so wrong about him? I decided to be as neutral as possible for the time being and kept myself in the background until the paramedics arrived and took Brother Francis away. He had lost a lot of blood and possibly even needed a transfusion.
I stopped and felt my whole body stiffen. Just the mention of the sweet fluid brought the memory of Sherlock back to life; my heart squeezed painfully. If only I had never come to this cursed market!
At last he listened, looked around, and even looked up at the windows above our heads. When he realized that the coast was clear and no one was watching us, he grabbed my arm and dragged me through a weathered wooden door into a room I knew - his "lab," as Father Andrew had called it. There were still small bundles of different herbs hanging from the ceiling by thin basting threads. Some of them I recognized right away, others were much harder for me to identify. Chamomile was there, St. John's wort, yarrow, and a plant that would probably have looked at home in no other place than in a monastery.
The priest nodded again, then he left me at the door of my room and went on his way again. A glance at my watch showed that there was a little more than an hour left until I would participate at the Divine Office of the congregation for the first time. Everything still felt very strange and I began to understand that there was in fact a huge difference between Sunday service in my childhood and a four-week stay in a monastery.
John stepped back and smacked Sherlock on the arse, hard. “Hurry up and eat, sunshine. We have some furniture to move.”
"But I honestly have been worried about you since last night."
I must have nodded off because the next time I opened my eyes, I felt the presence of another person. Mycroft Holmes sat next to me, spinning the handle of his umbrella in his hands and staring at the opposite wall.
Fascinated, I looked at the golden liquid, which was now in a small clay pot. A few drops had dribbled, and they ran down slowly from the edge of the pitcher. He responded with lightning speed, caught it with the index finger of his right hand and held it to my lips. I was hot and cold at the same time, goose bumps spread out on my back, and yet I could not help but close my lips around his finger to suck up every little bit of honey in my mouth that could be tasted. His skin was so warm, the fluid on it so sweet - and his eyes so inscrutable that I thought I would drown in them.
"I don’t know his exact address, so I’m checking for his name on the doorbells and mailboxes."
"No."
"Doctor Watson. Please go with Father Andrew. He will accompany you. "
John’s mouth fell open as he realized what Sherlock was telling him. John had lived in an agony of despair for the first year he thought Sherlock was dead but even in those time, he’d often gone out to clubs just to take his mind off his own suffering, picking up random women and shagging them desperately for a few minutes of relief from the nightmare of his life. He never stayed the night - always, he went back to the woman’s flat - and he never even bothered to get a number. Afterward he’d spend a week or two in misery then repeat the cycle. He was a sexual being; he could never have imagined abstaining even in his worst grief. By the time he met Mary, he’d forgotten how many different women he’d fucked since Sherlock. And now Sherlock, gorgeous man who could have his pick of men, was telling him that he’d remained celibate for
Watson choked on his mouthful of biscuit, inhaling crumbs and proceeding to a full blown coughing fit.
"That may be, but if you’re threatened, why don’t you tell the police?"
Sherlock didn’t follow John. Really - he didn’t. He just happened to walk the same direction that John had taken when John said he was going out. And if Sherlock just happened to pause in a church portico to listen to the congregation sing Come O Come Emanuel - well, it certainly wasn’t because John’s voice blended among those of strangers. And if Sherlock hesitantly edged into the back of the sanctuary - well, it was cold in the vestibule after all.
lingers on a raw neck.
At breakfast he did not appear. When I cleaned the tables after the meal, I saw him scurry into the kitchen and disappear shortly afterwards with a single green apple. Stunned, I turned to Brother Elijah, who was just entering the refectory.
That’s why Sherlock decided to surprise John upon his return. John would be expecting Sherlock to show up at Baker Street, so he thought he’d pull off a clever surprise instead.
Another sound, soft but unmistakable, reached Sherlock’s ears. Sniffling. Was John -
Never before had I met such a man - if he hadn’t been determined to dedicate his life to God and to leave everything else behind him, then women's hearts would certainly have been his. And also those of many men, the part of my subconscious that I had long tried to suppress added. The thought that someone like him had renounced the world voluntarily to be locked up behind high monastery walls instead, made goose bumps chase up and down my back. Although it was clear he certainly did not experience it as confinement. What had caused him to impose such a burden on himself? Had he suffered a severe stroke of fate? Or done something he now wanted to atone for? As much as I myself was hoping to draw strength and confidence from my stay in this convent, at the same time the idea of spending my life here seemed so strange, day after day following the same old rhythm of work and prayer endlessly. Nevertheless - or perhaps because of it - I admired the curly headed man for his decision.
"But should have a similar effect, right? At least mentally. "
They didn’t hold hands, or walk arm in arm, or kiss in public. Even Mrs. Hudson sometimes wondered if they were truly together because she didn’t see a noticeable difference in their behaviors when she popped up with baked treats.
"I do not understand?"
Sherlock took John’s chin in his hand, planting a long, wet, loud kiss on his lips.
"Someone?" I asked with a slight smile on my lips, which was promptly returned.
And John smiled.
Scrolling down another few screens, John clicked a message at random.
I too had to grin at this thought.
“It’s not hard at all to be away from my family,” Sherlock said softly.
"Doctor Watson, can you tell me when you last saw Brother Jonah? And where?"
"Do you have any complaints? Stomach pain, digestive problems, nausea, dizziness? Motor problems? Maybe a tingling sensation in the extremities? "
“C’mere. Let me make it better.”
. As soon as I’d entered the room for the first time, I’d had the feeling that a very special person lived here - what Jonah had told me about him just confirmed that guess. As before, my eyes fell on the skull, watching the room from its shelf and making fun of me with its fixed grin. I could not understand how anyone would put something like that on a shelf. Memento mori - remember that you have to die - was a phrase that was associated with medieval monasticism, but why someone who’s monastic life wasn’t more than a role he played kept a -undoubtedly authentic - human skull in his room in such a prominent place, I could not fathom.
Without waiting for my reaction, he rushed away and left me with more questions than answers. But I already got used to that ...
"Because we both have built a life we will not give up."
"I can not punish you for Brother William making a mistake. However, I would be very concerned that such a thing is not repeated in the future. If you can assure me of this, then there is nothing more I will expect. "
"As long as I live, nobody will ever harm even a hair on your head, I promise you," I whispered, stepping behind his chair and wrapping my arms around his chest as I buried my face in his silky locks. But inside, it was still seething.
Mycroft had complained the loudest when Violet proposed doing Christmas dinner at home. “We never do Christmas,” he’d said, words dripping with sarcasm.
this could be an opportunity for you to get yourself straightened out again. This companionship you seem to be missing,can not only be found in the army, but also in sports clubs, religious communities ... "
"We should go to Prior Lambert so he can inform his family."
"Francis knew it. Anyway, he seems to know about things he should never have known. "
John let his head drop forward on the pillow so he could see what was going on below his waistline. His cock stood flat against his belly, weeping and flushed, and below it Sherlock’s big hand cradled his bollocks. Sherlock’s fingers stroked gently and John drew in his breath on a groan when he realized that Sherlock was stroking both John’s sac and his own cock, the underside of the head where it nestled against John’s bollocks.
I had expected many things, but not that the entire room would be illuminated by the glow of several dozen candles - and Sherlock in the middle, just like our very first meeting: the black habit, reading glasses on his nose, and a leather-bound book in his hands. The only difference was that he now stood upright in front of me - and blissfully smiled.
Jonah, if that was possible at all, went even paler.
“No,” Mary said softly. She gave John a slight shake of her head. Her eyes still sparkled and a small smile played at the corners of her mouth.
“Two.”
He looked at me questioningly.
A truly beautiful quote, but unfortunately not what I was looking for.
"Doctor Watson ..."
"He went nowhere, he returned to his place in the choir and prayed. Just like before. That's why I thought you came back and took him to the hospital. "
"I'm looking for a certain Mr. Sherlock Holmes who used to live here."
They’re middle aged men, so of course they have a hard time talking about things like this. They both detest it, really.
"That sounds good. After doing so much for me, I would just like to return a bit of support to him. But that applies to so many people here - even to you, Father. "
"You said that someone was planning an assassination attempt on Mister Holmes, so I called the police."
"Someone," I replied, and, to avoid misunderstandings, quickly added, "Brother William lent me a book, and I want to give it back to him."
As inconspicuously as possible, I hovered in a side corridor near the cloister, waiting for Jonah to finally return from the interrogation. When I heard footsteps approaching on the stone floor, I squeezed myself into a dark niche and kept as quiet as a mouse. Three men appeared in the corridor, all clad in the familiar black habit. The first of them had a golden cross over his chest - Prior Lambert. As they approached, I also recognized Jonah and Father Andrew. The latter held the novice by one arm as if to support him, which was quite surprising, since the young man did not seem to need help. The Prior held the glass door that separated the cloister from the rest of the monastery and let the other two men walk through. Slowly and careful not to make any noise that would have revealed my presence, I crept to the door and peered through the glass. They had stopped in front of Jonah's cell and waited until he disappeared into the room, whereupon Prior Lambert produced a bunch of keys from the pocket of his habit and locked the door. Then the two men turned around and started their way back, so I quickly disappeared back into the dark niche.
“Must we do this?” Sherlock sighed.
Although I was determined to participate in the night-time vigil, I woke up with the sun, as the bells rang for matins; I could not remember the last time I had slept so well and jumped out of my bed elated, pulled on my clothes hastily and hurried into the church; the way was already familiar to me.
"Don’t be indignant. Maybe you should consider yourself to use the confessional the way it was meant to be."
Hot water always helped him think. He ruminated on his current situation: the kind lady who seemed so frightened that he’d borrowed her husband’s clothing, the husband that seemed to instill fear in everyone Sherlock had met so far. The ostentatious mansion he found himself confined to - the fact that his family had no idea where he was and the fact that the bedroom he’d been assigned to use lacked a telephone extension. Even if it had had a phone, would he have wanted to call his family?
"One of the brothers informed me of his exclusion."
"Oh, seriously, Brother? Are you still using monk peppers today to dampen the sex drive?"
I cleared my throat insecurely. Would I have to pack my things now?
"Please stay in touch," I breathed.
“This has to be the absolute worst holiday song of all time. Bar none.”
"You can do as little as I can right now. He's in good hands and I'm sure you'll get information from the Prior tonight that William is well and he'll be back soon. Don’t worry."
"'The one with the short cut hair'. I'm glad he does not honor his name, would be a shame about these locks ... "
. John had said it to Irene Adler, in the abandoned power plant, when I’d followed him there. Of course I followed him - I actually did follow him everywhere in those days. Well, nearly everywhere. There had been a few times I’d been otherwise engaged with the Met or my brother - so it would be more precise to say I followed John Watson nearly everywhere.
"It would be helpful if you did not convey Sherlock's condition to him too dramatically."
Blood flowed from Brother Williams' right ear.
“Dull!” Sherlock drew out the word to almost a moan. “I have plenty of money. You don’t need to work. Just call them and tell them you won’t be back.”
I cleared my throat and did not know what to answer. He had such a high opinion of his mentor that I did not want to mention the dispute that preceded his expulsion and so I decided to tell him only half the truth.
“Can I read them?”
? Why was John preparing to present some strange woman a ring? He knew Sherlock’s return was imminent. What was he doing out with a woman at all – why wasn’t he at Baker Street waiting for Sherlock?
