“Natasha, how did the photo shoot go?  I hear that Pepper was a bit reluctant to pose for the photographer at first, l hope that she did not cause any problems for the photographer.”
Tight hold on his rock hard cock he left the shower, straddling his slumbering omega not caring he was dripping water over Tony and the bed clothes he began to rut between Tony’s open thighs, glad that he’d had the forethought to position his omega ass up with pillows under his hips for support before he had started his shower.
Twenty-four hours had passed since Dr Gottlieb had injected the first course of drugs, Tony was due to be woken for a therapy session after which he would be given the final injection, he was eager to see the results of the measurements that would be taken at the half way stage.  He was also curious as to what would be happening during Tony’s conditioning therapy session.
Eventually the stud was led away, a satisfied grin on his face, a swagger in his walk, cock already hard against his stomach, full balls swinging between his bowed legs.
Tony was not happy about being pulled from his lab, but Bruce just growled and dragged him up to his room and ordered him to shower.
I am finding my true self as an Alpha and find that the strict hierarchical system of this world is more in line with my personal viewpoint. Alphas are the leaders and the predators, betas the workers and omegas are submissive, weak knot sluts, that need to be bonded and trained to meet all their alphas needs.
Ok all done, into the bath, would you like me to wash your hair, yes, right now lean back so the shampoo does not get in your eyes.  There we go you have been so brave, why don’t you use the sponge to clean yourself whilst l get you some comfortable clothes.”
It was hard to believe when he could see his reflection in the mirror.
Chapter 34
Chapter 84
“Anthony Edward Stark-Rogers, that is quite enough! If you carry on with this tantrum you will find yourself over my knee, you already have one punishment spanking to be discharged, do you want another one as well?
Ropes of cum shot out coating his little one’s stomach thighs and hands, after shuddering through the last of his orgasm he took his time rubbing his cum all over the trembling body on his lap.  He placed his cum soaked fingers against Tony’s lips and waited, soon enough a pink tongue darted out and began to lick at the sticky mess.
I will do what is best for him and he will have to learn to learn that my needs are paramount and that anything else is only allowed with permission from me.  I am a 40s Alpha and have all their traits so  I will have to make some adjustments to accommodate his work as Iron Man and for Stark Industries but I cannot guarantee that there will not be times when he will not be available to anyone but myself.”
Keeping his hand on Tony’s head he took up the pen and proceeded to read through and sign each document in front of him aware that the other board members were watching not him but the kneeling figure of Tony through the smoky glass of the conference table.
Tony fussed over the diaper change, not happy that he had wet himself without even noticing, his tummy hurt, and the diaper daddy fitted on him was bigger and thicker that the soft cloth ones he normally wore.  He couldn’t straighten his legs due to the thick padding and hated the crinkling noise it made whenever he moved.
“Yes Alpha, I promise.”
Steve stood back and admired the finished tattoo that followed the length of his omega’s spine, starting at the base of his neck and traveling down the spine to disappear into the crack of his omega’s arse a series of stars getting smaller as they travelled down filled and coloured to represent his country’s flag and another mark to show that Tony belonged to him.
“Mmm, I am not going to be able to work with all this noise,  Happy could you gag the bitch whilst I get a relaxant for the hysterical brat.”
The Watcher laughed, poor little Steve, even now he couldn’t comprehend how fucked up Bucky had been, the endless excuses he had made for his behaviour were a sop to his own guilty conscience, because he couldn’t survive without him.
“Alpha/Beta/Omega structured cultures exist in many parallel universes.  A Hierarchical structured society with Alphas as the leaders and enforcers, Betas as the workers and Omegas are the property of the Alphas to mate and breed and to do with as they please, omegas are controlled by the base instinct to obey and serve, Alphas control them with what is called ‘The Alpha Voice.’  There are very few of these kinds of cultures where omegas have any rights or are seen as anything but slaves.  If it makes it easier just imagine how wolf packs are structured, or prides of Lions.
“This is both a punishment and a reward my omega, a reward for how you coped so admirably with last night’s meeting and Bucky’s attack, but also a punishment for taking the liberty of sucking my cock without requesting my permission first. This is one of the new rules that I am going to be imposing and for that reason I have not disciplined you as hard for your disobedience this time, now do you have something to say to me?”
Steve could not help smiling at the sight of Tony throwing a tantrum complete with foot stamping and screaming. His poor baby looked anything but threatening in just his diaper and padded mittens, his pale cheeks flushed pink, arms windmilling as he loudly protested his frustration and ire at the awful treatment being inflicted on him.  The smile dropped off his face the minute Tony mentioned alcohol, this was no longer funny he was not going to allow his baby to slip back into his bad habits.
Male omega’s external sexual organs small to start with reduced even further in size during pregnancy.  This was to make way for the developing birth canal that started to form directly behind an omega’s ball sack.  By the end of Tony’s pregnancy his balls would be drawn up into his body and his cock shrunk to no more than a couple of inches at the most incapable of becoming hard even when aroused, its only use a means to piss.
“Hawkeye place Pepper on the breeding bench, l think that she needs a final reminder of what her fate will be if she steps out of line again.  Thor you can have the honour of reaming her holes and then Hawkeye can eat her out before Widow and l spit roast her.
“Steve come join me, bitch’s boy cunt is fucking so loose and sloppy l bet even the Hulk could slide right in.”
Steve flicked and pinched his omega’s clamped nipples pulling them up so the whole breast was stretched tight as he had seen the other omegas do.  Tony writhed beneath him mewling in pain, garbled voice begging for him to stop. Unfortunately for his omega Steve loved to hear him crying and begging.
“Dad, never stopped looking for you, he said that if he had to have an omega for a son, at least he could offer me as a ‘mate’ for Captain America when he found him, so that I wouldn’t be such a disappointment.”
“Please Steve, don’t do this to me, isn’t it enough that my body will never be the same as it was before we bonded, it has changed even more now I am having your pups.  You have taken my balls and my cock is useless now, please don’t emasculate me any further, you can’t do this to me Alpha please!”
Chapter 39
I love you baby, and l know you didn’t mean all the hurtful and nasty things you have just said to me. I forgive you and we will work through this, just as we did your last breakdown.
Winter stood back up, releasing his hard member he pushed deep into the stunned omega’s open mouth, a few deep thrusts had him spewing his load, groaning with pleasure as Tony swallowed convulsively, throat muscles massaging every drop from his thick cock.
Steve was efficient and quick with the enema, his cock hard and aching, there would be time to play later.
Thor  saw the confusion on the Avengers faces, did they honestly think a halfbreed omega whore’s get, would be the heir to the Asgardian Throne, no he at first had thought like Odin that their pups would be his heirs but he and decided that he wanted  pure bred heirs and had already set his sights on the omega he desired to become his consort.
He felt a hand pull his dress up, as his panties were pushed down exposing his plugged hole and red cheeks for all to see on the large screen in the lobby.  It was a new fixture to keep people who waiting for appointments and meetings entertained, any omega on Stark Industries staff could not refuse to pleasure an Alpha in the central glass elevators that surrounded the lobby.  Failure to comply the first time meant demotion to a menial job, a second refusal dismissal or worse, if you had no Alpha then you were taken to an Omega rehabilitation center until an Alpha picked you to bond with.  If no Alpha chose you after a year, then you were sent to a breeding farm or brothel depending on your genetics.
Tony was shaking he was so scared that Steve would not listen to him, his cock hurt so much as Steve continued to press down on it with his boot.
It had been incredibly frustrating watching and waiting for the right time to make his move, Tony had been very resistant to his advances, but he bided his time and when his poor baby has been rejected once again he had been there to pick up the pieces.   There courtship had been rocky to say the least, Tony had shied away at the least sign of Steve trying to control or dominate him anywhere other than the bedroom,
Slowly he slides his thick cock into Tony’s open hole, resting it in the heated channel he imagines he is breaching his omega’s breeding canal for the first time.  A few lazy thrusts and that is all it takes for him spill his load.  Withdrawing his still hard cock he massages the leaking cum into Tony’s skin, taking special care to thickly coat the site of his surgery.
“ That’s quite enough omega, l know what is best for you, Bruce said ten minutes on each breast and longer if there is still milk and then a further few minutes to condition the nipples so that feeding and pumping becomes easier.”
“Nooooo ……..noooooo..”  Tony’s cries grew louder as he finally lost control of his bladder.
I want to watch what it is like to have another Alpha disciplining my omega.  After all there will be times when l am away on missions and l would like you to be his caretaker.”
“Shhhh baby just suck on my fingers, no one will notice.  That’s it, see how good your cum tastes, wait until we are back in our suite, l am going to knot your plump lips and flood your soft belly with cum whilst you fuck yourself on the new dildo modelled on my cock.”
Thor took his leave shortly after the last of the grapes had been consumed, eager to inform his fellow pack members of his success in handfeeding their budding omega.  He would also need to make a quick trip back to Asgard, for more of the spelled grapes, Frigga his mother had been only to pleased to imbue the succulent grapes with a fattening potion, each grape had what the midgardians termed, a calorific count of 400.  They could not be eaten for a long period of time, but ten grapes each day for two weeks, would give a substantial boost to their pack omega’s weight.  Alpha Steve had been most appreciative of Thor and his mother’s efforts in aiding Tony to reach his target weight gain.
Once he is finished, I will interview him and see where he stands, I am not going to trust him with any other research or give him access to the internet or Jarvis.  I have run tests and can confirm that he is an alpha, it is yet to be determined on where he falls on the dominant scale.  There are a few video clips amongst the research videos that may test that and give us some idea of how to encourage him to settle with us.  If he shows no interest or refuses point blank to consider any of our proposals then I will dispose of him, he will only get one chance, the trackers and the nanobot explosive device are already in place.  Even the Hulk cannot recover from having his head blown off.”
“Absolutely not, are you fucking crazy or something, I am an adult I can get washed and dressed on my own and there is no way you are making me wear a bloody nappy I am quite capable of pissing and shitting in a toilet when I need too!
“Bruce is there no other way, are you sure the bond is fully broken, what kind of harm will it do to him if I mate him now and there is still a partial bond.
“Go stand in the corner, you will not move or make a sound until I allow it.”
Chapter 7
“ I am going to have Tony work on the updates for the Stark Pad and the Stark Phone, I think this will be a safe starting point for his contractual obligation to Stark Industries, once he has proved he can be trusted we can allow him to work on more sensitive designs.
Tony couldn’t move, he wanted to cover his ears so all the cruel things she was saying would go away. He sobbed even louder as he felt his bladder give way and the front of his track suit bottoms darkened as his pee soaked through his pull-up diaper.  Curling in on himself he began to rock, not even noticing that he was sucking on his thumb.
The Media blew up when Darcy entered the room, her enormous body and obscenely large breasts only covered by a sheer, short omega shift, that hid nothing.  Her back ached as she stood at the podium, the President’s nails digging into the flesh of her lower back, a reminder not to deviate from the words in front of her.
His private life was a mystery and a matter of much conjecture in the press and media.  There were no scandals, no kiss and tells, no sex tapes or paternity suits.  He was seen with a string of glamorous men and women, but none of them ever spoke a word about their time with the genius billionaire.
Steve finally talks to Tony about bonding and mating, decisions are made and the first stage of mating takes place.
“ Such a good boy for me, see  how you get rewarded for behaving and letting me take care of you.  Now let’s get you dressed so that we can get to Mountain View, Dr Gottlieb is expect us and we don’t want to be late.”
Tears came to his eyes and he stopped speaking as he remembered seeing the un bonded omegas being schooled and fed fantasies of being mated to the perfect Alpha even though they never met them before bonding, given little choice but to be bonded to that Alpha or face a life of servitude in an Omega House alongside all the sick, old, barren and widowed omegas.
In his office at Stark Industries, he would have him sit under his desk warming his cock all day or strapped to the breeding bench he kept in the corner, ready to be fucked when ever he felt the urge.  Staff learned to ignore his naked and bound husband and may a business deal was sealed when he allowed them to spank Tony’s pert bottom.
“Oh some ones been a bad little omega again, not that I am surprised you never could do as you were told always acting out, begging for any kind of attention with your outrageous behaviour and whoring ways.  I am so relieved that I do not have to deal with it any more you are such a fuck up you do not deserve an Alpha like Steve Rogers!
What Steve didn’t allow was Tony to come again after his first orgasm, he handed Tony a small gold colored cock cage and watched as he fumbled to fit it on his small cock.  He fitted the sound himself, using Tony’s slick to slide it in, grinning as his boy squirmed and gasped, his hole gushing slick, his hands tugging at the cage squeezing his bound cocklet.
Steve did as he was told, mind whirling, he was going to play the fucker at his own game, he would act the perfect little bitch his tormentor wanted.  All the while he would be planning his escape when the bastard finally came for him, he was not going to be bullied into being something he was not.  It was different if he chose to do it as a means to an end, he was not going to stay this way.  He would make Thor return him to his super soldier form and then he would get Winter and Tony and return to earth.
The lights dimmed, signalling that it was time for his next intake of nutrients, rocking back on his heels he raised his face towards the ceiling, his stomach clenching as the undulating metal tentacle dropped slowly down towards his raised face, the thin tip plugging into the hole in his gag.  At first, he had tried to resist the forced feeding but the incessant flashing lights and shocks to the sensitive nerve bundles on the back of his neck through the collar around his neck had worn him down.
Steve crouched in front of the crate, watching the flow of piss coat his omega’s fingers and legs.  Tony’s face still held traces of the flush of orgasm as tears dropped from his long lashes.
“Fury, what the hell is going on? Medical won’t let us see Tony, they will not tell us anything about his condition, just that we had to report direct to you for debriefing, what’s happened, the field medic at the scene told us it was a clean break and would just need a cast.”
Make sure the other bitch is presentable in case they want to use her, hose out her holes she has already been bred twice today so her cunt will be loose and sloppy with cum.”
By this time Tony had risen up and was standing in front of Pepper shaking with hurt and anger tears leaking from his eyes.  He reached out towards her wanting to try and shake the answer out of her, the disdainful look on her face hurting him even more.
It still hurt that by signing his name to these last two documents he had signed away his company and all his money he was now totally beholden on his Alpha to provide him with everything.  Would he have to beg for the money to build and repair his Ironman armour, what about repairs to the team’s equipment and the bots how was he supposed to get anything done if he had to keep getting permission to access the funds that he would need.
Odin stared dispassionately into Loki’s horror filled red eyes, not bothered by the tears streaming from them. It had been many years since he had felt the stirring of his loins and he wanted to enjoy every depraved part of fucking his former son.   Perhaps he would insist that the bitch needed to spend a few days with him every so often, especially as Thor wanted each pregnancy to go swiftly.  He forced his cock deep into the whore’s throat so that not a drop of his cum escaped, after withdrawing he cleaned his cock on her tear-soaked cheeks.
Steve and Winter took in the sight of their pretty little omega’s flushed face as she desperately tried to maintain her balance. Blond curls bounced as she moved, her pink baby doll dress was rucked up at the front, showing her white frilly knickers, they watched as the base of the dildo was exposed when she rocked backwards. Her legs were splayed wide over the horse’s back, thighs shiny with slick, her patent leather shoes splattered with drops of cunt juice.
Pulling his cock completely out he waits for Tony’s breath to even out before once again filling his throat, shooting his load of cum.  Cock still hard he pulls his omega up on to the couch before kicking off his jeans and stripping off his top.
“Please, please Alpha ss..stop! I can’t take anymore it hurts to much!”
“Bruce did you know this is how it would be? Might have given us a bit of a warning.”
There were ten rows of milking stalls each holding twenty stalls.  Everyone contained a milk cow attached to a milking machine.
Hulk rammed his cock into Jella’s sopping hole, not giving her any time to acclimate to his size, he began to pound into her, whilst pushing his cream coated fingers into her mouth, stabbing them to the back of her throat.
He needed to get away, but the cutting long grass surrounding the cabin would slice him to shreds, there was nothing clothes wise he could use to protect himself and nothing to cut a path through the grass, the knife he had used to cut off BB’s hair had been gone in the morning.  He needed to think of a plan, but he was exhausted, he curled up, had rubbing against his silk sheet, the cool material soothing him.
“What the hell do you think you are doing, you are an ungrateful, disrespectful omega. How dare you try to escape and run back to that Alpha! He is a sadistic, manipulative bastard!  You should be thanking us for getting you away from him.
“Captain Rogers, your omega is progressing nicely all indicators are within the ranges set for this time in a multiple birth pregnancy.  My only concern is that his weight is at the lower end of the acceptable scale, you will need to ensure that he gains a good amount of weight to support not only his needs but that of the babies.
“Mr President might I suggest that you have her pathetic little pancakes enlarged, also I couldn’t help but notice her flat ass and boney hips.  I think that a few pounds might make her look more appealing and not such a skinny twig.
Steve reached over fingers tracing her bruised tits after he had untied her dress, Bruce’s bite mark dark against her milky skin, her nipple still swollen from his earlier abuse.  Leaning over he bit hard on the same nipple, pulling it taut between his teeth, until he heard her hiss with pain, her hands trying to push his face off her breast.
Steve carries Tony to the small omega bedroom next to the master suite after washing him down. His pussy and asshole are still gaping so for tonight he leaves him unplugged, the bruising on his ass and tits is slowly fading due to the weakened serum now flowing in his blood.  Running his hands over his omega’s belly he feels the sleepy kicks of his pups as they too settle down to sleep.  Pulling the comforter over his omega he leaves him to sleep, rushing back to the master bedroom where Bucky is waiting for him naked and hard spread out on the large bed.
JARVIS disengages the lock for Tony and Steve quickly twist off the clear cover and replaces it with the vibranium one, sealing away the bright blue glow of the reactor core.
His brands were shimmering lines on his naturally toned skin, due to healing factor of extremis.  Nine shimmering marks in total, his Alphas personal brands on his shoulders, the two State brands on his arm showing his status as an omega and as an omega in a Full Triad Bond. The Avengers Pack brand sat on his right hip, and a smaller brand below announced his status as the Pack Omega. Two small Celtic Motherhood knots decorated his left thigh, Steve and Winter had decided on these traditional brands to symbolise each litter of pups birthed by their omega.
“Hmmm Bucky I think our omega dislikes the idea of being led around by his nose, perhaps we should do it to teach him yet again that he has no say in what his Alphas can do with his body, it seems to be a lesson that the stubborn bitch fails to learn time and time again.”
Chapter 5
Tony had been starting to relaxing under the constant carding of Steve’s strong fingers through his hair, froze at the mention of diapers and cosy pyjamas, what the fuck was the delusional woman going on about.
General l am looking forward to Colonel Rhodes arriving at the Tower within the week, and with the increase in funding he will be able to have the War Machine armour updated.”
Thank you for all the comments, kudos, subscriptions and bookmarks.
“The weight will stay on and increase if your meg keeps feeding, how much depends on the compatibility between human and Jotun biology.  If you want to wean him off now it will be a few days of withdrawal, he won’t be in pain just needy and whiney and you expect a few tantrums.
“Please Alpha I’m gonna go insane if I don’t get your cum!  Promise I will do anything you want if you let me suck your cock.”
Five years passed before Jarvis alerted him that within 48 hours a Portal would open.  He breathed a sigh of relief, and ordered Jarvis to start making quiet plans to crate everything on his list and to ensure he downloaded himself on to the transportable hard drives, he was not going to leave this Jarvis behind, he had invested time and effort into his new coding and making him loyal to him an no one else.
Tony stared at the two phones for minutes, the reality hitting him again that he was in a different universe, a replacement for a dead version of himself.  But not living that Tony’s life, which he could have dealt with eventually, no because of his designation he was now trapped in a living nightmare, that he had no hope of escaping.
“Clean yourself up whilst I get something to dry you with.”
Chapter 71
“Hush now and eat your cake, you don’t want Natasha to be upset that you are not enjoying her baking.  Just relax and allow each member of your Pack to feed you a piece of cake and then they will scent your wrist.  We will repeat the process until your scent is firmly intertwined with the Pack, there will be no mistaking that you belong to the Avengers Pack.”
“Baby l know how tired you are so you can just kneel and warm my cock whilst, l go over your new rules. You are not allowed to interrupt and any hint of teeth on my cock any you will receive a spanking. Now listen and remember each rule, because there are consequences varying in severity for breaking any of them.
“There we go, glad to have you back with us.  Now Ms Potts, this is your punishment for disrespecting your Pack Alpha, for the next two hours you belong to the board members.  They can do anything they want with your body, so long as you are fit to return to work afterwards.
“Well that’s one problem dealt with, now let’s go inside and prepare for the Inspector’s arrival, we need to get Tony moved into the conference room.  Have you decided if you are going to speak to him first or just go ahead and bond him to the Avengers after his punishment has been carried out?”
Steve couldn’t bear to see Tony looking so upset, his punishment would need to wait, his omega needed to be reassured that no matter how much he misbehaved or pushed the boundaries of acceptable omega behaviour, Steve was not going to abandon him like so many others had.  Mindful of his still healing shoulder and casted leg, he settled Tony on his lap back leaning against his chest so he could wrap both arms round him, the smaller man’s legs straddling his thighs.  Hugging him tight he kissed the top of head through wild brown curls.
“Tony that is enough!  You will present yourself for punishment right now, I gave you fair warning 5 minutes ago that your objections to this interview and photo shoot are emotionally unsound and therefore invalid.  Pregnancy hormones gives you a bit of leeway but when you devolve in to screaming insults and throwing objects at me then my tolerance of your temper tantrum is at an end.
He must had fallen asleep as he woke up to see Steve sitting beside his bed reading and sipping from a large travel cup of coffee with another sitting on the bedside table.
There will be on occasion exceptions to the above, but unless told you will stick to these rules.  I will be accompanying you back to Stark Tower and settling you into your new apartment.  I will also go through your wardrobe and remove all items that are no longer suitable.  A simple minimalistic selection of clothing in plain colours that are interchangeable is all that is required.  Happy will chose your clothing for when you are at home with him.”
“Shhh…. Omega, don’t move, doesn’t my cock feel good as it slides into your dripping hole? such  a good by for your Alpha, you accepted your punishment and even found you centre first time, such a natural, I knew you would be the first moment I saw you.”
As it stands Lord Barnes is returning to taking over as leader of the Avengers, Dr Banner will return with him, he wants to ensure the omega birthrate is increasing and that omegas are thoroughly under Alpha Law before he moves permanently to Asgard.
Bruce smirked as he saw both Alphas brighten at the thought of their omega now being able to keep up with their super sexed bodies, and their non-existent refractory period.
Tears flowed from his omega’s eyes, sad pools of pain and despair, short, sharp  rapid gasps for breath told Steve that a panic attack was imminent, Steve smirked knowing that he Tony in the palm of his hand this would be the turning point in their relationship.
Epilogue
You were never a Prince in my eyes and now you will never be able to look in a mirror and see Prince Loki, all you will see is the bitch that begged and pleaded with Odin All Father, to fuck and fill him with royal cum.
Carrying Tony into his bedroom he stood him before the full-length mirror and pulled the towel off his body.  Standing behind him he placed his hands on the smaller man’s shoulders, whilst telling him to look at his reflection in the mirror.
Bruce smirked as he finished with the last of the injections and set the monitor’s on Peters chest.
Steve’s inner Alpha roared at the naked display of submission from his omega, biting down on the mating make until he drew blood.  Lifting Tony he spun him round against the mirror lifting him high so that Tony had to clasp his legs round Steve’s waist to stop himself from falling as his hands were pinned over his head.  Reaching down Steve pulled out the plug tossing it aside and in the next moment thrust up into his omega’s tight hole.
Finally, the formal dinner was over, a dais was carried in and placed in front of the top table.  The room was filled with anticipation as the lights dimmed so that only the dais and aisle to it were lit.  The double doors swung open to admit a single small figure, who slowly began to walk towards the dais.
3.	You will not speak to anyone out- side of your family without permission.
Once placed in the corner with his red bottom on display for anyone to see, Steve pulled out his discipline box from under the coffee table.  If His baby thought that he would only get ten smacks for such naughty behaviour then he was sorely mistaken.
He watched as the blacksmith roughly combed out her hair and tied it back with a strip of leather, using a pair of shears he cut just above the tie leaving her hair just above her shoulders.
“Sir, your omega’s injuries have fully healed apart from his pussy, but that is now just tender. I took the liberty of introducing small round headed barbs to the phallus in his pussy, l am certain with time and enough stimulation that the nodes will form that your barbs can latch onto.
Tony sniffled as he stood in the corner, nose against the wall, red bottom on display to anyone who might walk in.  Steve had left him there to think about his behaviour, which he hated more that the actual spanking.  He knew that he had over reacted, after all he hardly every wore clothes in the penthouse with Steve and if they were on the communal floor he usually wore his omega drawers and one of his Alpha’s old t-shirts, which always made him feel happy and safe.  They had discussed that if he graduated to first level traditional omega there would be a tightening of the rules with regards to omega outfits and jewellery, so he didn’t understand why he was being so resistant today.
Steve dragged him off his cock, and bent him over the side of the bed, he could feel Steve’s thumbs hooking his hole wide open, as fingers dug into his cheeks. His breath was totally knocked out of him as Steve slammed into him, rutting wildly, his cock pounding against his prostrate with each thrust.  He scrambled to hold on, to drag himself on to the bed away from the harsh strokes but Steve pinned him down with one hand, his strength making it impossible for Tony to move.
Steve smiled and gestured for Bruce to join them, Winter stepped away returning with a mug of the doctor’s favourite tea.
Oh God! What am I saying I don’t want that really… do I?   Steve what the hell is happening to me?  I want to rip my skin of its burning me, I can’t think straight you have got to help me please… please do something I’m going to die I know it you need to take me to a hospital now!”
“Pepper, you do not have a choice, Alpha Rogers is not a man you refuse. Now stop acting as if you have any power and get in the bloody bath!  You do not ever say no to the Pack Alpha.”
“That’s it, little cock sucker, lick my popsicle clean, such a mess you have made, going to have to punish you.”
The rich and elite used them as status symbols, the more elaborate the crate and the omega inside the higher their status.  Omegas were seen as treasures to be pampered and protected.  Being able to arrange a marriage with an omega was looked on as a blessing from the Gods.
There was an increasing market for keeping omegas on the edge of heat at all times, and for inducing fertility heats whenever an Alpha wanted.  The fertility heat hormone especially would ensure a high source of income,  Alphas would pay exorbitant amounts to be able to breed and bond  a reluctant omega, the law stated that any virgin omega bred on its first heat had to mate that Alpha.
He could feel his cock getting harder as he slipped his fingers under her panties, dipping between her pussy lips to rub against her nub.  The scent of her sex getting stronger as he continued to tease her nub until she mewled out loud and her thighs snapped together trapping his hand as her sex juices soaked his fingers and her panties.
Tony felt so light, his brain for once wasn’t loud and fast, there was only Cap’s words echoing in his mind, he could feel Steve’s large hand caressing his neck, the other hand gently stroking his stomach. The light brush of fingertips against his cock made him shiver, the heady scent of alpha pheromones sent signals to his twitching hole, slick beginning to leak out as his muscles relaxed.
Chapter 39
Letting go of the beads he watched as they swung down between his omega’s legs the small cock dragged down by the weight, unsurprisingly his omega remained hard, the small hiss passing his lips the only reaction to the added weight on his piercing.  The string of crystal beads gradually slowed to a stop hanging down to mid- thigh sparkling in the light.
Tony let out a low moan of discomfort as Steve squirted yet more cum shake into his mouth, he already felt full and bloated but his moans of protest were being ignored by his Alpha who was determined to follow the doctor’s instruction.
Thor regardless of pack dynamics would do as he pleased, he was an Alien Prince gracing earth with his protection. He would follow Steve’s lead in the field, play the lovable idiot the rest of the time so people underestimated him, but he was no fool and Steve was fully aware that he would allow Thor liberties with his omega that he would not grant others. The World Security Council, S.H.I.E.L.D and Director Fury had made it clear that alienating Thor would be a disaster that was to be avoided at all costs.  Steve could only hope that when Thor returned from Asgard he would have Loki as his omega to keep him occupied.
Good boy, now you are not to touch yourself at all, if you do, I will know, and then you will be punished.
“Tony go to the nursery and feed our pups, you may spend two hours in the workshop afterwards under Jarvis’s supervision, Pepper wants the upgrades to the new Stark Phone completed.
Steve looked at the small plate of food that he had prepared for his omega ready to hand feed him once he has finished his own breakfast and pushed it away.  Thor quickly swiped it onto his plate before Hawkeye could even launch himself of the refrigerator.
“Ohhhh, no more sauce, no more sauce, Clint please can I have cream?  Pretty please I know there is some in the refrigerator.”
Steve fingers traced the lines of the collar before moving down to skim across the arc of Cyrillic writing, the scaring still not quite fully healed.  He felt his omega tense as he spotted the new additions to his body in the mirror, his breath quickening as he began to panic.  Quickly cupping Tony’s neck, he stroked his bonding mark and gently massaged the knot of nerves at the back of his neck to keep him clam.
Steve thrust up lazily into Tony’s loose sloppy hole feeling slick and cum dripping out onto his thighs Tony moaned and squirmed with each thrust, his raw sensitive channel desperately trying to clench around the invading erection.
Omega Stark will be kept sedated for the next 24 hours whilst his body detoxifies, a feeding tube has been introduced which will provide a high calorific formula to initiate weight gain.  Once his body is clear of all toxins and traces of medication, Omega Stark should start to feel hungry and can be placed on a controlled weight gain diet.  I must stress how important it will be in the first few weeks for all of you to ensure the feeding plan is followed, you cannot allow him to skip any meals regardless of the distress it may cause, concurrently if he wants to eat more let him, as his omega biology regulates itself and his emotional state becomes more balanced this will be the case.
Steve readily agreed to Nat’s plan, there was no point in him trying to be the one to go, he just didn’t have the stealth and computer skills she did.  He was incredibly disappointed that this omega was not their Tony, but if anyone could trace him it would be Natasha.
Ropes of pearly cum coated his chest and even splashed on his face, his still hard cock twitched with each pulse of his alpha’s cock.  Steve’s large hands roamed his body, massaging cum over every inch of available skin, mindful not to jostle his injured limbs.  Tony moaned as Steve rubbed his fingers along his perineum, jostling his plugged hole but never touching his cock and balls.
“Captain Rogers I need to get Mr Stark cleaned and dressed for your appointment, please can you lay him back on the bed.”
Pulling out his fingers, he nudged the head of his cock past Petey’s gapping rim, he gave the meg only a few seconds to adjust before he pushed further, sinking deep as his bitch screamed in agony whilst still pushing back to meet his length.
Steve had just looked at him in that superior patronizing manner of his before informing him that a properly raised omega would not question their Alpha’s decisions, they knew not to object or disobey because unbonded or bonded they naturally knew that their place was subservient to Alphas. He went on to inform Tony that he should be extremely thankful that not one, but two Alphas had been willing to overlook all his obvious short comings and were willing to take on such an unstable and erratic omega, to guide and educate him in the proper ways of a traditional pack omega.
Thy all sat forward to watch Sira begin the painful process of stroking and pulling on Loki’s clitoris. The Jotun stroked and pinched the inch and a half long clit, until it was fully engorged, the skin stretched tight and red.
Steve and Bruce showered leaving the passed out omega on the bed.  Steve once he was dressed sponged Tony down and plugged his asshole and pussy, leaving him naked and propped up against a mound of pillows.
Just as he was attempting to pull up the yoga pants the cubicle door swung open with a bang, not bothering to look up he asked daddy to help him only it wasn’t daddy’s voice that answered.
The papers the next day called the gas explosion a tragic accident, but a two days later were full of speculation when it became known that she had been fired from Stark Industries for gross misconduct.  The fire report confirmed that the explosion had been an accident and the whole matter faded from the news to be replaced by the news that Tony stark Rogers would be attending ‘The Military Benefit’ with his Alpha Captains Steve Rogers.
“Sorry Steve, l don’t want to be taken away, l will try harder to learn to be your omega, you have already given me my freedom from Him, so thank you.  I don’t want to disappoint you, but please understand that some things will be difficult for me after the abuse he put me through.”
Tony drifted slowly to consciousness becoming aware that he was no longer laying in his bed or in his sterile white hospital room.  The room was overly warm, the lights dim, large LED screens covered every wall, looking down he could see he was laying on a large red beanbag wearing just a diaper, every time he tried to push himself up he just sank further down.  His whole body ached, the slightest movement had his muscles cramping and his limbs trembling.  Giving up on trying to get off the bean bag, he tried to remove what appeared to be a pacifier from his mouth, but his mitten covered hands could not unbuckle the strap securing it to his face.
Pressing down hard on the small bundle of nerves at the back of Tony’s neck he caught the omega as he slumped boneless against Winters’s thigh, pupils blown by the sudden increased rush of endorphins.  Winter wiped the remaining cum from his cock against Tony’s flushed cheeks, both Alphas sated and content in the knowledge that their omega was thoroughly undone.  Scooping him up in to his arms he carried him to the small omega bedroom off the master suite, after laying him on the bed he debated whether to remove the nose ring, but decided against it, it would remain in place until he and Winter decided if it was to become a permanent feature.  Ensuring Tony was propped up to relieve any pressure on the arc reactor he placed a warm blanket over him, Tony would need a full night’s sleep if he was to have any energy for tomorrow’s planned activities.  Loki would take care of feeding the pups tonight, and with the midwife arriving tomorrow who would also act as a nanny, Tony would have more time rest in between his milking sessions and servicing his Alphas.
Does my little fat cow need her udders milked, do you need my big fat cock to fill your slut holes full of cum, seal it in so that you can keep yourself full to satisfy the craving gnawing deep inside of you?”
Tony allowed Steve to put him in a pull-up and another soft tracksuit with the warm thick socks the Clinic provided. Lunch turned out to be the breakfast he had missed. It was awkward and embarrassing as he fumbled with the cutlery and nearly threw up when he had his first sip of coffee.
Tony watched as she stopped a few paces away from Steve, he could see that she was panting and holding on to her side, a tiny trickle of blood dripping through her fingers. Just as Steve moved forward to help her the air crackled and sparked, thunder sounded, and Tony felt himself blown back by the backdraft of the Portal as it began to open.  Crying out he clutched his stomach as he felt a gush of fluid escape from between his legs, sharp pains rippled across his belly as he tried sit up.
“Winter, let’s get our pretty baby dressed before we wake him up, I think the white lace is appropriate for renewing our bond.”
A moan escaped his lips as he felt his orgasm build as his cock  throbbed under his fingers, suddenly a large hand clamped over his much smaller one squeezing tightly squashing his rising orgasm crushing his cock held by his own hand, pleasure turned to pain as his cock was trapped under the super soldier’s strength.
“Beautiful, now hold out your hands, it is time for our rings to return to their rightful place.”
These pups would been born and within two months he would be pregnant again.  The pups were all tested at birth to see if they were full Pets, latent or pure human.  So far he had bred true and all six were Pets, Steve with Winter's agreement had said and human child would be raised by Pepper and Happy, and if they showed his genius could potentially become heir to Stark Industries.
Betty soon found herself naked, legs spread wide with her feet in metal stirrups. Darcy was in a similar state next to her, except she had been also fitted with a feeding gag.  She tried not to flinch as a Dr Banner expanded the speculum to its fullest leaving her vagina aching and wide open.  She was thankful that the other Avengers apart from Widow had all left, although the cold stare Widow was giving her was starting to make her feel distinctly uncomfortable.
He has no choice but to swallow Bucky’s cum, gaffing and choking on the super soldier’s massive load.  There was no reprieve,  throughout the night Bucky tormented and fucked him, in the morning he left him bound to the bed, disappearing for hours, as Steve lay sobbing and moaning as his broken body painfully repaired itself.
Once you fuck and bond the aggravating little shit there is not way your 40s alpha instincts are going to let your mate play at being an alpha super hero, with his propensity to run his mouth off at the most inopportune times you will not and I repeat not tell him of your mission!”
Bruce don’t be shy, I know you want to feel her belly and check how the pups are growing.  Take some of her slick for the Hulk to taste again if you want, it’s going to start gushing the minute Clint and Natasha get a good rhythm going.”
He looked much younger now, Winter would place him about 30 years of age, he hazarded a guess that the serum could possibly physically age him down further to optimal omega breeding age or to Rogers and his age.  This was an unexpected side of the transference of elements of the super soldier serum.
“Come feed Sarah whilst l pick out what l want you to wear, we have an interview with Vanity Fair at midday.  You don’t need to worry about answering any questions, you just need to sit with me and look pretty.
When his rut ended, he collapsed in his stall, drained of all energy and cum, closing his eyes he dropped into a deep sleep.
Thor began his chant as he slid into the wet heat of Tony’s sex, hours of fucking, and the little omega’s pussy was still tight, gripping his cock as he shot his first load of cum. Placing his hand over the new rune stones on the omega’s swollen belly, he pressed down hard until the stones and cum dispersed throughout the omega’s body.
“Right bring in the pups, let’s see if they will latch on without any intervention.”
Whilst he could appreciate what a beautiful  femme omega Tony made, that was not what he personally wanted.
“Steve, l am certain as l can be that it will not happen, the bond is broken, the sheer amount of time and money it would cost scientifically to create a pathway or Portal is astronomical.  Dr Strange is a powerful Sorcerer but he cannot devote all his time and magic to this.
He was so distracted by the beautiful sight of his omega being thoroughly fucked, the heady smell of blissed out omega making his cock stir as he ran in to the lounge., he didn’t notice Bruce coming up behind him and stabbing his neck with a sonic taser.  He dropped to the floor as his whole body seized, he lay tracking Bruce with his eyes, unable to move so much as a finger.
Thankyou Captain, if you could place his feet in the stirrups and then remove his plug, I will take a sample of his slick for testing.”
He could only watch as Steve reached out to Natasha, who raised her arms as if to hug him, but a the last minute her wrists connected with his chest, her widows bites shocking him with their full force, sending him reeling to his knees as Natasha leap and her thighs closed around his neck.
Tony’s crack and puffy hole were on full display his butt cheeks raised off the mattress giving Steve full access.  His small soft cock and balls flopped against his stomach totally spent after so many orgasms during his heat.
If you make any noise, move your hips, or clench your tight little hole round my cock three times, then l am going to knot you right here on this couch.”
As a result, he stood at 4ft 10 inches and would barely pass as a High School Senior age wise.  Dark curls framed his face, highlighting his huge doe eyes with their ridiculously thick long lashes. Cupid bow lips hid the fact that he could easily accommodate both his Alphas cocks in his mouth at the same time, and he hated the way they both practically cooed over his dimples when they appeared.
With the development of his drug he would be able to breakdown the last protection an omega had against a forced bonding.  Steve has been extremely clever in manipulating Tony into agreeing to bond, but not all Alphas had the time or the patience to do the same.  A business deal or family merger could fail in minutes if an omega decided to rebel.  The drug still needed to be tested, but he would need to acquire some young virgin omegas from the Omega Orphanages, that would not be missed if they disappeared.
Sighing he settled back into the warmth of his nest breathing in the strong scent left by his Alpha on his blankets and pillows. He made no objection when the teat of the bottle was placed in his mouth just content not to have to move or do any work, the soothing rhythm of sucking took his mind off the niggling pain at the base of his spine.
Fucking hell! I am in so much trouble he completely believes in the bull shit he is spouting and even worse my stupid omega hormones are leaping up in down in agreement, bloody omega biology is the worst should have kept on experimenting with bond suppressors when I had the chance! He thought.
Bruce took in Steve’s heavy scent and aggressive pacing, trying not to look at the hard length of the Alpha’s cock outlined by the tight material of his uniform each time he passed his seat.
Fingers held tight he started to thrust up into the wet heat moving his fingers trying to find the omega’s nub, a low moan from the omega had him rubbing hard on the raised nub quickly bringing him to the edge before slowing to gentle taps.  Winter spent some time tormenting the omega enjoying the pretty sounds of distress and arousal emitting from those plump lips.
“Tony, that is quite enough, you will not undo all the hard work Ms Potts and your lawyers have done to ensure that Stark Industries and yourself, were not handed over in to the care of the Government and the Omega Registry.  You need to understand how difficult the negotiations were and what concessions we had to make to keep you and your Company safe.
Steve watched as Tony’s peachy ass cheeks wobbled slightly as he walked out the room, a shimmer of slick coating his thighs.
Steve wiped away the tears from his omega’s face taking in the absolute look of defeat.  He could not help but want to comfort him but knew that he could not appear weak, Tony needed to be punished for his disobedience and then there would be time for forgiveness and comfort just as long as his omega showed proper contrition and acceptance of the right of his Alpha to have total control over his omega’s body.
“Oh fuck!  Steve get that fat cock of yours in my pussy now!  I have a two o’clock meeting with the board, come on I am going to need a post orgasm high to get through dealing with the misogynistic old bastards.”
Mercifully he had managed to keep down the contents of his stomach, not that the Captain had taken any notice of his pain.  Once he had removed the brand he had hauled Tony up from his kneeling position by the furnace bent him over the nearest work surface and fucked him hard and fast whilst laving his tongue repeatedly over the brand continuously mouthing and sucking at the burnt flesh.
Clint was visibly impressed and even Thor just nodded his head at Steve. Natasha showed no visible signs of being impressed but then she never gave anything away.
Steve had discussed this method with Miss Potts and she had been in total agreement that Tony should be fully bonded in every way as that was going to be the only way to keep him inline and to stop him from trying to run away or break the bond.  Once addicted it could not be undone and withdrawal would kick in after a few days and without his Alpha’s cum death would happen within four weeks.  Miss Potts had said that Tony might be reckless and take unnecessary risks but he did not have a death wish like most people thought.
Bruce watched from the monitor in his office as Pepper woke then stumbled into the shower. Bruce caught sight of the small dark bruise at the bad of her neck, the two puncture marks hidden by the darkened skin, three hours has passed since he had injected her, by the time they returned to the Compound she should be showing a reaction to the serum.  He would test her levels after Steve had dealt with her, once extremist had been eradicated then the serum should react faster.  Once he had the results he could then start trialing it on the two omegas, in the hour their profiles had been on his private Alpha/Omega website, there had been a number of bidders for the young virgin cunts.
Still find it totally impossible to do a Tony/Steve happy ending, but I do not think in this story it would be at all possible.
Steve felt a surge of satisfaction that his omega had managed to ingest all three bottles of cum shake without gagging to much or throwing any back up, now he just needed to eat the large bowl of omega meal replacement and he would be caught up on his diet.  Taking off the gag and tossing it to the side he picked up the spoon and pushed it between Tony’s closed lips.
Loki swallowed down another load of Clint’s cum as Steve and Winter’s knots caught again in his wrecked holes. As Thor and Natasha bit down once more on his swollen nipples another orgasm shook his body, his clit throbbed and squirted cold Jotun cum.
Prince Thor will take an omega of high birth and pure bloodline as his consort, they will provide him with heirs and stay by his side throughout the day to service his needs and aid him in any way he sees fit.  The omega due to their position will be allowed many liberties that other omegas are not allowed, but they will never on pain of harsh punishment be allowed to argue or say no to Thor in public.
Tony mewled as the wand’s vibrations increased, he tried to gather his scattered thoughts, but the need to be filled and knotted was beginning to consume him, he could feel his cunt desperately trying to draw the slim vibrator deeper, but Steve’s hand was steady and no matter how much he bore down and clenched there was no relief.
“You cannot do that!  What the hell are you thinking Steve?  Natasha doesn’t know the first thing about running a company, neither do you.  If you think the board will allow you to buy their remaining shares that just proves how naïve you both are about business.
Donning a clean pair of surgical gloves, he inserted his fingers in to Tony’s birthing channel to check how dilated he was, thankfully he was only one centimetre so they still had some time and hopefully they could halt any further progress for a period of time with the injection of Terbutaline he as going to give him.
Easily lifting Tony, he placed him on the foam mat laying on top of the bed.
Tony had fought and rebelled against his father at every turn earning many beatings and other punishments, even when he presented as an Omega to the shock of everyone, he had still rebelled and gone his own way.  He had never listened or submitted, there was not and Alpha alive that had been able to control him.
Steve thoroughly enjoyed having Tony hanging from his knot, the complete and utter helplessness of his baby boy had his knot pulsing and cum swelling his little one’s stomach to an obscene level.  Tony sobbed and begged to be let down, but Steve would swiftly smack his bubble butt each time, telling him what a naughty and ungrateful boy he was for not wanting his Daddy to play with him and give him his undivided attention.
His worst fear was happening, they were taking him out in public and not just for a walk in the park where he could have stood a chance of not being noticed.  No they were parading him in front of the media and the rich and powerful who he once lauded over.
At least Tony gets some sleep whilst Steve and Bucky bond some more.
Tony crumpled under Steve’s patented look of disapproval, he angry words died on his lips.  He was desperate not to disappoint his Alpha but at the same time he wanted to shout out that he was a grown adult and didn’t need to have his working life micro-managed and be taught new tricks like a performing dog.  He felt divided in two, independent Tony was fighting against omega Tony who was becoming more to the fore.  The two sides of his nature were battling, it was stupid as he was gaining so much of what he wanted from being Steve’s omega, but he was afraid that he would become the failure Howard always said he would be, ‘stupid waste of space, cry baby, sissy little bitch, not even capable of producing anything worthwhile,  Stark men are made of Iron, they never cry or give up, never bow down to anyone.  You are pathetic, you might as well have been a useless fucking omega, fat, lazy good for nothing but fucking and sucking cock.’
“Captain shame on you getting caught out again, gonna have to be on you’re A game with me or else you might end up screwed!  Now it’s only fair I get to mark you as we are equals as Alphas in this relationship.”
“Ms’ Potts is proving to be quite a challenge, she is naturally very dominant and has a rigid opinion of what she deems, to be acceptable behavior for herself. The trigger words have been implanted but we have been unable to keep her under for more than thirty minutes.
Instead something much more horrendous happened, a man appeared in the doorway taking hold of the leash from Happy and tugging her forward, until he could grab her arm and twist it holding her close, his face smirking as he licked a strip up her cheek.
Bucky could see Steve getting more annoyed as he listened to Fury’s arguments for detaining him at Shield HQ and unless Steve could come up with a valid reason Shield Agents would be arriving at 3pm to collect the Bucky/The Winter Soldier.
“Dirty bitch, look at the mess you have made, well you are just going to have to lie in it until my knot goes down.”
“Hmmm, thank you Tony, but l think you are not being telling the whole truth.  Yes, you needed to pee, but l would suggest that you may have wanted to make Steve jealous as you were being ignored.  Did you perhaps catch Ty’s eye and nod towards the restroom?
Each strike of the cane on his thighs and buttocks had made him scream, his Alpha had not held back, his anger at Tony’s admission of developing an omega suppressor fuelled each blow. After ten strikes of the cane his Alpha has pushed him to his knees ordering him to hold his position and not move until he was released.
“ Steve  Steve, did you see how many robots I destroyed, hah! Far more than the rest of you and not even a scratch on the armour cause that’s a real pain in the ass when that happens means all night in the work shop fixing the armour then a coffee overload which makes me hyper so then I can’t sleep and then Pepper gets mad cause I fall asleep in odd places and don’t complete paper work.  Oh! Just realised no more company so no more paper work, Yay!! Go me! One advantage of bonding I suppose though you better let Pepper run the company and not interfere to much because she will get real cranky and annoyed and you don’t want Pepper being mad at you she will impale you with her heels and they hurt boy do they hurt!  OH! OH!  Did I tell you that its really hot in the armour without clothes and that I’m really hot and sweaty now and I can feel it running down my legs and my skin is all itchy and I want to take the armour off put JARVIS will not let me so pretty please with a cherry on the top can you order him unlock me so I can cool off, perhaps I could lay under that tree in the shade and you could join me that would be nice.  Steve! Steve! Are you listening to me I need to get out of this tin can and I really, really, want you to Fuck Me, like right this minute!!   STEVE! come on its not fair you need to listen to me times a wasting you need to get with the programme and F.U.C.K ME NOW!!”
Bucky’s dick was rock hard and straining within the confine of his trousers as he stared down at the tightly bound omega snivelling and whimpering, begging him to stop afraid for his pups.
Chapter 58.
Bruce ever the researcher and scientist took samples of his milk at various stages of stimulation and arousal and Tony cursed Natasha out loud when she was proved right.  That got him a discipline spanking from his Alphas and two days of Natasha driving him to the brink of insanity by leaving the dildos on the highest settings whenever he was placed on the milking machine.
“Good boy Brutus, you can bite your bitch if you want, let her know who is her alpha in the breeding room.”
“Look at yourself, look how perfect you are now that you have embraced being a proper omega.  Your body is as it should be soft and gentle to the touch.  You were made to be bonded and bred you can see it in how quickly your body has adapted and changed.”
“Fuck!”
“Such a pretty little pussy you have Tony, all smooth and clean, doesn’t matter that your cock and balls are gone, you are perfect to me, my own best girl.
He was going to have to access the vault at the mansion and study his father’s files to see if there was any of the research notes hidden amongst the hundreds of project files stored in the vault.  He was going to have to let Brue know as well as get Steve’s permission to leave the tower, which was going to be practically impossible but hopefully his Alpha would want answers as much as Tony.
Now you have five minutes, before l expect you to be back and settled on my lap.”
“Such a greedy little boy for daddy’s cum, I didn’t even have to tell you what to do. When you have cleaned all my fingers daddy wants you to clean his cock as well.”
I suggest that you significantly increase his feeding regime over the rest of his pregnancy and with three pups to feed you may need to keep it going post pregnancy depending on how much milk he produces.
Well that is most of the medical side of things covered, so if you have any questions please ask now or if you want to take some time to take it all in you can ask nurse Stella to page me.”
These humans are so stupid and shortsighted, but that was only to be expected of a race that was so short lived.
The promise of being allowed to orgasm had been an effective training method, Tony was an extremely sexual being, but just when his Omega had nearly reached his goal Steve devised a way for Tony to fuck up and fail.  His poor Omega never seemed to realise what his Alpha was doing and became more and more desperate to please and to obey, chasing that ever elusive orgasm.
“Please, please tell me what do?  I am being good, I am sorry for running away, I will not do it again.
A riot if dark curls surround a soft clean-shaven face, huge doe eyes gazed up at his husband nervously, his hand engulfed by the Captain’s.  Even sitting down, it was noticeable by comparing this new photo with older ones that he was considerable smaller in stature and thinner.  There was a vulnerability and innocence that was extremely worrying to many in the medical profession and rejected as fake and photo shopped by hard-nosed journalists and found just plain adorable by his legion of fans.
“I’m so sorry Bucky, it’s all my fault.  I should have hung on to you, saved you, not let you fall.. Please Bucky can you forgive me, what do you need? How do we get rid of the winter soldier?”
He pulls Tony up onto his lap, seating him on his cock facing the large mirror.  The changes are subtle, as slight soften of his body, a slight loss of muscle tone both of which will progress over the next 48 hours, along with the forming of his barely their breasts with their pert nipples and dusty pink areola. Tony’s stomach is rounded, full of cum, the small mound of flesh will soon be permanent.  All his body hair has gone, giving him a clear view of his mate’s small balls and chubby cock, which is inches smaller, he can see his own cock surrounded by the stretched lips of Tony’s newly formed pussy, can feel the tight channel still pulsing round his cock.
Running Stark Industries is going to be so much easier without having to deal with your antics, you have no idea of the stress you have caused me over the years how difficult you have made my job.  Well now after this meeting there will be no need for you to attend any more for a long time.  The last product launch has been moved forward to this afternoon.  It will also serve as a way to show the public and press that you are bonded without you having to speak to anyone.”
Natasha allowed Andre to kiss her hand as he ran his eyes over Pepper, taking in all aspects of her appearance.
The Omegas press up against his body surrounding and covering him, pussy and cocks rut against him until as one they all orgasm coating his body in cum and cunt juice. Tony’s small cock is still hard his nipples aching, his body thrumming with arousal but he knows that only his Alpha can allow him what he needs and wants.
“Mr President, your omega will need to be fed a litre each day for the next two days, ensure that her weight is monitored and take measurements of her figure so that we can amend the amount needed if necessary.  She will put on approx. 28lbs between now and the end of her pregnancy and produce high quality milk for the pups.
The President smiles as he strokes the cow’s bald head, he pays no attention to the tears dripping down her face.
“Thank you, Thor but I cannot take all the credit, the medical staff have been extremely proficient in their treatment regime and Tony cannot be blamed for the situation Howard placed him under.  Although I hate to see him having been hurt it is perhaps fortuitous set of circumstances over the last few months that have led to the revelation of his omega nature.”
Much to her shame Helen found herself eagerly nodding her head her juices soaking her knickers at him called her omega, scared but thrilled that finally Bruce was going to claim her. The Hulk was not something she had ever considered but surely Bruce was joking, she knew he could control his transformation now after using the Infinity Stones to reverse the Snap but even so he would split her in two if he Hulked whilst they were having sex.
“So Bruce I hope this means I am going to be the only spider in the tower, I would hate to live up to my name sake of the Black Widow Spider, you know how much I hate other itsy bitsy spiders coming into my territory.”
Steve and Happy both jerked off along with most of the crew as Tony and Pepper were literally hosed down with piss, the beast actor paid special attention to the little bottom, eager to play with him again.  Once he was soaked, he aimed his last steam of piss into the boy’s open mouth, laughing as his tiny cock stood to attention the moment his piss hit those pretty lips.
He didn’t know why he had been so bothered about his dress, so when Bucky sat him on the table and undid the ribbon holding the top of the dress closed, he just wriggled his arms free and raised his backside off the table, allowing him to pull the dress down and off him.  He felt hands pushing him down, holding him against the table as Bucky lathes his nipples, sucking and biting until he is whining and begging him to stop.
Steve moved to the front of the swing letting it gradually slow down, so he could film Tony, he knew it was only a matter of time before the pressure on his bladder became to much, then his bowels would follow soon after.  He had deliberately forgone his baby boy’s enema, Tony needed to experience the utter mortification of soiling himself so that he didn’t fuss so much about the daily enemas he was going to need now that his body had healed, and he was on a high calorie weight gain diet.
I know this is all happening fast, but legally everything needs to be put in place for your safety and the security of Stark Industries.  The Avengers Pack has unanimously accepted you as their Omega and believe me they didn’t even take a minute to decide, they all care about you and can’t wait to see you and start spoiling you.  I have accepted on your behalf as your Guardian, it might seem high handed, but I know its what you have always wanted but thought you could never have.
They had rented a motel room and then Natasha had purchased a laptop and started to insert their identities in to all the major State Systems.  The program Bruce had written would filter details of their history onto the internet and into the local systems of the towns and schools they had attended.  There military careers would hold up under scrutiny for a job security search, so now all they needed to do wait for their applications for Security Personnel at the Compound to be verified.
You are an ugly, alien looking Meg, no one is ever going to want you. You will never be anything but a fuck hole, a breeding bitch, a last resort for my cock to get some action.  Now take my cum and spawn your pup!”
Pepper finally took in the faces at the conference table, she recognised the four members who were loyal ‘yes men’, the two Natasha was supposed to be investigating were also present, though neither looked particularly happy.  Finally, she took in the other familiar faces, why the hell were the Avengers Pack leaders sitting amongst the Board.
He couldn’t breathe, he could feel the shards of glass and bone digging into his skin, frozen he stared up into cold grey eyes. Just as his vision began to darken, he felt hot breath on his lips.
The light disappeared and all she could her was the quiet whisper of her father’s voice repeating over and over the words ‘Daddy’s Sex Doll.’
Pepper arrive an hour later to find Peter standing in the corner his soaked panties round his ankles and his dress hiked up to show off his bright red backside. He was staring at the wall a mulish expression on his face, and she could she his fists were clenched tight around material of his dress.  Happy was sitting on the sofa cuddling a sobbing Tony, stroking his curls and whispering nonsense trying to calm the distraught omega.
“Adorably embarrassed but contained his arousal for an acceptable time during the more intimate part of the Inspector’s test, he accomplished all the basic traditional presentation positions with only a minor wobble, which the Inspector allowed due to his slightly weakened leg.
The bidding was fast and within ten minutes each of the ten were being led to their owners for the night.
Spreading Peter’s cheeks wide, Pepper slid her cock into his slick hole, the tight wet heat eagerly welcoming her in.  Keeping a slow steady rhythm, she watched and waited until both omegas started to relax, thinking that the task she had set them would be easy to fulfil.  When Happy closed his eyes, she switched up the pace, smirking as Peter choked and Happy’s fingers gripped the sheets.
The Widow just stared at her with contempt written all over her face, she never saw the punch coming, Banner’s fist caught her cheek, his ring splitting the skin and catching her lip, blood spraying over the sheet.
Steve laughed at his omega’s shocked expression and internal thought that he would never do that, by the time Tony had to make his last public speech later that evening he would be so desperate for his Alpha’s cum he could be manipulated into saying and doing whatever Steve demanded of him.
What the scientists hadn’t been able to determine until the agonising process to activate the latent gene had been successfully completed, was what breed of wolf he would turn out to be.
Steve watched as his omega settled, all his limbs going lax, his eyes staring up at him shining with complete trust, that his Alpha would get him to the place he was supposed to be.
Steve was thrilled with Tony’s current height loss but hoped that he continued to lose a further few inches, he wanted his baby boy under 5ft, so he could fully enforce his child like status even when he was in his adult mind.
Bruce waited until Steve disappeared on to the bathroom, cum dripping from his slack hole. He knew that Steve was due at the Compound for a team training session and movie night. He would not be back at the tower until the morning.
“Think carefully before you say anything you might regret, you have given me your promise to abide by my rules and to willingly give your full submission as is the way of a traditional omega.  Whilst you are in hospital and still physically and mentally transitioning, I am willing to give you some time, but you cannot expect me to condone such behaviour for ever.”
Steve continued to milk his omega’s pussy and clit as as he trembled and whimpered through the aftershocks of his orgasm, locked on his knot Tony had no escape as Steve played with his abused clit until tears ran down his face as a second orgasm had him squirting on his Alpha’s fingers.
Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre was set in beautiful grounds, lush green grass with perfectly maintained flower beds bordered the large gravel drive leading up to the modern white walled two floored building, large tinted glass panels let in light whilst preventing any view of the inside.  The high wall surrounding the grounds was covered with a specially bred fast climbing briar rose, the beautiful white roses and deep green leaves hiding the large razor sharp thorns.  The few trees that dotted the grounds all stood clear of the walls, any low hanging branches were pruned back to the main trunk which was also covered with the same climbing briar rose plant. To enter the grounds, you had to pass through intricately carved large wooden gates.
Steve felt his cock harden as his little boy fought against the inevitable, there was a high chance that the pull-up would not be able to absorb all Tony’s pee and it excited him to watch as Tony struggled to obey, he could see from the glazed look in Tony’s eyes when his little headspace took over and the sag of his shoulders as his bladder emptied.  The damp patch spread down Tony’s leg and a few drops of pee dripped on to the floor, he wanted nothing more than to haul Tony onto his lap and drop him on his hard cock, fucking his baby boy until he knotted him.
Grasping his omega’s head, he plundered his mouth sealing his lips over his omega’s he swallowed down Tony’s scream of pain as the laser did its job. He felt Tony go limp his head rolling to the side.
After eating the mush, he gulped down the cum shake shuddering at the taste, it was a poor substitute for the real thing. Dam it!  now that he had thought about it he could feel the craving starting to rise his breasts aching, nipples hard and weren’t they a thing he never thought he would be admitting to having.
The heat rose off of his omega’s flaming backside as he counted out the last strike.
“You will walk five paces in front of me when we leave this room, you will keep your head up and eyes looking straight ahead at all times, if your shirt slips off you will not stop to replace it so I suggest you do not rush or make any sudden movements.
“There you are omega, now keep those eyes open you are not allowed to close yourself off from your punishment, I want you to watch as your useless omega nuts are clipped tight, watch as the blood flow is cut off, as they swell painfully large and on the morrow when you have had a night to dwell on the consequences of your deceit I will use the emasculator to remove your useless balls.
Prepare the Media Files for download 2 hours prior to the Portal opening. Alert me when the omega gets back, make sure Tony goes straight to the nursery and stays with the pups until l come to collect him.  I don’t want him to have any access to the Internet once he is home.
A/B/O orientation was prime in where you placed in the social structure of family and work. Omega’s had no legal rights and were subject to strict laws. Only Alphas could bond with an omega, Betas could bond with Alphas or be the secondary partner in a triad.  Omega’s had little or no say in who they were bonded to, which had led to the drop on the birth rate of omegas as the omegas were more fertile if the bond had been fully consensual.  But even the threat of the dwindling birth rate had not bought about any changes in the way omegas were treated.
“Now my darling baby I am going to reward you for being such a good boy in your therapy session, daddy is going to play with your love bits until you are all tingly and excited and then when daddy tells you, you will squirt your cream for him.
Steve and the Doctor are typical Alpha dickheads.
“Professor, you need let Banner take over when we get him into the jet, the meg’s baby is coming.”
Winter could only agree, he couldn’t wait to get Jarvis to fabricate the new toys he had designed just for their petite omega.  They were going to have so much fun testing them on Tony.
His Alpha had decided that only he could touch his omega’s breasts and relieve him of his milk.  Pulling off the wet top he threw it on the floor, shivering as the cool air hit his naked breasts.  Curling up on the couch under a blanket he decided an afternoon nap would take his mind off things whilst he waited for Steve to come home.
“Oh God Steve, need to come need you to fuck me and fill me, please let me come I’m begging you Alpha! Hmm….. will be so good for you just let me have this!”
“May, over that last few weeks you have adapted well to being, a milk cow, you even seem to be fond of the pups and have helped care for them along with Loki and the new Nanny/Midwife. As a minor omega of the Pack you will also be  sexually available to any of the Alphas to use whenever they want, now I understand that you were widowed two years ago and have never been with another Alpha but your pussy is a hole for Pack use, you megs’ need to be fucked regularly to keep you tractable and obedient, so today I will use a vibrator on you to stimulate your omega juices and check the sensitivity of your g spot, then I am going to stretch open your anus and fit a vibrating plug.”
Steve strode up to the podium with his leashed omega following closely behind.
He could feel Ty’s cock nudging at his hole, closing his eyes he waited for the inevitable, his weakened and small body no match against Ty.
“Mr President said you could visit with FLO01.  Take a good look, this is what happens to redundant omega’s who can’t just be killed off, due to their Alpha’s status.
He needed to wake Tony, they had to get ready to move out, he was concerned that Natasha had been caught, if she had then the cabin could be compromised along with the Portal site.  He could lessen their risk of them being ambushed at the cabin but there was no way to change the time and site for the Portal to appear.
“Steve, I do believe you are correct, no more princess omega, Tony is healed and may be small, but she is strong.
You will be allowed workshop time for Avengers repairs and auxiliary support during battles and if the Avengers are called away on a mission.
Jarvis timed it to perfection, allowing the omega’s vitals to level out as he took time to stretch and regain his balance after being immobilised and deprived of his senses for so long. Once he heard the shower switch off he set the cock ring to vibrate, the nano tech tightening as the tiny cock plumed up, trapping the blood, flushing the omega’s skin pink as he squirmed and writhed, his hands trying to pull the cock ring off as sparks of current jolted his nerve endings the tiny mushroom head flushing purple as a dribble of pre cum and pee ran over his fingers.
Trapped between his Alphas he drifted off to sleep, he knew he should be more upset by the events of the day but inhaling the heavy scent of Alpha pheromones calmed his stressed nerves and quieted his jumbled thoughts. He may be an Omega but that did not make him a toy that they could do whatever they wanted with.  He was more than a hole to fuck and breed, he needed to believe that and get them to see it as well, in order to keep his sanity he desperately needed his Alphas to not just see him as some inferior being or mindless animal that had no rights what so ever.
‘You are my real Alpha Papa, your scent is true, he didn’t smell right. I preferred Uncle Bruce, he is a proper alpha, same as you.’
He was up to four fingers by the time Steve appeared, Pepper was oblivious as she moaned and thrust her hips to meet his fingers.  He moved so that he was straddling her his now free cock nudging her lips, as he grabbed her legs holding them up and open so Steve could kneel between her spread thighs and thrust his hard length deep into her weeping cunt.  Her scream of pain was cut off abruptly as he slid his own cook down her throat, his balls slapping her chin.
Steve and the Dr Gottlieb had made themselves comfortable in the soft seating area of his office with coffee and sandwiches, the laptop sitting on the coffee table steaming a live feed of Tony’s room.  Both had watched as Nurse Meyer efficiently stripped him out of his pyjamas leaving him in just the diaper with his fluffy socks. Once she connected all the medical equipment she flipped a blanket over him before settling in the chair to monitor the machines outputs on her handheld tablet.
Tony lay cuddled under the blankets, thankfully now itch free after Bruce had given him an anti-histamine injection.  He was sulking a bit as Steve had refit to take his mitts off, with Bruce backing him up.
“Such a good omega I am so proud of you, this shows that you are embracing our bond, submitting to the knowledge that as your Alpha I am in control and you need do nothing but trust and follow where I lead you.”
The mirror was unforgiving,  as ordered he had to always watch himself being fucked. Two years had wrought many changes in his body and without his  voice he could not protest his hatred of his new form.  The serum was gone, along with all the changes it had made to his body.  He was now his pre serum height and build, Banner had carried out multiple medical procedures over the months, the first and most painful had been removing the rest of his cock and repairing the damage to his neck. Bruce had  made him into his ideal woman, he did not care that he was not an omega or that he could not physically have children.  He was nothing more than an obedient dress up doll and a fuck toy, and somehow it was okay, because when Bruce praised him or allowed him to come, nothing else mattered.
Tony has to be encouraged to pee in his diaper.
Pepper shifted to her knees, lips wrapping round his hard cock, mind hazing slightly at the trigger words. Neither one nor the other she settled, rubbing her aching nipples against his trousers.
Peter was horrified when his previous cries of pain and fear turned into mewls of pleasure as he pressed closer to Natasha whilst pushing his butt out for Clint to rut against.
Traditional omega training had to be adapted to his disability, so Steve had concentrated on acclimating Tony to being naked when they were alone in the penthouse or just in his omega drawers on the communal floor with the other pack members.
Natasha set to work on downloading all the information off the computers, Bruce picked up a thick leather bound book and began to flip thorough it, Steve only took notice when he saw Bruce’s skin  flush green, his eyes ringed with red.
Steve rubbed more cum into Tony’s small puffy tits, the large dusty nipples perking up with each pass of his fingers.  The thought of them growing large and dripping with milk excited him no end.  Grabbing hold of Tony’s legs he pushed them up over his shoulders and thrust back into his omega’s still gaping hole.
Tony desperately tried to keep his asshole clenched tight, horrified at the thought of shitting himself, the piss filled diaper was bad enough, surely Steve would not go that far.  He almost believed that things would be alright when Steve unbuckled him and sat him on the bench, cuddling him close.
You have now been legally registered as Omega Anthony Edward Stark aged 17, Omega to the Avengers Pack, and as is the law will be required to be mated within three months of becoming a Pack Omega, due to your injuries they have allowed and extension to two weeks before your eighteenth birthday if needed, so that gives us just under six months to fulfil all the legal requirements and get you settled and integrated into the Pack. As you are considered a minor because you are unmated, Pepper was awarded temporary guardianship until she found you a Pack.  Now that you have been registered as the Omega of the Avengers Pack, I as the Alpha am now responsible for you and you fall under my guardianship.
Pepper hated Medical examinations, especially now that their were two of them poking and prodding her.  They never explained any of the procedures or what the painful injections into her stomach contained.  She would be released and told to put her harness back on under whatever clothes she had and then report back to either Natasha or Steve.  Steve would fuck her roughly against all surfaces and Natasha would put her under her desk to warm her cock with Steve’s cum dripping from her abused holes.  Hawkeye usually fucked her after a mission or if he and Natasha were tormenting her.  Banner had his omega, and showed no interest in her, whilst Prof Hulk just fingered her open on occasion but never went any further.  He always left her on the edge of an orgasm, and as time passed she became desperate for him to fuck her, she dreamt for those huge fingers fucking  her pussy as she rode his hand and knew that soon she was going to beg him to allow her to do it.
Back in his lab he wasted no time in stripping off Petey’s dress, socks and shoes. Thick cuffs secured his wrists and ankles to the omega frame, the d ring on the back of the collar hooked to a tight chain ensured that his head was held still.
“Dam, sorry it’s just that you are so tight and slick and I didn’t mean to knot you again but it’s impossible not to react to your moans and to the pheromones you are giving off.  I have waited so long for this and I know it is not the ideal time, but my inner alpha is calling for me to make you mine, to get rid of the stench of Him!
The President still coming down from the high of fucking an alien could only manage a grunt of satisfaction as he buttoned up his pants before gathering his wits to give his after dinner speech.
Happy jabbed his fingers into her cunt, then held them up for everyone to see, his fingers were soaked with Pepper’s pussy juice.
“ Yeah, not sure with that fat belly she’s going to be able to lean over, shame as she sure got cock sucking lips, her mum could suck you dry five times over on a trip to the lake.”
Tony screamed as his channel was filled with his Alpha’s huge cock his burning ring of muscles stretched to its limit, each thrust hitting his gland the pain of his cock being pressed against the nubs on the inside of the cock cage as it tried to fill contrasting with the jolts of pleasure each time his gland was hit by his Alpha’s cock.  Time blurred along with the pain and the pleasure, minutes or hours could have passed and Tony would not have been able to say which.
Steve sat at the breakfast table and motioned for Tony to kneel by his side with his gloved hands locked behind his back.  His lips twitched at the hiss from his omega has his heels came in to contact with his throbbing buttocks.
Dr Chu had concluded that the further reduction in height and age was due to the extra time spent in the Cradle due to the Avengers having been called out and the medical wing locked down so that she had not been able to get to the Cradle and Jarvis could not over-ride Captain America’s command to keep Tony isolated and protected from anyone trying to enter the medical wing or tamper with the Cradle whilst they were on a mission.
Now what do you want to do about Pepper, as an Alpha it will be difficult but not impossible to breed her with the hounds.  I will need to tinker with her DNA but the hybrids would be a/a as opposed to Natty’s o/a pups.  Have a think about it, l know that she is your bed warmer and bitch but if you don’t want to attempt breeding her then l could make use of her womb.  Dr Banner has been assisting me with my research and agrees that we need to keep the bloodlines varied so there is no inbreeding.”
“Captain Rogers, your husband sure is a pretty little thing.  My stepson is at Mountain View for treatment at the moment, the poor boy thought he could just run off an marry some whore, who was only using him for my money.
The horrified expression on woman’s face had the President laughing, it was always a pleasure to see a woman and especially an omega one reduced to their appropriate state, none of those stupid equality for women laws would have been passed if he been in Office at that time.   The repeal of the Omega Rights Law and the new Stark Amendments would be his legacy, but there was nothing to stop him sowing the seeds for a movement to return women to more traditional roles within the home and workplace.
Tony was practically vibrating with anger, on trying to reach over to the bed side table to find his phone he found his way blocked by the large muscular chest and crossed arms of a frowning Steve Rogers.
Bucky stared at the omega shifting restlessly on its stool, trying not to put pressure on its reddened butt cheeks.  It was good that the omega had discovered his part in its parent’s death and had processed his anger and grieve.  He knew that there was going to be some residual negative emotions that were bound to surface in the future but they could be dealt with when it happened.  Steve would make the omega understand how things were going to be once Bucky and he were bonded, there was no doubt in his mind that they would complete the bond, till the end of the line had been their pledge to each other.
“Such a whore for it Stevie, never satisfied always wanting more, such a greedy bitch bet he could be in labour and still want to suck cock and be fucked.”
He woke to Steve running his hands over his distended stomach, kneading the soft rolls of flesh, as he pinched the soft flesh of his inner thighs, leaving a trail of red marks.
Noticing the looming Alpha with two cups of tea in large hands she motioned him to sit in the arm chair she had pulled near to the bed.
At the doctor’s request, he placed Tony back on the examination table helping the doctor place his feet in the stirrups, spreading his legs wide so that the internal examination could be completed.  Tony made a small mew of discontent at the uncomfortable position, only settling back quietly when Steve once again curled his hand round his neck rubbing his mating mark and squeezing down on his nerves.
“Captain Rogers, her tits will grow at a normal rate for a twin pregnancy but her teats are going to get larger and thicker, at the moment they are an inch in thickness and length, but the special serum injected during her transformation at Mountain Rise Clinic means that they will grow at least another inch or more and half as thick again.”
“Oh my god! I’m really pregnant, this is actually happening. Two babies Steve, two of them, l am going to get huge.  You are going to have to roll me everywhere, oh this is going to be great, l can make Clint go and get me all kinds of strange food and he won’t be able to say no to the poor pregnant omega in case l cry, and you go all Alpha on him for upsetting me.”
From now on every aspect of his life would fully under his Alpha’s control, the only room for maneuver was when he was Iron Man and for any decisions made as the head of R & D.  He could advise his board of directors as an omega C.E.0 and owner, but it was Pepper as the Alpha C.E.O who had final say in any decision making. Also now that he was bonded, Stark Industries really belonged to his Alpha and he would just be a figurehead to be paraded before the public and the board and at any event where his presence would be needed to boost the stock and value of the company.
“You like that don’t you baby, the thought of everyone watching and seeing how beautiful you are as you take my knot, maybe another night.  But for now, l am going to make you sit on my knot whilst l play with your omega cock until you squirt and my cum floods your greedy hole.”
Steve continued to spoon the porridge in to Tony’s mouth only giving him time to quickly swallow before the next one appeared, his baby boy was quiet and docile only beginning to fidget as his stomach filled and distended due to the amount he was being fed.  Once the second bowl was empty he placed the teat of the bottle back in Tony’s mouth the angle ensuring that even if he didn’t suck the milk would still flow out of the hole in the teat.
Chapter 15
Now it made sense, Howard had expected an Alpha son or even a Beta to inherit Stark Industries, not a ‘useless omega bitch’ the odds of a base-line human such as Howard and a beta woman producing an omega were incredibly low, practically non-existent.  Maria must have had a strong omega gene for such a thing to have occurred.
As he fucked Steve, he contemplated how easy it had been under the guise of monthly health checks to ensure the omega was injected with contraceptives and hormones that suppressed his libido and submissiveness.
He needs some fat on these bones and these udders need to be big enough to feed three pups, I know you don’t want any artificial milk crap being fed to our pups. You need to speak to the doctors about what is best for our omega.”
Bruce gave a thumbs up from the operating theatre, before assisting the surgeons in closing up the omega’s exposed chest cavity.
“Doesn’t even hurt you ugly Hag!”
Ensure Tony remains naked and is plugged how I ordered, have him come find Captain Rogers and myself when he is ready.”
Tony had thought giving birth to the boys had been horrific but it was nothing compared to the agony that Loki suffered pushing out Thor’s huge pup.  Tony had spent most of the labour riding his Alphas cocks until Sita needed him to stimulate Loki’s nipples, he had forgotten how tasty the Jotun’s milk was and whined when Thor pulled him off so Loki’s milk could run down his stomach.
Clint slapped Pepper’s face, grabbing hold of her chin and squeezing.
Bruce ran his fingers along the fatty flesh of May’s outer lips, pinching and squeezing  until they were swollen and red, every once in a while he nudged her clit smirking as her breathing grew more ragged, when he pressed down to the harder muscle and nerves her cunt lips fluttered and clenched. Three swift open palm slaps and May was screaming as her cunt squirted and the air was filled with the scent of omega juice.  Bruce didn’t give her a chance to recover, he pressed two vibrating eggs into her cunt moving them around until May’s breath hitched letting him know he had found her g spot, using the remote he increased the vibration, smirking as the omega whined and cried her way to another orgasm.
“Thank you, First Omega for your words.
“I want her, I am going to train the bitch, to be the perfect pet.  I want a some modifications done first though.
Now push them in a bit further, spread them so I can see your boy cunt opening up for me.
Grabbing hold of her hair he dragged her over to the full-length mirror and forced her down on to the hard stool he had placed in front of it, ignoring her pained cries as her beaten backside sank on to the nobbled hard wooden surface.
“My name is Bucky, but you will call me Alpha from now on, Stevie.”
Decision made he stood throwing Tony over his shoulder as he went.
Steve took hold of his omega’s hands looking into his eyes he said.
Steve thought about it for a few minutes as he watched his poor omega tremble and stare with horror filled eyes at the doctor who was now measuring Tony’s limp cock.
Steve opened the box and looked at the two brands lying against the blue velvet he had a decision to make about which brand to use and where he would place it.  He had been going to let Tony choose but with his bad behaviour that could not happen.
“Wow this is great news doctor, our bitch so ripe and fertile and full of both our pups. Tony see what a good omega you have become now that you have stopped all your stupid independence nonsense.  Now can you tell us if there is anything of Howard’s work left that Bruce could study, just think of all the Alphas that will benefit from their omegas becoming more fertile and the increase in omegas will stop the rise of feral Alphas.”
Months before Steve and Natasha with Ms Potts approval had hatched a plan for Steve to form a relationship with the billionaire after Widow had hacked Stark’s Will, and found that in the event of his death and provided that there was a blood heir, all of SI would go his child, Colonel Rhodes would become his Guardian and have control of Stark Industries and his personal fortune until the child became an adult. Any partner that Stark had would be provided with a substantial settlement but would have no authority over the Company or the child’s inheritance.
Clint withered under Cap’s patented ‘disappointed frown’.   “Come on Cap, you should have seen his bubble butt in those spray on jeans and that mesh top when he tried to sneak out to go clubbing.”
You need to be one hundred percent committed to the new Omega and Pack Laws if you decide to accept our offer, we understand that you had some reservations to begin with, can you inform us whether they still stand or if you have adjusted your stance.”
JARVIS has already sent details of your new feeding requirements so I expect he will have adjusted your feeds and shakes to accommodate this already so that we can start straight away.
Tony tried to kick out with his legs, but the bastard just gripped his ankles and pushed his legs up until his knees were bent either side of his grossly swollen stomach, the super strength pinning him against the hard, tiled wall.
Taking a long wooden box from the top of the dresser he made his way down to the workshop.
“He is a stubborn bitch, but not as clever as he thinks, he will throw his all now into being what I want, thinking I will come to him sooner.
Early morning sees him binding BB’s hands, feet and knees with the straw stuffing and strips of mattress material. He fashions a sling out of his silk sheet and adapts her harness to make reins and stirrups.  He climbs on her back and uses the crop on her tits to get her moving, she cries out in pain as she steps onto the broken bones and glass, he doesn’t care he has to get away. He continues to crop her tits and ass as she stumbles along, he is desperate to put distance between himself and the smashed mirror, he knows that final act of defiance before running will cost him.
Thor joined his father, each holding a goblet of wine, they watched Sira continue to prepare Loki for his presentation at the Gala.
Bruised and in pain, covered in cum he crawled beside Alpha and Prof. Hulk as they headed towards the kennels.
The agents watched as he drove off in to the night, proud that one of their own was undertaking such an important assignment, his undercover skill, were unparalleled, and they had no apprehension of him being discovered.
“Dirty whore, Steve was right you are wasted as a paper pusher, submissive bitches are bottom of the pack, now eat my dick and don’t spill a drop.”
Don’t it make you feel all warm and fuzzy to know you are almost single-handedly responsible for placing all Omegas firmly back under the control and ownership of Alphas.
“ Well don’t you look a sight, this harness really shows of your melons and huge belly, now Sir left orders for your holes to be left empty as you are going to be the Avengers cum dump in exchange for him getting his hands on Stark or Loki.”
Tony broke down sobbing and clinging on to his daddy.
Natasha had backed away from seeking out Potts when she had discovered the video of her initiation as Beta Alpha at Stark Industries and that Widow was now her assistant. The shift in power was obvious to her as a Black Widow herself, and any news footage she had seen always showed Potts a step behind Widow and her makeover was a give away to who held the reins.  She could help feel a little bit jealous of her counterpart, this Natasha held a lot more power as Steve’s second in the Avengers Pack, and it would seem that she was heading to replace Potts as Beta Alpha of Stark Industries.
“Wrong answer Betty, oh by the way that is your name now.  Now l am going to fuck you and bond with you, l don’t care either way, but it will go easier for you if you agree and maybe your virgin cunt will survive being ripped apart.”
Taking his straight razor Steve ran it up and down Tony’s arms oil and hair being removed with each pass of the sharp edge; he then removed the coarse hair from his legs and the smattering of chest hair being careful of the arc reactor.  All that was left was the dark curly hair surrounding his cock and balls.
Natasha laid her hand on Steve’s arm.
Money transfer confirmed, and NDA papers signed Dr Gottlieb settled himself behind his desk took a deep breath and began to explain the non-traditional medical abilities of his two top physicians.
The law also states that an omega can only work a maximum of twenty hours per week and that is at the discretion of their Alpha and once they have children they cannot work at all for the first two years after the birth.
“201 is one of our premium pregnant milkers, you can see how rich her milk is.  This cow has been with us for two years, picked her up at a farm auction, her sale saved her family farm.  It took some persuasion as the parents were against it, but the son found my buyer and made the deal, to this day here parents think she ran away and that the son managed to get a last minute bank loan.
Peter hung in the frame, cum pouring out of his gapping hole as Bruce stroked his face and kissed away his tears.
So help me you fucking Alpha bastard you better do some thing or else I am never letting you stick your cock in me again!”
“Wow Cap! Fury looked like he was going to blow a gasket, not like you to blow off a mission debrief and hand in late paperwork.  Why the sudden urgency to get back to the tower, miss your bitch that much huh!  Though judging by the boner your sporting I guess that answers my question.”
Chapter 17
Steve stroked his cock putting on a show for his panting omega, working his length until it slapped against his stomach dripping pre cum. Tony’s pupil were blown, needy little mewls escaping his parted lips as he avidly watched his Alpha work his cock whilst teasing his pert nipples to hardness.
Even with Dummie and the other bots trying to manually push the huge round disc there was very little movement, Tony glanced over at the glass wall panels, flinching at each heavy thud against the reinforced glass.  Whoever was out there was either very strong or had some kind of explosive battering ram that was causing the glass to start cracking with each hit.
Rubbing the sensitive bud of nerves forming on Tony’s neck he waited until his omega calmed completely before buzzing for Stella.  As he waited, he coaxed Tony in to eating a bag of Avengers shaped jelly candies and sugar coated, Captain America foam shields, laughing at Tony’s offended face when he stole and Iron Man jelly and bit of his head.
Tony silently wept as Steve continued to whisper his plans for his omega, there would be little time for anything other than training and correction over the coming days.  Iron Man would only be called for any major incident that occurred, his Alpha did not want him hurt and to take any risks that could affect his chances of becoming pregnant.  He could continue his work for Stark Industries R&D department but would be restricted to how many hours he could work and that if his Alpha ordered his presence he was to stop whatever he was doing immediately and go straight to wherever his Alpha was and in the time limit he was given.
Steve lay on the bed curled round Tony, one hand rubbing his swollen stomach, he could feel his cock through the soft mound, each small thrust distending his boy’s stomach.
You do not have a valid driving license due being under my conservatorship and being declared incompetent.  But I know how much you love cars so when you have earned enough ‘good behaviour’ reward points we can go out to the Compound and you will be allowed to drive on the private roads.
Glancing at Steve he felt a twinge of guilt at his continued obnoxious behaviour, how he had had refused his help to get dressed, struggling to remember how to tie his trainer laces, wanting to wear jeans and a band T-shirt.
Steve twisted his fingers hard up into Winter’s tight hole as he pressed his weight against his back forcing Winter to keep Tony impaled on the full length of his cock.  Winter shouted out as a bolt of pleasure shot up his spine tipping him over the edge, his orgasm rushed through him his member pulsing as the omega’s cunt massaged every last drop out of him.
It was rinse and repeat until she was completely empty and only clean water came out of her.  By which time her hole was loose and her pussy lips red and swollen from being caned.
Look at the mess you have made of the clothes I gave you all the more reason to keep you naked, it’s a shame total nudity is not acceptable for omegas in public these days. “
Do you have any questions for us before we depart?”
There we go, just ride it out baby, I am going to fill you with my cum and them we can wait out my knot.”
“Right, I will start with the pups, the identical twins are the larger of the three but are a little underweight for their physical measurements and as expected the third pups is struggling to gain nutrients and will be considerably smaller and weigh less at birth.  To mitigate this your omega needs start on a high intensity feeding plan so that the pups can get the full nutrients they need and your omega can put some flesh on his bones.  You have tried your best with the feeding plan already in place but I suspect that these pups have a higher amount of the serum in them than we originally thought.
“Hello May Cow, your belly is going to get even larger now you are pregnant, still if Thor is allowed to take you to Asgard after Loki gives birth you won’t be huge for too long.  Petey might not be allowed to have his pregnancy quickened, Pepper says it is his punishment for being such a naughty omega.  I think you will be seeing a lot more of Petey as Bruce and Hulk have taken a shine to him. Happy will take care of the pups and Peter will still work as Pepper’s assistant and be on loan to Bruce at the weekends.”
Tony floated, lost in the exquisite glow of pain and pleasure, heat filled his being, scorching and burning his body from the inside out, cleansing his physical form.  His mind hummed with satisfaction that his womb was once again cradling tiny life forms, his Alphas would be pleased.  He could feel the heavy press of both knots, he clenched and was rewarded with another pulse of cum flooding his cunt, fingers found his nipples, pinching and twisting as others scraped across his exposed clit repeatedly, making him climax multiple times. When a finger massaged his sheathed cock, releasing it he howled as his body shook apart and his mind whited.  Distantly he could hear the sound of feral Alphas roaring, howling in pain, as two black threads snapped and withered away before his eyes, tears streamed down his cheeks for their loss, but his whole being was suddenly surrounded in golden warmth, then two golden threads wound there way over his body, binding him tightly until he couldn’t move.
“Lay still my Omega, you will take my cock and my seed, the quickening with happen, the tiny lives that I placed in you all those months ago, that have lay hidden in your womb will now grow.
Steve wanted to shake the doctor, the blobs on the screen were grainy and he was having difficulty making out what was causing the doctor to panic, he could see Tony staring intently at the screen and looking at the figures on the monitor.
Steve and Tony, another day at the cabin.
Only one more chapter to go after this.
“Good afternoon my Betty Blue, I had an hour to spare and since Darcy is a bit tied up at the moment, I thought I would come have to collect you.
Daddy’s baby boy’s sole purpose from now on is to please daddy, and do whatever daddy wants.  You belong to me and I am never going to let you go.  Your appearance is just how I intended it to be and if in future I want to alter you again I will, and you do not get a say in it at all!
The Avengers still worked as a team, Bucky included.  Iron man if needed was piloted by Jarvis in the one remaining suit kept at the tower.  More often than not Iron Patriot was called in.  Rhodey did it out of duty to keep his country safe but did not have anything personally to do with the other members of the team.
Tony get's ready for Presidential Gala.
Steve watched the omega squirm as his stomach was pumped full of nutrient gel, the view of the round distended belly had him itching to pinch and squeeze the soft flesh, to hear the omega whimper and whine in pain.  They had kept the omega isolated and had been force feeding and control training him for the past five days, tomorrow the Inspector for Omega Control would deliver his verdict on Stark’s punishment and formally register the omega, he’d had the previous five days to go through all the files and reports Dr Banner and the Avengers had provided.
You all are a pathetic Alpha, if not for the serum you would never have been allowed joined a pack let alone become leader of one.  You are a gullible fool; no true Prime Alpha would allow himself to be submissive sexually and emotionally to another Alpha.  You were so easy to manipulate into becoming my bitch, needy little alpha Steve Rogers, taking it up the arse and loving it, sucking cock like a slut. Did you ever wonder at any time why you were so susceptible to my Alpha voice, why you, Captain America the pinnacle of Alphas could come untouched, drop to his knees and present just by me using my voice.”
In return I demand you respect, obedience and submission in all things.  You will find your inner centre and happiness if you fully release and embrace your true omega nature.”
After the procedure he busied himself picking out an outfit for his baby boy to wear, he had decided that a bit of fresh air would do Tony the world of good, there was a special secluded play area where Daddies could have all kinds fun with their Littles.  Nurse Mayer had already left the specially adapted buggy for his baby, Tony would not be allowed to walk until his bones had hardened and even then, Steve was going to insist that he crawl or be carried most of the time.  Walking would be a treat for good behaviour and when he was in his semi-adult headspace.
“Don’t you look pretty as a picture, now there is just one more thing to add before we get started, be an obedient little bitch and open your mouth wide don’t want to wake the pups up with your screaming.”
Tony lay on the floor chest heaving trying to suck air into his lungs black spots swimming before his eyes. Pain filled every corner of his being there was no escaping it, the slightest movement bought another wave of agony his body shuddering and shaking due to the stress it had been put under.
Chapter 7
“A slut for pain Loki, not surprising, let’s see how much pain it takes to make you cum on my cock.”
Thor bit down on Tony’s neck, ripping away the skin and flesh over his bonding gland. His fangs dripped Asgardian bonding serum on to the exposed gland, he watched with satisfaction as the gland pulsed pink then red with gold streaks, new tissue and skin covering the gland within minutes. Thor placed his lips over the new skin and blew gently, leaving behind a detailed rendering of Mjolnir over Tony’s gland.
“Fuck, you are a dirty whore Pepper.  Look at the cum pouring out of your slut holes, best give you an enema, but first open your mouth, you are looking a bit dehydrated.”
He chuckled at Steve’s sharp intake of breath and the rapid increase of his heartbeat.
Thor pushed Tony’s legs underneath his stomach, spreading his cheeks wide so Odin could step to his side and force his cock in beside his own, the little omega whining and mewling as her cunt was stretched impossibly wide, as soon as Odin was fully seated, they began to move in tandem, slowly, then as their bitch began to grind back onto them, the sped up and were soon pounding her stuffed pussy.
Now in full alpha mode and wanting the board meeting over and done with as he had an unruly omega to fuck and discipline, it seemed yet again his omega had forgotten the mental link that allowed him an incite into his thoughts and feelings. he clipped the leash on to Tony’s collar bought him to heel and swiftly led him from the room.
Each word was punctuated with a thump of his bound hands on the rails of his bed.
Steve watched on the security monitor as the first alpha fucked his bitch and declared his intentions to flush out any hidden omegas.  It was less than ten seconds before the next employee sheathed his cock in Tony’s cunt and not to be out done another grabbed hold of Tony’s head and thrust past the o ring gag to make use of his mouth.  Satisfied that Tony would now be occupied and well used for the next few hours he prepared himself for his first meeting of the day.
The Pack settled down to watch over their new pack mate, from tonight they would take shifts in staying with Tony, ensuring that he would not wake up and find himself alone.  The urge to protect their vulnerable Omega from all threats ran high, Steve had insisted that he take first watch, unable to bear the thought of leaving Tony.  The Alpha in him just wanted to gather up the omega and take him back to the safety and security of the Tower, to surround him with the strength of the pack bond which would aid him in his healing.  Tony had suffered so much damage from Howard’s horrific actions, but he knew in his heart that Tony had the inner strength within him to rise above what had been done to him, Steve would be with him every step of the way, to love and support him, to help him become the wonderful, happy and contented Omega he always should have been.
Natasha soon had him bundled up in the pale blue padded jacket, with a fleece blanket over his legs as she whisked him down to the under-ground garage where Happy was waiting with a black SUV to take them to the hospital.
“That’s it Tony, you are making such pretty sounds for me, can you just bend your leg for me so that I can make you feel even better, want to finger your pussy, get you so wet and dirty.   M.mmmmmmmm, such a good omega, oh you like that don’t you? My fingers fucking your pussy whilst I fill your other hole with my cock.
There was much discussion but, in the end, it was decided that Tony, Peter and Jella would go to Asgard with the pups to join Loki.  Bruce would accompany them as their Caretaker Alpha.
Odin kissed the freshly healed skin, leaving behind an intricate rendition of Gungnir.
He didn’t bother with all the cuffs, he wouldn’t be gone that long, and there was no where for Stark to go even if he did get out of the one wrist cuff.  He decided to wash up and get into his uniform, he missed the familiarity of it and the shield on his back.  Checking himself in the mirror he realized that he still had the distortion veil on and the charm.
It will be extremely difficult for him to argue against any of his treatment if we can show him that he has given his full consent.  I would suggest not pushing the issue of Conservatorship, use it only as a last resort, lets see how far we can proceed with his conditioning therapy without bringing it into play.”
“Come here Pepper and apologize, do l need to contact Alpha Rogers and make him aware of your behaviour.”
Chapter 8
Once he had situated Tony in his crate, he left Jarvis to it.  He would meet with Bruce in his lab to go over Tony’s findings an see how viable the serum was for use on Pepper.  He would deal with his omega’s punishment tonight, once they were back at the Avengers Compound.
Tony was watching congealing cum slowly drip of the desk onto the floor in front of him all the time muttering under his breath.  A normal human would not have been able to hear what he was saying but with Steve’s enhanced Super Soldier hearing he could here every word and he was not happy.
“Andre, This Pepper Potts, newly made Beta Alpha and CEO of Stark Industries.  She has also just been initiated into The Avengers Pack.
Happy Holidays to everyone.
Bruce watched Pepper’s face whiten at Steve’s words.  It was a good sign that Steve was prepared to deal out some harsh truths to her, it boded well for their discussion.
“Yes, Mr President I would be honoured to be your Bonded Omega.”
Tony suffered through being poked and prodded by the vet, blood, slick and pee taken to be anilyised .  He closed his eyes when he was weighed, hating the soft roundness of his body, his fleshy pecs with their thick nipples.
“Time for this omega to bond with his new Alpha and to reconnect with his first Alpha don’t you think Steve?  What better way to show him he is owned totally by us than a double knotting of his ass cunt.”
Tony wriggled of Steve’s lap, staggering slightly on his weakened legs, leaning away from Steve he tried to push the diaper off but without the use of fingers he could not get a good enough grip, growling in frustration he tried to bite at the straps securing the padded hand restraints.
“Come on Tony, if we don’t leave now the traffic is going to be horrendous. I thought you would have been excited at finally getting rid of the walking boot. Cap’s going to meet us at the entrance, and you know how much he hate’s tardiness.”
Tony couldn’t help blushing and squirming as the older man’s hands ran over his arms and chest, fingers pinching his nipples through the sheer fabric. When the man’s other hand slipped under the dress and rubbed against his cock he outright moaned and felt his cum soak his panties.
Will Tony and Steve escape, and what is going to happen when the baby decides to make an early appearance.
"That's it cunt, now you are back with me lets continue with your lesson.  See this is how it is going to be from now on, you are going to become the most submissive well behaved omega that ever had the privilege of being bonded to such prime Alphas.  You are going to do nothing other that serve your Alphas, you will look after your pups and present yourself to be bred each heat, you will pleasure your Alphas whenever they want and your fuck holes will be open and ready for our use at all times and anywhere.”
The ultrasound showed clearly the four hybrid pups growing in Natty’s womb, confirming that her rounded stomach was not just because of the loads of cum that the hounds pumped into her every day.
I suggest that you discipline Tony now, and then we can discuss with him what you expect of him in the future and if he can behave himself, we will allow him to speak.”
There is an inkling also of what an omega can expect from belonging to a War Pack.
Agent Jameson removed Sam’s cuffs, allowing him to straighten out his clothing.  Once he was sure the stupid omega bitch has gone, he grabbed Sam in a tight hug before quickly releasing him.
Suddenly she felt the suit contracted around her waist and chest, only able to take short, shallow breaths once the pressure ceased. Thick bands snaked out to bind her arms to her sides, as the nano bots crept over her face until only her eyes were untouched and she stood balanced on high platformed booted feet.
Thor watched as Frigga pulled on the clean dress that Colborn threw at her, then hobbled out across the yard towards the Milking Barn.
He is the love of my life and I would be devastated if anything happened to him because I had not done my utmost to get him the medical help he requires to face and deal with his physical and mental health problems but is to scared to do so on his own.
Steve was in full Gladiator attire, Tony was dressed as a roman slave boy, hair a riot of curls, a sheer white toga that skimmed his thighs, showing through the fabric was his lace thong, which in turn meant his tiny package was revealed. Gold wrist cuffs and with a matching gold and diamond slave collar.
Come on bitch, let’s be having you in my chair, Odin wants your clit ring enlarged and your perineum triple pierced.”
Meetings were held in private with all the Alphas of wealthy and influential families, accords were proposed to curtail the rights and power that omegas held, to place them back under the supervision of Alphas.  Congress was approached and the President not wanting England to declare war quickly passed the accords.  Omegas found that their independence was reduced and that Alpha family members took back the reins of running the family and any businesses.
“Shut up Clint!”
“Good afternoon Captain Rogers, I apologise for not being here to greet you but there was a small incident with your husband that needed my attention.  I would like to introduce to you Senior Nurse Anna Meyer who will be Tony’s main conditioning carer during his stay at our facility, Matron is highly qualified, has worked with me since the inception of my Conditioning Treatment Regime and the opening of Mountain Rise.”
Tony whimpered as the pressure on his stomach intensified, he was exhausted, Daddy then Sir had fucked him all afternoon and into the evening, only stopping to feed him and give him his bottle of milk.  Sometime late in the afternoon he had aged up and Sir had made him put on silk crotchless panties and a matching bra with small slits that showed off his nipples.
After a few moments of eye contact, she closed her eyes and tried to find the rhythm of the machines, but it didn’t happen, the dildo in her pussy was repeatedly thumping against her cervix, sharp bolts of pain shooting up to join the burning sensation along her spine.  Her stomach spasmed, fluid gushing out of her pussy coating her thighs and the floor.
It had been a terrifying night as he felt the strength leaving his body and his omega hormones surfacing once again now the spider serum was not supressing them. He had tried to produce his natural webbing but only a few fragile strands shot out and after a few hours nothing.  He had cried bitter tears as the chill of the lab seeped into his naked body, the chastity device enclosing his cock, running along his perineum and fitting deep in to his behind had tightened and expanded throughout the night until his cock and balls were held in a vice and his anal passage stuffed full with the expanded plug.
Developing pups take up a lot of their breeder’s calorie intake so it would be better to get some more fat on his body now.  I can work out a feeding plan for you if you would like? It will be interesting to study the changes to his body now that he is mated.  Also I would limit any kind of other food to just treats for rare occasions.
His fingers trace the bulge of his cock stretching the delicate skin of his omega’s throat, pulling back to allow his omega to take in a breath before he slides back down increasing the time he rests his cock within his omega’s throat.  Sitting up he slides his legs and Tony of the bed so Tony is kneeling on the floor his mouth still full of his Alpha’s cock. Grabbing a handful of hair he pulled his omega’s head up so he could look into his eyes.
Steve was jolted out of his musings by Clint’s loud shriek, and then the words sank in, Tony Stark was an Omega, not a base-line human.  He couldn’t help the small smile that crept across his lips, or the flutter of excitement in his stomach, Tony was an Omega!
“Come on Armless, exercise time now, one hour on the running wheel and thirty minutes of squats and crunches, no need for any upper body exercise now.”
Tony recognised that older woman being interviewed as the last nannie he had had before he was sent away to boarding school when he was eight years old.  Mary had adored him and along with the rest of the staff doted on him showering him with all the love and attention that he did not receive from his parents.
“Hurry up sweetheart, place your thumb print, then Daddy will allow you to climax before he fucks your special boy pussy.”
Releasing one of the clamps he rubbed his face over the abused flesh before biting down hard on swollen nipple worrying the tip between his teeth punishing his omega for his disobedience, only when his omega’s milk started to flow into his mouth did he stop biting and latch on with his lips sucking hard swallowing mouthful after mouthful of the sweet honey tasting milk.
Steve watched along with everyone else as Winter and the Wolf fucked, knotted and switched Tony Pup five times over, until finally his whole body shuddered as his swollen and bruised cocklet pulsed in time with his cunt as he finally orgasmed from the Winter Wolf’s not alone.
“ Natty has proved to be an excellent breeder and milk mother, we are going to increase the size of all her nipples and enhance her milk production.  Pepper has rejected her pups, but shows a marked interest in being fucked by the hounds and willingly presents.  It’s best to keep her in full bondage so that she can’t harm Natty or the pups when they are being fed.  She is pregnant with a second litter and Natty is due to whelp,  two weeks after Pepper.
Dum-E scooted away delightedly beeping at being allowed into the kitchenette after his previous disastrous attempts at getting food for his creator.  Butterfingers and U made quick work of taking over rocking the sleeping pups.
Under the watchful gaze of Winter, Tony lay back raising his legs to his chest, hooking his arms behind his knees pulling them wide apart.  The Alpha’s face held no emotion, his eyes hard as they stared at his exposed pussy, Tony shivered, fighting the urge to close his thighs and run back to the comfort of the nursery.
I am going to hell with this chapter so I apologise in advance.
“I agree with you, l don’t see why Pepper can’t prove herself of use, after all she is just a place warmer until l find my own omega.  There is certainly no chance that l want her carrying my babies.”
Tony didn’t bother responding he was too busy eating the last of the chocolate chip pancakes Bruce had made him for his breakfast, reaching for the sauce he poured the last of it on his pancake,  looking, up at Clint he gave him a sad smile.
“S..Steve it’s me, l am not the other Stark, please Steve untie me, standing like this is really hurting me.
chapter 83
Tony giggled as he sat on the floor singing softly, he was vaguely aware that there was something else he should be doing but he was tired and hungry, and it was such a funny song, he wondered if his daddy would read the book to him at bed-time. But he guessed that as he had been a naughty boy it wouldn’t happen, still if he said sorry and promised to be a good baby boy daddy would make everything better.
Steve moved over to a large cabinet set against the opposite wall, sorting through the array of whips paddles and floggers lying displayed on a bed of soft red velvet his hand finally came to rest on a leather flogger, strong and heavy it would make a satisfyingly load thud upon his Omega’s skin.
Steve starts to get Tony used to being unclothed and in sexual situations in front of the Pack.
Lost in his thoughts he missed the two naked Alphas prowling towards him, eyes roving over every inch of his naked body.  The dip of the mattress to his side alerted him to Bucky sitting down, a thin plastic case in his hand, he could just see the outline of two syringes through the white plastic.
Confused Steve looked up at Winter.
“Tony stay close to me and do not move, I have a wonderful surprise for you and the pups.
"Tony I need you to stop pushing I can see your baby’s head, I want you to just breathe or pant let’s deliver this baby nice and slow so you don’t tear.  You are going to feel a burning sensation as your vaginal opening stretches do not give in to the urge to push please.”
Now I am going to fit this body harness over the bottom of your breeding pouch, it will support the weight of the pups and help reduce the strain on your back as you will be spending the majority of time on your hands and knees as part of your punishment.
Steve nodded to each Alpha in turn, ignoring their kneeling omegas.  Sitting down he directed Tony to kneel between his legs facing outward so his naked body was on display for all the other Alphas to view.
“Daddy hurts, no want to swing now, tummy sore, daddy out now, make it go away.”
He smirked as the Prime Minister’s eyes went straight to Darcy’s ample breasts, then down to her naked mound. His wife’s offended huff and softly muttered ‘disgusting and barbaric’ had him pushing his omega to sit between his spread knees, once he sat down on the sofa opposite his guests.
“Thanks Doc, do you think he will catch first breeding, how many pups do you think he is capable of carrying?”
“Oh, l always wondered but l didn’t want to ask, it was such a typical omega thing to do and l was embarrassed that l was acting so needy and clingy.
Boarding School had been a harsh reality check, nobody cared or liked him enough to get to know him, he had skipped grades so was in classes and dorms with older boys who just bullied and made fun of him for his small size and his intelligence which they hated as he constantly showed them up in lessons even though he did not mean to.
Picking up his pen he scanned the documents in front of him signing his name then after closing the folder flipping it into his out tray.  Coffee that’s what I need he decided if I am going to stand any chance of finishing today. Pushing back his chair the squeak of the wheels covered the slight grating sound of the ceiling panel above his desk being lifted.
“Bad boy, yet another punishment earned.”
“Ms Natasha, this style is versatile, it can be slicked back, spiked, left to dry naturally or brush dried straight. I have left a bit more length on the sides than l normally would, but to go shorter l would need to use my clippers and then the balance of the length on top would be out.”
“Omega, that’s enough, back to your crate.  Jarvis lock him down, full blackout and ensure he has at least two full meals pumped into him before I finish teaching this cow a lesson.  Do not let him come at all, I want him desperate and wanting when I fuck him later.”
His whole body burned his limbs shook as he was consumed with the fire of one orgasm after another. He welcomed the spikes of pain, they kept him from flying apart, grounding him against the constant swell of his orgasms.
Ty’s words were cruel and especially harsh, since he didn’t really understand the dynamics of yours and Tony’s relationship and all the conditioning treatments he has gone through.  He probably just thought it was a little kinky play between the two of you and wanted to denigrate Tony for it.”
The President rubbed his erection through his trousers, watching Darcy’s eyes as she silently begged for him to not alter her body again.  The stupid bitch still hadn’t learned her place as his omega.
Tony felt warm and snug curled up under his favourite blanket, the straps of the pacifier were irritating his cheeks but not enough for him to do more that mumble quietly, he would have to show daddy that he could be a good boy and not spit it out, perhaps then he could have one of the colourful pacifiers in the basket beside his bed, he really wanted the  green Hulk one.  The grumbling in his stomach became louder, making it impossible for him to go back to sleep, rolling on to his side he peered out of the bars of his cot, not to happy that daddy seemed to be ignoring him. Surely, he had heard the loud rumblings of his stomach and would get him some breakfast, sitting up his grasped the bars in his mittened hands, rattling them whilst trying to shout for his daddy around the rubber teat of the pacifier.
Thor looked to the sky and called Heimdall to bring them home to Asgard.
The Farm was beautiful, the pastures green and the fields golden with wheat.  The old-style colonial mansion was shimmering white in the heat.  Tony walked behind his Alphas naked and collared, the leash from his nose ring held firmly in Winter’s metal hand.  The President did not allow any of the
Look at your pretty hole, still loose and dripping, ready for your Alpha to fill.  Your hole was made to be fucked by your Alpha, you can see that now can’t you Peter, how wrong you were to hide your orientation, look at all the trouble you caused for your aunt, your actions denied her from being a contributing member of the Omega Registry and caused her mental and physical anguish.  Now she has a purpose again, is useful and providing a valued service.  She will serve as a milk cow and surrogate breeder.  Better than being trapped in your tiny house whilst you had the freedom to swan around pretending to be and Alpha and a Super-Hero.”
Stark Industries will be fined $1,000,000,000 for illegal work practices and Omega Stark who would normally have been imprisoned for misrepresentation of his true orientation will bear the Avengers omega bonding brands on both hands to ensure that he will never forget his orientation and allow all that see him to recognise him as an omega.”
Steve’s hand appears in front of his face.
Chapter 14
My Captain!’
Tony blushed a furious shade of red as Stella, as she had told him to call her, proceeded to strip back the covers, exposing his naked body for anyone to see if they walked in and proceeded to run a warm cloth over his body.
They have lunch with Pepper and Colonel Rhodes, both amused by how well Steve manages Tony and how well the little alpha looks.  Pepper sees the adoring looks that Steve throws Tony and the pink flush that stains Tony’s cheeks in return.  Rhodey has not seen his friend genuinely look so happy and healthy since MIT.
Shifting forward between the omega's spread thighs, he ground his covered cock against Tony’s swollen mound. Holding the omega’s hands above his head he pressed his body down along the length of the smaller man, watching the omega shift uncomfortably as his breasts were squashed under his greater weight.
“Welcome Prince Thor, come sit with us at the top table, the first omega will serve as your cock warmer during dinner, she is yours to do as you please with for the evening.”
Steve reached down and took hold of Tony’s cock and balls, rolling the soft appendage between his large fingers, it didn’t take long for it to plump up and start leaking a few drops of clear precum. His own cock hardened as he took in the shocked face of his baby boy when he finally realised how much his cock had shrunk.
The question is, will Steve accept Bucky/Winter Soldier in to the bond and will he share Tony?
"Now dear shall we get you more comfortable then I can take a little look and see how far along you are.”
The screams, from the other chamber fed the intense heat of his need to claim and own the small omega, he would not let death claim his chosen consort.
Jarvis in his desire to protect and to nurture Tony’s omega instincts had handed him on a platter to the two most dominant Alphas in existence. Alphas who had come from a time when omegas had virtually no rights at all and were seen as little more that breeders and slaves for Alphas to use as they saw fit. One of those Alpha’s was also only now awakening to his needs and desires for having an omega. The AI would only ever be able to override any of the protocols installed by the omega on his Alpha’s instructions after their bonding if his creator’s life was in imminent danger.
Once she was bedecked in the jewels he had chosen, he clipped a leash to her collar and walked her down to the Oval Office where his guests were waiting.  He had decided it create more of an impact for the British omega bitch, for them to enter the office once the guests had arrived, as it would show that Darcy had been led from the Residence through the halls in plain view of everyone, dressed in traditional omega jewellery and very little else.
Ms Romanov, Alpha Rogers is waiting for the both of you on his office.  Please can you let him know that his omega has behaved adequately, and l will bring him up once he has been hosed down, plugged and gaged.”
Loki rolled his eyes, smirking as he milked Thor’s cock, the stupid oaf had no way of undoing the spell without Frigga’s agreement and that she would never give, even Odin had never managed to make her change her mind once she had set on a course of action. Omega he might be but there was no way he would end up like the pathetic mortal omega, nothing more than a brood mare, he may enjoy looking after the pups, but Hel would freeze over before he allowed Thor to impregnate him.
Steve worried for his Bucky, his dark urges had always been a part of him but more so after his capture by Hydra the first time, rough play has progressed to outright abuse and occasionally death during their time with the Howling Commandos. Steve had protected Bucky and cleaned up his messes always feeling that it was his fault.  If only he had saved Bucky before Hydra had started their torture and experiments and he totally blamed himself for Bucky’s time as the Winter Soldier and the horrors he had suffered at Hydra’s hands.  He would continue to protect his damaged mate and try to curb his more extreme urges but he knew Bucky was a ticking time bomb that was near to exploding.  He had hoped that being mated to Tony would centre him and keep him calm but it seemed to be having the opposite effect.
You can also see the faint scaring from where her bonding glands have been removed and a full body scan shows that her womb was also removed at a young age, definitely a sign she was a graduate of the Red Room.
Betty switched on the clippers and forced Darcy’s head forward as she began to run them through the soft fuzz, she could feel her cunt getting wet at Darcy’s bald pate.  She loved that her cousin was under her control, the fat cow didn’t even protest as she waxed, off the new growth of her eyebrows and then plucked a couple of stray eyelashes, the President must have put her through some intense training to have her so subservient to a non-alpha.
The specialist website where he had purchased the cute pyjamas and some other items of clothing for Tony’s stay at the Mountain Rise had had a whole section devoted to disposable and cloth diapers.
It seemed that this world fully embraced the dynamics of orientation and was thriving, there had been no Ultron or Civil War, Thanos had been defeated easily, because they worked as a team, with no secrets or internal power struggles. It was ironic that his own world was just now realising the need to adapt and embrace a much more structured society in order to survive and rebuild after the devastation caused by Thanos.
Darcy recognised Winter straight away but couldn’t get his attention, he was to fixated on her cunt and with the ball gag in her mouth she couldn’t shout his name.  Once he started fucking her, she lost her grip on reality, his alpha scent sparking a false heat.  She screamed in frustration as his knot caught without him making her climax, her heat fizzled out as his cum found its target, leaving her sobbing.
“No baby boy you need to finish the whole of this bottle for daddy you are too thin, the dietician has given me a special diet that must be followed so that you can put on weight and become healthy.   This formula is packed full of all the nutrients you need, daddy even had them flavour it with vanilla which I know you love.”
Steve pumped Tony’s cock pushing back the foreskin, nail scrapping across his slit, Tony’s moans getting louder at each firm stroke.   Placing the collection cup over his little one’s cock he thrust his denim clad cock against Tony’s tight hole, the rough material grazing over the sensitive skin had Tony crying out as his cock pulsed streams of cum in to the waiting container.
“Oh Tony, that’s not going to happen you are going to have to wait for my cock.  Much as I want to fuck you right now we don’t have the time.”
Bottles, bedtime and more rules.
Steve cleaned up his once again sleeping omega before climbing into bed himself.  Settling Tony onto his side he slid his cock into Tony’s pussy hole and pulled him tightly against his chest so he could suck on his bonding mark.  One hand found it’s way to his omega’s still forming breasts, cupping the small swollen mound he imagined them full of milk come the morning and his omega on his knees begging him to milk his swollen udders.
Ms Potts during office hours you are for now CEO of Stark Industries and have the authority to run the Company on my behalf but you would do well to remember that my word is law and l expect all members of my Packs to obey and show me proper respect.”
Steve didn’t stop to think before he agreed, he was an alpha and had never in his life not been able to jerk off.  He was Captain America, he could do anything, and especially since he had the biggest case of blue balls, he wouldn’t be surprised if he came without touching himself once the cock ring was removed.
“See what a good omega mother he is to my pups, all the uppity bitch needed was to be bred and shown his place.  Now his true omega nature has come to the fore so there will be no more of his stupid nonsense trying to pretend he is an alpha.”
He cleaned himself in the trough, letting the sun dry his hair and body before he went into his shack, the black stockings felt so smooth as he slid them on, the garters silver and black, the stilettos matching black with silver heels.  He placed the oil under the chair, he would need to build himself up to using it.
Since l will be wanting to show you off at the celebratory gala next week, l think just high and tight for now.  It only took him a few minutes to clip and shapeTony’s remaining locks and finally he could see his omega.
“That’s it, little bitch, fuck yourself on my fingers, do all the work and maybe l will let you cum. I want to se your tits jiggling as you work my fingers, l, want to see your fat little nipples and clit turn purple as those clamps tighten.”
Odin watches as Loki writhes and begs to be to cum, body splayed beneath him as he forces his knot into his tight cunt.  He ignored the pleas; tonight, is about what he wants and has waited hundreds of years for.  He forces bruised thighs further apart so he can pinch and twist Loki’s long clit as he waits for his knot to go down. He grabs hold of Loki’s caged cock and gives it a firm tug, enjoying the hiss of pain and the involuntary clenching of Loki’s cunt around his cock.
“I don’t know Winter, l think baby girl has another orgasm or two on her, don’t you my little Shirley Temple?  You wouldn’t want to disappoint your daddies by being a whiny, ungrateful girl would you Tony?”
“Nnnoooo, nnnoooooo”
“Come Omega time to get you all clean and hair free, you have an appointment with my tattoo needles this evening.
“Oh no little one, you don’t get any satisfaction unless l decide to allow it.  Your holes are for my use and pleasure, you don’t get to come unless l allow it.
Tomorrow night, I am coming for you, you will be my bitch, you will never get to fuck another omega ever again, you will learn your place and be grateful that you have an Alpha that is willing to offer his protection to skinny, pathetic wannabe  omega.”
Releasing Tony from his bonds he pulled him over to the mirror he had ordered placed in the work shop.  Holding his omega tight against his chest so that his cock pressed up against his omega’s plugged hole, he bade Tony to look at his branded and cock caged body.
She amused herself by inserting the presidential butt plug in Darcy’s cunt and timing how long she could hold on to it before it dropped out, less than five minutes earn her a thwack of the paddle in her milk laden tits.
Steve finished feeding Stark, the omega’s heat seemed to have settled for the moment, so he decided that he should take the time to wash down the omega as he was covered in sweat and semen. Carrying him into the bathroom he dropped him in the tub of warm water not bothering to cuff the worn-out omega.
On the Monday evening of the fourth week things changed.
He decided it would be a good time to visit his guests down in the detention cells, he would need to prepare their crates for travel. He also wanted to see if the bitches had calmed down after their last medicals.
The feast went on for hours, Bruce joined Thor at the head table and watched as the Asgardian omegas provided the evening entertainment and they crawled under the tables to service all the guests.  He was delighted when a tall thin Jotun omega knelt before him and swallowed down his cock.  He allowed Hulk to emerge, the court cheering him on as he proceeded to fuck the omega’s throat, cunt and asshole repeatedly.  It was liberating for both the Hulk and Bruce to not have to hold back their strength and size, the Jotun proved to be sturdy and resilient.  When the night ended, he dragged the Jotun omega back to his chamber, Hulk rumbling happily that he now had his own breeding bitch.  Odin had generously gifted the omega to them for providing such a wonderful display.
“There we go baby, all finished.  Now let’s get you in to a clean dry diaper, and clothes ready for your trip to the playground.  After lunch and a nap daddy will give you a bath and Dr Gottlieb will examine you to check that your bones have all healed properly.”
Chapter 37
“What the f…fuck!”
Pepper's whole life changes.
He allowed Bruce to raise the bed and help him settle in a comfortable position, only then did he become aware that he was naked with only a thin sheet covering his legs, when he tried to cover himself, the sheet was pulled away.
“Him, as, been the Captain?”
“Thank you, Doctor, Tony deserves to be loved and treated as an omega should be, I am dedicated to showing him how beautiful and right it is for him to give in to his nature and embrace life as an omega.
Steve couldn’t believe how disrespectful this Stark was being, he would have to be punished for such mocking, disrespectful behaviour.  With on hard thrust he pierced the first layer of the omega’s hymen, hitting the small raised nub of flesh hidden behind it, before pulling the wand completely out, throwing it on to the floor.
“Mmmmmmmmm, s’nice, nearly there, just a bit more, you can fuck me if you want l’m not sore.
“Jotun omegas birth fast and hard, they need to in the harsh climate they live in, the pups need to latch on straightaway and feed non stop for the first two days so they put on weight quickly to keep them warm.
“Captain Rogers, I am of the firm opinion that Anthony Stark Rogers should be placed under your Conservatorship for life, he would be a danger to himself if left to his own devices and has shown by his answers that he has no clear understanding of how to live independently.
The gasps were audible as Tony’s cock, cunt and asshole all squirted at the same time, the omega’s high pitched whine sending shivers down all the other omega’s spines as their sexes all reacted to the flood of omega pheromones.
Steve laughed at that thought, Tony had always been boastful of the fact his cock was larger than average and he would rather be short with a big dick than be tall will a small dick, Oh how the mighty had fallen!  There would be tantrums and tears before bedtime tonight.
Steve knew that Tony had to be desperate, he had put the cage on him straight after his heat had finished and hadn’t even anally milked him, the sound was an added torment as he had too beg to be allowed to piss, if it was between his scheduled bathroom breaks.
Thunder rolled overhead, the cabin shook as rain lashed against the windows, the air in the cabin froze, Steve watched all the small comforts that had appeared in the cabin after he performed each day disappear.  He made a grab for one of the thick blankets, but it vanished from his hands, leaving him naked and shivering as the cabin grew colder, the windows now covered with ice.  Huddled on the now hard straw mattress he tried to outwait the furious god; he was certain Thor would not let him die. An hour later he staggered into the bathroom, his numb fingers slow and clumsy as he tried to fasten the hook and eyes on the teddy. He balked for a moment when he saw the stockings and heels, but the creeping ice covering the floor, flashed his mind back to the plane and the freezing water that had crept relentless up his body.
He placed one hand on Tony’s waist and the other on his hip and slowly pushed, his omega’s slick drenched pussy made it easy for Steve to slowly turn him on the huge metal phallus.  He took his time the wide eyes and breathy moans went straight to his cock as he looked down at his flushed and tear stained face.
“Fucking hell how can I have been so stupid!  You were meeting Captain Dickhead all those afternoons you disappeared, the pair off you have been planing this all along.  Why Pepper? What have I done that was so bad you had to conspire with him do you hate me that much that you would do anything to get rid of me!”
Suspend belief for all medical procedures, just making it up as I go along.
Omega Stark is dehydrated and has missed his last two feeds so l recommend that you crate him and l will initiate his feeding and rest cycle, he should be adequately healed and rested for your use his other orifices this evening.”
“What is your Social Security Number?”
“Yes Alpha.”
His own cock is hard and weeping but it he just stares at Tony’s flushed face, watches as his little alpha gathers himself back together, until he smiles up at him, his eyes bright and he asks what can he do for Steve as his hand closes round his thick heavy member.  He knows he might be pushing it but he wants to fuck those plump pink lips, but Tony is high on endorphins and will be more open to suggestion. This time he stares at his little alpha and puts more force behind his Alpha voice when he tells Tony that he wants him to suck his cock.  He watches as Tony fights his instincts, alphas don’t suck another alpha’s cocks, it just not done.
He was also fascinated by the thought of meeting his counterpart, he could only imagine the research and scientific advancements that they could make with their combined knowledge and with Professor Hulk as well.
You need to remember and follow each rule, in the future new ones may be added and the original ones amended, depending on your behaviour.
Pepper’s howls as the clamps were removed as she orgasmed for the third time, made him wish  he could knot her to see what noises he could pull from her.
Steve introduced Bucky to the other Avengers over breakfast. Needless to say, they were shocked but happy for Steve and curious to know if Bucky was going to bond with Tony.
Steve lay Tony on their bed, removing his cage and plug, he couldn’t help but lap at the stream of slick leaking from his omega’s hole,  pressing his tongue into the tight ring of muscles until surrendered and he could feel Tony shaking and mewling as he stabbed his tongue repeatedly into the tight heat, lips  sucking up each fresh gush of slick.
Steve was quiet as they made their way back to the pent house, Bucky holding Tony’s leash close so that he could fondle the omega’s tits and pinch the teats until they jutted straight out.  Every time the stupid bitch tried to jerk from his touch he slapped the end of the leash across each tit, by the time they entered the elevator each breast was criss- crossed with red stripes.
‘Omega Stark Winter Rogers is conclusive proof that bonding is the only way to ensure a happy and healthy Omega’
Now strip and present yourself, if you are not baring your sex within the next five minutes  then l will be forced to dismiss you from your position and you will have six months to prove your worth as a pack member or be thrown out of the Pack.”
Thor has seen the look of lust sweep over the President’s face at the sight of Loki, though diplomatic relations with Midgard were not important it would not hurt to have the President’s favour.
“NO! NO!  Bad Daisy, you not making the right noise for my milk cow, not going to tell you again, be good little cow or else Hulk give you a spanking!
Chapter 2
There we go just cradle her close, Steve just squeeze Tony’s nipple so Sarah can smell the milk.  There we go, give her five minutes and then swap her over to your left breast.
This will not become A/B/O, just making use of slick glands and may be Steve will get a knot so he can have some fun with his baby boy.
“You will never be allowed to divorce Happy and abandon your children.  You will work for Stark Industries in any position that l decide, until l say otherwise.  You will be the surrogate for all our children, as many as l deem necessary.
“Say it omega, l can hold you here all day.  You only have to ask, and you will receive.”
“Look at you pathetic little omega cock just about 4 inches fully erect and those tiny little balls not even worth having, perhaps I will get rid of them make you all nice smooth down there but then again I love seeing your useless little cock and balls caged up knowing how much it torments you not being able to come!”
Bruce crouched beside Steve, syringe in one hand and a set of vibranium cuffs in his other. He turned him onto his front, quickly fitted the wrist and ankle cuffs before injecting the stunned alpha.
Steve flipped his omega over on to his back, pushing his knees wide apart so he could see the glittering crystal chain. Running his fingers along the crystals he smiled as his omega moaned when he rolled the beads against the sensitive skin of his perineum.
What do you say to such kindness omega?”
Bucky lost himself in fucking Stevie’s tight hole, the smell of blood and Stevie’s hoarse screams driving him to thrust deeper and harder. He could see the shape of his cock through Stevie’s thin frame, touch his hard length through the soft skin.
Thirty minutes later Steve led a docile Tony to the bathroom to complete his morning cleansing, enjoying the sight of swollen red lips and the raspy breaths coming from his omega.
Bruce watches Pepper eye up the two crates that held his new omegas being unloaded from his car, he could see her sniffing the air, taking in the scent of virgin megs.
Pepper could feel the tears pouring from her eyes as Happy and Steve abused her battered and bruised nipples, uncaring that in between sucking their cocks she was begging them to end her agony.
Once the Cradle had been acquired and our final calculations checked numerous times we went ahead with the separation.  I have all Bruce’s intelligence and the strength of Hulk, this body is a perfect combination of both.  Bruce has heightened strength, can partially transform individual parts of his body at will.  He also has the ability to go into full Hulk transformation but now can keep his own mind and is in full control.”
“I am sorry my Alpha I will be good, please do not give up on me.  Thank you for my punishment for correcting my mistakes.  I submit to your rule as my Alpha.”
“Oh god, please Alpha, please let me have your knot!  I promise to do anything you want if you fill my pussy with your knot!  I am begging you please!”
Tears ran down his face as his body submitted fully to his Alpha, Steve brutal handling had him crying and begging, and finally when he felt the touch of his Alpha’s hand on his cock his humiliation was complete, his cock’s few drops of cum was followed by a stream of piss, soaking the mattress beneath him.
“That’s not how it works Tony, you will follow my orders or be punished.  You and the pups need to be fed constantly so that the pups can grow and you need the extra calories to have the energy to carry the pups to term and keep your body health.  You still have not put on enough weight for my liking, it’s a good thing we are seeing Bruce and your Doctor later.”
The slow incremental increases in the size of the wand would not be noticeable and although slightly uncomfortable would not restrict Tony in any way.  Nearer the end of the pregnancy the wand would be removed and Steve would fuck his Omega’s birthing canal fully open leaving his cock warming and stretching it each night.
Pepper and Steve have their meeting, needless to say Pepper is not happy.
“Yes Ma’am.”
Tony did as he was told wondering what was going to happen next, he did not have long to wait.  He felt cool air on his abused arse as his shirt tails were lifted and placed in his waiting hands, Steve closing his fingers around the fabric warning him that at no time was he to let it drop.
I am going to enjoy every minute of your pain today, watch as you birth a new breed, see them suckle on your fat teats, watch the Alpha hounds claim you again and breed you up.
Bruce gave a nod, he didn’t usually like other people in his lab whilst he was working but the two new omegas needed to be prepared and ready for introduction to the Pack Alphas in the morning.  Thankfully all the necessary paperwork had been filed with the Omega Registration Centre beforehand and an official had been on hand outside the apartment to inject them with the trackers required by the Centre whilst they had still been unconscious.  Both omegas having been stunned and sedated by Hawkeye and Natasha before being transported to the tower.
Tony’s plugged hole was pulsing and clenching another streak of his slick leaking around the base and sliding down his thighs at each word.  He could not form words to answer so just whined and rutted against his Alpha’s body trying to convey that he was understood and wanted to be that Omega.
Tony’s head felt fuzzy, he could feel his cock plumping as Steve stroked it and tingling sensation created by the stimulation made him feel warm and happy, his hole fluttering and something  was leaking from it that smelt sweet, but at the same time he wanted the security of his diaper so that he was all hidden away.  He didn’t want to disappoint his Daddy but at the same time he was frightened that Steve’s huge cock would split him in half.
Unfortunately, just as he reached the penthouse the Avengers Alarm blared through the speakers.
His third guest was on he had been greatly looking forward to meeting, Betty Ross was every bit as beautiful and intelligent as her Alpha counterpart on Bruce’s world. The omega had stupidly thought her father would help her even though they had fought and disagreed for most of her life. General Ross had dragged his daughter straight to the Tower and thrown her at Bruce.
Fucking deep into her throat he allowed his cock to expand, until her face turned purple and her eyes began to glaze over, releasing his cum he watched as the pain filled eyes registered the burning sensation in her throat.
Tony lazily laps and sucks on the slowly thrusting fingers, drifting blissfully on a cloud of Alpha pheromones. His cock is being squeezed tightly by it’s cage, the pain just riding the boarder line of pleasure, he can feel his Alphas cum being pumped in to his breeding hole which has snared both cockheads in its vice like grip.  Deep in the recesses of his mind he is aware his body should not be able to handle two knots at once and two cockheads engaged in his breeding hole.
“Alpha please milk me, my breasts are so full, please help me Alpha, they hurt so bad?”
His omega’s legs were shaking in their bonds, slick soaking his thighs and the bench seat as he continued to mindlessly fuck himself knowing that until his Alpha ordered him to stop there would be no respite.
Bruce and Steve were both waiting impatiently in medical when they arrived, Pepper already on her phone and in full work mode.  Immersed in her call she paid no attention to Bruce or Steve.  Bruce scanned her body checking for any tender areas, and to get a reading on the extent of her overnight healing.
Cold and wet, he dried himself off using one of the sheets, tired as he was made himself a bowl of oatmeal and greedily ate it. His skin was sore from using the cotton sheet to dry himself, so there was no way he would be able to sleep on it.  Picking up the silk bloomers he slipped them on, slightly disconcerted with the split crotch, tying the ribbon proved frustrating until he gave in and made a bow, every other knot had come undone.  The silk was cool against his skin, there was no irritation from the fabric, the camisoles top rubbed against his nipples, the feeling wasn’t unpleasant and didn’t irritate the rest of his skin, so he left it on. He placed the long silk housecoat over the sheet and curled up, maybe now he could get a proper night’s sleep, he glanced over at the mirror, feeling uneasy but decided he would deal with it in the morning.
The petite woman immediately assessed the situation in one glance, a typical out his depth uptight Alpha who had thought up until then he was in control and a semi feral pregnant omega that if there had been a weapon to hand would probably have killed his Alpha for being such an overbearing idiot.  Time to sooth some ruffled feathers.
If I don’t present then I want to stay here, until I do, and the same thing goes.  If I present as anything else then l can do what I want.”
“Bruce, I have some concerns about Dr Cho, and whether as a beta she can be trusted to keep confidential what has happened as she has no personal ties to us, do you believe that we can trust her?”
“Strike two baby, remember no sound.”
Anna and Sarah typically woke up at the same time but were content to lie and wait to be fed, it was if the sensed their little sister needed to feed first.  Both wanted to feed and the same time and cried until Tony had caught on to the fact and had to quickly master the art of holding and feeding two babies. When sleeping in the crib they settled best with little Maria in the middle as though protecting they smaller and younger sibling.
Miss Potts had been adamant that Steve do everything to subjugate Tony and that punishments would have to be swift and harsh to have any impacted, she had added that any form of embarrassment or humiliation was something that Tony hated especially in public.
Tony felt his face heat at his tormentor’s spiteful words, but they did not stop him from pushing his hips back to meet each thrust, his greedy hole wanting to be filled.
“ Well l think that Pepper is going to be spending an awful lot of time in the kennels, Raider is not going to want to share her until she has caught.  Might as well leave healing her holes until he has impregnated her, Jarvis have the nanotech realign her jaw and hold it in place with a muzzle.”
There are dinners in Steve’s apartment in the Tower, always home cooked meals, that he thinks taste even more special because Steve has made them, when he compliments him on the taste, he just gives him a small smile and a kiss, saying ‘Only for you’.  The kissing and handholding stay in the privacy of their apartments, they still sit together on movie nights though and Tony tries not to blush at Natasha’s knowing looks.
