“I am almost certain. What you call my best guess.”
"I was working on that before, but he..."
"I saved you from a fate worse than death and brought you to a paradise. People used to come and go here, but no longer. This is now considered one of the largest protected areas on the planet. I'll have you know that one needs special permission to visit here."
John continued to hold his hand under the cool for three minutes before taking it out and checking it again. “Doesn’t look like it’s going to blister,” John observed, returning his under the cool water. “A couple of more minutes. It will hurt like a bitch for a bit, and it might be a few days before you’ll be playing that violin again, but it’s only a first degree burn.”
Vivian was never the simple secretary that she pretended to be. She came up with this theory. It makes perfect sense especially since Vivian knew all about the elaborate lengths Mycroft went to cover up the truth: that I’d shot Magnussen in the head in full view of cameras and police. It had worked. Why not say Mycroft was covering for me once again? It’s not a stretch to believe a clandestine cover-up by British government and Secret Service, especially over a botched rescue of hostages from a terrorist cell. I hope John doesn’t think that there is any truth to what Carolyn Norbury told him … But no, he’s upset ... but not at me.
Sherlock claimed he smoked weed to help calm himself down. John didn’t doubt it, the way he hit on that joint like it was his last supper. Not that Sherlock really ate. At all. Other than "crisps."
“Fuck!” John swore as he banged his knee on desk sitting down.
“Mary, Mary quite contrary, how does your garden grow?” recited John, his voice slurring.
“Not particularly, but I will share this list with you that I promised,” Sherlock says, handing the folded paper to Lestrade, who carefully unfolds it and frowns as he reads it over.
“He is attracted to you.”
Sherlock and I have done some detective work over “brother dear.” Seems there’s all sorts of theories online about how he caused Pandora, from being behind secret medical testing and trying to thin the population. I hope this puts to rest Sherlock’s beliefs that he caused Pandora. At least Mycroft did that much for his brother— told Sherlock he wasn’t to blame.
“I had other things on my mind.” I take the seat across from her and brush the imaginary creases from my own trousers.
“I believe it will serve the purpose,” Sherlock says. “I know it will draw her in. After all, John’s writing is a bit romantic. It’s the same url the blog John used some years ago—  although he only wrote about mundane occurrences in his life, inconsequential, puny emotions about day-to-day drivel.”
...anything but
"Not to worry. I won't harm you unless you want," James crooned. "Not until you give me permission."
He lay sprawled out inside the boat, arms and legs hanging over the sides with John between them. The boat rocked and the waves splashed over the sides as John sucked his cock. He felt the weight of Sherlock's long legs as he lifted them over his shoulders. He pushed inside. John could still feel how warm it was inside Sherlock's ass and how the slats on the bottom of the boat pinched his knees.
Every student around him, including Molly, cringed for John.
He waited for Sherlock to argue with him, but he didn’t. It seemed he was fine with it. As predicted, no one jumped them the moment they opened the door. Instead there was a wall of snow as high as John’s head.
Sherlock's hands slide down John's chest, to his navel and lower. John holds his breath. He's touching him. Finally, really touching him.
“Come, my captain,” Sherlock repeats hoarsely as he hits John's sweet spot again.
Sherlock smiles over at him, then stands, slapping the sand from his shorts and bare legs.
"My father was beside himself." Her voice was unemotional, business-like. "He instructed me that if there ever were a problem to call Mycroft Holmes. Daddy said Mr. Holmes owed him a tremendous favor, what with that nasty scandal over a certain Parliament member last October."
“Um, alright …” He rubs his back against the wall. “You still haven’t untied me.”
Cryptic is exactly how John feels following this mad man. “You really need to let me know what’s happening.”
And heat? Since renters in the winter months were rare, heating the cabin obviously was never thought necessary and only an afterthought because of “deer hunting season.” The old cast iron stove hooked up to the propane tank worked, but the antiquated propane heater was useless. He stared at the gloomy walls with soot stains on from his first night here. Sherlock had to pull a dead racoon from the red sandstone chimney of the fireplace before he could even start a decent fire.
John files away that
James was slipping his hand in his trousers.
“A genetic marker…” Sherlock spreads his hands out on the table. “...is a needle in a haystack.”
Merlin walks to the edge of the circle. I hear something--sounds from beyond the cave. The real world is calling me back, but I can't seem to wake.
Sherlock strapped the bomb to him? James had been testing him? He should have seen this coming. He should have known. But why go to all this trouble? What purpose did it serve? And that tapping?
Another non-con warning for this chapter for Moriarty. This chapter explicit.
_____________________________
Despite the discomfort—no the pain—Sherlock had reserved a niche in his mind palace for that evening together (and if he wanted to be truthful with himself, and he always did, he had a very
"Yet I can't say it," Sherlock said.
John folded the paper and set it in his lap. This could have been
what I read for fun."
“We’ll keep all those memories locked away inside this chest then,” Myc tells young Sherlock. “If you ever need them back, you can find them buried here in the sand. I’ll put the key in a place where you can easily find it. And the map, I’ll put that in the first place you always look.”
"I hear fags meet up in the dark and suck each other's dicks in them smelly stalls," one said.
Footfalls echoed from within and the door cracked opened. I held my breath. Would it be Dracula? Frankenstein's monster? Or at least some sort of Night of the Living Dead zombie that Sherlock had conjured up to terrify me?
With a flick of his wrist, Sherlock drizzles more ice cream onto John's bollocks. He sets the bowl aside, and with a devious smile, laps across his bollocks before taking the right testicle into his mouth and gently sucking.
My previous frustration with this whole mysterious performance was starting to anger.
He found her, Mary Morstan, hired assassin and part-time lab assistant, her limp body whipping back and forth in the wind. She hung by both legs. He thought he might be too late. Her eyes were open and lifeless, her black hood had fallen off her head into the drift below her.
"Thank you, John." It was the least he could say. The most he could do was hug him. John let him.
I shook my head.
“There’s no need for that. You are an ogre without good rest. Get some sleep in a real bed not that horrible excuse of a chair you’re sitting in. I will be fine. If I need anything, I’ll text.”
Anderson wasn’t pleased, but Lestrade ignored his insults especially after Sherlock pointed out the telltale scratch on the Blackwood’s neck, and how the receptionist at Capital Tower had freshly done nails. Sherlock told them to search for bits of nail near the body. They’d found a nail sliver. When the receptionist had not shown up for work the next day or any day thereafter, Lestrade directed Sally Donovan to her home where her son said she’d gone to “to visit her sister in Newport.” Donovan did retrieve DNA samples from her home. It was a match. They seemed to think they had their serial killer. But Sherlock did not think they were one and the same although he had no doubt that Sophy Kratides was responsible for Blackwood's death. Proving that, however, would be much more difficult.
“Is that all. Hmm. I will have to call you that more often so that you don’t have issues. There will be times, however, that I’ll want to get your heart racing.”
Oh, and he liked to be called
Was that a gun in his hand? John tipped his head up to see Mary.
The smug tone of Mycroft's left Sherlock no doubt that his brother intended to exact some sort of favor in return, but Sherlock needed to know who Sebastian Moran was to James Moriarty.
"We can return. I enjoy being stranded with you."
“That’s bloody amazing,” John says, sitting in the chair next to the bed.
He pulls at the cord that binds his wrists. They're tied together in front of him, which is better than the pain he'd be in were they pulled behind his back. At least that's something. He's surprised to find his ankles aren't bound.
He hadn't wanted to linger on his long tapered fingers, but they were also an incentive.
Why was something so revolting named after man's best friend and furry companion? The ingredients weren't even fit for a dog and even didn't rise to the standards of the infamous banger—almost as revolting as the American wiener. The buns that came with it were just as disgustingly bland and spongy.
John sighs and continues his investigation. The island is undeniably beautiful but empty. There's no one around to hear him scream. So he does. He yells out his frustrations at the world, at Sherlock, at his captors, at the ratty French-speaking crew—everyone. When he's done, his arms don't feel as heavy and his shoulder doesn't burn.
“It’s not only my drawers you nose through. You do like sorting through other people’s things.”
“Weren’t you playing a game with that man Moriarty at the time this all happened? He became another casualty. But his death left plenty of opportunity.”
“That’s brilliant!”
The man taps the label on the MRI. “John Doe’s working well enough.”
“I want to help pay for the renovations.” John blurts out. He reaches for my hand and grabs it tight. He gives it two squeezes to reassure me.
A sheen of sweat formed on John's forehead. The next thing he knew, he’d pulled out a pocket knife and started to scratch out the words on the wall as he chewed on his cigarette until his jaw hurt. Once he finished, he threw the butt into the toilet and flushed. The cigarette butt disappeared down the hole and the writing from the wall was flecks of paint on the floor. It was as though nothing had ever been written there. But as he walked out of the bathroom on wobbly legs, he knew where he was heading. There seemed to be a voice calling to him from the darkness.
I let Rosie entertain herself following her dad around the kitchen with Teddy in hand while I see to the caped invader.
I also remember my plan.
"I don't know what you mean."
I turned back to the manor. "It looks still as death." Although the grounds looked tidy, no light illuminated the windows. "Does someone actually live here?" I asked.
I almost say no to that, but instead I half-heartedly rise. I lose my balance and fall back into the chair. Norbury glowers at me.
“You did well in the morgue today,” John says, trying to start some discussion, but Will just grunts in return. He’s about ready to give up when Will finally looks up from his map.
He waves Mike on as he goes to the locker room to shower and shave. He lingers at the spot where he found William Hawkins. So many unanswered questions remain. John spends the next ten hours with one patient after another, going through the questions in his head. He occasionally sticks his head inside Mr. Hawkins’ room, but he's asleep, probably with the help of the morphine. He sews up a few arms from knife wounds and sets a broken leg.
Special thanks to hotshoeagain for beta'ing most of the story and to recently folded for helping so much with the first chapters. As a writer, I deeply appreciate the friends I've made who beta. They are indispensable: they give find plot holes, errors, typos (especially my silly mistakes). They patch us up and kiss my story and make it all better. Most of all, they tell it like it is. If it doesn't work, I want to know and make it work. I have been fortunate to have beta's that tell me that. Thank you. You have encouraged and sustained me.
This time he grabbed his scarf and gloves before he followed James out the door.
He pulled me tighter against his body.
“As a 36 year-old virgin omega in an alpha body, I knew my fate. I wondered why wasn't I dead yet. I'd shut off all the valves to the negative air pressure chambers. It was taking far too long and according to my calculations, I realized I should have breathed my last. The chambers were supposed to be airtight, hermetically sealed! No contaminants should be able to escape. I suddenly realized why I was still alive. I could now smell alphas. I shouldn't be able to smell them. People were idiots. The chamber was defective! I knew then that they were going to find me.”
“It’s not right, that’s why not.”
“How much do you remember, Sherlock, of the week before Pandora struck?”
“The dream again? Was that when he was in the apple barrel or walking the plank? What in the bloody hell does that even mean?”
This is abominable! He can’t think! Sherlock eyes the thick case file folder with his name written on it, resting on the table where Sophy left it. It’s not proof. Far from it. But there’s enough to make him wonder. But what does it all matter? He’s no longer a possible threat to those he might harm. Why is he worried that John Watson hasn’t answered?
meant he was lying to Sherlock.
“I did not. In the end it was terrorist act, and you were simply in the way.”
"I'm certain he still hopes to convince me, if not coerce me, to his way of thinking. If not, I may well become his prey, and so, by being my roommate, may you."
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, then he reaches out and touches the frame. “That’s Mycroft, I, and Euros with Helena.”
“If another woman named Anthea comes to find me,” John says, “tell her not to worry. I’ll be back.”
“Bet you never saw this coming,” John read. He unzipped his coat, revealing the bomb. He let his jacket slide off his shoulders and into a heap on to the blue floor tiles. “I needed insurance that you’d comply with my demands. It needs to be completed. Consulting criminals. Partners in every way.”
One other point that bothered John before this: even if freshman weren’t allowed to live off-campus, John knew that Sherlock’s brother Mycroft could have arranged for Sherlock to be put in private housing. He had the means and the money. Why hadn’t he done this?
“I knew that walk well—an old ritual. I’d witnessed it so often. In films, on the streets, in taverns. Alphas circling a possible mate. I detested it. But I detested the ways in which mating occurred now much more.”
Getting back to my puzzlings on how and why we were here, the answer occurred to me. "Of course!" I said. "This is all a part of Mycroft's cloak-and-dagger shenanigans."
“I generally don’t trust anyone,” Sherlock says.
“Beca Bellin is a bit of a bore, but I thought the murders peaked your interest.”
He was overcompensating whilst playing Mr. Overconfident, which
“W-who?” John blinked. Was he awake? What was this?
John needed to notice that something was amiss.
Yes, John’s attractive. His blue eyes sparkle and when he talks. Will lingers on his every word. Mrs. Hudson seems to think Will and he might like sharing a bed. Maybe this would work after all. Sex doesn’t have include the heart.
“A quick shot to the head?” he says, straightening the front of his blue bathrobe.
“Fuck this,” Norbury says.
On almost every summer weekend during those early years, his dad would play baseball with John in the back yard. They'd take turns hitting and pitching. John's hands got sweaty and nervous, but he'd swing the bat as hard as he could, partly just to please his dad.
"And I suppose their name is Frankenstein."
. My sister loved
He may have erased that information.
“A warehouse on the Thames?” I say, blinking up at them. “Could you be any more cliché?”
"You left your bed unmade. You never do that unless you are in a rush," Sherlock said. "I was joking in regard to the professor—but you know that. You did, however, run into someone."
“John?” He's checking, forever checking.
I know I’m holding out the other name. The one that will hurt John more, the one that might be the final wedge between us.
“I knew it!” she says. “I didn’t trust that woman.”
I hate it when my transport disappoints. Memories of other childhood rejections overwhelm me: raised from birth as an alpha, at four I looked in the mirror, and the reflection staring back was not me. Stunned, I asked my mum, "Who is that omega boy?" She covered her mouth, and said, "That is you."
An injection? Déjà vu. Abducted once again. John rolls his eyes at Adler as he trips over the kerb. Why can't people be more original?
He never should have had that drink.
“I’ll come in and check on you again later today,” John says. “Don’t leave.”
, John cursed under his breath.
“I think I’m staying for a bit. Would you look in on Mrs. H. for me, though? I texted her, but, you know. Doesn’t hurt to have a look-in as well. Oh — she may be next door, Chippie said she could come over if she saw anything dodgy.”
John nods. All he had to do was print it in every tabloid for the world to read and people would believe it.
Sherlock crossed his long legs and leaned forward. "Hmm. Molly?"
“I see no reason to give you any assistance.”
Even as Sherlock fled deeper into his mind palace, he felt John calling him. Touching his wrist, his neck. Making sure Sherlock was alright. It was the most comforting realization. Someone thought him worthy of friendship, for himself. He'd misjudged emotion in the past, but he was certain he'd read John correctly.
"My head hurts too much to care about that. So you found me and brought me back, and have been sneaking in and out of here for days. Wait. Were you following me at the lagoon? You watched me swimming?"
“You give yourself too much credit.”
“But they think he’s done something to you!” she calls up, violin case clutched to her chest as John continues up the stairs.
Every day after, John habitually checks the locker room, hoping to catch him and records his findings (or lack of) in his journal. John doesn’t really expect to catch the man red handed, so when he opens the door to the locker room that day, and the man he’s chased over trash bins is standing only three feet way, John practically falls over himself getting to him. Instead of running away, the git collapses in agony at his feet, moaning, “my head.” A bit of a let down.
The tingle lingers on Sherlock’s lips.
“This is sweet,” John says, pointing to one of the gilded framed photos among many on the fireplace mantel.
"Worthless is what ya are. A nobody, a nothing," says the man.
Since I’ve been caught, I throw caution to the wind and take a chance.
He took John’s chair, knees apart and even held his chipped mug the same as John with his fingers gripping tight around the handle.
Getting into private and government run servers is too easy. Lestrade hasn’t found a connection, just the name of the pharmaceutical company the victims’ worked for, Bocks Company. In minutes, Sherlock finds a connection that proves fruitful: The company had gone under, but reemerged after Pandora as The Andropa Institute. Sherlock laughed— not even subtle. An anagram! For Pandora!
“One of our snares has proved successful. Someone is swinging from the tree,” Sherlock said.
I keep my opinions and thoughts regarding her to myself. I continue to tell myself it is because I am protecting him. I know I’ve made horrendous misjudgments trying to protect him. I took the fall, and my death nearly destroyed him. I deeply regret that decision not to tell him. I will never regret all that I did to stop Moriarty other than I did not tell John. After I met Mary, I protected him from my observations. I knew she wasn’t what she appeared to be. Only after she shot me did I reveal to him, but that was necessary. Even then, John did not know the extent of her deceptions. It would have hurt him too deeply.
“It seems Mycroft thinks I should resume employment at Cardiff Royal Infirmary. I need to become more visible there. We also need to appear to cut ties with Lestrade, I’m afraid.”
"Because I think it's in his best interest as well as mine, and his country's. I just want to talk to him," she replies.
While washing windows and speaking to Mycroft would usually be moved to the next day’s list, I must attend to them. John keeps insisting that we need to help Mrs. Hudson more often, and no sense putting it off further. As for Mycroft, I’m sure he won’t give me a direct answer. Although he never bothers with the “caring is not an advantage” anymore. He’s long since proved he doesn’t follow his own credo. Mycroft cares too much about my well-being and especially Rosie’s. At times he even appears to care for John.
Sherlock's hand returns to where it left off on the beach. John's cock leaps in excitement at the attention, and Sherlock's hand jerks away, but John clamps his hand over Sherlock's.
"And God knows
"Mr. Pelham may have mentioned that when he called."
Life was rich then. A freshly-painted white ranch house with blue shutters in a quiet cul de sac with an attached garage was their castle. During those early days, his mom stayed home to take care of John and his sister, Harry.
John froze in the middle of the sidewalk. The next moment, he heard fast footfalls and a body careened into him, sending John tumbling to the ground. John's knuckles immediately began to burn from hitting the pavement. He sat up to glare at whoever had run into him. He was sitting on the pavement next to John, brushing off his trouser legs. A shake of his head, sent thick, dark-haired bangs from over his eyes. Those eyes met John's with intensity. Not angry, but curious.
He leafs through the second folder. It’s a hodgepodge of seemingly random documents. She’s rationing out his past in folders and snapshots. She spoons it out to him when it’s most advantageous to show him. This mission of hers is tied together with Sherlock’s or she would not have left that second folder. Why?
“What I said about Pandora to Sophy Kratides, about the people who died, how I was happy they died? It was despicable. What if I wanted to happen? What if  there are things that I still don’t remember? Maybe I am a monster.”
kidnapped, even if not entirely as she was envisioning. But by the second day, she began to have suspicions. It was Geoff's fault. He should be better at lying. By the third day, she was only pretending to believe. A splendid piece of acting on her part, but it didn't take her much longer to drop the pretenses and confront me. She'd have made an excellent consulting detective."
He'd called John an idiot.
To hear his own name on those lips.
“What choice do we have? Let him urinate on our stairs? Mrs. Hudson doesn’t mind cleaning up after us, but I think that’s asking a bit much.” John pushes the door open and lets him in. “Besides, don’t you want to know who sent him?”
--------------------
These don't look to be Mycroft's usual men. In fact, they aren't men. Two hulking women in trouser suits with white shirts, neckties, and tie-bars climb out and approach him. John expects the usual invitation (or order) from Mycroft to get inside the car. While they have short-trimmed hair and athletic builds, one of them has a daisy tattoo on her wrist. John's attention shifts to the third person who steps out of the car. Bracketed by cherry red spike heels and matching dress, those legs would recognizable anywhere. The Woman.
John plays with him, rolling dice, moving around the board. Will thinks it’s a stupid game. Far too simple, but that’s not the point. He’s interacting with John. He likes that.  At last Will clears his throat. He’s prolonged the boredom enough, “Mr. Green in the Study with the rope.” He slips the cards out and sees he’s correct.
He'd loved card tricks as a boy. He considered himself an artist in sleight of hand and the skill of which he could shuffle and misdirect a performance. His large hands allowed him to palm cards with ease, but it was the speed and precision he had achieved through long hours of practice on which he most prided himself.
"Ah, but once we entered the freezer, we were obscured by the insulation curtain. She no longer saw us. She didn't remember we'd come here. All she saw was the freezer door open. She did what anyone would do upon seeing a freezer with the door open: she shut it."
are,” Moriarty grinned. “Come to me at last.”
Always pretending. But pretending didn't make it all go away. He still had Robert Redford under his mattress and he still dreamed about Steven. He wondered if there would ever be a place in the world where he could say "I love you" out loud to another man. He'd heard people were more liberal in California. Maybe he'd head out there someday.
And that’s all John gets.
“And Geoff, who was not forthcoming with why he was here. Not that I didn’t know immediately, but at least the man followed protocol and came to get my statement.”
“Either shoot me or blow me up,” John said. “Make up your fucking mind.”
After some celebratory chocolate cake for Sarah’s birthday, Molly gives Sherlock a few welcome back kisses after he receives a welcome back pat on the arse from Sister Katherine. All John gets is a slice of cake.
I leap away from the doorway before he can see me.
John’s fit of laughter continues, and he braces his hand against the wall to steady himself as he stumbles down the stairs toward us.
"It's in my medical records from I when got discharged. Intermittent hand tremor. Should have gone away with my shoulder recovering as much as it has. It did, eventually. Hasn't manifested in just over two years. Steady as a rock." He makes a fist, releases it. "What conclusion can you draw from that?"
Apparently, she understood my longing, my wishes, my desires. But she doesn’t understand depth. She doesn’t understand why. She can’t comprehend all I did not have but wanted. Maybe this is in some twisted way to give to me what she could not?
His heart pumps and spasms, he can’t catch his breath. He may have misjudged how long it would take John to...John? John be so disappointed in Sherlock— running off and dying on him this way. John has already lost so much. It’s not fair. He can’t die. Sherlock never told him those words. He needs…
“We should probably go out there and cut her down,” John said.
—————-
The problem was that Sherlock realized he was becoming preoccupied with John. Romantic entanglements complicated sex. He'd only known John a few weeks, yet he felt as if he had known John for his entire life.
"It’s damaged, but repairable," he reassures me in a calm voice. "At least that’s what Molly, our restorative implant specialist, assured me. She’s repurposing it.”
"I'm ending this call right now."
Sherlock clasps his hands behind his neck. “Nothing.”
He wakes, not an hour later. His mind won’t shut off.
"You've done it before."
Two days later, he adds a second letter. In this one, his handwriting isn't as neat, and he's wadded up the note and simply stuffed it into the bottle.
I pick up a stack of files. “Almost identical results for the same chemicals.”
"What is it a wise man once said? 'It is only when a mosquito lands on your testicles that you realize there is always a way to solve problems without using violence.'"
“Sounds like the same world to me. Maybe it’s you who’s worried that he’ll lose power.” John turns to Sherlock. “Exactly who is your brother anyway?” John asks him.
Moran’s eye twitched more, but he refused to stand up. Instead he held the gun steady on John while he forcibly rocked back and forth, sending blood curdling squeaks echoing through the cabin.
“But you drew them.”
Sherlock smiles and picks up a slick stone and throws into the bay.
John gets off his knees and stands to turn on the tap, adjusting the temperature. He composes himself—or tries to. I am addressing and removing my pants. I would be distracted if our roles were reversed. He stops and quickly looks at me. All of me. There’s no lust there, but something that runs much stronger, much deeper.
“I said she thought we should hire you. I didn’t offer you a job.”
I tick off escape routes. Mycroft had to have picked up my abduction off the CCTV since Norbury took me in plain sight. Switching vehicles could be problematic if the change was made out of the CCTV’s view.
Eurus manipulated us. John had never questioned why he never tried to save Mary as she bled out. Instead, he became crazed with rage. He blamed me. For a long time, I blamed myself. Looking back I’ve accepted my portion, yet there was another hand in it all: m
She sighs and lets go. He flips open the folder about his past, her eyes on him as he reads, studying him, waiting for a reaction. Disgust? Anger? She’ll get neither.
“I have a few days.”
Yes, Lennon and McCartney were right, “And in the end, the love you take is equal to love you make.”
“I know he did, but he was doing far more than that,” Mycroft turns to his brother. “You disappeared after you went undercover into the warehouse where we believed the virus was stored. Your last message to us confirmed you’d found it. You relayed to us that canisters were set to be shipped to five points of origin: Paris, New York, São Paulo, Tokyo, and Beijing. We did not hear from you again. We assumed you must have been discovered. We know Pandora began here in Cardiff that very day.”
“Maybe if he thought you really meant it,” she said, the corner of her mouth turning up.
, not Sherlock, you fuck.”
“We don’t. The cat has us. You should have already met him,” John says. “Being that you’ve been here to see Sherlock.” The black cat stretches, then curls around Greg’s ankle and rubs its whiskery face against Greg’s leg.
Like his violin, had Sherlock tuned him, drawn his bow, then played him like a virtuoso? John had never played anyone. He had seen girls do it to his friends and his friends do it to girls. The trick, he was told, was reverse psychology: pretend you’re not interested in the other person, then the other person will suddenly be interested in you.
Who was this Sherlock Holmes who came into his life? John felt as if he was thrown straight into the middle of an Agatha Christie novel.
He falls asleep to the rhythm of water lapping against the side of the ketch.
“And Mycroft!
John sees a chance to press his point. “You didn’t take it from my locker.” It’s an observation that John wants to have Will acknowledge. While Will understands other’s motives, he tends to ignore his own.
“I’d planned to use the closet in the storage room next door. You found me before I managed to get there.”
But Paranoia pointed out that vapor lights wouldn’t reveal the warped mind of a mass murderer who might look just like his next door neighbor. Some homicidal clean-cut, suit and tie type. John had seen so many of them wandering behind that same building late at night. No, it wasn’t dirty old men who lurked there. John had watched. No, it was generally a regular Joe—or some horny young man like him.
Here it tis! This chapter find Will (Sherlock) filled with angst and more troubles than he knows how to deal with. So his continued solution? Push John away! Doesn't he know he needs John to help him? Please let him know.
He shivered. His hair was plastered to his head, and the bitter cold rain that ran down his face mixed with warm tears. John brushed them both away.
I wondered what sort of mischief Sherlock was up to. He had a penchant for the macabre on any day. And this was Halloween, celebration of the macabre.
“Sherlock! Out of my room! Now!”
John stands and brushes the sand off his trousers. This time it’s John’s hand that reaches out; it’s John’s hand that pulls Sherlock up.
Later that very year I discovered the reason why I lived as an alpha within the first chapter of a book I'd found in an old apothecary. The book was titled
"My mum read nursery rhymes to me every evening before bed until I was four."
He'd almost decided to leave, but just before he turned around, he spotted a movement, there, deeper in the dark. Sherlock saw
“Breathe out, please,” Thomas instructs. She does, and her eyes flutter shut in pain as Thomas tapes up the wound.
“Do you think there are more?”
He's also seen a few stingrays in the shallows, basking in the warmer waters. He's shocked when he witnesses one stingray make dinner of one of the smaller sharks. The water grows red from the shark's blood as the ray skewers the shark with its barb. It is most unsettling.
Molly grabs his arm and pulls him down the hall out of earshot of the nurses. “So, we’re going to keep this whole incident between us.” It’s a statement, not a question. He should tell her now about Lestrade’s visit, but decides that was his decision. She doesn’t need to be complicit in that, too.
“That you were going to the same university was a gift,” James said. His shoes echoed on the tile as he stepped closer. “The rest was simple.”
“You are catching on, John.”
He stands on the sidewalk around the corner waiting for Ms. Smith to come. He closes his eyes and thinks of last night. How the light is faint in the room, but Sherlock could makes out every crease and freckle and pour on John’s face. He’d study the color of John’s eyes forever if he could.
"It's the perfume. They seem to be drawn to you and away from me. Please stand here."
he wants to add. “It implies that I didn’t just fail to stop Pandora— that I
John grabs Rosie just before she climbs over the baby gate, and I’m right behind him. As I watch him kiss her cheek, I promise myself I will tell John my heart.
He’s talking Sherlock up about Beca being so impressed with Sherlock’s deduction that the body was moved when one of those irritating vendors tries to sell John a flower. Instead of telling the man to bugger off, John buys it. Then hands it to him.
“I think she’s right in this case,” John says. “I can stay the night.”
Sherlock gasps. “Panic attack. Heart rate 212. Can’t. Catch. Breath.”
John brushed his hands over his face. Was there anything he didn't know? "That leads me to the odd part of my day."
I stop in front of Markham and focus on his face, which has gone from bright-red to a sickly white.
“Interesting choice of words." That voice! "I think that makes him human, which is more than I can say for you.” It's John! He came. He knew it! Sherlock can just make out his form standing in the doorway with Lestrade behind him. “Disappointed?! I'm disappointed. I thought you were someone to look up to. Someone who cared. It turns out you’re nothing but criminal.”
"You've half a point there,” Greg says. “I'm still not sure why this is bothering you, but out of respect for my fellow professional and poker player, I will let you know if I uncover that posh tosser's C.V. See you Thursday night?"
She giggled. “I’m not from around here, but the weather is just as changeable where I come from.”
"So, it's the whole knowledge is power thing you've got going on? So, you know I talked with Moriarty, but not what we said, and now you're calling because you can't stand not knowing what happened."
“He was a 13th Century Norman pirate referred to by the locals as The Night Hawk. His real name was Alfredo De Marisco. His lookout post was on the hill on other side of the island.”
John watches him carefully. As the ambulance begins to move, a weary Sherlock sits beside him.
John stared at him. He didn’t believe it. Sherlock was pointing the gun at him! Then the son-of-a-bitch winked.
John huffs back a laugh. Finally someone who can dress down the Holmes brothers.
,” at the same time John says, “I am afraid to ask. Why?”
“It has an altogether different effect on me,” John admits. Sherlock head pops up. He takes six long strides to John in his chair, then falls to his knees between John's legs and lays his head on John’s right thigh while his bow hand creeps up the other.
I'd seen one too many bloody ax-in-the-head costumes already today. The old manor in the distance definitely helped to set the spooky mood. It reminded me a Dean Koontz book cover. I asked Sherlock where we were, and he gave me an eyeroll with his shrug.
Stepping up behind him, John wondered how Sherlock could see anything through that abyss of darkness and whirling snow. He turned to watch Sherlock’s frown turn to a smirk.
"John," he says. "Your pulse. Your heart. We have to stop. What if you went into ventricular fibrillation? I haven't sailed in years, but if I must, I can. I can get you help."
Sherlock jerked away and over to the burner. He turned the knob to off, then blindly grabbed the handle. White-hot pain shot through his hand.
evening.” I pull my belt tighter on my robe so that my hands will have something to do. “Well?” I wait twenty seconds. It is long enough. I know who he went to see. “Tell me what Carolyn Norbury had to say.”
The thefts tapered off for a while. But then they started again, something odd continued to become missing from the pharmacy. So I went back to Dr. Bellin and asked if IT could reprogram the door code and put in some new locks and an extra security camera. She put me in charge of making sure it was all done right. I went in looking for help, and came out in charge of a new project. I used to do the same thing to NCOs in my Army days. Probably ticked them off as well.
“Is he well?” Sherlock asked. No pleasantries. It was Mycroft.
“Just pretend I’m not here!” he calls from the table.
“Or it could be that black bear,” John added.
“I don’t like it that I’ve been out of cigarettes for three days. At least you have electricity and access to the world. I have no one to keep me company but racoons and squirrels and  nothing to read except Playboy magazines and these atrocious Reader’s Digests.”
He reads it, then throws the cell in the nearest rubbish bin.
As Will leaves his key on the table, there’s an ache in his head and his chest.
"Our union is inevitable," I said. "Half of the world thinks we've been shagging all along. Why either of us would think we'd end up differently, I don't know. Now, get the hell out of the box. We can slip into something more comfortable later."
Anthea looks on, and Sherlock notes, she is unaffected by the corpse before her.
"It's part of the federal financial aid and PELL grant. Professor Doyle said I was recommended."
“Why is he here?” Sherlock yelled out to James. “I came with you.”
John finally relents. “I need to use the loo.” He pulls himself up. “Then you?”
"Lie still. You need to heal. The semi-blood seal was broken. Infection that set in was life threatening. You are very fortunate."
"Change it!" the man gruffly demands.
Molly bounces off. John pushes his hands into his scrub pockets. He spends another few hours on rounds, then goes to the morgue to check on Will and Molly later. He has to laugh. They’re framed in the dingy, dank room, arguing like they’ve known each other for years standing over a body that’s just been brought in, bright lights spilling onto them like actors in a theatre. When they both see John standing in the doorway, they shut it.
The wind blew in like it was heralding a king, but Moriarty looked more like a child-prince as he slid down the sharp snowbank. He hit the floor and bounced to his feet like an olympic tumbler sticking his landing. Snow flew across the room as he shook his head.
Sherlock stomped his boots before he began his climb up the sharp snow-laden hill  covered in oaks, elms, and what Sherlock noted were large Sassafras trees. Sherlock worked his way to the top and followed his usual route. He stopped at the top where an old stone fence that marked a property line abutted a row of pines.
John pushed open the bathroom door and walked Sherlock over to the sink. He turned on the tap and ran the cool water over Sherlock’s palm. He removed it for a moment and inspected the burn, then returned it under the faucet.
I looked at Marilyn Frankenstein.
“I won’t let you.” It’s John. John heard him. The room is one large black hole, and he’s falling into it. It may be too late. Too late.
Even in my half-waking state, I believe all omegas who dare transmute and wield the power of the elements are an abomination. I embrace it. I am the freak, the abomination. It matters not what time, what place, be it real or nightmare.
“You always called it Skully. The name went so well with your swashbuckling stories we never had the heart to correct you!”
“I care more than you realize, Ms. Kratides.” Mycroft says.
“And I don’t like lying to my friends.”
“Thanks, Mike.”
_______________
“Go around the cabin! Follow the side of the house!”
John thinks Sherlock has gone a bit insane, and Sherlock thinks he is perfect as the disheveled, wanton captive tied to his bed.
His mom and sister were confused at why John didn’t believe it.
"You're late," she whispered. "Professor Doyle hates it when students waltz in after the lecture has started."
"Either my past is revealed by Magnussen to John," she says, "or I finish the job I was hired to do." Her expression doesn't change. It's flat, emotionless.
“Oh God, yes,” John murmurs, leaning in to kiss him.
As he entered the lobby, he was thankful that Stephanie wasn’t working. She was cute, but not his type. Instead, someone else was there—minimal make-up, short blonde hair, no-nonsense blue eyes and a pert mouth. John introduced himself, and her eyes lit up as she immediately held out her hand. His hands were cold, but it didn’t put her off in the least. He immediately felt a tingle of attraction in the heat of her touch.
How did she do it? How could someone so easily manipulate those around them? I think it is not that difficult. It was not brainwashing. I can influence others’ actions, but her control borders on mythical. Hers is far more than a conditioned response, she could reach inside another and alter their perception. I wonder sometimes how much she’d altered mine.
The red lights of at least a dozen laser scopes dance all over his body. His heart, his head, legs, chest. He’s lit up like a Christmas tree and dizzier than before, but it’s worth it. “Nice to know I’m wanted!” he smirks and throws his hands in the air again, only this time in surrender.
“A pirate did live here once,” Sherlock says.
“That was a mere tip of the iceberg. You know she was a vicious assassin. The list was much longer and much more brutal than what was on the drive.” She laughs. “She destroyed people’s lives. Ruined families. She knew it was only a matter of time and people would come after her and return to her what she sowed.”
“I will.” John hopes he can keep that promise.
John nods at the remainder of my story as I pace the room.
Just as Sherlock imagined what was in John Watson's head, he hoped that Watson did the same. That John might be interested in something more with Sherlock and wonder if Sherlock were interested in him. That John might lay on the bottom bunk, staring up and wondering what Sherlock Holmes might be like to kiss.
Sophy swore she was there to help Sherlock, but nothing she’d done was to protect him. Instead, she gave him a few clothes and a violin that wasn’t his. She took him. On the other hand, while Anthea could come off just as cold, he heard the sincerity in her voice.
“I don’t believe this. You owe me, John Watson! I’ll take the first floor and the basement. You take the upper floors.”
to be nice to the nurses.”
"I don't think I've ever seen that game of solitaire before."
He’s actually sad to leave. They discussed staying another day, but instead, they promised Mummy they’d be back for New Years. He’d learned much more about himself here. More than he’d expected.
They’re back inside the apartment when John turns to Sherlock and asks him what he half suspects. “You really don’t have one, do you? A real plan?”
“I need you to draw Ms. Kratides out of her inner circle. If we expose them in a public manner, there can be no mistaking where the blame rests. After that, I can tie up any loose ends.”
“I mean, is there anything else you want to tell me?”
Our crazy guys finally come together hard and for good in this. There is one final chapter. The epilogue. In it you’ll get final importance of the key, as well as our beloved John and Sherlock.
“He was there recently.”
“I wondered how long it would take you. Yes, I do.” She smiles, and it’s a smile he’s never witnessed on her face. She’s embarrassed.
"You know what's even more unlikely?" John asks, pointing as he steps out into the clearing. "Her." Standing there in linen walking shorts, crisp cotton blouse, and Jackie Ohh Ray-Bans is Anthea.
A couple walked near them, gazing curiously at their hands together. John's first reaction was to yank his away. Instead, he shook the man's hand.
“I promise nothing.”
Sherlock no longer nips at his lips. Instead, they slowly open and close, and John's eyes fix on one of the larger freckles on his top lip. It's so quiet in the cabin that he can hear each steady breath Sherlock takes as he leans down closer to him on the bed, his eyes on John's lips as well.
“Of course. Then, when they deny me, I’ll know through their puny words and actions exactly where he is.”
“Finally, John. You understand.”
His only pen. He struggled not to panic. Panic over a fucking pen! Molly must have sensed his worry and came to his rescue. She tried to retrieve it with the side of her foot, but instead of rolling into John's waiting palm, it rolled completely out of reach under the chair. No use. He'd have to get the notes from Molly later.
“Yeah, he does. You’re telling me that chest thumping was about your plan? Is that the story you’re going with now? It had nothing to do with you being jealous?”
“You people are so fatalistic,” a deep baritone rumbles.
He reasoned the district held some sort of importance although there seemed nothing of interest or value to Sherlock. When the man with no past memory came into being, the knowledge of landmarks inside his head confounded him. For two years, he spent days when his mind was clear, exploring the places few knew in an effort to spark his memories. From there he’d learned Cardiff’s hidden secrets, but he’d remembered nothing— until John came into his life.
On the quilt were John's old socks. Too tired to bother putting them in his dirty clothes hamper, he'd wadded them up and thrown them at the end of the bed. Grass-stained on the soles and with holes in each heel. Next to them John had also left his guitar pick and capo.
The pen kept its tap, tap, tapping. John found he couldn’t blink as he watched it. A Bic pen. Blue ink.
"She was in love with a sociopath. It might have been a blessing."
“We’d ruled drug use out since tissue samples came back clean, but Will tested his hair! Heavy opiate use until two months ago! Took him all morning what with the old equipment we have here, but now that there's two of us, we have the time.”
He decides he'd better head back to the boat. Throwing his message bottle into this lagoon will do no good. He needs to be on the ocean side of the island. He can head up along the channel and investigate tomorrow. For now, he's sweating and thirsty, and the bottle of water he brought from the boat is long gone. John sits down in the white sand for a few moments in the shade of coconut palms. He's leaning back with his sandals behind him as his toes dip in the water. He imagines this place long ago, pirates on these banks looking over this very lagoon. Maybe there's buried treasure? His first impression that this is just the sort of place Sherlock would love is correct. Aye, matie, leave it to Sherlock to put him on an island once home to pirates. He shakes his head in resignation.
“Mycroft did. Yesterday morning.” Sherlock knew Mycroft timed the visit to coincide with John's departure to hospital.
“I tolerated them well. I did have some questions regarding one study in particular.”
“Hitting me isn’t helping,” John said. The man was spinning around in circles. Either that or he was the one spinning. In an effort to stop the world from whirling, John tried to halt it and pressed his hands against the cold floor.
“There’s something else you need to know, as a doctor and as his friend. You are a good friend to my Willie.”
He wanted Sherlock to enjoy it with him. When Sherlock refused, James taunted Sherlock. He tried to force Sherlock to cry. He loved hearing Sherlock suffer.
"Aww ... Mr. Paylar the Terrible will never agree to that. Take off his arm and him leave him without. He don’t need one."
"You're not taking this seriously," John says, rolling over before flattening himself out on the bed next to Sherlock. He unties the knot and starts a new one. Sherlock watches John's fingers intently as he connects the two cords with a double-surgeon's knot.
"You're stepping in my vomit," John points out with as much cheer as he can muster. Serves her right for trying to dislocate his shoulder.
“I wish I could have seen the body. At least then I’d know,” he’d told his mom.
But he is.
He had to get to class.
He feels as if he’s a commoner all tangled in heap of limbs under Sherlock. Even with sweat on Sherlock’s brow and flushed cheeks, the man is majestic.
Hand in hand they trek through the coarse grasses and wander around the island. There’s families here and couples visiting, seeing the island’s curiosities. Not much to really see on the island but rocks and bushes about and maybe a few rabbits. The trees that were once on the island long taken down. The sandy and loamy soil of the island doesn’t afford much to grow, but Sherlock points to John some adder’s tongue fern along with bee orchid and spleenwort. Not much else.
“You said
"It states that he is your beloved."
"You are," Sherlock whispers.
Even before Pandora this was a rough place. After, it became the most crime-ridden of sections. Most of the dwellings are blackened skeletons, trees scorched and scarred, the grass consumed and replaced with trash, weeds, and muck. When learning the layout of the city, Will came here. The experience from the knife wound in his side was enough. Will never returned.
"You have fast hands," John remarked.
So much for bloody paradise.
"Not without proper medical attention first," I bargain—not that I ever intend to comply.
John’s ahead of him and gets both hands up inside Sherlock’s scrubs. They stick to his sides and the small of his back, but John helps with the bottoms, slipping his warm doctor hands inside, then Sherlock helps John with his trousers. Why must John change at work? Scrubs are so much easier to sluff off.
“John Watson! He was there. Willing. He was convenient. I couldn’t remember what sex was like, so I found out. At least that part wasn’t disappointing. But he’s little man with little aspiration.”
My real hand reaches around to the back of my head. Relief washes over me. The modicum tempus is gone. No incision. That means this doctor is also an alchemist. My deduction was correct.
“Out!” Lestrade shouts, pointing to the door.
"And you didn't."
“You are correct, and that is the problem I face. There is so much I do not know.”
Sherlock knew little about guitars, but he knew quality. John must have saved and worked hard for this one. The body was powder blue and the chrome on it polished. Sherlock eased the neck of the guitar up to put the capo and pick away in the small compartment that hid beneath.
“We should to take Tuna when we go,” John suggests.
He thought back to the last time he'd used it. He'd probably left them on the bed and they'd fallen between the mattress and the wall during the night. He didn't feel like digging around under the bed.
“Tap, tap, tap!” James said.
“Sherlock will never do that,” he said.
“Sister, actually.”
"Did he also knock you to the ground when you were late?" Sherlock had said with a chuckle.
Sherlock shrugs his shoulders awkwardly as he observes the two.
"It's not drivel." John's jaw was locked tight. This line of discussion wasn't relaxing him. The cards helped, though.
“Yes. It far more.”
Sherlock’s head dips to watch John under the gentle insistent pulls of John’s hand. John kisses the perfect bow of Sherlock’s lips and lets his tongue part them. Sherlock tilts his head and brings their tongues together.
"Oh!"
John eyes widen as he swipes the copy of Back Door Boys from Sherlock’s hand. John’s cheeks and neck turn red. Sherlock heart begins to thud against his chest.
“Just because he pushed you into a lake when you were ten doesn’t mean he doesn’t love you,” she says.
Moriarty pressed a finger to his lips. “Oh, dear. Too bad. How are your ankles, Seb? Lucky for you I had my lucky pocket knife and was there to cut you down. Then you had to go step in that horrid trap! I should have left you hanging for your stupidity, but you seemed to have redeemed yourself. Look at how you’ve tamed Sherlock, sitting passively at your feet like a domesticated dog. Give his head a pat!”
As the associate professor ran off in the other direction, John picked up his backpack and newspapers. What a coincidence to run into him of all people! Too many coincidences...
is my favorite of his," John ventured. "But I didn't read that until high school. You read that when you were five too?"
"Yeah, he told me not to answer the phone, and since he is paying for it, I don't."
The nostalgia of Mary’s dorm room:
“When I say come, you will come. And you
Sherlock arms hold him up as he pumps fast. Beneath John whimpers and moans, not holding back.
Find BOTH POVs in this: John and Sherlock.
, his violin, his stuffed bear and his magnifying glass.
Sherlock couldn't help but grin when he saw what else it contained.
I take John’s hand.
As I untie him, I take time to admire John’s remarkable skills. I really shouldn’t be thinking of all the possibilities at a time like this.
When he’s a block from the warehouse near Bute East Dock, he stops to observe his surroundings closely. It’s open highway, and he furtively pokes in and out alongside and beneath Central Link, hiding in the overgrown of weeds and bushes around the highway.
"Then you know there are twenty separate inlets here. It's a respectable true crime novel. As far as that particular genre is concerned, it's well-researched by the lawyer who defended one of those accused of the murder. His logic was impeccable."
As they walk among the dark sand, pebbles and slippery seaweed covered rocks on the low tide land bridge across the Bristol Channel to the title island, Sherlock recalls this same walk as a child. The adventure!
John sit forward up a bit more. “You seem to remember mine.”
Sherlock leans back against the headboard of the bed with his pillow propped up behind him and sets the bowl of ice cream on his bedside table. "I could pretend you're my personal sex toy that I've decided to keep with me always. I'll bind your wrists to this bed with those cords. You'll be at my mercy."
“Unexpect the expected,” the blog on characteristics of a BAMF said. Maybe John wouldn’t shy from the truth. Maybe I’m the one wrong. Maybe he’s expected it all along. I just never told him.
“Ms. Kradites too then!’ John says.
“Your poor hand. We need to run cold water on this. Let’s walk you to the bathroom.”
He imagines instead happiness is waiting out there. His mind skips awake to the conjured sound of Sherlock coming home. John holds his breath to what it’s like to hear him walk through the flat. To see him linger near John’s bedroom door. Sherlock has made tea and holds the cup and saucer as he leans against the doorframe. John imagines kissing him. That Sherlock tastes like the honeyed tea he’s sipping. He envisions Sherlock’s hair where it curls and the sweet tang of how the nape of his neck tastes against John’s lips.
John explodes, his world turns to white lights. And Sherlock joins him.
I sigh, and John gave me one of his abbreviated nods, indicating for me to speak.
As for driving anywhere, it took a week to dig out. My apartment building was on Michigan Avenue, which is state emergency highway that is always one of the first cleared. It wasn't cleared for 4 days, and Snowmobiles were the only emergency vehicles for days. Other back roads were impassable for over a week.
“I don’t think so,” John said.
The manor was most impressive, I'll give him that. It was more of a castle, and the massive iron gates stood open for us. As we approached, my heart thumped and blood pumped. I should be chilled, but adrenaline had taken over.
John laughs and questions him again, but it’s more of an inquiry than quiz. “When did you get the cat?”
Controlling the drug market is the easiest way to the top of the underground crime ladder. But in this new world turned upside down, one doesn’t need to go underground. Her account books she’s left for him to see look legitimate. He is right about the building’s location: a large office on Cardiff Bay. Excellent labs. It’s name is, of course, The Andropa Institute. Looking over some of the accounts isn’t a surprise either: Cardiff Royal Infirmary is on the supply list.
The first day, John had only briefly met Sherlock Holmes, his new roomy. He seemed a nice enough guy. So much for first impressions.
“Innocent people died,” she pushes on. “I know you don’t care about that, but you would care that it affected your game. That is what you live for, isn’t it? The game?”
"It's sad that she was in love and forgot it every day," I said.
“My, my! One, two, three, four, five!” Moriarty exclaimed and waved in John’s face. He strolled around the room. “Your guests have all arrived! All here and accounted for! Hmmm ...
“Oh, Sherlock.”
"I've increased your pain med. You seem to have a high tolerance for the codeine."
“Here’s my number in my dorm.”
When he swims back to shore, he doesn't immediately see the large stingray in the shallow water. At first he's startled, but he's read that they don't attack people and remains calm as he swims in an arc to avoid it. Instead of fleeing, the stingray rushes toward him and flicks its tail manically at John. John recalls in horror the bloodied water from the stingray's attack on the shark.
A quick flip through today's files, and John saw that this must be what they had collected of Professor Doyle’s work done at other universities. While it was fascinating, it left him alone in a room, taking notes and writing summaries with no exposure to anyone or any opportunity to ask questions.
He hears a knock on the door downstairs. John told him. He often gets people who need medical assistance. The neighborhood knows he’s a doctor. He says it’s not unusual that he gets called out at night. He says not to worry, he always takes his service revolver and his sixth sense. He’s not sure what that means.
John loves being breached by Sherlock, who makes love with the grace and passion of a dancer. At each hint of building orgasm, Sherlock reads John and slows.
"I feel like a sledgehammer hit me."
“They won’t wash themselves,” she told me.
"I've tried to so many times."
John glows with an inner pride he hasn’t felt in some time. He’s blushing, all because this flowery-tongued wanker guessed his password. Will grins down at the screen.
“Yeah, I can see it. Pretty much from the first day I met you I followed you without a question,” John says. “And the part about the heart dying. Mary’s shot? Or is it deeper? How I hurt you?” John stares ahead, his lips tremble. I crush his hand in mine. “Not a happy ending.”
Afterwards, when James refused to remove the cuffs, Sherlock should have been afraid. Instead he was fascinated. Would he torture him? Would he try to kill him? The cuffs were tight, but it was easy enough to escape yet he did not. He watched warily and waited as Moriarty paced the room naked.
“Home Sweet Home,” James chimed out. He waltzed around as if he lived there.
Any other time and he’d be excited about a date with an attractive, intelligent woman like Mary. Instead, he wondered if Sherlock would be there when he returned. He said goodnight and thrust his hands in his pockets and mulled over what to say to Sherlock.
The pain in his face is agonizing for me to behold. He rubs his hands over his face.
They sit down and eat. Looking across the table, Will sees John as a possible sexual partner. It strikes him all at once that he could almost certainly seduce John. He tries to follow the lines of reasoning that have led him to this conclusion. What has he observed?
“Sherlock? Are you okay?”
One is next chapter may be a bit longer wait since I'm up to where I finished writing it at this point.
“Or it could be a ravenous bear,” Sherlock added.
The cool flick of a tongue touches his tailbone. John hasn’t shaved and his stubble adds to the sensation. It’s a cosmic and indefinable— that shattering instant of contact with his hole. John’s teasing it with the tip of his tongue. It leaves and comes back, stabbing softly until Sherlock becomes a quivering, wanting mass. He can’t believe the noises coming from himself. He can’t quell them or suppress them. Sherlock twists to look over his shoulder as John fucks him with his tongue. He sees Sherlock watching.
"I'm not in any danger. This is just a symptom from all that I've been through. My heart is strong. I've never had a problem before. Ever. I had a stress test not long ago. I was fine. I'm healing."
Over the last weeks, the phone had remained silent for the most part and only rang three times. Each time it was Mycroft. He hated touching the phone. Sherlock held the phone’s receiver an inch from his face each time. He’d rather it never rang, in that case. He only wanted to know that John was healing and well.
Sherlock’s breath quickens, his jaw drops. How did he ever become so attached so fast? It’s all sentiment. Not love. His hands begin to shake, and he shoves them into his coat.
I will never be an acceptable omega. I am too tall, too angular, and my voice far too deep for one. Anatomically, my cock was large enough for a beta, but for an omega, I am a freak, and I embrace it.
“Look at this! And this,” John wails. “Wait! I didn’t want
At times I wonder if he didn’t pull back to save himself. I hurt him terribly when I faked my death. He blamed me for Mary’s death. Maybe he knew exactly what he was doing by protecting his heart.
“And why would you stay home?” Even as he says it, Sherlock regrets John’s crestfallen face.
Last night, we went to our separate rooms, sad but with more than a hint of hope. I was greatly relieved John agreed to return permanently to Baker Street, but much was left unsaid. Last night, I put my heart aside since I felt John was still hesitant. This morning, I wonder if he is waiting for me to tell him.
And a big hug and thanks to recently_folded, my superb beta, who never stops or gives up reminding me to show not tell and add character voice through their narration.
Time slows. It spears him. Once, twice, and a third final sting. With a splash, it flips around and swims off, leaving John gasping. He doesn't feel the pain. Not at first. Just cold. So cold in the warm water. And the water is no longer that glorious bright blue but dark red from his blood. He keeps his head above water until his feet thankfully touch the bottom. He struggles to shore and drags himself across the white sands, bloodying them as well.
He'd almost come back and scratched them out himself. He'd choked on the cigarette smoke as he reread the words, murmuring to himself, “Who the hell was the fool to even joke about that around here?”
Adler laughs. One of them grabs him under his arms and begins to push and shove him into the backseat of the sedan, and John pushes and shoves back. It's a scene that gains the attention of the few people on the street. John's hoping he might get help, but he's losing ground. He's beginning to feel groggy and nauseated when they manage to push him down into the seat and drive off. He rewards their efforts by spewing coffee and danish onto the carpet.
As he wiped up the coffee, he gave me more evidence: private conversations and close calls. It was our night at Angelos that made me believe—all we said and didn’t say sealed it for me.
Mycroft sighs, picks up his fork, and inspects it. “One never knows with Sherlock where this may have been prior or the pan.”
He finds the list he started again last night and writes down "apple barrel."
“What does the great Sherlock Holmes want from me?” She meets my eyes, her thin lips forming a flat line.
“She blames everyone but her mum for what she did. She thinks that it’s some conspiracy, and says her brother Bradford, believes the same. She says her mother never betrayed her country and that she was framed.”
So sorry this chapter is a week late. Thanks for the messages wondering where we are. Nice to know people are waiting for the chapter and can't wait for more!
“You don’t think he’s going to visit Mrs. Hudson first?” John asks closing the door.
The sky spits on him, and he pulls up the collar on his coat. Suddenly he aches for that someone walking next to him. He wants someone to laugh and joke with, but he can’t do that. John’s safer this way— from whatever he is and from whatever Helena is.
Sherlock is not so sure. John believed in him. None of what Sophy said about the horrors of his past did John believe. At least he didn’t before Sherlock left.
I nod. John looks over at me suspiciously. My face warms as I realize I have been caught. I hastily spritz the glass with more cleaner, carelessly getting some in my eye.
“There was a reason for that, as I recall …” John says.
While eating the second hot dog, mustard spilled over and dripped down his fingers.
It was near the pines that Sherlock found the boot prints. They were fresh, and the tread clear. It was beginning to snow and the wind was picking up. On the top of the hill, the wind whipped around him. Sherlock followed the tracks down the other side of the hill through the pines, leading to a marsh below. At the edge he found it: a trap. Someone poaching? Sherlock didn’t know the laws regarding this. It might be perfectly legal, but since this was state land, Sherlock doubted it. Also, it hardly seemed sporting in his mind. He found a stick and sprung the trap.
“Sherlock, we both know how much he loves her. And so you know, he asked. We’re lucky to have him.”
“I thought I’d lost them that night,” he murmured.
I climbed inside behind Sherlock and nodded to our pilot, who smiled back and waved at us. He was a striking bloke, reminding me of a silver-haired Tom Cruise. He was skilled—that we found out pretty quickly. He brought us up flying backwards to avoid another chopper in front of us, and once clear, spun us around. My stomach dropped. The pilot gave us a wink, then lifted us into the sky on our side, blades whooshing and whirling. What a rush! It certainly felt like something out of a Mission Impossible movie as we spun around and headed up and over London.
“I wanted this to be in private,” blurts out our captive. His nose twitches nervously.
“Wait. So you think your brother? But he hasn’t ‘given it away’ to anyone in your family!”
“It will since I’ve just opened the site from private to public. No one will know the timing of any of the posts.”
“I understand that, Sophy. Do as this good man says and save your strength.”
Yesterday, Sherlock had smoked marijuana with him. It was an experiment in human behavior, and John Watson behaved predictably. At first. He became more paranoid than a hippo on thin ice.
Sherlock hesitated before he swung the door open.
“That 'private owner' wouldn’t have been Mycroft?” John asks pointedly.
Sherlock tries to open his mouth to answer. He thinks he has it. John turns grabs Beca’s arms. Even through the dark tunnel, Sherlock sees John’s anger, John’s rage. He shakes her so hard that her head snaps back and whips forward over and over until Lestrade stops him from rattling her brains out.
But John waited as she slotted them away in the box one at a time. Then he picked her off the floor and carried her to bed. As usual, she refused to fall asleep unless I read her a story. At last I came downstairs to hear John’s own story.
It worked. John’s eyes moved off Moriarty’s pen and rested on the remote in Sherlock’s hand.
“I watched him do it myself,” Moran said. “Holmes wasn’t happy about it, but what James wants, James gets.”
. I kicked you when you were down. I could blame Eurus to the ends of the earth and back for putting all of the thoughts I had into my head, but in the end, I did it to you.”
“But that would mean the killer chose the victim beforehand,” Molly says.
“No. She does not. Years ago I would have told her, but she...how do I say it?”
“They’d thought he’d done something to you,” she says. She disgusted, and in a huff she explains all that happened. As she continues, his blood pressure rises. She says the police think Sherlock killed Lord Blackwood and done something to John?! What was Greg thinking?
?" Sherlock repeated.
“It’s more of a same-sex union between them. See the two males swans swimming side by side? They’ve bonded for life. Adopted abandoned eggs. Raise those children together.”
“Stick to the script,” Moriarty said.
“There’s something else you should know,” he says.
“It’s time, Captain,” Sherlock says shakily. “Come.”
“Do not be ridiculous,” Mycroft says, sneering. “Sophy has no use for him.”
John’s in doctor mode. He’s checking Sherlock’s pulse, checking his eyes, his breathing. “This is my fault,” John says, as he brushes sweaty curls off Sherlock’s forehead.
"Buy you a sandwich?"
“I’ll be back, and with Sherlock. I might be awhile depending on how he is.”
“You have a date,” Sherlock realizes. Suddenly it makes sense. How had he overlooked this?
Molly laughed. "Yeah, I know. He's so cynical, so smart."
“You may release him. Enough of this petty bickering. I gathered you both here to speak in private. I’m not about to let Sophy Kratides know I’m alive and kicking. Not just yet. As much as you hate it, Dr. Watson, mum’s the word. I do mean
He pushed open the double doors to the large lecture hall, trying his best to be invisible. The doors clicked and whooshed. He closed his eyes and hoped no one had noticed. He counted to three before he opened them to find a few heads turned, along with someone's arms and hands waving at him. Thank God the arms belonged to Molly, who was motioning him over to sit down.
John takes one look at him, and throws his head back and rolls his eyes. “Your mum is going to kill you,” he growls.
“I need you beside me, or out of my way.”
John's flat is lovely, but too big for one person. He disparaged his furniture, but it doesn't match things Mrs. Hudson would pick, based on her outfit and her age, so it's almost certainly his. But not all of it is to his taste. John is used to living with other people. Also, he wants to take care of people — obvious from being a doctor, but not every doctor would have worried about his patients safety in police custody, as John expressed to Mike when he thought Will was unconscious. John considers the feelings of the hospital staff. He is lonely, empathetic, and a caretaker. That's a fairly easy angle to play, Will thinks. Probably fairly simple to express some sort of emotional vulnerability — something John has likely to have experienced in the past. Find a reason to touch his hands. John is a surgeon and apparently quite a marksman— he's likely to think about his hands more than the average person.
Medically stable enough, then.
Those words make Sherlock certain his choice is the right choice, not Mycroft’s.
Moriarty waved his hands dramatically. "I am obsessed with many things: Opera, the Crown Jewels, pure mathematics, but not Sherlock Holmes. He is, however, obsessed with me.
And where were the sea-green twinkles and baritone vibrations?
“They both have wings and both have homosexual relationships,” the batman suggests, looking at us.
My teeth were no longer chattering from cold. Instead I was clamping my lips together with my teeth to keep myself from crying out at the wonderful friction.
Nope. Ass-wipe.
"Sometimes, John, you
The itching began the day he moved in. Three days later he gave up and went to the campus clinic.
She shook her head in disbelief.
John glares at William's carefully innocent face. "
He threw away the shampoo.
"And the hand?" Sherlock asked.
“One’s ahead of us, then the one behind. I believe I’ve seen some motion on the rooftops.”
“Mr. Abrum does attend this desk, but we have no record.”
At least John felt a bit of satisfaction that he was right no one would be out here waiting to ambush them. He held out his mitten and helped Sherlock up, then made his way around the cabin as Sherlock instructed.
The black iron stairs echo as John and Sherlock step down. They take a short stone path that leads to the greenhouse. The door is latched, and Sherlock carefully inspects it and the white paint-chipped door before opening. They step into the oppressive heat into a protective vestibule between the outside and inside of the hothouse.
"He kept calling me. Leaving me long messages. He threatened to harm himself."
"I see. Tired and confused. Yeah. I was tired and confused before I stepped inside here. Even before I was LOCKED IN A FREEZER, Sherlock."
“An answer to why you killed Mary.”
"College is about learning who and what you are. I as well as anyone understand the temptations which come from freedom. There is fun to be had, but one must temper what one calls a 'good time' with study. I trust you understand the difference."
John steps out of the car, draws his Sig Sauer, and levels it at the leader, which gets the attention of the two hoodlums on each end, who stop waving their the boards in the air. Will sees the glint of his gun as John waves it a bit. The leader isn’t as impressed and maintains his white-knuckled grip on his iron bar. “Move the car,” and John’s order sounds like a gunshot. The man on the leader’s right lowers his makeshift weapon to the ground.
"Do not be hasty. There is much to gain, incentives to be had. I assure you that any information you give me will reap numerous benefits. That, and I have much to share with you regarding my brother dear. "
"Yes!" I yelled. "Sherlock, let me go."
John stares. He doesn’t know what to think about all this.
"Hold on! I'm not gonna spy on him! What kind of brother are you? No, don't answer that. Sherlock already told me."
"Hand them to me. I can take them for you.”
And now John cared. Only the other night, John had awakened Sherlock from one of his night terrors. He'd expressed true concern and had asked him what was wrong. No one ever asked Sherlock about them; they just told him they were "nothing" and to "go back to sleep" or ignored them altogether. The morning after, his mum would take him into the kitchen, hand him one of her homemade chocolate biscuits, and set him down at the table. But she never once asked, "What's wrong with my William?"
My BAMF has saved me.
"You're a fine dance instructor. When did you learn to dance?" John asks. They bump the kitchen counter but continue.
Your John
Sherlock had already deduced that the crime scene must be close by. His eyes met Moriarty's.
At first, he'd entertained himself deciphering what each customer's desperately ordinary life was like. Later, he'd scribbled his deductions on napkins. Finall,y he decided to just hand the napkins to the unsuspecting louts. Most of them were either pissed off or astounded.
Markham inches his chair toward us. “Words in between? What does that even mean?” he asks.
John stops. "Looks like a clearing, and I think that's the airstrip ahead," John says, pointing.
“Here, take these.” Mike grabs to catch the carton and egg thrust his way as John strides forward, cane clicking on the tile floor of the Tesco. The stranger takes a step back. The cashier looks nervous. John stops for a moment, eyes still locked with the stranger's. There's a pssh sound at the entrance, then the man spins around and rushes out the automatic doors just before they shut again, coat billowing behind like superman’s cape.
“Sorry,” he says as I step up beside him. “It seems that it resolved itself.”
“How? How is this even possible?” I ask.
“It’s right there. I can even hear the person say those words to me,
"That's Frankenstein, Sherlock. As in
“Thank you, John.” He feels flushed and thinks of Molly’s similar reaction.
<Set to Private>
What to do!
(See the end of the chapter for
"I think I'll take a shower," Sherlock said. He noticed John blinking up at him as he grabbed a towel and a clean pair of sweatpants out the dresser drawer and raced out of the room.
“I do remember you, but you were a lot... younger. With more hair.”
John no longer wonders why someone might be in a glasshouse in only an undershirt as he shrugs off his jacket, when he realizes something else—
“Let’s get you looked at first, and I’m set to get stitched up. It will keep. You need to rest. I’ll find you when I’m done.”
“Yes. I’ll be Colonel Mustard and you can be Mr. Green. How’s that?”
“If you’d said he had a pegleg or a talking parrot, I might have believed you.”
in the air. "Everything I thought I
Sherlock splays his fingers across John's face with the same soft care he's used to tend his wounds. John lets Sherlock lead, wants Sherlock to lead in all of this. He firmly puts all doubts aside: this lonely island paradise, this boat with one bed. He's finally with Sherlock. Why question anything beyond that?
"I see you do." John sat up straight and pushed his biology text to the side. "From the way you shuffle and talk about it, I bet you've gambled a bit."
"Don't be sorry, be on time," replied the professor.
I did tell John what this man, James Moriarty said to me: "I am well aware of who and what you are, and why you've never been bonded. You are, Sherlock Holmes. You're valuable. Very valuable. In the end, you will be mine."
Molly comes to find him with a fresh cup of coffee. "I'd much prefer having my morgue attendant back, but this is a close second. Taste!"
It's an older military jet of some type. Spartan. He's let down that his abduction seems to be on a limited budget. He doesn't expect a sky-yacht done in art deco with euphoria-inducing windows, but he thinks that John Watson ought to be worth more than a stripped-down, twin-engine transport.
“Oh, god," John says, awe in his voice. "Yes."
I see it in his eyes as he shuts the door to our flat. It’s quiet with Rosie gone. I’ve stared at his lips so many times, but I always look away when he catches me. John does the same. Now we both stare at each other’s mouth. We acknowledge, but our eyes remain transfixed.
He hollowly recalled the end of that summer. They were packing and Steven hadn't said a word. John touched Steven's back. He jerked back, practically hitting John in the nose.
“A shame. I understand that you are having a difficult time meeting expenses. I would be more than happy to make it so that you would not have to participate in the work study."
Sherlock shifts his weight, side to side, sliding down John’s torso humming and licking and making John beg for more. He flicks John’s thick cock through his pants with the tip of his tongue, then pulls them down. His tongue traces the tip, then he buries John’s cock down the back of his throat. He pulls off with a pop.
John doesn’t need to ask what Sherlock is.
What if that killer is waiting asleep inside him waiting to wake up? Molly isn’t safe. John isn’t safe. Who is he, really? He’s right making this choice. He doesn’t want to believe there’s a monster lurking inside him. Yet there are moments, moments he feels as if he is that monster. He can be cruel. Say cruel things.
“I know the whole of my life now, John. What I was before, what I am now. I am not the same, and it’s because of you. It’s always you, John Watson. You make me right. My past is a part of me, but I want what’s before me to have you in it.”
Mary laughed. Some people chirped, some giggled, others warbled when they laughed. Mary bubbled.
“Somethings are better left behind. I really don’t have much. Not even the clothes I first found myself in.”
John doesn’t give me an answer. We finish with all the windows in our flat and Mrs. Hudson’s, too. First the windows and on to our morning walk in the park.
"Worry when you become tired and confused. But you are a doctor and I'm confident you'll recognize the signs of hypothermia." Sherlock grabbed some of the large empty boxes and began breaking them down. He handed me one and gestured for me to do the same. "Cardboard is an excellent insulator."
. “I’ve thought about what you’ve said, John, regarding my abilities. I believe you are correct. I exercised them repeatedly on the nurses and staff at hospital.”
“Good Morning, Doctor Watson,” echo the volunteers in Mike’s same stage whisper. Five sets of curious eyes take in the room: the bed with its unconscious occupant hooked up to monitors, John in the same chair he sat down in last night. And the same scrubs, which feel more wrinkled with every passing second.
I wake up and realize John is here. He’s not dead, but he’s not the same. I still have so many questions.
Both heads turned to an old building that looked to be a lumberyard. They had both come to the same conclusion.
He hums as he makes toast and slathers on the butter. This feels right having Will here. Like it always should have been this way. He even gets a bit sentimental thinking back on London and his family. He thinks of them a lot. His Mary and little Rosie. He writes about them in his journal too. Now, he has someone else to write about, to include. As he hands Will the toast, he thinks at least he knows where his loved ones are resting. So many were buried in mass graves during the epidemic. He got to hold them, say goodbye, even if it was in quarantine center. So many who were kept away from their loved ones. As a doctor, he was allowed. He’s no longer in London to visit the headstones, but John visits them in his memories, his journal. Will doesn’t even know who he is, or who he should miss. Being a doctor, John cared for so many, yet for some reason he never became ill. No a spot or sniffle. After Mary and Rosie died, he wanted to join them. Thought about it.
“I’ll thank you not to add any more excitement to my life. I may expire.”
“It's late,” John says stepping out on the deck quietly. He sits down next to Sherlock and dangles his legs over the edge of the
Thank you one and all.
After John leaves, he’s a mess of fidgets as he puts on his scrubs and old trainers. He’s so tense he has trouble tying his shoes. He abhors them— there’s a hole in one toe, and they’re not that clean, but it’s all he has. He looks up to see Sister Katherine with papers in her hand.
It's beyond John how Sherlock can hold the thermos, push through the deep foliage, and be dripping in sweat yet look so...hot? Sexy? John shook his head. The tropical heat must be making him horny.
“You look terrible yet still so handsome. Even when you were homeless, you were attractive. Such a shame to destroy such beauty. I am sorry that it came to this.”
when you can have me? Oh, how soon they forget.” He threw the back of his hand over his brow dramatically.
An island with no food, water, or any amenities. On rainy days, his parents would tough it out under an umbrella with a brimming picnic hamper. Today the sky is bright blue with only a wisp of clouds, and although a bit different from what his Mummy always packed, their basket was filled with more than enough to eat and drink.
"John, you must know how I feel about you." He steps closer, and his hands fumble at the buttons on front of John's faded blue cotton shirt. "How deeply I care for you. What I feel, what I've always felt, is far more than friendship. From the moment we met, I knew. I denied myself, but I knew."
He opens his eyes and takes out his cell and checks. Still no notifications. He opens his browser and googles “James Moriarty.” There are 12 million results. He reads the first five. It’s enough, but he continues...master criminal...genius. Also according to numerous tabloids...very dead.
Sherlock remembers taking himself in hand when he was a teen, recalling that the experience was as much mental as physical— fantasy the very essence of the erotic excitement.
Molly frowned.
I can say so much about the process and the decision to have BAMF John top from the bottom in this story, but it all comes from what I’d rather spend my last words on: the playground as a metaphor.
John stands up reluctantly. Sherlock gives a long-suffering sigh. John guesses if that’s not a send off, he doesn’t know what is.
“I knew that. I told you although you said the mother insisted it was not her daughter’s handwriting.”
Suddenly his face was burning cold. Ice! Ice was falling from the sky. What kind of Hell was Michigan? The wind thundered by and his coat whipped his legs. The sidewalk transformed into a massive skating rink. He watched as people slipped and slid, more than one falling on their arse. He ducked into a bus shelter to escape the pelting abuse.
John squints, waiting for the whale to reappear, as Sherlock waits for John's question. "Where?"
John would think it’s a bit creepy. But as Sherlock sits lotus, watching John breathe, Sherlock understands himself much better. Sherlock wants what he never knew he wanted.
“Alright, then.” John clicks on video file. There’s also folders with documents. The images on the screen are dark and difficult to make out at times but a moment later, Sherlock sees himself on the screen clearly, walking near the Cardiff docks. He’s wearing his Belstaff but beneath he’s wearing crisp dress trousers and a dark shirt. He’s a stone heavier.
They spent the next couple of hours going through the files and drinking too much coffee. John found himself actually laughing and almost forgetting Sherlock.
“All gone, Papa,” she says to me. “We need more.”
"Just as I suspected … daddy issues."
She blinks. “We should go inside.”
John hiccups a laugh. “Yeah, maybe more. But we got to talk about what you chose.” John sits up. He’s naked and still very aroused, but pulls the sheet over his lap. “Or didn’t.”
“That’s why she’s so interested to know what happened that night. Why Mycroft said that you could be in danger if you remembered. It might make you just as guilty in her eyes.”
John turns to Sherlock. “Wait...
It had been two days since Sherlock witnessed John's wet dream, two days since Sherlock discovered Moriarty's unwelcome appearance, and two days of waiting.
After John spat on his hand and coated his cock roughly with it, he shoved it where there was no going back. This was it. He had made a deal with the devil, sealed it with every hard thrust. John wanted to ask him what it felt like. It sure sounded like it hurt. But he heard the man beneath him on all fours utter moans that mixed with pain and pleasure. John plunged in harder, going deeper into the forbidden place.
! I never win at it."
I don’t sleep at all.
She steals little sidelong glances at Will, but he stares studiously out of the window on his side, in the corner of his eye a small flare of setting sun reflects off gunmetal side of Mr. Eyebrows shades. His own skull feels like it’s about to pop—  he can’t think as clearly as he needs to. The driver is still angry. Interesting how he came to her defense. He realizes now where they’re at. He turns the car and pulls to the front of the 221b.
“The man had a list. But it was old, faded, illegible list. Too washed out for most people to make out. In fact, it was a list over a shopping list! That’s why we missed it! We just thought it was a slip of paper. What Will saw immediately was the list beneath. A list of past substances he had used. William said it was 'obvious' that he had experienced a near death episode before this. You know as well as I that addicts often quit only to return to the addiction. He kept this note in case it happened again— either from overdose or, as Will suggested, a sudden death episode.” Molly shrugged. "It's rather sad, really, he wasn't using anymore but his past still got him."
Sherlock surmised that made him the perfect enlistee for James' operations.
It was only later that he did find out something about his roommate he could appreciate. Those same long, large tapered fingers rolled a mean, fat old dooby. Sherlock fired the sucker up with his Bic, then passed it to John. Pretty primo pot, resin all sticky on John’s fingers and lips. Sherlock got a real good buzz too. His eyes turned red and, along with the green in them, reminded John of Christmas trees.
“Hmm. Disturbing his final resting place made Handy cross,” Sherlock said.
My grandmother had stacks and stacks of true crime and detective magazines in the 60s and 70s. Most were awful and tasteless bits with outrageous covers (yeah, they were fun to read). Here’s a glimpse at some of them
Sherlock didn’t look forward to the tongue-lashing John was sure to give him when he returned to the dorm. Although he was fairly certain John suspected that Mary wasn’t what she appeared, he knew John was certain to be even more angry when he told John what he’d deduced about Mary. John must face facts. Her age, for example. He was dating an older woman. She had to be thirty.
“He doesn’t have dates,” Sherlock said.
Blackbeard weaves around and around the legs of Sherlock’s chair, waiting for a hand out. Sherlock slips him a taste of his bacon back, and the cat takes it as an invitation and leaps into Sherlock’s lap for more.
"Don't touch me," Steven hissed. "Don't ever touch me again."
“He stopped by here. He said he will come back today. I really think he just wants more of Mrs. Hudson’s tea and biscuits.”
Clothes didn't confirm a thing, but what was beneath them did. The most damning single piece of evidence was Watson's legs. Although Sherlock had not seen the same cut of jeans or t-shirt that the man at the sink had worn that day, the clothing had afforded Sherlock a good look the shape of the man's legs and his tanned arms.
He falls back onto the bed. “I don’t work for you,” he says and dismisses her as he rolls over and turns his back to her. She sets the other folder on the desk before she leaves.
He doesn’t sound like John. The tone and pitch of his voice aren't the same, yet he’s like him in so many other ways. From inflections in his voice to his mannerisms to his knowledge of our time together—details only John and I would know. But it was what happened six days before Mary shot John that now makes me believe, and the words from John’s own lips that give me hope that this is real.
“You said you didn’t make his bed,” Sherlock says, leaning into her face and pointing his finger. “So you did have sexual intercourse with my brother!”
“No, she was standing in front of me. Threatening me.”
“If he wishes to come with us, I would like that very much. But I wasn’t serious when I said his name should be Tuna,” Sherlock yawns, “He needs an appropriate name. One that fits him. Names are important.”
"Is this some sort of bloody experiment?" I asked.
“I do need to lie down.” He closes his eyes to avoid questions and only opens them to take note of where they are going. It’s outside of Cardiff. It’s not rural, but it’s still unfamiliar to him. They pull through a large gated home that must have at least twelve bedrooms with a Japanese garden gracing the grounds. There’s a coach house with an adjoining Victorian stables.
“Hey! That’s my life you’re insulting.” John is resigned but still angry. Sherlock decides he rather likes the look on John.
I fear it's been days since I opened my eyes. I fear that something went dreadfully wrong. Possibly part of my brain liquefied. This inability to connect thoughts has to be more than fever and infection.
“No hospital. And don’t forget my coat.”
"Thanks, Sherlock, but that's more than it cost."
“I’ll give you the damned bomb if you leave and never come back,” Sherlock said. He waved James off with the back of his hand. He knew it would never work, but it was the thought that counts.
Inside his mind palace, he distinctly heard John call out his name slowly. There it was again,
"When she retires for the evening, just as she always has as long as she's lived here. She will wait for us to arrive first, but she does have a routine that she's followed for years."
“Sherlock! Sleep!
Sherlock paces the floor. John hasn’t come home. It’s been well over two hours, and he still hasn’t returned Sherlock’s last text.
“It’s a metaphor. Someone betrayed us or I betrayed someone. Why else would I dream about a mutiny?”
friends.”
The doctor moves my arm, and pain radiates from my shoulder and through my back and chest. I clamp my eyes shut. He shakes his head.
is getting impatient.”
“What do most people say?” He scoots to the edge of the seat, leaning closer.
“Mary knew you were behind the murder of all the hostages and the Tblilsi ambassador along with Mary’s A.G.R.A. team,” I say. “If you didn’t kill her, she would have killed you. What did you have that kept Mary at bay all that time? There had to be more than what was on that USB drive.”
He takes his meds not long after Sophy's little visit. He
<New Entry>
“Forget the soup. Let’s look at that hand.”
He sets to work slurping his Captain Watson sundae. John twists and squirms as Sherlock’s mouth and tongue work around the root of his cock, yet avoid the treasure. Ar
He could tell she didn’t want to leave him to go to work.
“Pay attention,” Moran barked. “You need to stand.”
“Everything I had was gone, everything I was. My family, what few friends I had.”
“I do care,” Mycroft states. “However, sometimes there are ideals and principles more important than our punny lives. Unfortunately in this world, people will not listen to reason unless one is respected, trusted, or feared. I need people to listen. To do that, I will need my name cleared and those who smeared my name cleared
Sherlock smiles, and Winston notes Sherlock’s change as he spies the message.
“Not as deep as they once were, but deep enough it seems.” It always felt so satisfying having his brother pay.
“Ya could try,” says Norbury. “You’re a fucking deadweight is what you are.”
Of course Rosie begins to call for me.
He turned away from me and squinted his eyes as if he were deep in thought. I knew better.
He turned toward the library when he felt his knuckles throb. He looked down at his hand and saw the papers clutched there.
Strange. What if this were no act? I wondered if she might not be on the spectrum. And what was up with that note? I couldn't help but find the whole thing highly suspicious behaviour.
"After all this time, I finally get to kiss you. Don't you think that's reason enough for my heart to flutter?"
Chuckling, John tips his head up to kiss him. Sherlock's lips cover his, and what begin as the usual soft, delicate pecks grow deeper.
And me? Not delirious, but Sherlock was right. I am an idiot.
His roommate was a terror. But despite the tornado of chaos and insanity Sherlock brought into his life, this was the most fun John had ever had.
With a click, Sherlock pulled the cord. And there was light.
"Oh." Greg Lestrade is here to talk to William. He really should tell Greg that his witness — his suspect — may be checking out AMA. Probably would mean jail for sure when William is caught. "Yeah, everything's fine. Probably just need something to eat. Busy morning."
“This is getting old— all this cloak and dagger. False names and all that. You must have worked for my brother.”
"Is that so? Unacceptable."
most important. He was obviously enjoying poking at me a bit.
, and stuffed them both under his arm to read later.
At least he didn’t have to chop wood. Someone already had. He was certain it was Samuel, the old fisherman. He’d chopped away to tire himself out and put away his loss. The man had cut enough for two cabins for the winter and stacked it neatly between two hefty elm trees a few yards from the back door, and what was called an “out house.”
John thinks it curious this Will referred to his mind as something he accesses— like he’s a computer. He doesn’t have time to pursue the thought.
Sherlock and John join Mycroft at the table. Blackbeard hisses at Mycroft, who ignores the gesture. At first. Then the cat jumps on the table and hisses in his face.
“Dr. John Watson, foolish? Anderson? Donovan? Only a fool would call you foolish.”
Two days later: no problem at all. Sherlock was still walking around smelling like a field of wild flowers, but John had stopped itching.
“He’s bluffing. Shoot him.” Sherlock’s tone was bored, and he gave a long sigh. This was in high contrast to his eyes: the cabin light from the fire melded the green and gold melded together, making his eyes glow with excitement.
“I swear. If you harm him or his quilt, I will kill you.”
“No,” Sherlock answers for John.
Obviously, not only had Moriarty not forgotten, but he brought a man with him just as unbalanced.
John wants to get a look at her though. He’s curious. Even if she’s wearing a dress more like what Mrs. Hudson would have in her closet, her legs are pretty shapely. He’s checking rooms as he goes. She seems to be having difficulty walking, and as she stumbles, he notices the hair on her legs. And long and black. That’s okay, he tells himself— women don’t need to be a slave to shaving their legs. He steps up his pace to get a peek at her face and check the next room, but she begins walking faster. It’s starting to become a sprint between them— he walks faster, she walks faster. Odd she is obviously having difficulty. John finally calls out, “Miss! Miss! I’m Dr. Watson. May I help you?”
John's head pounds when he sits up. "Oh, it's 'Irene' now? Are you on a first name basis now that you're both in the Not Dead Club? Bloody hell, can you please give me some paracetamol or something for my head? I can't argue with you properly while I'm in pain like this."
“You didn’t in the locker room.”
“I have a photo of Mycroft.” She already has it handy in her coat pocket and shows him.
“Okay, William Hawkins I Think. I’ll write an order for pain medication, and I’ll pop in after my rounds.”
"How will you ever know if you don't try them all?"
John gasps as at the cold ice cream drizzles down the length of his penis. He jerks his wrists and pulls against the cords as Sherlock bends down, flattens his tongue, and laps it off. He bathes his heated cock with long, lingering swipes. Done, he sits back on his haunches again, admiring John and the mess he's making of him.
"Get out. This your new home. It's rather nice, I'm told, for an older ketch. You'll find food and what you need inside," says Captain Obvious as the boat bumps into the dock. "Good luck."
John took it. As he glanced down to read it, Mary bent forward and kissed him on the forehead.
Even after so many years, John still yearned to have those days back. Every evening, it seemed, there were those hearty sit-down dinners with his mom's melt-in-your-mouth pot roast and creamy mashed potatoes with rich gravy practically dripping off his plate. His mom would become so immersed and delighted in his dad's stories that she'd forget her manners and plant her elbows on the table and look at him with love in her eyes.
“I bet you are.”
John laughed. "How much worse could he be? This is like something out of one of those true crime magazines my mom used to read."
“This genetic marker,” John says. “You want to know what it was.”
“Struggle all you like, captain," Sherlock says, beaming down at him. "I’ll not be in any hurry to ravage you.”
John relaxes his arms from his chest and sets them back down on the armrests. That was encouraging. At least he’s suggesting that he uses brains not brawn, and he intends to stay with John here. Will is still a miserable-looking ball of tension, though. John is more sure than ever that some part of Will's amnesia is psychological. Something is making him afraid of himself, perhaps the same thing that led him to hide for weeks instead of seeking medical care.
No one did. Until now. Until John.
"Look," I said. The roar of the chopper made me shout over the noise. "I want us to be together. We don't need a life or death situation to know that I want you and you want me. It's a fact. You understand facts."
. “Sure.”
Big, fat flakes began floating down. They clung to his lashes and hair. His first real Michigan snowfall, and John wasn’t here.
There’s someone wrong with someone who cares more about determining a where a person lives by what’s on a shoe sole than caring that they live in squalor.
As soon as they reach the island, Sherlock takes John to one of his favorite spots as a child: the foreshore where the visible ribs of a ship stand out of the sand, sadly not those of a Viking ship, but a Victorian wreck.
I gasp. “We shall become the same. We shall be one spirit within two frames.”
John shook his head in disgust. “Yet you still couldn’t keep it shut.”
Mrs. Hudson shakes her head. “I don’t ask questions,” she says, scuttling out. “Not my business,” and shuts the door behind her.
"More water?" John asks in disgust as he looks at the glass Sherlock thrusts under his nose. Sherlock's hand trembles as he does it. "I think I've pissed at least enough to fill the lagoon."
On the way home, he thought he'd stop at Zenterman's Delicatessen and order some sandwiches. Ever since Molly had raved about the place, he'd been meaning to stop there. She'd also kept insisting that he get Sherlock to eat more. “He’s too skinny,” she’d said.
“And the other keys. We’ll find the answers as we go.” John’s fingers cup Sherlock’s face. “Where were we?”
“Swing your legs,” John says. He gives her back one gentle push, but it’s not enough for Rosie who begins kicking her legs, pushing against the front of the bucket swing, and jerking the chain back and forth.
She didn't look at all choked up about it all.
doctor, I could release you into my care. You want out of here. I’m offering you a safe way. Mike said he’d lend me his car that he never uses. We could move you in.”
?  What does that say about me?”
“I did say that, although you have me confused with someone wise.”
Which was a most unfortunate effect. John stretched his arms out in front of him to hide his lap, leaned back against the headboard of the bed, and waited for Sherlock to continue.
"She will be back as soon as she finds the other note."
“You know if you treated others with respect, people might actually like you.”
“I wasn’t referring to it in a metaphorical sense. Shootings and stabbings are commonplace on the streets. Police would just think it’s another robbery gone bad. But poisoning then strangling someone? That’s personal and out of the ordinary. It gets attention.”
As John's feet carried him ever closer to his doom, he was reminded that that this particular class was referred to as the science weeder course. Had he just volunteered to be one of the first to be weeded? He was looking at the man who had the power to toss aside all his hard-won plans.
William sighs. But that’s not true. He does. He knows more about the people in this home than he does about himself. Part of him hates to leave. It’s the only family he knows.
Sherlock removes his coat, then searches the room as he did before, inspecting under and behind lamps, tables, picture frames.
It was terrifying, I recalled. I was cold, clammy, and gasping for breath. Suffocation wasn't the way I wanted my life to end, but this was what I had been reduced to. I meant to only hide inside here, not to become my tomb.
She smirks at him.
"What about that Lestrade? The one who left a message about evidence?" John asked."Considering what you've told me, I'm thinking it's a good idea for you to return his calls and work with him. That and I can help keep an eye on Moran and Moriarty with the work study."
Mycroft stations his umbrella like a guard and stands straight at attention against the arm of the chair. With a sniff, Mycroft moves the replacement Union Jack pillow aside. John and I sit down together on the couch. We’re so close that our thighs touch.
“Nom de plumes run in the family. Please choose wisely,” Mycroft says, bending and squinting at the cat, who hisses at him. “He’s certainly not a Tuna, more like a Purr-anha.”
“That’s all.”
"You are doing well, John."
"Oatmeal jumper," Sherlock murmured into my neck.
Then John stops.
It should have been unsettling for Sherlock to see Mycroft again, but having him in this flat felt oddly familiar. Sherlock generally tries not feel anything. John feels enough for the both of them. Meeting with his brother in this place, John’s hallowed ground, put Sherlock at ease. He felt almost happy. A curious feeling for Sherlock.
“I wouldn’t say something like that to his face, but it’s true,” he says. “The man only loves one person, and it’s you.”
“But there was the chance.” John grips Sherlock’s hand tighter. “Either way, it was an impossible choice. By not releasing that nuke, you saved over 400 thousand people.”
He texts Helena back, says he’s at John’s. She won’t like it, but he doesn’t care.
“Oh, this,” he gazes down at his outfit. “Sorry, it’s not like I had the opportunity to change,” he says. He pushes past me and begins up the stairs.
"Stance, tone of voice, and you continue to wear your hair with the short side part, but it’s how you tuck the bedsheets under military style that gave it away.”
"I do think you have something to tell me, too. But that can wait."
"I know! Imagine the odds. I mean, having Associate Professor James Moriarty come racing into me like that."
"Mycroft," John moans. "I'm really not up to hearing this."
I am watching the people on the street below, going to and from wherever regular people go in the afternoon. One woman wears a red hat and pushes a pram on her way home where she lives with her parents. Another is walking a terrier and carrying a bag of groceries in the other arm. He has no one waiting for him at home. I realize I’ve been holding my breath waiting for John to respond. Except for the wheels of Rosie’s red truck spinning across the rug, the room is quiet.
“Oh, fuck!” John wails.
It gave John pause to think that what was in these boxes and in this room might never unlock his past. It might all be for nothing if this was the case.
“Our dreams aside then: I know my brother is alive.” Sherlock looks up at the sky, checking the rooftops and windows.
"What do you propose I do? I've already collected all of the evidence here in the performance of my
Finally, John is fuming. His face a bit pink. It’s intoxicating to see him flushed. Sherlock sits a bit closer, leaning into his shoulder. A jolt of electricity sparks between them. What magic!
"That I do cannot know. But it is a fact that he had been stealing from the family and selling your family's legacy. He started with small items wouldn't be noticed missing. Then went on to other valuables, such as silver tea trays." Sherlock reached out and touched the tray that held our now-empty tea pot. "This is a cheap knock-off. Not what I'd expect of your family.
“Fuck,” John cursed as he freed his own hard cock, trying not to strain to see the image before his eyes. He could close his eyes, but it didn’t matter. There was no mistaking that he was gripping a man’s ass, and he knew what he wanted to do with it.
————————————
“Whatever you decide, I’m right with it,” John nods. “We still have five hours left here. We can take the chest with us. Walk a bit more. You can show me the west side of the island. It’s quiet now with everyone gone. Then if you decide, you can open it later. It doesn’t have to be now or ever, if that’s your choice. And if you don’t remember, that’s fine too.”
finish searching it. I have a half hour before Mike picks me up. If Mycroft is stopping by, maybe I will tell Mike not to bother. I can go in later. It’s not like it will cost Mike anything. Beca’s been giving him money for petrol since he’s been using it to cart patients around.”
John’s a bit taken aback how well they are working together. It’s really a bit of a miracle to him. He also feels a bit giddy from all this brilliance.
John pats his back.
“You want him to do what?!” John voice raises. “Do you remember he still recovering from his head injury?”
"Better than okay," John says, giddy. He looks between them at Sherlock's erection underneath his shorts.
It was like any other rest stop for the weary on the west side of the I-94 corridor but for one big exception: its reputation. As a child he'd never known its reputation. To him, it was as welcoming as any other rest stop. His family drove by in their station wagon at least weekly. All those years and he'd never known its dark secret.
"And what is your area, exactly?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John reached over and took Sherlock's pulse. It was slower than normal, but John knew heart rate lowered with meditation, and that seemed to be what Sherlock was doing. A coping mechanism for being over-stimulated, John supposed.
“I used most of the suppressants listed in Malcomb’s papers, including pills, implants, and injections, but the patches worked the longest for me. In the end, I was using four at a time to suppress sufficiently.”
Sherlock took a breath and continued.
“So no one has lived here in a long time,” John observes.
At least he might be able to get a hot cup of coffee and a kiss goodnight out of this.
He put on his coat and boots, a stocking cap and warm gloves.
“Hey, John. It’s Mike.”
"It was a double homicide," Sherlock announced, not that Marilyn would ever remember.
?” Sherlock said.
“That’s him!” She yells like she’s calling for a crash cart.
John thinks. He’ll have to pry it out of Sherlock before they leave for home.
“John,” I sputter.
“You still don’t get it,” John says. “You couldn’t save us, and I don’t agree with your diagnosis. Head trauma may have set your memory loss in motion, but it was dissociative. Having the responsibility of the world on your shoulders was the cause. I’m certain. I’ve said it all along.”
I love you.
“Give me a call,” she said. “Maybe we could meet up—” she winked. “Just in case you need an excuse to get away from your roommate.”
As for other modernisations, the manor was much like our hostess: dusty, with cobwebs about. The old gas lights that lined the walls had been converted to electric, but the light they cast was no better than the candles and lamplight of a Victorian home. The flicker of shadows obscured and played tricks on my eyes; furniture loomed like goblins covered in ghostly sheets.
“John,” I choke out. “Please, get in bed.”
Sherlock is still waiting for him as he comes out of the locker room.
“Maybe it would be easier to tell about one of them or one that’s reoccurring.”
"Deadly serious."
In the hallway he heard voices and music behind the doors. The bathroom was still. Sherlock turned on the shower and stared in the mirror.
. Now, it’s just a matter of working out how to get in and visit Blackwood. Enter Sophy Kratides.
John purses his lips together as he pulls the trigger. A crack rings out as John shoots a board in one of the men’s hands. The three of them jump back from the flying splinters.
I am an idiot. Of course he’s waiting for me.
“Oi! Give me that quilt!” John flails around, trying to get back what Sherlock’s pulled off him. “Go back to sleep. We can talk about it
------------------------------
“Not yet. I want to make sure it’s set properly, but this should quiet him,” says Norbury. I flinch since it’s easy to see it coming. Another solid crack to the other side of my face. Right in the eye. This time I don’t have to intentionally rock the chair; it jerks back on it’s own. The world spins, then goes dark.
I close my eyes. I don’t tell him the link. I don’t need to confirm what I know now to be true. I know the answer, and it’s an answer I don’t want John to hear. Not yet. Not until I understand why. I need to distract them both. I take my deductions in another direction. Since I do, however, know why he’s dressed the way he is.
Sherlock realizes he must have whispered her name.
“You mean Eurus’ note.” I pause. “Why did you wait to give it to me?”
No hesitation. John blinks, puts his arm around my waist, and guides me. We hobble up the stairs together. Drunk, injured, or sick, it’s a repeat of so many other times we’ve leaned on each and climbed these stairs.
But given the facts at hand, it doesn't seem like it was going to be safe for Will to remain here for too much longer.
Even from the back of the lecture hall, John could see that Professor Doyle was glaring directly at him. His heart pounded in his ears as heads swung around and stared at him as though he were a grisly fatality in a traffic accident, smeared all over the roadside.
Through the mist of the mirror, he saw the boy becoming a man who would never color inside the lines.
“I’ve said nothing at all because John is his own man. He does not answer to me, and he certainly does not need my approval as I certainly do not need yours,” Sherlock huffs out. “For someone who says he knows how to keep his mouth shut, you seem to say enough for a roomful of people.”
John jerked back a bit, but politely let the hand lay.
Sherlock made John Cambell’s tomato soup. He turned the electric coil burner to heat the soup in a small, old aluminum pot that John had brought from home.
“He’s been in the boot of a car all night,” I say, “but I will not allow him upstairs.”
“It would. He has a superior
"I doubt that."
She’s let him know all this. She believes he doesn’t care. In a way, she’s right. He doesn’t care. He just wants to solve it. She knows this. It’s the game.
“One key among many, but the most costly. Sophy screamed for me to send the text to Mycroft. Moriarty’s men were livid at her, but she wanted me to blow us to Hell. I did not. The result was a pandemic.”
He limps out of Starbucks and steps in a puddle. He should have anticipated the omen.
It might as well be halfway around the world.
He realized only later that it was alcohol that had snatched his father away.
“That’s what you came for. Go back to the dorm. I’m walking Mary back to hers.” John turned to Mary. “Ready?”
John also had another problem with Sherlock: his choice of cologne. John felt that he must be allergic to something he wore. John had always had a hypersensitivity when he used certain shampoos and aftershaves, but this was the first time it had bothered him when someone else used them near him.
“I thought while you were interrogating our guest that I would make a fry up,” John says. “Would you like that, Rosie?”
My father, the beta. He was wise, but I don’t believe he was right. At least when it came to denying who I was.
“Please, Dr. Watson, I am well aware of his medical issues.”
“Nevermind the fact that it’s where you nicked them from,” John teases.
The wind howled so loudly that he could hardly hear Sherlock yelling in his ear.
American classic, long-running television show
It's written on the yellowed notebook paper he found left behind in this place he hates more than his own life at the moment. Writing the fucking note makes him more seasick, but it at least gives him some sort of purpose.
We stand, and he lets go. I feel awkward as I walk next to him. I want to know what he feels. I want to touch him again.
between John's legs, and long fingers spread apart his arse. The lotion they've been using for hand jobs is cool against his pucker. Then Sherlock's long form bends over to kiss him. It's off-kilter, messy, awkward, and incredibly arousing. His hands roam down John’s side and around to his waiting cock while his other hand brushes over his pucker and pushes inside.
John’s hands shake as he grips the arms of his chair.
! You know me. I know you. You had to have me. Well, here I am. I’m offering you my mind.”
“We? Is that necessary,” he says. “Despite what you said about my being able to leave whenever I wished, you’ve locked my door, guarded it.”
Sherlock decided he could risk it. He loved risks. And what was a bigger risk than sentiment? He would have John Watson again (and again and again). Only one obstacle needed to surmounted: John Watson was not (yet!) comfortable with his sexuality. While Sherlock had never been truly comfortable within his own skin, he'd never denied that he was gay. He never went out of his way to say he was gay, but he'd never denied it when asked.
people! Do you know how that set the world free? Me free? Not be subjected to a world filled with blithering idiots!”
“Oi. Sure will, doc.” He looks from John to Sherlock. “Anything I should know?”
“Mary was going to leave me.”
"Chemistry's is the largest lecture hall on campus," she said, "but I'm certain he wasn't there."
"Why?"
She pats his knee. “Still thinking you’re going to be saved? No one is coming. I have your mobile. John is sound asleep in bed. But I have come to keep you company in your final minutes.”
John gives Sherlock a grin and conspiritority nudges him in the ribs.
To be sure, it was an odd response on her part, but I decided to ignore it. Maybe she was just being eccentric. With that last name, she'd almost be fated to be a bit peculiar.
The only thing remotely appealing about a hot dog was John Watson's lips wrapped around one.
———————
Deciding he had found them all—at least in this area—he carried them with him back to his cabin. He was almost certain that Mother Nature would cover his trail, but to be safe, he decided to cover them. He cut a nice fat white pine branch and swished the snow around, wiping away his tracks. He also took the long way home, sweeping evidence away as he went. Sherlock hooked his arms through the chains of the iron traps. They swung and clanged together echoing off the hills as he carefully avoided the drifts.
Sherlock. The cat doesn’t seem to mind though.
“Next shot goes between your eyes unless you move that car,” John growls at the leader.
She crosses her arms and squints her eyes. “So if you came here alone, why was Watson, your blogger, on his way here to save you. ”
John frowns and purses his lips. “That means you’ve been in my room. Before. You’ve walked into my room and looked through my things and…”
“Blackbeard!” Sherlock interrupts. “His name is Blackbeard!”
I recall how he strutted around the bed like a male peacock around a hen.
Sherlock blew out a sigh of relief when John let him.
There’s a pinch and twinge in his shoulder. Even in first class seats, the three and a half hour ride fucks with him, but he’s too intent on what’s on his mobile to care.
It’s locked.
Even if John says he disapproves, John’s eyes tell Sherlock that if roles were reversed, John would indeed help his brother.
“I should be getting ready to go to hospital,” John interrupts.
had caught John's attention, yet he was politely pretending not to listen.
"No, it's not. We were unable to ascertain what her real name is. Most of the back stories for her identities fall apart before they reach back to her childhood. We aren't sure where she came from, but Mycroft suspects she was originally American."
To do that I much make Sophy believe. I want Greg and everyone else to think I don’t trust them. As for Lestrade, it will not seem so out of character on your part when you follow me now that he knows our...
“One moment, I’ll let him know you’re here. What is your name?”
“It hurts too much, Myc, take it away!” Sherlock’s younger version pleads. He recalls how white and spindly his legs were gathered beneath him, how the small treasure chest sat open between Myc and himself on rocks and sand of the beach.
"Hello, Mrs Hudson," Mycroft said through the phone.
“BLOOD?! Sherlock, I have to get you to the hospital-“ John didn’t even finish his sentence before Sherlock dashed into the toilet again. He sat on the floor for seconds, then coughed up the last bits of bile with all the strength he could muster. John dashed in, rubbing his back to try and calm him.
“PLEASE LET ME GO WITH HIM,” Sherlock yelled, his throat already rasping from crying and yelling, as he was held down by Lestrade as the paramedics hauled John into a stretcher.
“Is he showing any sign of breathing now?”
“Didn’t even eat,” Sherlock said between shallow breaths of air. He coughed into a tissue, accidentally letting John see he was coughing blood.
“If it wasn’t for you, I would be dead,” Sherlock said, trying to avert John’s gaze.
“What is this for? Behave!” John said, trying to wrench his arm out of Sherlock’s steely grasp.
John stared at him for a few seconds, shaken. He had never said thank you to him. He just approved of stuff with a murmur or a comment, never those two words that conveyed the simplest meanings. Perhaps because he thought they were sentimental, weak, a gesture that was done after being helped, which implied that the power was in another's hands.
“Take.. care of you-yourself,” John said, looking at Sherlock with his already foggy eyesight, using all his strength to put his weak hand on Sherlock’s cheek.
“221B Baker Street,”
Deep in his thoughts, Sherlock ignored him, his eyes closed, his hands gracefully placed together by the fingertips, only being disrupted by small bouts of coughing.
Sitting down on John’s bed, he slowly laid down on it, planting his face into the soft duvet. The scent of John’s shampoo still lingered in the layers of the duvet. It calmed him.
Slowly, I lowered myself into the cold water, face down, until I was totally submerged in it. I clapped my hands over my nose, and closed my eyes.
“Yeah… you better come over.. to Scotland Yard,” Lestrade said as he turned to the table that had evidence from 221B of Sherlock’s suicide, focusing on the disturbing message a scrap of paper that was held by Sherlock.
“Your medication, Mr. Holmes,”
“Not even idiots who don’t show emotion?” Sherlock asked, a smile creeping on his face.
He sleeps with me every evening, because I prefer that. I don’t have nightmares when he’s by my side.
Pieces of paper fluttered to the beat of the wind, sunshine beaming on the two armchairs. Walking slowly, Sherlock sunk into his dark leather chair, tucking up his legs, so that he was enveloped into the chair. John leaned on his armchair, ruffling his grey hair.
“Lestrade, help me, John’s been shocked by an electric cable and I- I don’t know what to do, help me, please,”
The rich and smooth sounds of violin playing wafted into John’s room, echoing through the walls. It was a waltz, the kind that you hear in romantic scenes in a movie. It was far different from what Sherlock played usually- deep, screeching tones that were made by thrusting the bow violently, the notes rigid and with most accuracy.
“Hello, is this Mr Holmes?” Lestrade said, as he paced back and forth in his office.
Stumbling into the bathroom, I started to fill up the bathtub with cold water. Ripping off my coat, I felt my forehead start to burn up, and the squirming feeling in my stomach arose. My ears started to develop a ringing sound that made my headache worsen. Feeling something travel up my throat, I wrenched the lid of the toilet open as I choked on my own vomit. Collapsing on the floor, I saw back spots form in the fringes of my vision.
“Say goodbye to your dear friend, Sherlock.” Moriarty smirked as Sherlock saw his arm swing down.
3 days later
“I’m s-sorry-“ John said before whimpering in pain, biting his lip in agony.
“Thanks,” Sherlock whispered.
“I will,” John said as he tenderly kissed Sherlock on the cheek.
“Yes,” mycroft responded, curious.
Unconsciousness.
“Yes?” Sherlock said, his eyebrows raised.
“Famed detective drowns to his death”
“Oh right, the wedding,” Sherlock said, enunciating “wedding” letter by letter.
“A- couple of weeks? Wait, you’re not letting me sol-“
“Goodbye, John. Do not come to find me.”
I jammed the door shut with a chair, as I pressed my ear to the door, hearing the whirring noises of the vacuum. Perfect. Mrs Hudson wouldn't hear me.
“I won’t, because I’m not solving cases unless I have an assistant,” Sherlock said, gently kissing John on the cheek as he finished the sentence.
"This is not a joke, Mrs Hudson. Don't you think it odd, for have you not seen John for three days?"
In a rage, I violently kicked the arm of John’s chair, sending it some inches back from me. Using my arms, I pushed it fiercely, until it toppled over in the far end of the room.
Hastily, I buttoned my arm collar as I heard Mrs Hudson bustling up the stairs.
“Fine.” Sherlock said, defeated by John. He slumped back into his pillows, pretending to be asleep as the doctor came in.
Edging closer to Sherlock, John held out his hand to touch Sherlock’s forehead.
“What?”
“Sherlock, close the door,” John said, turning his back.
“John,” Sherlock silently said, rubbing John’s tears away with his nimble fingers, cupping his face as he kissed him gently on the forehead.
John smiled at him, despite the pain he was in. Taking in rattling breaths, his body started to relax as the rise and fall of his chest stopped, his hand retracted from Sherlock’s as he slumped into Sherlock’s lap, unmoving.
“J-john,” Sherlock muttered, his eyelids trying to stay open, taking in shallow breaths.
Aggressively, I shoved him, but realised that there was nothing in front of me, but instead he was behind me, chuckling.
John dashed from the kitchen back to the bathroom with a cup, its contents steaming.
“Like- thi-“ John stopped mid-sentence as the door opened, Mrs Hudson standing in the doorway with tea. The room was silent, before Mrs Hudson walked to the coffee table and put down the tea.
It became unbearable. Had to breathe, I need oxygen. Oxygen. Breathe. Instead, I tightened the grip of my hand on my nose.
"I love you too."
“Yep! Come on, I’ll help you pack up,” John chimed as he got Sherlock to sit up.
I could imagine the headlines this would cause.
"We'll take the train bac-" John said,
"Kiss me, or I won't," John whispered.
“That’s it, let’s put you to rest,” Lestrade said as he gently carried Sherlock to the sofa.
"Yes," Sherlock mumbled, his lips creasing to form a smile.
“Because you only se-“
Oh right.
“You and me,”
“Medication…..”
No. I would just show sentimentality, which was the last thing I wanted to show in public. In front of John’s family. In front of John.
“…yeah, we’re in Notting Hill, Oxford Gardens….” John’s voice trailed away as Sherlock felt lightheaded. He never liked small spaces, and the fact that they were going to be stuck here for a while made him panicky, as he gripped the rails of the elevator with his sweaty palms tightly, trying to keep breathing normally.
“Okay. The nurse will give him his medications later, and I think he’ll be ready to go back home in a few days time, we’ll have to give you a nebuliser, just in case he can’t breathe normally all of a sudden,” the doctor assured John as he smiled and went away, his white coat swishing to the beat of his footsteps. John reminisced about the time that he wore that too, before ending up solving crimes.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, taking it down to observe the flowers, putting it back on afterwards. “I love it,”
“That’s it, look at me,” John said, gently luring Sherlock, his arm slowly extending to touch Sherlock’s shoulder. This time, Sherlock didn’t reject his touch, instead seeming to become more calm after John’s affirming hold.
The rubbery tube in my mouth...what is this?
“The East wind’s coming to kill you, Sherlock,” Mycroft taunted.
“John,” he whispered, waking John up with a start.
“Thank god, you scared me, Sherlock! Oh, Sherlock…” John whimpered, hugging Sherlock, his whole body shaking from the terror.
“Would you mind making one for me too? I’m gasping,” John said as he placed the keys on the table with a clunk.
For you, John. Just this once, I thought as I emptied the bland tasting peas into my mouth, barely chewing them as I gulped them down as fast as I could.
Thank god. Thank god. It was- just a dream. Just a dream. That was it.
“I HAVE TO-“ Sherlock said mid sentence as a paramedic injected a calming sedative into him, making him go slightly limp with weariness.
“I know I am just about to be married, we are practicing,” John said, still having his arm on Sherlock’s back.
“SHERLOCK? SHERLOCK, WHERE ARE YOU?” John screamed, the deadly silence in the flat making him fear the worst.
Mycroft’s hands trembled as he crumpled the paper in his fist, sighing deeply, a stake driven through his heart. How he wished to save him. But reality is cruel. Sherlock’s dead.
Closing his eyes, he felt Sherlock dip him slowly, as he leaned back. Sherlock pulled him back up, their eyes locked with each other.
“Thank you,” he mumbled as he placed the phone back onto the receiver.
“But honestly, go take a bath.” John ordered.
Wait, I thought, as I got down and scribbled on a piece of paper. I clutched it in my hand firmly, the edges digging into my skin.
“N-nothing, I-I was just looking at j-jobs?” John said, frantically clicking on another tab that was open.
Moriarty taunted, emerging from the darkness, his arm clamping on-
“Great, drink some more,” John said.
Do not show sentiment.
In shame, Sherlock tried to speak, but he found it impossible, as if he didn't speak before. He only felt tears slip down his cheek uncontrollably.
“Spare keys in your garden,” Sherlock said as if it was no big deal.
“I’m fine now,” Sherlock said, still coughing lightly, waving his hand to indicate he was okay.
———————-
“Okay.” John said, a bit uneasy.
Unexpectedly, Sherlock leaned towards John as he pressed his lips into John’s.
Sherlock refused to go with John, to see someone who he loved dearly-
“How is that fine? Look at me.” John demanded as he approached Sherlock.
Letting out a gasp, it was muffled by his uneven breaths as he let down silent tears. He was alone. So alone. Did John even see that?
Fast is what he gets. The abrupt build-up of sensation is borderline painful, but it seems he likes that edge of danger because he only spreads his legs wider and arches into John’s hand, mouth open and chest heaving; there isn’t enough air, there never will be, John’s personal sun has burned it all away.
The words are whispered, but Sherlock hears them as though they were breathed directly into his ear. Without pause, he strides forward until John lifts a hand palm out, instructing him to stop mere feet away.
“Don’t apologize,” he said, and when she glanced up his dark eyes were wide—she’d never met anyone who could be so openly sincere as Lucifer.
“Sorry, sir,” the man said, giving a single nod.
Dan met them at Chloe’s desk an hour later. “This isn’t the first one,” he said, wincing and tossing down a file of photos and paperwork Chloe knew for a fact she didn’t want to see. She picked it up anyway. “There have been dozens of these murders all across the U.S, and just as many overseas, just in the last week. The Lieutenant just got off the phone with some contact of hers in the U.K, apparently he and a couple of his agents will be coming here to work with us.”
“This is
“Half past six,” Sherlock answered.
He nodded, more to himself than her, and tried to pick up a mouthful of his noodle-mush. It promptly plopped straight back into the container. Lucifer stared down at it like an offended cat, all wide disbelieving eyes. Chloe snorted, almost choking on her own mouthful of food, and then they were laughing like a pair of complete idiots and didn’t stop for what was probably an absurd amount of time.
“What time is it?”
Sherlock blinked, pulled in a sharp breath, and said the last thing John expected. “Haven’t a clue.”
Mycroft sighed. He leaned back and crossed his ankle over his knee. He was wearing less than usual—the dress pants and clean white shirt were present, but nothing else of his usual three-piece suit. The top two buttons were even undone—for Mycroft, it was downright casual.
“Oh, oh!” Ella scurried away from the table and came back with a packet of slim, brightly colored sticky labels. “Here!”
“Well, that’s annoying,” he muttered as he dug out his phone.
John snorted and Sherlock fought a grin for all he was worth. Mycroft stared at them both, heaved a sigh, and waved them into the car.
Moonlight has washed out the colors of the landscape, leaving only a monochrome of grey. Sherlock often thinks of himself as monochrome—one talent, one fierce focus, one true love; The Work. Everything he does, everything he is, it’s just another shade of the same color. It’s easier that way.
Anxiety sinks into the background as the need turns to madness. Clothes are torn away, offensive, horrid things, keeping John’s eyes from properly seeing him. By the time he is naked he is also hard; his cock twitches when John reaches out and taps the pad of his index finger to the head. It sends a shock skittering across the surface of Sherlock’s skin—more a reaction to being touched at all than to the touch itself.
(“What the bloody hell are we doing here, Sherlock?”
Chloe nodded because of course it was, why would they make it that easy for them. “Okay, Lucifer, let’s get this sorted out and start doing some research, see if there’s anything besides, you know, the literal devil that’s making them target L.A.”
Sherlock made a dismissive noise and jammed the key in the lock. “He’s just a show-off.”
like Mycroft!” Sherlock barked, but John barely heard him.
A man in an all-black suit stood behind the rope. He was oddly pale in comparison to the various shades of tan and dark skin being shown off to varying degrees in the long line (works nights, doesn't get out much during the day, said a voice in John's mind that sounded disturbingly like Sherlock). He had a crew cut and a stern face, made all the more stern by a square jaw and posture that screamed prior military service. This did exactly nothing to deter Sherlock, who bypassed the line and jumped right over the rope before the man could stop him. Sighing, John picked up his pace. He arrived just in time to hear Sherlock drop Mycroft’s name, and for the man to step back.
Maze had that pinched look of mixed irritation and murder that meant she’d been trying to get his attention for at least five minutes. Oops. “What are you staring at?”
Sherlock woke a little after seven. He’d slept nude just to spite Mycroft, and now he wrapped himself in the sheet and padded barefoot into the kitchen. The light was already on, and John was leaning back against the countertop, barefoot, rubbing the palm of his hand into his eyes as he yawned. To his right, the old, iron kettle was just beginning to emit steam, and two of the tea cups from last night were already waiting on the counter.
“Every single one of them has a special room in Hell if they’re here for me,” Lucifer growled. “And even if they’re not, they still do. Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Whatever that was, at least it bothered him.
“Is this glitter?”
“You don’t know everything about me, Sherlock,” he said with an insufferable air of smugness. “Drink that. You’ll need the rest.”
“Sherlock,” John murmurs. He pulls in a stuttering breath and curls his hand fully around Sherlock’s cock, gives it the lightest squeeze and a single stroke. Sherlock gasps and flings his head back, staring sightlessly at the starless sky.
Sherlock drew in a deep breath and shifted just enough to cast John a sidelong look. “You’re staring at me.”
Sherlock snorted. John slid a hand over his eyes and groaned at the floor. Chloe cast them both a glance over her shoulder, then abruptly stepped up to John’s side and leaned in to mock-whisper, “So, is your partner as bad as mine?”
“Maybe they’re trying to open a hellmouth?” Ella grinned in that way she did when she was making a reference that almost always went right over Chloe’s head.
“Please,” Sherlock hisses, just a single word because he can’t tell John what he wants—not when he’s still processing it himself.
He spun around so he could lean back against the bar, whiskey in hand. The song changed, something he didn’t recognize with a fast beat that made several people on the dance floor cheer. Probably something new, then. He rather liked it, actually—enough so that he considered going out for a dance.
“Oh, I do hope so.” Lucifer sighed, leaning back against the bar and imagining the man spread out over his bed—still dressed, because this was the sort of person he’d unwrap slowly, savoring every revealed inch.
“Brother dear! Now, don’t panic—”
“Lucifer!” As usual, he did what he wanted and Chloe sighed, rolled her eyes, and followed him to Ella’s office, where he was opening a map of the U.S. she’d apparently given him.
“I don’t know.” John crossed his arms and leaned back against the wall, tipping his head back to stare up at the dark ceiling. “We did call Mycroft a queen in Buckingham.”
He’s so bright, as though the sun has taken up residence within his hair and his eyes and his smile.
Maybe, but sending agents all this way when they could investigate from their end seemed a bit extreme. Unless they knew something, though that could still be communicated over the phone. Putting it aside for now, Chloe shuffled through the files, each one the same—the pentagram, the hearts, the position, all of it. “If they’re custom ordering these pentagrams, maybe we can track down the company or artist that made them?”
And because Lucifer had some sort of preternatural sense of the best (or worst) possible moment to make a grand entrance like the drama queen he was, that was when he chose to step up beside Chloe and groan, “Oh, bloody hell!”
He stared at Mycroft. Mycroft stared back, smiling faintly.
Mycroft emerged just as John was sitting down, but declined John’s offer to make some more eggs. He was fully dressed in his usual suit, though his umbrella remained stubbornly absent.
A man had just moved abruptly away from the bar, and appeared to be heading straight for them. John snapped to attention, hand hovering automatically toward the gun he wasn’t carrying. Sherlock didn’t move, but considering the man deliberately dove head-first into danger on a regular basis, that wasn’t exactly reassuring.
Sherlock wants to speak, but his tongue is heavy in his mouth. He is a cold thing, a creature of the mind; there is no room for John outside The Work, yet the sight of his golden friend leaves him aching to be brought into his body.
“See anything?” John yelled over the noise, leaning in close to be better heard.
…or both.
It rang five times before Amenadiel said, “Hello?” just a bit too sharply—he hadn’t warmed up to cell phones the way Lucifer had.
“Not yet, so far the scene is squeaky clean.”
Twenty-seven seconds later, the man rushed by them and John, scowling, slapped a tenner in Sherlock’s waiting palm. Smirking, Sherlock slipped it into his left pocket.
“Uh, sure, okay.” Chloe shrugged because why not, if nothing else it would be fun to hang out, and she’d probably need some friends and silliness after this mess. “Sounds good. For now, have you found anything?”
Dan shrugged. “I dunno. Maybe they think this… cult, or whatever it is, is based here?”
This was why Chloe liked him so much, weirdness and all. Because damn if he didn’t make her laugh and forget, if only for a few minutes, about the mutilated body they’d left only half an hour ago.
Mind racing and eager to get started, Sherlock stood so fast he almost forgot about his sheet, which slid down his shoulders and pooled dangerously low on his hips before he caught it. Mycroft rolled his eyes to the ceiling and left them there, while John’s eyes skittered over Sherlock’s chest before darting quickly away.
Sherlock snorted softly. He didn’t see why everyone was so convinced he needed to be taken care of, anyway.
Like every time he came across a sleepy John (or John in any sort of vulnerable state, really), a warm knot grew in his chest and expanded, slow but steady, until it was nearly impossible to stand still. He was never quite sure what this urge was, but he did know it was out of his control and that was unacceptable. To distract himself, he gave John a quick once-over—slept soundly, but could have used a couple more hours. Called his sister and work as soon as he woke up. No night terrors, but the slight crease between his brows suggested at least a bad dream, or one of the calls went poorly. Oh, of course. They’d let him go at the clinic. Well, that was bound to happen sooner or later, though Sherlock had been counting on later—he hadn’t come up with a decent excuse yet for where all the money Mycroft had been giving him to give to John had come from. John didn’t like hand-outs, and he wouldn’t see “taking care” of Sherlock as real work the way Mycroft seemed to.
John gave a single nod and marched toward the kitchen. Just before he disappeared, he leaned back and caught Sherlock’s gaze.
“Mycroft is sending our things.”
"Don't be daft," he said. "Why else would we be walking in that direction?"
Maybe he shouldn’t have said that. Being thoughtful could become something Molly, and others, might come expect from him. He doesn’t want that. At least he didn’t. His mobile vibrates. John will be down momentarily.
"Hmph, if you insist. Throw me the cords," Sherlock says.
“It was a spontaneous decision,” John explains. John bends down and puts away potatoes in the bottom of the cupboard.
“But...”
“Mycroft, do have some respect for the woman who almost killed me, and who’s inadvertently discovered who was behind Pandora,” Sherlock says. “Sophy, I want to thank you for giving me the missing piece of information I needed. I may tell you myself after I’ve confirmed it.”
“He’s kind and loves you very much,” she says, and the driver barks out a laugh.
When John gasped and his hips jerked sporadically, Sherlock's hips hitched as his cock spurted into his hand. He'd made a bit of a mess of himself. He should change the sheets. Instead, he rolled away from the wet spot and went to sleep.
I close my eyes, take a breath, and assess.
A large range of variables were listed. John eyed the extensive list. Subjects were divided into the usual by age, socio, and economic groups, but also included other interesting inclusions, such as how many hours spent watching television per day and how many times per week they dined out.
We feed the ducks and swans. John and I sit next to each other on a bench and watch Rosie toss in the crumbs of bread. John says that the bright blue skies with wispy cirrus clouds seem to watch from above. When I was a child, like many children I would see animals in the shapes of them. Now I only note them to ascertain if I can predict rain.
"You investigated after you heard Brutus barking and growling in the kitchen," he began. "As you neared the kitchen, those barks and growls became yelps and whimpers. You opened the door to find a grizzly sight: a man standing in the kitchen with the butcher's cleaver in hand, poor Brutus hacked to bits."
Sherlock thought.
It was when John lost his father to the bar all weekend that John felt his life began to grow darker. His dad lived at John's Tavern. When John was younger, he'd thought he liked the idea of a tavern with his name. It was almost like his dad was hanging out with him. But he came to hate the place as the years passed. He'd lost his dad to John's Tavern.
Quickly, Sherlock caught up and fell into step beside John. They walked down a short hallway that emptied into a sunken living room. There was an open fireplace along the west wall, unlit. A pair of rust-red couches sat across from each other at a comfortable distance from the hearth—a stained, wooden coffee table sat between them. The tongue-and-groove walls were lined with bookshelves, and in the opposite corner from the fireplace was an armchair, a lamp, and a small end table bearing an empty mug. The carpets were a deep brown. The dark colors made the space seem small and, Sherlock supposed, cozy. It felt more like something John would like than Mycroft.
“Yeah.” John turned to look at Sherlock and gave him one of those smiles, the one that was soft around the mouth and bright in the eyes. “Mine, too.”
Whatever Mycroft said, it made Sherlock’s eyes light up and a slow grin curl into his lips like a stretching cat, rested and ready to pounce. He listened for a few more minutes, then hung up without saying a word.
“There’s really nothing for us to do right now,” Chloe said, though she didn’t stop him from sliding into the passenger seat. “Want to get some lunch?”
Sherlock knows he has a peculiar sort of beauty, has even used it to his advantage on occasion, but it’s never been important before. The need for John to look at him and see a man worthy of wanting, in body as much as mind, gnaws at his nerves until the proof presents itself; dilated pupils, lips parting to allow a sharp intake of breath, a narrowing of eyes and focus as John takes a step closer to him.
“Morning,” Sherlock replied. He watched as John took the kettle off the stove and filled the cups. “You lost your job.”
“You think there’s a pattern,” Chloe said, watching as both of them started marking cities.
“He’s already here,” Sherlock warned John.
The building was enormous, but Sherlock found his way through halls and down a flight of stairs without much difficulty, John right on his heels. Mycroft was waiting for them at the base of said stairs, leaning on his umbrella. Next to him was a tall woman who was clearly the Lieutenant, and a shorter blond woman with a tight pony-tail and an expression that demanded no nonsense.
“…fine, I’ll kill you later.”)
how have you not seen Buffy the Vampire Slayer? You’d love it! We’re having a marathon as soon as this nightmare is over.”
The door slammed open so hard it bounced off the opposite wall. “I am
Maze gave a sort of shrug with her mouth and brows, tipping her head in acknowledgement. “I’d do him,” she admitted. “But pretty sure that one’s gay as hell.”
“I think…” Lucifer trailed off as he stuck several over one particular spot on the map. He didn’t say anything more because he didn’t need to.
sort of motion. When no words were forthcoming, Chloe glanced up to find him frowning down at her.
“There’s been another?” John prompted as he caught up to Sherlock, waving his unfairly magic hand into the street—the man never had a taxi pass him by. Ever. It wasn’t natural.
He returned twenty minutes later with two steaming paper cups. John finally blinked awake when Sherlock held the black tea, milk no sugar, directly under his nose. Yawning, he took the cup and nodded gratefully to Sherlock, sighing contentedly when he took a sip.
Mycroft smiled triumphantly. “Your room is next to John’s. I bid you goodnight.”
“No.”
“This is nice,” John said appreciatively. He approached one of the couches and ran a hand over it, humming his contentment at what was surely a soft material.
“So far,” the driver replied. “Straight to Lux? Or did you need to stop off somewhere first?”
“Oh, sorry! Are you his boyfriend?” The man’s smile only seemed to grow at the idea. “I do apologize, but you needn’t worry, you’re very attractive yourself. We could all have some fun.”
Taking a seat at the edge of the couch closest to the kitchen, Mycroft poured a golden tea into a white cup with yellow roses around the edge, and added two sugars. He placed it on the opposite side of the coffee table, then poured another cup and sat back. Sherlock wasn’t fooled—Mycroft normally put three sugars in his tea, and four in his coffee. He was on another diet, then.
The property was as surprisingly small as the house. The yard was neat, with freshly cut grass that had clearly seen water on a daily basis, visible in the floodlights placed strategically around the walls and the yellow glow from the streetlamps. There were two palm trees growing to either side of the gate, and on either side of the door were well-trimmed rose bushes. It was all far too symmetrical, too clean for Sherlock’s tastes, but it screamed Mycroft at the top of its proverbial lungs.
Sherlock pushed the door open, and the sounds that had been nothing more than a thump outside rushed out to swallow John whole. The current song was something hip-hopish that John didn’t recognize, turned up loud enough to thrum just beneath his skin, but not so loud that he couldn’t hear the chatter of people as he and Sherlock descended the stairs and began to weave through the dance floor. Most of the people John saw were dressed up for their night out, fancy dresses and suits and too-tight jeans, and even a few other glitter-dusted faces (though, he biasly though, not so artfully applied as Sherlock), but there were also a few people dressed more plainly, sprawled with a drink across couches and chairs placed in a sunken section of the room, or leaning against the bar, and not everyone was model-level gorgeous. It made John feel a little less self-conscious, with his plain face and even plainer clothes.
,” he said, and he could feel that smile curling into his lips, the one that made John look at him with equal parts fascination and worry.
Wait.
“Mmm.” Sherlock casually slithered to his feet and sat several seats down. “Exactly. Ancient.”
He was just taking another sip, which put him in that position of not-so-coyly watching over the edge of his glass, when the man saw him. Blue eyes narrowed as they danced over Lucifer’s face and body, then abruptly widened as full lips formed a small “oh!” of surprise. The man immediately turned to his companion and gave him the same once-over, nodded to himself in apparent satisfaction, then whirled back around to face Lucifer. This time they locked eyes, but the man appeared to have none of the usual human sense of shame and proceeded to do exactly as he’d done before.
“This is the boring bit.” Lucifer waved his hand at the paperwork now strewn all over Ella’s workspace. “I’ll be back tomorrow!”
She heard her name as though she were underwater, distant and garbled. A blink, a shake of her head, and suddenly she was aware of a hand over hers—large, warm, a loose enough grip to easily shake off, though she didn’t want to. It felt like the safest point in the room and she reached for it, curled her other hand around the wrist and held on.
A sound erupted behind the door that John was almost certain was a cut off laugh. Shaking his head, John leaned back against the wall, arms crossed and foot tapping impatiently. He might tease, but really, he envied Sherlock’s ability to go from a lazy mess to perfectly put-together, no matter how long it might take. Besides, he was very curious to see this new look. The shirt wasn’t really all that unusual, and John had seen him in jeans before, but that blue glitter had been on his mind since he picked the bottle up from the bed. It was something John would never be able to pull off on himself, but Sherlock already had such an ethereal quality about him that it almost seemed like a natural addition.
that was it, Lucifer was going. He abandoned his whiskey, straightened his jacket, and strode straight toward the man with the sound of Maze’s deep chuckle of approval trailing behind him.
“I stare at you a lot,” John defended himself. Which was true, though really not a great defense, now that he thought about it. Just one bloke staring at another, nothing to see here.
Lucifer already had his hands pressed together and his eyes closed before he remembered Amenadiel couldn’t hear him anymore.
The air is cold. He notices this in the way he often notices injury through adrenaline. He knows the pain is there, waiting with its sharp claws and eager fangs, but he cannot yet feel it. Curious, he opens his mouth and huffs a deliberate breath. Steam forms, writhes with brief life, and dissipates.
Even if it does… he grasps John’s arms, digs his fingers in until John hisses and bends to nip his throat in retaliation.
Sherlock just gave him The Look—the one where he would half roll his eyes and arch his brow as if to silently say really, John, you haven’t learned my methods by now? At first, John desperately wanted to punch him in the face every time he used it, but lately there were a few differences—a crinkle to the corners of his eyes, a slight lift to his lips—and now it just made John laugh and shake his head, yes, of course, how dare he question the great Sherlock Holmes.
What a whimsical thought.
“She wasn’t killed here,” Ella said. She sounded so calm, almost cheerful. Chloe envied that ability.
A loud snore was his only answer. Chuckling, Sherlock adjusted John so he was slouched slightly in the seat, head resting as comfortably as it could against the top of the plastic chair, before leaving him to get them something to drink.
“Lucifer, of course I do,” she finally murmured. The whole devil metaphor he insisted on living in was confusing and, at times, overwhelming, but the gems of genuine Lucifer that she got to see made it worth it every time. She hoarded them like a dragon, becoming increasingly protective of them and him the more she received.
“Behave,” he said sternly, and then grinned and disappeared before Sherlock could hurl any insults at him.
“Dreadfully boring,” John agreed, grinning openly. “I’m going to make toast and eggs. You’re going to eat some.”
He left before Sherlock could answer, and Sherlock almost put it all on, glitter included, just to be petty. Then again, while John calling him childish could be funny, Mycroft doing it was unbearable, so he put on his usual suit instead.
The Lieutenant came over to pull Chloe aside, and Mycroft stepped into Chloe’s place, if not quite as close. “There, introductions made, alliances forged,” he said, sounding like a parent explaining something complex to a child in the simplest terms he could find. “Now, if you’ll follow me.”
“I’m going to throw you into traffic! Clothes, Sherlock. Packing. It’s a thing that needs to be done before one goes somewhere!”
“I’m not talking to your brother because you can’t be bothered to turn your ringer on,” John insisted, shoving the phone into Sherlock’s chest.
John sucked in a sharp breath and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, nothing had magically changed—the body was still there, the police were still milling about, and there was Sherlock, still prowling on his hands and knees around the body, lips parted and eyes wide—his pupils had been dilated when John walked away, though he couldn’t see them at this distance.
Maze seemed torn between irritation at the potential Hell breakout and intrigue. She kept asking Lucifer to describe the photos to her and looking just a tad too turned on for his tastes—at least, until he informed her that at least some of those people, of not most of them, were innocents. She’d been here long enough now, made enough friends (which was still the oddest thought) that she abruptly went silent and started handling her knives a little too much for comfort.
Sherlock blinked. “Thank you?”
“What, that’s it?” Sherlock stepped in beside his brother, glaring intently at his face but finding no tics to exploit. “We drove two hours for that?”
“Oh oh yeah, how would your character react to this?” Ella asked, bouncing in place on her toes. “I mean, you seem way more ‘sympathy for the devil’ than ‘chaos and destruction’ devil, so I’m guessing…?”
Sherlock simply nodded.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said severely. “I’m serious.”
“Old man,” Sherlock teased, barely holding back a smile.
“Whacked.” Chloe let herself shudder, just once, before she shook her head and turned away—there was nothing more she could learn from staring into the dead woman’s eyes. “Anything on the body?”
Because there was no one else there to see, Sherlock flipped him off and stomped out of the room.
“Oh my
The snort made John glance up, and he smiled when he saw Sherlock. “Morning.”
Without looking away, Lucifer took a sip from the whiskey glass he’d all but forgotten he was holding.
“Right, then,” John sighed, thumping his head back against the wall. “Don’t know why I…”
“Yes.” There was a sea god on the front gate, of course Mycroft owned it. Sherlock swung the gate open and strode inside, not bothering to check if John shut the gate behind them. John always shut the things that Sherlock left wide open.
“I’m with him,” John panted, and after receiving a confirming nod, the man detached the rope and let John through.
A warning bell goes off in his mind, but he quells it for now, perhaps even for good. The Work might become a bit more difficult in the future, but if the trade-off is John’s heavy-lidded gaze, his smile and his fingers dancing up Sherlock’s side, lust satiated yet body still hungry for touch…
Even if it does, John is the one thing in the world that would be worth it.
The man blinked, but didn’t take his eyes off Lucifer. “
Lucifer poured himself a whiskey and, almost as an afterthought, poured one for Maze as well. It seemed to mean something to her when he did it, and though he couldn’t quite figure out what it was it certainly didn’t hurt him to make the effort. “I don’t know,” he said only after he’d sipped away half the glass. “We’ll deal with that if we find out it’s true, I suppose.”
This was personal, there was no question of that. It was difficult to see, but Sherlock found the answer in the slightest flexing of Mycroft’s fingers, the twitch as he aborted a tap of his foot. A thousand possibilities rushed through Sherlock’s mind, but there wasn’t enough data to make any of them stick. He had to give Mycroft credit; he’d piqued Sherlock’s curiosity.
“I will give you the details tomorrow,” Mycroft said, apparently taking pity on him. “If you sleep.”
“Money?”
Forget the British government—John was starting to suspect that Mycroft was the world government. As if the man needed to be any more terrifying.
The Cheshire grin somehow grows. “They’re sacrifices, John. We’re dealing with a cult.”
Grinning, John turned more fully toward her. “How bad is yours?”
“We don’t have any leads yet,” Chloe said, ignoring the second half of his statement. Despite the fact that she knew they meant different things, she was heartily in agreement with the first half. “But hopefully they left some sort of evidence on the body.”
It takes him a moment to realize he is afraid. His long fingers shake as they work at the buttons of his black silk shirt, his heart flutters against its cage of bone. Every limb feels hollow with dread, muscle scooped out and replaced with jittery nerves that zip about unrestrained just beneath his skin. His shirt flutters away and he breathes through the anxiety of John’s eyes roving hungrily over his bared torso.
Mycroft gazed at him over the rim of his cup, soft and disappointed, and Sherlock hated himself but he looked away. The (tiny) part of him that still hero-worshipped his older brother curled up and attempted to spontaneously die.
Sherlock used every acting skill he possessed to pretend he didn’t give a single damn about the not-so-subtle conversation. Mycroft still caught his eye and smiled in a way that was almost non-existent to most, but to Sherlock it was a full, delighted grin. The child in him wanted to kick Mycroft in the shins. The adult wanted to kick him somewhere decidedly worse.
