Dean’s hole twitched, and he had to stifle a surprised gasp in the crook of his elbow, lest he alert Castiel to what he was doing. His hand quickened, wondering what it would feel like to have a tongue –
“Alright, guess I’m heading to the campsite, then.”
“The water pressure was dogshit,” Dean replied, because he didn’t really know how else to respond without catapulting himself into a panic attack. He was tired, right down to his bones, and flopped face first onto the other side of the bed with a small sigh. “This mattress is ass.”
“Exactly,” Cas nodded, and seemed mightily pleased with his detective work.
He was by his side in an instant, flamethrower tucked up against his back as he leaned over to assess the true horror of the situation. There was blood everywhere – the sheets, the floor, Cas. He’d been stripped to his underwear, his skin unnaturally pale in the moonlight peeking through a window on the far wall, but the skin of his right wrist was raw where it had been bound to the headboard by the same handcuffs Dean had found only hours ago on their first inspection of the house.
“But it’s
“That Cas is safe, no, I know,” Sam finished for him, voice gentler than before. “But it’s a start, right? You just – shit, Dean, you can’t let it get in your head, okay? Before anything else – before
“This one looks pretty good,” he announced, feeling the need to fill the silence with something. “We’re gonna have to keep an eye on the infection, but it won’t need stitches. Lift your arm a little? It needs covering.”
“And you know what,” he adds. “Even if you don’t give him back to me, I’ll keep trying. I’ll never quit. I’ll try again, and again, and again. You’ll never be able to sleep again. I’ll wake you up every day of my life, and even after that. I need him. I
“It wasn’t Jack,” Dean cut in. “Billie sent him there. God and she turned him into a bomb.”
Dean is not a man of words, never has been. He is a man of action.
was Castiel supposed to answer to that? ‘Fancy indeed, since I fancy you?’ That was something Balthazar would say, he knew that, but Castiel was no Balthazar.
. Or perhaps because now that he’d said the truth once, he needed to say it again, and Cas wasn’t there to hear the words.
“Yeah,” he scoffed, trying his best to sound dismissive, to make the sheer idea that
Castiel hesitated. He felt feeble and unsteady on his legs. And his grace – his grace was weak, weaker than in the past months. “Dean, you should get out of here.”
“It’s not fair, Jack.” It should have been an explosion of rage, a scream, but all that came out was a pleading, broken whisper. “He should be alive. He should be happy. And -- and I think I could make him happy. I don’t deserve it, and I don’t understand how he could even be happy with me, but -- but that’s what he said. We can’t leave him there. He needs to come back. To have a real life.”
“See Michael and Adam? They’re not soulmates. But the way they look at each other? The way Michael changed after meeting Adam and the way Adam found himself after finding him?
“Dean,” Cas whispered, almost frantically. His hands grabbed Dean’s hips, and Dean was now riding Cas, and he couldn’t tell whether it was Cas who was rocking Dean against him or if Cas was just holding him or if maybe they were moving in sync. It was frantic, it was messy, it was too much and too little, it was perfect; it was Cas moaning his name over and over again and Dean groaning and being unable to stop and the friction between their cocks and Cas’s body between his thighs -- Cas was going nowhere, Cas was securely held there -- and everything was hot and--
He won’t quit until Cas is alive and next to him. Or until Cas is in his arms. Dean will keep him embraced forever; he doesn’t think he’ll be able to let go of Cas any time soon. Suddenly, the idea of hugging Cas – keeping him close – touching him – doesn’t seem as forbidden as it used to be. It only sounds good, and real. It’s something Dean can have, can allow himself to have.
“Yeah.”
Castiel looked down, uncertain. He didn’t know how to answer. “Maybe.” He wasn’t in love, not yet – but his stomach fluttered and his heart swelled at the memory of Dean’s voice and smile, and he wanted to see him again, he wanted to turn this silly little crush into love, maybe, if that was allowed.
Chapter 4 was a little longer than planned, so there'll be 5 chapters instead of 4 :) more Destiel for you!
Dean looked at him harshly. He looked... hurt. “You should have told us.”
Dean was laughing; the sound was prettier than the music. “I bet you saw a lot of unique weddings.”
“Dean – I’m sorry. I did what I had to do.”
Or perhaps it was just the soulmark speaking, he thought as he rubbed his chest, on the spot over his heart where his soulmark was inked into his skin, deeper and more eternal than any tattoo, for better or for worse. It was burning like the pits of hell – it did that often, and of course it had to choose a wedding to manifest itself.
He doesn’t know that Cas is aware that Dean is battling with himself. What Cas does not know, though, is what Dean is currently fighting with. He has seen this type of inner fight in Dean before – often, actually. He has come to recognise it. It usually happens when Dean is torn between singing along to a Taylor Swift song, or pretending he hates it; or when Dean knows something about anything remotely intellectual, but doesn’t dare say it. But what war could be raging inside Dean’s heart right now? Cas is confused.
“You’re not broken. Cas, you’re – you’re the best thing that has ever happened to me.”
They laughed uncontrollably as Dean tried and failed to remove Cas’s trench coat in what he had intended to be a smooth, sexy movement.
Claire – she was the one who had screamed as soon as he had ended his tale – glowered at him from the armchair where she was entangled with Kaia, who looked a little
Castiel loved their Sunday breakfasts. It was the only morning in the week when they all had a day off (or didn’t have to go to school, in Jack’s, Kaia’s and Claire’s cases). They all sat around the suddenly crowded kitchen table in their pyjamas, ate the food Gabriel (the house’s best cook) prepared for them, and told each what they had been up to during the week.
The careful step he takes on the ground doesn’t make noise either. He doesn’t know where to go. He’s lost. Even more lost than when Cas left him.
“Cas, how--” Sam asked when he broke the hug. “How did you-?”
Then, it looks as if he is about to say something, and Cas wants to delay the fatal moment just a little. So he ask, “Did
, but didn’t
Dean’s strange jokes were pick-up lines, the international expert on lame pick-up lines had said they were...  Castiel’s heart was beating hard in his chest like a bird trying to leap out of its nest, dying to get close to Dean, to hug him, kiss him, touch him, and if he was smooth enough, he would be able to do it, that was something that could
“What time do you finish work tomorrow?” Cas asked in spite of himself. It was too soon for a date, he could wait a day or two—
“I - what?"
Dean – Dean can’t believe. He’s done it.
“If he breaks your heart I’ll destroy his life,” Meg declared. (Threats were Meg’s way of showing people she loved them.)
The song that was playing was a catchy one; perhaps that was a good thing they didn’t go for a slow dance immediately.
He deserves better than Dean, too, but maybe that shouldn’t matter. Maybe they should just take what they want and be happy, and fuck all the rest.
That was what they were all saying, and they were right. Naomi, Metatron, Chuck, Zachariah, Raphael, all of them. If they had been laughing and taunting him, perhaps he would have believed they were monsters too. But as it were, their faces were long and serious, their words cutting and concerned and bitter.
Cas loves him.
When this is over, when Cas is back, Dean will do something nice for Rowena. He doesn’t know what yet, but he will.
“You were! You are,” Dean exclaims quickly. “I meant – I mean – Cas, never die again. Never sacrifice yourself again. Please.”
And yet Cas – this unique, beautiful angel that no fate can bend – does love him.  How has Dean managed that – how is that even possible that Cas, bigger-than-life Cas, fell in love with him? he thinks, awed. And yet it is the truth. Cas – Cas can be his, and he can be Cas’s. If –
“Yes?” Cas asked, perking up, attentive as always.
Castiel took a mouthful of cake in order to avoid any further questions. His story always seemed... bland and uninteresting when he told the short version of it. It didn’t convey the poetry of shapes, the immortalising of the ephemeral, the beauty of capturing the littlest things that had drawn him to photography in the first place. But the long (and uneventful) version of the story would take too much time, and no one liked listening to Castiel for very long – apart from his family.
“I’m bad at metaphors.”
“Hey, Cas!” Dean’s voice boomed in the empty church backyard, a striking contrast with the almost holy silence.
want to?” Cas interrupted, his hand still drawing circles on Dean’s ribs and making him shiver.
Now was not the moment to speak of Gabriel’s love life, though. If Gabriel didn’t talk about it openly, then Castiel had no right to press the matter.
They tumbled through the rift and landed brutally on the floor of Dean’s room.
Cas couldn’t quite believe it. All this love in Dean’s eyes... And it was for him, for him,
“I am, too,” Castiel assured him, propping himself up.
Nonetheless, Cas is weak when it comes to Dean, so he lets himself enjoy every little detail of it: Dean’s arms around his shoulders, one of his hands between Cas’s shoulder blades and the other on the base of Cas’s skull, in his hair (
, or that there is a longing, a desire, an affection in Dean’s eyes and voice that there is for no one else. Of course, it has always been but Castiel’s selfish, stupid desires. This time, too, could be but a trick his heart is playing on him.
“We have a very easy way to sort it all out,” Charlie said. “You just have to ask him!” She smiled proudly  at Dean as if she’d come up with the solution to world poverty.
He can still feel things, though. He feels the material of his shirt on his skin. He can touch his cheek and feel his fingers. There’s that.
Dean didn’t even care what the place looked like. What mattered was Cas and their wedding.
“Dean,” he sighs.
Dean doesn’t have to worry, though: Cas will never ask anything of him, ever. That Dean came for him is more than he needs, more than he hoped for. Cas just hopes his confession will not taint things between them, that Dean and he will not grow apart. That things will be different (that Dean will look at him differently, will want a distance between them) is what terrifies Castiel most.
“Well, not everybody does. I guess we’re lucky we found you. And, um, and Rowena too, of course,” he hurried to add. “She’s great. Scary, but great. And she does all kindsa stuff, no problem.”
No way he was leaving Cas -- Cas, who confessed his love to him, Cas, with whom he had never had a chance to begin what they both wanted -- in this slimy Mega Hell where he’d dream about his regrets forever. Nope. Not happening. Plus Dean met the Empty, and that wasn’t good company.
Castiel pocketed his phone. They were right, and he didn’t like it.
“That typo was really funny, I don’t understand why she didn’t like it,” Charlie went on. “‘Aygust’ instead of ‘August’... It spells “gay UST” if you scramble the letters, that’s funny! I know you liked it,” she said, giving Dean’s shoulder a swat. “When he saw it in his mailbox and opened it, he laughed so much he fell off his chair.”
“Ooooh. Is Rowena over her defeat yet?”
“There was no way to break this curse.”
“Did you dress up? What are you even dressed up as?”
Dean waited all of one week after they defeated Chuck.
He can always count on himself for asking the very thing he doesn’t want to know, only to keep Dean’s “no” from coming.
,” Jack whispered softly. “I can’t bring him back.” But then he looked Dean in the eye, and smiled. “But you can.”
The wet towel Dean was using came back drenched in blood. That was when Cas noticed that his clothes were soaked with it too. His heart gave a pang of regret for his loyal trench-coat and his tie. He had grown used to them, as stupid as it was to get attached to the ephemeral and the unimportant. But after all, Cas had always been more human than angel, or so everybody said. He wasn’t entirely sure it was something he regretted being.
A knock on the door distracted Dean from his self-inspection in the mirror.
to be captured by Dean, to be immortalised in this love. He wanted it to last. And he wanted them to fashion themselves together; to fashion each other a little, to mark each other, to see each other’s soul grow old and still sing together after all this time.
“I can’t believe it. Wow. Destiny’s doing things right for once, huh?” Dean hiccupped, wiping away the tears of laughter from his eyes.
“It wasn’t that,” Cas interrupted him. “But it had to do with you removing your shirt, yes.”
“Look whose nipples are sensitive,” Dean answered mischievously. “My, my, Cas. Won’t that be fun?”
“Kaia and Claire will teach you,” Jack promised. “They’ll love it. I’ll help you too! I don’t know a thing about seducing, though.” He looked perplexed, and Castiel was strongly reminded of who he was twelve years ago, when he was the same age.
This is more than he should be allowed to do, but Dean lets him nevertheless, and finally, Cas can know the feeling of Dean’s face under his hand, the hard and soft lines of it, the grain of his skin. He feels tears, and lines of worry, and a clenched jaw. Oh, to know that he has inflicted that on Dean! Guilt tastes like acid on Castiel’s tongue.
Charlie turned to him, beaming. “See, Dean?
“Me neither, Cas, me neither.” Dean made him whirl. “Let’s just have fun.”
“Right. Right. Good,” Dean said, looking flushed for a reason Cas couldn’t quite fathom. “Jack’s magic potion or blessed water or whatever worked – good, good. Sam will be very relieved. Jack, too. Everyone, in fact. Everyone is very happy that you’re back, Cas.”
Sam and Gabriel handed them the rings they had chosen, and Dean and Cas slipped them on each other’s fingers. Dean would have been embarrassed about how his hands were trembling, if Cas’ hadn’t as well.
“I know potential when I see it!” Rowena replied in an offended tone that didn’t bode well for Meg at all. Meg just drank a sip of coffee while holding Rowena’s gaze, eyebrow raised.
“I’m not sure this is the kind of information teenagers should be privy to,” Castiel said, looking at Claire, Kaia and Jack pointedly.
Cas does not wish to keep hiding, however. He will not attempt a thing, and he will not expect more of Dean – but if Dean cannot accept his romantic love, it will be a problem.
So he retaliated by pushing his tongue against Cas’s mouth, demanding entrance. Cas was only too eager to let him in.
His mouth is dry. He doesn’t know what to say. So, he settles for a mere, “Hello, Cas.”
He opened his eyes, and Dean was looking at him straight in the eye.
. Want for someone to look at him in the same way, someone to look at with love, and want to find someone who would be his shelter and want him to be theirs.
(Cas was tired. His vocabulary was slightly impacted by his state, and “different” was an excellent term that applied to
He focused all his remaining brain cells on the framing of the photos and on finding the perfect lighting. He could say that the photos he took of the dances were some of his best - especially his pictures of the Hora. He had focused his entire being on this dance. There was something comforting in watching people as they formed a circle and danced, stepping forward from one foot to another and circling in a rhythm. The brides’ laughs as they were lifted on their chairs, watching their loved ones dance around them… The pure joy in those laughs was cheerful enough to distract Castiel from his pathetic, unimportant problems. There was beauty in love and community and enjoying the moment, after all.
“Ding, ding! Winchester number two has the correct answer!”
It shouldn’t have been that easy. And yet, it was. Perhaps the Empty was busy doing fuck knows what. It was all too easy. It would probably blow up in their faces spectacularly later on, but Dean couldn’t get himself to care. The only real thing, right now, was Cas’s hand in his own as they walked towards the rift. Cas’s fingers, warm and pressing his own fervently. Cas’s hand in his own, something he’d never thought he could get. But Cas loved him, as Dean loved him. It was real, it was
, when Cas didn’t deserve his love? It wasn’t simply that it wouldn’t be returned, it was also that Castiel was not worthy of it anyway. Indulging in such fantasies was disrespectful to Dean – to think that Dean
A part of him screams that this is Cas, that the Empty is cruel but honest, that his heart can’t be wrong. The other part is terrified because he has no proof, because he’s probably been played, because he needs Cas and he can’t be sure, and he hates himself for not being sure.
“Well, technically it’s Jimmy’s--”
He almost told Dean,
“Well, he sure wasn’t shy when he kissed Meg and slept with April.”
“Listen, I’m sorry to tell you that, Cas, but she doesn’t seem to like you that much. She was pretty impatient to let you go once I told her Chuck would attack her. You know, because she had you, and because Chuck is a control freak, and all that jazz.”
“Dean,” Cas answered in kind as he unzipped Dean’s pants. Dean had to lift himself up to help Cas remove the pants. The loss of Cas’s cock left a bitter absence, and that was all Dean could focus on until Cas said, “Dean, I believe you’d rather remove your shoes.”
Well. Conclusion: no, Cas doesn’t know.
Dean didn’t seem able to tear his eyes away from Cas’s face, as if he were rediscovering him entirely.
“Sure.”
Everything that touches Dean rots and dies. Everything beautiful that touches him withers and dies away. So Cas, the one who touched him deeper than anyone else – the one who gripped him tight and never let him go – of course Cas would die. As he always does. Cas was doomed ever since he fell in –
confused, but also because, tragic and beautiful as this moment was, it was Dean’s and Cas’s alone, and Dean will want to keep it hidden, not because he’ll be ashamed, but because he’ll treasure it.)
And to think that this is the fate Chuck designed for all his angels – and for all the demons, too... His own children... It makes Dean sick.
“Hello, Dean,” Jack said, beaming.
So Castiel follows.
There’s still a lingering doubt. Maybe it’s not Cas. Maybe he’s being played. Maybe the Empty, or someone else, knows enough about Cas and Dean to portray Cas. And maybe Dean just isn’t worthy of Cas’s love; perhaps he doesn’t love Cas enough to be sure; perhaps he’s mistaken, because he is as bad a lover as he is a friend.
? If he had had his mother’s number, he might have sent her a photo and the comment ‘Contrary to your expectations, I have found Jesus and you still haven’t’). But he was also trying to find Dean. There were so many people that he barely knew where to look.
in his tone,
“Dean,” Cas answered in the same answer, resting his forehead on Dean’s.
“Fine, fine. Start with the number, Cassie, and we’ll see how far that takes you.” Balthazar winked.
Dean licks his lips, nervously. “Well – maybe...”
Dean comes back to the person’s face. How can he know? How can he be
“As I said, we’re not even sure he likes men.”
“They’re exceptions.”
“Yes, yes, please do,” Cas was quick to answer. It was a barely consistent answer, and that almost made Dean laugh, but he had a task to accomplish first and it was a very serious one.
“Please, let it be real,” Cas answered in the same fashion, his voice raspy.
“Yeah.”
it to be different.
Dean rolls his eyes. Good thing that Cas’s tone is fond.
Will Cas still think he is selfless and loving if he abandons Sam and Jack and humanity?
“Hello, you! Dean Winchester, professional heartbreaker, I gather?” Bal asked. “I’m Balthazar, Castiel’s best family member.”
That barn – that was where he and Cas had had their first date, two years ago.
“It’s amazing work,” the best man said, handing him his camera back. “Really good pics. You have talent, man.”
“Oh.” Dean looked down and rubbed the area over his heart, where his –
Is it Cas who said that?
“I’m an abnormality among angels,” Cas prompted.
“About you, actually,” Castiel. “And your conflict with Rowena.
“Know?”
“Did he laugh at the gay UST joke?” Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows.
“It is... good to hear,” Cas admitted. He couldn’t help but smile, and Dean’s face went soft and smiling when he saw that.
It was an out for him, he realised suddenly. He could go with Dean’s version of what happened, tell Dean that he indeed meant brotherly love, and forget the mortifying embarrassment and the fear of rejection.
“You don’t know-- you don’t know how hard it is without you,” Dean explained sleepily. “I just love you too much.”
Everything around is dark and full of nothing. The Empty. He is back here. Then the memories hit him, and he remembers everything. Billie coming for Dean; Dean’s heart giving up; the useless sigil on the door; and his own declaration.
of not jumping with me out of that portal, okay? Don’t even
). The way his name is pronounced, this intonation, the emotion contained in this single syllable, how this prayer
thought that Dean would reject him.
“I don’t see how. I saved Jack –”
Castiel looked up at the church in front of them. The stained glass window stared back at him – a beautiful rosary that featured the archangel Michael fighting Satan. How fitting, then, that today they had witnessed a different  Michael commit to love rather than to fight. He should get a photo of the happy couple under that window again. All he could think of was his mother’s voice –
The Empty herself? Another angel? A demon? He could be touching Lucifer, for all he knows.
It takes Castiel a few seconds to understand where he is – he feels like he has been sleeping.
“You deserve better,” Dean insists. “I’m a mess. I’m broken.”
be in love with Dean.
.” She rolled her eyes. “Is that so hard to believe, that Cas could be in love with you?”
It must have shown on Dean’s face, because Cas caught his hand then, raised it to his face, and kissed it. That hand that Dean would never have hoped would be allowed to touch and love Cas -- that hand that still felt too dirty and undeserving to Dean… Cas kissed each knuckle of it, slowly, tenderly, looking Dean straight in the eye.
“But I am aware that it will never happen, Dean, don’t worry. It’s okay.”
And Cas opened his eyes. His beautiful blue eyes, in which Dean always saw the entire universe and faith and hope and love and everything he wanted and everything he needed.
“How do you know? You guys went to second base already?” Balthazar asked, frowning.
It was frightening; but it was also thrilling, and freeing, somehow.
Cas couldn’t believe it...
And as the words spill from his mouth, Dean grows sure he is saying the truth. And he realises, with fright, that Cas isn’t simply dead. Cas will be completely destroyed if Chuck has his way.
“You ran away, so... yes?”
“Well, I don’t think Jack made you a love confession just before dying, did he?”
Jack grew serious all of a sudden. “Of course. Cas.” His tone was one of sadness and resentment, not unlike Dean’s, and Dean wondered why it had taken him so much time to call Jack, when Jack was possibly the only one who felt this loss as acutely as him.
treat. Do you have no trust in me at all?”
“You should sleep,” Dean whispered.
“Oh.” Dean squinted. “Did you just
Castiel had noticed the best man, of course.
He sighed and ran his hand through his hair, a gesture Cas had come to recognise as a sign of anxiety when Dean did it.
Dean feels Cas’s hot breath on his skin, and he shakes with the feeling of it, because he doesn’t have to hide now, does he? Cas loves him back; this hug is welcome, their proximity is welcome, finally,
love him –
Dean gave a final lick and dropped a final kiss, and replaced his mouth with his hand. He wasn’t totally ready for Cas to cum in his mouth, not yet, not until a few lovemaking sessions down the road; but watching Cas come by his hand was already the best thing Dean had ever seen. The way Cas threw back his head in pleasure, eyes closed and mouth open, screaming “Dean!”... This was a picture that would forever be engraved in his memory, and cherished.
“Well, he’s an angel,” Dean said, trying to remain calm and dispassionate, as if this topic didn’t hit home at all. “Angels don’t feel emotions.”
He looked hesitantly at Dean. “I am merely sorry that I will no longer be useful to you.”
“Did he get his head out of his ass or do I need to snip his—” Meg asked Castiel.
“And hopefully, some people will take the hint and solve their own gay UST. If you catch my meaning,” Charlie said, winking.
He licked his lips nervously. “Hey, Cas, I wanted to ask you something.”
“I’m sorry, Dean, if I gave you the impression that I was-- I didn’t mean to push my affections onto you-- I promise it won’t impact our relationship--”
The third one is more tentative. They explore each other, unhurriedly. They test the waters, move their lips against one another’s. They discover each other’s taste, and they know they’re ruined for any other taste in the world.
. And then he had to stroke more slowly, because Cas seemed to enjoy it; he had to roll his thumb on the head, and he had to--
that Dean had liked him and every single one of Dean’s attempts had been as useful as a lighthouse in the desert. (How much more obvious could he have been,
Whatever words he was going to say disappear when he sees Dean’s facial expression, however.
loved that. He squeezed, and pinched, and made the nipple roll under his thumb as he kept lavishing the other one with his tongue, delighting in Cas’s increasingly louder moans.
Dean doesn’t let go of his hand, not one second. His grip is tight, as if he was afraid Cas would disappear if he didn’t anchor him hard enough. Cas feels like he could indeed vanish if Dean stopped touching him; but he should not worry, because Cas has no intention of letting go.
“C’mon, baby,” she’d purred into his ear, hand still very much a presence in his pants. “I didn’t peg you for a prude.”
“And that made the
Dean huffed. “Fine, whatever. So the kid was an idiot – all kids are. How does that connect to him being found without any blood thirty years later?”
“They’re
“Sure, a… a Cleveland Steamer…” Dean croaked, “… then you just say
“Dean found a video of you and that guy you brought home a few weeks ago,” he told Cas bluntly, and Dean didn’t quite understand how none of them had burst into flames, because he sure as hell felt like he was about to. “And he doesn’t know how to talk about it, because he’s a child.”
“What? Dean, no –“
“I don’t like this,” he grimaced, taking another look around the room. “This is… this is powerful witch shit.”
“Okay,” he decided, voice small, before looking back at Dean one more time. “And you –“
has been satiated –“
, Sam.”
“Yeah,” he reiterated, and reached out cautiously to pick one up. It was bigger than the span of his hand, heavy, and as he rotated it slowly, it started to tingle along his palm, as though tiny pins were piercing his skin. Dean didn’t know a lot about eggs, other than he liked his scrambled and covered in hot sauce… but he knew they weren’t supposed to feel so
I've updated the overall content warnings, but in case you're subscribed and haven't seen - this one gets kinda dark. TW for IMPLIED NON-CON (nothing actually happens but Cas is under a spell and neither of them can be sure what really happened), BLOOD, GORE, CUTTING.
in the entire world – and all the filthy things he could possibly imagine doing to him.
“Oh,” Castiel breathed again, chin tucked down against his chest as Dean continued to work. “That feels pleasant.”
“Well, I used the in-app messaging system, but it’s effectively the same thing, yes?” Cas asked, head tilted ever-so-slightly to the side. He was no longer blushing.
– Cas was
They dropped Sammy off first. It had been decided the little brainbox would skip a grade, start middle school early instead of going into fifth grade. Dean couldn’t say he hadn’t been worried about that, but the middle school was a ten-minute drive from Dean’s school, rather than the twenty-five it would have taken to the elementary. If Sammy needed him, he could be there in no time. He’d said as much as Sam climbed out of the car, had reminded him to wait out front for him so they could walk home together at the end of the day, and Sam – so small amongst all the other kids – had simply rolled his eyes and disappeared into the fray.
“Alright,” Sam acquiesced, letting out a slow breath. “Well, I’ll have a look around the bunker, see if I can’t match any of the reports to anything we have in the lore.”
“I could,” Cas agreed, cheeks still flushed. “But I’ve found I quite enjoy manually cleaning myself after –“
“Hmm,” Dean agreed, because that
The first couple minutes of porn were always the same, whether it was gay, straight, lesbian, or anything in between – at least, in Dean’s experience. The couple got themselves situated on the bed, Bottom leaning over the Top for a hungry kiss, and Dean skipped forwards, telling himself he wasn’t interested in kissing. The video started to buffer again, and he let out a frustrated sigh, leaning back against his pillows to wait. His dick, still hard in his hand, twitched when he idly thought about kissing the
“In case it
. He had been sure he’d used the last of it on Sam a few years back after a particularly nasty spirit had thrown him through a window, but apparently not.
– and Cas definitely couldn’t see it.
“No, no,” Dean shook his head, only afterwards remembering that Cas couldn’t actually see him. “It’s fine, though; I’m coming to get you –“
He didn’t know Dean was awake, that much was clear, because after putting the phone down he let out a little sigh and brought his hand up to rub across his eyes. The movement was so intrinsically human that it made Dean’s heart ache, and he was hit, once again, by the full force of his feelings. It wouldn’t take much to reach out and run his hands through Cas’s hair, he found himself thinking, sooth him like Cas had soothed Dean earlier – but he couldn’t. He couldn’t, because he knew Cas would let him, but it wouldn’t mean the same as when Cas did it to him, and Dean didn’t think he could take that.
“Alright,” he agreed, and downed the last of his beer. “Dean and Cas’s big adventure – can’t wait.”
Once the girl had packed their items and swiped Dean’s card, she handed it back to him with a cool indifference that he had sadly come to recognise from twenty-somethings now he was getting older. He refused to let it bruise his pride any more than it already was, and instead took the card with one of his signature smiles.
“Yes, Dean?”
“One of the farmers had a scythe,” Castiel admitted, and with each word more blood oozed from his body. “And when the deity threw me, I think I landed on a rake.”
Dean could practically hear Sam rolling his eyes as he continued, “There’s not a whole lot of information, but I did what I could. They’re… well, they’re giant, vampiric birds –“
The pressure was unfamiliar, but not overly painful, and he spent a couple of minutes getting acquainted with the tight little pucker. His dick had softened a little in the interim, but that was okay; he continued to pant softly, far from unaroused regardless of what his dick thought. After another couple of minutes, he took another deep breath, realising he wanted more. When he next pressed against his hole, he held his finger there, testing the pressure, the give. It took him a moment to realise he was holding his breath, and let it out in a nervous chuckle.
“Just take your turn,” Cas muttered, handing the cue ball back to him. Their fingers brushed, just for a moment, but it made Dean’s chest flutter.
“Borrowed,” Castiel sighed, his voice small and pained. “Dwindling.”
For just a second, Dean was convinced he was going to throw up.
“Hey, Sammy, yeah,” Dean replied, feeling some of his nerves calm at the sound of his brother’s voice. “What’s going on?”
“the Impundulu are also called Lightning Birds,” Sam told him, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat. “They’re immeasurably powerful; the lore suggests the beating of their wings can create thunder, and they shoot lightning from their talons.”
He blinked, once, twice, and Cas swam into focus above him. It took him a second to figure out why he looked strange – he wasn’t wearing his trench coat. He wasn’t wearing his trench coat, because he had draped it over Dean’s body like a blanket.
“Fuck,” Dean barely heard himself shout, petrified, as the creature continued to change – as skin began to melt and feathers grew in its place, as bones snapped and reformed from arms and legs into wings and yet more talons. All the while, the creature screamed, though whether for its dead young or agony from its transformation, Dean had no clue.
“Then what
His torso was a mess. Something long and sharp had sliced deep into his side, the wound at least eight inches long and a couple inches deep – deeper towards the middle. Blood oozed sluggishly from it, staining his pale skin a sickly red.
Hell, he hadn’t even
“Okay, Sam, I – I gotta go get Cas,” he started quickly, already forcing himself to move back towards the door. “We gotta destroy the eggs, right? And then – shit, how do we kill one of these things?”
True to his word, Cas arrived not an hour later. Dean had spent that time packing for the trip and actively
“Leaving so soon, gentlemen?”
Beer was for celebration – whiskey for cases, research, and anything else. He ordered burgers with everything on, extra onions, and then picked the tomato off, without fail; it didn’t cross his mind to simply order it without. He felt grounded in the repetition, especially when so much of their lives was so out of his control.
“Good. Nice. Thanks. See ya.”
Kelly, dead, oh so dead.
Castiel woke up for the second time in a different place. The ground was cold under him, and everything hurt. He was being held, though, gently, oh so gently.
Cas’s eyes went soft. “I do.” He gave Dean another kiss, soft and light this time. “What I mean is that… angels can feel desire. I just don’t, unless it’s you. Because… because it’s
unreal. After all these years with this mark on his chest, he had finally found – after all this time spent thinking about Dean and falling in love—
“They are,” Dean answered. “Dad would probably roll over in his grave if he saw one of his kids marrying a man, and not his soulmate at that, but hey—”
“He never had any relationships!”
“You mentioned it, yes.” Castiel threw him a sideways glance. “What you
Castiel used to live in terror of his mark. He had hated it, sometimes, because he didn’t know what part of him was really
He should stop staring.
Dean smiled, and gave Castiel’s lips a peck. “Mind if I set something up for us?”
“Don’t fucking listen to them, okay?” Dean roared. “Take my hand, Cas! Come with me. I fought to get there. Sam and I, we fought – we researched – and Jack helped us – The Empty, she won’t – she won’t let me here for long, Cas! It’s our only chance!”
, a broken human whose place was in Hell?
“Ask for a naked photo session,” Bal winked. (Castiel
“You can’t be here,” Castiel said, incredulous.
“Trust me, we need to be washed out,” Dean answered. He came back from the bathroom with a wet towel and he wiped Cas’s chest covered with both their come -- a thought that was oddly sexy.
Yeah. All for the better.
“Chuck’s writing this story. What makes you think it was
feelings, you see? Mine and yours. It’s not – it’s not destiny, it’s you and I.”
“I’m not sure,” was the answer.
weep. He refused to. He could stand there and gaze at everyone’s brilliant efforts to brighten up their special day, and take it
These weren’t answers, not really, and Cas was still hiding behind silence. Because, as Dean had found out, silence wasn’t just not saying anything, it was also skirting around the real thing.
Cas cuts himself, visibly upset that his words are failing him. Dean can relate.
Will they walk forever? Are they trapped here?
“I’ll see you later,” Dean agreed. “I’m not through with you,” he added with a wink.
He opened his eyes, and he almost recoiled in shock. It was still pitch dark, sure, but it was no longer empty. There were bodies -- people -- lying around everywhere, fast asleep. Thousands and thousands of people -- demons and angels, probably. Millions, most likely.
“Is that a problem?” Castiel asked, his voice low, fear and anxiety prickling at his skin. He set his jaw and squared his shoulders.
Right where Cas gripped him tight and raised him from perdition.
Then, Castiel saw Dean.
Shit, Dean was crying now. But Cas’ eyes were shining with tears too, and – oh, well, it was his wedding day, he was allowed to cry a little.
For one moment, Dean can’t even breathe. It takes its time to sink in, as he replays Cas’s words over and over and over.
“You get to know the family, after all,” Bal joked.
“Cas—er – I’ll have to remove your clothes to heal you. Are you – are you okay with that?”
in anyone.
“Dean –”
“Stop thinking like that,” Kaia said, joining in the hug immediately.
“Ready to be my Huckleberry?” Dean asked, tipping his hat with a wink.
“Don’t ever do anything like that again,” he added nevertheless.
“It wasn’t that important—”
“Me too,” Kaia said. “I’m Kaia. Thanks so much for your message.”
He felt Cas smile against his mouth. The little fucker.
Fuck fate, fuck curses, fuck God and the Empty and Death. He’s never let any of that stop him. He won’t begin now. Not when Cas needs him.
tired of cosmic entities. “I’m awake now – thanks to your little angelic friend – and everything is loud now – say thank you to your bomb of a Nephilim. These two –”
Castiel tried – and failed – not to blush.
“I could have told you, too.” Cas pulled back, leaving Dean to miss the feeling of Cas’s forehead against his. But then Cas hugged him tight, resting his cheek against Dean’s. “It took me time to realise that it was love. And then -- I didn’t think you could love me back.”
And so was dropped the subject of Dean Winchester, much to Castiel’s relief. It wasn’t as if it mattered, after all. He would never see the man again, and this evening would simply remain an embarrassing memory he would laugh about in ten years.
“And that is the story of how I found myself among a party of Chippendales.”
“Keep going,” Cas said in a huskier voice than usual that sent heat to Dean’s stomach and made his cock even harder.
“What is the counterpart?”
“I wouldn’t betray Rowena like that.”
Sure, they had to hurry, but they had both waited long enough for that kiss. And right now, Dean felt powerful enough to tear down any cosmic entity that would try to rip Cas away from him again.
“You’re a wedding planner, not a matchmaker. How would you know?” Meg asked, raising an eyebrow.
himself he wouldn’t be so aggressive, that he wouldn’t let the angry beast inside him take over. And yet, here he is.
"So? They had really sexy elbows!"
“Hell yeah,” Dean said. “More than anything. But you--”
Then the mattress dipped next to him, and Cas felt a hand on his arm. “Cas,” Dean said. “Cas, you awake?”
It cannot be Dean. Dean would not – Dean has God to kill and humanity to free, why would he be here of all places?
Cas found that his mouth was dry, and his heart was beating a lot too fast. This... knowing that Dean and Sam liked him enough to bring them back... it was one of the most beautiful things he had heard.
“I know that now.” Cas was drawing circles on his arms, drowsily. Then, after a beat: “Is that real?”
“I need you.”
And he kissed him.
“I’m not sure he is interested in men. I know he’s single—”
“I’m trying to be fair to my pork-eating friends!”
“No, but that’s something Castiel can do.”
“I started going to his exhibitions, and then to his classes—and you can say I fell in love with photography. I won a scholarship for a degree in photography, and—here I am.”
well. Probably
Dean’s voice soon stops saying anything but
“Hi there,” the best man grinned. “Whoa,” he added as he seized Castiel’s arm and prevented him from falling. “I didn’t want to scare you, sorry.”
Castiel waited until he had chewed and swallowed his mouthful of cake to answer. “By necessity, mostly.” Dean looked at him in silence, obviously expecting more. “I opened up a photography business to earn a living. I was initially attracted to the artistic dimension of photography, but that doesn’t put food on the table. As a result, I opened up to a more materialistic practice of my art. Weddings, engagements, baby photos, family photos, photos for local businesses— everything that people want. Although I do find myself doing more weddings than most – Rowena likes to hire me.”
"Awww, you don't want him to hear? That's cute!" Charlie beamed, honest to God looking  delighted with this piece of information.
They walk for a long time. Cas doesn’t count how much. He doesn’t care; he is entirely focused on the feeling of Dean’s hand in his. He knows, now, that Dean will walk him out of here, he has no doubt on that. He knows, too, that as soon as they are back, Dean will let go of his hand, hug him, maybe, because Dean always hugs him when Cas comes back from the dead, and then things will go back to normal. Cas
"I have friends on the other side", he said in the same tone as the infamous Princess and the frog villain, Dr Facilier.
They stood beside the sandbox in the middle of an abandoned playground, which serves as a gate to heaven
His heart was beating rapidly. Despite his powers that keep him unharmed all the time. He was able to hear his heart pounding in his chest. His mind was swimming around, his vision blurry and untrustworthy.
Picking up Dean's choking on the words, Sam ignores it, knowing that he heard it correctly and not wanting to repeat the words from Dean.
"Yeah?", he raised his green eyes to meet Amara's,
"NOT ANYMORE! LEAVE, NOW!" Cas shouted as struggling to keep Dean off the younger Winchester.
She hugged Dean and Charlie, who commented on her soft pink silk 3 piece suit.
That got a snort out of the 2 of them. Even Amara had a small tuck in the corner of her mouth.
"He-he was doing a-a reading and-and.." Gabriel rubbed his forehead as he trailed off but he didn't need to say the rest because Rowena understood what he meant.
Only to find Gabriel carrying an unconscious Castiel, tailed by a dark headed woman who appeared to be concerned about him. She introduced herself as Meg Masters, but was otherwise a person of few words.
Dean wanted to just disappear from there, not to be seen by Castiel again. He didn't want to look at that frown, those furrowed eyebrows, that little head tilt. Yet, he had to keep on acting as if nothing happened, as if he was okay with what just happened.
"Why did you think, for a second, that you cannot have what you want? Why did you think I dont love you too, the same way you love me. Yeah, your confession slapped some senses into me and made me realise that I love you too. I knew I liked men since a long time, but never loved one like I loved YOU, cas"
"Hello, Dean, Charlie", she greeted stiffly,"What brings Death and a Reaper to heaven",
The rest of their drive is silent and peaceful.
"Yeah, sure. Just don't go too near to the dead."
But cas never thought of it, he never wanted to hurt the Winchesters, Dean in particular.
"Of course", she nodded.
"Now, let's go back home, they are waiting."
"Charlie!", Sam and Dean jinx, and give her a big hug
Dean brings his punch from behind him. If cas didn't move his head over, it would've been his skull crushed instead of the picture in the wall beside him. The sound of the crash rising in Cas' left ear.
"That's really cruel. Even for Sam", Charlie sighed.
"Its good to be here.", Sam nods in agreement.
"Cas, why?" Dean narrows his eyes,
"You-you think it's HIM?"
Dean shakes his head and sighs.
"Just- just be careful",
He ran and ran, not resting because he didn't need to and also because he cannot, not until he found Castiel.
****   *   ****    *    ****   *    ****    *   ****   *   ****   *   ****   *
"You're looking pretty". Charlie said breathlessly.
"But-"
"Come on, everyone, let's have some fun here", Dean grins widely.
A red short haired girl appeared in front of him, dressed in Jedi style black robes. She patted his shoulder and waved at the chairs in front of them.
"I-I can ask HER." He glanced at the high ceiling of the Bunker Replica.
Rowena rushed to the door as the tapping didn't stop. She cursed the person knocking under her breath in Scottish.
Dean felt a sneer and the powerful force left. He let out a sigh of relief. His anger calmed a couple of knots.
"You know I can break those fragile wings of yours with just a snap of my fingers", Dean growled,
"Dean?"
"Did you learn your lesson while falling, you pethatic angel?"
"No need to be thankful. Didn't want to-", (lose you again), but Dean swallowed that. Instead, he said,
Even hours later, Charlie fell silent as Dean explained everything to her. She had the same expression as him the first time; pure shock, absolute disbelief and uncontrollable happiness.
He cannot lose him, not after the last time, not after the countless promises he made to him for when he would see him again. Cas deserved it, he deserved to have all those promises fulfilled to him.
"Anywho, I must talk to Amara", Dean stated.
"We missed you and your troubled asses here, to be honest", Jo says with a wide smile.
"Hi, Dean! " a soft, happy voice exclaimed.
"Oh, I'm here!" A hand is raised from the crowd.
"I-I only saw his soul. Remember Cas didn't have a soul...Not that I saw or knew of. But I never thought of checking out the meat suit of the vessels, Ro",
"They didn't come here. They know we all are here. Jack told them so. But they refused", Ellen shrugs.  She meets Dean's sad and almost teary eyes, she cups Dean's cheeks, Dean leans into her tender touch, since he is touch starved.
Dean slides his hand to grab Cas' hand and mingles his fingers with his. Kissing Cas' hand, the couple walked back to the Roadhouse.
"Dean- I-"
"Ask away",
"Yes!" Charlie pushed the air.
Hey climb off the hood of the impala and go into the Bar.
"Come join us, Kev. You too, Mrs. Tran", Dean calls them.
"Nah, its-its nothing." He walked the same place he came from a few seconds ago,
"Where are you going with my booty, Winchester?" A deep voice echoed, which was just like his.
"No, hes my brother, I'm-"
Hesitantly, Dean raised his hand and caressed Cas' cheek. He leaned forward and kissed him on his lips
"Who'll Reap the souls assigned to me? Benny. I asked him to already", she showed a rare stubbornness that she doesn't have, Dean knew he stood no chance against fire in his sister's eyes.
The walls around seems to be expanding or blowing out, whatever was happening, cas couldn't tell, he was in the middle of battle against the Knight of Hell. The ground below as Deepening without any end and the roof was also disappearing from above. The lights were brust leaving sparkles.
Dean picks Sam from the bridge and they ride back to the roadhouse.
"Okay, okay, you can let me go", Charlie exhales in the crushing hug by her brothers.
As soon as Kevin's finger pointed him, Dean bolted in that direction.
"Who?" Meg asked, eyes wide and worried.
Amara fixed him with one of her it's-better-this-way-trust-me look.
****   *   ****  *   *****   *   ****   *   ****  *   ****   *    ****  *
Dean takes the first blade out of his shirt and charges forward with full force.
sunset, following his brother's gaze
"Well, I'm not telling you THAT...but...don't-don't make a habit of it,  not gonna save you every time you're stuck", Dean looked at Castiel with such affection, it left the Witch confused and frowned slightly.
"Leave m-me alone!" Castiel was visibly shaking from head to toe.
"Oh, you fell more than once wouldn't let that happen on my watch because I will be the one to throw you down", the smirk on Dean's face changed his expressions so much, cas couldn't recognise the man he fell for from heaven once. Cas is startled for a moment, long enough for Dean to shove him towards himself. Only space of few inches between their faces, they are breathing the same air,
"If you are here...Where's Kevin?", Dean frowns
Those words spiked Cas no matter how hard he wants to deny it, no matter how hard he tries to ignore it.
"Its just...never in my life, had I tried to connect with them. Its my fault dad sold his soul, its my fault that mom died, should've protected her, it was my job",  he wisphers.
The Angel nodded curtly and vanished.
Sam does the same. Noone comments about Dean's tears.
The opportunity was present in front of him to he's a demon. He promised to love him in any and every shape he is in, that insides being a demon.
They walked into the starry night with a soft breeze blowing through their hair
"Why the long face, Dean?" A soft voice asked, yanking Dean from his thoughts into the real world, or as real as his world can get, his vision returned to its sharp nature.
To be honest, Dean was frightened to see Castiel like this. That scream was the loudest he heard from him, ever. Seeing Castiel like this struck his heart and squeezed it too tight. His chest constricted to the limit that his entire body was absolutely rigid.
Dean tells them about his life and also that he was in heaven long before Sam. Everyone laugh when his story comes to his death, which they found amusing rather than sad,becausethey already were dead
"...Yes", Sam says quietly, knowing his big brother's take on this.
"Anyways, what's up with heaven? Its different from the last time we were here", Sam looks out of the window, noticing the obvious changes, not only in the looks but also the vibes and feelings, it is more peaceful and calm,  its has more life and colour.
"Thanks for sending my little brother out before I kill you",
"But, he IS your Castiel. It's him, just..without knowledge or the powers of his past",
"Did you just..quote Disney?" Gabriel turned his head to look at Dean with light interest, the end of his lips twitched.
"Went away?" Dean echoed, dumbfounded, yet concerned.
"Alright",  Sam shrugs.
Sorry for the lateness.
"Think you can overcome me? Not anymore", Dean titled his head to the side.
He was having a good feeling about this. Finally, something good was about to happen between the 2 of them. Maybe, just maybe because Amara had given him her blessing, this might turn out to be a good thing.
"I'll call him", Rowena nodded in a definitive way to herself rather than anyone.
They all ordered the same, bacon cheeseburger- Extra onions for Dean- with fries on side.
"Not when heaven is ruled by dicks", Charlie scrunched her nose.
"Will you become his friend?"
Crumbs of the roof fall on Cas. A tear runs down his bloody cheek.
She whispered under her breathing, in Old Latin, calling for Dean. The reason she whispered was not to let Gabriel hear Dean's name. Whether for pure amusement or just because she wanted to keep Dean's identity secret, she didn't figure, perhaps it was both.
"No, its not. You raised you brother and followed your father's orders. You did what you could dont beat yourself like that, Dean, you don't deserve the hate you have for yourself",
The Roadhouse door opens and Bobby pops his head out
Dean didn't care that his mortal image was faltering, it was fading away. Dean didn't care that his scythe is appearing on his back from his dimensional pocket, disturbing his running pace. Dean didn't care that his bones are popping up from around his body from where his skin and mass is being peeled off. Dean didn't care that his body started aching like being burnt alive. Dean didn't care that his feet were feeling broken. Dean didn't care that he might as well be as crazed as anyone in that cursed place.
"My own crap to do ? Sure A F I do. But I'm helping my annoying big brother that I never wanted",
"You boys took your time, I see", Ellen smiles and hugs them. Jo and Ash do the same.
"Well, Charlie, the craziest thing happened", he murmured.
Minutes later, they were in a small, semi restaurant.
"Don't make me unleash MY hell. My cage wasn't fun, boy",
"Sh-should I tell him the truth?",
And who was Dean to disagree with the High Goddess?
"The reason I loved the whole world was because you showed me that I'm worthy of love and saving, so why not others. I cared about Jack because I trusted you with him. Your true happiness is-is so simple. You are like no other person I've ever met, yeah, you were a stone cold, feeling less warrior or heaven, but you fell in love with a stupid human. You convinced me that Im a valued person even with my severe anger issues, you remained behind when I kicked you out of the bunker when you needed me. Yet, you forgave me. You showed me that the world isn't as black and white as I thought, that people can change. You gave me many chances, beyond what I deserve. You loved me, unconditionally. I also love you, unconditionally",
"Cannot exclude the possibility", she shrugged.
Pushing Dean back, Cas summons his angel moho and glows up with whatever power he's left with,
"Yeah, we're coming", Dean replies.
Rowena placed her hand on his shoulder,
"I don't remember",  Sam frowns. And stares at the beautiful
Charlie was clearly irritated and Dean was obviously enjoying it.
Bringing all the ingredients required, Rowena started the spell at once. Gabriel gave her the space she needed to concentrate and ask for the help.
Sam and Dean chuckle and sit on the counter close to Ellen.
"We missed you too. Oh, how great is it be back", Dean mutters.
There was only one person who could help him, the one who she was talking to a bit ago.
"Thank you, Dean". A kind smile decorated her face.
Dean's already pale face turned even paler, if it was possible. His knees were wobbling.
"The world has aged, Dean. You're Death; you don't",  Amara wisphered.
Someone taps Sam and Dean's shoulder gently, they turn around. To see her. "Wassap, bithcess, its your girl Charlie",
"Charlie, no you have-"
"Angel, its either you are getting weaker or im getting stronger" Dean chuckles. All he has to do is put a little bit effort to break free from powered down cas, which is exactly what he does.
"Where are mom and dad?" Dean asks Ellen as quietly as possible.
Dean forced cas back into his vessel before throwing him through the floor. A hole the width of the corridor was formed where cas is in the centre of it. Crunching of the groud still buzzing in his head.
"Aw, Where's your angel mojo at now?", Dean laughs darkly and tilts his head to the side.
"Found this a 4 days ago. Their burgers are the BEST in the state", Amara beamed.
"Tell me", she said eagerly.
"Hi Dean", the woman with the long wavy brunette hair smiled
"Yeah, yeah", he waved his hand at her as if he was swatting away a fly.
This is their true heaven.
****  *  ****   *   ****   *   ****   *   ****   *   ****   *   ****    *
"Did you see Cas..." He trailed off as understanding and knowledge shone in Amara's black eyes.
"Better this way. You know how much trauma that poor angel had in his millions of years of life", Charlie sighed.
When the food came, Amara spoke
Kevin's smile fell. His translucent body went rigid.
"He's a human! He's not yours; he's Rowena's or Amara's", Dean was desperate to get out of there, yet, a burning desire in his chest wanted to talk back to The Empty, the one thing that kept HIM away from Dean.
"We will talk. And I will answer your questions. First, I'll invite you to dinner. Both of you", she smiled softly.
"So, so you named your son after ME? Come on Sammy, you are smarter than this", his eyes wrinkles because of his smile.
"Hey, Kevin", Dean was relieved to see a familiar face in this horrible place.
"How come you never saw him before?" She filled her glass with the golden brown liquid,"I mean if he always roams around beyond the veil",
Cas locks his arms around Dean.
"Hi! Everyone".
Cas looses his balance and almost fall if it wasn't or Dean grabbing his shirt,
"So-so..you guys defeated GOD, BUT you were out bested by a NAIL?" Charlie giggles. The laughter calm down for his answer.
Placing one of his hands on Castiel's forehead and the other on his chest, Dean ignored the feelings when his fingers touched him and murmured under his breath in the Language Of Dead.
"He-hey, Cas? Can you hear me? You there buddy?" He shook his shoulder gently. He was unconscious, so Dean tried to wake him up.
"Yeah, Jack did it, the changes.....Cas- cas helped him", Dean aviods eye contact with Sam.
"Coming",  Dean rushes to Ellen's side and help her in picking up few box of beers.
This place was always a familiar place for Dean. And like always, it would give him shivers and chills, even though he rarely can feel..feelings.
"I usually bring the souls to heaven, if you forgot", Charlie narrowed her eyes.
"Looks like you aren't the smart one of us after all, Sammy", he gives a side glance to Sam.
"Of course I do! I love him!"
The boys focus on his hand and see that he is sitting with his mother and his friends.
"Hi, Dean! Do you like the changes I did around?", Jack asks, bouncing in the tip on his feet.
"Well, you KNOW what this is about, then", he said importantly, "It's about the Heart"
"Befriend him. Make him fall in love with you again. That is if you want him to love you",
Cas gets slammed on the wall behind him, the back of his head shakes mildy, the blade on his neck, Dean wisphers in a devilishly sweet voice,
He didn't know what to do with this. Tell him to gang someone and he'll do it in a minute, tell him to save the world and he would sacrifice himself in a blink. But responding to his emotions and feelings? Dean's the bad at that, like REALLY bad.
"Yeah" Dean looks around.
"You did some pretty good job, kid", Dean nods in approval.
"Quite it, angel, you are not strong enough. Join me and I'll spare your few remaining feathers"
"Good. Then, go pour your heart into his", Charlie slapped his back, sending Dean a couple of inches forward, hitting his ribs into the edge of the table.
When Dean was sure that Cas was gone he picked up the cloak and dropped it on himself and pulled his scythe out and hit it against what you could say floor, but it didn't matter. The scythe banged so loud that even The Empty seemed to flinch.
"I'm weak, true, but I'm still an angel",
"Well?",
"HOW is he...here? I mean, it hasn't been 3 DECADES since his death", he looked from Charlie to Amara.
Biting his lower lip, Dean toyed with the big silver and white ring on his right index finger.
And Dean told her, because he wanted to tell someone and he cannot think of a better person to tell that Charlie. Dean wanted it off his chest, even if it's a small part.
"When was the last time we saw a sunset together?" Dean asks Sam as he steps out of the car. Baby making the squeezy sound it makes, when its doors are opened.
"I-J called a reaper, thinking it was you, it was looking exactly like you, and-and he just…. Went away"
Blinking his eyes into focus, cas sees the outline of blurry Dean on top on him, each his leg on either side of the black headed angel,
Same hesitates for few seconds before jolting out of the bunker.
They stayed out past the sunset.
"What happened?" He furrowed his eyebrows, trying to mask his concern and feeling, just looking confused and semi-interested.
They are home.
He unfolds his damages wings, causing Dean to groan in annoyance and shelding his eyes from the light.
From every corner of the veil, souls gathered around, standing behind him, confused but still as they saw him there. His eyes turned black as a demon's, his form different in every sense of the word. It was growing in size and deepening in colour. It went so black that he was blending with the pitch black background.
"She's right. It might work. He might even remember his past life!",
"Any suggestions?!" The voice roared in desperation.
Dean blushed deeply.
"Why do I keep forgetting that?" He chuckled dryly,"Time has no effect on me. I'm already in hell",
"What happened to my tweetie pie?" Rowena asked, scandalised, as if Gabriel was the reason that Castiel was unconscious.
“Are you comfortable?”, Cas asked, and Dean swallowed. Not minding his aching hard-on, yes, he was as comfortable as one could be with his arms bound to a bed.
Dean tried to think. Why did he call him names? Because he was annoyed. There was no reason behind it other than that, right? Time passed as Dean pondered the question. Apparently, Cas sensed that Dean thought about it because he didn’t urge him to reply.
Not waiting for a response, Cas unbuckled the belt, holding Dean’s wrist with his own hand until he slowly helped Dean put his arms to each side.
Quiet.
This was stupid! They just had sex! For fuck’s sake they were
“Is something wrong, Dean?”, the angel asked, running his fingers through Dean’s hair so effortlessly.
Knowing – hoping – of what would enfold, Dean inhaled sharply, but his body was still relaxed, his cock reduced to half-mast.
“Yes, Commander”, this time the words felt a little bit less awkward and stilted.
It sounded childlike. He knew it did. Clumsy and awkward and weird. But he wanted to. They hadn’t kissed. They did a lot. A lot of intimate things, but only during the scene, as Commander and Private and Dean didn’t know what that meant.
“Yes, Commander.”
He could just be.
He couldn’t possibly explain that to Cas. How would he even begin?
“Wonderful”, Cas said, making Dean really feel like strangling the bastard.
A heaviness settled in Dean’s chest, hard and unyielding. He had to swallow, his throat unnaturally dry.
“And I will always take care of you. I will always be there when you need me, Dean”, Cas continued as he fucked inside, eyes closed.
“Pineapple?”, he asked to confirm, and Dean nodded.
“So, you were being upset because I called your reckless behaviour reckless. Even though you know you disregard your well being constantly. And then you decided, you should call me names to put me in my place?”, his hands coming to a halt on each side of Dean’s waist, Cas paused.
They stood in silence while Dean wrecked his brain for what Castiel could aim at when the penny dropped.
Dean leaned against the doorframe, acting casual. Apparently, that was the wrong call.
A third finger pressed into his hole, carefully scissoring him open and Dean swallowed in anticipation. It didn’t take long.
“I, ehm”, looking up to the angel through hazel lashes, eyes wide in anticipation of how he will react, Dean braced himself. “Actually, I think I would like you to kiss me, Cas.”
Was he bragging now? Dean’s brows furrowed.
“Sush”, Cas made, it was lovingly and affectionate and Dean closed his mouth. Cas didn’t move. They stayed, flushed together; Dean felt the heat and the fullness of Cas inside and thought he would never want to be less than this.
“Why did you call me names, Dean?”, Castiel asked again, voice firm.
“Good. So, do you feel me taking care of you implies some sort of social order?”, the question lingered in the air and Dean was very close to calling this gig off.
His tongue slicked him up and circled the base, then his lips plucked at the nipple in wave-like motions. It was a feeling unlike any other and Dean felt his dick throbbing at his legs.
“So, when I asked you”, he tugged at the blindfold, making Dean’s head bob back and his ear bumping against Cas’ lips, “to keep a low profile, I wasn’t trying to scold you. I was trying to take care of you.”
“Sassy and bossy,” Dean muttered, but he was smiling and he winked at Castiel.
Cas always said good things happened, and he was right. Good things
“Cas?”
. It doesn’t just feel good, the way their bodies slot together: it feels
And then the words came, hurried, barely understandable.
“Take me to bed, then,” Dean whispered. “‘Cuz I love you too.”
Which was the reason why Castiel almost fell off his chair when the man he had been thinking about took the chair next to him.
“If he’s too stupid to see that, he’s not worth your time,” Gabriel chimed in.
He can feel the shape of a shoulder under his hand.
“Say it!”
All in all, Jack was pretty quick to come.
He would scream Cas’ name and wait for an answer, but he was afraid the Empty would hear him in the deafening silence and stop him. He needed to do something else.
Yes, love was indeed the most divine thing in the universe.
“Yeah, because he is in love with
Cas didn’t answer. Hopefully, his glare was enough to convey his feelings on the matter.
“I was initially supposed to be a doctor,” Castiel explained. “Or, at least, it was the career path my mother had chosen for me. But I –”
“Because strippers?”
“Well, I’m not used to it. Were you flirting the whole time?”
And Castiel would see Dean in person again, after six months. It was... a lot. It was too much, because now Castiel no longer harboured a silly crush, he was in love with the man. Dean would be able to see it on his face, probably. What if Dean didn’t reciprocate?
And then he realises – yes, terrified is the right word. It’s been the right word all along.
“It’s different,” Dean pleads.
Dean tasted Cas’ lips as if it was the first time. They had kissed so many times, and they had even kissed at a wedding or two; but
Because he was horrified with Dean?
“I’m working,” Castiel reminded him, waving his camera in front of him in turn.
And Dean said nothing.
Cas looked at him, shaking his head fondly. “I can’t believe I forgot that,” Dean laughed. Fuck, that was so embarrassing. “That’s a mood-killer right there,” he mumbled. He moved away from Cas and sat on the bed (trying to ignore Cas’s soft sigh of regret) to remove his shoes and his socks, and his halfway-down pants since he was at it. “You should do the same,” he advised Cas. “Or we’ll have the same problem in a few minutes.”
Only asleep. Dean could wake him up.
“Dean—”
Once Dean was done with his shoes and socks, he turned around to see that Cas had also removed his own pants. They were both in their underwear now. Dean could see the bulge on Cas’s front. Cas had always made him feel hungry and thirsty at the same time, but that was nothing compared to the sight of Cas almost naked and hard for him.
“Ah. Hum. And, hum—for how long?”
“No, you’re trying to steal some for the dog, don’t lie—”
Castiel blushed. It wasn’t exactly what his family had advised him to do in order to flirt with Dean. But this horrible man had been there – one of Michael’s colleagues, probably –, ranting aloud about how people were only supposed to marry their soulmates and that Adam and Michael’s wedding was unnatural, and – well, Castiel had snapped. And when he had turned on his heels, all he had seen was Dean, his mouth open wide in either horror or awe. Castiel still didn’t know what to make of it.
“You’ve come back before,” Dean said more softly. His eyes were brimming with tears, Castiel realised with horror. He was making Dean suffer, once again. “Cas, please, don’t –“ This was Dean begging, he realised belatedly. “Cas. Please wake up. I need you.”
“It’s not.”
“I did no such thing.”
, or that he, Dean, wouldn’t be able to keep his love to himself if he indulged in it.
Soon enough, Cas was out of his own underwear, and Dean could take him in in his entirety. His strong thighs that could probably crush him --
Dean lay a few minutes on Cas’s chest, listening to Cas’s heart beat like mad while Cas was breathing heavily, his body limp. When he stood up, Cas growled, “Stay here.”
“Why him?”
“How’re things going in Heaven?”
“No,” Dean told him. “You won’t die, Cas. You won’t die again, you won’t die on me, Cas, keep running, I’ve got you –”
“Charlie, you are the best,” Sam complied, rolling his eyes.
The sixth kiss is more of a trail of kisses. Dean peppers kisses all over Cas’s face – his cheeks, his jaws, his forehead, his neck. Cas laughs and throws his head back in pleasure as Dean tastes his skin and finds a sweet, sensitive little place he bits playfully.
“I won’t tell you that, then.”
When Dean woke up in the morning, he immediately thought that Cas should be there, next to him. When Miracle jumped on his bed and Dean hugged him, all he heard was Cas’s voice -- ‘Good things do happen, Dean’ -- and the scream in his head -- ‘then if miracles happen why aren’t you back, Cas?’ When he got down to the kitchen every morning and made food and walked to the war room and went on with his day, there was nothing but Cas’s deafening silence. Sometimes it was easy to imagine that he was simply away on a mission, as usual, but it was not as if Dean had ever liked it when Cas was away. (And the time was gone when Dean actively pretended that he was fine when Cas wasn’t there and that he didn’t care that much about him anyway.)
“I’ll have to make up for that, don’t I?”
But Dean squeezes his hand even harder, and Cas knows immediately what Dean is telling him.
be in love with him. There was no way he was. It was just… impossible.
When Castiel went to bed that night, though, he couldn’t help but remember it all as he stood bare-chested in front of his mirror, his soulmark staring right at him like a taunting from Destiny.
Dean coughed. “Boyfriend?”
So Cas laughed and said, "I love you too."
Dean’s smile was radiant. “Thanks. Glad you like it. And you – a doctor, huh?”
Once they got to the consecration of the rings, though, Castiel was fully back. He snapped away the exchange of vows and rings, trying not to tear up as Bess began to speak. “I, Bess Myers, take you, Garth Fitzgerald IV, to be my wedded husband. To hold in the highest of light, day in and day out, through the storms, and the rain and the wonderful mysteries of this life. I promise you faithfulness, compassion, and friendship from this day forward.” And a bit later on, Garth spoke, “With this ring, I give you my heart. I promise from this day forward, you shall not walk alone. May my heart be your shelter, and my arms be your home.”
That wasn’t a question Castiel had expected. But if his family were right and Dean
. Instead, what got out of his mouth was, “People like him aren’t interested in people like me.”
It wasn’t as if he had a choice anyway, he thought as he arrived in front of Castiel.
Castiel had no luck.
“Cassie, dude, that’s
He was good, it was so good, but if they kept going he’d come in his pants like a teenager and that wasn’t exactly how he planned his first time with Cas to go.
Thank you to everyone who commented, left kudos, subscribed or added this story to their favorites! I love you all. I hope you like this new chapter!
Dean blinked, then squinted, the portrait of confusion. “So – you were into me?”
Dean looked straight at him then. “
“You know, I’m – not great at understanding subtext and metaphors,” he said tentatively.
Dean braced himself for the rejection to come (because Cas would never hurt him on purpose, but Cas had no way of knowing that his ‘no’ would be a rejection). He couldn’t look Cas in the eyes, perhaps because he was afraid Cas would see the truth, or perhaps because he couldn’t bear to see the lack of feeling in Cas’s eyes as he said ‘no.’
“Well – he impersonated you. We thought it was you.”
He’s relieved to see
“So,” Dean said when he was finally done. “It’s all healed up.”
, because there could only be one reason for such a silence.
do such a thing,” she said with an outraged expression. It fooled no one. “It is true that you
Castiel knew he could not come back. He deserved to be there. The voices were getting louder.
Cas hates his treacherous heart for hoping against hope.
The burger was
“We’re idiots.”
Well. It would happen
“It’s going fine. Claire and Rowena have stopped fighting about Claire’s hairstyle, Balthazar has only tried to seduce three of the guests, and Meg has only creeped out two people – that’s, uh, progress, I guess. Bobby has fallen asleep because Kevin has bored him with political talk, and Crowley is already half drunk. So far, so good. Usual wedding chaos.”
you, I mean.”
“Yes, actually,” Castiel agreed, surprised that a complete stranger could understand that. “And taking care of people when there’s nothing you can do to help them – seeing them die and suffer— it’s depressing. I didn’t have the money for it, either. I was working several jobs, hoping to find my path, but thinking I would never become
And finally, finally, he could see it. Cas’ body, lying on the invisible dark floor, fast asleep, dead and haunted.
A few hours later – after the soulmark blessing, and the handfasting, and the blessings, and the Sacred Union, and the chants, and the marriage pronouncement, and Rowena’s satisfied nod, and the start of the party and the feast and the dances – Dean fell into a chair next to him, a plateful of cake in each hand.
“Doesn’t prevent you from finding him funny, am I right?” Gabriel winked at him. “And that doesn’t prevent
the Empty big plan? Perhaps she planned for more agonising doubt. But Dean is sure.
“Charlie.”
"Well, of course I don't want him to-- you'd embarrass him!" Dean splurted, trying to  ignore how much his cheeks were burning.
“Dean, we’re soulmates.” Better to rip the band-aid off as soon as he could, or he would never be bold enough to do it. “This mark – I have the same. On my heart. It’s mine. You’re my soulmate. I’m yours. We’re – we’re soulmates,” he concluded, rather lamely.
“Yes,” he answered drily, handing the man his camera.
“I think she’ll never forgive you,” Castiel answered, which made Charlie laugh. “I think she likes you, though.”
They were no longer scared. They grew bold, adding teeth and tongue and teasing and fingers in hair and hands on skin. Their lips started travelling and exploring, and Cas felt as a star must feel before it explodes: full of too much and hungry for more, ready to cumbust and comfortably warmed, having found its purpose and reached its apotheosis but knowing that the best was yet to come.
Dean’s throat is dry, but he has to do it. He’s never been good with words – but he needs to be now. For Cas.
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled. “He’ll make one hell of a God, you know.”
He stops, startled. Raises a hand in front of him, for the second time.
“Perhaps people flirt with you often and you just don’t realise it.” Dean nudged his side playfully. “That’s not so bad, y’know, ‘cuz I’m in the monogamy thing and I don’t intend to let you go.”
Rowena wouldn’t mind, he knows she wouldn’t. Not for Cas. Not if it’s Dean saving Cas. Because she knows, and Dean realises now that she doesn’t just know about
He trails his hand on an arm. The material he touches feels like Cas’s trench-coat.
you, and let’s say, I wasn’t pleased that it had chosen to appear right when I was getting really interested in you.”
made something hot and fluttery coil in Dean’s stomach. This moan was so
! You lucky bastard, your man is finally making a move.” Gabriel threw his head back with laughter. “And you didn’t pick up on it, oh dear Odin, that’s the most hilarious shit I’ve ever—”
“I had to save Jack,” Cas pleaded, because he felt like he had to.
“Do you--”
“He’s interested in you, then,” Gabriel said. “Trust me, I’m a compulsive flirt. I can’t help doing it, that’s what gives me confidence when I feel like shit. If your pretty boy is a flirt and he ain’t flirting because he can’t keep his eyes off you, then he’s interested.”
“What would you know, Winchester.”
damn happy,” Dean mumbled. “So happy that the Empty took him.”
“An angel who fell from grace because he felt human emotions,” Cas reminded him, his puzzlement growing by the second.
“Why?”
“Cas – I love you too.”
And Sam and Jack will conclude that Cas’s happy moment was that Dean finally declared his love, or kissed him, and they’ll be bewildered when Cas answers, “No, that was later.”
“I love you too,” Cas answered, kissing Dean’s temple.
He had never thought he would ever get Cas, either. First, the guy hadn’t even looked interested. Worse, he had rejected Dean (and to think that was his ‘I’m interested but shy’ move...). Then, he had had
Dean couldn’t seem to be able to look him the face. His eyes were darting in every direction, as they had in the Empty, except that this time he wasn’t looking for the enemy. His cheeks were a little red.
And the irony was, they were soulmates. Their souls were meant to sing in unison. Or perhaps destiny hadn’t decided on its own to unite them, perhaps it had heard their souls sing and heard the harmony that could be there.
And sure enough, Dean hurried to his desk and came back with a first-aid kit.
“Just because he never showed interest in men doesn’t mean he isn’t attracted to them.” She winked at him, and, fuck, that was directed at
Except that Charlie would check, wouldn’t she? She’d ask Cas, and she’d find out Dean had chickened out, and he’d never hear the end of it. Or maybe she’d ask Cas herself. Dean shuddered. That would be even
They had had to run, laughing all the way down the hill, and the barn was right there, closer than the car. They had found shelter there. It wasn’t beautiful by any means – it was old and grey and the walls were covered with graffiti. But they had made their own beauty in that drab place, lost in one another till they had chased the cold of the night away.
"I love you," he kept saying on Cas's skin, "I love you, I love you. I need you.  Cas..."
He was desperate to convince Cas, but even if Cas didn’t believe him, the most important thing was that Dean could follow the voice.
“What? No! Not at all!” Dean raised his hands in front of him and shook his head with vehemence. “No, you don’t get it. It’s just that my dad was – well, he had very strong ideas, you see?” He chuckled – but there was no humour in it, and Castiel’s heart sank a little. “Sometimes I
“You’re wrong, though,” he couldn’t help but say, because he was very good at self-sabotaging his own happiness. “It
“Let’s stop fighting, Dean,” Cas said exhaustedly. “I hate fighting with you. I don’t want that anymore.”
“Cas. Cas. CAS!”
His heart is beating faster with panic. He can’t find Cas. Where is Cas? He’s blind, he’s deaf, there’s no way he can bring Cas back. He doesn’t even see the rift he’s just crossed. It should be behind him; it’s not. There is nothing, no way out.
done the same thing. You know that.” His laugh is all but gleeful. “You’re not truly a Winchester until you’ve made a deal and sacrificed yourself for those you– for your family.”
He had to be brave on this one, because Dean was there for him to take, it was within his reach if only he was daring enough—
Why was there no ‘no’? Why was there only silence?
“I can’t bring Cas back myself,” Jack explained. He was positively beaming. “But I can… open a rift to the Empty, and if someone were to cross it and bring someone back… I guess it wouldn’t be my fault. After all, the Empty is disturbed right now, they could accidentally leave a portal open. Actually, it’s been happening recently. They leave portals open everywhere -- it’s another problem we have to deal with.”
Cas thought it was so impossible that Dean may love him too, that he was happy just saying it, happy dying saving Dean, as if that was the best he could ever hope for.
"He said that before he knew Sam for real. It’s just-- angel speech for family. Found family and all that.”
“Are my feelings that a problem?” Cas frowned. “Did you not want to hear that--”
He wouldn’t leave Cas alone in an empty hell, suffering forever, and never getting to experience the love he deserved, the love Dean was finally ready to give him.
“You didn’t do anything else?” Gabriel enquired as he handed them a plate full of bacon. “Like, I don’t know, sneaking out and doing the dirty in the woods?”
No wedding was ever boring (love never was), but this one was one of a kind.
The thing with photography was that Castiel always saw things from a distance. Or at least, he did until he was adjusting and printing the pictures in his shop, and then he had all the leeway he wanted to look closely at the details. But now that the best man was sitting in front of him, still grinning, he could see it all, and he was not safely hidden away behind his camera or in his studio.
“Tell me, what jokes did he make? Maybe I can help you with it.”
“Cas-” Dean gasped.
Dean’s eyes went round and wide for a moment, as though he were horrified and afraid at the same time. He stood up in a hurry and turned his back to Cas; the tension was back in his shoulders and neck all of a sudden. He rummaged through his cupboard. “Here – a tee and pants – they should fit – take them – I lend them to you – I
“Cas,” Dean said again. He outstretched his arm as if to touch Cas’s hand, but then seemed to think better of that and retrieved his hand. “What happened in the Empty—the nightmares this bitch made you live— Why—”
Cas was growing worried with Dean’s lack of understanding. “Well... you don’t feel that way about me, Dean. And it’s alright,” he added quickly, not wanting Dean to get the wrong idea.
In the Empty, they only had touch... It was easier to express himself... With words, he’s lost. He’s never managed it.
The silence seemed painful for Cas too, though. The way his jaw was set… the wildness in his eyes, even if Cas were forcing them not to move… the way Cas had seemingly stopped breathing…
This wedding made Castiel nervous... because this time he was certain that he was in love. They hadn’t seen each other, but they had texted back and forth, a lot. Every single joke he didn’t understand, and every little detail about Dean’s life, and the way Dean spoke to him... How couldn’t he fall helplessly in love?
Dean doesn’t know what he expected but... probably not that.
Cas’s expressions hardens, then softens. “I told you, Dean. You’re not the man you see. The mirror our enemies hold in front of you – it’s a lie. Don’t believe it. You are a man of good. I have known that ever since I held your soul in my hand, and it’s never stopped being true. This life – it has a toll on you but it doesn’t change who you are at heart.”
Still, when they made it to the rift, Dean couldn’t help but feel relieved.
Cas still wouldn’t meet his eye.
They shared a smile. Dean’s smile was small, but happy. His eyes were shining with joy, and Cas felt his stomach flutter. The sensation worsened when Dean looked – just for one second – at his lips.
“What?”
Castiel wanted to say it then –
“How would you know?” Charlie scoffed.
Again.
Recite the incantation.
“Cas, I...”
, and beautiful. Only Cas can make Dean long for more, can make him feel like he belongs.
Jack made this frowny face he always made when he was embarrassed.
Jack, dead. Jack, hurt. Jack, remorse and self-hatred in his eyes, shattered from the inside.
Dean is terrified, once he recalls just how many times he almost did it – terrified at all the effort he put into never doing it, and into forgetting he’s even thought about it at all.
At the time, he had thought that if soulmates existed, they were either a lie or an empty promise. Now that he finally had the family and the love he had so sorely needed... Well, sometimes, he wondered about the face of this impossible love that was promised to him.  Sometimes, he thought about the happy faces of the soulmates he had photographed over time. And sometimes, the mark on his heart stopped looking so terrifying.
But now Cas is dead. He is trapped in a fucking Empty, where there’s only regret and misery.
“At five,” Dean answered quickly. “And you?”
“There’s nothing straight about
Dean bits his lip, hard.
Dean caressed the shoulders, and then reached the neck, his breath hitching when he felt the soft skin and the pulse there. Cas’s heart was beating like mad, he could feel it. Dean’s heart leapt in his chest in answer.
Dean was as handsome as always, but this time there was a particular joy on his face. Castiel could tell that Dean
“Cas is not shy,” Dean cut in abruptly, because Charlie’s words hit too close to him and he couldn’t let her see that.
Perhaps he was wanted, after all.
“That’s not very straightforward,” Gabriel complained.
The good thing with Rowena hiring him for every wedding she was ever hired to plan was that he earned a decent amount of money. The flip side was that Rowena always tried to set him up with whoever she deemed pretty enough for him.
Where to?
“You let Jack go without a deal,” Dean reminds her. He doesn’t know what to say to win. But he
Castiel would have loved to say that it was perfect. It wasn’t; they accidentally missed their target and Dean kissed the corner of his lips rather than the lips themselves. They tried again, and their noses bumped, the cold skin making them jump. They couldn’t stop laughing; it was perfect, in its own imperfect way.
“That makes sense. I guess. Sam and Eileen really love their wedding photos – they were beautiful, man.”
He wishes he could tell Cas, “I’m not angry, I’m just desperate,” but he doesn’t know how to.
“Yeah.”
Cas’s eyes go round and wide. “God?”
Cas. No one else would do such a thing, and with such tenderness, too. The hand is masculine; soft, but strong. Dean has always loved Cas’s hands; the hands that have healed him, and restored him to life, and given him hope; big, strong, soft-looking hands he has dreamed of feeling everywhere on his skin.
“Back to work,” Castiel said regretfully, waving his camera. If only they had had more time...
“I’m sorry she was right and I proved you wrong.” Cas stood up. His hands were still in his pockets, but even from where he was standing he could see that they were balled into fists. It made Dean want to seize these hands and caress them until the nervous tension was soothed and gone.
Castiel didn’t want to talk. Or maybe he wanted to. He didn’t know. “Fine.”
“Yes, you are.”
He half-expected Dean to be overwhelmed by his family. But instead, Dean smiled.
“Rowena didn’t know them, and they didn’t answer her calls. She didn’t know if they meant Chippendales as in male strippers or Chippendales as in the furniture. They had wanted to marry in a very elegant manor, though, and this demand was included in-between the color theme and the type of wine they wanted, so she guessed they were talking about furniture.”
in there. A lot of me dead.”
“Can’t what? Love you back?” Dean asked.
And then, with just one more step, Dean could see him, at the end of the aisle – Cas. His Cas. Stunning in his black tuxedo, a giant smile on his lips, and looking at Dean as if he had never seen anything more beautiful in his life.
“Cas has tons of emotions.”
“No, I mean, the Angel curse, like with Angel in
Castiel frowned. Adam and Sam had both married someone who wasn’t their soulmate... So did it mean that Dean...?
Charlie elbowed Sam in the ribs.
for me, not because of a soulmark, but because everytime I see them I love them a little more.
to do it again. Just like he had to bring his other hand to fondle Cas’s balls, just to hear those noises again -- this was a new kind of moan, deeper and sultrier and
They had been inching closer to each other, Castiel realised belatedly, and he stepped back just a little. He could have sworn Dean wanted to say something, but he closed his mouth shut as people inside screamed “The grooms! The grooms!”
, Cas says in his head. He doesn’t have the time to be
In a quick movement, he seized Cas’s shoulders and pinned him on the mattress, finding himself on top. “Hi, Cas,” he said, grinning.
What if it isn’t Cas, but a trap set by the Empty?
They are not embracing, not truly – no matter how much Castiel wants to – but he feels Dean’s body, Dean’s breath, Dean’s warmth all the same. It is a revelation in the silence of the Empty.
The walk takes forever. Cas strokes his thumb on Dean’s hand, and it soothes Dean.
“Hello, Jack. Hello, Sam,” Cas said, smiling.
“I see.” His voice came out strangled. The words were painful.
They remained standing outside in the cold for some time – minutes? hours? Castiel didn’t know, but it still seemed too short. He wanted it to last for the remainder of eternity.
Maybe both, Dean decided. He closed his eyes and focused. Faith. He never had much faith to begin with. But this wasn’t God -- Chuck -- this was Jack. And it was Cas. Cas always told him that good things did happen. And a good thing had happened, hadn’t it? They’d fallen in love. Cas was the best thing ever to happen to Dean. Love. He could think about Cas, like a sailor thinks of a beacon. He could pray to Cas. Call him. It wasn’t that hard. Dean’s heart was beating the rhythm of Cas' name already -- had been ever since that fateful day, had been since forever, if Dean was honest with himself, and he was done lying.
Jack shook his head. “I don’t think so.  You already have what you need. That’s why you’re the only one who can do it.”
He lost all focus when he felt Cas’s warm fingers around his own cock, stroking him and fondling him, and,
He watched as the best man looked through all the pictures, one after the other. It gave Castiel plenty of time to watch the man’s strong, calloused hands, and his soft-looking hair, and the way his tuxedo suited him just right.
. But they were tainted by the sharp needles of anxiety.
“Sorry. Didn’t mean to neglect you,” he said.
“Yeah,” Dean admitted, looking away and stuffing his hands in his coat. “I thought you might be lonely out here.”
“Brother?”
They were here, all of them, turning in their seats to see him as he and Sam walked in the room. Cas and Dean’s family. Rowena, Ellen and Jody were crying with Charlie, Ash and Donna patting their backs, Bobby was trying and failing to hide his own tears, Eileen gave Dean a thumbs-up, Garth was taking pictures, Crowley was rolling his eyes (and Kevin was glowering at him), Balthazar and Jack looked over the moon, Claire was looking at Dean instead of looking at her phone or at Kaia, and even Meg was smiling (so, miracles were a thing).
“They can, if it's an
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh. “This... very odd couple decided to marry on a whim, and they had Rowena do everything very quickly. They sent in a note saying that they wanted a lot of Chippendales at their wedding.”
He took the tray away from Cas and put it on the desk. After an hesitation, he sat down on the bed in front of Cas.
“I think the most unique one was the Chippendale wedding,” Castiel mused.
If only Dean had wanted a soulmate... And if only Castiel hadn’t fallen a little in love with Dean for defying fate in the first place, and  for wanting to write his own destiny.
Cas died because he loved him. Fitting. Dean would laugh if he could.
Jack smiled right back. “I have. I was just waiting for you to ask me.” His smile disappeared. “It would be extremely dangerous, though, Dean. You’re human, so I don’t believe the Empty could harm you, but after I exploded in it… I don’t know what they can do. And they won’t let Cas go without a fight. I can’t guarantee Cas will make it back.”
“I’m his best friend,” Dean argued.
“Still, sounds kinda lame for a first date,” Dean mused.
– mark was. “I didn’t think you could see it.”
If he closed his eyes hard enough, it was enough for him to believe that Dean’s touch was not afraid, or disgusted, but reverent. That it was shy and nervous instead. Castiel scolded himself. He had decided to let all hope go, to bid farewell to all his thoughts of this nature. If he was back, if he was to be near Dean again, he shouldn’t do that anymore, for himself and for Dean. They both deserved better.
“And these words they were saying, all those assholes,” Dean added. This time, his voice was shaking with anger. “You shouldn’t listen to them. They’re wrong. You’re not what they say. You are – Chuck was wrong about you too. You don’t have a crack in your chassis or whatever shit he was saying, okay? You are...” Dean seemed at a loss for words. He flailed his arms around him, probably to demonstrate his point.
to make sure this beautiful smile lit up Cas’s face (and lit up the whole room) more often. Like, everyday. At every moment. Because --
He came into the living room to find his family sprawled on the sofa and on the ground in their pyjamas, curled up in warm blankets and fast asleep. He joined them as soon as he changed into his own pajamas.
“Yeah. He’d be. Totally. Charlie, you can’t-- you just
“Save me a dance?” he asked.
“Don’t be,” Castiel answered. The sooner Dean would be gone, the better for Castiel’s pride.
It is as if all rage has left Dean’s body – this rage that Chuck awoke out of proportions lately, this rage that is destroying Dean. Now, Dean only feels relieved and unburdened against Castiel’s body.
Castiel shouldn’t feel flattered or moved, either, he chastises himself. That Dean would be ready to summon the Empty, to make a deal, or to resurrect him, is not something that should fill Castiel’s heart with joy and emotion – he should not think of how loving and selfless Dean always is. No, Castiel should be terrified.
“Do I need anything?” he asked. “Weapons… anything?”
But even if this is Chuck waiting for him on the other side on the Empty, Castiel cannot remain rooted here. He has to move and find who is calling – he has to find out if this is Dean, and make sure he is safe if this is him.
It was real, it was his, it was
soul that was captured the first time he saw Dean through the lens of his camera. Dean wanted someone who saw his soul and loved every bit of it, instead of someone for whom his soul had been fashioned. But Dean had captured Castiel’s soul instead, and had ensnared it every time they talked.
They had to walk from the hotel they had booked to the barn they had chosen for their wedding. Thankfully, it was a short walk – they just had to cross the road. It probably wasn’t the most convenient location for a wedding, but Dean didn’t care.
“Well, it’s not as if I can sleep,” she goes on, as if she hasn’t heard him. Dean is
It sounded as if Cas couldn’t believe it -- as if he was asking only because Dean’s behaviour was too puzzling and didn’t make sense unless, maybe… It was a cautious interrogation, a leap into faith.
Cas must have felt the same thing, because all of a sudden Cas’s hands were all over him, fumbling to remove his shirt, his movements so halted and trembling that Dean just knew how close to cumming Cas was, and how he didn’t want it to end that quickly either.
, and he was
His niece, Mary, swayed on her little legs as she walked before him, taking handfuls of flowers out of the Navajo wedding basket she was holding – a present from Kaia – and throwing them everywhere she could, little arms straining as if she were about to pitch a winner on the field. It was one of the most adorable sights Dean had ever seen.
The officiant, a nervous little man whose name was Donatello Redfield, started speaking.
“I – think I have to go. Sorry.”
in him... “We couldn’t have done any of it without you. I couldn’t have – we couldn’t have defeated Chuck if you hadn’t –” He stopped once again.
“Great.” Dean tapped his feet on the floor. “Waiting for Adam and Michael to stop talking to the priest, huh?”
have him.”
Castiel couldn’t breathe.
.” Dean was looking at him with intensity, his green eyes focused on Castiel only. It was strange, seeing those eyes looking at him as if to pierce the mysteries of his soul. As if Dean was interested. As if Dean
He forgot all about his doubts when he saw Cas’s naked chest for the first time, though. All this toned skin… these tempting muscles… this Enochian tattoo on the ribs -- a wonderful location to pick, Cas couldn’t have chosen better… these dark nipples… Holy fuck. And that was all for Dean to touch and kiss and caress?
“Hi, Jack,” he answered awkwardly.
“Charlie—” Dean said through his teeth, looking very red in the face.
Castiel still had a very vivid memory of when his soulmark had appeared. They appeared randomly – Meg still didn’t have hers, while Kaia’s had appeared when she was two, for instance. It came like thunder, without a reason and without a warning save for a burning sensation where the mark showed up.
When they finally made it into the kitchen, the first thing he saw was Jack giving Miracle some food from his plate (the boy took after him, it seemed) and saying very seriously to Sam, “I didn’t know I wanted a dog, but now I think it is one of the best things in life. Miracle is amazing, don’t you think?” He was signing all the while for Eileen to understand.
“Dean, you told me you didn’t
could it get?
Except that Cas was looking at him in a decidedly fond
Dean’s heart broke a little. What had the Empty done to Cas? Did Cas really believe that Dean couldn’t possibly love him back?
Cas in the Empty, Dean in an empty world.
“Okay,” Dean answered. “Okay.”
He can’t know; he’s never held Cas’s hand before. He’s always been too afraid that it would make him a sentimental girl; too afraid that Cas would
A little bit later, as they were all eating the messiest yet best breakfast Dean had ever had, and Sam was telling Cas everything that had happened in his absence and Cas was petting Miracle with wonder and Eileen was adding her own comments in sign language and Sam and Cas were laughing at what she was saying, and Dean was thinking this was the happiest he’d ever been, Jack leant over and said with a big smile, “I told you your love would be enough.”
He loves me, he loves me, he loves me.
place is a dream. This – Cas, nothing of this is real. It’s the Empty. It’s created this nightmare.”
“Don’t tell me you fell on your ass.”
Which begs the question: why did he hear Dean’s voice? Did Dean wake him up? Or was it just a dream? If there is a dream powerful enough to wake him from a death-induced slumber, that would be this one: Dean begging him to come back.
Dean recoiled as if he had been slapped. Then he let out a big laugh that sounded false even to his own ears -- but his ears were ringing, so he wasn’t sure he was hearing things right.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas will say. Happiness will shine in his eyes.
He felt two pairs of strong but gentle arms carrying him, and the feeling of wind on his face.
Dean’s voice was softer than ever. It wasn’t simply that he was whispering; there was a gentle tone to his words, something Cas couldn’t quite put his finger on (as humans said).
If you liked this chapter, please leave a kudo, and comment if you may! ❤
“We’re
Cas is dead.
Castiel’s dead heart jumps in his chest. Dean’s voice is louder, clearer... and nearer. If he focuses on it, he can even feel like he can know what direction it comes from.
. He had to take the pictures he was hired to take; he couldn’t let the newlyweds start their new life without pictures of the moment it officially began. Dean had probably seen him anyway. Castiel was not going to check, but it was likely he had.
fucking important, Cas!”
, Rowena wrote.
. “You should stop reading fanfiction,” he said lightly. “You’re reading too much into all of it. It’s just--- it’s just the way Cas is. He’s very
Perhaps. But he can’t do it without Cas. He never was able to.
Nope. None the wiser. No one would need to know.
What kind of ‘no’ would it be? Would it be a puzzled ‘no’? An amused ‘no’? A ‘no, that’s ridiculous’? A ‘no, why?’? A ‘no, never, not in a million years’? A scoff? A thorough interrogation?
Dean was his soulmate, and Dean hated soulmates. Dean didn’t want his soulmate. Dean wished he didn’t even have one.
So, Castiel ducked.
a price to pay, and Dean knows that. Didn’t they meet because Dean made a deal to save Sam’s life?
But this “unique bond” thing gives him an idea. Perhaps an angel doesn’t need a Nephilim child to come back. Perhaps – just perhaps – any unique bond would do. A deep bond. A
But he could
happen, though. He was right. Their bond was enough.
Dean bits his lip, hard.
“I think we’re just good friends.”
“Are you sure you want to spend time with me? Your friends—” He waved towards the meadow, where a couple of very intoxicated women were doing cartwheels in what was supposed to be sync, but failed just a little to be endearing.
I love you all ❤
thing he could say, of course, except that he was too busy trying to pray himself away from this situation that he didn’t think of it until the best man said, “And your name is...?”
His heart skipped a beat.
Something must have shown on Dean’s face, because the Empty abruptly stops speaking, and frowns. “What? It wasn’t that?” She looks at Dean carefully. She mustn’t be too good at understanding humans yet, because she looks confused.
“It’s gonna hurt a little, okay? But you’ll be fine, promise,” Dean warned him.
The kiss is soon over, and Dean is looking at him with wide, frightened eyes. And Cas – Cas just smiles, more widely than ever. His blood sings in his veins.
This wedding was, by all means, a success.
“Yes,” Cas said.
He leant in Dean’s space, and stole Dean’s lips.
“Well. That’s what we do.” Dean looked away. “Are you – are you okay? Can I leave you alone for one sec?”
“Well – I mean – I mean yeah. I – uh – I’m not great with words, you know? It took me time to, uh, accept a few things about myself and I’m used to making jokes instead of – of opening up, I guess.” He was looking down. “I know it’s kinda ridiculous,” he laughed.
So much
What idiots they were.
“Chuck wants Cas gone for good. All the times Cas died – especially the last one – he kept coming back. Chuck doesn’t want Cas in the story anymore. He’ll make sure Cas is destroyed forever.”
Claire and Jack ran out of the kitchen, Jack still clenching his box of Crunch Cookie Crunch cereal and Claire with a pen still in her hand – she must have been doing her homework. Meg and Kaia came tumbling down the stairs.
Dean hesitated a fraction of a second, but then he smiled. “Well. I haven’t eaten anything at Jo and Anna’s wedding, so. Sounds like a good idea.”
. But he never did. Something always came up, or – or Dean just never dared.
Cas nods, smiling. He tries not to feel disappointed. It is not the fact that Dean has just let him know that he was family – nothing romantic – because he knows that, he has always done, and he is done hoping when he knows
In the end, though, he hadn’t cared about his mark after finding Dean.
Castiel shrugged, not knowing what to say. Silence was safe; silence usually didn’t bring humiliation in its wake.
And all this time Cas loved him; all the while Cas thought there was no way
“I think he’s already seduced, darling,” Meg said, patting his knee. “Don’t doubt yourself. He’s crazy about you, who wouldn’t be?”
“He’s reading in the library. Go and ask him. Then we’ll know.”
welcome, Dean decided that maybe he could try and kiss one of Cas’s nipples. They were erect and pebbly already, Dean noticed with a smile.
And here it is, the end.
“Why wouldn’t I?” Cas answered, perplexed.
“CAS! Cas, wake up!”
Jack and Meg were still awake. He curled up next to Jack under the kid’s blanket, twisting his body in all kinds of awkward positions as he joined him on the couch, trying not to wake Claire up. It didn’t prevent her from nuzzling her head on his shoulder.
. Dean’s hands leave Cas’s face to embrace his waist under the trench coat and caress his ribs. Cas leaves a trail of open-mouthed kisses on Dean’s neck, and tastes Dean’s sighs. The kisses they trade become passionate, until they can’t breathe anymore. But they don’t stop. Their lips separate for the smallest time before they kiss again. They whisper each other’s name on each other’s lips. They smile into their kisses. They press their bodies together, closer, closer, closer. They devour each other.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Did Gabriel or Balthazar strike you as particularly prude?”
“Politics. You can’t bring Cas back because of
The fact that Castiel never
It is love, and passion, and truth. It is everything.
It is not simply that he has finally opened his heart, it is that Dean is alive, too, and Castiel feels like maybe he has found the meaning of his existence. If he was created to keep Dean alive – Dean, who will vanquish Chuck and free the world, he knows it – then his existence was not as meaningless as he feared.
“Oh.” That was all that Dean said. He swallowed, and Cas followed the movement of his Adam apple with his eyes. “She made you do it... kind of a lot of times.”
“You shouldn’t be. I was worried that... when you and Sam would die... that I would have nothing left. No heaven, no family, for eternity. At least now, this is no longer a problem. And I know how to live as a human now.”
Cas was never able to say no to Dean. Not when Dean needed him; not when Dean wanted him; and especially not now that he knew that Dean had come to the Empty for him, had fought for him.
“I don’t deserve you,” he says instead.
. Of course, the mark would probably fade pretty quickly, with all the angel healing and what not, but somehow, Dean doubted it, because Cas could have magicked it away already and yet the hickey was still facing Dean, the red proof that Cas was his and he was Cas’s.
“The rings, gentlemen,” the officiant asked.
“I don’t know,” Dean whispered. “The Empty, it hurt him... And I think—I’m not sure—but he’ll be okay.”
He was saved from answering by the bride’s scream, “Oh, are you okay?”
Dean was looking amused, and a little baffled too. It was probably his first time meeting someone as socially inept as Castiel.
But when Cas strokes his thumb on Dean’s palm (he can’t help himself), Dean doesn’t squirm away, nor does he flinch. He simply squeezes, again, softly.
Dean’s fingers stroke Cas’s face, explore him, love him. Cas cannot see, but he closes his eyes all the same. This is overwhelming. This is the best he will ever have, and he doesn’t want to miss any millisecond of it, even though he knows this memory will haunt and taunt him forever. He has reached a new level of happiness, though tainted with melancholy because this will not last: it is simply Dean battling with his own faith and making sure he has found the good angel.
For one second, Cas could almost believe that Dean’s gaze was
“I’m rather sure it was an accident,” Castiel comforted him.
And Dean’s mouth meets his, once again.
There. The words were said. There was no coming back.
Then... then things become blurry, and they stop counting. The kisses become playful, more assertive, more daring, more
Well. Three years old.
– already. This thing with its sardonic voice and disgusting grin. That thing that cursed Cas to never be happy.
“Well-- well I just know it!” Dean said. He tried to think of an argument, but he had none, except the certainty that Cas
. Like Dean was beholding a god, like Dean saw something precious and divine in him.
Dean grasps Castiel’s arms and brings him close. Castiel sees Dean’s face get closer, closer, closer, until their breaths are mixing and they are living on each other’s air, and it feels even more intimate than what happened in the Empty, and all of a sudden, Cas understands, he understands what it is Dean has been trying to say –
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t our little Cassie!”
“How will I find Cas?”
Castiel is tempted to sigh. Will it never stop? Will there never be peace? But this is the fate he has chosen for himself, and he would not choose any other; so he cannot complain.
“It’s me, can I come in?” Sam’s voice asked.
“What are you talking about?”
“That’s – unexpected.”
, Dean didn’t see a failure or a disappointment but an
That was when Dean realised he was crying.
flirting with me, and I’m not interested in someone I don’t know at all.”
Castiel thought about it. “No. Actually, I think I like the real version better.” Because in the real version, Dean had looked for him, Dean had
“Dean,” said Cas. “Are
“But where on that spectrum? In the gay spectrum? The trans spectrum? The ace spectrum? Just because he’s on the spectrum doesn’t mean he likes men— And anyway, I’m not his type. We don’t have the same interests—”
“You’re welcome, Dean,” he answered a little bit more warmly. “Rowena – the wedding planner – informed me that they were not soulmates. I would never press the matter on them on the most beautiful day of their lives.”
And because all of it is
But Dean insists, “
“You know very well where we were,” Cas answered.
was strange. What was different? What had changed?
. Fitting. And long overdue.
Dean licked his lips, nervously. “I saw – there were a lot of
They only stopped when they were interrupted by a very dry – and very fake – cough. They turned... only to find the door wide open, and Castiel’s entire family watching them.
And Cas didn’t need to hear the words to know what Dean had in mind.
And oh, wow, this one was brutal.
“You’re a princess and you’re a bride, and you’re pretty devilish sometimes.”
Cas. It
Castiel’s throat was very dry all of a sudden. “Those – those are metaphors?”
Cas loved him.
“It’s going well,” Dean answered noncommittally. It wasn’t as if he could say, ‘she sent me to ask you if by any chance you wouldn’t be secretly in love with me, haha.’
“They do. Rowena only cares about love – and business, too. She made it her objective when she started her business: to provide a beautiful wedding to everyone, even the ones who don’t fit with the rest of society.”
“She’s beautiful,” Castiel said. He knew nothing about cars, but he knew that this car was important to Dean; it had been his father’s. It was a family legacy of sorts, and for years it had been Dean’s home as he and his father and Sam travelled from town to town, looking for something that could assuage John Winchester’s anger and grief. Castiel couldn’t say if the car was actually beautiful, but Dean’s care and love and what it represented for him made it so. That was what Castiel was looking for in every photograph he ever took: not a subjective kind of beauty, but the real thing, the immortal beauty there was in loving and being loved, that made eyes brighten and smiles blossom.
And Cas smiles. It lights up the room, and just like that, and even though he just learnt how to breathe again, all the air in Dean’s lungs are stolen away.
“Oh.”
Maybe Dean could accept it, if he didn’t know what the Empty was.
Dean nodded. “I think I get it. For a long time, my family was just Dad and Sam and I, y’know? But then – I met people, I guess.” He looked wistful. Then he said, very slowly, almost tentatively, “And you do both soulmates and non-soulmates weddings, too. People usually have... strong opinions about that.”
Castiel felt his cheeks flush. He had always thought the beauty of the mark was that it told people where to find that unique relationship that would change their lives – where to find the person who was perfect for them, the person who would take one look at them and say, ‘you’re it for me.’ But he was wrong; there was something better than that. Being told that you were wanted for yourself, for who you were, regardless of fate.
“How do I look?” he asked.
“I’m very subtle,” Gabe protested.
sound completely nuts  and not at all like something Dean wanted and couldn’t have.
Or maybe is it the Empty that is tricking him? After all, Castiel is awake, and the Empty still has not appeared to him. It should have, by now – it can’t sleep if a resident is awake. Perhaps the Empty cannot sleep and is keeping him awake for sometime (or forever) to torture him. Castiel is not informed of what this entity can or cannot do. If it can see in Castiel’s heart who he loves, then surely it can imitate Dean’s voice.
“Everything’s healed,” he said, looking up and down Cas’s chest and arms as well. “Good. Any pain?”
“Hi, Cas,” he said. His voice was hoarse.
Castiel looked away, cheeks rosy with embarrassment. It made Dean laugh. His laugh shook his whole body against Castiel’s; that was nice, and something Castiel definitely wanted to feel again.
Dean loved Charlie. He really did. What was not to love about Charlie? She was witty and clever, fun to be around, nice and supportive. Every time their paths met Dean was sure to have a delightful day -- either because they were LARPing or binging series together, or because Charlie brought an extravagant hunt with her. Charlie was the little sister he never had.
Billie said he never followed a rule in his life, but Dean follows Rowena’s notes more carefully than he’s ever done something.
. He was immortalising love – that was an important mission and he could focus his whole being on that instead of chastising himself and feeling self-conscious.
And before he can stop himself, he is hugging Cas, hard enough to bruise him, probably, but Dean doesn’t care. Cas’s arms close around him and keep him grounded. His voice – “Dean” – is a low, gravelly rumble near Dean’s ear; it’s never sounded more beautiful. (And Dean hears the words again, “I love you,” and now that Cas is alive and breathing and warm in his arms, he can think they are beautiful, too.)
quickly.
What did Jack say? “The answer is in your heart”? That was what Jack had said about faith and the divine being in everything, too. So what did it mean? Did it mean faith? Or love?
And after all these years, he had the answer. The answer was
(Dean couldn’t help but wonder if Cas often had dreams like those, since he had been pretty sure it was all a dream. But that was a question for later.)
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“What did you
“It took me time to accept that about myself, too,” Dean confessed. He felt ashamed, but it was Cas. Cas knew everything about him -- the good, the bad, the hidden, the unspeakable. “And after that, well, I didn’t think you could love me either.”
Sam has lost Eileen, too, and Charlie has lost Stevie. They’ve given love a second chance, and it came to bite them in the ass – because Death, because Chuck. But Dean is the biggest fool of all, because he’s had second chance after second chance, more than he deserves, and he’s never used them, has never tried, and just because of him Cas and he never had a chance to –
“I don’t know how to flirt,” Castiel answered.
“Making love with you?” Cas sounded offended.
In front of him, Dean was being more and more jittery. He was barely breathing now, and Cas couldn’t fathom why, or what Dean was thinking about.
“How did you know?” Cas’s voice finally came, low and nervous and small. Dean had never heard Cas talk in so low a voice.
His heart is beating faster than ever. Has he found Cas? Can it be that easy?
that stole Dean’s breath away.
Dean gulps. Clenches his jaw. Balls his hands into fists. His nails hurt the flesh here. He has to do it. To admit it to himself. If Cas was brave enough to face the truth, and accept it, and say it out loud, and die for it, then – then Dean can, to.
, Charlie. What will he think?”
And that was how their
Cas looks unconvinced, though. “It seems too easy. There must be a price.”
“Don’t insult the trench coat, Sammy.”
He tentatively replaced his hands with his mouth.
deal? How do you know he didn’t do all that in purpose? So that you’d make a deal with Cas and he’d be eternally unhappy? Doesn’t that sound like something Chuck would want?”
he typed as quickly as he could. It was a Sunday; no one in his family was at work or at school, so hopefully they would answer.
to love someone, to choose to give himself entirely instead of being forced to. Snow was falling from the sky in a slow, unstoppable course, and the world was frozen and silent and solemn, and Castiel knew that it had finally happened after years of looking in the wrong places, knew that his heart was opening up for another.
Then the smell of leather, and warmth, and the sound of an engine roaring softly, of tires on the road.
“Speak of the devil. Hello, Princess Bride,” Dean said as he hugged Charlie.
“Oh, thank fuck,” he said. That made Dean laugh.
Here. It wasn’t that difficult, finally. It just sounds true. It just is true. And Cas is right, after all. It’s a bit of a relief to finally admit it. To let go of it.
“He’s brought Castiel back before,” the Empty points out.
Dean has come here, in the Empty, to get him back.
“He wanted to thank me for signing to the bride and for not asking for soulmark pictures,” Castiel answered drily. “I do not call that ‘flirting,’” he added, mimicking the quotation marks.
“And I am... thankful that you thought of the curse, too,” Cas adds. The words seem harder to come for him, and Dean wonders why. He hates the sudden discomfort he can feel between them. What is going on? “But I would like to tell you – my happiness does not – I can be happy without –”
How come that he is only able to speak the words when Cas is lost?
Castiel realised that this had been the speech of a man who had found someone he could confide in, the speech of a man who had a lot to say but couldn’t say it till now. And Cas felt oddly flattered that Dean trusted him with his feelings on such a delicate matter, that he was able to open up to him, that he allowed this
Dean knows, right here and then, that he has to say it. For himself, and for Cas. Because they can have that, if only he stopped being so – himself.
One of the brides, Charlie, had come into the ceremony in full warrior queen garb: her dress was made of an elaborate golden plate above the waist and a fluid, crimson cloth under the waist. A sword was hanging by her side, and her wife had put a crown on her head after putting the ring on her finger. Dorothy was wearing a tuxedo, except that it was made out of leather, and her vows had included a lot of references to
“Let’s dance!” Dean said then. His smile had grown bigger still, and hope made Castiel’s heart flutter like butterfly wings.
. I know all there is to know and more.”
And here it is, the final chapter. It's a little too long but... I think you'll like that. *wink*
He couldn’t believe it. Dean
They pulled away, out of breath, their foreheads touching, their breaths mingling.
So much time spent thinking it was wrong, oh so wrong to think of Cas like that, and forbidding himself to even acknowledge it, and he never once suspected that it’d be so good, so right, so pure. It doesn’t feel disgusting or shameful, or even frightening, all of a sudden. It seems – it is –
“He looked surprised that I asked for his phone number, though. And he didn’t ask me before. I thought there was something, back at the church... but maybe I was wrong and he isn’t interested.”
“I see it in his eyes,” she said. “The way he looks at you, like you’re his everything and more, but he can’t have what he wants so he settles for just loving you from afar and enjoying every single second with you.  And there’s the way he smiles for you, only for you. The way his whole body is always turned towards you even when there’s a lot of people in the room. The way he wants to touch you but he doesn’t dare.” She took another sip of her beer. “The way you’re the most important thing for him and he abandoned everything for you again and again and he became who he really is because of you. That’s true love, bitch.”
“The self-hating angel of Thursday,” that’s what Chuck said, right? (Because that’s such a thing to say to your son who’s looked for you and believed in you and loved you all his life, and suddenly, Dean wants Chuck dead more than ever.) Well, no. Dean won’t let that happen. He won’t let Cas die alone and thinking he was unloved and unworthy.
“Can I?” he asked, his hand almost touching Cas’s tempting length.
“Cas.
’d be embarrassed.”
“Tired,” Cas groaned, and he hid his head in the pillow.
“His relationships never led anywhere,” Dean argued, trying to ignore the point that Charlie just made because thinking of Cas being attracted to men was… a lot. It was too much. As it was, he was already making a lot of effort not to look angry and flustered and bothered.
“You’ll – you’ll catch a cold. You should button up your shirt again.” Dean’s voice sounded disincarnate. Even as he said that, though, he was still staring at the mark.
He reached out a hand, grabbed Cas’s elbow softly in a question rather than in demand --
Dean was looking at him with wide eyes, and that made Castiel pause. Dean was trembling, and looking at him intently, hanging to his every word and breathing heavily as if he was out of breath, his eyes darting to Cas’s lips – undoubtedly waiting for, or perhaps fearing, the words that were about to come out of them.
“You don’t know Rowena. Everything has to be perfect.”
photographer, exactly?” Dean asked.
Castiel startles, and sits up. Dean’s voice resounds in his ears, loud and clear, on a loop:
“I want you.”
He shouldn’t get too far off the rift, though. If he does, how will he bring Cas back through it? But if he stays, he won’t find Cas. He has to keep going.
The only real thing in his life – the only thing that was just his and Cas’ – and it never became
“Dean,” Cas whispered back, and all of a sudden, all resistance left him and he was abandoned in Dean’s arms, soft and relaxed. “
are,” Dean answered. Cas opened his eyes again upon hearing that, big and blue and beautiful. He saw it in Cas’ eyes, the moment when Cas remembered that very sentence he himself had said to Dean a few weeks prior, the moment when Cas knew for sure it was not just a pretty dream, the moment when Cas lost himself in Dean’s eyes.
“Hello, I guess,” Claire muttered, after Kaia gave her a blinding smile – Kaia was the only person in the world who had that effect on her, except for Jack.
“Not the last time.”
He is no longer lost.
“You can’t give me God. You don’t have him. You
Dean’s eyes opened wide. “Dude, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to insult her—”
And he finished removing Cas’s shirt, feeling… well, perhaps he didn’t feel more confident, but at least he knew Cas had faith in him, and that was enough.
They both leaned in and their lips touched -- barely, because it wasn’t a kiss, it was a question.
He laces their fingers together, and marvels that Dean is letting him do it. Cas never thought he could even go that far.
Cas’s body tenses, Dean can feel it. So he squeezes Cas’s hand, hard.
“Sleep,” Dean said again, as he fluffed up the pillows and tucked Castiel in the blankets. Everything was warm and comfy, and Cas felt himself drift away.
“I probably should, but it was the funniest thing that ever happened in our house.” Castiel bit back a smile. “Gabe and Bal might have made a remix video out of it—”
Dean winced as he landed on his back -- that was painful -- and immediately propped himself up on his elbows to look round on alert. But the black rift disappeared immediately, and soon nothing of the Empty was left in his room. Jack and Miracle were nowhere to be seen -- knowing Jack, he’d probably taken Miracle out to play. The Bunker was silent, and the numbers on Dean’s alarm clock read that Dean had been absent less than an hour.
But then Dean sat down next to him, and took Cas’s chin in his hand, looking him up and down.
would he have mentioned that he’s single if he wasn’t interested?” Gabe rolled his eyes. “Read the signals, Cassie.”
Dean nodded. “Makes sense.”
And indeed, it was painful when Dean disinfected each injury, one by one, and stitched the skin back together. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Castiel knew that it shouldn’t hurt – angels didn’t suffer – but after all, his grace had been declining. As of last, he had been needing to sleep and eat more, his angelic senses had grown imprecise and dimmed, and he used his powers but with extreme caution and restriction.
“The Empty will never let Cas go, even if I manage to bring other angels back,” Jack said sadly.
He carefully looked away from the mirror. His cheeks were a little too red for his taste.
Cas laughed when Dean bit his earlobe, but he gasped when Dean licked at the juncture between his ear and his neck. And when Dean tried to lick and kiss his jaw, Cas
“Shut up, he’s coming back,” Castiel hissed, elbowing him.
“Maybe you are both interested but he didn’t dare ask,” Jack suggested solemnly. “Maybe he’s as intimidated as you are?”
“God, I hope,” Dean whispered. Castiel wasn’t sure he was supposed to hear that.
What happened if an angel died in the Empty? Was there someplace else dead angels went to if their remnants were killed? Would it be purely empty there, Cas wondered – no noise, no darkness, no torture, nothing, not even awareness?
He went back to Cas’s neck, licking and biting and sucking on the spot that had made Cas gasp. Cas hissed when he bit him for the first time, and he gripped Dean’s shoulders tight. “Dean,” he moaned, and Dean couldn’t stop, not when Cas moaned his name in such a sexy, sultry voice, and when his grip made Dean ever hotter and harder.
For one moment, it seemed as if the words couldn’t get out. Dean had tucked them too safely inside him and they were still too shy and too frightened to be thrown into the open. But Dean wanted to cross the threshold because on the other side there was Cas and all the things he wanted, come alive and true.
“Oh, so I’m an exception?” Dean asked. His eyes were soft.
And Dean was looking down, and looking up to Cas’s eyes immediately afterwards, and down, and up, again and again, as if he couldn’t look Cas in the eye but still needed to see his reaction.
“But that’s what happened.”
about him -- something wild and demanding and
Thankfully, he had other ways to communicate, now.
“You don’t enjoy parties much, do you?” Dean asked.
Cas opened his eyes, laboriously. Dean was watching him intently, searching his face. “Okay. Good. Er, Cas – I have to take care of your injuries, alright? It’ll – It’ll hurt a bit, you won’t be able to sleep for now, but it’ll soon be over, okay?”
It can’t be that hard. Yet it is.
“No, I found you interesting when you did and I wanted to flirt with you, you dumbass.”
Well, Rowena might reprimand him for not paying attention to a wedding she had poured every bit of her soul into (Pagan weddings were her thing, and that was the reason Castiel enjoyed them so much: nothing like pure joy on the face of someone who has been beaten up by life). Or she might encourage him to think about Dean even more. There was no way to know what she would say.
The kid didn’t seem to mind, if the way he hugged Dean back was any clue. He would have to make sure Jack came home very, very often.
and spouting cowboy pick-up lines at a guy is so gay it must have killed the precious few straight people at this wedding. What did he say? Exactly. Tell me. Word for word.”
“Dean,” Cas’s voice came, throaty and painful. “You shouldn’t have come.”
“You’re a funny guy, huh?” Dean asked after he had swallowed. “Still, must be pretty hard to attend all those parties. How did you become a wedding photographer?”
All this time wasted thinking Cas couldn’t possibly love him back – that he was so out of Dean’s league that it wasn’t even an option – that Dean didn’t deserve it anyway – that it would only end in tragedy – that it wasn’t normal and good to feel that way for his best friend, his angel – that Cas surely didn’t have feelings like that – and Cas had liked April and Meg anyways – and there was nothing Dean could offer...
A chill went down Castiel’s spine.
“I took a class. I was curious.” It wasn’t the full story, of course, but the entire thing was a bit too long for polite conversation. He was already asking a lot of Dean right now, it would be unfair to demand more.
Cas shook himself out of it. “Yes. I’m with you, Dean. Let’s go.”
Dean wishes he had the words. If only he could say it.
long. Couldn’t Cas just rip off the band-aid? Definite rejection would be better than this neverending waiting, at this point.
“They are. Ever since Sam proposed to Eileen, they’ve had this weird wedding fever...”
They should have a spell for it somewhere in the Bunker, shouldn’t they? They have fucking spells for everything here. A spell to resurrect an angel – shouldn’t be too hard. Wasn’t that what Nick had tried with Lucifer, anyway? There should be notes left somewhere.
“I love you,” Dean whispered against the pulse point in Cas’s neck. Would he ever get tired of saying it? Probably not. He wanted Cas to hear it everyday. He wanted Cas to know it as a certain truth, something that would always be the realest thing in their lives. He wanted Cas to never think again that he wasn’t wanted or wasn’t loved or couldn’t have what he desired most. And he, Dean, was no longer able to shut up now that his barriers had been broken down by this angel who was -- most inexplicably -- in love with him.
"This shirt was my favourite!"
A flapping of wings later, a short haired blond, stern looking woman,
He was grinning. But as his eyes went from Rowena to Castiel, his grin faltered and his eyes physically darkened. The green of his iris turned to complete black.
"Wouldn't ya idjits wanna come inside?"
"I'm soft for cartoons",
They reach the roadhouse. Fairly quick.
With a swift swoosh, he was gone.
On their way, Dean asks about Sam's life.
"Y-yeah..I think he went that way",
"That-that's no trouble. I mean he- he had enough trauma to last him a lifetime",
The night sky was rising up as the sun was sinking into the west and the sky was decorated with purple, red, orange and blue colours, blended in perfectly, with some swirling, thin lines of white clouds, the sun gave a unique colour and angle  of the sunset.
"Cas?", Dean chokes. He places the box on the counter and run into Cas. He buries his head in Cas' shoulder, in an attempt to hide his tears from everyone else. But Cas knows he's crying, he can hear his shallow breaths and his wet tears.
It was a sight to see.
Dean didn't like the idea, but he had to do it, if he wants answers, which he does, really badly.
Rowena pointed at the golden eyed witch, who was tapping his feet nervously, glancing everywhere but at his unconscious brother. Meg was sitting silently, although her body displayed the tension she was feeling
"Dean, I know you better than THAT", the voice chuckled sadly.
Gabriel dropped Castiel down on the table in the library.
"I'm so sorry Dean. I didn't want to hurt you, but you left me with no choice"
"Im-im fine", he blinked,"Rowena told me you brought me back. Thank you for that",
Dean scoffs, "I see you've chosen your side. The losing side",
The punch left Dean half conscious, which was not a good sight for him as it left cas with the upper hand. Working to his advantage, cas rolled over Dean and trapped him under himself.
"Thank you", smiled Dean.
Before he can think of anything, cas mutters all of his angelic strength and punches Dean from below his chin, upwards into the roof.
"You think you can lie to ME? I'm not called the High Goddess because I smoke weed and get high, Dean",
Castiel's soul was in the land of the dead.
In a second, the tall, bow-legged figure of Dean Winchester was standing in  front of her.
He starts laughing
Dean hums before saying and nods, "Lets stay few minutes more."
"Thank you", she smiled.
Dean summoned his black cloak and covered Cas with it. The cloak would teleport him to the human world.
Rolling Cas on his back, Dean scooped him up the bridal way and ran, as far as he could from that damned corner of the veil. It was the end point where the veil led to the empty, which terrorised Dean even worse. It couldn't be a coincidence that Cas JUST went there. Dean's money was on the fact that The Empty called him. He would have to have a word with it. He made a mental note.
Can't really say he was out of breath, but he sure was tired when he reached the corner.
"Who gave you the right to barge into heaven whenever you please!"
The good thing is, he's on very good terms with the High Goddess.
Dean lowered his eyes to his hands,
"You mean HER? The High Goddess?" She followed his eyes.
"What?"
"Amara, I-"
"But-",
"Point", the Witch sighed,"What will you do now?", Rowena asked, meddling with the owl skull on the cloth in front of her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Deam turns towards Sam and goes after him.
Before Rowena could even open her mouth, a rapt knocking on the door caught her attention.
"I like you to try when you're unconscious", Cas put his palm of Dean's forehead. The Knight screamed in agony and blackout.
Dean's breath hitches as he meets Cas' eye. When was the last time he saw those beautiful blue eyes? They were tearful as well.
Hope you enjoyed the story!
she told them, except for the talking bit.
"You two have alot to catch up about," Jack wisphers while the crowd surrounding them is busy.
Everyone, including Sam, brust out in laughter again.
"And how will you do that, handsome?" Meg smirked.
"I told you '', A deep voice echoed.
Dean gave her one hell of a stink eye, but agreed to allow Charlie to tag along with him, who grinned as wide as the Grinch before stealing Christmas.
"Dean. You don't have to sad. They will come to see you if they want to. You are a better person than the 2 of them combined. Don't be sad. This is heaven, YOUR heaven",
