, but the words, when he found them, were far more neutral.  “Before we lost ARC, but it’s just not gonna happen.  We haven’t got the resources to try and take Stark Industries to the mat over those patents, and we’re kinda way too late to be resisting the takeover at this point.”
"Those ones too,"  Tony agreed.  "So what; you running away from home and telling Dad to piss up a rope?"
In which something found is lost again, and urban wildlife make themselves useful.
“God dammit,”  Hill breathed.
“This isn’t a good way back,” Barnes said after several minutes.  The Russian winter had crept back into his voice, and the drape of his hair masked his face, but Phil knew that Barnes’ eyes would be moving quick, taking in every detail, analyzing every possible threat.
“Oh yeah,” James nodded.  “First thing after they ran the VIN number.  Positive match, of course.  Coroner said he was confident Stane couldn’t have survived blood loss of that volume in such a hostile environment.  They’re declaring him dead, and given where they found his car, and the dirty connections that are starting to surface around his tracks, CID is closing the investigation into his death as well.”
thought he was dead,”  Fury corrected.  “Or close enough to it that he rewrote his will to cut his son out of it.”
"Oh.  Well, could I maybe call back after he's-"
It was a fine morning, crisp and bright, with a sky the kind of blue that New York didn’t often see, and the damp of a heavy dew clinging to the long shadows as the sun made its way up through the skyscrapers.  Steve headed for the subway station with a spring in his step and a ridiculous urge to whistle held firmly behind his teeth -- this was New York, after all, too much cheer before rush hour was always held in deep suspicion. But he hadn’t gone more than a block or two before he realized what a shame it would be to spend any part of a morning like that underground.  And it wasn’t all that far to Brooklyn on foot, especially if he took it at a run.  Heck, he’d probably even wind up getting there faster than if he hailed a cab at this hour, anyway.  And well... he could stand to burn off a little bit of energy before he took himself back to face the music at White Star.
Steve didn’t pull back, didn’t resist the weight of Tony’s hand, didn’t squirm or plead with his eyes, he just waited, content to trust that Tony, barely more than a stranger to him, would let him breathe when it was needed.  For a moment, the power of that trust, the heated weight of it made Tony’s vision glitter, and his balls draw up tight against Steve’s chin.  It took several deep breaths and a vicious bite to his own lip to drag Tony back from that edge.
, because that’s really not it at all, I swear, it’s just that, well Tony, you’re building something good here.  You’re making people’s lives
“That’s all I’m after here," Tony promised, lifting a hand in invitation, leading this trusting stranger to lay himself out, naked and hard in Tony's unmade bed.  It was nothing short of a quiet miracle when Steve did just that, settling in warm and strong alongside him, asking nothing, offering everything.  Tony couldn't help smiling as he leaned low to kiss those blue eyes closed, murmuring, "That’s all I need.”
Fury did that thing where he stared at you and waited for you to get the jitters, but Rogers didn’t seem like he was sweating at all, and finally, it was Fury who blinked.  “The last thing I need is a loose cannon in my executive crew,”  he growled.
As always, thanks in advance for the comments and cheerleading -- they're what gives me life!
“Yes, of course,”  Jarvis murmured, making an effort not to remember the smell, the heat, and the icy draught of panic setting in as he realized that he had a two hundred pound mess on his hands, and no idea how to tidy it up.  In a life such as his, it was difficult to assign which moment was luckiest over another, but the moment when Lt. Colonel James Rhodes chose to take his call, and talk him out of turning himself in to the authorities on the spot sat very high in the rankings.  Jarvis did not for one minute regret having killed Stane.  He was then, and remained to this day, ready to face prison for his act of revenge against that duplicitous parasite of a man, but that did not mean Jarvis was in any way
"So you lost him three hours ago,"  Nick prompted, striding over to take the carafe away and pour out a cup for himself before smacking it back down in front of the man.
pants.”
to fix that.
With his foot on the step, Fury turned and smirked.  “Oh, I haven’t forgotten.  It’s just that I’m late for an interrogation report on your captive, and you’re late for a debriefing with Assistant Director Hill, so we’re gonna have to leave our quid pro quo for after the dust settles.”
"Want me to guess?"
“Yasha,” she started, turning, reaching.  She stopped when he put his metal hand up, palm first between them.
In which habits are broken, challenges are set, and expectations exceeded.
“I... you... already...”
“So do I get to ask you questions now?”  Steve asked after awhile, sitting up and righting his hair again with maddening ease.
being a horny little shit at the time, of course, but everybody else at MIT was at least three years older than me, and Rhodey..." for just a second, that weightless smile flickered out, but Tony caught the slip before it fell too far, and carried the joke home valiantly.  "My roommate would have killed anybody who took me up on it.  He was ROTC, too, so he'd have known a dozen foolproof ways to get rid of the body."
“I assume they tested it for DNA as well?”
“Oh, he’s older than he looks,” Phil promised.  “Seen him since last Thursday?”
He didn’t say that kind of thing anymore.  Not because he wasn’t a genius, of course, and definitely not because he wasn’t vain.  It was more like Life had gone out of its way to instruct Tony as to the depth of his privilege, and what kind of genius could he claim to be if he refused to learn a lesson like that one?
Clint leaned out over the handrail and scanned the floor below to be sure Rogers was still down there going through Howard’s desk and files.  Then he settled back against the big robot arm he’d found up here in the graveyard of half-finished ideas, and replied to the question James hadn’t asked as well.
Best to get it over with.
"And yet you're still speaking,"  Steve grumbled from the shadows as Tony re-locked the door.
“What are you doing?” Barnes leaned close to murmur as he sat beside.
One halfway intent Google search into the identity Howard's people had given him, and Steve knew his brief vacation would be over.  Bucky's new girlfriend and that archer fella would know for sure that Steve's airline ticket to London, train tickets to Boston and Cardiff, bus tickets to upstate, Chicago, and Florida, and car rental for Hollywood were red herrings.  (Assuming they'd been fooled by any of that in the first place -- a notion Steve was not taking for granted here.)  And then they'd be back to shadowing Steve's every damned move again, and privacy be damned.
The pair eyed him for a long moment of silence, then Natasha stole the carafe from Barton and slugged back a long drink, while Barton leaned back in his chair and gave Nick the disingenuous stare he'd come to dread.  It meant the archer was
He tugged Steve into a nice, easy rhythm, and twisted back to reach the box he kept in the headboard.  Lube in a lotion bottle (never let anyone say being able to get at your lube one-handed wasn’t an important feature!) and a sleeve of condoms that Tony could only hope were still within range of their expiration date.  Steve didn’t have the right angle now for his earlier trick of seamlessly deep-throating Tony, but he was still giving it a solid try, and the occasional, violent flutter of Steve’s throat muscles fighting off a gag reflex was just about as distracting.
“Hey.”
Steve conjured up a smile and turned it toward him as he hurried up the last few steps to Tony’s side.  "Just turning my phone off," he said, though it hadn't been on since the moment he'd hung up with Tony at the subway entrance.  "Don't want to be interrupted."
than just a genuis who’d be good at making things explode.  He hadn’t realized quite how much he’d come to love the boy until he was suddenly gone -- banished to the wilds of Boston and MIT, and no longer a balance in the household against Maria’s subdued depressions and Howard’s increasingly abrasive ambitions.  And then, finally... well.
“At first, I left you alone because I know what hunted looks like on a person’s face, even when they’re smiling and being gracious to hide it,” he said.  “I didn’t want to be part of the problem that seemed like it might drive you away.”
In the darkness of the locked up clothing shop, Steve took care of a bit of housekeeping; set the  computer to deleting everything but the operating systems, and downloading the online phone book that nice barista had shown him on Sunday morning.  He figured that ought to do for the security footage, assuming she hadn’t already sent it to anybody.  This girl didn’t strike him as the type who’d settle for a picture of a catch if she stood a chance at the real thing though, so he’d just have to hope for the best.
Steve easily fended Tony off though, and managed a shorts-snap of his own in retaliation.  “I admit no such thing.  But you’d better share pictures if you put it on when I’m not around!”  Things devolved into a gently flirty roughhousing for awhile, dying down into cuddling again once both of them were giggling too hard to continue.
.  Brought hundreds of POW's home, and left the whole prison camp in flames behind him, then he spends the rest of the war doing it again and again and again?"  Barton shook his head.  "Dude like that was never gonna stay quiet and play in the yard for very long, Boss.  You were gonna have to introduce the world to him sometime or other."
Tony let it come, clenching side, watering eyes, and all, wondering how long it had been since he’d let himself laugh like this, openly, loudly, unafraid... and more importantly, for joy instead of for show.  Not since Afghanistan, definitely, but before that, Tony had mostly spent his time with Vanko, who as far as Tony knew didn’t actually know how to laugh, and with Pepper, whom Tony had been desperately courting on many levels.  Jarvis was good for a bit of dry sarcasm, of course, but after Ana’s illness and the split with Howard, the old man’s jokes came less frequently.  Maybe back in college, with Rhodey... well.
And Tony grinned, stroked a hand through Steve’s sweaty, hanging hair, and said, “Make me come.  Then make me proud.”
“Damn straight,”  Clint put in.  “Especially knowing the kind of shit that HYDRA can pull.”
From TheLastOf -- Y. He’s fine.  Fury with U?
for it.  And more than that, he’d put himself into the situation where he needed to beg for it all by himself, and now the consequences were positively going to
sound loaded.  Steve’s face was pensive in the low morning light, eyes downturned, as if examining the worth of his two, big hands.  Tony could think of a few thousand things to say to shake Steve out of whatever dark place it was he’d wandered, but there was something in the turn of Steve’s lip, the crease of his brow that stopped the words on his tongue, and made him wait the silence out instead.
“Well anyway, I’m sorry I overstepped,”  Steve went on, audibly squaring himself up against the rejection he thought he had coming.  “I promise I won’t bother you aga-“
"You gotta give the guy credit,"  Barton muttered with a wince as Romanoff knotted the gauze, "The raccoons were a stroke of genius."
‘Today’, in fact, was only about an hour and a half old by the time Phil found a parking space to put Lola in.  He unclipped his seat belt, and with his hand on the keys, paused.  “You can stay with the car if you’d like,” he offered to the statue in his passenger seat.  “I don’t expect this will take long...”  The offer was genuine -- it really wasn’t a great neighborhood to be leaving a car like Lola unattended.  But Barnes’ lip curled into a silent snarl at the supposed challenge to his courage all the same, and he unfastened his belt with a furious snap, and was out of the car before Phil even got the keys out of the ignition.
“Better,” Steve allowed, sparing him exactly one glance, and exactly half a smile, and yep, right on cue, Tony’s cock started suggesting that maybe things weren’t so bad after all.  “Core muscles,” the golden haired sadist then reminded him as that damned pencil resumed scratching.  “Using your back instead of your core’s why you keep falling off the rope in Gym class.  Tighten up your belly, tuck your hips forward, and it’ll hurt less.”
Nick felt the muscles under his good eye twitch as Natasha picked up the frozen peas and held them to the bruise swelling her left cheek.
Fury huffed to a stop on the workshop floor, turned to Clint, and with a glance demanded to know whether he’d maybe fallen on his head a few too many times in his infancy.  Clint grinned, and with a shrug allowed as how maybe he had been, but what was he gonna do about it now?  Safely behind Fury’s shoulder, Barnes rolled his eyes and allowed a tickle of a smile to break the ice away from his scowl.
"I live upstairs from the damn Center, Steve!"  Tony realized he was shouting at the phone and stopped.  "Which... you probably didn't realize."  He hadn't
It was hard for Tony not to flinch at those words -- the implication behind them hit a lot closer to home than Tony had been ready for in his moment of outreach -- but he’d thought he managed it.  Until Steve’s fingers tightened on his, and those blue eyes were suddenly locked on, wide and worried.
"Steve,"  the adorable asshole answered, wry and sly and kissable, "Steve Rogers."
Until tonight.
As if summoned (or more likely, listening at the door, as the analyst had a habit of doing,) Sousa the younger put her head into the room to announce,  "Animal Control filed a pickup report on two adult raccoons and three juveniles in Grand Central this evening, Boss.  Said they were nesting in the store room of the bagel place that closed down last month, and workmen probably disturbed them."
By which, of course, he meant the ransom money; existing in a tenuously legal grey space between Edwin Jarvis’s loyalty and Tony Stark-no-its-Carbonell-now’s stubbornness.  None of his kidnappers had lived to collect it, and Howard hadn’t lived to ask for it back either, and Howard’s estate seemed to have better things to think about than a stray ten million gone from petty cash.  For now, anyway.  But instead of picking at the thread of
The blush heightened, Steve's eyes fluttered briefly closed as he shivered and sucked in a breath past damp, soft lips. “I’m just a kid from Brooklyn,” he said
“I just hadn’t gotten on the train yet,”  Steve came back, all huffy as he correctly divined that he’d been busted lingering about close while he waited for Tony to call him.  “I could maybe ride around for half an hour if that’d make you feel safer though!”
Steve made himself laugh, shaking the intrusive self pity out of his head.  This wasn't about Bucky.  It wasn't about Tony's friend either, and it wouldn't do either one of them any good to make their stolen evening swing that way.  He refocused his attention on Tony, and found the same kind of wry regret haunting that rakish face as he felt in his own.
“Or pneumonia’s a little springtime cold,”  Barnes agreed, pure threat in his voice, which Clint worked hard not to find adorable, on account of metal elbows were sharp.
Steve wasn’t in the bed when Tony woke up. Tony weathered a moment of disappointment over that, glowering at the 5:30 on the alarm clock’s entirely unreasonable face until he realized that there was a light on in the other room, and his chair had been brought over from the charging stand, and parked beside the bed.  Listening hard, Tony caught the faint whirring of servos at work in the other room, and the occasional flutter of paper, and then he smiled.
“Well yeah, who wouldn’t?” He threw after her as she headed for the door, still chuckling.
Here was a kid just as lost, just as lonely as him, a kid who felt that hiding in public was better than being safe at home, wherever home was, and it wasn’t right that they should reveal each other like this and still feel so helplessly alone.  It wasn’t right.  It wasn’t what Tony wanted this to be.
Fury turned to his lieutenant.  “Get Barnes on it.  I want proof this was a willing sale before we move in to recover.  What time did the tracker go still?”
Jarvis blinked.  “I’m sorry, where is...?”
Clint looked at the keys dangling in the sunshine, then gave Rogers another once-over, and set the coffeepot down.  “Or you could just ask me to open up Stark’s workshop for you,” he offered.  “I mean, it’s kinda yours anyway, so it’s not like I’m particularly invested in keeping you out of it or anything.”  Rogers gave him back a deeply skeptical eyebrow, and Clint shrugged.  “What?  It’s not like you ever asked before!”
“Well, it seems to me,” Rogers said, taking a measuring glance at each of them, but letting it rest on Barnes just a little longer.  “Seems to me that there’s a lot of people who don’t come back from experiences like kidnapping and ransom exchanges, but there’s a lot
“No way, Poster boy!”  Tony went on.  “I’ll be the one to decide when you get to fuck off out of it, and it won’t be before you’ve given me a fair shot at that tiara!  Now where the hell are you?”
.  In which case, not so much with me getting them.”
He'd show up at the White Eagle around 9:30 or 10:00, slipping quietly in as the last of the Corporate Happy Hour Slummers were staggering off to make their way back uptown now that they'd had their fill of risky for the night.  First glance, he fit right in with them; hot, white, and rich -- money in every line of him, from the perfect tailoring of his bespoke suits, to the 'hours-of-workout-every-day' body he fit into them.  Even the cut of his corn-gold hair was expensive -- the kind that a man could ignore, or abuse, and still look photo-spread ready with five minutes, a little water, and a comb.  Tony knew better than most of the White Eagle's regulars what kind of money it took to get results as reliable as those.  But Mr. Thursday Night's wore his gorgeous like he didn't notice it, and his money like it itched, and he never once tarried with the other Suits as they crossed paths in the taproom.
Biting back a groan, as well as about thirty or forty very pointed words that would
"Old enough to know better now,"  Tony agreed, reaching up to trace callused, competent fingers through Steve's hair, from temple to nape.  "Young enough to do it anyway."  He tipped a nod at the sofa, which looked like it had probably come from Tony's college years too, and his smile went a little dirty again.  "So, you wanna make out right here, or...?"
“Just,”  Tony gasped, arching his back to better feel that magnificent weight inside him, “like that.  Can you wait to come till I tell you?”
Phil gave back his blandest smile as Barnes, glowering defiantly, sloshed the shotglass full, and tossed it back like a dare.
When Tony’s balls wrung up tight and hard, tension coiling like a trigger spring in his belly, and his cock bucking wet and ready between them, Tony dragged Steve down to him by the hair, kissed him hard, hard, hard: all teeth and tongue and more teeth again, and snarled, “You come when I do!”
Tony grinned at that, and lifted one hand in invitation.  “That’s all I’m after here,” he said as Steve let himself be reeled in and settled, warm and close, and
In which is considered finances, flowers, ORG charts, and the tao of poolside tanning.
“A mistress or girlfriend, you’d have reported so we could run a security check on her,” he went on as the couple headed for the exit,  “But a gay bar with a kinky club in the basement?  I figured you’d probably just look into it on your own, so that nobody else would have to know he was coming here.”  He snagged the bottle and glass and poured one out.  The vodka smelled primal and terrifying, like prairie wildflowers hiding a sabre toothed cat.  He sniffed it again, and put the shotglass down.
“Ah.  8:20, sir,”  Daisy said, caught offguard by how very human her top-bosses seemed when stress had worn them thin.  “Ten minutes before the closing time listed on the website.”
“- didn’t really like it either, I could tell,”  Tony finished for him, fiddling with the hem of his shorts to give his hands something to do.  “And the second reason is because the wheelchair tilts the playing field for me.”  Steve gave him a querying look, and Tony sighed.  “People either are more into me than they would have been because of the ‘plucky survivor’ idea, or they feel like they’re doing me some kind of a favor by paying attention to me, or they’re turned off by the idea that I might be breakable.  It kind of sucks no matter which way it rolls.”
“He wasn’t safer without you,” he told the tombstone then,  expecting and receiving no warmer reaction from it, than he’d had from the man beneath it any time he had protested the distance Howard created between his son and the rest of his life.  “Nor you, without him.  You Stark men, each imagining yourselves Atlas to carry the world alone.  You ought to have told him everything, and let him
“Hard,”  Tony urged.
her teeth were flashes of angry white in the glower of her face.
*** Fury ***
"And then people start acting like you can be collected, or bequeathed, or..." Steve's jacket pulled up over his wrist as he gestured, and a Breitling watch peeked out of the sleeve.  "Or even sold, and you get no damn say in it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s eyes shivered closed for a second, but then he pushed back, drawing his length out of Tony’s body, leaving an eager emptiness behind.  Almost pulled clear, he stopped, licked his lips and asked, “How hard?”
*** Barton ***
Tony didn’t answer, just plucked the envelope from her hands, slipped a long file under the flap and cut the top, his expression oddly intense, as though he was equal parts alarmed, and excited, and couldn’t tell which one to feel first.  Then he dropped the small card into his hand, and flipped it open to reveal two lines of text, a number, and a signature.
“Hmmn mm,”  Steve responded eagerly, shifting to get his right hand up to Tony’s belly without letting go of the prick in his mouth.  When Tony pumped a few good squirts across those fingers -- and what nice, thick fingers they were, too -- Steve immediately smeared them together, and hiked his ass up off the bed, reaching back as he spread his knees wide.
“Help me,” was what Fury’s words said, but what his face said was more like
Her face went tense, worried, and she edged toward the wall nervously.  “What about it,” she began, leaning to steal a glance for herself.
In which scars are measured in less than twenty questions, and the matter of the missing elevator is explained.
"Follow orders?"  Steve laughed, but let himself be drawn up onto the sidewalk at last,  "And here I thought you knew all about Captain America."
He let that idle notion occupy his mind as he ran -- not full out, he wasn’t as reckless as all that, after all -- but hard enough and long enough to keep his blood up and his skin warm as he put the miles and the Village behind him.  He considered, as he went, just what kind of effort it might take if he were to decide to make this trip by way of rooftops alone.  He’d certainly be able to make the jumps at most side streets, and probably at a few of the major intersections as well, if he judged his run-up right.  And too, if he tried it at night, and wore black tac gear, he might actually not be noticed while he was at it.  Not that his life held much call for that kind of rowdiness these days, but there was only so many times a fella could run around Central Park without the serum in his veins begging for a little adventure.
“Even the guy with the-”  Tony mimed an enormous mustache, and Steve’s hair flopped about as he nodded wildly again.
“Because Rhodey said he was gonna wring your neck if he had to keep coaching you on weights like normal people do,”  Steve’s mild voiced reminder let Tony know his internal narrative had slipped out on him again.  “And I may owe him, and occasionally think you’re cute, but I don’t need to be treated to your rich-little-asshole act when I’m trying to do you a favor,” he set the sketchbook aside now, and those arclight blue eyes fastened on Tony’s with an utter lack of pity as Steve uncoiled from the sofa like a rising storm god.  “So since
"Since...?"  Tony felt Steve brush a tentative hand up along the side-brace of his exosuit, and he nodded, grateful now for his earlier, annoyed confession.  It meant he didn't need those words now.
“It was always the plan to put me in front of the public,”  Rogers went on, a glance too quick, and too loaded to be read scraping over Barnes before he fixed his attention back on Fury.  “That’s what you’ve been telling me since I woke up here; the fancy clothes, the history lessons, the business and public speaking coaching;  all that’s really no different from the old USO act, just with fewer chorus girls.  And frankly Colonel, I think we both know that’s a waste of the serum’s potential.”
uncover Hydra once Madame was gone.  He might have been your staunchest ally...”  He sighed then, suddenly chilled with a familiar old futility, and said, “You’re beyond regretting that now, though.”
No false claims as to devotions of husband or fatherhood there, Jarvis was grimly satisfied to note, just a finely detailed list of Mr. Stark’s many and varied contributions to mankind’s technological ability to destroy itself, engraved on the sides and back of the imposing stone edifice.  No mention anywhere in the list of the son Stark had left behind.  Twice.
“Ok, good. And can I have a couple of hours with you sometime this week?  I’d like to go over some of Stark Industries’ charitable donations with you -- get an idea of where we’re throwing our weight these days.”  Rogers glanced up as Fury and Barnes came down the stairs, flashed them both a smile and the same ‘hang on a minute’ finger he’d shown Clint, then returned his attention to the phone.  “Tomorrow at ten.  Got it.  Thanks so much, Bambi.  I’ll see you then.”
“Stark and Carter both knew what they were risking with this op.  They both knew how hard Pierce, Ross, and Garrett would fight to keep Rogers, and they both knew very well what it could cost them personally, and they never once flinched.  Hell, Howard even rebuilt his will expecting that this might be the op where Hydra finally killed him, and you damn well
“Shhh, honey,” Tony grinned at the anxious wrinkle between Steve’s eyebrows.  “Shh.  I’m going to tell you yes.”  The eyebrows raised, wrinkle banished, but Tony pressed again to stall whatever he was going to say.  “Not because you’ve convinced me of the purity of your intentions or anything though.  I’m going to tell you yes, because I can already tell how stubborn you are, and I’m pretty sure if I tell you no, you’ll just find a way to dump money on me from a third hand or fourth hand source.  Am I right?”  Only then did he lift his hand away.
“Your lamp’s named Dummy?”  Steve wondered, following the line of Tony’s gaze.”
“He’s gone to the SI campus,” Hill answered,  “Cell won’t reach him there, but Active Com will if it’s impor-”
"My tribe,"  Steve grinned, positively wicked for an instant, then his gaze slipped past Tony's shoulder as Somboon came up to the table, his apron in his hand, and an apologetic smile on his face.  This time it was Steve who yanked his hand back.
Tony couldn’t help smiling.  “Nothing,” he promised, watching those expressive eyes speak their silent truths.  “I just wanted to see you.”  Oh mercy, there went that pretty blush again, rosy and perfect as it brightened those chiseled cheekbones like the dawn.  Tony wanted badly to see just how far down that shy pink spread, but he found that even more, he wanted to keep Steve’s gaze on his, to hold it steady and watch the shadows clear from those bright eyes, leaving only trusting heat behind.  Until Steve could look back at him and know Tony meant every word when he breathed, “You’re so beautiful.”
“I didn’t say it was your fault,”  Barnes glowered, stalking forward.  “I’m gonna blame you anyways.”
Fury answered with one just like it.  “And I say he’s worth it.  Maybe it doesn’t seem like it now, but let him get his bearings, and he’ll be the best asset we’ve ever had.”
He slipped from the bed, taking care to tuck the blankets down around Clint first, lest the draught of chill wake him.  Natalia did not turn as he padded near, but a moment after he stopped, she pressed away the last few milimetres of empty air between her back and his chest.  He did not put his arms around her though, did not tempt the restless ghost of half remembered training sessions and other, sweatier moments stolen from the silence, and punished brutally upon discovery.  That would never be comforting between the likes of them, the Widow and the Soldier, again.
“By the time we caught any slack,” Fury went on, “they were already digging out the terrorist camp and naming the dead hostages by their dental records and finger prints.  It was over, and we were just too late.”
“The Hydra rumors,”  James agreed, darkly.  “We got whispers of all that overseas, but conspiracy theories from home are just downtime entertainment when you’ve got a war to fight.”  Then he tugged the pockets of his jacket down, a restless, frustrated move that sounded bigger than it was in the gloom.  “Until they aren’t.”
She boosted her chin, squared her shoulders like she was facing a firing squad.  “Getting Rogers has already cost us more than any other op we’ve run,” she said, all defiance.  “He cost us Stark, and he cost us Carter, her entire security detail, and we’re still figuring out how many covers were burned getting him into our hands.  And for what?”  her hands broke formation, a futile, fluttering gesture that seemed to speak more of distress than rage.  “What did those losses buy us aside from a famous name we can’t let him use?  It got us a twitchy, pig headed relic of a vet with PTSD and survivor’s guilt decades deep, whom we can’t even send for counseling, in case someone leaks!  I don’t call that a good return on investment, sir!”
They had spent that first night back in a New York hotel.  Anonymous and cramped, he would have called it once, but after six months of Afghanistan, he couldn't call it anything but luxury.  After Jarvis had gone to his own room to sleep off the jet lag, Tony had hauled himself out of bed, stripped his clothes off, and crawled to the full length mirror that made up the closet door.  There he’d looked at himself, thin and sallow in the unforgiving light, for a long time, and he’d told himself, over and over, that this was it.  This was how it was going to be now.
“Your time is worth paying for,” she told him, trying for earnest rather than exasperated and ready to smack him.  “You’re a genius, Tony!  Your mind operates on a world-changing level, and you know it!  The ARC battery alone-”
The girl lay stunned and blinking at the sky when Steve reached her, only weakly resisting as he pried open her jaw and ran a knowing finger along her back teeth.  But all her teeth were her own, none weak and ragged and filled with cyanide.  A contractor then; a remora hoping for an in with the big sharks, which he found rather sad, despite his relief that she wouldn’t necessarily draw a lot of notice when she didn’t open her shop on time today.
"S... Steve..."  Fingers threaded into his hair, trembling just a bit as he turned his face, turned his kiss to that heated thrust of cock and knelt back in a long, wet slide to reach the head.  This, he knew.  This wouldn't be different, new, or strange -- neon lit, chromed, and computerized.  This would be just like it always had been; the taste of salty skin, the growing hint of come spreading across his tongue, bitter or funky or sour or sweet or all of them together.  The heavy slide, solid and thick and knocking against his gag reflex until he made himself relax, open into an almost-yawn and-
To his own surprise, (and, he suspected, to Steve's surprise as well) he didn't even try particularly hard, beyond the offhand invitation they both seemed to expect once Karl shouted for last call, and they both realized they'd been talking all night.  Steve shrugged it off with a bashfulness that Tony found somehow more charming than the gracious retreats he'd seen the man give other would be suitors before.
Steve blinked.  He hadn't thought he could be
The barkeep sighed, and braced one fist on his hip.  “Honey, you’re gonna have to buy more than a coupla drinks if you’re shopping for that kind of gossip”
Fury let the silence hang for a long moment after Hill finished speaking.  Then he tipped his head a little to the side, and regarded his deputy over the steepled point of his fingers.  “You done?” he asked.
Barnes takes twelve minutes in the resale shop.  Not that Phil was timing him, of course, it’s just that
Maybe he’d pick up some bagels on the way as a peace offering, too.
In which a pattern is broken, and someone makes a try for the crown.
"Yes," the man replied in exactly the same overly patient way that Peggy did when she thought Steve was being particularly dense.  "You've rung the Jay Street Technical Arts Centre."  There was a pause, while Steve sternly told his sinking belly not to be ridiculous, that Tony must've thought Steve was a cheating husband on the slide from a controlling wife, and so of course he hadn't given Steve his real number.  He'd been stupid to imagine that after all these years, he could just -
Phil cut another glance at the teddy bear, but shook his head.  “Just a drink this time.”
A year if he let them do the work right there, with no guarantees of success.  A week if he signed the offer away, and let Jarvis sneak him back into the US quietly and quasi-legally.  Jarvis knew a guy who knew a guy, and he had a new passport and ID for Tony, and Tony had decided he wasn't interested in asking any more questions just then.  He was going home, no matter what name he had to do it under.
“Three?  Gosh, that’s generous,” Steve snarked back.
"And raccoons, man,"  Barton agreed, miming a creature roughly Labrador sized.  "Where did he even
And yes.  Yes, they'd known that, dammit.  Damn near the entirety of White Star's legal department, and half of logistics had been working on how to make their recently rescued, and not nearly so dead as he was presumed, war hero into an actual, legal entity, capable of representing White Star to the world now that Margaret Carter couldn't do it anymore.  It didn't help that Howard, in true mad genius fashion, had filed a last minute will with his lawyers just before shit got hot with SHIELD and HYDRA, naming Steve Goddamned Rogers as his sole heir now that his own son was dead.  So they couldn't even change Cap's damned name without losing White Star's entire funding base to the inevitable squabble of second cousins and lost bastards!
Happiness? Well maybe it was, at that, but it could just be the long-forgotten taste of freedom on his tongue too.
There came that rustling sound again, and Tony could just picture one of those broad, square hands scrubbing back over Steve’s hair as he sighed.  “I.  I have no idea.  Tony, can I just make sure I understand you here?  You called to yank my ear for showing up at your place uninvited, and because you’re mad at me, you want me to buy you dinner now?”
Steve’s voice came back with a defensive, Brooklyn edge to it.  “Nothin' wrong with ridin' the subway, Anthony.”  Which was
“So, out of curiosity,” Steve said to her as he bound her hands with his tie, and knotted his dress socks together to form a gag, “Do they still honor citizen’s arrest these days?  Not that I’m going to let you run off and tattle on me either way, it’s just I figure my lawyer will probably want a bit of heads-up for whether he’s gonna charge you with attempted kidnapping, or prepare a defense for me on actual kidna-”
#WhoopsMyHandSlipped  #SorryNotSorry  #CommentsAreLove
it whispered, and
Tony glanced over to the breakfast bar and grinned.  “That’s just Dum-E’s idea of home security, I think,” he said, watching the helper bot wave his manipulator arm.  “He’ll stop once you’ve been properly introduced.  Probably.”
The whine turned into a roar, Steve’s thrusts coming harder as Tony grunted, dug his nails into that broad, sweat slick back, and came like a goddamned hurricane.  And even through the storm of it, Tony could feel Steve’s prick pulse inside him, rhythmic answer to his own body’s clasp and drag, as if, though stilled and pressed tight in orgasm, the fucking continued deep inside them both.
Rogers gave him an unimpressed look and asked,  “So there was no White Star action taken on the kidnapping?”
Fury pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed like a man doomed.  “I want analysis on this location.  Full insertion writeup and history in half an hour, and get Delta over there to see if we can get eyes on whoever’s got him-”
Steve made a noise that was something like a growl, and something like a moan, and his fingers slipped around the metal framework to clasp at Tony's hips like he was drowning.  Then he nodded his head against the curve of Tony's shoulder, and murmured, "Way, way too long."
Tony pulled a face.  "Yeah, ok, no.  Not into Thugplay here."  Which made Steve giggle, which made Tony need to kiss him again.  "Okay," he managed eventually, when they were both just a little breathless once more, "no humiliation kink, got it.  But is it okay if I tell you when you've pleased me?"  Steve's eyes fluttered closed for a moment, and a shivering stretch of pleasure worked its way seismically through him.
James shook it without a moment’s hesitation.  “So Stane’s kid kicked up a little bit of fuss at the news, but given that he won’t inherit if his dad’s just missing, that didn’t last.  At this point, far as the USAF is concerned, Obidiah Stane was either killed for the money Stark gave him to ransom Tony, or he was backdoor peddling Stark weaponry to enemies of the state, and was killed when a deal went bad.”  Which in a strictly literal sense, were both true.   Jarvis did rather appreciate that irony.
Pepper wanted to shout, to pound the table and sweep the papers, the cheap laptop, and the remains of their lunch to the floor.  She’d tried to fight it.  Even with Tony missing and maybe dead, and Ivan unravelling inside his skin from the stress, Pepper had tried with all her might to keep Stark Industries from swallowing ARC Energy Solutions.  She’d tried everything she could think of, even the very last thing either of her partners would have wanted her to resort to.
“You’re always checking,”  Barnes grumbled, settling in.
Mr. Thursday Night's brows drew down a little, the sky blue went a little stormy, those lush lips thinned disapprovingly, and honestly, how the hell was that even fair?  "Look," Tony pushed a little, snagging his drink and sipping, "park it, or flounce, your choice, but it's not like I need a second seat or anything.  And if you keep giving me that face, I'll have no choice but to tell this whole bar that you're actually Captain America, and you're only hanging around this dive until you can bust us all for being flagrantly unpatriotic."
“Mmmn?”
"Yeah, no,"  Tony said into his ear as they both clung, panting a little at the sensation. "I've waited long enough.  You?"
Fury though, wasn’t interested in Hill’s diatribe at all.  He was peering at the street view like it was a crystal ball.  “Rogers is worth more,” he said distractedly, turning the view to see farther down the street.
“The hell?” he grumbled, turning his tablet away from the glare and squinting at the completely unfamiliar hippie-clown-car that sat idling in the driveway just outside the manor’s gates.  He tapped the intercom function on and signed.  “No thanks, we’ve got all the Krishna we need.”
Tony’s smile was a warmly indulgent thing as he eased himself down onto the bed again.  “When it’s gonna rain, yeah,” he said, leaning to reach a sort of keypad tucked inside a hidden curve of the walker’s frame.  His fingers set up a quick and furtive rhythm, and the chair began to move again, folding, sliding, shifting and rearranging itself down into the bulky, two wheeled shape Steve had first seen.  Then it backed up, pivoted neatly, and rolled itself along to what looked like a kind of charging station by the bathroom.
“I think you’re forgetting the other half of our sharing moment,”  Rogers called, his face set in a scowl that said plainly that he wasn’t gonna be bought off with some busywork and a wild goose chase.
*** Tony ***
It was a surprisingly effective tactic, Steve had to admit.  "Well, in my ma's defense, " he said, reaching out to work open the chair's fastenings down Tony's legs, "She always told me I was named after my grandfather."
"He lost you."  Nick turned a chair to perch astride it, and steepled his fingers on the headrest before him.  "A man who's only been awake in this century for about a year, has managed to ditch White Star's very best retrieval team on their home turf in a train station, in the middle of the day, over
He shrugged with one shoulder, and didn’t look at her.  “What do I need a salary for, Pep?  We’ve still got plenty to live on.”
It was strange how Steve's hand didn't pull away from his, didn't flex, or grip, or flinch or stiffen at all, but somehow the comfortable intimacy of the contact was gone, leaving only something awkward and alarmed in its place.
What a surprise that had been; his little Natalia, his deadly red Widow, turning up to rescue him from the custody of his rescuers, fully prepared to fight Howard, Peggy, and every agent they could muster in James’ defense.  Even James himself had been ready to put her down then -- dreading it, yes, but certain it would have to be done.  Lucky for them all, Hawkeye made a different call.  Luckier still, the Red Widow’s conditioning turned out to be somewhat easier to break than the Soldier’s had been.
It was a culmination of the worst ideas Tony’d ever had, really.  This was worse than all the spite-blowjobs he’d performed to get thrown out of private schools (four of those, plus one hand in the pants incident with someone who’d definitely been old enough to know better,) and it was worse than that time he hotwired the headmaster’s car so he could sneak out to a party on the college campus, and gotten his first hit of cocaine off the titties of a sorority girl who definitely hadn’t believed him when he’d said he was 18, but hasn’t seemed to care at the time.  Hell, it was even worse than that time he’d insulted the math teacher’s basic algebra in front of the whole class once he’d finally washed out into public school.
There  was a certain sound that all soldiers learn by heart.  It was a jarring kind of ratcheting metal on metal sound that would put anybody with two good ears on edge, even if they hadn’t ever seen a slug of lead and copper blast a hole in a soldier and leave him bleeding in the dust.  It cut through the electric hum of the machine before him, and put every hair on Steve’s body on end.
The laugh that cracked out of Tony then was a brittle thing.  "They always say that."
“Know her?”  Clint laughed, and slipped the bagels into the toaster oven.  “Hell, man, I’ve shot her twice, this year alone!  How the hell did you corner her alive?”
"Some people would say he signed up to be a symbol anyway, so what does it matter whose poster he's on?"  Thursday's expression was mild as milk, but the challenge remained in the quirk of his smile, and it couldn't have got under Tony's skin quicker.
This time when he slowly closed his eye, it stayed closed.  “Go home, Johnson,” he said.
Barnes shook his head in emphatic agreement, and Fury sat back, giving up all pretense to resistance with a sigh.  “All right, then this’ll be your case, Deputy Director Rogers,” he said, and acted like he didn’t see Rogers blink back from the WTF title like it had smacked him in the forehead.  “Johnson and Romanoff are working on Flowers’ encryptions.  I’ll have Klein get you the records we have on the kidnapping in the morning.”
"Well that makes sense," Tony agreed, leaning a little so Steve could undo the last clasp, highest up on his leg.  "There must've been hundreds of little Steve Rogers in those first few baby boom years.  Hey, sit back for a minute, ok?"  he asked, then as Steve complied, leaned over and braced both hands heavily on Steve's shoulders as he pushed up out of the metal frame's embrace.
"Well you didn't give me your e-mail!"
"What's that?"  Tony asked, voice low and furtive as he pushed back the door and let light spill out of the apartment behind it.
"I... uh, I don't.  Have it.  My phone," he said, evasive in all the wrong ways all of a sudden.  Tony leveled his best '
“We’re a private company, not the US Army.  You won’t have the weight of the Government behind you if you screw up.”
"Tony,"  Steve winced at the blurt, and looked hastily around the cafe.  But nobody was looking at him, and nobody new had come into the place in the three minutes it had been since the last time he'd scanned for Hydra, Shield, or those agents Peggy's aide had assigned to 'escort him' wherever he went.  He took a breath.  "I was trying to reach Tony Carbonell."
Rogers shrugged one shoulder, and rubbed a bashful hand over the back of his neck.  “Well, I know you’re probably supposed to find out where I’ve been and all,” he admitted, “it’s just I was thinking maybe we should move her car out of the driveway first.  Just in case someone sees it from the street, and recognizes it.”
This, he figured, would be a better peace offering than bagels any day.
Steve closed his eyes, tipped his head back to the night as if to sip at higher, colder air, fill his lungs with it, and hold himself together, and yeah, Tony knew that drill.  Breaking the iron bands from the inside sometimes felt like all you could do when that fist closed around your ribs and your mind started rabbitting in circles.  He held on, rubbed his thumb over Steve's knuckles, just as Steve had earlier, grounding the man in the present and hoping he'd stick around for whatever was coming up next.
"Hello?"  the man said again, just beginning to sound annoyed.  "Is anyone there?"
As he’d expected, she kicked out at him, her sharp little kitten heels dragging sharply along his inner thigh as he fended her away from his crotch.  She was on her feet in a flash, and scrambling for the fallen gun, but Steve lunged out, caught her by the ankle, and then watched with chagrin as her resulting tumble wound up with her diving headlong into the building’s heat exchanger with a clang.  This time, she didn’t get back up, and didn’t stir when he rifled her pocket for her keys, or even when he picked her up and slung her over his shoulder like an extra duffle bag.
“Does.”  Steve swallowed, then tried again.  “Does it hurt?”
That won a grimace and a headshake by way of reply, and Rogers dug the keychain out of his pocket and passed it over.  “If you wouldn’t mind?  I get a crick in my neck just trying to get into that tiny thing.”
Barton and Romanoff were in the break room when Nick Fury arrived at White Star Securities' Manhattan office: a half-full carafe from the coffeemaker, the scattered contents of a first aid kit, a bag of frozen peas, and two forks in an empty pie plate on the table between them.  Both looked up briefly when he strode in, then went back to the business of bandaging Barton's bloody right thumb.
“You didn’t really seem to think twice about the chair though,” he said.  “Not aside from noticing it was there, so that was a point in your favor.”  Then he waved the whole pitiful mess aside with an airy hand and demanded, “Next question.”
Tony breathed a shiver and let his eyes slip closed.  “Jesus, Steve, if you’re trying to get me up for round two, I’m game, but it’s gonna have to be quick.  Jarvis never lets me sleep in on weekdays.”  Steve dropped Tony’s hand at once, but Tony grabbed for it before he could retreat.  “Kidding, sweetheart, he laughed.  “I know your motives are pure.”
“So we need to go looking for Stark’s son,”  Rogers went on, nodding to Clint’s point.  “Even if he is dead, and we just recover his body, we need to be sure, because this,”  he tapped the opened folder, “is an Achilles’ heel we really can’t afford to overlook.”
The flinch Steve gave when reminded of the practicalities was strong enough Tony could feel it all the way down.  “I... it was while I was deployed,” he replied immediately, blue eyes too earnest to doubt.  “but like I said, I haven’t been with anyone since then, so...”
“Thank you, James,” he said, and the other shook his head.
Steve nodded, watching, silent.
“It was a hot zone.  State Department and Military CID were already digging the place up looking, and we were already stretched too thin on this side of the Atlantic, as the attack on Carter proved to us.”  Clint was impressed at how Fury could say that without his voice shaking in rage at having been so terribly blindsided.  But that was probably why he was in charge, not Clint.  Well, that and the paperwork too, probably.
"Then this is what we'll do,"  Tony smiled, loosing his grip so he could pull himself up to sit against the headboard.  "We'll take it easy this time," and no, Tony did not miss that pleased flicker of a glance at the implication of a next time, thank you.  "I'll tell you what I want.  If you like it, then we'll do it.  If you're not sure, we'll try it, and you'll let me know, and if you don't like it, you tell me no, and we'll do something else."
Well, it wasn't quite a freeze, exactly, but it did take a heartbeat before that elegant left eyebrow quirked up into a challenge.  "Now why on earth would Captain America do a thing like that?" Mr. Thursday Night Who Was Gonna Need A New Name And Soon asked, slipping into the seat with an expression that he probably intended to be a deflecting smirk, but which read to Tony as 'intrigued despite himself'.
Rogers’ lip twitched as if he got the joke, but the wicked glint was gone almost before Clint had seen it.  “One of each then,” he said, setting the plate down and waving the coffee away.  “Say, you know the access code for the garage, right?”
"Yinsen's nephew came to the camp a few days after the cave in, looking to pay the ransom.  He found me and his uncle's body instead.  Got people from his village to come back and dig me out, and they did their best for me, but Gulmira was so deep in hostile territory that it was another month before anybody with more medical skill than the local midwife could have a look at me.  Then another two months after that before they could get word to the UN that I was even still alive.  By that time the bones in my legs and pelvis had already started to heal up wrong."
Steve hitched up on one elbow, face puzzled as he nodded, as if he couldn't imagine a different way of going about things.  "Sure, Tony," he said.
“And what, hurt Steve’s feelings so bad he had to run away and sulk?”  James huffed, settling back into the bed again, “Have they
“Good.  God, that’s good,”  Tony bore down with a groan as Steve sucked hard on his cock and slipped a finger into him with a long, easy slide.  Just quick enough to bring a flutter of sting, but then it was a stretch of sweet sensation that made him want to arch and writhe like a cat.  Steve’s knuckles pressed at the back of his balls, and Tony flexed his hand to cup Steve’s head as he purred, “Again...”  And this time, he held Steve low over his cock, nose pressed to his belly, throat fluttering around Tony when his finger pressed home.
"It's... " he stole another kiss, and looked for the words.  "It's been awhile.  For me."
And of course, when they put it that way, James found the idea of going politely back to sleep even less probable.  The dangers of Hydra, its entanglement in SHIELD, these were nuances he understood, and could navigate like a shark in cold waters.  The idea that something as mundane as corporate maneuvering could be what finally did Steve Rogers in?  That was just insulting.
That won him a glance, and a chilly little smile.  “You don’t need to run interference with Fury for me, Clint.  It’s fine if he knows we’re down here.”
“They're good things though,”  Steve said, nodding toward the abandoned flyer.  “I looked the Center up online, read what’s on your website while I waited for you to call.  This is good work you’re doing here.  Important work.”
But Steve shook his head at once, so earnest you could break a tooth on him.  “No, because you've thrived,” he said. “It's different.  These robots, the chair, the Center. All the things you’ve done, created, to make your life work the way you want it to.”
Steve made a quizzical sound in his throat, even as he tilted to accommodate Tony's deeper kiss.  His eyes peeked open, and Tony saw a glint of concern in the glitter of blue.  "Your hands are shaking,"  Steve whispered, lips brushing damply against Tony's own once Tony let him speak.  And yes, they were, even cupped warm and wide against the curve of Steve's belly, Tony could feel that hair-trigger quiver in the bones of every finger.
“May I?”  Steve asked, even as he backed up to kneel between Tony’s spread thighs.  “May I please fuck you, Tony?”
Tony chuckled, and sucked the last of the alcohol from the ice left in his glass.  "Well that's because I'm not, really.  But I grew up with one, and there's only so many times you can hear a dead guy's life history before some of it starts to stick.  Hey, you drink whiskey, right?"
Tony chuckled.  "What, in the street?"
"Oh," Mr. Thursday said, snatching the cap from his head and bouncing straight back up to his feet.  "I'm so sorry! It's just it's so crowded, with the show going on upstairs tonight," he said, tipping a nod at the thudding bass bleeding down through the ceiling.  "The bartender said you wouldn't mind if I joined you at your table, so..." his hands, broad and strong, with long fingers that gave all the right suggestions, flexed on the chair back as the man dithered to a halt, clearly ready to leave at Tony's slightest hint.
“I already did the surface check on the place,” she went on.  “Three year old lease; building owner’s been living on site since the 80’s; neither she nor the shop owner have any obvious ties to known Hydra or Shield affiliates.  I think it really is a used clothing store.”
“Peter would though, and Hank.  Maya, Gwen, Bruce too, maybe.”
James shook his head, chuckling.  “No body, no slug, no casing, no ballistics.  The gun you asked for was a captured item, and by now it’s disappeared into one of a hundred arsenals.”  He spread his hands wide, palms toward the ground in front of him.  “Case closed.  But I hope you won’t take it personally if I don’t let you make me tea for a little while.”
He had come to this belief lately in his life; only, in fact, once he’d allowed himself to be seduced over to White Star’s side of the playing field, and more to the point, the really nice pool out back of Howard Stark’s place.  It wasn’t actually Clint’s fault, when you came right down to it, because Howard himself had been the one to set up most of his Monday mornings around work that could be done beside the pool in his dressing robe.  And if his protection detail included staying nearby, on a pool lounger, in his swim trunks, well who was Clint to argue?
Steve gave that bashful little half shrug again.  “No.  It seemed like you couldn’t care less.”
*** Steve ***
Tony had cracked open the minibar then, and sat there all night, drinking with his naked reflection until the both of them blurred into an angry, miserable sleep.  The next morning, Jarvis had come into Tony’s room to find him still there, propped up naked against the wall, and snoring over a constellation of tiny liquor bottles that owed him no favors.
James sighed when her pointed silence made it plain that last had not been a rhetorical question.
Steve carefully backed out of the transformer box, and put on his very best simple-but-pretty face as he turned.  It was the shopgirl behind the gun, the rising sun playing warm light and harsh shadows across her dark skin and hair, gilding fire along her silk flowered dress.  She was holding his right shoe in her free hand, waggling it back and forth like a lure, so Steve let himself smile and take a step forward.  “Yeah,” he said, as if the gun wasn’t making his heart thunder for a fight,  “Thanks.  I’da hated to have to break up the set-”
"Because of who you're hiding from?"  Tony asked, and wasn't it interesting how the sightlines Steve immediately checked when reminded of the evasion weren't the lateral ones -- up the street or down, doorways or cars, but more aimed at the rooftops and balconies along the converted tenements that made up Jay street.
"Pretty sure it doesn't work like that," Steve chuckled, figuring basic telemetry couldn't have changed all that much since he and Morita had used radio signals to locate Hydra bases in the Austrian hills.  The kiss, however, he allowed; damp and spicy and bristly with beard, and just like that, the fight in his head dwindled to distant, meaningless static.  This
?  Is that what you're telling me?
“Update Coulson on the trackers,” Fury nodded, reaching over to scoop Daisy’s tablet off his desk.  “And get Barnes in here too.  Johnson?”  It took Daisy a moment of watching Hill shut the door behind her to realize that last was meant for her, and when she did, she found the Acting Director’s gaze fixed on her over the tablet in his hand, like a cat watching a mousehole.  “What do you have to add to this discussion?”
In the army hospital in Kabul, the doctors had told Tony that they could do some reconstructive work on his legs -- re-break some of the awkwardly healed spots, install screws and pins to reinforce others -- and that they might possibly, with a year or so of physical therapy, get his legs stabilized enough to let him walk with crutches most of the time.  Maybe.  The State Department had agreed to the treatment -- sort of a ‘sorry about all that torture, let’s make nice now and who needs lawyers’ package deal, but Tony had only wanted to know one thing at the time.
A night wind rustled the cypress trees overhead, traffic distant and muffled under the sound. Jarvis realized all at once that he could hear shoes crunching on the gravel path, but after an anxious moment, relaxed.  Only one, and no play of a watchman’s torch across the grassy patch where he stood.  It would be James, then.  On time, as usual.
Rogers grinned again, meaner this time.  “Colonel Phillips told us Howling Commandos on our second mission out that we were officially off the books, and if we got killed or captured in the field it was officially not his problem.” Rogers’ jaw bunched at the end of the word, flattening that smile just enought to tell what a strain it was for him not to glance Barnes’ way.  “I’m used to running without a safety net, Colonel.”
Clint signed back, then added
made it to the man’s eyes, but couldn’t shift the enormous thing already there; it was all a shield that Steve picked up every time he needed to deflect... what?  Attention?  Questions?  Meddling?  Pity?
“Oh, you are, gorgeous,”  Tony assured him, still grinning.  “Meet you out front in ten,”  Then he ended the call before Steve’s flirting cost him any more of the precious time he was going to need to get himself cleaned up and find a shirt that didn’t look like he’d been building robots in it.
“No.”  Tony gave Steve’s hair a quelling yank, and answered his confusion with a filthy grin.  “That’s for me, not you.”
But it wasn’t fair to use any of that against Tony now -- not with everything he’d lost just finding a way to come home at all.  And it also wasn’t fair for Tony to be pouring his genius and his remaining fortune into a flyspeck trade school that comped more tuition than it collected, and hadn’t got even a distant dream of being accredited.  It wasn’t that the Tech Arts Center wasn’t doing good work within the community, of course, it was just that Pepper couldn’t shake the certain knowledge that Tony was meant for
“So when my friend was in here,”  Phil asked as the man set the drink down, “did he leave with anybody?”
“Right there with ya, man,”  James replied, shifting to lean on the stone’s other side.  “That is
Barnes turned back to shoot Clint a glare, the plates on his arm whirring in annoyance.  Clint backed away, both hands turned upward in a shrug to demonstrate his complete and utter innocence.  “Not my fault,” he said, “I was minding my own business by the pool!”
There -- more information many of you've been wishing for, regarding what happened to put Tony where he's at.  There's more, of course, but you'll have to wait for it.  Love as always to all my commenters -- you're what keeps me going!
But then the wary look in Steve’s eyes snared his attention away again, drew Tony in as he hesitated, one leg almost out of his jeans to ask, “What?”  And there was a line between his brows, petulant, stubborn, defensive.
“Your message said you had news,” Jarvis mustered himself to ask eventually, and looking grateful for the interruption to his thoughts, James nodded.
“Tony, you didn’t include your salary in these figures.”  Pepper tapped her fingernail on the misleading bottom line without mercy.
Tony was in hell.  Absolute hell.  And the sick part of it was, he’d asked to be put there.  More than asked, he’d
"Then..."  Steve licked his lips, swallowed against the sudden desert in his throat, settled his palms to his thighs, and tried again.  "Then why-"
(See the end of the chapter for
, but only barely.  “If he wanted more than that, more than what both of you have, then he could not have it.”
“Okay,”  Steve laughed.  “Why didn’t you talk to me at the Eagle, if you were interested?”
“What?” Barnes snapped.
” Barnes lied in Russian.
Barnes signed, with a meaning glance toward Rogers.
Tony belted a laugh and pushed Steve away by his looming, leering face.  “Okay, okay, that’s enough of that, American Psycho.”  In the bedroom, Tony’s alarm began to softly beep, and Tony gave up a sigh as he disentangled himself and reached for his wheelchair.  “Welp, that’s my half hour warning.  If Jarvis doesn’t hear my shower running within the next fifteen minutes, he’s gonna come up here with a gallon of tea, a stack of dry toast, and a mustard poultice, and I guarantee neither of us wants to deal with that, so if you’ve got another question, you’d better ask it while we get dressed.”
Rogers was waiting for him in the late spring sunshine, rolling his sleeves up over his forearms, with his jacket and vest folded neatly over one of the loungers, and an unfamiliar green tie over the lot.  “Thanks, Barton,” he said, taking the plate when Clint thrust it at him and turned to pour a cup out of the pot.  “Which one’s yours?”
See?  I told you it was explicit!
“Hand,”  Tony gasped, tugging Steve up short on a downstroke, and waggling the lube bottle in answer to his confused glance.
be kissed.
But by then the gate had finished opening, and Clint’s only reply was an engine whine and a crunch of itty bitty tires on the gravel drive.  He grabbed his gun and his phone and took off around the house at a run.
"Due respect, sir," he said, taking the coffee back when Natasha passed it over.  "I think you're maybe forgetting something important."
*** Jarvis ***
“Nice, if you like beefcake,” the barkeep answered with just a quick glance. “Myself, I like em a little older though.”
' look over the lip of his glass, and Steve glanced up long enough to catch it.  "I mean I don't have it with me,"  he clarified.  "And it's a new one, so I don't have the number memorized yet."
"Do you normally hang around with assholes, or have I somehow given you reason to think I'm one of them?"  Steve bit back, but he didn't let Tony's hand go.  "It sounds like a terrible experience, and a lot of pain, and no, I don't pity you for it, but I'm sorry you had to go through it, okay?"
“Oh, well perhaps it was.  I’ll confess the bullet made me feel far more certain about the whole matter.  Erm, speaking of which...?”
“Arm up, Stark,”  Steve said mildly from behind his sketchbook, “your tea’s about to spill.”
And Tony had to laugh.  One of the reasons he’d been able to afford to buy the Centre after he’d come back from Afghanistan to find his company tanked, his father dead, and all his patents tied up in the post-death ‘because I say so, young man’ of Howard’s estate, was that the building was nearly ten minutes from the nearest subway station.  That, and the lack of an elevator were the only things that brought it down into Tony's price range.
