Not fifteen minutes later, Dean was parked and laughing at Cas's frantic guesses about what they were doing that day. Before he could move forward with his plans, he pulled Castiel closer and into a soft kiss, brushing his hand over the boy's cheek. With much regret, Dean pulled back and hopped out of the car. His abrupt exit was just the shock he needed to buy him a few extra seconds, and before Cas could join him outside, Dean was opening the passenger side door with a flourish.
Cas decided quickly he never wanted to leave the room, leave Dean’s arms, regardless of the consequences. He was entirely ready to become recluses, skipping classes to instead study each other, taking notes on how the morning sun grazed Dean’s skin through the cheap blinds, writing essays on the exquisite torture of Dean kissing up his thighs, over his hips. Cas thought he understood what it felt like to want, but he had never been hit with such an unending hunger.
Castiel didn’t seem phased, just confused. “I don’t know, actually. Do you come across sexually appealing ghosts often as a hunter?”
"Yeah, picture of me, or whatever. I dunno how to do any of this stuff, I really like photography, but this teacher is driving me nuts, man. I mean, c'mon, like last week, we had to turn in 12 photos of a bench. The same bench! We couldn't even change benches, Cas. That's authoritarianism, and I know this is a boarding school, but I thought we were still in America." Castiel's mouth had fallen open, his lips parting just a bit, shocked by the ease at which Dean called him by his nickname. And here Cas was, thinking Dean wouldn't even recognize him.
To distract himself from the beauty he kept trying to ignore in his best friend, he turned to tidy up a bit, dumping the ashes from his paper into a small cup. He turned back with a shock at the sound of a match striking, Dean clearly eager to go again.
“Can’t wait too long before our next one, grab the bottle,” Cas spoke without context before they could move on from the first shot.
A day went entirely unnoticed, and since that was his main goal, he told his mother it was a successful first day when she asked.
Dean was familiar with the feeling of whiskey as an anesthetic and an untrained pair of hands playing doctor and fixing him up after hunts. If he ended up bitten or slashed or shot or any other type of injured, his father would shove a bottle of whiskey in his hand and turn one of the single beds in their motel room into an operating table. Amateur stitches, bullets pried from wounds with nothing but a rag between his teeth to dull the pain, the sting of vodka as an aseptic, all of these things were entirely commonplace as first aid for a hunter. After all, it was easier to just deal with the wounds yourselves than to try and explain away fang marks on your neck to a suspicious emergency room doctor.
Dean didn’t seem phased, just continued staring curiously at the misshapen pile of ashes on the plate. After a second he spoke up, “So let’s see what your husband is up to, right?”
He watched as Dean opened the paper slipcover and neatly snapped off a match. With practiced, measured movements, he struck the match against the strip on the back and a crackling flame burst into existence. Cas held back a laugh at the genuine delight in Dean’s eyes when he held it to the edge of the newspaper and the fire caught immediately. Dean blew out the match and dropped it to the table, more focused on the tiny inferno in front of him, and more than that, Castiel holding the plate, staring right over the flames and directly at him.
He squeezed his eyes shut, steeling himself before peeking over to his left again. Yeah. This was really happening. That is Dean Winchester. He is still Castiel Novak. And here they were, in Dean Winchester’s bed. They’re both naked and when was this ever going to sink in?
I want something to get me drunk. Both, c’mon, mine is like 10 bucks. You can brag about being right and I can have a bottle of nice hot microwave wine all to myself.”
“You allergic to furniture?” Dean smirked at his own dumb joke, the self-satisfaction only growing when the other man breathed out a laugh. He couldn’t help but love an audience, especially when said audience is hot and coming across as way less of a threat than Dean initially predicted. Honestly, the banter was part of the fight; ask any good comic book hero.
Cas sat up straight, Dean resisted the urge to bend forward with him. “If this wasn’t, do you think I’d be on top of you like this at all? Let you pull my hair, mark me as yours? Don’t forget I can hold my own.” Cas spoke, his voice thick in the air. Dean’s breath hitched, knowing that, yeah, he did just spend what felt like an eternity mapping out nearly every inch of Castiel’s upper body, and he wasn’t exactly as scrawny as he used to be. Cas was strong, he was just as likely to be the one to pull Dean onto his lap, grab a fistful of Dean’s hair, to be the one
Just as Dean could have predicted, John wielded the bottle of whiskey throughout dinner like a sword, the neck never leaving his fist. He didn't even bother with the pretense of filling a plate, apparently content to take his empty stomach up on the offer of a steep drop from sober. He was in his most authentic form throughout dinner, slurring through complaints about the home he'd come back to, groaning about an argument he'd had decades ago, the bottle still stuck to his hand even as he swung a fist towards Dean, laughing cruelly as he pulled the punch at the last second. Dean just sat back, barely flinched as the fist moved towards his face, made no noise when the darkened liquid sloshed up the sides of the bottle and onto Dean's shirt. The only comment their father had about Sam's summer in Georgia for debate club was, "Atlanta, huh? Buncha fuckin' queers up there, did ya know?" The comment was in response to Sam, but John spoke the words with a sneer, his eyes directly on Dean like he could read his mind. He never bothered to ask what Dean had done all summer. It felt like he already knew.
Dean grinned, a big toothy smile, one Castiel wished to see every day (a reality that seemed within grasp lately), and squeezed his hand back. “Today sucks,” Dean spoke the words with the affectation entirely wrong, the grin audible despite the negativity. “Today sucks and it sucks in the most boring way ever and we get to fight like a couple and I hate white wine and you hate out-of-season mulled spices. Today doesn’t suck because Sammy is in hell or draining a nurse for demon powers, or you’re gone, or I’m dead, or monsters are attacking. Today just normal sucks.”
Dean kept the call short, rushing to the punchline but still earning the reaction he wanted, or at least Castiel assumed he did, based on the way Dean paused for effect and smiled that proud smile of his. He asked a few quick questions about Sam and college and his girlfriend, knowing his brother would return one-word answers on all three and signed off with a promise to FaceTime soon.
The boy on the blanket shuffled around until he was seated again and opened his mouth in response. Or, at least he seemed to think about responding. Then the boy was moving again, shifting up onto his knees and then hopping upright. For perhaps the dozenth time, Dean found himself wondering what type of person wore
When the bell rang, Castiel packed up and was jostled through the busy passing period halls until he reached the vending machines by the back entrance. Charlie and Cas had agreed to meet there, and he wasn't waiting long before he spotted the girl coming around the corner. He had actually heard her before she turned around the bend, her voice raised to call down the hall to a friend. Her words were muffled, but her voice was clear, at least to Castiel. When she spotted him, her eyes went wide, and she waved, speeding up her gait.
The sparkle in Castiel’s eyes didn’t diminish at all with Dean’s bitter mood. He only stared back more intently, with more of that misplaced amusement. “The majority of the markings on this level are functional.” He stopped there, but by his tone, Dean could tell the angel had more to say.
Dean laughed, free and careless, with his head hanging back and his neck lax.” Yeah, right, buddy. Just shout out my position and my name and hope the serial killer who broke in doesn’t come to shoot me about it.”
, the star of every single one of his selfish fantasies.
The Motel 6 was reliable enough, absence of towels-shaped-into-animals aside. Maybe Dean
Cas’s mind, which had started in a frantic jumble of
Dean shook his head no. “I was talkin’ classic horror. Ghost is some nineties romance crap.”
The barista on duty said they looked cute together.
"C'mon, angel boy, tell me more." One of the other girls (Ruby, if Cas's memory served him correctly) had quickly taken to the nickname after stumbling clumsily over Castiel's name in full. He didn't love the moniker, but he did hold a base appreciation for anyone who knew the origin of his name without asking.
“I bet the mirror isn’t that scary.”
sexual desire? Dean pressed forward into Cas’s touch, shocking him as the boy realized he was caught. For whatever reason, Cas didn’t drop his hand. He laughed at the thought of Dean beating up a ghost, and rolled his eyes exaggeratedly to ensure Dean saw.
The following day, Dean packed up and set off towards Castiel's rental cabin, just a mile or so off the lake. Dean knew he looked crazy with the giant smile across his face when Cas opened the car door and slid in, but he couldn't care less. It must have been the proper reaction if it was what caused Cas to immediately grab his hand and lean in to steal a kiss hello.
But then things got ugly. Cas started getting high all the time and Dean started getting cold. Impervious even.
Sam says thank you. He says he’s sorry. He says he hopes that they’re all somewhere without sadness and pain. Somewhere better. He says goodbye.
The unforgiving stream of hot water irritates his skin, already red and ragged. It gets into his eyes and burns the flesh of his back. He relishes the pain, as his thoughts drown in the water and blood pooling next to his feet and then spiral down in the drain.
The ground is cool under his knees. As the wind sweeps over the sand and makes the shape of burned, broken wings smudge, he looks up and sees the sky, as dark as the inside of his heart. There are stars there, glistening on the firmament. They also fill the space behind his eyelids; small sparks making him dizzy. The moon casts light on the water, and the surface shines. Fowles was right. “A dead thing over a dying thing.” Now, his heart is the moon. It’s dark side. Unfathomable and unknowable. Never seeing the sun, stunted. It lies on the ground next to him, torn out of his chest. Unmoving.
Dean didn’t consider them making it out of that fight alive and option.
“Maybe… it’s you,” she finishes, triumph evident on her face.
He finishes wrapping the body and carries it to the pyre, his shoulders shaking with effort. Sam is already waiting for him.
Dean barked out a laugh at that; a sharp, unpleasant sound, but a laugh nonetheless. Cas supposed it was still better than most of the things that would come out of Dean’s mouth nowadays.
A long time passes before your next lonely hunt and you hope that he forgets, but you know he won’t and you know that it’s because
“You noticed?” Mary continues. “Mommy, daddy… Even Cas.”
He learns that the sheriff’s kid will live. Dean doesn’t know how to even begin to explain everything.
There was a thought, a selfish little thought in the back of his mind telling him to call Jack, to tell him to get his ass down here and help his old man with the burial. But that would mean that he would have to wake the boy up and either make him walk all the way here or get into the Impala and drive to the motel to pick Jack up himself and then return to the forest. Both of these options meant too much time wasted just because his back was sore. So, Dean sighed yet again, went in among the trees and started digging.
“Well, I suppose the aftermath of lonely hunts does have its perks, doesn’t it?” Asked Castiel, wrapping his arms around the hunter.
He spotted Dean on the sidewalk in front of the venue quickly. He always stood out, Cas wasn’t sure if it was the general air of celebrity that he heard people talk about yet hadn’t experienced himself, or if Dean was just special regardless of fame. Castiel tended to land on the latter, as he’d been in close proximity to all levels of stardom and never experienced anything like Dean.
Some of his friends were a bit pushier than he was used to, however. Dean hopped into the solace of his car with a stress-releasing sigh that rolled down his body and forced him into a yawn. The thought of a nap on the seats, the tempting opportunity to avoid home for just an hour longer, flickered through his mind while he squeezed his eyes shut. Dean would have climbed straight into the backseat if his summer plans had gone according to any original plans. He and Bobby had planned on replacing the upholstery, adding back in the crushed and used padding that had worn down over the years, but Dean had been a bit preoccupied.
“There’s lotsa stuff next.” Fine, Cas was drunk. He ignored the amused twitch at the corner of Dean’s lips, knowing that the other boy had been trying to get him to loosen up like this for months. “We could burn strings or throw shoes or count beans or do the scary mirror or eavesdrop on the neighbors or read wax,” Castiel ran through an invisible list, counting off on his fingers as he went, Dean still watching him like he was performing. He’d normally be self-conscious under Dean’s stare, but he just felt… good.
Once Sam finally calmed down, Dean spoke up, pointedly ignoring the wide-eyed reaction as he did. “Fine. I don’t know what he looks like.”
“I didn’t
“Is this one of the times you are asking one question when you mean to be asking another, or do you want to hear about my art?”
“Pleasure to meet you.” The man sounded almost bored and stared right back, no hesitation in his stare, making Dean flare with annoyance. His voice matched his demeanor, uninterested and rugged. “Why are you in my house?”
, Dean thought.
When Cas had first pointed them out over the summer, Dean's cheeks had flushed a pretty pink but still allowed Cas to count them. He had pressed a kiss to each one as he kept track before he became overwhelmed somewhere on Dean's cheeks and finally resigned to Dean's laughing requests for a "normal" kiss. Now, though, from across the room, Dean twisted his face into a scowl of an expression Cas had never seen on him. Dean shoved at the other boy's shoulder, and Cas sped his walk so he wouldn't be able to hear Dean's response.
Dean got his wish after a few more minutes of too soft kisses placed everywhere but Castiel’s cock, and Cas dropped his hand and grabbed onto Dean’s hair. He leaned up off the bed to make eye contact with Dean, and god, Dean’s ulterior motive of goading Cas back into taking control appeared to be effective. Cas pulled, hard, on Dean’s hair, the fire behind his eyes growing at the soft whine Dean let out, the way his mouth fell open and his hips bucked forward of their own volition. Dean let Cas steer his movements and he doesn’t think he’s ever been more turned on than when Cas let go of his hand and grasped himself by the base, holding Dean back as he ran the head of his cock over the man’s lips.
Cas shook his head no. Unable to look Dean in the eye, he instead opted to pick a stray hair off the back of the shirt the boy had on. “You know they don’t like me, plus my brothers always end up comin’, and I don’t like all that roughhousing and pranks and stuff.”
NOTES:
“I don’t hide,” Cas scoffed, glad that the low light for the most part concealed his flushed cheeks. “I like it here, it’s quiet and a lot less sinister with the lights on.” Cas knew Dean heard the silent part, the
To wrap up his failed hookup, Dean fought off the girl, gained control of the knife, and managed to knock out his target. He got the girl back out to his car, into a deserted field, decapitated her, and burned the corpse. All this happened before he took stock of his injuries from his earlier scuffle. Once he peeled off his coat, he immediately felt the spiking pain of a deep slash across his chest. Something about seeing the blood always triggered the pain, the haze of adrenaline immediately replaced with the intensely clarifying need to clean-heal-rest.
angel? With no warning? When John called and told Dean he’d be meeting some girl, he must have just not known what the fuck gender to ascribe to the name Castiel. Or maybe angel gender was different? Castiel did sound suspiciously like an angel name, so perhaps it wasn’t an alias after all. Should Dean be worried? He’d never worked with an angel before, he’d only met (and subsequently tried to kill) one once, and that hadn’t gone over too well. Didn’t those winged freaks have some sorta hive mind? Did Castiel know Dean and some angel named Ariel got into a… slight scuffle after Dean laughed at his name?
“Hm?” Dean hummed the question back at Cas.
Cas’s smile was rare and beautiful and something like a rare astrological phenomenon with the way Dean craved an understanding that would never arrive.
Castiel squinted, tilting his head as he was unsure where Dean was headed with this. “Then you know who you’re gonna marry.” Castiel wasn’t slurring, but it was clear by his appearance and the way he was swaying where he stood that he was affected by his consumption.
Normally, Dean would have spun around in an instant, would have the person who surprised him in a headlock within seconds, but something familiar stopped him. The breeze was playing into the moment, gently pushing that stupidly sweet-clear-clean-Cas scent over Dean. Castiel always grabbed the attention of every single one of his senses. The calming hand that came to rest on Dean’s forearm was more soothing than he’d ever admitted. Dean took a deep breath, as if he could taste Cas on the soft wind if he inhaled hard enough, still facing away.
important, c'mon, I need you to help over here, Dean. Dean, c'mon." Her voice got quieter as it went on, fading into the crowd of students around the gym; Dean successfully led away. Castiel wasn't sure what he had done to have his life hit with such a set of events. The whiplash from the glitter shower panic episode into the perfectly timed save by Charlie, who
Dean felt his head spinning with the room around him. Who
“What are you?”
“Y’know what, it kinda feels like I’m dreaming.”
College is supposed to change you, sure. Castiel knew that going in, he expected the typical experience of finding new friends and going through a short period of self-discovery that might end with a tattoo he’d regret later. He absolutely did not expect to be… here.
tire you out, Mr. Sex-Hair?”
Dean knew his level of indignity far exceeded what was necessary, but Dean wielded it like a shield.
Dean was positive that Castiel made the most beautiful sounds in the world, between his gentle gasps and the louder moans, Dean couldn’t hear enough. He worked Castiel carefully, listening to signs of pleasure, refocusing on the actions that made Cas cry out in the neediest way.
"Oh, Dean, are we having a picnic?" The excitement growing inside Cas was enough to make Dean
Dean took a deep breath, the exasperation dripping off of him so thick that not even Castiel could ignore it.
Cas hadn’t known who the man was until he had googled him after receiving the initial assignment. Dean was a musician, and judging off of the millions of search hits, a quite successful one. Ever the professional, and quite good at his job, Castiel always made sure he knew who he was picking up. A few internet searches, a couple of lines dropped to business contacts that might have experience with the client, just the basic research he thought necessary to be courteous, professional, and aware. Castiel wasn’t one for pop culture, those close to him were used to explaining references and name drops all the time. He supposed it made him good at the professionalism aspect of driving high-profile celebrities, but it did hinder his ability to relate to his peers. It wasn’t the first time that Castiel had found one of his traits more suited for the workplace than his personal relationships.
Before he could turn the opacity to the maximum on the glass divider, Cas inadvertently watched as Dean turned to the woman with a look that could send any reasonable person to their knees. His eyes were hooded, a lazy smirk on his lips. Dean’s cheeks were ruddy with blush from arousal or the alcohol or some fusion of the two. The man brought his arm up to rest across the back of the seat, his bicep flexing in a way that didn’t come across as showboating, somehow just as natural as it was breathtaking. The last view Cas was privy to included Dean’s hands easily fitting around the woman’s waist and guiding her from her seat across the divider to (presumably) settle onto his lap. Cas locked eyes with Dean over the woman’s form in the last moment before he disappeared from view, and the blown-out pupils and mussed hair caused a breath to catch in Castiel’s throat. He was glad Dean couldn’t see the blush set into his cheeks.
Within the first few weeks of knowing Castiel, Dean found himself opening up more to this dark-haired visitor than he ever had with anyone.
Dean met Castiel’s eye and recognized the hint of laughter hiding there, regardless of how limited Castiel’s expressions were.
“I’ve been alive for millennia, Dean. I was around when humans designed these roads. the concept of roads, even. Do you want to play ‘Who Came First’ with me?”
thought out of his head. He was starting to feel like maybe being alone out here with Dean might make his feelings worse, not better. “Maybe it’s saying I’ll never be married and I’ll have to do my own laundry forever,” Cas deadpanned, drawing a coveted laugh out of Dean.
Did the angel just sass him? “I was
Dean tucked his phone away into his pocket and shuffled around, peeking in the mirror again and running a hand through his already messy hair. Cas thought he looked annoyingly perfect. Dean opened his own door to get out, another chauffeur’s task that Castiel was loath to give up, regardless of Dean’s insistence., He stopped before exiting all the way and turned back around to reach through the partition and rest a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Text ya when I’m wrapping up.” He tilted his head towards Castiel’s messenger bag on the passenger seat. “Enjoy your T-Rex book!”
“That’s alright, we-“ Cas was the one who cut Dean off this time.
this scrappy fuckin’ ragtag artist hunter hybrid walk in here and start backseat driving? Did he know who he was dealing with? He was Dean Winchester.
"Yes, yes, yes, you should totally come. I'm helping with one of the booths, but I could totally show you around!" Charlie did seem genuine, and Cas
Cas had early into the job made the mistake of asking what car Dean would prefer, and the man launched into what could only be perceived as a sales pitch for his 1967 Chevy Impala named Baby who was currently in storage back in Kansas. Dean had restored the car from near death, and it was in stellar condition. Dean’s presentation would not have been complete without pictures of the car from every angle, even a shot of the man leaning against her hood, a beaming grin on his face. Castiel remembers thinking he’d never felt as proud of anything he’d done as Dean looked in front of that car.
Like you’re not close enough or whatever.”
He cleared his throat, both to draw Castiel’s attention back to him and also to settle his nerves a bit. “So, um, thank you. Cas. Cast-ee-el.” He drew out the syllables to ensure it was correct, and when Cas turned to look at him over his shoulder, he knew he was right by the genuine grin he was faced with. The man nodded, accepting the thanks, but just stood in waiting, as if expecting an explanation from Dean. “I…. Um, I’m sorry about... I broke in.”
Dean saved the contact, immediately texting the number, based on the soft buzz within Castiel's pocket. When Dean spoke, he turned his back to the mirror and reached for the door handle, so Castiel couldn't see his face. "It was… Um… Thank you. Again." Dean sounded so earnest, and just like that, he swung the door open into the hallway and disappeared, only the hollow clack of his dress shoes echoing back until Dean went through another doorway.
Jimmy must have gone for regular damn manicures or some shit, or Cas healed his hands up baby-soft, because there was no way it was natural.
Here being in bed with Dean Winchester, who he had
He only felt a little bit guilty for it.
When Castiel pulled away, he had a similar smile on his lips, one he doesn't flash often. The two boys drove towards their destination, Dean steadfast in not giving away the final location, no matter how hard Cas pouted. In a twisted sort of compromise that broke at least two of Dean's personal rules, he ended up relinquishing control of the radio to Cas. Now, within a few weeks, Dean Winchester had turned into the type who held hands on the bench seat and listened to his boyfriend (?) sing along to throwback pop music, and he had absolutely zero complaints.
“Until Lilith decides which seal to break next, you can rest.”
It has been four months, eight days and eighteen hours since he last saw Dean.
. Humans are the same pathetic creatures they were back when I was alive in all my glory. I come back centuries later and not a thing has changed, if only, it's gotten worse."
“This whole thing is just sketchy man.” Dean says, "If we make it out of this, I'm plunging her own knife into her heart."
Castiel does not stall for another moment. He steps into the conference room, catching sight of nearly all the leaders of their respective garrison already present.
"Who's Nadia?"
"It fucking better," he replies, "because, I'm not ready to mess this up again."
"I'm going to kiss you."
“The choice is always yours, Dean.” Dean’s features soften at that, a small smile tugging at the corner of his lips.
It doesn't take much long before Cas starts slowly thrusting into his mouth but Dean's not happy with that. He pulls off almost all the way to suck on the head while rolling Cas' balls in his palm. Cas grips Dean's hair and lowers him down, Dean happily obliging. Cas aims a few sharp thrusts far into his throat, ridiculously hot sounds escaping his chest each time his head hits the back of Dean's throat.
"Don't worry," Cas gave a tug to his tie, a hungry expression in his eyes, "once the wedding is over, l’m going to tie you to the headboard and fuck you."
Sam glared at Dean long enough to convey the depth of his bitch face before turning to the next page of the book he was reading.
“Cas will do it,” Dean turns to him, a dazzling smile on his face. “Technically, it’s your case.”
"You're being unnecessarily dramatic," Cas swipes the cloth in his hand across Dean's forehead and down his cheek. It's nice. "You should have known the consequences of your over drinking."
and before heading out the door, he shoots a text to Sammy to ask how Ella's doing. Her fever subsided pretty quickly but she's still fuzzy enough to keep Sam and Eileen up. He wanted to stay back and look after her at least when Sam and Eileen wanted some time away from diapers and puke, but work happened and he had to move back to his lonely Chicago apartment. He misses the little squirt so damn much.
"You wanna stop hunting?"
“I just finished one. Why?”
"Uh, yeah." He blinked back. “S’ nothing.”
he reminds himself.
Anything that the future holds for them doesn't matter in that moment, when it's just Dean and Castiel in each other's arms, swaying gently to the music that surrounds them like an embrace full of affection and promises. In that moment their hearts are one and their love holds them up.
"I'm holdin' up okay," he replies, the closest thing to the truth. "Still going on hunts and all that. It's pretty much the same."
“We have been packing for barely an hour, Cas.”
“Nothing much, Cas.” Dean says, “Let’s go talk to the other two.”
"I'm here," Castiel says softly, threading his fingers through the spikes of Dean’s hair.
"First things first, I'm sorry." Dean said, eyes trained to the floor. "I didn't mean to walk out on you like that. I was just being insecure and a huge dumbass in general."
“According to her parents, yeah.” Dean says, “She was pretty messed up after three of her friends went missing and kind of lost faith in the whole saving for Jesus crap.”
“Dean, he’s alright, trust me.” Cas cups his face, the look in his eyes making Dean want to run for the hills.
Their dad was an absolute bastard, Castiel could say that confidently. He charmed, and sometimes paid his way upto the top of Novak Constructions, shoving away anything that stood in his way. The man’s moral compass was a roulette wheel and Castiel feared he was falling down the same path of corporate whirlpool. The meeting went on for another twenty minutes and Michael talked about project reports and legal implications.
“I didn’t know how,” Castiel said instead.
"I know, Dean," Cas says, a fond smile on his lips. "I would have told you so if I were uncomfortable with the idea."
There was a general outbreak on the table, some of them excited while others not done with their paid vacation. Dean knew he was going back, but a different thought nagged him.
"Sweetheart?" he questioned, his own voice sounding barely audible. The memory of Dean calling him that was enough to fill him with warmth.
“Figured.”
"You did good, Dean. You were a little pale but they probably couldn't tell." Benny patted him on the back.
Dean looks up at him incredulously, “Your loss, pal. Now you better say goodbye to that aquarium date I had planned for us.”
Dean grits his teeth. He shoves the lighter back into his pocket and takes the child away from Sam’s hands. His brother glances at him with surprise but sighs softly with apparent relief.
By the time the clock struck nine AM Dean has been close to falling asleep behind the wheel three times already. There was a time when he’d be able to pull off two all-nighters and shrug that off like it was nothing, but those times were long gone. Also, Jack’s stomach started getting louder and louder as the time passed since the boy liked eating a lot and that small bag of chips at four in the morning wasn’t exactly sufficient. The kid wouldn’t dare to complain about anything, some part of him still wary around Dean while at the same time wanting his approval. So, Dean knowing all that (a part of him still hating himself for making the boy feel insecure around him) pulled over at some decent-looking diner to get breakfast for Jack and coffee for himself. He smiled at the waitress, Rachel, while ordering but there was nothing more behind that smile other than simple politeness. There was a time when he’d be eating her with his eyes, winking at her and flirting shamelessly but those times, too, were long gone. Besides, she was much younger than him and well, there was a kid sitting opposite him.
Sam is standing a few feet away from him. The child he holds fumblingly in his arms begins to cry as if it knew what the sharp, suffocating smell of petrol foreruns.
“I woke up and you weren’t here.” He said, a bit of accusation in his voice. Dean swallowed and put the keys and the groceries on the table. “Well, I went shopping.” Not exactly a lie. He glanced at Jack and sighed, for the hundredth time this night. “But fortunately or not, I stumbled upon some of the vamps that we were huntin’. They were kind enough to tell me where the rest of their nest was. I got rid of ‘em. Wanted to call you, but figured that you’d still be asleep.” said Dean in lieu of an apology. Jack was still watching him carefully. For whatever reason Dean felt a little too exposed, as if the kid could see the tiredness in his face and all the wrinkles and shadows around his eyes and actually care about all that. Then Jack’s gaze dropped to his hands, with blood and dirt caked under his nails and with his ragged knuckles which, now in better lightning, were raw and red.
Even after decades of dealing with grief and loss, Dean finds himself unable to let go. But then again, how could one let go of something that was quite literally imprinted onto his skin? Something that touched his soul and didn’t immediately back away. Something that saw him, naked and whole, and decided to stick around, against all odds. And Dean knows; he admits it to himself, finally, after all this time. There will never be anything like that ever again.
Sam eventually walks down to the living room and finds him sitting completely still, just like the body that’s lying on the table, covered with a cloth.
Sam flinches. “We don’t know if she’s–”
Sam clears his throat.
Tears were supposed to bring comfort, Cas once heard someone say.
Dean retrieves gasoline from the car and splashes the wood with it. For a very brief moment, he thinks about spilling it all over himself.
Dean smile was narrow, a tight feeling in his chest. “Look kid, Cas ain’t gonna waste his grace on my paper cut, alright? And he’s gonna be in the bunker to watch that show with you, and if he’s not you’ll call him and he’ll come.” Dean’s voice was sure. He looked into his cup, now empty, and swallowed the lump in this throat.
The rest of the day was surprisingly uneventful. They came back home, Sam didn’t burn the bunker down, Cas and Dean managed to be civil with one another and God hasn’t decided to wipe them. Dean’d call that a success. Jack’s been in his room with Cas for the most part of the day, watching TV shows and snacking on popcorn.
A knock at their door in the later afternoon marks the arrival of an unexpected visitor. Dean walks up the stairs, a beer in his hand, and cracks the door open. To his surprise, Donatello Redfield, the prophet with no soul, stands in front of him, dressed in a light suit and with a fedora on his head. He crosses the threshold and gets straight to the point.
Well, so it goes.
Dean snaps at his brother. God’s not listening, Sam. He doesn’t care.
Dean pulls out his gun and flicks the safety off.
No one alive was close enough to hear the gunshot ring in the air that smelled of gore and defeat.
This is worse, you decide, because
He pats Dean on the shoulder and promises to do more research. There is a possibility that he’ll find something on angels and their afterlife; a small one, but one nonetheless.
There was a time when they would share the cabin, sometimes even the bed. It was a couple of months after the first Croats started appearing, when the situation still seemed controllable, at least to some degree.
Dean raises his brows. No, he thinks. God left a long time ago. What stayed with them are only the remains of his cruelty.
killed her. But Cas thought–
He arrives in the town and sees living, breathing people around him, and something breaks in him. So, he turns and breaks something in return. It’s a habit of his. Sometime ago it was the people he loved. This time it’s a wooden wall plaque, hanging on the back door of a bar. No-one will miss it.
The night was quiet; no lights nor vehicles to interfere the peaceful darkness. The camp was obviously still guarded, but no one would dare to come to Cas’ cabin and disturb him when people knew that Dean was inside, too.
For whatever reason, probably because of fatigue, Dean wanted to laugh. However, knowing that this specific reaction may not be the most suitable one, he just leaned forward and rested his head on Cas’ shoulder, smiling like an idiot.
“Good job, little fella,” Dean says automatically, his habit of expressing his approval towards children getting the best of him, apparently unbothered and unable to recognize whether the child is actually deserving of praise. This one isn’t, Dean reminds himself. This one already has blood on its hands.
This particular hunt turned into a splatter movie. Eleven dead, not counting the five bloodsuckers Dean had to decapitate, and two just-turned humans who fed on blood before Dean could give them the cure. He doesn’t admit it to himself, but it felt good; letting the machete smoothly cut the life out of the vampires.
who lies in the bed across the room, just a couple of feet from you,
He keeps seeing Cas afterwards. On the side of the road or on the sidewalk, among other pedestrians. Sometimes when he glances in the mirror or in one of the aisles of the grocery store. Eventually, he tells Sam about it, forcing the words out of his mouth. He doesn’t want to, but a slight, fleeting feeling of hope dictates him to do it. His brother listens, his gaze soft and rueful, just as it was all those years ago when Dean was back from Purgatory and Cas wasn’t.
Yeah, Dean thinks. Might be it.
The night was dark and restless, flowing with sweat and gore. Dean wiped his blade on the coat of a vampire whose head was lying a couple of feet away. The nest has been a run-of-the-mill hunt; a couple of bloodsuckers apparently stupid enough to let themselves get caught by a rusty hunter in the middle of the woods. Good thing though that Dean was still quick with both his mind and muscles, and finished the job nicely and accurately, without acquiring any major injuries. Only his knuckles got hurt in the process, now bleeding sluggishly. The droplets of blood were trickling down his fingers, tickling Dean’s tender skin slightly, only to eventually drip off his fingernails. The hunter sighed and shook his hands. The headless bodies littering the glade needed to be taken care of. In for a dime, in for a dollar, as they say. A pyre was out of the question; the fire would only draw unnecessary attention. Dean sighed once again, heavier this time. He looked around, his eyes searching in the dark. Next to one of the trailers lied a shovel, resting neatly against a once-white wall. Dean stuck his blade into the ground, grabbed the shovel and started walking unhurriedly towards the edge of the glade.
Then the brothers talk, and this time they’re civil with one another because a new day has come and they realize that screaming won’t change anything. Exhaustion hangs in the air, drowsy, the way it always is in the early hours of morning. It’s like the light that seeps through the window; fresh and soft, but this time it bears no hope.
So, he watches the fire. He watches as the last remains of lives lost become lost, too.
Then, in the heat of the moment, he looked up and met Cas’ eyes.
“Ain’t he a little angel?” the prophet remarks cheerfully. Sam smiles and Dean subconsciously curls his hands into fists.
He starts the car again, and reluctantly keeps on driving.
The fight ends the way most of them do; Dean throws something against the wall and leaves.
Cold shrouds him and terror grips his limbs, preventing him from moving. His jaw goes numb, panic rising in him like a tidal wave not intending to move backward, but pressing forward and forward, drowning him.
After they ate, the older hunter has decided it was time for them to get the hell out of there. It was still early so Dean considered letting Jack drive for a while; it’d be an apology for not giving him a chance to properly participate in the hunt. But Jack wasn’t that much of a confident driver, at least not yet, so making him sit behind the wheel on busier roads may turn out as a tragic mistake. Nevertheless, Dean asked Jack, who stared at him with wide eyes and then shook his head slightly saying that it’s better if Dean’s behind the wheel. But his eyes got softer and his smile easier, since with the amount of time he’s spent with the hunter he knew that this offer was more of an apology rather that an actual proposition. So, they got into the car and drove in the early morning hours, heading to the bunker that they were lucky to call home.
It has been a strange day. The other Dean, the one from the past, flipped everything upside down for most people, no matter how hard
“Yeah, I guess it does.” Dean’s weary voice was muffled by the fabric of the angel’s trench coat.
Dean feels bile rise in his throat. “I’m just a guy doing the job.”
Although now that he thinks about it, it was too far away. Maybe it’s something in the Impala. Or maybe he’s just seeing things.
this chapter is slightly all over the place :/
, you think as you find their graves, and you remember the last time he was disappointed in you. The time you disobeyed, the time you forgot what your job is, what it always was and always will be. The time you almost let your brother die. He looked at you differently, from then on, and you couldn’t stand it. You knew you deserved it, but it still stung.
The afternoon, ironically, is clear and sunny. A perfect manifestation of the kind of late spring one sees in family-friendly movies; flowers blooming and streaks of sunlight peeking through the overstory. Dean drives through southern Nebraska, heading home; the car’s windows down and the citrus smell of pine trees filling his nostrils.
They resume their journey. Dean watches absentmindedly as the cool, nighttime mist distills and droplets of water begin a vehement chase on the windows’ surface. His thoughts are the same; chasing each other helplessly and eventually joining together, only to slip down and disappear in the dark, but not without leaving a trace behind. The moon peaks through the clouds and illuminates the wet streaks. That makes Dean think of it; of the moon and of his heart; both only a reflection of something bigger and brighter; hiding, and visible almost only during the night.
He got older; Cas noticed. It was easy to be aware of that, in the non-physical sense. Dean’s dark eyes, face always stone cold… Cas could still vividly remember what it used to be. But age, physical signs of age, weren’t so obvious. After all, Dean’s face was beautiful, just like the day Cas saw it for the first time.
When he emerges from the bathroom Sam is already waiting for him in the car, sitting with his head pressed against the headrest of the driver seat. They will have to switch, eventually; Sam will grow too weary to focus on the road ahead of him, and it will be Dean’s turn to grip the steering wheel. He knows he should rest. But his brother gives him coffee, somehow aware that Dean does not intend to sleep, and himself downs two double espressos.
But then again, so does he.
He looks at the mixtape again. An old possession of his, coming back to him.
His brother looks up, startled, and extends his hand in a calming gesture.
Dean says nothing.
He looks around, confused. His gaze lands on the rearview mirror and he feels a shiver goes down his spine.
She hesitates. “So, you’re some kind of… superhero?”
Sam approaches him wordlessly and takes his share of sticks. They build it together, and once they’re finished, Sam goes upstairs to prepare Kelly’s body for the funeral.
It was only Dean who seemed not to see him as a misfit. Maybe because he was one, too. Or maybe because they would fit perfectly together, making their own little world.
“Nothing?”
After Dean emerges from the shower, he mechanically dries his skin, and puts on the softest pajamas he owns in a hopeless attempt to soothe his battered body. Then he heads to Sam’s room, knocks, and when he hears no response, he opens the door, and finds his brother and the baby fast asleep next to each other. It isn’t what it was supposed to be, and Dean is surprised that Sam managed to lull that small abomination to sleep, but he exits the room and closes the door behind him quietly, as not to disturb the sleeping.
The bunker means familiarity, comfort. Solid walls and a dusty smell; a labyrinth of corridors. It’s a place of the past, a mausoleum of all things lost and regained. A grave for the living, and a home.
Dean knows he shouldn’t drink that much. He’s known it his entire life, even though the drinking was more of a means of regaining control than anything else. But he’s aware that it’s one of his bad habits. Especially now, when there’s a baby in his room, sleeping a few feet away from him, or sometimes in his bed, when Dean fails at lulling him to sleep. Then, he takes Jack in his arms and places him next to his chest. Dean does all this with bile in his throat, unable to stop himself from feeling repugnance towards this child.
Up until he moved a little further and saw Dean lying in the grass.
A pause.
So it really does work, Dean thinks later on, as he looks at Sam pouring tea into Donny’s cup. The bunker’s warding sufficiently muffles Jack’s powers. May those old sons of bitches who built this place be blessed.
Jack was sitting on his own bed, the one farther away from the door. His hands were on his knees as he looked at Dean reproachfully.
To kill the Devil.
you remind yourself, one last time, before you let it go and
Angels don’t have souls, he knows that. They cannot become spirits; they cannot haunt the living. But then again, Cas has always been a little different. Him haunting this place, attached to the mixtape or some other object… That would provide an explanation for why Dean saw him.
He uncovers Cas’ face and regrets it immediately, as he finds himself unable to look away. Something hot and numbing fills his insides; his teeth rattle and his fingertips burn. He puts the cloth back in its place.
Cas sighed and turned, wrapping his arms around Dean’s middle, trying to calm his raging heart. Drugs were not helping, the effects already wearing off yet still present enough to make him a little bit twitchier. If he knew Dean would come, he wouldn’t take the pills; he would try to experience Dean as sober as possible.
“Oh, sweet. Castiel? He’s dead. All the way dead. Because of you.”
They agree, for once. They have to buy food; for the child and for themselves. Dean gives in to Sam’s reasoning without much of a fuss; they have to take the baby to the bunker because that way it won’t hurt anyone nor will it be used by anything and God knows what’s looking for it. There is no-one to carve sigils on Jack’s ribs, hiding him from other angels, and they can’t exactly tattoo an infant, for Christ’s sake. They figure the bunker’s warding will have to do. If that fails, well, they’ll have to make it up as they go.
He looks around and clears his throat.
Dean closes his eyes but does not sleep.
“Maybe you’re just… I don’t know, Dean. Dealing with things?” Sam adds, at last, his voice tinted with caution. “Losing mom and Cas… That’s a lot to process.”
Castiel looked at the hunter’s face and made a choice.
The ride back to the motel was music-less and very much painful. The small of Dean’s back was killing him and an unpleasant tingling in his knuckles potentiated every time he had to squeeze the steering wheel a little tighter to make a turn. It wasn’t anything the hunter wasn’t used to; years of killing and bleeding and hurting made him almost indifferent to most injuries or aches. Key-word: almost. Sometimes his body was just really keen on reminding him that he was still very, very human, and an aging one, on top of that. Maybe, someday, when he was younger, he would have been almost happy to feel that pain; it would mean that he had survived the night and had made a contribution to the world by killing some evil sons of bitches. But now all he felt was weariness, which was doubled when he realized that there’s a whole new day waiting for him. Of course, he wasn’t going to bitch about that. No, the life he has been leading for almost forty years now, thought him better than to complain about small things like aching bones or cracked skin on his hands. Nevertheless, it was still nice sometimes to indulge himself and not overlook everything that was wrong with his existence.
They sat in silence for what seemed like a century, drinking their teas and avoiding each other’s eyes. Nevertheless, the moment wasn’t awkward, the quiescent hours of the night swathing them with comfortable silence.
Dean’s neck was broken.
Up until he looked around and saw his friends, dead on the ground.
“See you then, Dean.”
Dean looked at him then, eyes dead and unmoving and said: “What makes you think there’ll be an ‘after’?”
“Jack said you took care of the hunt on your own.” There was no accusation in his tone, just a simple statement of a fact.
Jack nodded. “Is Cas home?”
Dean walks into the house, reluctantly, dragging the moment, his body trying to oppose his actions, and approaches the table.
A few minutes passed before Cas could see again; red fog not veiling his human eyes anymore. He sat down next to Dean’s unmoving corpse and held him.
She seems to relish that.
Smoke makes the night alive with its warm-toned, bitter cloud that plumes from the pyre and vanishes in the dark sky. The smell, horrible odor of burning flesh, spreads in the air, and Dean, even though he’s smelled it his entire life, feels close to stifling. For a brief moment, he expects the child to start crying again, but it remains calm. It was born to live through things like this, Dean thinks. It was born to watch the world burn.
Not quite angel enough and not quite human enough, Cas has always been a misshaped puzzle in the jigsaw that was the universe.
Cas stood a few steps away, not able to bring himself to move.
Cas stared at him for a while. “I suppose you are right, Dean. Still, I can’t help but notice that you seem more weary than usual," He pointed out, a glimpse of concern in his eyes.
He takes the curtains, yellow and soft, and rips them into pieces. As he wraps them around Cas’ legs, another part of him gives in and breaks and he has to stop. He breathes; one, two, three seconds. Then he straightens up, undraws the cloth once more, and puts his hands on Cas’ chest, searching.
The baby in Sam’s arms coos softly.
Sure he could have hoped, but that’s different. Dean was dangerously close to falling silent with his jaw dropped, so he decided to get the ball back into Cas’s court. “And so, the wax?” The words came out sounding choked, but maybe Cas wouldn’t hear. Now that it was back on Cas, he was sure that dealing with whatever he was going to say was better than stuttering and stumbling over his words.
"Hiya! Are you Castiel?" She asked the question in a way that made Cas feel oddly important, a hint of genuine excitement in her voice. When Cas confirmed that he was indeed, she lit up like a Christmas tree.
“Cas, everything okay?” Dean’s brow creased, his every emotion always so clear across his features. Lips slightly pursed, the tension growing in his shoulders causing him to straighten up, worried eyes glancing down at him.
What was the motive behind gluing himself to Dean’s hip?
Dean was correct, stating a fact, but Cas seemed to take it as a point for his team. Dean had to admit that the smug look suited Cas, that effortless, inherent power that always thrummed underneath his skin only intensified with the twist of his lips and the raising of his eyebrow.
“Is there something you require, sir?”
Things were back to normal, just like he feared.
“That was after, when she came back with the extra slice of pie as an apology for her assumption,”
When Cas breathed out a “Yes,” Dean was no longer teasing, and he took Castiel into his mouth, swallowing around him. Cas let out a string of expletives, some Dean was positive he’d never heard Castiel say. He hid his amusement behind his need, his head bobbing as he moved up and down on Castiel’s cock, taking him deeper each time. This time Dean reached up to hold Cas’s hand, searching for it on the sheets without stopping his task. Dean used his other hand to grab at Cas’s thigh, the muscle he felt underneath the surface there all too enticing.
Batteries? What would he need th- Dean bit his lip to hide his reaction. Batteries. For a sex toy. That's almost definitely currently laying on the bed that's just feet (and a wall) away from his own.
“I just,” Cas started and stopped. “Your hickey looks like a heart.”
The group had settled back into quiet conversations, smaller groups paired up and making various plans for the week. Cas was paging through the contents of his backpack, searching, at Meg's request, for the printout that displayed his schedule. Across the table, Castiel heard Ruby's stage whisper to the girl to the right. The shamelessly asked, "
It was as if a switch was flipped.
Even still, Dean had his eyes trained on Castiel’s in the rearview mirror. He gave off
It was Dean. In Castiel’s shirt. What is there to complain about? He smiled wide at the thought of Dean wearing his clothing back on campus, even if it was just to the dorms, even if nobody would know it was his but the two of them.
Dean had heard the cliches of butterflies or fireworks or sparks or whatever chick-flick bullshit, but he always thought of it as dramatics. The feeling in Dean's stomach when Cas leaned in (not quite clearing the distance between them but
Dean was still immensely confused at the change of events. Less than three minutes ago the man standing in front of him was having clearly enjoyable sex, then not so much, & now he’s? Standing in Dean’s doorway, skin flushed pink & hair delightfully mussed. “Yes, sorry to interrupt, I know we have not yet met. I’m Castiel, I live next door.” Dean managed to wipe the dumbstruck look off of his face, fully taking in the view before him. He had also not been wrong about the man’s build. Sure, he was a few inches shorter than Dean was, but
Castiel immediately met his eyes again, ready to shut him down on his negative path. He already noticed Dean relax slightly under his gaze; even the ghosting feeling of being watched was enough to soothe him, hold him still on his spiral. "It's fine, hey." Castiel reached out, and Dean handed over his phone, a new contact page open. "Our paths don't cross too often." It was partially untrue, they had two classes together this semester, and their senior class was small enough that they couldn't exactly ignore the other. But, on the other hand, Cas did spend a fair amount of time staying far away from a few of Dean's friends and teammates.
(Fine, to be pedantic, Dean’s business manager Garth signed Castiel’s checks. Castiel definitely didn’t want to sleep with him, but the function of the rule still stands. Work and pleasure = separate. It’s the way Castiel had lived his whole life, a clear disconnection between the two halves.)
Those words opened up a whole new floodgate in Dean’s head. He’s sure Cas can see the reaction, his cheeks flushing, eyes darkening. Briefly, he hoped that would be the end of his physical responses since Cas had sent him off to put on more clothes and the sweatpants he chose were not the best for concealing any sort of problem that may… arise.
Rarely, the local beach was host to a few families scattered across the shoreline, even less often, a group or two of kids from the high school. No lifeguards, no snack shack, no vacation rentals, and so it stayed relatively quiet. Perks of a small town, Dean assumed. Not that he had been much elsewhere. Besides, he liked it there, liked his friends, liked his car, and tolerated school. Sure, it could get a little bit monotonous, but Dean also knew where to find a good time. Mostly there, on the beach, with some good music and a beer.
There, standing in the doorway of the exam room, stood a man. Dean regarded him again, his eyes flicking across the stranger’s frame almost frantically. He stood there almost as if he wasn’t worried at all by Dean’s presence, and his expression was more of amusement than terror or confusion. Not the usual response when one is caught mid-break-in. When Dean spoke, he wasn’t sure what possessed him to shift his weight to one leg, cocking out his hip and puffing up his chest a little, a misplaced display of bravado. “How long you been watching me?” Dean managed to sound like he was someone capable of making a man swoon, and it might have worked if not for his earlier display of imbalance and the fact that the stranger was still looking at him like there was a joke Dean wasn’t in on.
“I’ve decided to keep you overnight for observation, Dean,” When Castiel spoke his name, the way it ran through his entire body bordered on sobering. Dean shuddered. He felt clarity. He
Wouldn’t stand up in court.” Dean spoke, holding himself with an air of confidence.
But, anyway.
Dean spoke the last bit like it was genuinely hard for him to get the words out, lips pulled onto a scowl. Castiel rolled his eyes, an over-dramatized act performed just to annoy Dean.
_______
Dean clearly did
Cas leaned up and kissed Dean’s cheek and then his nose and jaw and chin before pulling back. Dean just stared at him, curiosity piqued by Castiel’s behavior. “That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you this whoooooole time.” Cas drew out the word, poking at Dean’s chest.
The deadline of Summer's end might have even been a significant factor in why Dean needed to make things so right - there was only one chance, and Dean had long since learned to take what he could while it was around. He knew any good opportunity wouldn't stick around too long, but that didn't make it any less of a good thing. And lately, Dean's good things included desserts and music and, as he'd newly discovered, kissing Castiel.
The door swung shut behind Dean, and the night breeze felt sobering. He laughed softly at the thought, knowing the dip in his distraction levels had a lot more to do with realizing he’s in love with his best friend, and he couldn’t ignore that anymore. Fuck. Dean slid down to sit on the curb, his head fell into his hands, and damnit, Dean Winchester did not cry.
The woman tucked her chin down towards her chest, coyly returning his flirtatious glance. Dean kept his eyes on her, downing the shot quickly. In one practiced movement, Dean put the shot glass down on the bar and slid off the stool to saunter towards his target. He smirked as the girl waved off her friends just as he stepped up to face her. Her eyes were bright blue, and Dean again had to push away memories of being this close to Cas, and he pretended not to notice how
conversation Dean couldn’t have joined even if Cas hadn’t used the Latin names. Dean had stood back and watched, more interested in Castiel’s self-debates than the rest of the rainforest-esque environment.
“Honey, I’m home,” Cas called to Dean in jest as he pulled off his coat and hung it in the hall closet. “What are you up to?”
at Dean. The reality of the situation hadn’t set in (Dean was currently shirtless in a veterinarian’s office, his jeans were caked in mud and vamp blood, and he very much broke in), and so Dean was mostly focused on deflecting away from his embarrassment at being
“If you were to shoot me,” Castiel started, his tone fond in a way that made Dean’s stomach flutter. What sort of seduction was this? “I would still feel the bullets. They would still rip through the skin of my vessel. I would simply heal the wounds afterwards.”
it matter to him. He admitted how terrible he had treated Castiel, how he had ruined any chance of fixing it, and that he simply needed to move on.
Dean was still asleep next to him, and Cas was staring so hard he worried he would wake Dean. Dean really is beautiful, Cas had been drunk on pleasure and emotion and a cosmo when he had said it last night, but he meant it. His eyelashes were golden at the tips like they’d been dipped in light. From this closely, Cas could see them flutter slightly with his own soft exhales. Dean’s face was relaxed. He looked serene, the way his lips fell open slightly, and every muscle was loose.
Dean hadn’t meant to say that, but it was true. Everything had been normal up until this angel flew through the second-floor window and decided it was Fuck With Dean Day. He just wanted to finish the beers he’d picked up on the way into town and pass out before he went to meet some (hopefully hot) hunter-chick, but it turns out absolutely none of that would be happening as expected.
Cas sighed, stepping a bit closer to flick at Dean’s cheek. “For the last time, not a spell. You agreed to this, will you just play along?” He flicked at Dean again, but he turned his cheek to bite at Castiel’s finger, nearly catching it in his mouth. Cas couldn’t keep from focusing his attention on Dean’s lips then, unashamed and unaware that he was leering.
“Want to wait, you too,” Cas wasn’t quite eloquent, but Dean got the point. He looked up to see the man had his head pressed back into the pillow, his back arching slightly as he collected himself. Dean just moved up on the bed to press soothing kisses on Castiel’s heated skin, squeezing his hand and using the other to stroke through his hair. A few seconds later, Cas was rolling them over, yet again straddling Dean’s hips, this time, significantly less clothing between them. Dean would never get used to how good Cas felt pressed against him like that.
Castiel shot Dean a look that managed to look threatening even through his partially hooded eyes. “It absolutely really is. I do it out here alone every year, at least you have me here.” Dean laughed, a big warm sound that Cas swore he felt wrap around him like a blanket, regardless of the fact that Dean was laughing
Castiel met Dean's eyes and shook his head no. Now that he was so close to Dean, he realized the only thing missing in the photo was a focus on the boy's eyes. "No, here, you lo-"Cas cut himself off, flicking his gaze away. "The
about the situation. If dean let himself think about it enough, he would blame it on his tendency to fall for a set of pretty eyes, and the blue ones regarding him cooly from 10 feet away were nothing less than piercing.
He contemplated the hardworthiness of
Cas’s eyes were impossibly brighter when paired with that bit of happiness, and Dean nearly missed the beginning of his sentence with the intensity of his distraction.
"We met on the beach and swam and sat under the sun and went out on a boat and had a picnic and stargazed and we went for drives and kissed in the sand." Cas felt the emotions he had poorly shoved down start to bubble up, recalling their summer nights had the boy wishing for things he knew he couldn't have. "But then it was over. Like nothing even happened."
“Yeah, yeah. The spell or whatever.” Dean interrupted as if he hadn’t been corrected a dozen times that night.
At least this time, there weren’t any tears. Dean waved off the nervous employee; Cas sent the teen a calm smile.
Dean’s frustration leaked into his tone, but the prevalent feeling was one of defeat.
Of course, Dean was the one who
Cas waited until Dean’s hand was curled around his, around the key, before he let go. Dean hadn’t moved since Cas first reached into his jeans.
His questions of the interruption faded into curiosity as he watched the person continue on their path. Yup, it was him; Dean's mystery beach boy was back. And for some reason, he hadn't stopped walking yet, entering the no-man's-land that rested between them and still approaching. Dean was still staring. He tore his eyes away when the boy looked his way, positive he noticed. Dean's coverup was to keep searching the shoreline, exaggerating a bit as he craned his neck to look the opposite direction down the sand. When Dean turned back to face the water, he discreetly watched from the corner of his eye.
from the haunted mirrors.”
, Cas. I mean... like, a Binny’s.”
That had taken him back, not in a bad way; Dean just surprised him, that’s all. Castiel had let his little crush on Dean grow over the last few weeks while they worked together, but he really had only done so out of boredom. He didn’t actually think Dean would ever notice him outside of an assigned project, and tiny, harmless crushes could be fun.
This wasn’t out of the ordinary, Dean bringing a girl out with him from the club. In fact, Castiel sort of expected it when they went out on nights like this, he suspected the company was more the goal of the evening than the drinking and dancing were. Castiel already activated the privacy partition, and it clicked into place as Dean held open the door for the petite brunette. Dean walked around to the other side, slipping into the seat with heavy limbs that Castiel recognized as tipsy Dean’s.
Once Cas undid the clasp, he lifted the necklace off of Dean and placed it carefully into the dish he had left his things in.
Damnit - that really wasn’t the best time to get lost in Castiel.
He mounted a protest but wasn’t fast enough in his delivery.
sink in while he ate. Did Castiel accidentally make a lunch table full of friends? He had spent lunch in the library at the last 8 schools he had attended, and that had been nice. But this was nice too, having Meg punch at his shoulder lightly while they joked and laughed.
was the type of guy that would never give Cas the time of day. It all started with some presentation for a class project, thoroughly professional. Dean was the type of intelligent that made you feel guilty for having assumed he wouldn’t be. His jokes, flirtations, and casual demeanor suited him well, but Castiel really became enamored with the parts of Dean he wasn’t as loud about; the way his eyes crinkled in the corner when he smiled, his complete dedication to his work, the way he made little things seem so important.
. “And no time to hit up the local movie theatre? Too busy painting?”
He felt like he was being marched around with how quickly Charlie beelined to the sign-in booth, their hands still joined together. She handled it for both of them, ensuring they wouldn't be marked tardy or absent for their next class. That was Castiel's main worry, and once handled, he felt free enough to actually look around and see what needed to be done.
Dean thought.
Dean’s gaze hardened and he raised an eyebrow in challenge to Cas. “You wanna talk oblivious? It took you a quarter of a bottle of vodka to get it through your head that I’ve been flirting with you for years, and even then I had to do all the work myself.” He thought for a second. “Well, I had help from all your magic I guess. Witch boy.”
Dean’s erection had flagged with the unexpected change of events & he was just about to head out to the couch to binge-watch a new Netflix series when he heard that same door opening & closing noise that had started this whole moment to begin with. This time, it was different though, as the next noise he heard was clearly & definitely a knock on his door.
The universe sent Castiel another kick while he was down, already on his knees and uselessly hiding. The container he held in his (now sweating and useless) hands slipped out of his grip.
He was making no such face.
He let his eyes fall shut as he leaned in to press his forehead against Dean's shoulder now, the same way the boy had rested after their kiss. He took a deep breath, taking a soft inhale through his nose before he leaned back to look Dean in the eye. "You smell like spearmint."
She seemed shocked by that.”
Castiel mentally reviewed his schedule for the day. Gym. "Alright," Castiel said while Charlie immediately grinned. "What club are you in?"
Castiel held the plate steady, lowering it slightly when Dean didn’t pull away as far as Cas would have liked. They watched in silence as the blaze worked down the newspaper, leaving the edges fragile and flaked away, charred. The acrid smoke spilled into the air around them, the windows being shut to protect against the chill also prevented airflow. Dean pursed his lips up at it, blowing hard to force the smoke further out. Cas giggled, but joined in since the boy’s method was proving to be nearly as effective as it was cute.
there?" He did dorky little one-handed air quotes, his other arm supporting his weight as he stared down at Dean. With the nod given in confirmation, Castiel just smiled and leaned back down, and if Dean had noticed he was slightly closer, he wasn't going to complain. Cas's foot bumped up against his, and the simple moment of contact made Dean's stomach explode with butterflies. He thought Cas might be onto something with his mention of "something more."
Dean just stared back, an almost knowing glint in his eyes that made Castiel shiver a bit. Castiel spoke up as soon as he remembered how to. “Where would you like to go, sir?” He fell back into the steady professionalism he could always rely on. The woman in the back seat giggled, likely embarrassed or at least conscious that the driver was aware of their previous actions. She was sitting in her own seat now, her gaze pointedly set towards her feet, avoiding the front seat entirely.
" and the words carried across the table easily.
, a musk that sent shockwaves through Cas, mixing into the winter air alongside the smoke and fresh pine branches. He wanted more than anything to mark Dean there, on his neck where it meets his shoulder, where Cas had seen bruises left from others, but he didn’t want to overstep and assume he was allowed to take anything he wasn’t expressly given.
The teacher of that particular class took attendance by full name at the beginning of every hour and had officially reached the fifth day of mispronouncing Castiel's name. He hadn't been nearly close, and each time he would make Castiel stand up and repeat it. Somehow, the teacher managed to mess up Novak the one time he
“Fine. I do not
pain, but to say we
promised he'd do all he could to make the year normal.
Dean stacked their empty bottles into an overflowing recycling can before spinning back around to address Sam. His younger brother had received the clean-up hint & rose to his feet as well. “
Castiel slid his chair back, moving his hands up Dean’s arms to use him for balance as he rose to his feet, a bit unsteady. The room spun and Castiel squeezed onto Dean's shoulders while he gained his bearings. A moment later, he moved to the wall behind Dean and pulled a black sheet from where he had covered a mirror. When he sat back down, he positioned the second mirror on the table just right.
"Oh man, alright, okay, I heard you were new here." Castiel braced for the onslaught of questions about where he came from, what his story was, but all that came was an added, "I like your nails."
Dean didn’t
"Is it awful? Did I blink?"
“Oh stop it, maybe it’s saying you’re so good at laundry that you’ll have proposals to sort through. Maybe it’s even the
When Castiel spoke, Dean could feel it shake through his ribcage. “This one is perfect, actually. Keeps witches away, but you know that.”
He wrinkled his nose as he took stock of the room. His overnight bag was in the corner, and his clothes were strewn across the furniture as if they had been deserted quickly. Cas blushed at the memories.
a pining look.
Dean flipped through his internal Rolodex of excuses, but when he poked his tongue out to wet his lips before he spoke, he noticed Castiel’s eyes dart down to watch the movement, the blue narrowing as his gaze darkened. Jackpot. Instead of hopping to his own defense, Dean deliberately looked the man up and down, suppressing the laugh he felt rise up at the sight of fuzzy yellow socks covering his feet, any last bit of lasting suspicion that he could be in any sort of immediate danger suddenly dissipated. “Well, I’d bet the majority of veterinarians would call the cops on the strange shirtless robber, but I’m pretty sure you fixed me right up and wasted no time turnin’ on the charm.”
Dean looked up from his half-empty cup. “That’s not true. The kid helped with the investigation.” He closed his eyes for a second. “I knew where the nest was, Cas. It was late and the kid was sleeping and it’d be a waste of time to drag him with me to the woods.” He finished, trying to justify his actions out of a habit.
The Colt was supposed to be able to kill everything except five things in all creation. Maybe it would kill a human-angel-hippie hybrid. Cas looked down at his hunter once more.
“Do you wanna say something?”
Jack’s crying becomes unbearable; his shrill squall piercing the quiet of the evening.
Jack nodded slowly and rose from his bed. Dean watched him for a short moment, a thought crossing his mind. A thought that has been there for a long time now, ever since Dean allowed himself to care for the boy. And after all this time it still caught him by surprise how much the kid reminded him of Cas. The cautiousness of his movements and a sort of off-beam obedience to whatever Dean was saying. Of course, there were major differences between the two of them and said obedience wasn’t always present, thank God for that. Or maybe not God, Dean corrected himself bitterly. Well, maybe to some extend it was His doing, too. Dean quickly decided not to dwell on that.
For the mixtape, Cas was just an interference. It was Dean’s before it was Cas’, in more ways than Dean was willing to admit. An identification badge of sorts, exposing and vulnerable; stripped of shame. It belonged to Cas, for a short moment, and now it came back to him, as things tend to do from time to time. Dean wishes that it didn’t. He wishes its previous owner could take its place.
There was a time when he’d say it with sureness and pride. Now, he doesn’t even know what that means. Not really and not anymore.
A feeling creeps into his heart. It’s one of those undefined, uneasy thoughts that you get after a dream that’s neither good nor bad. Disorientation mixed with a deep, subconscious knowledge that you forgot about something that should not remain forgotten, and fear, present behind your eyes, that the lost detail will eventually come back and shake you to the core. Dean feels a shiver go down his spine, making his frame tremble, as he realizes that he slept, but has not dreamt at all.
Dean wakes up tired; his weariness accompanied by a dull ache in his head and a foul aftertaste in his mouth. He rolls out of bed, his limbs stiff and clumsy, and almost trips over an empty bottle.
also, i promise there's gonna be more jack content in the next chapters!! it's just that dean's grief is still so fresh... i felt i have to focus on it here. but yeah, there's more to come. and also, this is officially the longest thing i've written in my life. whew!!
, you think as you watch the flames, and you tell yourself the tears in your eyes are just due to the smoke that makes the night alive with its warm-toned, bitter cloud that plumes from the grave and vanishes in the dark sky. You wipe the wetness of your eyes away with your hands; the graveyard dirt that’s under your fingernails and in the cracks of the skin on your palms smears on your sweaty nose and cheeks.
“Are you hurt?” the boy asked, worry appearing on his face in the place of anger. Dean chuckled soundlessly. “No, kid. I’m good.” He stripped off his jacket, dumped it on the bed and started untying his shoes. “I’m gonna take a shower,” he pointed at the bag laying on the table, “and you should eat something”.
Jack ate in silence, his pancakes drowning in maple syrup. Again, Dean’s mind reminded him that Sam would flip if he saw that Dean’s letting the kid eat that much sugar for breakfast. But Sam wasn’t here to lecture neither of them and Jack seemed to be getting the most out of the current situation. Dean looked at him fondly and sipped his a little burnt-tasting coffee equally quiet. There was a simplicity to that morning; just two not-so-ordinary people enjoying each other’s presence. No monsters to hunt (for now), no God to fight (for now), just coffee, pancakes, chatter of other customers and pretty waitresses around them.
, for fuck’s sake. It’s a kid, Dean. It’s an abomination! So was I, remember? That’s different! How?! You weren’t born that way! Dean– Does it have powers? Yes, Dean, I’ve seen his eyes, but– It’s the Antichrist, Sam! He could wipe Chicago with a sneeze! Kelly thought he was good. She’s dead, Sam!
Still, trained by life to ignore his discomfort, he managed to drift off into a dreamless lethargy.
Dean takes the car, even though he probably shouldn’t be driving, but things have to be done and he won’t be the one staying with the child. He’s glad that the engine roars loud enough to drown out the thoughts that float in his head.
They drive in silence, too exhausted to converse or even listen to the radio. That silence inarms them, weighs down heavily on their shoulders, preempts them from speaking. Disturbing it seems inappropriate; even whispers would resound, loud and obnoxious. Quietness makes their thoughts louder and feelings clearer and closer; it seeps into their hearts and meticulously fishes out the things that hurt, and then pieces them together, like puzzles. Elements fit and the image becomes full; unbearable and obtrusive.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas, are you here?”
Now, he lied in his bed with all the thoughts floating in his mind and all the emotions slowly drowning his heart.
hello!! sorry for how long i took to write this. i have a lot of schoolwork and other stuff going on, so i ask for your indulgence.
will, Dean thinks bitterly.
“Yes, we do,” Dean says, because it's true. “We do, Sam. Lucifer killed her. The moment he realized we trapped his ass, he killed her. You know he did.” He clenches his jaw. “She’s gone. They’re all gone.”
as always, comments are very appreciated <3
The first time he sees Cas is when he’s driving back home from a particularly nasty hunt.
He’d seen Dean cry, sometimes, when the hunter couldn’t help it. Dean has always been filled with feelings, bad ones more often than not. Cas always thought that emotions were a dangerous temptation, yet Dean managed to overwhelm Castiel with their strength and sheer beauty. There were good feelings in Dean, too. Love and devotion and undying hope, always painted across Dean’s face, whether he wanted them to be or not. Still, as time passed, those become less and less frequent; tears of joy even rarer than the one brought to Dean’s eyes by sorrow.
After the funeral, they decided to drive back home immediately. They were aware that the ride would be long; the entire night and the whole next day. But  they couldn’t afford to stall, so Sam asked whether Dean wanted him to drive. Dean didn’t, of course, because he never does. But the child would start crying when Sam would try to hold it and Dean was exhausted, so he let Sam take the keys and slide behind the wheel as he himself sat in the backseat. Shotgun is no place for a baby, especially when there are no seatbelts.
Cas nodded. “I know. Jack has been quite understanding, too. I was just wondering whether that was the actual reason and not the fact that you think he’s not ready or skilled enough to help you out on hunts.”
It was late at night or very early in the morning, depending how you’d look at it. And Dean was tired and awake. Again. Truth be told, he was tired quite often, but for the first time in a very long while, he was tired and happy.
They keep driving forward.
Where do angels go after they die? He never really thought about it. He didn’t really have to. But now, he wonders. They did burn the body; the remains couldn’t be an anchor in this world. Could it be…?
That’s all he does recently, guzzling bottle after bottle. But he can’t sleep when he’s sober.
Dean tore his gaze away from the view outside of the window. “A couple hours. We should be there for lunch. Sam’s promised to make some food once we’re back. Maybe the bunker isn’t all burnt down yet," he joked, knowing that his brother was as much of a cook as Dean was a writer.
"Yeah, there's nothing linking those two."
I dote on myself, there is that lot of me and all so luscious,
Dean whips his head around to look at his brother, “What?”
“What, she’s starting her own dance group?” Dean asks.
Dean held his breath, waiting for Cas to get mad or pull away. Instead, Cas tilted his head back slightly and smiled, “Thank you, Dean.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Every moment I was with you, a leviathan made you its target. I couldn't afford to be happy."
Dean smirked, "I can whip up a decent pie, just saying."
Okay, so maybe that could’ve gone better. Somewhere in the back of his head, Dean knows this conversation is going terribly and he should just sew his mouth shut and step into that grave he dug for himself. In his defense, Dean’s system is not built to handle getting his best friend back after three years and finding out he’s gay all in a span of two days. It stings to know that Cas never bothered to tell him because, if Dean were in his place, Cas would be the first person he would go to. Not that he would actually tell anyone, but the point is, if he
"I ain't written a thing except for love letters in high school." Homer chuckled. "Anyways, I was hoping the feds would show up."
"Enough, I believe," Cas says. "Though, humanity has changed tremendously since the last time angels walked the Earth."
"Yeah," Dean shrugged. "So, we need a cover for tomorrow."
"Woah, it's alright," Dean says, raising his hands on either side of his head in submission. "I found you unconscious in the middle of the damn road, mind telling me how you ended up there?"
"I'm more than okay." Dean lies, though only partially. He wants Cas like he wants air, but Dean is not the kind of guy who deserves to breathe. He wants to do this for Cas, give himself over to Cas until he breaks enough to not feel anything anymore.
“Of course, not!” Louisa huffed. “I love Terra and she loves me. But she was scared to leave Issac. All her funds were in their joint account and she had a reputation here. Even then I was ready to wait because I love her. More than anything in this world. I’m not a murderer!”
“Then what is it?”
“It’s the only lead we’ve got so far. I’m game.”
“I sent Sam off to the scene early, told him I’d catch up with you,” Dean turns around, walking out to the parking lot. “I’ll need a ride.”
"Dean, please listen-"
In their pasts, they had lost each other way too many times—be it divine intervention or simply their frequent quarrels—and Dean's fear was justified. Yet, they always came back to each other no matter how much the world tried to pry them apart.
“You don’t even
Dean laughed then, carefully running his hand back and forth on Castiel's hip soothingly. He wanted that, but the part of him that knew Castiel would be off to a different state soon wished to protect them both from the heartache. Another part of Dean, the one that his father worked so hard to build, didn't want to admit he was afraid they'd be seen, and that's why he had pulled away.
Dean had ruffled Castiel’s hair as a sort of goodbye gesture that night, a rare moment of physical contact, almost hesitant at first when he reached up and threaded his fingers through Castiel’s hair, but without a trace of nerves showing on his face. Of course, Dean stared Castiel down the whole time, forest green eyes intense and a small smile twitching at the corners of his lips while Cas stood still as ever. Dean had looked at Castiel like he could see just how much space he took up in the man’s thoughts. Like he could press play and review the thoughts that Castiel was fighting to ignore. The memory of it made Cas reach for his water bottle to soothe a suddenly dry throat.
“So what if I am?”
Castiel’s posture straightened an additional impossible few degrees, looking every bit as righteous as he did the first time Dean met him, minus the dozen bullet holes and the knife to the chest.
He would be the 4th person that
Dean slid off the couch and over to Cas, kneeling next to him. He reached out and lifted the back of Castiel’s shirt further, and immediately huffed out a laugh. With his other hand, Dean peeled the little circle off of Cas’s back, the man letting out a small squeal as he did. “Dean, what’re you doing?” His voice had a hint of a warning in it, and he sat up and faced his friend.
It might have gone unnoticed by someone with less practice, but Dean knew better.
Alright, fuck this. The cryptic act had to go. Nothing made enough sense for Dean to even process any feelings of danger; he was simply confused. He was pretty sure he hadn’t told Castiel his name, since he had been pretty sure ‘Castiel,’ the fakest name Dean had heard in a while, was an alias and Dean wasn’t about to go offering up his own name in return. He just wanted to sleep and kill a witch.
. He wanted little more than to keep this man laughing, keep upping this challenge. Something must have shifted in his expression then because Castiel’s turned to one of recognition, and he shifted yet closer, now his hip was pressed against Dean’s knee.
that Castiel knew him and his habits well enough to know what Dean was or wasn’t wearing underneath his robe.
‘Course
was that Dean was alone. He had gone on solo hunts before, mostly uneventful ones. His second hunt had seen him too close for comfort with a really peeved succubus, but he had gotten out mostly unscathed so far. Until tonight. He had been tracking a formerly runaway teen, currently freshly turned vamp. The uncontrollably bloodthirsty monster had escaped from its clan in a panic to feed, and when the group decided the fledgling was more trouble than she was worth, they stopped looking for her. At that point, she became a Winchester problem, the perfect low-stakes hunt for his father to send him off on as a practice run.
Castiel laughed, and grabbed a fistful of the newspaper, scrunching it in his hand until it resembled some sort of unraveling oval. Throwing it at Dean, the bunched paper bounced off his chest and Cas caught it on the rebound. Cas put it on a plate, handing Dean the matchbook with a soft smile.
Dean just nodded, accepting Castiel's statement, and then before he could worry about getting cold feet, his mouth was on autopilot. "Yeah, I don't know when I noticed because I guess I go, like, both ways or whatever. So, y'kno, since I liked girls, it was hard to notice…. or, um, easy to ignore that I liked boys too until I got older and then-"
Cas looked over to the table and moved to rearrange a few things, making space in front of Dean. His hands felt weightier than he was used to, and Cas nearly fumbled and tipped a candle over, but the tiny candelabra just tottered on the surface, unsteady until Dean reached out and balanced the flame. Dean hid a laugh at Cas and the way his face was flushed pink from the alcohol and their closeness, and the way Cas’s brow was now furrowed as he worked carefully and at a snail’s pace, now afraid of knocking the candle again. When Cas was finished, it was his turn to catch Dean staring.
The man’s partner was always so goddamned quiet, & on one hand, it made it easy to pretend he wasn’t there, but on the other, it annoyed Dean to no end. If he had his chance, he’d make sure this perfect man knew exactly what he was doing to Dean
He should have known based on the day so far.
rules, Cas!” Dean poked at Cas’s arm, earning a little squeal from the boy. “Alright, my turn.” Dean rolled up his newspaper sheet, carefully bending and crinkling the paper, his face screwed up in a look of intense concentration. Castiel couldn’t help but stare, Dean’s freckled, tan skin looked like it was glittering gold in the candlelight, his hair, god, his hair was even more distracting to Cas. It was the way Dean always wore it spiked up a little by the end of the day, especially this late, it was messy and gorgeous and Cas had half a mind left to keep himself from saying that all out loud.
"I feel like a card dealer," Dean remarked as he started pulling out their meal, doling out one of each item to himself and Castiel. They began with a sparkling grape juice that Dean had picked days ago for Cas and, for that, endured a few days of teasing from Bobby when it was spotted in the kitchen. The blue solo cups that Dean had brought along as glassware weren't very picturesque, but Dean couldn't help but pull out his phone and take a picture of Castiel as he sat on that blanket.
. Based on the responding pink blush that spread across the angel’s face, he had, in fact, been up in Dean’s brain and hadn’t quite hopped back out yet. Great. Now he was definitely going to Hell. If the attempted angel murder hadn’t done it, those quite un-angelic pornographic thoughts he’d just projected to Castiel would for sure be his damnation.
Thoughts like that always overwhelmed Dean if he allowed himself to get lost in them, too swept up in what Castiel
Summers were Dean's time, some of the only times he had no responsibilities, and this season would technically be his last. Dean had always spent summers away from his dad (or - more accurately, his father spent summers away from him), and this year, his kid brother Sam was being shipped off to some Gifted Kid Debate Camp bullshit. Everyone he knew from school seemed to be on vacation or working, but Dean was more than prepared for a quiet summer before his senior year.
kill him when he got up there.
Dean didn’t care that he lost the argument.
“These are actually nearly correct.”
“I’d prefer a bed, but what I found was an empty foreclosed house fulla angel art. Actual, genuine angel art. Both of and by, in fact.” Dean leaned back on his usual crutch of teasing jokes, ready to try any approach he could to get the angel to leave him alone until their meeting time in the morning. “No better places to paint than here? The kingdom doesn’t have an art gallery? Do you guys have a Blick up there?”
Dean relaxed against the bed as much as he could, his legs falling slightly apart. His hands wandered up to grab Castiel’s hips and hold him in place.
Dean pulled away to respond, his usual teasing glint in his eyes back. “Been thinkin’ ‘bout how you want me?”
The girl took in his contemplation and added in a bribe, "I can get you out of your last class to help set up?"
When Castiel fell, he did so with the same focused intensity he granted everything else. He plummeted, or maybe he dove, perfectly poised and prepared for impact. Castiel felt everything with his entirety. It made him vulnerable, and it could be scary, but this time, Dean had been right there alongside him. At least Castiel had thought he was.
The last few days that Dean managed to steal alone on the beach hadn't stayed desolate for long. Three days in a row now, the shoreline had been empty when he arrived. By the time 3 pm rolled around, though, a stranger had appeared. A
Who Cas is was enough for Dean to unravel, thank you very much; there was no need to fixate on what he could not fathom.
He was glad Cas didn’t laugh at his eagerness, likely so Dean couldn’t laugh at his, and within no time, they were stumbling into Cas’s bed. Castiel somehow managed to get the upper hand and he had Dean laying underneath him, straddling his thighs. Dean wanted him further up his body, craved the same friction as before, but the power that burned behind Cas’s eyes told him to stay put. Once he relaxed into their position, he truly appreciated the view of Cas hovering over him. It was an image that burned deep in most of Dean’s fantasies, but nothing in the world could compare to the real thing, to the unknown of what would happen, what Cas would do.
Funny, Castiel thought. The first time he wasn't able to leave also happened to coincide with the first time he had someone he needed to run from.
just squeezed himself between Dean’s legs. Castiel reached out, again with a carefulness that didn’t hold any hesitation, only experience. When Cas touched him, Dean’s eyes fluttered shut, and he told himself it was the pain, not the uncalloused, impossibly soft drag of Castiel’s fingers over his scarred skin. “You actually did an alright job cleaning yourself off. I’m just going to…” He tore open a little package and reached up, one hand resting on Dean’s shoulder, holding him still while Castiel set to work. “Do you have a name?”
alright y'all i have a bit more written out and i know where it's going so i do not expect long until i update!  i would also like to raise a concept: cas in the teen angel frankie avalon deep v.  there's nothing to be done with beauty school dropout within this au but i do think cas should wear the outfit.
“That is not where she got that idea from.
Dean smiled, the expression dripping with manufactured sweetness. “What’s the gun for, hm?” He flashed his eyes down to the barrel of the weapon and back up to meet those stupidly pretty blue eyes. The man broke eye contact and looked around the room for a second, surely locating the shotgun (about four feet from Dean’s left shoulder) and the knife (eight feet to the right from Dean’s feet).
and nearly whined when Castiel traced the edge of the gauze he had placed on Dean’s chest, drawing goosebumps in his wake.
Dean stood up, apparently faster than Castiel was comfortable with, as his hands both twitched, causing the shotgun barrel to slip out of his fist, sliding down a few inches before he was able to readjust his grip. Yeah, not a threat. The confused pout and his scrunched-up eyebrows he was currently directing towards Dean’s shotgun proved that. He looked like he might try to tell the shotgun off for being affected by gravity.
When Cas noticed the emotion welling up in Dean's chest, he just gave him time, sat there in silence just witnessing. The carefully constructed barriers Dean built had a strong foundation inherited from his father, and they rarely crumbled. When Dean shuffled the conversation away from himself with a half-smile and a "c'mon, tell me about you," Cas was just as willing to share.
If this were about his
“I’m not going anywhere,” Cas smiled, responding to the strength with which Dean was holding on to him. He leaned down, capturing Dean’s lips with his own and taking advantage of their positioning with an easy thrust of his hips. Dean could feel the heated drag of Castiel’s cock against his own and it pulled a broken moan from his chest.
“Ah. Right, sacred is your thing.” Dean continued. “Dumb question. Angel. Got it. But…” Dean took another slow breath, gearing up for the inevitable fallout caused by his insensitivity and the whole angelic wrath thing. “Ya don’t look like much of an angel. No offense. It’s just the…”
Dean had conjured an image of Castiel behind him, a gentle guiding hand coming to rest over his own, tracing sigils like some fucked up anti-ghost scene from Ghost.
Dean had expected to be led over to the rows of shelves where the potted plants were displayed, but instead, Cas just squeezed his arm again, only letting go once they were both facing the available seed packets.
The mundane town didn’t lend itself to a very exciting summer, or at least it hadn’t for the majority of the locals, and Castiel couldn't field off the questions for too long about what he’d been up to since he moved. It was nearly instant, the way the girls spin on him, and he was faced with the eager eyes of Meg and her friends, begging for the details.
Castiel raised an eyebrow as if chastising a child, and to the Dean’s slight embarrassment, it did quiet his protestations.
Something was stuck to Castiel’s back, a small, white circle. Dean was pretty sure he knew what he was looking at, but he needed full confirmation. “Hey, Cas, c’mere.”
Castiel leaned in until their lips were just a few inches apart, their breath meeting in a hot puff of air and Castiel’s fingers twitching behind Dean’s back. “I’ve been right so far, but I’d prefer if I had verbal permission to kiss you.”
“I’ll handle getting the details of the residents from the landlord,” Sam says, closing his laptop. “I’ll also handle lunch. You both look like you need time to recover from pretending to be a couple.”
"Thank you, Dean. I appreciate your effort," he says, now awake enough to drag himself out of bed.
“Who’d you direct it to?”
"Oh, yes. I almost forgot." Cas' face lit up. "I have some good news. Those of you who are not heads of any department can return to Chicago within a week."
"Not exactly," he says. "I suspect my grace must be close by since this is where you found me."
“Guys, come on in.”
"Must be hard fitting in," Sam says, slipping back into his soft tone because, after all, his brother has a heart to match his frame.
. "I'm guessing she took the Book of the Damned?"
Cas blinked at him, before sighing, “Goodnight, Dean,” he said, and there it was, that barely there smile anyone else would’ve missed.
Sam scoffed, "Imagine having to watch them just
“Then, fuck him,” Dean blurts out, already booking himself a ticket to hell. “No offense but anyone with a pair of eyes can see what you’re doing is right, Cas. If he wanted his own creation to go to waste, he could just snap his fingers or some shit and we all would just stop existing.”
"I could pay you in pies and burgers."
“You disobey orders and you know what comes next."
"I never doubted you...only myself," Dean choked out, all of his buried emotions threatening to overwhelm him.
"About that," Zachariah slides off his chair, "We have stopped the search. Tracking her down is serious work and if we keep doing that, the seals will keep on breaking." He waves his hand in dismissal, "That will be all."
“Don’t need to, Anna.” Bela winked at Dean.
“What the-” Dean turns to him with wide eyes, only to snap his mouth shut. “Nice try, asshole. I’m not gonna fall for the bait. No comments about your car whatsoever.”
"You don't mind, do you?" Dean asked.
Dean comes back to reality at that, "Why's that?"
“Aw, look at you two,” Claudia cooed. “You boys would be a fun addition to the neighborhood.”
“Sure, he’d love to cozy up with the guy who cost him everything good in his life. Unless, he’s got some fucked up version of Stockholm syndrome.”
"Just get down here quick." He hangs up.
Do leave kudos and comments, it's my inspiration.
"Dean, you're safe. I'm here." Cas drops the cloth, climbing into the bathtub and pulling Dean into a hug. Cas' chest is warm under the worn out Led Zeppelin shirt that used to be Dean's. He likes seeing Cas in his clothes. Maybe he should take Cas shopping, it will be nice. If only his head would stop spinning...
“She’s weird,” Dean says, as the assigned groups split away. Three angels excluding Castiel remain with them, and they head for the entrance.
"Lose the coat while you're at it," he said, and added. "And the jacket and tie. Shoes too, but that's a given."
"It's him, Sam." Bobby backs him up, leaning against the door frame. Sam stares at him in disbelief and Bobby just sighs, "I ain't dumb, boy. It's really him."
“Please, I didn’t even try,” Ivan huffs, but Cas doesn’t miss the pleased smile on his face. For a twenty one year old, Ivan is every bit of a genius, especially in research and lore, often getting a bit overly excited.
"It’s set up by the neighborhood watch to raise people's morale after the tragedies which is a load of bullshit, but it’s a lead," Nadia explained. "The community around here is tight knit so you gotta earn their trust. They all know I'm a sheriff so I won't get any straight answers."
There wasn't much time to rejoice as he saw Dean slumped against the pillar, unconscious and unmoving. He tossed his weapon aside hastily, knees hitting the stone floor with a thud.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean,” Cas’s voice felt far away, like he was speaking from underwater. Maybe Dean was under water, he wasn’t sure. Cas’s hand on his shoulder was like lightning against his skin. “Dean, I need you to breathe. In and out.”
Yeah, that’s it. That’s all of it. Show’s over, folks.
"Thank you. I will go myself and check."
“I cook almost everyday when we’re here,” Dean shot back. “Have some shame, bitch.”
"Not to me, Dean." Cas cups his cheek, again with that gentle touch that makes him wish he were dead instead. "Not when it's you."
Dean snorted, "Sure, we'll just tell you pulled me out of hell when they ask how we met.”
Dean rolls his eyes. "I'm just looking out for my buddy."
Sam bit his tongue like he did always. It was a question of survival at this point.
It wasn't that they weren't close before, but ever since Castiel chose humanity, Dean had become more relaxed and comfortable around him, affectionate even. Cas had no idea what was going through Dean's head, but he knew Dean well enough to understand there was some sort of affection Dean's nursed in his heart for him. Not that any of it mattered. Dean was stubborn when it came to letting himself have what he wanted, and Castiel wanted nothing in return. Loving Dean was good enough for him.
"Dammit, we should've grabbed some weapons while we were down there."
"Mornin' sunshine." Dean grins, eyes racking over him.
“What?” Sam’s head snaps up.
Cas has a lot on his plate, and Dean isn’t going to add to it. Maybe he’s a coward hiding behind excuses, but that’s no news.
"I called Sam. He is on his way back."
— Song of Myself  [Walt Whitman]
“It’s me who I don’t have faith in,” he chuckles mirthlessly. “Kinda hard when the guy you’re in love with is a couple billion light years out of your league.”
"You want—what?" Dean sputters, scrambling into damage control mode. "Cas, you can't even boil water!"
"It wouldn't be this bad if you would just go to the hospital," Cas suggests, already anticipating the response.
"Listen, Cas—"
Blue eyes like storms stay locked with the green of his own, the world around them fading into a muted blur in the back of his mind. The thud of Castiel's heart under his palm grows harder, matching Dean's own, like canaries trapped in a cage, wanting to be set free.
Dean's knees were shaking by the time he ended his presentation. The next few seconds were the worst thing he had ever experienced, before the crowd broke into applause, Naomi getting up from her seat to shake his hand.
"You never do anything deliberately," Cas noted, voice gentle. "Your intentions are always genuine and that makes everything you do heartfelt."
Dean wants Cas to be his home.
"Got that from a hallmark card?" Dean scoffed, ruining the moment. Sam sighed and Cas simply rolled his eyes, flopping back on the bed.
"You can stare all you want once we find my brother." Dean chuckles, only to watch Cas' expression fall.
"So you toss it in the basement and forget it ever existed." Probably not good advice, but Dean's no Dr.Phil.
Cas sighed. "I think I see your point." He threw it aside. "Do you want to take a break, Dean? We can watch a movie, perhaps."
"Why? You think I'm too weak to handle a few hours in this death box?" Dean’s tone was sharp, even when his voice shook a little.
"Now you've got the chance to learn to swim, so you'll be fine," Dean says when they pull apart.
. Every time the thought that he's in love with an angel of the Lord ㅡ or even better, Cas loves him right back ㅡ comes to his head, Dean feels hot and cold all at once. There is this giant gaping pit in his stomach that never forgets to remind him how easy it is for him to lose Cas, just as easy as it is to forget all his worries in the angel's presence. Dean's inner monologue starts to turn eerily close to some Keats poem, so he shakes himself out of his own head.
"Well, not everyone has good taste."
Dean sighs, the single word twisting into a knot in his gut.
"I'm sure you must have seen the illustrations," Cas says. "There was a time similar to that of now, when angels had never walked on earth. Humans envisioned us as cherubim figures resting in the clouds with halos and harps."
"I'm still riding the high," Sam grins, waving his hand dismissively. "Once I crash, you'll have to drag me back home."
"We had to use an angel's grace along with the blood to bring you back."
“Now that’s biphobic,” he waggles a finger at Gordon. “‘Sides, you wish you could hit this,” he gestures at himself with a grin. It’s easier to slip into the mask around the people from work.
"You are not responsible for everyone's safety, Dean," Castiel said gently, watching the telltale signs of an angry outburst blooming in Dean's features. He held up his hand, "I know my words are not going to convince you, so I will try my best to keep myself safe."
Those were the first words out of Castiel's mouth when he saw his baby, and Dean didn't even make an effort to hide the grin on his face.
"Mornin', Cas," he greeted, lifting his gaze off his book when no reply came. "Are you alright?"
“Nothing adventurous,” she shrugged. “Lost my parents in a car crash when I was six. Grew up from one foster home to the other. Loved someone, got my heart broken and now here I am.”
Castiel sighed, "Time is relative, Dean. It's late only if you decide it is."
Dean was scared, something that hasn't changed much after all these years.
He had resigned it to the separation from his grace for a while but deep down he knows it isn't that. He feels tethered to Earth the way his grace feels—
“Get a load of this guy,” Dean chuckles. “I’m really fun to be with, and I have a cool car.”
Dean woke up with a crick in his neck, having slept weird. Cas though, seemed unbothered as he shuffled closer to Dean, octopus grip around his waist. Dean chuckled, running his fingers through Cas' hair, leaning down to pepper kisses on his face.
Sam chuckled, tossing his head back, “If you come by I can show you.”
The door pushes open, and Castiel is greeted with his biggest dream and worst nightmare all at once. The second those bottle green eyes fall on him, breathing becomes a thing of the past.
Sam followed her line of vision to see Cas talking to Emily in hushed tones, holding her hand, his eyes sympathetic. Sam absently thought about how Cas would make a good teacher or a doctor, from the way everything he said and did felt like a reassurance. It wasn't a surprise Dean had it so bad, because no one needed gentle reassurance like his brother. Speaking of Dean, his brother watching Cas like he hung the moon and stars, which was nothing new, but the longing had ramped up so high, Sam could feel it thick in the room.
"Seriously, what the fuck?" Dean's voice boomed.
"My name is Castiel."
He doesn’t blame Cas, he could never. It’s not like he had a choice, the world being in danger on one hand was not important compared to just a guy like Dean. And if being pumped with the mojo again made Cas realize where he belongs, then it makes total sense.
Cas sighs, "It must have been hard to lose someone like that."
"Really?" Cas's tone dripped with newfound sarcasm. "Sometimes every conversation with you feels that way."
“I don’t know,” he shakes his head, the name spelling out pain in his chest. “I’m in a weird limbo, waiting for something that I know is not gonna happen.”
Sam snorted loudly and Dean crunched up his nose, disgust painting his features, “Don’t say...defecate.”
“Can we not do this?” Dean sighs. “I can’t get my brain to shut up and you guys walking on eggshells around me isn’t helping.”
"Fuck, Cas," Dean whispers, "Been thinking of this whole day...thinking of you."
"You gonna play?" Jaime asks, following his line of sight.
The soup is halfway done when Dean hears the sound of something—
The drive back to the cabin is accompanied with Led Zeppelin softly drifting out of the stereo, and Dean decides he's willing to take up knitting just to see the smile that stays on Castiel's lips all the way back to home.
"Bobby, don't shoot." He manages.
"Commander, Nemiah and Sariel have come back with information." Camael rushes over. "Would you like to talk to them?"
“They led Sam away from us during the battle and before we could stop them, they left with Sam.” Ambriel said. “There were no fatalities among them but Nathaniel and Lailah are heavily injured.”
"I didn't say this Tuesday." Sam hopped onto the floor. "I'm fine, Dean. You're not even that blurry."
"Your other dad is back," he tells him, chuckling at the words. He has been telling Miracle about Cas that way and his dog won't know who Cas is otherwise.
In the back of his mind Dean knew if Louisa was the one behind this, she’d have hexed him the moment her eyes fell on him. Besides, he could see it in her eyes. Call it experience, Dean could tell she wasn’t lying. He’d seen the way she and Terra looked at each other.
"You really like her, Cas?"
“Thumb. Sore thumb,” Dean corrects, smiling. “And what if you don’t fit in? I’d think it’s because you’re special,” he says, and laughs when Cas gives him an unimpressed stare. “No, hear me out. When we first met, I thought you were a dick, but not as dickish as the rest of the winged rats. You didn’t fit in with the dick squad, and that turned out to be a good thing, didn’t it?”
Dean thinks. It’s the kind of admission he can’t come back from. Dean is clutching onto the idea of Cas being by his side no matter what, and he has that now. No questions and no expectations. Wanting is one thing, but wanting more never ends well. He clears his throat, “Sorry ’bout all this. You can go if you want to.”
It’s really fucking unfair. Cas must be thinking
“I admire how you STEM majors view liberal arts.” Castiel shook his head, a small laugh spilling out of his lips. "Though, some are sure pretentious.”
Dean cleared his throat, willing his heart to stop going berserk, “How’d you even know I was hurt?”
"That I want to kiss you," Cas murmurs, not missing a beat.
Dean laughs, swatting his hand away, “You sap.” He climbs out of Castiel’s lap, trudging into the bathroom. Dean returns with a washcloth, wiping them clean gently. “We gotta get going.”
Castiel wants to touch Dean, to feel that soul against his grace. The control Dean has over him is unreal. When he looks up, Dean’s expression is nothing short of fury and desperation,
Really sorry for the messed up update schedule. I'll try to update every two days from now on. Hope you enjoy!
"Uh, yeah." Dean threw his head into his hands.
One more chapter to go! Leave a line or two in the comments about what you thought. Or, just anything. See you next week!
"I understand," Cas sighs. "If it helps, I'm sure they would have been proud of you."
“Well, we’ve got nothing so far so less thinking, more eating.”
“Everything you did, you did for the right reasons, Dean,” Castiel replied. “My point here is that no matter who or what you turned out to be, I would never be able to hurt you.”
"I know, Dean," Cas smiles, a soft and warm thing.
“Dean, look at me!”
"My grace is my life force, I should be able to recognize its presence, though I should be able to do so only while present closely to it," he explains. "I do not sense its presence anywhere nearby."
“And, what is your point?”
"He definitely has a concussion," Castiel said to Sam, hand still cupping Dean's face.
Dean grins, "You gonna stop making fun of me for calling my car 'Baby'?"
Dean couldn’t remember when they had gotten so close to each other—not when Cas’s lightning blue gaze was fixed to his, looking right through him to the back of his skull. The flicker of emotions that zoomed past those eyes were too much for Dean to grasp—too fast, too fucking heart-wrenching.
"Everything okay, Cas?"
“She’s really beautiful,” he sighs.
“Maybe.” Charlie shrugged. “He sounds like a swell fella, getting Dean Winchester to catch feelings.”
******
. He cleared his throat, plastering on a smile, "On Wednesdays we wallow in our own bullshit."
"How do you think?" Cindy glares at him through the rim of the glass.
"Not as hot as my boyfriend." Cas shrugged, adjusting his tie in the mirror. All in all, Dean was having a hard time controlling the urge to rip Cas’ clothes off and kiss him senseless.
It took him all his willpower to not crawl back into Cas' arms and stay there as long as could. Instead, he stepped out into the empty hallway, the cool morning air making him shiver. He wondered why it felt like a breakup even when they were not in a relationship. His chest felt heavy as he climbed down the stairs, drawing his jacket tighter around himself.
Dean can't help but smile, "Means a lot, sweetheart."
"Yeah, Dean thinks he's the Scheherazade of everything." Victor chided in.
Dean snorts, “People are weird, Cas. You’re gonna love the conservatives.”
"Considering I caught a ride with Meg to the party, I would love one."
“So I have heard,” Castiel nods. “Thank you.”
"I felt your distress."
"We could come with you," Jaime pipes in.
Cas tilts his head, brows knitted together and Dean can’t help but smile at the angel, feeling his heart pick up in his chest.
"I will miss you both."
“I would be lying if I say some of our interactions haven’t hurt me.” Cas confesses. “But, never once think I wouldn’t do all of it again, if it meant you would be safe.”
As soon as the couple were done, Charlie and Dorothy got up and started slow dancing, which prompted a few other couples to follow. To his surprise, Bobby and Ellen were up there too, and Jo was dancing with one of the bridesmaids.
in that moment.
"What we are meant to be...that's an interesting subject, Castiel," Michael says thoughtfully. "Nothing about anything is pre-written. The choices we make shape our outcomes, and yours have led to this. It isn't right or wrong, simply a fact."
“It’s not the first time I saw your wings,” Dean says all of a sudden. “It was back in hell when you pulled me out.”
Maybe angels don’t breathe but Cas seems to come back to reality, at least a bit. Dean stands between him and the body, cradling Cas’ face in his hands.
“I need to do something or else I might go insane!” Cas snapped, glaring at Dean.
“Here,” Dean placed a hand on Cas’s ankle, urging him to pull his feet away. Once they were free, Dean grabbed each ankle and gently placed his feet on his lap. “Don’t want you to pull any muscles.”
When he goes back to his
"I was happy to see you too."
"Off. Now." Dean growled against his lips, pressing the bottle of lube into his hands.
"Mornin' handsome," Dean grins, "sit up for me, would ya?"
"Well, that's the best we got." Dean says. "We can't keep sitting ducks."
Jess' parents were the first to arrive, followed by John, Mary, Bobby, Ellen and Jo a couple of minutes later, and Jo flung herself on him before she even found her footing.
natured
"I know, Cas," Dean tilted his head into Cas's hand. "There's truth in there, sure, but I know I can't let all that get to me. All I wanna do is move on from all that 'cause I'm done with playing hot potato with who's to blame for what."
Sam opened his mouth to ask what he meant but footsteps echoing through the hallway interrupted him.
"Okay. Cindy, I need you to listen carefully," Dean grabs his keys and sprints out of the door, Sam and Cas behind him, "grab some salt and draw a circle around yourself."
“Winchester!” A hand lands on his back and Dean turns around to see Aaron, Victor and Gordon. “Made it out of your den?”
“Should I call Sam?” Cas asks, sounding mildly panicked.
back then, a part of him too afraid of the answer that would have followed. Now, Cas had his fingers gently curled around Dean's wrist, his other hand slowly peeling away the sleeve of his jacket. Dean couldn't help but enjoy the shiver it sent down to his spine, like liquid lighting. It was pathetic, he knew, but everything good in life was unreachable for him, and even if it weren’t, Cas deserved better than whatever shattered pieces Dean had left to offer.
Humans are a strange species with their thoughts and aspirations; or so Castiel used to think. They look at this universe holding a plethora of opportunities and yet focus on the few things in their reach that give them joy. He used to wonder why humans never opted to see the big picture, but a strange decade of events later, Castiel finally knows.
"Sure thing, kid," the bartender nods, an amused smile on his face. "I'll get your drinks in a minute."
Dean ignores the pang in his chest and the sting in his eyes as he doubles his efforts, pulling all the right stops to push Cas off the edge. Barely minutes later, Cas' hips stutter as he comes down Dean's throat, hand gripping Dean's hair tight and holding him in place. The taste is bitter but not unpleasant and Dean swallows down dutifully, sucking Cas through the aftershocks. He pulls off, grin wide. He wipes his mouth on the back of his hand and helps Cas get dressed, finding new excuses to avoid meeting his gaze.
Sam snorted so hard he almost had a piece of pancake coming out of his nose. Dean looked not even a bit amused.
"Wait.” Cas glances at Dean and back at Ruby, “You lead us straight to Lilith and we give you the knife,” He says, “provided you don’t leave our side until Lilith’s vessel hits the ground.” Dean keeps his mouth shut, choosing to trust Cas.
"When are we leaving exactly?"
"Aw hell, this is going to be some show."
“Man, it’s so depressing." Dean remarks, "Trying to please God and ending up in a demon's hand."
“Of course,” Cas practically sprinted to follow Dean’s instructions and Sam finally understood. It was probably Cas’s first time seeing someone injured and having to stand there helplessly instead of healing them with a touch, and Dean wanted to give Cas the feeling that he was helping in some way. It never stopped surprising him how attuned Dean was to each flicker of emotion on Cas’s face.
Castiel gapes, "You check on him?"
“Have you talked to the witnesses?”
Huh, what a stupid question. On a scale of one to ten with ten being his Baby, it was a thirty. Dean felt almost giddy with the feeling of Cas’s hand in his; the inner middle school girl in him coming back in full force and knocking him down on his proverbial ass. But, their life wasn’t an episode of Love Island and there was a monster on the loose, so Dean simply turned to Cas to give him a reassuring nod.
Two women, somewhere in their late twenties are leaning against the back door, matching outfits, cape, the whole nine.
Cas smiled gently, eyes crinkling at the corners, “I never doubted you,” he said. “But sometimes I can’t help but feel like an outsider. I never knew what it felt like to fit in, be it in heaven or here. The closest I’ve come to feeling like I have a home is with you.”
Dean laughs mirthlessly, “You gotta be kidding me, man.” His fingernails dig into his palm, “I fucked up, royally. I don’t know what you see in me but I’m a disaster. You keep talking about how heaven has plans for me and how I’m valuable, but that doesn’t help.” His throat feels like lead but he doesn’t stop. “All that talk makes it look like I’m something, but ‘m just a giant fuck up. It’s pathetic.”
******
“Thank you.” Cas replied. “A souvenir to remember the last time I painted.”
He stuffs his hand in his pocket and starts heading up the path leading away from his cabin. A thin sheet of early winter mist layers the air, the signs of approaching frost visible in the wilting leaves of the plants growing along the sides of the clearing.
“Nothing,” Sam shook his head, smiling. “So far this
"Are you telling me you return my feelings?" Cas asks, voice calm but careful.
If anything, it shows how grace has nothing to do with what an angel feels.
"Do you know where the exit is, Sam?"
"Because we humans feel like we owe shit to the people who gave us a shelter and put food in our belly," Dean replies. "Not that John helped much in either of those but I still wanted that son of a bitch to be proud of me."
It's all the permission Cas needs to tug at his wrist, a small smile on his lips. He holds Dean's gaze, lifting his hand up to press a kiss to the tip of Dean's finger. It's quick and chaste, ending way too soon.
I'll be adding an epilogue in a day or two, just to tie everything up, so keep an eye out for that. Until then, check out my other works too.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What do you mean?" Dean asks, turning to look at Cas.
The younger Winchester stands on his feet, legs shaking as he approaches the coffin.
"Outside of the first case,
"Agent?" Cindy cries from the other end. "You told me to call if there's anything weird happening."
"I'll forgive you this time," she grinned back, "I'm sure we have enough time for all that."
“Yes, Dean is my boyfriend.” Cas nods vigorously. He’s never seen the angel look like a kid in a candy store and if he’d known, Dean would have posted flyers all across America, announcing their relationship, just to see that smile.
"Not fatally." Camael replies.
Dean hummed, "I felt the same after my dad, you know." he murmured. "I know that makes me sound like a piece of shit, but a part of me felt this weight lift off my shoulders."
"It was a mere observation," Cas scowled at him and Dean had to bite the inside of his cheeks to stop laughing.
"There will be," he chuckles. "Bacon and eggs sound good?"
“Hey, I got elbowed in the ribs for saying that,” Sam complains. “How come Dean gets away so easy?”
"I've been watching these with Sammy since we were kids. Halloween night was always me, Sam and Jo huddled up together marathoning slasher movies," Dean replies.
"Yeah, I heard about the split. Rumors spread fast." Dean said. "I meant to ask you about it but I forgot. Anyways, what does that have to do with you?"
"Cas?" Dean's voice cracks at the single syllable, and Castiel wants nothing more than to close the distance between them and hold the man in his arms.
Dean wanted to argue, wanted to say it was impossible or it wasn’t worth it, but all he could do was believe Cas, “I know,” he breathed out. “Can’t thank you enough for it.”
“You will?” Olivia asks, eyes wide and expectant.
Sam laughed. "Yeah, I'm gonna ask Jess."
"Dean," Eileen calls from somewhere near him.
"Alright, order order." Sam slaps his hand on the table, earning a few stink eyes.
Dean watches Cas. He watches the way his t-shirt shifts and stretches over his strong shoulders at every move, and the gentle curve of his back down to his waist around which his jacket is tied. He watches the stupidly drunk but very convincing grin on Cas’s face as he leans his weight over the pool table and sinks his shot without taking his eyes off his opponent. Something sour curls in Dean’s stomach, a sharp longing that yanks him towards Cas, wanting his eyes on no one but Dean.
Dean blinks and nods once, then some more, letting himself be tugged down to Cas’s lap. His head fills with nothing but static and humming and hissing and a billion other white noises for a few minutes, and then, it comes crashing down. The tidal wave of want and need and crave and
“Right, we’re trash.” Dean scoffs. “Well, you can tuck your tail between your legs and go cry at whoever’s feet you want, but you winged rats are no better than any of us humans.”
“Come on, Dean.” Alastair croaks, his voice like acid burning through Dean’s ears. “Carve her up, pretty boy.”
"I'm so close, Dean." Cas pants. "I need you…"
"I heard our resident nuisance is back!" called a voice.
"Fuck." Dean runs a hand through his hair, climbing out of his chair, every joint in his body protesting. "Nothing good."
They crawl onto bed together, Cas on the right side and Dean on the left, tugging the covers up to their chests. On a whim, he reaches under the covers to find Castiel's hand and threads their fingers together, his heart thudding in his ears as he waits for Cas to respond. Only a second later Cas squeezes his hand softly.
"That's not true, Dean. You think very greatly of them," Cas says, tone serious though etched with fondness, and turns back to the screen. "Hello, Sam and Eileen, it's good to see you."
“I can’t fucking believe this.” Dean flops onto a chair, “You could’ve said something, Cas.”
Dean shakes his head, because—no. He didn't try hard enough. He wonders what John would've said, because his dad would've saved the boy. He would've done something different. Thinking about what John would have done—it's a trap, Dean knows that by now. It's salt to the wound. And, that's fine. It'll teach Dean to be better.
“Of course,” Cas smiles softly. He walks over, handing Dean a mug seemingly out of nowhere, “Once you are done with your coffee, we can leave.”
“It’s happening, that’s all I can say. Confidentiality and all that,” Dean smiled tightly.
“I’m sure they will be fine with waiting,” Castiel says, and turns to Akobel, “Forgive me, but you must understand, I can’t leave you here-”
“Keep making those sounds and you won’t get to finish your breakfast,” he says.
“Dean?” Cas called his name, going ramrod still underneath him.
"And, Dean too." Camael pipes in.
And he goes on to explain everything from letting Gadreel—or Ezekiel as he knew the angel back then—possess Sam, and things snowballing from there onwards leading up to having to ask Cas to leave. Cas remains silent all throughout, staring at Dean with an unreadable expression on his face, and Dean’s not sure he’s worried or relieved.
Dean turns to face the angel, closing the distance between them with a kiss. He feels Cas melt into it, hands coming around to circle Dean’s waist. They stand there exploring each other’s mouths until Dean’s skin feels like it’s on fire. He pulls away, raising a hand to cup Cas’ jaw.
“How did you…”
"Shit, sorry," Dean mumbles, moving to make way for the man. His leg hits the cartwheel and he stumbles.
"Hey, hang in there Lee," Dean tries to sound reassuring but he knows at any point now Eileen will have to comfort him. "If it comes to it, I'll find his boss and get him to fire Sam. Don't worry about it."
"It said that when the rain died down, predators would emerge from their hiding places, and it was better to have
"I can't do this," Cas says in a murmur. "I'm sorry, I just—"
He watches the sun set, plunging the world into darkness, and wonders what Dean must be doing now. He simultaneously wonders how Jack is doing, with his shoulders heavy from the responsibility of running the universe. Castiel didn't want him to go through that at such a young age, and neither did he want to leave Dean. Perhaps, we always don't get what we want.
Sam walks in, only a few steps of his moose legs enough to bring him to the threshold of the demon's trap. The uncapping of a flask is followed by an unnecessary amount of holy water to his face. It doesn't hurt this time. Not on his skin at least.
“This is it,” Dean breathes out.
“Yes, thank you, Dean,” Cas reached out and squeezed his hand, and Dean had to hold on to every last nerve in his body to stop himself from chasing after the touch. He sighed, squeezing Cas’s knee one last time before swinging his legs off the side of the bed to stand up.
"Should've thought when you pushed me off the bed."
of those,” Dean snapped, but the words didn’t carry any heat. “So, did Jamie’s husband dying trigger her into waking up or something?”
"Oh, don't mention it. Are you sure won't fall if I let you go?" Luke chuckled, amusement in his tone. "I'm trying not to use the
"You don't love me, Cas." Dean swallows the lump in his throat, something in his chest snapping like a dry twig. "You deserve better than me."
“I left Akobel with Tamoah to stand guard. It should’ve been me instead.”
Dean is on his eight slice of pizza when he hears the door creak open.
"So Dean says you are an Angel?" Sam asks, and Dean internally vows to piss on everything he owns.
"It's concerning how much I say that to myself these days." Castiel laughed, wrapping his arms around Dean. "Will you stay for a while?"
"You can talk to me, Dean," he said softly. "Whatever it may be, I'm here for you. You don't have to afraid. I will be here for you as long as you want me to."
“I’m not smothering.”
"Yeah, and that was last week. Now we’re both human." Dean counters. "I'm fine, Sammy. A hunt would only do me good."
"Husbands don't call each other
Dean draws in a deep breath, “You remember the trials?” he asks, and Cas nods. “Well, after the last one, Sam was pretty banged up. More than I told you about.”
“Time has proven that it is a foolish way to deal with things,” Cas replied, his hand rubbing circles on Dean’s shoulders. “Was it something I said?”
Benny snorts, “I don’t shit where I eat.”
"It doesn't matter if you get the job or not," he tells Ivan. "I'm congratulating you for clearing your interview well."
A hand lands on his shoulder and Dean startles back into reality.
There you have it, folks, I hope you enjoyed. Big big thanks to everyone who stuck throughout the ride and left kudos and comments. I love y'all.
"True. And it does sound weird," Sam scanned through the article. "No cause of death as in absolutely nothing. They were both healthy and had no traces of drugs or poisons, and no damage to any part of the body."
Castiel stiffens, his hands reaching up to his temple. He whines softly, clutching his head and staggering on his legs. Dean doesn't hesitate this time, reaching out to study him with a hand on his shoulder.
"Nah, she can't get past the warding here," Sam waved his hand in dismissal.
“Just hear me out,” Dean pauses for a moment, “What would happen if you told heaven to fuck off and started doing things on your own accord?” Castiel feared to even think of the answer to that question. Yet, here Dean was, phrasing it like it is all so simple. “What are you so afraid of, Cas?”
Dean opened his mouth to cuss him off but Cas was quicker, "He didn't get enough sleep last night."
“No, you’re not.” Cas says, without missing a beat. “I can say that for a fact because you put your own soul ahead of your brother’s life and deemed yourself to eternal suffering. No part of that action is selfish or evil Dean.”
Ever since he lost his grace after the fall, Cas has thrown himself headfirst into the full human experience, and Dean would rather chew on his own foot than let Sam get his kale eating claws on Cas. Lucky for Dean, only he knew of Cas's little burger obsession.
It might have been minutes or hours before Cas speaks again, "I'm sorry," he says. "I had no other means to protect you."
"I mean, why did the angels bother pulling me out of hell?" Dean asks, "Me out of all people, even after everything I…" The tightness in his throat keeps him from spilling his guts out at the thought.
Dean groaned, taking Castiel's hand, "You're a dick."
“Clearly,” Dean snipped, setting his jaw. “Don’t try to tell me I don’t get a say in this. You gave up your grace for
The cabin looks much better than the last time he and Benny had come over. It took more than a month of work and a sore back, but the place turned out to be pretty gorgeous. A single story cabin made of Mahogany and Walnut, snug and pristine with an open floor plan and storage space in the attic—moreover, a huge steel—was something Dean couldn’t just let go. Sure, the chairs had wobbly legs and nearly every door creaked, but it was more than habitable. The view was something indescribable—stretch of clear blue sky roped by a never ending line of rocky mountains—and the place is relatively safe; nothing but a few rodents to worry about, and Dean's sure he could one up a Chinchilla or two.
Dean grabbed a sock and chucked it in Charlie's general direction, missing her face by an inch.
"Tell me what you need, Cas." Dean gasps against his chest, "I got you, angel." He grinds forward, rubbing his boxer clad length against Castiel's own, a harmonious groan escaping their chests. It goes as fast as it came, Dean crawling backwards, pressing kisses down his stomach and hips. Castiel lets out a sound of protest but Dean ignores him, fixated on Castiel's skin.
"I hear you." Cas said, and all hopes of him objecting dying then and there. "Also, you will be travelling to Italy in a month."
The words sounded like a promise, but Castiel wasn’t going to let himself hope.
“That’s one too many!” Dean doesn’t know how to stop yelling at this point.
Castiel closes his eyes, letting out a deep exhale, "So be it." He turns to Camael. "Brother, I need you to lead our best team to rally a raid to the remaining crypt and retrieve the weapons."
“Are you telling me Dean is back from the dead?” A female voice says from the other end.
The roads are empty and quiet, fog drifting through the early morning air like a blanket. It feels good to watch the sunrise, seeing the rays of the sun crack through the midnight blue of the sky, parting clouds and lighting up the world. For much of his assurance—even if sarcastic—Dean starts alternating between glaring at Cas and the stereo merely half a song and two minutes into the ride.
“Not who you are,” Cas cuts in. “Dean Winchester, I held your soul in my arms when I pulled you out of hell. I have seen how much you’re willing to give. I have seen how you choose to carry the hurt for everyone else.”
“It doesn’t really matter if our cover is blown now. We already got the information we needed,” Cas whispers back, slipping past a couple huddled together.
He pulled away from Cas's reach, "No, you don't understand–"
"It's the same as last time." Dean murmurs to himself.
, because he was a fool in love with the unreachable.
Nadia shook her head, "Without the body, it's still a missing person's. I'll figure something out."
"Do you think whoever is doing this will be at the event?" Cas asked, picking at the buttons on his shirt.
Dean wrapped a hand around his middle. "You don’t have to ask."
love.”
Castiel rubbed his shoulder blades soothingly, "It could be a lead, we will figure it out."
Dean’s stomach lurches—they’re in for a long night.
He pulled into Castiel’s lawn, the house standing out among the others from the lack of decorations. Cas answers the door on the first knock.
"So the orders are to let millions of people die?" Castiel spits out, "And
"You pulled me out." He's not sure if it's a question or a statement, he gives Castiel the liberty to decide that.
“Peachy,” he grunted.
“Hell yeah.”
Later, he’d watch Cas sit down next to him on the bed of a no name motel in Bumfuck, America, patching up Dean’s and his brother’s wounds while ignoring his own bleeding cuts, and Dean would think
“Oh, what would I do without you?”
"It's good to see you too, Camael." Cas smiles politely. "How are things going on here?"
"Your father forced you into the role of a soldier at an inappropriately young age, Dean. You deserve to be angry and upset about it."
Cas's cough vaguely sounded like a snort but Dean's brother was doing nothing to hide his stupid grin.
John Winchester was a lot of things, but above all, he was a damn good hunter and Dean is thankful to his dad in that moment for teaching him how to crawl his way out of a coffin. Sure, no dad wakes up on a Sunday morning and goes ‘Right son, let's bury you alive today’, then again, John was no ordinary dad and their lives were nothing close to normal. It sure as hell paid off in the end.
“That’s stupid, Cas.” Dean takes a step closer, “You don’t need to do squat if you don’t want to. What are they gonna do, kick you out of the baseball team?”
“If he stayed there any longer, he’d have been just like me.” Ruby continues, “I mean, he’s already full of misery, and has enough blood on his hands. Don’t need black eyes to be a demon.”
"Then comes the question about Jacob Bettelheim."
The ceremony was short and sweet, and Dean absolutely
seem to forget I'm also a human just like you."
"Dean, how are you feeling?" Dean notices Cas dropping the syringe on the metal rack next to him.
“There’s no
"Let me guess," Cas said abruptly, "You listen to classic rock."
Dean lets Cas wrap his arms around him and haul him to his feet, all of the day's edge draining out of him. He leans his weight back against the steady—and warm, so
"'Night Cas, you too," Dean murmurs as sleep overtakes him.
"That's not…" Sam falters, "How are you...no."
Dean simply stared back at him, eyelashes fluttering against his freckled cheeks. Castiel sighed, pressing a palm to Dean's chest as he tapped into his grace. It was the easiest thing to heal Dean, since his grace latched onto the man like fire to the freezing. Instead of twitching with discomfort, Dean let out a content sigh as the light flooded into him, relaxing further into the ground. Castiel frowned, confused by the reaction.
What is love if not sharing fries persevering?
Dean pulls away, and he'd die before he admits to be pouting. "Not even a quickie?"
“Did you say you were good?” the other guy asked, “Didn’t quite catch it.”
"Those are not the orders from father, Castiel."
“Everyone is.” Cindy sighs. “Now if you’re done, I’ll have to ask you to leave.”
“Living my normal life like a normal person. I haven’t even stalked anyone in the last two days because I thought I saw fangs,” she huffs a laugh. “What’s going on with you?”
"Dean," chuckled Dean, "It's from Shrek. There's this part where Shrek yells Fiona's name–"
Dean swallows, wrapping his hand tighter around Cas.
“What?”
—thought, something Dean is going to conveniently shove to the back of his mind and not revisit in a long long time. But, he can’t run forever, not when Cas’s lightning blue eyes are staring down at him with so much adoration, like this fuck up who drank until his blood was swimming in alcohol is deserving of the way Cas’s palms are holding his face. Dean’s too selfish to go looking the gift horse in the mouth, so he skims his shaking hands up Cas’s chest and closes his eyes and sinks down under the comforting weight of Cas’s body.
“Is that what you kids call it these days?” Dean raised a brow.
Dean snaps his mouth shut, not wanting to dig his own grave any deeper.
“Yes, Commander.”
Cas eyed him silently, resignation written all over his face, “I’m sure everyone will believe we’re a loving couple,” he deadpanned.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” She asked. “This is a big change.”
Castiel's heart ached at the tear lodged weight in Dean's voice. Charlie was his friend too but she was a sister to Dean, one of the constants in his life. With the way they cared about each other, it was unfair that Dean was not getting the time he needed to grieve, especially with the survivor's guilt he must be experiencing, having Charlie sacrifice her life to protect him.
“That’s Sally,” Nadia murmured. “Her shortest toast was forty minutes long. Brace yourself.”
“Please, sunshine,” Dean poked him on the stomach. “Off to bed.”
A faint shade of red colored Dean's cheeks, "Sappy asshole," he muttered, the words carrying no heat. "You like the beach, Cas?"
Cas rolled his eyes, crawling under the covers and trying to make up for the warmth that Dean took away with him. His eyes followed the shadows that danced in the darkness of the motel room, sweeping by the walls before he could give them a name or a shape. Unfamiliarity wasn't new to him but this time it was more intense than ever—the room was quiet save for Dean's breathing (too uneven to be from a sleeping man) and his mind a loud and swirling mess.
Cas groans and tightens his hold on Dean's hair, a soft whine escaping Dean's throat on it's own accord. He swallows Cas down again, this time hollowing his cheeks and sucking hard, seeing how far he can go before Cas loses it.
"I should just get going, Cas." Dean said, "I'll ask Sam to come and get me."
Hands I have taken, face I have kiss'd, mortal I have ever touch'd, it shall be you.
"I'm gonna help you off the ground now, 'kay?" Dean asks, and doesn't wait for a response as he hauls the man into a sitting position, tugging him up by his shoulders. The man whimpers, this time more pained.
Castiel spent the rest of his first day at work signing documents and reviewing budget reports for the newly acclaimed tender and local construction projects. It wasn’t tedious, as he grew up around all of this, hearing and learning from what his father and Michael spent their lives building. Once in a while he would catch sight of Dean, running back and forth between his desk and the printer, or getting a snack from the break room. He wished circumstances were different; an alternate scenario where they could be just more than friends or coworkers. But reality was a fickle bitch.
"It's your company, Cas. Just smile and wave, and maybe yell at a few people and you'll fit right in."
Castiel cocks his head, "You are concerned about me right now?"
“Dean, this is our only chance.” Sam says.
"What's that supposed to—"
Seconds tick by as he waits for the right opportunity, and finally, after what feels like decades, he hears the swish of a tail, or rather six. Castiel looks to his right, locking eyes with Jaime.
" Dean balks. His brain is buzzing with a million questions about anything and everything. "Wait, are aliens real?"
"Cas, hey. No," Jaime tugs at his sleeve until he looks up at her. "You tried your best, it wasn't your fault."
“Cindy.” She holds the door open, “I don’t know what else you’ve left to drill me over. I told everything I know to the cops.”
Dean snorted, “Remember that presentation I gave in Italy?”
"They just dropped dead?"
Dean recovers enough to lift his head off the bowl and glare at Cas. “This ain’t a slumber party,” he mutters. “You can get outta here. I can handle myself.”
“Bobby and I will head down to the Church and get the list.” Sam says. “You three can go talk to the vics’ families.”
Later that night as they fall into bed, bodies pressed close to each other, mouths slotted and hands dragging across skin, somewhere in the back of his mind Dean wonders his significance in this world. Dean is a lost bird and Castiel is the cosmos poured into a jar, alive and captivating under his arms, like strings of pure intangible wonder dragging him down the precipice of the unknown. When Cas murmurs his name like a prayer against his lips and follows with the most gentle kiss, Dean
Jaime scrunches her fist into the back of Cas’s jacket, “Be careful,” she murmurs.
"'Course, angel." Dean pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Now let's unpack, yeah?"
Ivan throws up his hands dramatically, turning to his room, “You’re not even our real dad.”
The waitress came up to take their order and Cas let Dean order for them both as he tried to recollect anything he could remember about the symbol. What did freedom mean? Was it death? Even if it was, how could death be any sort of freedom? Death was simply a definite conclusion to the liberty life offered. Perhaps, did it have something to do with—
Dean finds his footing on some soft grass, hearing crickets chirping before he opens his eyes. It’s cold, dark and the woods around them obstruct any moon light. Though when he looks up, the sky is painted with stars. Ahead of them, the forest ground has cleared to make something like small a crop circle, the ground underneath the surface shimmering white.
“There’s someone who came to town right after Jamie’s husband died,” Sam replied. “Irene Devereux. She seemingly sprouted out of nowhere with only a first and a last name. She had even bought a house and settled in before anyone knew her.”
"Wait, I know that look," Sam states, not pausing for a moment. "Who's the girl, or guy?"
"I'll drop by when I can." Sam said. "I'm sure Jess will help you, right baby?"
After an excruciatingly long briefing, Zachariah adjourned the meeting. When he returns back to Bobby Singer’s house, Dean does not hear him over the sound of the television.
“We’re here, in case you didn’t notice,” Sam said. “Room 103.”
His opponent roars out a laugh, and Castiel notices the younger man next to him watching him carefully as though he can see right through Castiel’s ruse. For a moment he thinks the stranger is going to rat him out, but the man simply keeps watching Castiel.
"I wouldn't mind." Sam chuckled. "Just don't wait too long."
"Dean, this is your–"
Cas hums, “Do I have to?”
"I don't know what you mean."
“Fuck off.” Sam flopped down on the bed, “Does my hair look fine?”
When Castiel took his first steps in his life with Dean, he wondered how long and how much effort it would take for Dean to be open and affectionate. It didn't matter; Castiel would have stood by his side no matter what. To his surprise, Dean was a lot like a child who had had the entire world opened to him, full of affection and wonder in his eyes, giving himself over wholly without even realizing it. That was who Dean was; he loved with all he had and felt every emotion more acutely than anyone.
"Huh?" Dean blinked at Aaron.
“Dean, I’m sure anything that goes in will come right out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We went over the whole timeline, along with Jamie’s husband’s death until yesterday evening. The coroner's report of Susan’s body came in and it’s the same as the last two,” Sam continued, ignoring Dean. “So get this. When we consider only Trenton and Bettelheim, every lead comes to an open end. But, if we take the first death into account, there’s a detail that might be important.”
Charlie rolled her eyes, “Whiny much?”
Sam was usually the patient one while dealing with interviews but even he was getting antsy after waiting for nearly an hour to talk to the sheriff. Finally after another ten minutes, the door swung open and a woman walked out. She was young for her position, but looked like she had seen her fair share of shit. Her brown eyes zeroed in on Sam straight away and he couldn’t help but squirm a little under the scrutiny. He walked over to her, thanking every God that was listening for Dean not being here.
"I'll go check on Jess if you want some alone time."
Castiel nodded in agreement. The waitress stopped at their table for a little longer, asking if they needed anything else, though her complete attention was on Dean. The hunter gave an equally charming smile back to her but collected the cheque without another word.
"Yeah, we'll find her later," Sam agreed, audibly rolling his eyes as if to say
"Is that what you've been tensed about for a couple of days?" Cas asked, his voice coming out breathy and more gravelly than usual.
"I thought I told you I don't eat." Castiel knits his brows, and Dean's heart rattles in his chest like rocks in a tin can. As infuriating as it is sometimes, Dean thanks the great football coach in the sky for making the angels so oblivious. He pulls open the rest of the buttons and soaks a few cotton balls in alcohol, dabbing it to the really deep gashes on the angel's torso. Castiel winces lightly, gritting his teeth.
Cas scoffs, rubbing a hand over his face.
Cas frowns, his confusion morphing into concern, "Are they alright, Dean?"
“Dean!” he called out, turning around only for his legs to come to a halt.
"Uh, yeah. Like some kind of light and…I don't know, dude." He leaves out the 'wings' at the expense of sounding like a nut job.
"We'll order enough to clog your arteries." Jess called from behind him.
wants?"
“I will fucking end you.” The hunter is all but fury.
"Hey buddy, this ain't a nice place to take a nap," it's a weak attempt at a joke to an unconscious man. "Come on man, wake up."
“Cas, you child,” Dean says, trying to hide the quiver in his voice, “You could’ve died, man.”
"Anyways, we sat that one out until they got bored and left."
I cannot tell how my ankles bend, nor whence the cause of my faintest wish,
Eventually, Cas found his way back to Dean, smiling softly, making Dean’s knees go weak. “I need to get going.”
Dean nods, “Someone’s gotta stay here just in case.”
“I know that.” Dean sighs, “All I’m saying is, until we get some kind of proper lead, can you just hold your horses?”
"Yes," Cas murmurs, looking down at his hands resting on his lap.
Dean rolls his eyes, "Fine, whatever.”
Castiel feigned a pout, "Is this how you treat an injured man?"
“Good, 'cause I don’t have any on me.”
“Does this look like ‘special circumstances’ to you?” Dean gestures vaguely at himself.
“Cas, please. Look at me,” Dean tugged at his wrist until Cas’s eyes met his. “I know that was shitty of me. I’ll do better next time.”
It takes Dean a couple of minutes to get used to the unfamiliar air of the cabin around him. Early morning sunlight and the sound of birds chirping pours in through the window, which is a pleasant change from the sound of car horns that wake him up back in Chicago. Dean cranes his head, soothing down the kink in his neck from sleeping on the couch.
"Jack adores you, Dean."
"Jesus, who crawled up your ass and died?" Sam asks, amusement lacing his voice.
Cas emerged from the bathroom as if on cue, dressed in a dark green button down and black jeans that stuck to thighs snugly, and Dean about invented nine new swear words. Cas’s thighs, and his entire immovable object of a body was like a holy revelation to Dean, and he never wanted to burn that damn trench coat more for hiding it all away.
Dean laughs, a bitter and mirthless thing. “Aren’t you an angel?”
Cas makes a pained noise, "Angels are generally very evasive towards bodies of water."
"Archangel, Commander of my garrison," Castiel replies, absently. "I was perplexed when he said there was a different love to be felt, unlike anything that the angel kind has ever felt before. I never thought...I never realized…"
“That is not a good reputation, Dean.”
Dean huffed a laugh, “Ever thought about being a shrink?”
"My grace," Cas answers for him. "I want you to have it, Dean."
After a stretch of silence filled with their mingling breaths and the chirping of crickets, Dean asks, "Why did you ask about feeling lost?"
After a while, Castiel’s mind was at ease and he dozed off, leaning his head on Dean's shoulder. He felt a hand wrapping around him and Castiel leaned into the touch, sighing softly. He wasn't sure if everything between them was alright, but the air around them felt a little less dense than earlier. Castiel doesn't remember how long he was asleep for when the plane shook and Dean let out a yelp.
"Yes," he replied, with as much as confidence he could muster.
for what mattered."
, except it’s stewing in a whole lot of other emotions that Dean doesn’t wanna touch within a ten foot pole.
Castiel stiffens.
to check out Cas’ boy toy for myself,”
"Hello, Michael," Castiel nods at the Archangel, trying not to display his turmoil in his features. His wings don't do him any help as the ink black feathers twitch and flutter behind him. He wasn't fond of that part of him anymore, a part that was not involved in his life with Dean.
"I feel like me," he shrugged, leaving Cas to figure out the implications behind his words ‘cause lord knows Dean himself couldn’t. "What was this spell anyway?"
"Hey, Cas," Dean shakes him gently. "Come on, talk to me."
"Cas…" Dean feels the familiar sting behind his eyelids. "My life is not worth giving up your grace for."
"I need you to do me a favor," she tucked a stray piece of hair behind her ear. "Well, not you exactly, but those two over there."
“I…” Dean swallowed, his throat rippling, and Castiel’s eyes followed the movement. "Can we talk once we’re on the ground and not floating in a death box?”
"Dean, you…"
Castiel thought about it, "I like it when you call me sunshine."
, Dean," he said with duped annoyance, hoping Dean failed to notice the way his voice quivered.
“Sam went to the morgue.” Cas answers. “Are you alright, Dean?”
"The couch will be sufficient enough—"
“It’s alright,” Cas says, and the fucker is grinning. “It’s a simple mistake.”
"Hmm, I know, Sammy," Dean dropped his head back against the headboard.
The barn is empty except for a slightly huge bonfire burning in the middle and a few sigils scribbled onto the walls. All of the signs point directly to trouble. Sam immediately gets to work, disabling the warding and Dean takes up scouring the barn. He’s barely halfway through when he gets air slammed to the wall, right on top of a warding sigil. He looks around to find Sam pinned to the opposite wall. Sam mouths ‘last one’ and gestures over his shoulder.
The whimper was louder and more painful this time. Dean reached out and gripped the handle, slowly turning it as quietly as he could. Initial sweep of his eyes around the room showed it was empty except for Cas of course, and then he looked at Cas’s face and it all fell into place. Cas’s face was twisted into a frown, his hands clutching the sheets in vice like grip, hard enough to turn his knuckles white. In an instance, Dean found himself crouched at the edge of Cas’s bed.
Dean flopped back on the insanely soft bed, throwing an arm over his eyes. He drifted off around ninety four sheeps, listening to the soft thumping of raindrops against the windowpane.
After nearly an hour of searching, all Castiel knows is that a vengeful spirit is at play here, which was substantially more information that he deserves on the first day working a case. He sighs, already penciling in a scroll through the internet for Clayton’s background. This, as dramatic as he is being, is the absolute worst part of hunting. Technology is still not his strong suit and probably will never be, and he himself doesn’t know how he came this far along. It is in these times he thinks that he took his angelic abilities for granted, but the burden of heaven and hell makes the internet feel less of a nerve wracking task.
"And secondly,” Cas continues, “If I had known that the angels were working against everything I believed was right, I would have given up on them a while ago. You don't need to take blame for my choices, Dean. I can't let you do that."
Dean grinned, tapping his fingers softly on Cas’ knee. “I’m starting to think you need me only for my cooking skills.”
On the first look, nothing seemed irregular or out of place. He lifted the mattress and checked every nook and corner for hex bags just in case. As he riffled through the closet something caught his eyes. A simple black robe hanging from one of the hooks, tucked behind all the other clothes. He followed the line of the garment down to its sleeve, and as expected, a chunk was missing from the cuff of the left sleeve.
"If there is one," she emptied her cup reluctantly. "I'll let you know if I manage to coax something out of Emily," she moved to head back to her office, only to stop midway. "I wouldn't mind some actual coffee next time."
Dean whipped his head around, catching sight of a man holding a stack of files in his hand, frowning at them over the rim of his glasses.
To humanity, happiness is love and love is happiness. When the dilemma is between the whole world and one's own little universe, the choice to be made is quite obvious. To
Castiel doesn't say anything in return, his expression far off as the wheels turn in his head.
Castiel snorted at the hypocrisy of the comment, "It runs in the family."
Dean watched as Cas walked out of the airport gate, a smile making its way to his lips. No matter how he tried to ignore it, Cas had hold of his whole entire heart. He might be wrong, but something told him Cas too wanted what Dean wanted, and it was only a matter of hoping Dean doesn’t screw up anymore.
Castiel cocked his brow, “I will try not to take offense.”
“I never thought I would live to see the day Castiel, out of all people, fall in love with a human.” She shrugs.
” Dean snaps, heart thudding hard in his chest. “You think I’m lying to you?”
Dean closes his eyes, soaking in the words, "I love you too," he sighs, the weight of the whole world lifting off his chest. "Thought I'd never get to tell you."
“That had to be a suicide,” Nadia spoke up defensively. “I read that case file. Tommy had a shit ton of sleeping pills in his system. There was no evidence for Jamie having a hand in it.”
"We have to try our best with the resources at hand," Castiel comments. "It's better if we keep the weapons hidden for now."
"No one intended to abandon him."
Cas's features morphed into amusement, "Dean, you can't possibly be judging my ability to grasp a concept."
"Hey," Dean slides his legs off Castiel's lap and drifts closer to Castiel's end of the couch. "So, help me understand. I know I've got a quarter of a brain of what's needed to get angelic discography into my head but you sound like you're having an identity crisis and I wanna help. So, talk to me."
“He was there and now he’s not,” Dean mutters, clutching the remote so hard he’s surprised it doesn’t crack.
“Heaven suspected my loyalties were wavering.” Cas chokes out, “Angels in my own garrison turned against me. They tried torturing me into submission, aspiring for the role to lead the garrison.” He coughs up a stream of blood into his fist, “Need not worry, I promise no harm will come to any of you.”
The lie feels bitter on his own tongue. Benny is his best friend and the man has seen enough to read right through Dean's bullshit. While
“Did you know the victims personally?” Cas asked before Dean could drag him along.
She's, for the lack of another term, perfect. Honey brown eyes and dark hair like Eileen's but the nose and lips are all Sam.
“It’s no trouble.” Camael ushers. “Castiel has done so much for the angel kind. It is only appropriate we give both of you the respect you deserve.”
Once Dean crosses the threshold of the house, Castiel keeps his eyes straight ahead, watching the birds picking straws and carrying it over to their nests.
"When was the last time you slept, Sammy?"
“It was a long time ago,” he sighed. “I’m glad Dean was there for me.”
"We simply encountered a few humps in the road, Dean."
Cas found them, in the first place. The guy was fighting his own battles left right and center, and Dean couldn’t help but grimace at the idea of having pulled Cas down here to patch up his sorry ass. Still, it was good to have Cas check in, to
“Dammit, Cas. Just hear me out,” Dean snaps, and regrets it immediately. He doesn’t get a chance to apologize, as the door swings open and Sam barrels in. Impeccable fucking timing. Dean sighs, “We’re not done,” he murmurs to Cas.
“They look at you like you’re the Don Juan of angels,” Dean huffs a laugh.
“Sam might be right.” Castiel takes the liberty to intervene ones more. With every passing moment, Castiel is forced to face the fact that heaven might be in the wrong here.
“Don’t make me separate the both of you,” Castiel warns. “Please be quiet and keep walking.”
They were gathered in a hall with only two exits, each on the opposite sides. It wasn’t easy to slip past the people but once someone managed to, it wouldn't be much trouble to weave through the crowd outside and escape. He spotted Dean and Cas on one end, talking to a man and a woman leaning heavily against each other, their drunken states pretty obvious from their wide smiles and hazy eyes. They talked animatedly and Dean and Cas nodded along, but their eyes were flitting around cautiously.
——————
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, it’s–” Castiel swallows, shaking his head. “I’m sorry. I have to go.”
“Go help the guy out of his chair.” Dean pushes Castiel away.
Cas freezes, his last bit of consciousness and control stopping him from dropping the heart in his hand. Though, his own heart seems to be out of his control as it drops low past his gut and down to the floor.
Dean Winchester is nothing more than witty one liners and carefully crafted bravado, but this time, nothing helps to stop the dam from breaking. When he meets Castiel's eyes, it takes him all of his strength to not blurt out the three precious words he's been nurturing in his chest for years on end.
