“They had a huge fight and now he’s taking me away from him! Sherlock!!” Rosie crying in earnest, out of fear and rage.
At the pub, they talked about Donovan, and how good she actually turned out to be. Greg was quite proud of her. He had a different impression on Harris, thinking the younger D.I. was smarter than what Sherlock gave him credit for. “I’ve had a chance to observe him, while I hung out with Donovan a while ago. Kept an eye on him, since you told me about how you two got on. I have to say he seemed like a right bloke to me. He has great instincts, and knows procedures by heart. He does have quite a crush on you, though. Donovan knows it too. That’s probably why the poor bugger can’t find his feet when you’re around.”
“We are broken up. John left. He doesn’t want the burden of being my doctor, much less the hardship of being my...whatever. When John left, he said it was because he ‘couldn’t take
“You said his name over and over. You said ‘John’. You called out for ‘John’. You do sometimes, baby. This is why we could ever only be ‘friends with benefits’. It’s been clear since the first night.”
Sherlock then slipped on him, aligning their cocks and they rubbed together until the friction was driving John crazy “you-your hand, Sherlock”
“Oh no! John, so sorry! I wanted to call but Rosie assured me you wouldn’t mind!” Meghan said, dismayed.
“They? “ John was tipsy, too. “The Holmes brothers.” said Molly. Now the venue, the quality of the food and the drink made sense.
John tasted and smelled like him. That was wonderful. He was still kissing him. He said there would be no one else. “You will move into this room, obviously. That can be your side of the bed. You may bring your things, but don’t touch…”
“No” said Sherlock, who playfully dragged him to the edge of the bed as he continued to kiss him. Apparently John’s cock had woke up before him and was saluting his consulting detective enthusiastically. “And you said you didn’t want me anymore.” Said Sherlock talking into John’s groin and kissing his cock’s head as John gasped. Sherlock did a thorough job of kissing and licking John’s body, placing some marks of his own. He rubbed his face in John’s groin kissing the shaft and taking his bullocks in his mouth, tickling them with his tongue, sucking them, leaving them wet. He pushed his fingers in John’s mouth and used them to rub at John’s perineum, in due time getting up and using lube to slick the fingers. He took the tip of John’s cock into his mouth and ran the tip of his tongue up and down the head until John thrust into his mouth.
He took them and read. “This is for real? Have you thought this through? This can’t be taken back John.” His voice was a whisper.
John heard him before he saw him. This time it was the Consulting Detective in action, genius, proud and posh.
The brownie was victorious, none of them being able to eat another bite, having to leave almost half of it on the plate. Smiling, tums full of food, they all decided to walk a bit before heading to their flats. Rosie contentedly skipped/danced in front of them, twirling along the way of the mild, lighted evening. Sherlock and John walked quietly, amicably enough. John couldn’t help stealing glances at the detective. At one point, John almost reached out for his hand, but Sherlock, with an apparent sixth sense, put his hands behind him and talked about the style of the neighborhood houses and the immigrant groups that lived in it. As they approached John’s flat, Sherlock stopped and told them he would get a cab from there. Rosie protested vehemently, but Sherlock would not be deterred and reminded her they would see each other the day after the next.
John realized he had been about to put his coat on and leave. Sherlock hadn’t really done anything wrong, had he. “Yes, go ahead.”
A couple of days later, John got the call that he actually got the job at Barts. He was nervous about leaving Sherlock alone in the flat. It had been touch and go that third day, John resorting to showing Sherlock his diary, and writing up their meeting to amuse him.
“Earth to Sherlock? What’s got into you? Have you listened to what I’ve said at all? Here I am, thinking I’m clever, trying to impress you, telling you about the shunt they demonstrated at the conference, and you are not paying attention at all! I was told you were distracted. By the way, not good the way you’ve treated Greg, he must have texted me a dozen times! Sherlock? Oh, cripes, let me put Rosie down for her nap, she’s falling asleep in her chair.” John got up and took Rosie upstairs. As he went, Sherlock guiltily checked out his arse. Not good! The checking part, the arse was very good indeed, wrapped into that tight fabric… Sherlock had to stop himself from following John. Instead, he served lunch, sat at the table, and when John came back they ate. Or John ate, as Sherlock couldn’t keep his eyes off The Beard and how it moved when John ate, when he took a sip of white wine.
“Three days, Sherlock!! You disappeared for three bloody days, without one bit of consideration for Rosie, for me! I was going crazy without knowing where the fuck you were, if you were kidnapped, hurt, dead!! Donovan didn’t even know about the case!! I know you’re a selfish, egocentric bastard, but I can’t do this anymore! I have a daughter to consider! And she comes first!!” John was standing stiff, fists clenched, face red, raving mad.
“I am not looking for any woman, Sherlock. At the moment, I’m quite content with the things we have been planning.” John had to forcefully stop himself from saying too much, from confessing he had the wildest fantasies about his flatmate, seemingly having abandoned the notion that he was supposed to not feel attracted to him, ‘like that’, because Sherlock was a man.
“At this point I have no idea who you are talking about…,” Sherlock managed to step away from the man.
John looked at him in concern, and told the paramedic, “If he’s in too much pain, or loses the ability to move his toes, I’ll take him to the A&E. I’m a doctor. His doctor. I can stitch him up and prescribe the medicine he needs. I also have a cane and crutches he can use.” Harris came around, apparently, not having seen John and Sherlock… busy. John briefed him about gaining custody of the suspect. Harris asked Sherlock some questions, but got no responses.
Sherlock had not realized how many people came with them; the Stamfords, Nyla and both her moms, Molly and Bill, Mrs. Hudson, Harry and Meghan, and Lestrade; hadn’t he seen Mycroft? The girls had their own table. People seemed content talking amongst themselves. Angelo came to whisper something to John and gave him a packet. He got up and took Sherlock by the hand and led him to a private sitting room.
“Luther as much as I enjoy your company, I’m afraid I’m going to have to pass. After our rather...intense activities of last night, I think the best place for me is home, my bathtub and my bed.”
“I know whose shoes those are. Carl Powers.The first murder I felt I had to investigate. Jim killed him. He kept those shoes, to send them to me! This is to all means, a confession.”
In a quest to annoy John, Sherlock and Watson subjected the Captain to the youngest’s entire playlist of Taylor Swift songs. Singing along loud and dramatically. John made all the appropriate protests; “Really?”, “Aw, come on, again?", “Stop it you two!” and “Sherlock, you git, stop this immediately!!” so they wouldn’t catch on to just how much he was enjoying Sherlock and Rosie screeching “So why can’t you seeee-ee-eeee,  you belong with mee-ee-eee, you belong with me.”
The detective still looked skeptical; “See, you are making it sound like I always focus on them, and it’s not true. I have a scheduled slot to think about their needs and it’s a minimal part of my time, I assure you.
When he walked into the school, he was surprised to see him, apparently fighting with Donovan on the phone.
“Not surprising, he is such an idiot! He never even noticed he was getting it off with a psycho! My poor baby is now terrified of her mother! I hope that woman stays in jail for a long time. The coach deserves to do time too! He certainly behaved like a moron to you. Serves him right!” Exclaimed John.
Sherlock put up a fuss, agitating himself to such an extent that the first responders had to let John come with, to keep him stable. John sat where he was told, reminding Sherlock to breathe, that he was there. He also told him he was calling Lestrade, which he did, and went over the basic facts of the incident with the DI. He also asked if he could have someone pick up the motorcycle, give it back to its owner.
John’s eyes were wide and moist. “ You bloody idiot.” he said. He took Sherlock’s face in both his hands, pulled it down to his and kissed him. Sherlock stiffened and moved away to look at him, but John just did it again.
He had been breathing hard, pulling on his hair, now he got up and went into the bedroom, wanting to be next to Rosie, the sight of her, in the partial darkness, the familiar smell. He went around the bed to touch her fingers, reaching out to him on the sheets in her sleep. John had said he made mistakes. Called him his partner. He didn’t feel things were over. Funny that. Sherlock had just started admitting to himself they were done for good. No. No. Just breathe. Look at Watson, focus on her.
“Of course he does! And a website, not that us mere mortals can make any sense of that. Why don’t you get your arse over here, John. I’ll pay the cab, just come.” begged Lestrade.
You never told me about the school conferences and the specials! Of course you didn’t, you were ashamed of living with me! You couldn’t even bring yourself to call me your  “partner”, I was always your bloody “best friend!” When we were out together, you wouldn’t even hold my hand! Even if we were miles away from the Yard!
Wilson looked at John, and his eyes were hard, though his expression was calm. “Good luck, doctor Watson,” he said.
“Feeling up to running some errands with me?” teased Luther. “I have some things I have to do and a couple of people to meet today about some business. Then in the evening it’s off to the family again.”
“Does she give you grief about going places? She seems to either want to stay in all day, reading, or just go to the park near Baker Street.” John had to talk around the knot in his throat. “Not the most stellar of parents, here, huh?”
John used his cane to pull his distracted assailant by his knees to the floor, where he sat on him and proceeded to punch him twice knocking him out cold. He then observed the boy, ready to spring up and help him.
“Not even when he was married to… well, when he was married. The way he looked at you, was the same way he looked at you when we met him. The same way he looked at you when you just got together, the way he looks at you now. That’s how your mother looks at me. She is the genius and lord knows we have had our differences, but I love her and she loves me. You and your Captain have come such a long way. You deserve this, this happier, softer now. With your girl, in your home. Do this my boy, it’s for you and for him. Think of what this day means. It is a reiteration of what you have. It is setting it in paper, in the archives of time. It is making your love and your family valid in the eyes of the law. More importantly, this is your husband, declaring to everyone that you two are so lucky as to love each other better than before, overcoming substantial odds. He wants everyone to know that he is marrying you, love. Get the clothes on, and come with me. Celebrate the strength of the love that has brought everyone here today, and be happy!”
Now here he was, unable to breathe, eyes filling up on the edge of a panic attack. Not good. He could see Sherlock talking to him, gloves on, concerned. He could see the blood running down his nose, the split lip the blood filled eye….
The encounter had left him a little jealous in spite of knowing Sherlock was not attracted to women. He didn’t like the idea of Sherlock going to the morgue to be ogled by Molly Hooper. He got home, hoping Sherlock was in a stay in mood, so they could be close. When he got there, Sherlock wasn’t in, nor had he left a note.
“Well, Rosie is staying. No use waking her up, when tomorrow is your day anyway. Thanks for calling me, Sherlock and having me be a part of this.”
Listening to music and singing along is one of the great joys of my life. I find that every time I think of a story, songs, or musical pieces will start to click and then those songs will immediately pull me back to the story du jour. Here are the songs that sing this version of Sherlock and John to me.
She made a face; “Good luck getting a hold of him today or tomorrow. He has made it clear here not to contact him evenings on Tuesdays or Wednesdays unless it’s a 9.”
A deathly low voice, barely above a whisper: “A form without my name on it? Why? When were you going to tell me, when I’d made a complete arse of myself at her school? Will you at least tell them now that I can take her home? If you will allow it, that is.” The absolute worst was that Rosie had been able to hear most of it, and what she didn’t hear, she filled in with her imagination. It had been a quiet ride to Bakers Street, with Rosie feverish and Sherlock agonizing.
“Your face!” Sherlock laughed; “Luther is just a friend I have sex with. He is kind and lovely and going back to the States soon…”
“I saw you, you know. That night you were dancing. You had a green shirt on. You looked gorgeous, Sherlock. I was there. You were very slim, your hair very short. You danced like a pro.”
She pushed a donut into his hand. “Who do I have to go after? Dr.Watson? Give me the word, I’ll find 15 different CBO’s to pin on his arse.” Donovan talked without changing inflection.
“It was a lifetime ago and we were different people then. I was a twenty year old junkie, sprouting out a deduction when I was sober, and thrown in jail when I wasn’t, which was often. You told me to be sober in order for you to listen to me, and then I was. Remember you used to feed me and  let me kip on your sofa?”
“It would be nicer if we could have sleepovers, Harry. I could show you my experiment book and my stories.”
They were having their drinks, when a new song came on, and they heard someone hoot. Angie smiled, looking out at the dance floor. “Well, somebody is having fun!” John half thought he may have to take Angie to the dance floor in a minute, when he turned around to look at the dancers, his heart speeding up when he spotted Sherlock, apparently alone, not just dancing, but putting on a full performance; “Now I’m out here looking like revenge, feeling like a ten…” Oh yes, he looked like a ten alright, God, he could dance. It was almost indecent  “Yeah I know how bad it must hurt to see me like this, but it gets worse....” God yes, did it hurt to see him down there and not be able to be there next to him.“...The grass is greener under me, bright as technicolor, I can tell that you can see…” John could see clearly that Sherlock was by far, the most beautiful human being in the club. His shirt was shiny, the bloody leather trousers must be painted on. Sherlock had cut his hair very short, his curls barely visible. John wanted to go down there and take him home with him, very badly. But he was on a date, and they were broken up.
Sherlock started talking: “I told you some of my life in Colombia. I was passing as an up and coming drug dealer. Adrian was the prodigal son of the state’s governor. He was a bohemian who used recreationally. He bought from me and eventually invited me to share his flat. I knew he… was attracted to me. When I made a wrong move, sold stuff I made myself to some blokes I was trying to get information from, I was captured. They thought I was a spy from their rival group. I had no information for them. Obviously, they didn’t believe me. They beat me up, waterboarded me, gave me no food for days. They drugged me. At some point, I slipped and twisted my ankle. I must have favoured it, because from then on they seemed to focus on breaking my foot and stomped on it to insure it was useless. I was so drugged I didn’t feel it. They gave up on me. Luck was on my side and they threw me in a ditch at the garbage yard, unable to move but alive. Once it started to hurt, it turned excruciating. An old man found me and took pity. He called “los gringos”, some american missionaries, who took me to hospital.
“Let this be different than that last time, please." he said in the smallest voice John had heard from him.
John ran up the stairs at Baker Street, to find a cloud of smoke in the flat. His relief at seeing Sherlock there, smoking, was such he did not even reprimand him.
“Your sister carries on about the most boring topics in the most tedious of ways. The ginger beer, however, is top quality.”
John kissed him then, his forehead first, his cheeks, his jaw, his neck, drew circles on his back with loving fingers, Sherlock responded to his kisses, but John could see he was still in a dark headspace. So he flipped them over. This had used to work when they lived together.
“That’s Detective Inspector Donovan to you, Dr Watson, and neither of you have been active MI5 in years. Furthermore, this is my division, my investigation. You can follow directions and stay, or choose not to participate. I will try to go on without you.” As she spoke, Donovan stood tall, smirk on her face.
“Yes! Very much so. As was Mrs. Hudson, and my parents. Even Mycroft and Lestrade. John waited quite a while to tell you. Even more to tell any of his friends other than Mike, and maybe that was because he is my friend as well.” Sherlock talked without meeting her eyes.
“Well, we haven’t had any time alone. I came back pretty clear that I prefer to go back home, than to stay here and be her booty call. I don’t need her games to fuzz up my head. She wants to make her family happy and call me when she misses me, and that is not happening again.”
“Do you understand the danger you are putting yourself into? I am a junkie, a psychopath and am continually being looked for by the worst of London’s elements.”
“I don’t guess, Lidia, as you well know, I deduce.” Sherlock proceeded to observe the pair attentively. “You have a tattoo parlor. Upscale. Likely close to the theaters. Well established. You have been life and business partners for 3 years or more.”
As Sherlock talked, Luther touched his arm, then his neck, then put his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and jaw. When he kissed Sherlock, Luther’s lips were warm and lush; he sucked on Sherlock’s lower lip, then, delicately licked, until Sherlock opened his mouth, surprised at how something that felt so different when he did it with another man, could still feel so good. Sherlock kissed back, amazed to feel that he wanted this, and he wanted more. Luther got closer, held Sherlock to him, did some more gentle touching. When Sherlock relaxed a bit and started touching Luther’s arms, his back and his face, Luther stood up, and held his hand out to him.
Sherlock and John proceeded to follow Farris. They had needed a couple of days, to be able to contact her. She was terrified. The situation had gotten completely out of her control. She agreed to talk, if they could assure her protection. Sherlock deduced the nature of her experiments, down to her failure to consider the gravity of the adverse effects of her attempts to regulate people’s immune systems, which could vary from fungal infections, like the intense one Bennes had contracted, to lymphomas. John conducted the interview, which they recorded, and reassured the frightened scientist that she would be protected by the authorities, in exchange for information about the foreign group sponsoring her.
“You total arse!! Don’t you dare come hunting around for cases until John is back!! He is going to hear about this you know!!”
“Listen up you idiots!! Neither of you will be the bus driver!! This is not registry and we are not playing dress up! Nelson here has experience driving buses. He will be the decoy, and if you don’t shut up, both of you, neither of you will be allowed on the bloody bus!! Either you listen to me and follow my plan, or you can go home and fight it out to your heart’s content there!"
Hearing Sherlock say that almost took John over the top. He gripped the base of his cock hard and thought of Greg actually liking Mycroft. He found the lube and slicked his fingers, reaching to play with Sherlock’s perineum and rim, not for long, neither one of them would last. John pushed a finger into Sherlock, as he kissed every part of the gorgeous, beautiful body he possibly could reach, and Sherlock did the same. John prepared Sherlock, as he kissed his legs and stroked his cock, until the man whinged and said “Enough! Get on with it already!” John giggled and said “hold on, you bossy git” He covered his cock with lube and Sherlock’s rim also. Then he held onto Sherlock’s cock and he carefully entered him. Once he was fully in, their eyes met again. Sherlock looked lost, a look John could not identify. “Hard, John, do it rough.” Sherlock said, his voice a low grumble. That was exactly what John wanted. Because this is what it was about; lust. The feelings, they were just shadows. Ashes of what had burnt up between them. Remnants. So John let the body take over, rough and desperate, pounding into him, didn’t even notice he was saying “Mine” over and over. He didn’t acknowledge his eyes spilling over with tears. Sherlock did not bother to mask his moans, alternating with John’s name. It wasn’t long until Sherlock gasped; “God!! John, I can’t… I’m so close. I don’t…” “It’s alright, it is…” He took Sherlock’s cock and stroked it hard. Four times, and Sherlock moved so deliciously, tensing up, digging his fingers into John’s arse hard, screaming out John’s name covering them both with his release, and John, lost it, pounding into him savagely, as he held Sherlock’s hips to him, screaming out when his orgasm took over. John stayed there, until his body stilled and his breath slowed down a bit, stroking Sherlock’s thighs tenderly.
Quincy’s phone rang. “Yes Dr Watson-Holmes, fine. Congratulations once more and thanks for the opportunity to witness your beautiful wedding. We’ll send him in now.” He turned and looked at Sherlock. “As much as we enjoyed your company, we overstayed our welcome at your husband’s request, so he could prepare something for you. Felicidades Sherlock and may you and your family live a long, happy life. Vamonos, Beto.”
John nodded, still upset. Sherlock and his trainer, Art, gave him a good show. John could tell Sherlock had made the best of his training, he had a powerful punch and a knack for connecting the hits effectively. He was great at defense, even applying what Art had said, illegal mixed martial art moves. Never one for following the rules, his Sherlock. After the sparring match John did feel better. He punched a full body bag, while Sherlock kicked at a banana one.
One of my favorite reunion stories, where we find out much of what Sherlock went through during his time away is the fantastic
“But we talked about it! I told him how different the two relationships were! I told Sherlock that what I had with James was nothing compared to what we have...had.” John insisted.
“Fine. Then we are going to start this for Rosie, until you get to a place where you do it for Sherlock. Mike told me this is the only alternative you find acceptable as treatment, as you will not accept inpatient intervention of any kind. What do you think about visits three times a week for three weeks, we would reassess then.”
“It wouldn’t have been fair of him to ask me to thin my caseload while he accepts a position for a program in a town three hours away.”
Harry looked at him, “ Sherlock, did you ever talk with John about Sholto? Did you confront him? Tell him your feelings? That seems like something you should have brought up!”
After the grooms signed the Marriage Certificate, Rosie and Pepsi came up with the rings. In this, Sherlock had wanted them to match, and had a 24 k gold ring made in the style of Major Watson’s ring. Instead of “In Service Of The British Army” John’s read “In Service Of England”. The back sported an engraved  magnifying glass, a deerstalker and a bee, instead of the Lion and Crossed Swords insignia, with the name Holmes where the Watson was on his ring. Sherlock had kept the words on the inside; “loyalty, duty, respect, love”.
Sherlock was panting, but whether from nerves or actual lust, he couldn’t tell. Luther kissed his lips and sucked on his tongue. Luther raised himself up to look at Sherlock as if he were a work of art.
Sherlock took his hands. “You have been writing - no, you write on your phone, why would you write with your hands, your handwriting is abysmal. You have been drawing. Interesting.” Sherlock’s intense gaze examined John’s head, his hair. "You settled back into an earlier haircut, to show off the nape of your neck when you decided you wanted me back. Your women have left you mostly unmarked, or you have been celibate long enough for the last marks to fade away. I must remind you, John, your continental wandering days are done once you come home. No more women. I do not share.”
Once dried and back in the room, Sherlock had John stand up in front of the bed. Looked at him. John found his concentrated gaze exhilarating. He could see the genius fast at work.
Mrs Hudson opened the bedroom door with her key. She found Sherlock in the loo, sitting on the floor next to the toilet. Gone. Off line. She called his name twice, he didn’t answer. It scared her badly. She grabbed his hand and pulled upwards. He sat up straight. She held him up by his waist and guided him to her sofa. He sat there for a long time. Mrs. Hudson, tea made and croissants laid out, came to sit next to him, hugged him, and whispered loving words to him, and he buried his head in her shoulder, hugged her tight, trembling like the broken creature he was.
“Oh, don’t worry, Sherlock already gave me his and your contact numbers. I actually might be coming around to visit London. Well, goodbye John. Don’t let this discourage you. Some people throw majestic sulks. You should see my husband. I love him dearly, though. It looks like Sherlock loves you too, so don’t let him get away.”
Sherlock hadn’t had a chance to look at his phone all day. Even when he felt it buzzing, even when he sat by himself, on the Castle steps, discreetly smoking, he didn’t have the strength to read John’s texts and send back cheery replies. He felt lonely and abandoned in the sudden onslaught of couples present. Was he supposed to ask John how the conference that was keeping him away was going? What about when John asked how he was feeling?
(Sorry Mr DeGraw- In my head, John sings "He Sets The City On Fire" Please excuse the wrong pronoun!)
“The posh boy, as you say, feels quite well, having enjoyed the view provided by the army doctor…,” said Sherlock grinning.
Eventually Sherlock talked in broken phrases. “Last week, we fought. I said...bad things. They’re at Harry’s. It’s my days.  We had sex that night.” Sherlock stammered.
John turned around and hugged him. “I hate all the times I told you we were broken up. I told you that the very day you started up with him, didn’t I?”
The set was proudly displayed in front of the Bingo ladies, a couple of months later, when she hosted evening tea at her flat, making sure Mrs Turner was present. She also made sure to have the recently engaged couple (John had proposed the week before)  drop in so she could show off her boys and her cute grandchild
“No, I’m not doubtful of either of our intentions. I am merely a bit disappointed. I was ready to make a rather grandiose gesture of asking John to come home after my brother’s wedding. However, due to a conference, John won’t be there. I guess I will just ask him once we are both back to London. There is no way I would want to travel in a week, if they have just moved back home.”
“Well, Sherlock, now you are responsible for modeling self worth and positive loving relationships for your daughter. Measure your actions towards one another. Is what’s happening between the two of you something you would want for Rosalie were she in your situation? Does he treat you as you will want Rosalie’s significant other to treat her? The way you are interacting and reacting will be her guide about relationships. You can again use your little girl until being treated loving and respectfully is what you expect for yourself.”
Mrs Hudson was upstairs drinking tea with John and casually bringing up all the little repairs the place needed, while Sherlock sat at his computer, phone in hand, yelling at his brother.
-If danger is what you want while camping, you may consider a trip to Alaska’s national park Denali. There are many examples of Ursus Arctos, Ursus americanus and Canis lupus, that can provide you with either fear for your life, or the thrill of observing magnificent predators. Think about it, John. I for one am tempted by the idea of studying wolves, as they are fascinating animals. SH
Sherlock worked in earnest, hands on Luther’s belly, his arse, his legs. This is Luther, his huge cock in Sherlock’s mouth. He concentrated on it, holding with one hand, paying attention to the tip, wet with precome, alternating licking the length from bottom to tip, with sucking as much as he could take in, holding the base with his hand, while wetting the other to cup his bollocks, and rub his rim. Luther started panting in earnest. Giving him a last, lingering suck, he disengaged and pulled Luther’s stuff up. He sashayed through the sliding doors and towards the room.
Sherlock thought about it before talking it over with Watson: “Some people are narrow minded, because they don’t know any better and believe families should be only what they have grown up used to. We have the privilege of knowing that you can choose the people that you love to be your family. I know I can’t be your mother, but as a parent, I strive to do everything possible to care for you, keep you safe, and content and answer your questions. I do believe your classmate was looking for information on a topic she is not knowledgeable about. You did so well talking to me about this. We must communicate to know what is on the other’s mind.”
I am a very lucky fandom mom, starting with my two magnificent Betas, who have uplifted me and supporting my writing efforts. They are such lovely and talented ladies, who are also much more generous than I deserve. You may have seen the beautiful work of art by Johix that
She tugged on John’s hand, “I see the birthday boy! You have to wish him a happy Birthday, John! And Sherlock. You promised to climb that wall with me!”
The school year began, and they both attended the parent-teacher conferences. John continued working on the Veteran’s Health Project at Barts. Bill and Molly announced they were in fact expecting twins.
They went to pick Rosie up from the art room, where Gianna had hurriedly taken her. John took Rosie back home to the flat, but only after Sherlock had promised to join them for dinner, as she needed them both with her.
"Yes. You were having a nightmare. How is your foot? Do you need some medicine?” John was holding his hand, but using a neutral, doctor like tone.
Dear Readers, beware! The New 221B requires lots of creative license! I took many liberties with space and major renovation times.
This story, this happy ending is dedicated to my own Corazon, my Vitamina A, my One, my OTP. Thank you for your listening to my morning complaints about characters not doing what I wanted them to do (you always laughed, thinking authors have control over what they write.) Thank you for giving me your impartial opinions. Thank you for always answering "Sherlock" when asked what TV show you liked, even when you never watched one episode. Thank you for your support and your love. I'm so grateful we celebrated the happy ending in this story with that surprise Champagne toast in October 2019, when the story was finished! It was an unforgettable moment love. Today, when I press the button to post the last chapter, I will raise my glass to you. Siempre.
“Oh! I see now, Coach Reids! You want me to apologize to you for the loss of your lover’s job! Are you helping her with the bills, now that she is working for less pay? Is your wife starting to notice? Do you feel like you are finally going to have to choose between them?”
“John! Get on with it!!” As a response, John curled his fingers to touch the prostate more. Sherlock made the most amazing needy sounds. Then the Captain stopped, to apply lube on Sherlock’s cock
“Of course it is! We will work on it until it is a recognizable model of 221B.” That weekend they worked, ordered in, worked, ate ice cream, worked. Saturday night, in honor of having completed the frame, they made chicken and waffles, from scratch, following an online recipe. Nyla had introduced Rosie to this treasure, while having a playdate at american mom’s, Charlie’s, flat. Rosie went back to John’s with her project completed, down to the olive sofa and tiny mock books in the library. She was enchanted by how beautiful the flat looked in dollhouse form. John was much less enchanted.
“Well, he’s Mr. The Game is On. What else can it be about? Not answering? It was unfortunate he found the texts, but we were broken up. We are. So even without the pictures, getting back together wouldn’t have been instantaneous. We still would have to talk. Him not answering made me go look for him…”
John hurriedly texted Sherlock back to reassure him he had been distracted by his email, no, he wasn’t spending the night with Harry, and yes takeaway and a movie was fine. He got back to his flat, cleaned it up and took a shower, just in time for Sherlock to come in with Chinese and a six pack of the same kind of ginger beer Harriet had taken to Baker.
John also started to go on cases with Sherlock again. Granted, there hadn’t been a surplus of risky cases. This one, though was: A disgruntled ex-employee was suspected of killing three bus drivers of the route he used to work before getting fired for mouthing off at his bosses.
“Well we may go inside and talk. I really want to know why you feel you have to stay away from me. I thought we agreed to work on this together. To talk about what we’re feeling.” John hoped his serene voice could calm Sherlock down.
“Ahg, why the stupid coppers have to come, eh?... I don’t even know if he started the damn treatment.” said the veteran, who appeared drunk.
“I was thinking of consuming bigger, better things.” Said Sherlock, with an exaggerated pant, rubbing Luther’s hardening cock with his own, the layers of fabric providing plenty of friction. Sherlock opened Luther’s buckle and the big man laughed.
Indeed, Holmes. Come here and take those pyjamas off immediately. I have the mission to explore your body, and provide it with as much pleasure as it can take. Are you up to the task?”
While Harry combed through John’s hit and misses, Meghan had taken Rosie for a day trip around Cardiff. They came back, carrying multiple bags, one of them with dinner and desert, the others apparently all gifts for Rosie. She even had a beanie with a bee on it that looked very cute on her. The child had a sparkle in her eyes and a naughty grin. Meghan looked a little sheepish.
At this Sherlock yelped, threw his hands in front of him as if trying to protect himself from a blow. John caught the word, barely, feeling like someone who had been running wild and miraculously managed to turn instead of falling off a ledge. They were left looking into each other’s eyes. Both men knew exactly what word would have come next. John’s knowledge in his shaky breath and his tearing up eyes, Sherlock’s in his face gone clammy and pale and his hands went up to cover his eyes. The room spun around him.
‘Yes!’ She thought, ‘they made up after that horrible fight!! They actually made up! Now we get to go on a trip! Where are we going? Too cold for Brighton, maybe Sussex? To see the grandparents?’ She was so happy, she wanted John to tell her all about the making up and if they were going back home when they came back. But it was supposed to be a surprise, so she kept quiet, with some difficulty.
The younger men walked away, arms around each other. Sherlock went into the cottage, that was illuminated with lanterns that mimicked candlelight. There was no sign of John.
“Well, I do too,” said John. He pushed Sherlock gently against the wall next to the door, pushed his body against his and pulled his head gently towards his face. John proceeded to purposefully kiss Sherlock, tenderly and thoroughly, while Sherlock first tensed, then relaxed into it. He responded to the kiss, his hands grabbing on to the lapels of John’s jacket. John could tell he was holding back. However, Sherlock was quite breathless when John broke gently away.
Rosie woke up then, there was dinner to be warmed for her, a walk to the playground, late tea with Mrs Hudson. She gave John a very kind report about the last three weeks. “Oh, he was a darling! He came to keep me company (twice, when she had dragged him into her flat to feed him), he did the shops when I asked him to (Online, paid for delivery), and played only the nicest tunes on the violin! (Hudders deserved the best tea set available at Harrods! He would see she got it). John positively beamed at him, his smile making Sherlock’s lips turn upwards too. Sherlock made sure to kiss Mrs Hudson goodnight and that his eyes showed her all his gratitude. Her eyes let him know he was loved regardless of his horrible behaviour of the last week.
“Alright? Of courth! Of course I’m aright…” he said, his words slurring.”... I b'lieve the pro-priate term for my current condition would be plastered, or legleth. Maybe “under the table”? Nope I remembered! “Shitfathed drunk’” He giggled again. “No worries Doctor, I’ll just kip right here.”
John didn’t understand what she meant, until Rosie gave him an evil consulting detective smirk, and took the beanie off. Her hair! Her curls! Gone. The hair that John brushed, and had lovingly learned to style and braid was now shorn off very, very short. His eyes opened wide and he gasped. Meghan paled;
Donovan insisted Sherlock come to the station to sign off the audio file and his name on the paperwork. So he took John with him, all the time with the same saucy little grin, making John just want to tear him apart. He and Donovan were arguing about the suspects mental status, so John went for a cup of coffee, and was detained for a moment by Collins, who every time he saw him, asked if he was going to put the newer cases on the blog, which John had not updated yet.
Mycroft, who had been about to leave to make the tea, saw Sherlock curl up and put his hands around his head, shivering violently. Like when he was a child. Mycroft stayed. He made a fire. He picked Sherlock’s head up, sat down on the sofa, and held him, stroked his arm, his back, rocked him softly.
They started the delicious process of undressing each other. They had it down to an art now, their relationship had passed the two month mark, though John still got the thrills when he thought about it; ‘Sherlock Holmes is
The best defense is a good offense. “Oh! Now she’s your little girl? That’s rich!  Now you two cook together and make renovations, and are oh so chummy? And what about all those times your precious work kept you so busy that you couldn’t be bothered to come home to spend time with her? What about all the school specials you missed and the conferences, and the birthday parties? All the times you were so tired from your all important cases you couldn’t be bothered to go places with us? All of the sudden she is YOUR girl, when half of your time you couldn’t  take your eyes away from your computer?”snarled John
“Yeah. Couple of years. Picked him up...uh, took him off the streets. Family issues that one. Some, uh, medical conditions; you being a doctor, I guess, is for the best.” Lestrade looked a little uncomfortable, then cleared his throat and said, “Listen, maybe we should go for a pint next week, if you’re still around.” Lestrade offered.
“I wonder, would you like to dance? Here?” Hal gave him a once over. Sherlock looked at him, then looked out at the dance floor. Lestrade was trying to catch his eye, and when he did, he sternly moved his head “No!”
He sat up, his mind suddenly clear, and hurried out of the bedroom looking for him. He found John in the living room, video chatting with Harry and turning the computer away from Sherlock’s naked body. Unfortunately, she got an eyeful and started cheering.
John’s voice broke when he kissed Sherlock’s wrist, “This is for when your were laying on the street, and I wanted desperately to bring you back to life.”
He led them to the bedroom, that was also softly lit and warm. John looked at Sherlock. “Sweetheart, there is something I have often dreamed of. I would like to attempt it.”
When the song ended, Sherlock looked up at the DJ, nodded and left. DJ found him right outside the staff entrance, smoking. They introduced themselves. “Sherlock” and “Luther”,said DJ in a voice lower and gruffier than Sherlock’s own. Sherlock took a good long look at him. This attractive man was so different from John Watson, they might as well be from different planets. Sherlock liked that a lot. Outside, towering over Sherlock, the older man was sex on legs: tall, dark skin and eyes, looking drop dead handsome in his black shirt, muscles clearly defined, commanding, and very attractive.
So John took him in his mouth again and sucked, moving his head up and down. After a couple of minutes Sherlock was saying John’s name repeatedly  and coming copiously into his mouth. John then took himself in hand, showing off now. Sherlock came down from the stratosphere he had rocketed to enough to want to help John, who let him wrap his long fingered hand around his cock, and put his hand back over him, and they worked together until John’s rhythm became erratic, his whole body trembled, he threw his head back and came all over Sherlock, who was watching open mouthed, still trying to convince himself this wasn’t a dream.
“Look at how his other wedding turned out!” Sherlock said miserably, “all my work, the locale, the clothes, the cake, the people! It didn’t make him happy. It didn’t make their relationship last! John ended up miserable and hating his wife!”
Neither man dared look at the other for a long time. Sitting with their silence between them. John noticed Sherlock’s tells, the bouncing leg, the drumming fingers, the little head tics...not good.
“Somebody who knows the community of homeless veterans, and is willing to give of their time and travel to where they are. You ask for a lot, Sherlock.” Said Mike, but he was smiling, his eyes twinkling. “...I’ll see what I can do, alright? Don’t get your hopes up.”
“I don’t ...yet. I want to. Stop me. I want to overdose. Mycroft. But she said don’t do something stupid.”
“Oh! Yeah! Let me get my computer and I’ll show you! It was so much fun!!” So she ran to get it, came back and opened the video files for John to see.
The texts were so Sherlock. Facts, not even a good night. He imagined him at home, in their bed, texting and he missed him, just a little. The tiniest bit.
John took a quick shower, but Sherlock had apparently needed more time to let go of the day, and took much longer. When he came out, in his pajamas and robe, the food they ordered was already there; Sherlock barely picking at it, preferring to go to John the moment he put down his plate, and kiss him.
Trying to keep it together, John said: “Oh, so you are the one who makes things happen, aren’t you? I wasn’t aware we had a song.”
“That he did, being that his mama is my oldest girl. You however, you can call me Daddy.” Luther winked.
Stunned at the words out of his own mouth, Sherlock gasped, started to hold his hands up in surrender, wanting to say that he had gone too far…
They (He) watched Sherlock dance a couple more songs, until Angie started getting uncomfortable with having her date’s attention, divided between her and the bloke on the dance floor, and demanded to be taken home. John almost couldn’t, lingering as she got up, turned towards the vision on the dance floor, wanting...but there couldn’t be a repeat of the last time...it would finish him. So John left. Sherlock didn’t even suspect he had been there, watching him.
“I have to dress up as a handmaid for the class play, but it’s going to be hard to handle the zippers and the headpiece. Will you help me dress at school Meghan?”
John had been attracted to a man. His Colonel. There had been laughter, and camaraderie, and being together in silence. There had been lingering looks and touches. In the end, when John felt ready to take a step towards a relationship and insinuated something, the Colonel had balked. Said he never considered John more than a friend.
“How can Lestrade ever aspire to solve a crime if your so-called team is intent on destroying the evidence? Why move the body before he, or better yet I, can get a proper look at it?” Sherlock barked.
Then Rosie came complaining of cold, and John helped Sherlock up from under the pile of dogs. He tried to wipe off the fur from his jacket to no avail, and they walked the dogs back to the kennel. As they headed towards the cafe for some of their excellent hot chocolate, he stayed back a bit, as Rosie said something about running to the loo. Sherlock turned around to see what was keeping him and John grabbed onto him and kissed him hard, startling him.
Sherlock took his hand, and pulled him out the door, John was lucky to grab his sports bag. Of course a taxi stopped in front of them immediately, and by the time they got home, Sherlock was a mess of fidgeting legs and tambourine hands.
It remained on Christmas morning, bringing delight to the Holmes parents, Mummy already planning to work with “that lovely girl, Meghan” to get the wedding together, despite Sherlock’s protests that “We will just have the ceremony at home, Mummy.” Rosie was beside herself, calling all her friends, therefore, letting Mike Stamford and the Woods know. Mrs. Hudson and the girls were invited to breakfast, and Greg and Mycroft joined them via video conference from their secret location. “Congratulations are due brother dear. Or should I say, long overdue.” “How did you...” started John. “When one has superior deductive skills, one is able to anticipate the moves of ehm, typical people.” “Oh, come off it, Myc!” laughed Greg, “The Rose called us, gave us a heads up.”
So John stayed back for a while, giving Sherlock space to pick up his things, and watching Dr. Sternbach come to take him to the tube. Then he wandered out again, and sat at the seaside, in shock, unable to put his thoughts in order. Sherlock was right, he had not deserved to be told any part of this by someone else. John had been afraid of him taking it badly and look at the results. He should have told Sherlock the whole truth when he was first offered the job. He had not intended to accept it, but to bring it to London. Now, he most probably had undone months of work.
“If you mean to play cards, I must warn you. I count them while my brain is busy gathering information.”
The one case that kept him up at night was the disappearing veterans. He knew by now that they had interactions with people or an organisation that provided them with medicine, but the veterans were very reluctant to share details. Even those in his homeless network were recalcitrant. He had disappeared into his mind palace for a couple of days, and emerged with an idea that led him to check on lists of volunteers studying in uni, especially in chemistry or medicine classes. Sherlock had hacked into the graduate student information and was comparing the photographs with the drawings found with the evidence with little luck
“Good. This is Dr. Wilson Sternbach, from Colombia. He is attending the bacterial/infectious disease conference. He needed some guidance, and well… This is Dr. John Watson, my…”
“Maybe we are just bold kind of blokes…” John said smoothly, “... as we’ll both be working cases and I’ll be writing them up.” Oh John recognised Molly was jealous. It was apparent Sherlock had not made his orientation clear to her.
John then rubbed The Beard on Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock groaned out loud “Oh God!” John changed to tiny neck kisses, a couple of licks that seemed to weaken his friend’s knees and then kissed his lips. Just a tender, almost chaste kiss. He pulled his head back. Sherlock had his eyes closed. “Hey” Said John “are you alright?”
“No, moving out present. My neighbors are moving to Canada. They’re leaving all non-essentials behind. The helmet is new.” Said John seeing some tension leave Sherlock’s expression at the news he wouldn’t have to wear a helmet that had belonged to someone else. To John’s surprise, Sherlock knew to check the gears, the breaks and the chain before he got on.
Yeah right, thought John smiling, more likely bribery of some sort, be it a show  (please not Unsolved Crimes or CSI), or maybe some kind of treat.
“If I fall asleep and have a nightmare, I may be disoriented, and throw things around. She’ll scare.”
John took a picture of the license and went into the mom and pop shop, where the owner, who knew he was a Vet, lent him his old motorcycle. John found the blue van, slowed down by the London traffic. The driver calmly smiled as he drove.
John, who had just sat down for a beer after chiding himself, sighed. Silly of him to think the posh boy could take care of Rosie by himself for the whole weekend. Now they were in his flat. But John wasn’t allowed back home, oh no! If Sherlock and Rosie thought they were subtle, they were wrong. He knew they both bent over backwards to keep him out of 221b. Not that he cared.
Sherlock’s cheeks were positively red now. “I’m sorry, Little Bee. I wanted to tell you, but it was difficult. Luther and I, we weren’t in love. It wasn’t serious dating. It’s not easy for me to explain it to you.”
There he was, looking incredibly at ease in a white guayabera and grey shorts and incredibly, loafers. He seemed to be actually eating, some kind of salad and a drink with an umbrella. He was laughing. Sherlock was laughing. The person who made Sherlock laugh was a brown haired, tanned man, a little older than John. He had the same drink and was currently talking with his partner, leaning over towards him to show him something.
“Of course we are. Dress in your darkest clothes, bring your gun. We are returning to the bowels of London.” Sherlock said with a smile.
John was reminded, not gently, just how much influence Mycroft had.  “Do you remember Charles Augustus Magnussen, Dr Watson?” The man in front of him snarled. “... I have much more intimate information pertaining you, your family and your activities and many times the influence he had. Documents that you may swear never existed might easily materialize, oath sworn and signed by impeccable witnesses. It’s in your own best interest to exercise utmost caution when considering my brother’s right to see his little girl.”
“Now, touch my chest, make circular movements around my nipples, don’t touch them yet. Three minutes.” Sherlock followed directions, the sad, lost look lifting. John gave him several more directions, which Sherlock carried out. “You are so good to me, Sherlock. Kiss me now, kiss my face, my neck, my mouth.” As he let Sherlock do that, he touched his body, his back, his arms, noticed he was soft, but participating, wholeheartedly.
“Really? I wasn’t aware this was a date. Pity that, I would have dressed up.” said Sherlock, his smile threatening to widen.
“I rather, you just say ‘wife’ as she will be so again very soon. We were talking about our honeymoon, our sex-holiday,” said Luther, handing her a drink, as she slapped his shoulder. “Hello John. Congratulations on your renewed relationship.” the woman said.
Her voice as stern as John had ever heard it, Mrs. Hudson said; “John. You took the child away without a word. His biggest fear. You have some nerve now asking after him. He is at Mycroft’s working on a case for him. I hope you will let Rosie contact him and go to him come the day.”
“Oh, so  that’s it! You are ok with me leaving, then?” John asked, smiling and huffing a little incredulous laugh.
“Captain John H Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Invalidated with honours. Originally from Westminster, graduated from Saint Bartholomew with High Honors. Mastered as a surgeon, currently working as a locum GP.”
There also was the way he looked at the art teacher. Gianna Ruiz, age 32, american, recent expat. English was her second language. She came from Puerto Rico, she loved London and aspired to travel through Europe. She was truly dedicated to her job, loved children and was knowledgeable on the subject of Fine Arts. No romantic involvement, of course. Liked older men, usually not that much older, but willing to take a chance for John. And him; standing at attention, eyes focused on her. He most likely asked her out right then, or would not far in the future. Sherlock took one look and knew John had been fantasising about her. Sherlock didn’t care. It meant nothing to him.
“Aw come on, my sweetheart, don’t be like that! Didn’t you like my little present? I kept it for you. A memento, Sherlock. For you. Because you should know when we started playing our game. Are you listening? You are eerily quiet, Sherlock, dear. Best not keep me waiting.”
Hearing this filled Dr Quentin with a sense of relief. While John, as a doctor, knew the consequences of a gunshot to the heart like Sherlock’s, the detective had been very careful hiding the full extent of his health issues. Dr.Q had helped him internalize the need to listen to his transport, and delegate the most physical, harder cases to the officers that had not had gunshot wounds, or drug "use"
Sherlock returned the smile, looking absolutely happy. John heard laughter, squeaks, Sherlock’s voice, reading or reciting something, then… nothing. He made himself some tea. Wrote an entry in his journal. Made a rough sketch of Rosie singing on the stage. He thought of a full painting of Sherlock and Rosalie looking at each other while holding hands at Angelo’s when Mycroft introduced them. He went to check on them. Sherlock had changed into John’s old sleeping clothes. They were asleep in bed, Rosie in Sherlock’s arms, holding on to his vest. Too bad the bed wasn’t big enough for him to slip in. This, however, was their night. He went back to the sofa.
“Oh love, don’t worry. I forgot to tell you, but I sent her and Mrs Turner to the Liliac Veil Spa for a week’s holiday. They were extremely happy about it, too.”
“Thank heavens, she fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow, because the whole neighborhood heard.” Said Mrs Hudson, and her eyes held an expression he didn’t recognize “John, had you said that word, I wouldn’t be able to call you a friend anymore.” Clearly struggling with her emotions even now.
They ran beyond the light filled avenue, the boy pulling him along as if he had forgotten about his existence, until they were clearly in a better area.
“She said you never asked her to keep a secret, and shut up, because you are listening to me now…,” he said in his Captain Watson voice.
John made tea, as Sherlock put a groggy Rosie to bed, then he heard him in the loo. He came back in pajamas and one of John’s jumpers, put the inflatable bed to fill and turned on the telly.  John changed into his pajamas as well and brought the bed things over. Sherlock had been very quiet after the party, overwhelmed perhaps, by the shows of affection, by Dylan and Lidia, by Molly and by Wiggins, who had later, when a little drunk, thanked him loudly, for taking him on as an apprentice, for having faith in him, for paying his way through uni, when he wouldn’t have had any chance of a higher education without it. Bill hugged him and was very emotional, to the point John had thought it best to intervene and call it a night.
John asked around until he knew where to find him. A bunch of doctors drinking mimosas and looking at the pool. John approached them. One of the Coswell doctors was standing next to the man. At one point, he might have mattered, but not now. “John!” Dr. Peters said. “Let me introduce you to Dr. Colin Fazel; one of our researchers…”
Sherlock answered first: “With me she follows directions, she takes care of her clothes and her things. Rosie will help me cook and eat with me. Sometimes she does get grumpy or sad, but she will let me know if she needs a moment of privacy or if I can help. I would say she likes to have frank discussions about how life is for both of us now.  She has asked me if I would tell her if I date someone. I said I would. She has been perhaps a bit more clingy than usual, but that’s about it. I really have not seen her anxious.”
At almost 6:00 am he felt a presence. “Are you alright, Sherlock?” Watson was rubbing her eyes and yawning.
Molly watched him and shook her head quietly. It had been so long since he last had come to work close to her. Today, inexplicably he had come in, to use her computer, as if he didn’t have a phone, or his own tablet/computer at home or at the Yard. She didn’t complain, She had missed him. Sherlock typed away, apparently corresponding with someone.
I’m sorry I have taken so long. I wanted to invite you home this weekend, but had resigned myself it wouldn’t happen due to the conference.”
“Lestrade is not embarrassed about being with Mycroft….” Sherlock suddenly looked and sounded angry. “... He took his sons out with them so Mycroft could get to know  them…” Sherlock lifted his chin defiantly, “... His ex-wife knows. Tara knew from the beginning. Of course, my parents are over the moon. He hasn’t told you, because he is well aware you and my brother are not exactly in each other’s fan club.”
Dr. Sternbach came back and walked to him again. “Thought maybe you would want to know he was calmer, going into the train. I asked him if he needed some time, or company. He had me go with him to show me how to get the oyster card and how to read the maps. When we said our goodbyes, I asked him what he planned on doing when he got to London.  He said he just wanted to get home to his friend?”
“Welcome home, John Watson. Welcome back, my dear one.” Now tears spilled down his face, and he hid it against John’s neck. John hugged him gently, and took his hand, leading him to their bedroom.
“What are you? Twelve?" asked Sherlock, but he ran behind John, though he let him win. They got to the place behind where the waves broke, and Sherlock played, splashing John, until John went to him, hugged him and kissed him there, mindless of anyone around them. Sherlock stepped back before they got too carried away.
“Thank you John. I know I really have no right to say what I did to you. But I love both of my boys, and I can’t bear to see you tear each other apart. Believe me, when you were still living here, it was Sherlock I meddled with, for all the good that did. Now go wash up, in a while you will have to pick Rosie up from school. Let’s have a bite.”
“They are making me look like a good person, John. In reality, I only used them, to gather information, to look for suspects, to keep an eye on you, find out when Molly, or Donovan, or Lestrade left their offices so I could go in. I took advantage of their situations, and they think I...”
started reading this story when it was still little more than halfway written, therefore forcing me to finish it so as to not disappoint this insanely talented video editor, author and poet. Then
Sherlock had spent the week working himself to the bone. Until he couldn’t see straight anymore, until he collapsed from exhaustion. The only way to sleep. Even so, he was plagued with nightmares, where John was replaced by Moriarty, who had hidden Watson and teased him with clues he didn’t understand. When he didn’t go to the Yard all Monday and Tuesday, Donovan herself came over to the flat. Her suspicious look was overturned with softness.
“I want to experiment with that beard. I want to find out how it feels... on me.” Sherlock gasped at the words that had just escaped. John turned around and looked at him.
“The bloke who arrested me when I was a junkie? Well, he didn’t quite arrest me, just detained me in a holding cell and provided me with a hot meal. Who’s he marrying?”
John slept in Sherlock’s room every night, until it turned into their room, and Rosie had no problem getting used to the smaller room being only hers. She was also quick to change Sher-lac for Papá. Mrs. Hudson had surprised the brand new couple the morning after, with a breakfast of all their favorites, muffins, almond croissants, a bacon fry up, hugs, congratulations, pictures, and a request for them to soundproof their room.
Sherlock and John left a little later. They shared a taxi to Baker Street, where Rosie was asleep with Mrs. Hudson by now. Instead of asking if he could go up, John said, “Can we go to the local? After all that, I fancy a pint… no not really true. I’m just not ready to say goodnight to you.”
The truth, however, was reflected in his sleepless nights, his half a stone weight loss, his constant worrying over the other. John missed Sherlock, Viscerally, deeply. Now, when the Detective wouldn’t even give him the time of day, was when John realized he may have moved out, he may have said he ended their romantic relationship, but he had never intended to terminate it, not really, because in his heart of hearts, he still loved Sherlock. Loved him and wanted him back.
“I will call Mycroft about updating security measures and moving up the operation against Moriarty,” commented Sherlock. Then he zeroed onto the box.
The Watson-Holmes Grooms and the three girls danced to the original version of 500 Miles. Then the band stopped the music. The fairy lights sparkled when a slightly emotional Mycroft went center stage to toast for the grooms:
John did the night shift in a daze. Sherlock had a bloke. His Sherlock. He went through different scenarios in his head. He imagined Sherlock with a gorgeous, dashing man, his own heart breaking, despair announcing itself already. Even so, when he made it back to his flat, he fell into an exhausted sleep. He woke up, remembering the night he and Sherlock had after Greg’s Retirement Party, how Sherlock had looked at him, how perfect it had been, and resolved to not give-up. He knew Sherlock better than anyone else. He knew how to win him back.
“Astounding. I’m truly flattered that you are so interested that you have procured such a trove of information on me. Unfortunately, I can not reciprocate. So, unless there is a follow up to this odd encounter, I have more important business to tend to."
John looked at him and made a decision. He went to Molly and asked her to drive his car home. He would put Sherlock in a cab and make sure he made it to Baker Street. She gave him a knowing look and said goodbye. John got Sherlock to his feet. He was swaying, and laughing. “The party was lovely, Captain, wathn’t it? Wasn’t the danther a smash?” Once the cab came, John knew Sherlock would fall asleep, so instead of sending him off, he got in next to him. He gave the Baker Street address, but Sherlock surfaced from his slumber to say “Nope, I’ll never make it John, I’ll just be thick all over you. Just leave me here.” so John gave the driver his address which was closer. “Don’t you dare vomit on me Holmes.” Sherlock closed his eyes, but hummed.
“She looked at Donovan in the eye and told her she did it because of postpartum depression. John the woman never even had a child and Donovan knew as much. How she controlled herself and stopped herself from punching the woman I will never know.”
“What, at Mrs. Hudson’s? Oh, that will be great! She loves Sherlock, bless her heart!” Lestrade seemed genuinely happy. Then his expression clouded again. “John, I know I shouldn’t say it, but be careful with him? I don’t know what this between the two of you is, and it’s none of my business. He’s strong, and stubborn, and a veritable genius, but he doesn’t know anything about friendships, or, ahem, affairs of the heart. Don’t hurt him, ok? Just, make sure he understands what this is.”
She burst into tears “This is so bloody stupid. I’m going to work to help save up for our house! We had a budget planned out, and because I’m an idiot, now you have to do it all by yourself!” She cried into her husband’s belly. “There, don’t fret you! It was my fault for coming in all clumsy like and scaring you! You should be angry at me! Don’t worry now, we’ll get the house. Just a little later than planned, huh? We got to get this sorted out and I’ll take a little time from work after your operation. Don’t get yourself in a state, love, I’m here for ya, I got you.”
Farris, believed the medicines ICLA were using for their target diseases, scleroderma, rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, lupus and autoimmune eye diseases, could also help with conditions such as psoriasis, pernicious anemia and celiac disease, if she adjusted the subjects’ immune systems. Lauren had continued her own personal research after being officially denied, and she had ultimately been let go of the research team and from the UCL for failure to obey authority.
Finally, Sherlock and Wiggins looked at each other. Wiggins smiled. “It’s been a long time Sherlock. Kept clean have you?”
Sherlock let himself in and was surprised. Not a stuffy desk in sight. And the window was covered in heavy drapes. There was a sofa, and two armchairs, each of different styles and materials. There were different charts, historical and modern, of the human mind on display. He had some (Insects) pinned up. Books, medical, chemistry, alchemy, many first editions, very valuable. Vintage diagrams of different flying machines and spacecrafts. The doctor, Ian Quentin, sat on the sofa, reading a manual on some kind of yoga. When he got up to shake Sherlock’s hand, Sherlock saw he was 5’10, thin, a good fifteen years older than himself and had solved the issue of hair loss by shaving it all off. The man was dressed similarly to Sherlock himself, finely tailored form fitting white shirt and dark grey trousers with real italian leather shoes. Dr. Quentin seemed very comfortable in his skin and very welcoming.
Greg now looked down at Sherlock, cheeks flushed; “What are you on about?” Lestrade asked, but his eyes said he knew it well.
“Liz dates men. Her family convinced her marrying a man of her status would be good for business or the family or some nonsense. I can’t believe she truly likes it. Have you dated?” Charlie wanted to know.
"Well I for one, think it is good you can’t leave my side. You think I’m scared of confronting Moriarty? I’m not. I would be more scared of letting him hurt people, as he would to get to you. Sherlock, I am an army Captain, I have special ops training and I’m a crack shot. You have the genius, the strategy, the connections. Together, we can pull this off. Don’t leave me to save my life, Sherlock. My life is yours. My place is at your side."
“Breathe love, big breaths. I’m going all in, it’s what worked for me. Then, I’ll wait for you to tell me when to move.” John gave a carefully calculated thrust. Sherlock yelped anyway.
It had been about six weeks, when coming back to Baker Street, daybag in hand, he found Lestrade waiting.
“Felt. Past tense. If it was, then why would he want a woman? Wouldn’t he want sex with a man, if he liked the man he was with for nearly 7 years?”
“We could give both things a go, if it's alright with your parents and you make up your mind what you want to do first.” Said Sherlock,
John walked through the park, looking for Rosie. This was good. He could at least take over the socialising part for Sherlock. Already he had greeted half a dozen parents who knew him by name. He saw Rosie, laughing, chasing bubbles. As he walked towards her, he looked around for Sherlock. He really shouldn’t be too far away. Rosie turned and yelled something to someone behind her and a multitude of bubbles surrounded her. John finally saw Sherlock and his heart jump started. He was holding a giant bubble machine, making hordes of bubbles go up and over the children. Sherlock was looking at the bubbles, and enveloped in a cloud of them, smiling faintly. John let go the breath he had been holding, the vision was all the truth he needed. He loved this beautiful, impossible, intolerable man. He would never be able to stop. They had to talk. Maybe the party could be their opportunity.
“Wait, Charlie wants to move back? I haven’t even been able to talk to her yet, and you know?” Lizbeth’s voice was raising, and her eyes seemed to flash.
“Yes, alright. It’s just; John, no one has ever offered that to me. Plenty of men have wanted to penetrate me, but never the other way around. Now you. You rescued me, and listened to me and I, I have feelings about you. Frankly, this scares me, John.”
“All yours,” John whispered “Everything I am, all yours.” He started rocking. John’s brain whited out to the pure sensation of being in Sherlock, the tightness, the slap of their bodies, the leaking of his cock. Hard, fast thrusts, the intensity of their connection burning John up.
“He extended it!” John said, pacing the floor of Molly’s  office. “Literally took over the house next door and made a new bedroom, and a new washing room! Oh, and he has a library, complete with a victorian day bed!”
Their dining table was relocated to a proper dining room, with a proper table and chairs. John remembered Sherlock annoying him to pick the fabric that he preferred “for a case”. There was a tall, wooden cabinet displaying a posh tea set and plate servings that looked like the ones the Holmes had in Sussex.
“Because I was told he came to see you every week and had lunch with you, while I wasn’t allowed to even step upstairs.”
The coach left, in a huff. Sherlock looked at John, who stopped him when he tried to talk. “Not a word. He was all kinds of disrespectful with no provocation on your part. He had no right to say any of that, and it’s not true. I’m still your best friend. Dam if I’m going to let people insult you in my presence.” Sherlock stayed behind for a minute, entering this into his mind palace, for later consideration.
“No. I already told her I would go and I will. Luther is not a concern. He has business trips abroad he needs to attend to.”
In reality, Mary summoned us both in our drugged state to a warehouse. I recorded the meeting on my phone. She confessed to us she had been Moriarty’s second hand all along, and now that Magnussen was dead, she had reconnected with Moriarty’s ‘business associates’ from around the world, she had left to claim her new territory. Later, during one of many Culverton Smith ‘confessions’ he confessed he had called Moriarty, Mary, for help covering up the true effects and uses of TD-12, so he could continue its’ production. That was how she had access to it.
Unfortunately for her, the desire to beat the UCL’s team, which she had been fired from, had led her to misrepresent the status of her experiment. In reality it was unstable, and she had decided to test it on the veterans, figuring they had good medical plans and could get help if things went wrong, but if she got it right, there would be money and the opportunity to shove her success in the UCL’s figurative face. Instead, the sponsor group took  the veterans' trial administration off her hands, then ordered the team  to make unsuccessful trial subjects disappear.
“Do you smell any alcohol, John? He sounds drunk and is swaying, but I don’t smell it.” Sherlock said, as he looked around the small alcove.
“It’s… I’m not good at knowing what John is truly feeling. I don’t know what he really wants from me. I only very recently started accepting we are truly broken up. I had my exercise, I changed my hair, I went to clubs to dance…”
“Hello there mate! I’m D.I. Greg Lestrade. I’ve just heard an earful about you!” At this Sherlock glanced up at the man and rolled his eyes. He was still dressed in John’s t-shirt and had added his washed, though sorry, blue jeans.
“Do. Not. Call. Sherlock Holmes a freak or a ‘psycho’ in my presence ever again, if you do not want me to report you and demand you go through sensitivity training.” Captain John H. Watson said in a calm, dangerous voice.
Sherlock dropped the phone as if it burned and got up fast. He quickly dressed in last night’s clothes, except for the shirt, fluids everywhere, had they used it to clean up? bit not good. He stole a vest from John’s dresser and hurried out quietly.
The EMS had to call for a backup, as they were taking Mr. Bennes, the witness, to hospital to find out what he had been injected with and to ensure he was healthy. Now they were strapping the suspect, who was drowsy and refused to talk, to another cot, but they needed another vehicle. As the first ambulance left, the EMS paramedic tried to look at Sherlock’s foot, but in his near panic, he refused to be touched. John helped him take off his shoe and a very bloody sock. “There we are, just let him check your foot, love.” Said John, holding his hand.
Sherlock tentatively pressed his lips to John’s. John took the lead and kissed Sherlock as he deserved to be kissed; at first exploratively, tenderly, licking his lips, as his hand moved up and down his back. Then gaining heat, opening his mouth and playing with his tongue as their hearts speed up and they both started to grow hard. John opened a couple of Sherlock’s buttons and kissed his chest, his scar, before rubbing the beard on it. He looked up to the disheveled younger man “Bedroom?” John asked, his own breath coming in short. “Yes, please!” Sherlock was afraid John would come to his senses and stop.
“I went through the list of our acquaintances and clients. Everyone got an email with a link connecting to the website. They felt it was a worthy cause. I did remind a couple of them that I still possess a surprising amount of information about people and cases.”
Sherlock had to admit this had been one of the better meetings he had ever had with his brother as adults. Gavin must be rubbing off on him. Then a thought. How did Mycroft know Rosie dreamed of changing her name to ‘Rosalie’? Oh, of course, they were friends.
started and Rosie got Sherlock to dance with her. His parents were staying at the hotel Harry and Meghan were, they were all apparently spending the weekend, and mummy had already secured an outing to the theater with her new granddaughter and her three friends, on Sunday. She would spend tomorrow night with Harry at the hotel, but tonight, a happy, exhausted little girl demanded both her fathers spend the night with her. John considered asking to go to Bakers Street, knowing Sherlock would probably not deny it tonight, but he offered his flat anyway and it was accepted.
John looked at her. Now her cheery compliance made sense. He took a deep breath. “Sweetheart, we are not meeting Sherlock. We are meeting Harry. She lives there, remember? We’re staying with her over the weekend.”
“Well, I hope they will be, someday. I want to be able to see you again, baby, and not just through a screen.”
Sherlock beamed at him, “It was clever of you to figure that out. Now I believe he chose something more personal to him and I, something from the time we first met. What brought us together were stories. Most of them were… the Grimm Brothers' stories.”
“Look, I’ve only been living here for the last couple of years. I’m an American, from Tennessee. It might as well be a different world. I have a bunch of family, and they’re accepting and open and they love us...but they’re back home. I have nobody here, I only had Lizbeth. I’ve seen you, both of you guys and you look so well, so put together. I’m a mess. I can’t sleep, I can’t eat, I cry all the time. I just wanted to talk, to ask you how you manage. Are you over him? Are you dating?”
“Disguise, John.” he smiled, and John wasted no time opening the skin tight jeans up and slipping his hands in to cup his arse, as he kissed that long neck. A small desk would serve them fine. John pushed Sherlock to it and pulled the jeans and pants all the way down.
He felt his phone buzzing again as he got Watson ready to leave. He ignored it. He did see Greg pick up his phone, not five minutes later, and was intrigued by the shark-like smile and the laughter that ensued. He shared whatever it was with Mycroft, who tried to look bored, and rolled his eyes, but for some reason shot him a quick look, smiled and shook his head.
He came to, dizzy, drenched in sweat and fluids, feeling quite unable to move.They had fallen back on the bed at some point. Luther was next to him, the picture of satisfaction, smoking a cigarette and smiling at him. “Hey there...welcome back, baby.”
John quietly thanked his therapists, present and past, and any guiding spirit that might have allowed him to be calm and patient at this moment. He quietly stepped in front of Sherlock, placed his hand firmly around the wrist at Sherlock’s hip and the other around Sherlock’s wrist close to his eyes, bringing them together. “Breathe with me,” he directed, and Sherlock, despite an epic eye roll, did.
Sherlock ran out of Baker Street, got to Rosie’s school and confirmed his worst fear. She hadn’t been in. She was absent. John had taken her. He entered her classroom abruptly, asked for her, then stared at the startled looking teacher, and left without explaining. He called John. No answer. He called again. No answer. Texted. Nothing. He tried to think, to deduce what happened. Crime solving skills apparently offline.
The songs in this chapter are "You'll Be In My Heart" covered by Reese Oliveira, and "I Hope You Dance" as covered by Ronan Keating. Find them at the
“Rosie, never hesitate to call me! For me any case that involves you or John...or Mrs. Hudson…” he added hurriedly, “...is an automatic ten.”
“No new cases. No leg work. He does send in computer work, sometimes returns calls. I did have him come in to sign some of the paperwork, not that it was easy, the bastard. Came in, huffing about, in a great big hurry.” Donovan said with a smirk.
They settled in the backyard, very nicely decorated, there was a little space for an outside grill, a small water decoration, a tasteful path of carved stone and fairy lights strung on the tents. It looked like a garden from a fairy tale.
“Listen. Tell that man that he better stop flirting with my boyfriend, or I will give him broken phalanges for his brazenry…”
“I know, but remember, DI Harris had a crush on you? He went and found a bloke that looks like you!” At Sherlock’s puzzled nose crinkle, John laughed. “Never mind, love. I have the original.”
Everything that is right is thanks to them. All mistakes are mine. I also want to thank the readers who follow this monster of a story, the ones who comment, those who kudoed,  those who stay for a chat, or reach out to me on Tumblr. All of you have made this experience so much better than what I expected when I started posting. You guys are fantastic! and amazing!
“Those are truly positive developments, Sherlock! I take it John has continued with his sessions with Beverly?”
“Very well then. It was 11 months after he came back to live here. After therapy, and anger management. I had been clean a year, and Watson was getting close to her third birthday.  One evening after I put her to bed, John came home from a long shift. He sat on the sofa, me in my chair. I got up and made us tea. I fought with the telly until John turned it off abruptly…
As ever and always I am grateful to my dear Betas and friends, for their support, and encouragement and attempts to correct my punctuation.
Of course John would be available for sex. There had never been problems with lack of satisfaction, or of completion. The only problem with their sexlife, had been that toward the end, it had been nonexistent. John would not let himself be approached, much less consent to cuddles, kisses or sex. That had been one of the hardest aspects of those last horrid months. John knew how much intimacy with him in all its forms, meant to Sherlock. He chose to withhold it from him, the consequence for his multiple failings.
Sherlock shifted a bit, to allow John to lean on the desk. Side by side, their arms touching,  they took a minute for their hearts to slow down. Sherlock smiled; “Probability that we were not overheard?” he asked with a sly smile on his lips.
Mike laughed and then said, “Listen, I was thinking about what you said; that you would need a flatmate, to make ends meet. I know a bloke who has his sights on a sweet place in Marylebone. He’s something of an eccentric genius, bit of a scientist, and maybe a bit anti-social, but I consider him a good lad. He also needs a flatmate. Too bad I’ve been having trouble finding him lately.”
John left them there, after calling in the podiatrist for them. He had been impressed by their interactions. Not that he doubted Sherlock and he could be just as loving and considerate, but the verbal communication was missing. The wife had expressed in a couple of minutes what the two men would have needed months to say. The husband had reassured her by verbally liberating her from guilt, letting her know he would be there for her, that he did not care about the money not made, but about her. John would feel the same about Sherlock, not caring about anything else, but saying it was a different manner. He couldn’t help himself. He took out his phone.
“Wait, what? You said you were doing your paperwork! Police records? Registrar?” Harris got up off his chair and crossed over towards them.
“Sherlock, we don’t have to do anything you aren’t ready for.” John could see Sherlock was affected, even a bit insecure. He wished he could make this easier for him.
When his suspicions are confirmed, what is he to do? How will he cope? Step back? Give up? Not Captain John Watson. Renewed energy and iron will seems what is in order to reclaim what once was his. He knows Sherlock. He can get him back. Can he?
It was a good thing Sherlock had already made his vow, given at the moment he had no capacity for words, and tears were falling copiously from his eyes, not allowing him to say even the shortest, most important word. He tried “John”, but it came out a broken whisper.
“I think it’s a beautiful idea, George. Sherlock loves bees. And now that we have a place to actually put them.” John commented.
They took in some sights and walked until the boardwalk started filling out with people and Sherlock decided to return to the resort, to wait for John. Once there they went to a restaurant close to the bar and had fizzy drinks.
“A little. It’s feeling better than it did, though…” Then, out of nowhere; “John, don’t go. There are experiments I would like to…” Sherlock stopped himself, horrified. Had he really been about to tell John he wanted to conduct experiments with his beard?
He had scoffed at that, believing every coincidence had a scientific explanation that couldn’t be seen by the common person’s eyes. This however, seemed to be either a real coincidence or a cruel trick of fate. Because the man Moran worked for, and seemed consumed by, not only had an obsession with his little brother, but was a true psychopath. Mycroft had gotten the call from Sherlock, who had discovered the man’s real name; James Moriarty, aka Jim O’Doherty, aka Richard Brooks. His brother had been a child when they first met, and was extremely discomfited by the experience. He had been tormented by nightmares he did not want to disclose to his parents or to Mycroft himself. Mycroft in an attempt to help him conquer the bad dreams, and push back the impending depression that he felt hovering over his younger brother, taught Sherlock a memory technique, guiding him to create a Mind Palace, where he could store or lock away memories. Sherlock succeeded beyond Mycroft’s expectations and successfully locked O’Doherty’s obsessions deep in the files of such Palace.
“It’s your first time. I want it to be more pleasure than pain.” John remembered Sherlock saying men had wanted to take this from him. He wanted his detective to feel cherished. His own over enthusiastic, weeping cock could wait.
“This concludes my interview with you. You will now be at the tender mercy of D.I. Donovan, who has been listening. She does not take endangering little girls lightly.” Sherlock fled the room, before he forgot the cameras, and his usual non-violence towards women policy.
who has a new, hot and funny story out, check it out! The ever patient Loveis will never say, but I have a bad habit of having wonderful ideas right before posting, so if commas are misplaced or I have forgotten a full stop (gasp!), please forgive me, and do not direct any blame at my betas!
Two weeks passed before Sherlock went back to the disco. This time he was dressed in a blue shirt and black leather pants. He looked up to find the DJ looking at him. The man grinned and nodded his head. ‘What the Boys Feel” went on as Sherlock started walking closer to the DJ stand. Again, Sherlock had to slap and push away interested parties that wouldn’t take no for an answer.  The DJ then announced he was playing the next song for “his guy” in the blue shirt, “leave him alone, people, my guy just wants to dance!” when Sherlock looked up at the DJ, he found the very tall, strong, attractive black man, winking at him. “You and Your Hand” came on for Sherlock to dance. Some people in the audience hooted. “Crazy” (Lost Frequencies), “Gone” (Kelly Clarkson)- Sherlock enjoyed that one  thoroughly. When he raised his eyes, with a smile and saw the DJ looking at him with a very sexy, interested grin, he knew he could pull him tonight, if he wanted to. A part of him wanted to, badly, the man looked so tempting. He lost his nerve, and left.
“He said you just don’t know me yet. I have been remarkably good since we met. Mycroft said, when you know the real me you will leave, like everyone else. I'm not like normal people. I’ve been... not good, John. When I traveled, I lived in the slums, on the streets, I did drugs, I did things for the drugs, stealing, cheating...You’ll be disappointed in me, of my past. You will tire of my dedication to the Work, of my experiments, my social failures. You will want… women, and move away, and I’ll be alone again.” Sherlock whispered and rocked as he did.
A week of trying to match Moran with countless established drug lords, mafia bosses and serial killers had not had any results. Neither could they find the man himself; nor the Yard, nor Sherlock’s group of associates of dubious characters, his underground network. Sherlock was angry and restless and did not settle easily. John gave up trying to feed him and turned in for the night, taking a long shower before he went up to his mostly unused bedroom, intending to conduct an experiment of sorts.
Sherlock liked the way Dr.Quentin explained things. Feelings would always be harder for him to understand than facts, but filtering them through what he would want for Rosie was doable.
The surge of...surprise? Anger? Fuck might as well call it what it was...jealousy, spiked through John. Sherlock and Charlie. She was blond, blue eyed and had a nice, well rounded body. She was a nurse, with quite an extensive knowledge of medical and anatomical conditions. Sherlock could find her interesting. They wouldn’t have...Not with the girls. No! The girls were on a whole different floor, if they had been in Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Oh, so you don’t even remember. What is it with you, you fag, that you can’t see an honest woman work without trying to ruin her.”
It was time for John to look for things that he liked doing. In his case, cycling, cross training  and drawing, Rosie was his main muse, but Sherlock was there too, of course he was. He started making little comic strips with Rosie. The first one had been Rosie running her honey experiment, standing on a kitchen step to reach the counter and the tip of her tongue out the side of her mouth, spooning honey into different bowls with water… The next one was of Rosie taking off her beanie to reveal her extra short hair… This was fun
This is the reunion Sherlock and John should have had. Very different, very emotional and beautifully written and illustrated! If you want to give the music a listen, go to
John was out, as he so often was these days. Sherlock had a lull between cases. Molly caught him at home. Sherlock made tea for her and fortunately had some almond croissants to offer her. She went right to business and she munched along. “Sherlock. I know you and John are happy now, and you are scared to do anything that could jinx it.” Sherlock had immediately stopped pretending to show Molly pictures of a recent crime scene and looked at her wide eyed, no one else had figured out the real reason for his nerves. He was ashamed of it. It could almost be deemed superstition.
Sitting at the cafe, their drinks cold in front of them, John said, his voice small, “We are different people now, Sherlock. I regret every single thing I said.”
“You may ask, but it is none of your business. Unless you can give me a good reason for wanting to know. Who are you?”
“I have always made time for Watson. She learned three  languages, how to use the scientific method, read maps, and so much more  in the time we have spent together. She knows how much she means to me. I know the name of each and every one of her best friends, and crushes...did you know, by the way that her current crush is Jackson? I know her favorite foods by heart, I know her favorite music, books, movies. I KNOW HER!! Sherlock was yelling and pacing, his arms and hands all over the place.
Then John showed Sherlock the bath that was drawn with lavender oil, and salts. The tub had been custom made for two. He showed him two thick camel color robes that waited for them on hooks. John helped Sherlock take his suit off, and hung it neatly on hangers, then Sherlock did the same for John.
You and I had been together for years, we were not new. Then, James came back, and you saw him; he looked horrible! The breakup had really messed him up. To be honest I didn’t think about us. I should have told you about what was going on. Or at least, I should have just held your hand, or asked you to join us and have you sit with me, instead of being with James in the living room while you were anywhere but.” John was leaning over the table, looking straight into Sherlock’s eyes.
“Hey Sherlock, I wanted to show you this comparative I did. See in this paper, researchers from University were conducting translational research on autoimmune diseases. They were at the clinical trial, the earliest stages. I believe someone got cocky and is trying to introduce some of their very own experiment, on live subjects, of the homeless variety. So I got to thinking, what if they were just looking for sick people, cause they wanted a cover for what they were doing?’
Rosie basked in the praise, and didn’t answer the question. She had a huge fight with John. About the stupid flat. He dared to call that dingy, ugly place home. Home was Baker Street. When he picked her up last time, she hadn’t wanted to leave and told him so. John had the nerve to tell her amicably “sorry sweetie, but it’s time to go home with Dad now.” As if Sherlock were no one. She waited til they got to the flat and then just let him have it. Nor the flat was her home nor John any more Dad to her than Sherlock. And Dad didn’t say anything back, just let her yell abuse at him as if he were...a chip and PIN machine, automatic, with no feelings about what he had done at all. That was when Dad became John. Because to her both men were equal and belonged in one home. She had almost given up hope that this would change, that they would go back. And she was mad. Oh sod…speak of the devil there came Dad...John.
Harry fidgeted and seemed to make a decision, “That sounds familiar. Actually, sounds like me when I started out with Clara. Sherlock, my father was a homophobic jackass. He made my life hell. I learned to sneak around. For ages I felt that I was less than a person for being gay. Even after he was gone. It hurts to admit, but he so influenced me that I would actually blame Clara, for loving her. I drank and we fought constantly…”
“Sherlock!!” Laughed John “Thank you, love. This is by far the most selfless, considerate gift I have ever received. I am not going to be able to compete.”
“Well, now you know why that was. And Greg actually visited much more than once a week. He was family by then, living with Mycroft. We all know it was better he came than The Queen.”
That's all she wrote! We leave our men together, happy and with the prospect of future danger, in the support and company of their family and friends! Thank you so much for sharing this happier, loving version of them with me! Kudos and comments help validate my belief that some people might share my liking for these stories of mine.
When John had taken Rosie to Mrs. Hudson to drop her off, he had given Sherlock a piece of his mind, though. Fixing the flat after he left! When John asked him why, Sherlock stared at him, mouth slightly opened, slightly shaking his head from side to side. That didn’t stop John for berating him for being a sneaky bastard. Sherlock finally stopped trying to talk, and seemingly stopped listening, too. He just rocked back and forth, sitting on the sofa, holding on to his legs, classic git position. He appeared to be gone into his Mind Palace, and wasn’t that just typical Sherlock, to escape instead of facing up to his screw ups.
“Yes. Mycroft...if I may share a personal issue that is quite confounding; In light of your recent engagement and eventual marriage, I guess your knowledge will have to suffice. John has been acting as if he wants us to be a couple again. I don’t know what is best. I confess that in this matter my mind is lacking it’s usual keenness. He left, so if he didn’t want me anymore, if he knows I’m not good enough…” Mycroft winced at that “...why would he want to have me back?”
“Pleased to meet you Iyanna. Hi Luther. Congratulations to both of you as well! Will you be coming to London for a visit?”
Sherlock caught up with Luther. “Would you care to give me a ride home after the party, Luther?” Luther looked at him with a small, knowing smile.
Half a decade later, the man known until then as Jim O'Doherty, found his biological father and changed his name to James Moriarty. He would later file an “artistic name”, Richard Brooks. It was under this name that a decade after meeting Sherlock, Moriarty had filled his flat with pictures and news articles about him.
“So this is it, dad? Are we packing our things and moving back home for real?” Rosie was trying hard to contain her excitement.
“Wow. I knew you dated, but somehow I never thought he would. You said he’s black, and from the States, then…”
Sherlock followed suit soon after. John heard him on the stairs, his feet quiet. “May I come in, or does choosing this room mean I’ve done something not good and you want to be alone?”
The fact that Charlie was going through many of the same things Sherlock had made talking easy. They stayed up quite late. They also managed to finish the rum.
Sherlock could feel  Luther’s warm breath on his chest, his neck and then his mouth was on Sherlock’s nipples, making Sherlock gasp and moan loudly. His cock, steadily hardening under Luther’s body and his touch, started leaking. Luther looked into his eyes, his fingers on Sherlock’s trousers. He motioned taking them off. “Is this ok, baby?”
Mel Stamford came in and yelled, “Oi! the banana boat is back, let’s go!!”  Pepsi waved goodbye and Watson said, “Love you Dad, Love you Papá!!”
Instead of an answer, Sherlock said goodbye, took his hand and yanked him with him. Down the corridor and up a flight of stairs they went, behind the busy cubicles and offices. They entered a little file room, and Sherlock took out a key and closed the door. There was that little smile again. “Well?”
With that, Sherlock opened the door and flew up the stairs, leaving John chuckling and shaking his head. He closed up, checked Mrs Hudson’s flat for lights and appliances, and made his way upstairs, to find his man filling up two whiskey tumblers. He looked gorgeous in the soft light of the flat; his hair growing out a bit, curls starting to rebel, some brazen silver strands appearing amongst the still supple darker ones. He had filled out nicely since the time he first saw him after the trip to Cardiff, put on at least a stone, of muscle. His face had definite lines now, made his nose crinkle defined, the ones around his eyes announced he smiled and laughed more than he would ever admit to. He had never been so beautiful to John’s eyes. He raised his glass and said, “To coming back home.” but his voice broke and his eyes flooded. John lowered his head and wiped his eyes with his hand.
John stepped closer to him, held his hands, “Those River Boys did really know their songs. You really do look perfect, love. God you are so beautiful. Sherlock, we did it. We made it. This whole day seems like a dream. I can barely believe it.” He could barely get that last sentence out.
He took Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed his lips lightly. “Good, because we are all going to Angelo’s to celebrate this.”
Rosie had gotten a couple more of those notes. They now totaled five. All of them found at school. Some of them were in paper, some on her school computer account. They had something to do about her- about Mary. At first she had thought some kid was doing it, she was well aware some of her peers thought she was the teacher’s pet, and queer for having two dads. But the notes “sounded" too much for just one of the idiot kids. There had been one with “What job did your good ole mum have before she married your Da? Do you know?” The latest one read “What kind of mother leaves her newborn with an alcoholic and a junkie?”
See, I used again after we brought Mary back. I told him that it was to lure Culverton to me, but there was really no excuse for using heroin. That was more about the fact that Mary was back in the house, living with John and the baby, after all I did to try to make him happy, to learn how to properly care for Watson. I couldn’t deal with that. Mrs. Hudson brought him to see me. John was livid. He was so mad he didn’t stay with me himself. He got some of his ex military friends to rotate guarding me as I cleaned up. Unknown to us, Mycroft was out of the country, gathering evidence against Mary. When she gave me the TD-12, I was in coke and heroin withdrawal.
Sherlock went back to therapy, again and again. His difficulties getting out the right words to describe his feelings manifested themselves for Dr. Quentin to see. Sherlock had difficulties sleeping, his ability to eat was greatly reduced. Throughout it all, Dr.Quentin was a steadfast presence, and helped him remain as objective as possible. They started out with the drug use, the feelings of being unworthy and the suicide ideation. The doctor talked about temporarily using Rosie as a guide of what he should want for himself also.
by the fantastic Lorelei_Lee. To say it is a story about Mafia Boss John and Virgen Sex Worker Sherlock is to sell the story so short. The Author includes tons of information, visuals, even recipes. There is so much to learn from this story, if you just open your mind!
“I admit your behavior did confuse me, especially since I saw the amount of emails from “Hearts for Africa” and believed they were all personal messages from him to you. I didn’t know about the breakup, or the depression. When we were alone and he asked me why I hadn’t made a move on you, I thought you had enough time to have informed him about our relationship, but hadn’t thought it important enough. That, added to the fact you were never particularly inclined to acknowledge our partnership outside the walls of our home, gave me the impression that you were not comfortable with me as your partner.” Sherlock didn’t look John in the eyes.
John knew instinctively Sherlock was not alright. The need to help him, to take care of him, was strong, but he was not called, not allowed. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t want him.
“Sherlock. I want you to make at least one new friend you can do things with. New, not a mutual friend of John’s. Oh, and this time, preferably one you do not engage in intimate relations with.” Sherlock smiled at that. “I would like you to consider asking Dr. Watson if he would agree to meet with me.” Sherlock made a curious face. “...I want to be able to give you some kind of informed advice, Sherlock. If Dr. Watson is willing to come in and fill a couple of forms for me, I might better know where we stand in terms of a working parenting relationship with him.”
Molly laughed, turned around and gave him a little kiss. “None of that sir, until you have had a proper breakfast.”
“Thanks! Do you think you could teach me how to solve crimes? Or if not how to run experiments?” Jackson asked.
“A little not good. And what John did, not telling you about the offer, was a little not good also, but he wasn’t responsible for the actions of that horrible doctor, love. You weren’t either. Don’t throw away your chance with John, now that you are both actually working for it so well.”
Luther caught his choice of words. He smiled and took Sherlock’s hand in his huge one. They walked to his car, and went to Luther’s nice flat. Luther talked a bit about the club owner friend who asked him to DJ and how they knew each other since they had a rock band in highschool. He asked Sherlock about his hobbies, then about being a Consulting Detective a bit. He made some drinks for them.
The men fell asleep as soon as they got under the covers. John woke up before Sherlock did. He thought he could look at him sleeping all day long. Then he remembered how apprehensive the younger man had been about Lestrade congratulating them. Had he thought John didn’t want people to know about them? He thought about how sure Sherlock had been that John would go out with Sarah, and how Mycroft had used John’s past with women to make Sherlock believe he would trade him for an attractive girl..
“Talk to him, be very specific about what a relationship means for you. See what you are both willing to do for it to work. If this is the person you want to be with, that you can’t stop thinking about, then take that step. Better that you know you gave it your all, than to think ‘I should have’ further on.” Sherlock said, surprising himself.
Sherlock was even more put off by not being the one to help Watson. The evening did not get much better, as the ladies were tired from their trip and decided to retire to bed.
“Hey,” said John, hugging him, getting the curls out of his eyes. “I’m here. I got you. You are not alone.” He was happy to have thought of bringing wipes, he took them from the nightstand, and cleaned Sherlock up, as best he could, him being in a ball. He cleaned himself up and hugged his detective, covering them both with a blanket. Eventually, the trembling stopped.
“Brother rest assured he will not hear a word about you from me. Believe me, I have no desire to actually see the man.” Mycroft’s face was set in stone.
“If this is a trick to try to get me to approve your efforts at wooing my brother, you honestly don’t need to. You...are like a ...brother to me already...Gabe? I hope you know that.”
“You got the clocks, you got your killer, I explained his motives to you, I even talked to the families. I’m sure you can manage to remember how I solved it, you were in fact Right.There! Now I have things to do, so off you GO!!” Sherlock hissed.
Rosie soothed Pepsi, “Besides, Pepsi, you and I are a great team. You read the clues out loud and help me think, we will find things faster like that. Once we’re done, we’ll find Allison and go help her out.” Allison frowned.
John was horrified because Harry was right. And it was a bit of a revelation, wasn’t it. Made him think over the fight they just had. Sherlock had always had difficulty with irony and sarcasm. He could have difficulty finding words when put on the spot. He took things at face value, and in the end, John had been just flat out mean.  Sherlock had said John couldn’t tolerate him. If he wasn’t saying it as a tool for manipulating him, it had to mean that was how Sherlock had felt, and that had been the reason why he had thrown himself into cases. He had also said that John had withheld the physical part of their intimacy he had gotten so used to. It was true, John had been one of Sherlock’s few experiences with massages, cuddles, sleeping with a partner. John had cut everything off when he felt wronged. Sherlock had tried time and time again to reach out physically. God, what an idiot he had been!
“Molly, this is so new. We worked so hard to get here. What’s wrong about keeping it as it is? We are happy now, and as you well said, I am reluctant to upset the status quo.”
“Oh thank goodness. That woman better outlive me.” Sherlock said. John smiled. “Last time I was at hers, she shared she was upset with her doctor, because he didn’t want to send her any pain medication for her hip. I’ve seen her latest tests. She is a healthy old girl, love.”
“So, how are you feeling about that now? Has it been a week already?” asked Dr.Quentin. What have you taken from the experience?
“He infuriated me by pretending nothing was wrong, and trying to be physically affectionate. But then, when I was ready to cave in, he would go back to working all hours and being less than civil, and what we had completely froze out.”
-I didn’t think anything of the sort. Merely that you said you thought it unfair that it was your sole responsibility to take Rosamund to social gatherings. I have this one covered, John. SH
Sherlock had asked. He asked. John took a minute to catch his breath. “OK, yeah. Careful out there.” John looked after the detective, who now took his characteristic speed and flew out of the window up the fire escape.
“It might not be Sherlock, but I know what it’s like to love a little girl that should be your own, and want to do the best by her. I’m here for you. I got you if you want me to help you kick his arse. I’m friends with Lestrade too, and I’m a persistent Yard element.”
At that moment, John would have given a lot to feel Mrs. Hudson’s hand on his shoulder. His voice was shaky; “Did she hear…?”
Then John received a text from Sherlock and lost further interest in being out, as he wondered why Sherlock had chosen today of all days to finally communicate, even if only for a case and ask what he had, but Angie wanted to go to a club for drinks, after, so they went to one close to the theater, that didn’t have too long a queue. The bar was on a tier, so if they wanted they could see the dancers and the DJ.
“He had 50 pounds. I currently have like 30 of it, but I’m using it to eat, Captain.” John thanked the man, gave him his card and asked him to come visit him. “Even if you just need someone to talk to Lieutenant…,” said John earnestly, “...It can be lonely out here, especially if your friends are disappearing." John left a 20 in the hiding place as he followed Vasquez out.
“Six years, 5 months and 17 days…” Said Sherlock. “...and what we are, according to what you have repeatedly stated, is ‘broken up’.”
Sherlock massaged the thighs and John let his moans and hums of satisfaction out freely. “Oh, love that’s it, you are fantastic. Harder, go harder” John let his voice go rough. “Yeah, oh yeah, bloody lovely” He heard Sherlock laugh.
“Eh, what’s tonight, Tuesday? Um, he usually isn’t available on Tuesdays or Wednesdays, has sports and-things.” Greg said.
“You don’t have to explain anything, love. This is now, it’s what matters.” John kissed him. He opened Sherlock’s shirt. Slowly, John opened Sherlock’s shirt. He had one hand in John’s hair and the other on his shoulder. John opened his trousers then took off his own. Sherlock sat on the bed, took off his shoes, his socks and sat looking down. John undressed, keeping his pants on, and sat next to him, one hand on his back, gently making circles.
Said detective did not like to hear he was wrong. Much less did he like how he felt when John, looking like a ray of sunshine, had the gall to laugh at him.
John got up, took her face in his hands, kissed her cheek and hugged her. “I need you to come to the school Summer concert this Saturday, Mrs Hudson. Rosie will perform her solo. It’s a surprise for Sherlock, and things will probably be emotional, hopefully in a good way. Oh, while I wash up, take a look. I’ve been drawing these.” He handed her his phone.
-Worked through that. It’s alright, John. You decided against it. I was taken by surprise, and reacted badly. I should have stayed. We could have danced. SH
“Fine.” Sherlock spat out, angry now. “Three months, two weeks and four days. We went to France a month and a half into our friendship, April 16th through the 20th, when I came back for my days with Watson. We stayed at the Peninsula Paris. During our time together all of our dates included some kind of sex, and me sleeping over at his place. Would you like a rundown of our preferences? Want to know the incidence of hand jobs, blowjobs, penetration, top/bottom, toys and new techniques acquired?”
“And it won’t. I believe John didn’t want to tell you because he was scared that he had been tempted by the offer. He must have thought you would leave him for considering it.”
That evening, after leaving Rosie and a still quiet Sherlock at 221, he went to dinner at Gianna’s, and had her for dessert. It was great being with a women after so long. Really fantastic for their first time. He had been reluctant to take the step, but he didn’t remember why. She had been lovely and curvy and tiny and enthusiastic. He had stayed with her after they cleaned up, but John found he couldn’t fall asleep. Gianna eventually ended up with her head on his chest, her dark hair tickling his nose. John stroked it, smooth and silky, his fingers half expecting to catch in curls. She was still asleep when he left. He called her in the morning, and things had been alright.
Rosie hyperventilated. If only it were her days with Sherlock, she might work up the courage to ask him what to do, instead.
Molly was beautiful tonight. She was wearing a red summery pencil dress, with flowers, that livened her eyes. She had kept her short hair, and lightened it. She had been animatedly talking with her Barts friends for a while, but now she, Linda Stamford and Mrs. Hudson were setting  tables with food, Sherlock had been talking with Dylan. John, Mike and Wiggins came around handing out champagne flutes. John came to sit next to Sherlock.
“That would be me. Many happy returns, Jackson.” Sherlock was trying to remain calm as he had just learned Watson referred to him as “her dad” to her friends.
Anderson looked stunned, “He could have still taken the poison himself, that is what it looks like.” he said, raising his chin.
“Why would it? He was happy for us!”  John answered and saw that Sherlock's body relaxed and a little smile came on his face.
“Harriet brought something to my attention; a significant misunderstanding. “Hearts for Africa” was the organization James Sholto worked for. And yes I did communicate with him but…”
Dr. Quentin had nothing to add at the moment. He did get up, made tea, and gave some to Sherlock. “I wish I could give you a cigarette. If ever one was needed, it is now.” Dr Quentin wrote some things down, and thought for a while.
So they went into the discreet establishment of the Holmes’ exclusive tailor, signore De Luca. Seeing the former SI/DI in the suit Mycroft had picked for him was a revelation.
“She is pregnant, John, did you not see her distended abdomen? Though she had champagne at the house warming so it is less than three months. With that size of growth, she is most certainly carrying twins. Molly has never mentioned having any relatives who are twins so it most probably falls on Wiggin’s genetics, and in that case, we will never know for sure, as his mother had multiple partners."
The next morning, he woke up late, alone in bed and the sounds of giggling outside. Sherlock and the girls were playing catch. John took a shower, dressed and started sharing pictures on his blog, and social media. Rosalie came running in to hug him and tell him “Grandmere said come to brunch as soon as you’re ready. And she has “mimosas” for you, fruity drinks for breakfast.
Once in the bedroom, they kissed again, this time Sherlock giving back, and licking and sucking and being a little too much, but it was alright, it was him. After a while of kissing and caressing, John took Sherlock’s hand and placed it without hesitation on the bulge forming quickly underneath his trousers, so the younger man could feel how he affected John. Sherlock gasped, “John!”
“One I made myself. I will be a consulting detective. The Yard already consults me when they are out of their depth. Which is always. I just found myself... suspended, due to health issues.”
“Thanks for coming with mate! I have to try on the damn suit and Myc is so picky with the fit, while I would just say ‘OK’ to everything to get it over with!” smiled Lestrade.
“What drives you to choose this career doctor? There must be easier choices within the psychology realm?” Asked Sherlock.
“That man Sherlock deduced down yesterday was in the coffee line again today. He actually tried to rile Sherlock up first with tidbits about his own dissertation. When Sherlock didn’t take the bait, the man looked like he had an inspiration, and came closer. He said to Sherlock, “Aren’t you thrilled that Dr. Watson will be the next Director of the new program in the Coswells? The move from London must be thrilling. You will have so much time to rest and relax. And solitude also, seeing as how Watson will be up to his ears in work, with little time left for pretty little things like you.”
‘Touché’, thought John. Served him right.  Luther shook John’s hand, while his right one was low on Sherlock’s waist. He gave him a once over that left John feeling on the receiving end of a total body MRI. This man did not feel “friendship” towards Sherlock.
John was shocked before saying, “Tall man, lanky, hair a mess of curls, rude, posh, quite ehem good looking?”
“In your parent’s house, but you aren’t to see him. He was very clear,” she said, in a good Captain Watson imitation. Sherlock really wanted to see him now, though. This day was getting so long already. He sidestepped Mummy and Meghan, who tended to forget that Sherlock was not planning this wedding.
Oh for a story about Sherlock and a friend (and making John ultra trash can jealous) the oh so riveting
Dancing this song with Sherlock, in front of all their friends, in this place, filled John with a happiness he had forgotten he could feel. He had felt it the first time he saw Sherlock asleep on the sofa, with a tiny Rosie in his arms, also asleep. He had felt it the first morning he woke up next to Sherlock. And now, at Sherlock’s still dazed eyes, and how he couldn’t look away from John and how his breath hitched a little, with the tiniest of smiles threatening to break through, he was certain they belonged together. At the end of the song, John pulled Sherlock with him, hugged Greg and waved goodbye to everyone else.
“Sweetie, John realized he made a mistake. He is working, going to therapy, dating you. He made sure you have real rights with Rosie. Looks like he is in it for the long run. And you? You’ve learned a lot too! You know you could find at least a companion, a partner. You have made new friends, you have learned so much about yourself. Now you have your daughter to look out for, too. We parents can do unimaginable things for our kids. I say, if you still truly love your idiot, and he loves you, go for it! Your alternative is either find someone new, or be lonely, while you ‘co-parent’ with the man you really love.”
that went from the eyes straight to the cock and lit the skin on fire. The man opened Sherlock’s shirt, turning the lights down when Sherlock asked him to. Sherlock’s stomach did flips, and he felt himself breathing fast. He felt scrawny and underfed next to Luther, but the man seemed mesmerized. He used his hands to gently touch Sherlock’s chest, and arms. Luther asked him; “Does this feel right?” Sherlock thought back to his sessions and asked him to use firmer touches, which Luther did.  He then followed the outline of Sherlock’s leather trousers with his hands, with the same, deep touch he used on Sherlock’s chest and arms. “Oh baby, the way you make these look! I couldn’t keep my eyes off of you.” Luther opened Sherlock’s fly and lead him to lay down on the bed.
“While I’m pleased to hear that I look well put together, I assure you Charlene, I have not had an easy time…”
Watson stepped up to the microphone, tapped it and blew into it to check sound. She quieted herself. Stood up straight, took a deep breath, and opened her eyes.
“Would you like to dance, Captain? I could make sure our song played.” Sherlock asked, not looking John in the eye.
‘How in hell does he do that?’  He wondered, as he got on the bus, and sat down next to him. His husband, happy, and pink faced from running around with him, mischief in his eyes. John took his hand and kissed his face. They were going to enjoy every minute of what was to come. There were no doubts left between them. It was the two of them to face the world, the three of them to love, and live and hope.
Once inside, with no desire to stop by Mrs. Hudson to retrieve Watson, he went over what John had done. He had participated in the case. He had agreed to go to dinner. John had accepted Wiggin’s presence. Then he had suggested the local, because he “wasn’t ready to say goodnight”. John had talked as if he had been on a date, and he had ended it with a goodnight kiss. A good long kiss, that only served to remind Sherlock of all the other things he couldn’t indulge in.
Sherlock sat down with her on his lap, his Belfast open and light sweat on his forehead. John busied himself setting up.
“Why wouldn’t I be? Well, actually I might not. We are supposed to move into Baker Street at some point.”
“Very well, then. If you are amenable, you can send me your previous doctor’s information, so they can share the files. It will cover most of the ‘ancient history’”
Which made Sherlock look through his application and find her name: Rosalie Amelia Watson-Holmes. He also noticed that this wasn’t a proper application, but an adoption certification, granted upon his signature. With Rosie jumping up and down about her new name, Sherlock, having lost the ability to talk, got up and for the first time in his whole adult life, in possession of his senses, with no meltdown or overdose, of his own free will, stepped forward to hug Mycroft, who after a minute of stunned surprise, heartily hugged back.
“I- I see you are together again. I have to ask,” the young man took a deep breath. “I recently - spent some time with somebody from my past. The person I have loved the most. He was my best friend since I was ten, we were lovers for a year. Seeing him again- It was fantastic, and he wanted me to stay, but I have my work and my life in a different country than his. I went through hell to get to where I am now. I’m so confused. He was married to a woman. He’s divorced now and swears that he never stopped loving me. He hurt me so badly though. I don’t know, how do you trust a person after that?”
“Sherlock Holmes, your… colleague. You seem like a decent bloke, why would you work with a psycho that gets off on murders and suicides and anything bloody?”
A Birthday Party!! There will be bubbles! there will be a rock wall to climb! Ice cream! Face painting! a jumpy house! The whole nine yards! Who is this little boy? Also; "5 Ways to Kill Your Chances With Your EX!" and "Does Whisky go well with Pizza?" Also, "Somebody Would Benefit From a Mute Button". Yaay!! Rosie's Friend turned 10! and he has a Pirate costume complete with hook hand and toy cutlass...
“I do now. I see I took him for granted, I ignored his need to feel secure in the relationship. And I punished him by withholding affection and sex.”
Luther and Sherlock were in a cafe. They were almost done with their civilized talk. “You know what I feel, baby. It has to be good for both of us, so it’s alright if you are not feeling it anymore. If it’s about what happened last time, don’t feel bad. It’s ok.”
John knew better, though. He, Meghan, Charlie, the Stamfords and the Holmes parents, went all in to make the little wedding happen. Meghan, who had a more flexible schedule than Harry, would come down on Friday afternoon and stay the weekend to help at first Charlie, going to Sussex Downs with her, choosing a catering that also rented tents and chairs and tables, securing a landscaper to make the outdoor beautiful, hiring a gardener that would plant the flowers. John called the “River Boys” group from Mycroft’s wedding, and the singer was very happy to participate, refusing to have John pay for the airfare. He also went to Goldings and had a new suit bespoke for the occasion, unbeknownst to his intended.
The woman gave him a little smile. “Best call me Charlie, my last name is likely to change back to Hanscom, some time soon, Mr. Holmes.”
“Hmm, let’s see. The fresh air, the walks on the trails, the dogs, these off the trail walks. Being with you, Sherlock. Always.”
“Yep!! She stayed over, because it was her day with Nyla…” She looked at John’s startled face and added hurriedly, ”...Sherlock was so good! We heard them talking and laughing when we were..um...falling asleep!”
To John this information filled in many gaps about the time after Cardiff. That he had voluntarily stayed with Mycroft meant the situation had been truly dire. John shamefully remembered thinking that if Rosie had thrown a tantrum, Sherlock would be in the same state. Mike’s and Greg’s reluctance to talk about Sherlock, Mycroft’s aggressiveness, and Rosie’s sadness, and Mrs. Hudson’s talk the other day made sense now. John had suspected Sherlock had been using, though he had carefully kept those ideas to himself, and he was now happy he had.
They went to Sherlock’s room. John finished opening up his buttons. Sherlock, with unsteady fingers opened John’s shirt and reverently traced the edges of the doctor’s scar first with his fingers, then with his lips and tongue, while John opened up his belt and trousers and pushed them down. Then he pushed Sherlock down onto the bed and took his own trousers off, giving Sherlock a tantalizing view of his red pants, the front showing him the outline of John’s Three Continents acclaimed cock.
Sherlock managed to sit up by himself. He was obviously dizzy, and seemed surprised to see himself covered in blood. John took his shirt off and made a makeshift bandana for him, covering the wound. The adrenaline down was hitting him. Sherlock could easily be dead. With the urgency gone, he opened Sherlock’s ruined shirt, helped him sit up straighter so he could breathe better. John sat down next to his friend so Sherlock could lean on him. He worried he had nothing to offer him. He talked about what would happen when the ambulance came, tried to describe step by step. After what seemed an eternity, the EMS and the police finally came.
Greg stayed in uncomfortable silence for a while. “Well John, we’re all blokes here, you guys are done, so uhm, what he does in his, uh, free time, well, it’s up to him, right? At least now he’s not staying in by himself, curled up on the sofa. Anyway, uh, happy that the little Rose and the Stamford girls get along. And you owe me like 4 months of pints. I’m your friend too, you know. I promise no to say a word about Himself. Let me know.” and he promptly finished the call.
Tonight, I want to honor one person who is everything to me. See, my father, John, shared his genes with me. We are forever together. He knows what he means to me.  My papa, Sherlock. He has had such a hard time…,” her voice started to crack, but she breathed and got through it. “...I want to let him know just what I feel for him. So I am singing to you Sherlock. Because I love you so very much.”
Rosie couldn’t deny it anymore. She felt like crap. Even when the thought of leaving her tennis team minus one made her sorry, the thought of playing tennis was worse. Her head hurt terribly and the lights in the hall had made her stomach roll. Her ears felt full of sand. She raised her hand. “Yes Rosie? “ Ms Lane did a double take, instantly looking concerned “I don’t feel so good” she said as she tried to stand up and fainted, instead.
Brought back to his senses, he disengaged, stepped back and put his palms up when John stepped towards him. John then saw Harris, turned around and walked towards the suspect. Sherlock turned away from Harris and feigned a cough attack, wishing desperately for his Belstaff, heat notwithstanding, to help him cover up the state John had left him in. Then he took a step towards the EMS car that had arrived and felt the pain in his foot. Looking down, the mangled state of his shoe turned his stomach. His right foot. The world tilted a little.
“No, Sherlock. There’s no mistake. I...I submitted a new form after I moved out. I was going to tell you.”
Greg also stayed in touch. He visited often. Maybe even too often. But it was alright, because he picked Rosie up and then took her to John, as needed.
It turned into a standing “date”. Sherlock would spend his Rosie day afternoons with her, playing and listening, completing school projects, and playing karaoke. Watson had a great singing voice and tone and was totally into it at the moment. On the other days, Sherlock boxed, checked in with the Yard (or Donovan), went to therapy, now twice a week. Dr. Quentin was divided on the subject of sex. On one side, it was a vastly different experience than what he had with John, and it had made it on Sherlock’s “Happy List” on the other, Dr. Q felt the potential for emotional dependence was present. In the evenings of his non-Rosie days, he went dancing and left with Luther. It was certainly a learning experience. Luther was clearly very knowledgeable about sexual acts and techniques, and loved getting Sherlock up to speed.
“I am certain. He is too. We can make it work this time.” Mrs Hudson could say no more, and hugged him, for a long time. Then she let go, went to John, who was talking with Kailia, and hugged him hard, also.
“He hates diagnosis, being labeled. Sherlock functions quite well when he wants to, so I don’t know. I’m not a specialist. I just see him and his odd combination of genius and challenges. Doesn’t mean he’s not able to manipulate me to his own benefit. To make me see things the way he wants me to. He did that a lot when we first worked together.”
DJ saw him immediately, with his black leather pants and a green shirt. They made eye contact, lingering for a while, Sherlock grinned. If John could go on a ‘date’, then so could he. Tonight. Music man started Sherlock off with “Mad Love”(Sean Paul, David Guetta)”, “Familiar” (Liam Payne) then “Sorry, Not Sorry (Demi Lovato). DJ gave it a long intro. Sherlock got into it and danced his perky arse off to it. DJ hooted.
came along and she suggested we share stories and post them on AO3. Since then I have had the privilege of knowing and working with this marvelous person, and talented author. Both ladies have been friends beyond fandom, lifting my spirits and saving my life during life changing times. To both of you, my eternal gratitude ladies. I aspire to be the friend to each of you that you are to me.
The evening went very well. They talked about the case, about Wiggins, who was indeed doing well, after a year of having broken up with a long term girlfriend, a lady some years older than him, who hadn’t been able to let go of an opportunity to teach the use of 3D copiers for planning difficult surgeries in South America. Bill had decided to stay, pursuing his promotion at Sanaf.
He also called out Luther’s name, time and time again, everything else blotted out, non existent, no regrets, or feelings, or memories. At some point, Luther put his fingers in his mouth for him to suck on, as he grabbed the curly one’s cock and stroked him to orgasm. He screamed out as he came, wriggling his battered body, feeling the force of Luther’s release inside of him, and experienced the bliss of …..nothing.
was one of the first fandom stories I read. It's "intimate" scenes are magical indeed, the story, as all of the ones by this talented Author, fantastic!
As always, thank you to my readers, those who just read, those who kudo and those who comment and have conversations with me. You guys light up my life. Thanks for all your support and ideas and for joining me in trying to get my idiots from A-Z . Here, just in case Luther is causing sad Johnlock  vibes, is a onesie I love by the Extraordinarily Talented SilentAuror
Sherlock sighed. John was prone to accuse him of oversharing with outsiders. “The evidence proved there were no valid reasons to continue my involvement.”
everlasting thanks for going through this story time and again with little and not so little changes and additions.
*For this chapter I'm happy to recommend one of my favorite stories (yes I say that about all the ones I recommend, because it's true!) This one is a series,
“Are you done? Let me clear this right up, you dumb head, Sherlock Holmes is not your sweetheart. He does not miss you and does not need your presents. Furthermore he, we have nothing to say to you.” John barked at him.
Sherlock had asked him if he was home. He wanted to tell him he wouldn’t be home until Sherlock took him back. He wondered what would happen if he took a taxi and called from the door. Would Sherlock take him in? Would he take him back home? The thought of their room, their bed wanted to break him. What wouldn’t he give right now for waking up at Baker Street and making tea? For sitting in front of the fire? For sleeping in the bed with Sherlock, and having him stay the night.
“I was not talking to ‘baby’, as that was Luther’s pet name for me. I never used nicknames…” At that, John stared at Sherlock, threw the rest of the clothes on the bench and left the room. He walked to the front, put his shoes on. “John,” Sherlock desperately wished for him to stop. “Please don’t. I broke up with Luther after Jackson’s birthday party. Can I tell you why?”
John really didn’t want to cry. Not now, that they were together. He sat up and kissed Sherlock again. “My turn!” Sherlock closed his eyes. “No. Open them Sherlock. It’s really us. I’m touching you, recognizing every part of you.” He did what Sherlock had done to him, but with a firmer, deeper touch, grounding him. Then he took his face in his hands, kissed that long slim neck and came back to his mouth. Sherlock pulled him closer, chest on chest. Sherlock put his hand in John’s pants, just as gently as they had done everything else. He reached under the pillow, where he had put the bottle of lube. “Your hand on me, John.”
Team 2 did win the scavenger hunt. The proud parents, the Stamfords, John and Sherlock had heard the conversation thanks to Linda’s recordings of the event. All the Team 2 families went to have fish and chips for dinner. They were so busy, and stayed out for so late, that neither Sherlock nor John acknowledged that this day was the anniversary of the one John had left. That night in bed, though, after a satisfying round of sex, the two men slept in each other’s arms.
“It’s like I’ve been flirting forever, but the person either doesn’t notice or doesn't care that way. I really thought the latter, until very recently. Anyway, I needed advice, and Clara and Harry gave it plentifully. Harry told me I should change my whole appearance, shake up this person who has known me for years. Then I should just come out and say it.”
“God, I’m sorry John! I seem to not be in control of my mouth!” He paced from one end of the room to the other. “I was looking forward to seeing you again, I missed you. I wanted things to go back to normal, but you came home looking like that, and
Donovan had a look of satisfaction when she said; “No, but if I had to take a wild guess, it had something to do with the gorgeous bloke that came in with him. He seemed enchanted with Himself’s antics.” Sally looked straight at John. “Let him be, Dr Watson. He’s been looking better, healthier.”
“I heard you are looking for a guy named Moran. Word is he’s hiding back where the Germans were doing business last month. Want me to take you?”
They took a taxi to the train station, and when Rosie didn’t see Sherlock she didn’t worry. He was probably already at grandpa’s. She had a feeling they were going the wrong way in the station, but she was suddenly panicked she hadn’t brought Bee with her and she brought her backpack in front of her to rummage through it, finding him immediately. She closed the backpack and got on the train.
John sighed and pushed his empty plate away. “Alright, I didn’t want to have to say it, but part of the reason I needed a holiday in the first place, was because I was feeling a little down. I’m really into this person I’ve known for a long time, and I wanted to see if we could be more than friends, but the person never showed interest in something like that.” John was looking intensely into Sherlock’s eyes.
John did, however, raise his hand a bit and played with Sherlock’s curls a little, hearing Sherlock sigh and press his head further in his hand. They stayed like that for a bit, then, when Sherlock had calmed, they decided to go out for a walk, eating at a small, cozy cafe for dinner. As they walked back to the flat, while Sherlock animatedly talked about the trajectory of bullets and the possibilities of surviving different shots, John realized for the first time, that he did not have a limp. In fact, he had never missed his cane, hadn't seen it since the night he had found Sherlock.
A huge carton cake was brought out and a prim and proper young red headed man with a tuxedo and a slick black umbrella came out of it. John looked up and saw Sherlock’s delighted smirk. Was the boy a take on...no.
“You should forgive him, Sherlock. He was tempted by the offer. He likes the idea of it very much, but he didn’t take it. What he did was have you adopt Rosie. What he did was stop dating other people. He is going to therapy. He is drawing, and exercising, and he has eyes only for you.”
“It was good watching you in action after so long.” said John, aware that Sherlock looked at him with his eyebrow raised. “You want to go somewhere? I’m rather peckish.” said John, taking a chance.
They talked for a while about different possibilities, but Sherlock was, after all, hurt and exhausted, and had just had sex with John for the first time. That thought made John smile. Greg noticed. He also saw Sherlock falling asleep on the sofa. During a case. Unprecedented.
The signatures in place, the documents collected and safeguarded in Mycroft’s suitcase, the group returned to the dining room. Mycroft announced them; “Ladies and Gentlemen, friends and family, Ms. Rosalie Amelia Watson-Holmes and her father, Sherlock Holmes.” The group erupted in applause, everyone getting up to hug them and greet them. Sherlock noticed his parents had also joined the party. Angelo served dinner, then dessert and coffee. Angelo even put music on, the guest moved the tables.
“For me it’s this, doing things together, and not getting bored, finding these animals, and… John, did you ever open my luggage?”
DJ  announced his last set of the night. He put on “New Rules” to keep Sherlock dancing. Followed it with “Came Here For Love” (Sigala, Ella Eyre) , At “...I came here for love…” Sherlock took a deep breath and looked up to find the DJ looking at him, Sherlock smiled at him.. “Therapy” (Armin Van Buuren). At some point, he held up a new water bottle for him, which Sherlock gratefully took.  He mixed in “Dangerous (Roxette). Sherlock danced his way closer to the DJ stand. “Complicated “ (David Guetta-Sia). Their eyes locked. DJ winked, Sherlock smiled. DJ announced his last song was “This is What You Came For (Calvin Harris)” Sherlock danced for the DJ, who took his fill of looking him up and down. Sherlock lip synced the lyrics: “...I say, your place when we leave.” Then gave him a saucy grin
“I’ve only recently started to consider that might be an issue I should look into. Do you have a place where you are safe? Would you be interested in sharing a flat in Marylebone?”
