As the open the door to his bedroom, he smiles when he sees clean bed linen folded at the bottom on his bed. He hadn’t even thought about how long it’s been since his sheets had been changed, considering he hasn’t really used the bed in years.  As he takes a closer look, there’s also a well-worn t-shirt and pajama pants that he knows belong to Dean and his smile gets bigger as warmth spread out in his body. The hunter must have stopped by while he was in the shower, and his thoughtfulness is enough for Castiel to sigh happily as he gets ready for the night.
“I wasn’t sure about that whole oil and fire thing that I read about” Dean says to break the silence, “it definitely pissed it off, but it also slowed it down. If we can find a way to slow it down, we can find a way to kill it! We just need a bit more time.”
- “You made it!” Castiel replied, feeling some of the tension leaving his body as relief washed over him, and finally realizing how exhausted he was from the fight with the Leviathans.
He didn’t even know for how long it had been driving when his phone started ringing again. The first hour, Sam had tried to call him at least a dozen times. Then, Mary had tried to call. But he didn’t want to speak to them. Didn’t want them to know how much it hurt that he couldn’t agree with them.
He wasn’t sure what to expect, but he’s still surprised. It only takes him a second to recognize the park and the two benches where he and Cas were sitting when the angel first confessed that he had doubts. That he was happy that Dean had ignored Heaven’s orders to save a whole town, even if it meant breaking a seal. Because he cared.
Dean and Castiel are back from Purgatory but realize that the spell will require yet another sacrifice.
“Are you trying to flirt with me, Cas?” Dean laughs.
“I’m here for Castiel. It’s time to collect.” She responds with a deadly smirk.
Stay tuned for chapter 3 coming in a few days, by next weekend at the latest!
“Don’t you recognize it? We’re in Heaven.” Dean says in a reassuring tone, gently squeezing his shoulder.
“I can get on board with that.” Castiel replies with the most beautiful smile Dean has ever seen. He doesn’t stare at it for too long though, eager to cover it with his lips.
“Thanks Cas.”
“Cas, please”… Dean begs, and he’s doesn’t even know what is asking for. All he knows is that, without realizing, he took a few steps towards the angel and their bodies are almost touching now, but the hunter needs more. He cups the angel’s face with both hands and kisses him. After a surprised whimper, and maybe a second of hesitation, Castiel grips his shoulder with his right hand, where his handprint used to be years ago, and his waist with his other hand, pulling him closer. Their lips move together in sync, as if they had done this many times before, and Cas realizes that it is the most beautiful and most heart-wrenching moment of his very long existence, because kissing Dean feels better than flying, but feeling the hunter crying  against him is like a blade through his heart. What started as shy and sweet is now getting more passionate, more desperate as Dean grips his hair while their tongues are dancing around each other and Castiel can’t believe the love pouring from the hunter while they kiss for the first, and most likely last time.
Here they were. He should have known that this was about more than just bruise. Even though Castiel has been dying to have that conversation since the minute he stepped back into the bunker, he wasn’t sure he’d ever feel ready for it. He anticipates the rejection, the heartbreak but hasn’t been looking forward to that moment. Even though Dean’s behavior towards him has obviously changed, he feels like the marks of physical affection could very well be a way for the hunter to soften the blow as he gently turns him down. Dean was generous like that.
“Fuck. I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I made you think I wouldn’t be devastated if…” Dean says, with a few tears still rolling down his cheeks.
“I’m sorry Cas, but they need to know. Do you just want them, want Dean, to wake up one day and find out that you’re gone?” The anger is gone from Jack’s tone, replaced by sadness.
However, he remembers visiting a part of Heaven that had been abandoned for centuries with Jack, deciding what to do with it, when he was suddenly hit with an overwhelming wave of guilt, sadness and longing. He didn’t take him long to recognize the soul reaching out to him, and he shut everything else out to focus on Dean’s prayer.
As soon as the door is closed behind them, Dean can’t help but ask, worried:
- "Well, you should have thought about that before going there. You should have told me before going Cas." Said Dean, unable to hide the pain in his voice.
He had managed to moan “Cas…Cas I know you’re in there. I know you can hear me. Cas, it’s me! We’re family… we need you… I need you.” As soon as the words were spoken, Dean knew they weren’t strong enough to describe his feelings, but it seemed like it was strong enough for the angel to snap out of this trance and drop his blade.
It doesn’t take long until they find a field and the dog seems happy enough to run around and chase squirrels. It gives Castiel the opportunity to sit against a tree, look at the sky, and pray to Jack. He lets him know how proud and grateful he is, how being back is an adjustment but how good it feels to be reunited with his family. He doesn’t mention what’s going on with Dean, but he’s pretty sure that Jack knows, or can feel his longing at the very least. Once he’d done praying, he closes his eyes, lets his head fall against the tree behind him, and takes the time to enjoy the warm feeling of the sun on his face, the smell of the trees and flowers around him, the sound of the birds chirping, and the softness of Miracle’s fur as he comes to snuggle against him.
“Hierarchy is much more fluid than it used to be.” He explains. “There aren’t many angels around, but our graces are much more powerful, and Jack barely ever leaves so it’s more than enough to keep Heaven powered. We closed the gates to keep the angels in and we just make sure things keep working here. It’s quiet.”
It was hard to remember a time when he had been happy. Especially since it seemed like what he remembered from his childhood wasn’t true.  Since his mom came back to life, he had realized the pretty, soft blonde who wore floral dresses and spent her days baking apple pies and singing lullabies probably never existed. Since she came back, he had realized he didn’t know her at all. After all, he was four years old when she had died. As the time passed, his scattered memories of her had mostly disappeared, replaced by memories he had wished were true.
- “I’m sorry too.” Dean replies. “For putting you in these situations. It wasn’t fair to you. But I want you to know trust you with everything I have, and I don’t want you to feel like I’m your responsibility, even though that’s probably asking too much.” Castiel tries to hide a smile but fails. The hunter had been a mission at first but had become his priority throughout the years and someone he would protect at all costs.
, Dean had thought, even though nobody dared to talk about the fact that Castiel was gone, because nobody but him really understood what happened that night. Sam, of course, had kept asking, until Dean had snapped:
“It’s okay Dean. It’s more than I would have ever hoped for. I didn’t think I’d come back from this, that I’d have to deal with the consequences of everything I said that night. I was ready to take whatever you were willing to give me, hoping that I, at least, still had your friendship. But then, things shifted, and I was just happy with what you were giving me.” Castiel replies, smiling reassuringly as Dean pulls him into a hug.
- "Good" was the only thing he managed to reply. He let his hand slip a little, from the angel wrist to his hand and laced their fingers. When the angel softly squeezed his hand, the hunter smiled, his first real smile since he had left the bunker.
Even if it was pretty obvious after the previous day's soul-grace connection, actually saying the words out loud was different. And while they had fully acknowledge the shift in their relationship, they had spent more time kissing than talking about it the night before, not that they were complaining.
“Why? Do you have a problem with that?” he asks, startled.
Because there were more people than usual around the table, they all had to squeeze in which means that Dean’s knee was pressed against Cas’, making him feel particularly giddy as the angel seemed to be leaning against him as well, slightly more than necessary.
- “Wait wait wait… are you sure?”
-	“I’ll tell you everything.” Replied Dean in a soothing tone, But he was worried: “Where is Sam?”
“So… what do we do now? We already wasted years ‘cause I didn’t want to acknowledge how I feel about you and now… “
“It just feels surreal sometimes, you know?” Dean whispers against his ear. ‘’Last month, we were still trying to find a way to defeat Chuck, and to be honest, I didn’t think we’d all make it. The way he manipulated me, made me so angry, and desperate. I was so hopeless. And then, we beat him but you were gone. Just a few weeks ago, I was drinking myself to sleep and begging for you to come back. And now, you’re here, Sammy’s here. Jack is safe and looking after the whole world. It just feels too good to be true.”
When they finally make it to the bunker, Dean has to help Castiel getting out of the car, because the angel is now definitely a lightweight who was about to fall asleep on Dean’s shoulder, even though the car ride was only twenty minutes long, at most.
Cas rolls his eyes. They both know it wouldn’t be that easy. He realizes that they don’t have much time though, as Sam has been losing quite a lot of blood, so he nods. Dean mutters a quiet “hang in there Sammy” to his brother, then goes to sit on a nearby chair and seems to be bracing himself for the pain, so Cas gets closer, softly lays his hand on the hunter stomach, takes a deep breath and pushes in.
His resolve crumbles pretty quickly though, when only a few nights after his nightmare, they end up drinking a little too much.
“Your soul, and my grace… they bonded when I pulled you from Hell. You were very reluctant at first, so it wasn’t an easy process. I’m not sure how your soul is going to react if we come in direct contact again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
As quietly as he can, Castiel moves closer to Dean’s body, almost touching, and spends a long time listening to his even breaths before falling asleep again.
“I told you he sacrificed himself Sam, and the Empty took him. What else do you want me to say? Don’t make me relive that night.” Something in his tone must have been enough, because from then, Sam had stopped asking. At least for the time being. They had also visited Charlie and her girlfriend, Jody, Donna and the girls, and even stopped by to have a drink with Bobby on their way back to Lebanon.
Dean catches Sam’s gaze, who’s sitting alone at their table, and feels himself blush. Sam smiles at his brother as he realizes he’s never seen him so happy and carefree. He’s so obviously whipped that Sam can’t understand how the angel still thinks his feelings are unrequited.
- "This has nothing to do with the Men of Letters."
- “Dammit Cas, we should really get you a bell” he tries to joke. Seeing Castiel’s concerned face, he adds: “It’s just.. I am fine, it’s just been a long 36 hours or so.”
A week had passed since Jack had gotten his soul back, and things had been pretty quiet and uneventful at the bunker. It had been a little uncomfortable at first, as Jack was just overwhelmed with grief and the guilt he hadn’t been able to feel after accidentally killing Mary, but they were slowly working their way through it, together, as a family. Sam and Dean were able to forgive him even if it wasn’t easy, but in the end, they were happy to have the real Jack back, and the permanent frown on Castiel’s face was slowly starting to fade away.
“Night Cas.” Dean whispers as he watches him leave.
“He’s right.” Dean is quick to reassure him.
“You’ve done that before with Bobby right?” Dean says, now sounding frantic. “When you needed a little boost to time travel. He told us about it back then. That would work, right?”
After what felt like days, but had probably just been a few minutes, he heard heavy steps and panting. His whole body tensed up, until he realized that the noise definitely sounded human. He was so relieved when he recognized his friend that he let out a sob.
“I love you so much.” Dean repeats as they are breathing each other in.
“Cas, you’re an angel.” Dean blurts out.
PART II
Once in the abandoned house, they had been ambushed by a much bigger and much stronger group than they had anticipated which had been difficult to deal with, even for two extremely experienced hunters and an angel of the lord, who ended up having to use so much of his grace that he was heavily panting by the time the last vampire dropped dead.
“If you think I’m going to let you take him…” the hunter starts, the anger and fear both obvious in his voice.
“When I died, and I went to Heaven, the Empty tried to take me because of the Angel side of me belonged there and it threatened to completely destroy Heaven if I didn’t follow. So Cas traded his life up for mine.”
“Trust me, you’re gonna want to brush your teeth and drink a really big glass of water before heading to bed because waking up tomorrow ain’t going to be a party.”
“You should have told us before man.” Sam says in a sad tone.
Castiel smiles, grateful. He’s so focused on his relationship with Dean sometimes that he tends to forget what an amazing friend Sam has been to him.
“I think we’re okay.  Even if you and me… this is making me really happy right now… but Chuck is still around. You, Sam and Jack… my family is still in danger as long as he’s around. So as happy as I am when I’m with you, I don’t think I can be completely happy, and at peace, until you’re safe from him. I realize that now. But that doesn’t diminish how good you… I…”
“Sam got hurt?” Jack asks, worried, entering the living room with Claire and Kaia on his footsteps.
And then Sam sided with her. Worse, he sided with them as well, after everything he and Dean had been through. Even if he thought they were wrong, truth is, Dean didn’t know if they had a point or not. Working with the British Men of Letters seemed like the worst idea ever, for so many reasons. He tried to understand but he couldn’t see how things could end in a good way with them. No matter how hard he had tried, despite what Sam and Mary thought.  But after all the times they had kept secrets and worked being each other’s backs and had to deal with the terrible outcomes, Dean couldn't help but wonder. Who knew how it was going to end this time?
“Dean, what’s going on?” Hearing how lost Castiel sounds, Dean lets go of him, reluctantly breaking their embrace. He can’t stop touching him though, so he puts his hands on his shoulders and looks him in the eyes for the first time since he said goodbye.
After that, they don’t talk much, both preoccupied with their mission, hoping Sam and Eileen are fine and that the spell will work, but also worried about its consequences. The car ride to the casino is tense and seems longer than it actually is, even though Dean drives well above most speed limits. However, as they are about to get out of the impala, Cas takes a deep breath and turns to Dean, who shrugs him off right away:
“It will just be temporarily though. You’d get to live and properly enjoy a human life with them, but as soon as you come back through the gates of Heaven, you will be reunited with your grace. I’ll keep it safe for you.”
“Ours.” Dean replies before leaning in and finally kissing him. It’s shy, just a soft touch of their lips, barely moving, but Dean has never felt lighter. After a few seconds, he pulls away and presses their foreheads together, his eyes never leaving the angel’s.
.” Castiel had been walking for what felt like hours when he heard it, and stopped so abruptly that he almost fell.
“There was a lot going on, as usual, so you took the win. And I chose to keep it to myself because you and Sam didn’t deserve the extra burden.” Castiel replies so calmly that he drives the hunter a little crazy.
“I felt your guilt, your pain, but something else was stronger… I felt loved.” Castiel whispers, still in awe from this revelation.
Cas sends an apologetic and ashamed glance at Dean and he freezes. Things hadn’t been perfect lately, Chuck was still around, and Sam had gotten pretty hurt just the day before. But Jack was back, they were on the mend, and as much as he tried to not read into it too much because the future was still way too blurry at this point, his blossoming relationship with Cas was giving him a new kind of hope. Of course the other shoe was about to drop.
Ever since, Dean has never been too far away from that room, but never actually crossed its threshold. Sam had been in, and had planned on cleaning up the blood sigil on the back of the door, as well as the few drops on the floor, but Dean had yelled had him, telling him he’d take care of it, and Sam hadn’t pushed. Dean knew he wanted to, that the quiet meals together and the afternoons looking for information on the Empty were already driving him crazy. That he was going on longer runs now, and spending more time on the phone with Eileen to distract himself from the fact that even though Chuck was gone, it felt like they weren’t moving on.
After a while, they pull apart, a little out of breath, but Dean immediately slots his head in the crook of Castiel’s neck, holding him even closer than before, not ready to let go. He waits until his breathing is back to normal before talking.
He didn’t have the countdown on his phone like Dean had, but the angel knew that they had been here for a long time and the rift would be closing soon. Most likely in less than an hour. He used to have a better grasp on time, and thinking about yet another consequence of his failing grace made him wince.
He was about to die anyway so he had nothing to lose. He wished he could have seen the angel’s face when reading the text though. He had wanted to tell him at the cemetery, when Cas hugged him. And again when Cas offered to come with him. To die with him. But everybody was around him and it was too intimidating. Even God was there, and the step was way too big for him to take it, even though he suspected Chuck to know about his feelings for the angel. So even if that made him the biggest coward ever created, it was easier that way.
“I’m fine” whispers Cas, barely audible. He comes closer to Dean, slowly backing him up against the door, giving him the time and opportunity to pull back, but he doesn’t. They just stare at each other closer than they’ve ever been. Dean is baffled and doesn’t understand what’s happening and but doesn’t have time to process what is happening when Cas frames his face with his hands, pushes their bodies together and kisses him, taking his breath away.
He helps Eileen wash the dishes after dinner, and then they hang out in the kitchen, drinking tea and exchanging stories. Eileen ends up faking a yawn after a while and Castiel smiles knowingly when she tells him that she should go find Sam and head to bed. He's glad they've found each other.
“I thought not interfering with them was for the best, but for a second, I forgot the pain losing you had caused them. And I didn’t realize that you were unhappy.”
“Of course, if there’s anything else you want to talk about, I’m here.” The angel adds, still holding him.
- “I went to check on Sam before going to bed. He still feels guilty about not trapping Chuck, you know? He felt like he needed to justify what happened and told me some of the stuff that Chuck showed him. Let’s just say I started having nightmares as soon as I closed my eyes.” He tries to laugh but only manages to make a strangled sound.
“You don’t need to apologize, Jack. I know your intentions were good.” Cas reassures him.
And at the same time, he felt so relieved because he had a destination. Because Cas was waiting for him and he wasn’t going to be alone anymore.
“Yeah, I guess I never realized that my bed was the comfiest in the bunker. I thought everybody had a memory foam mattress. We should get you one.”
, Castiel tries to reassure himself.
Once Jack had brought everybody who had been snapped away by Chuck back, they had stopped by Eileen’s first, and she had almost been suffocated to death by Sam’s big arms. She had promised to come visit them soon, explaining that she just wanted to give them some time to breathe after the big fight.
“What?” Surprised, he takes a step back to face the angel again. Their whole bodies aren’t touching anymore, but Dean can’t remove his hand from Castiel’s shoulder. He needs the touch to know he’s really here with him.
The angel leaned against a tree for support as he realized that he was shaking. Dean was alive and he was praying for the first time in months. He had sometimes felt the hunter’s longing as if he had been about to pray to him, but it had been a while since he had heard that voice so clearly, and with no hint of anger. He felt a wave a relief wash over him.
Castiel realized that Dean was going to ignore the note and decided to follow the instructions.
Dean slowly opened his eyes reveling in the feeling of being wrapped in the arms of the alpha of his dreams. The last two weeks had felt like a fantasy that he feared he would wake up from. They both admitted their feelings and then Castiel slowly took him apart on the roadhouse floor of all places. Clearly, Castiel was not the innocent and unknowledgeable alpha he’d seemed. He took Dean apart every night, basking in their joint scent and every sound he could pull from his body. The only part to concern him was the fact that Castiel wanted to wait to mate each other. Not getting mated on the roadhouse floor, although it would totally be Deans style, was understandable Castiel deserved something better than that.
What he couldn’t figure out is how he was going to fix this. Couldn’t Cas understand that he was doing it for them? He needed to be able to support his family, and this is what he was good at doing. This is what he was paid to do.
“I’m so glad you’re awake, Cas. I came home that night ready to apologize and I saw you laid out….I thought….it doesn’t matter what I thought, you’re awake now.” Dean placed his hand over Castiels' and gave a slight squeeze finally taking in that Cas had woken up and was still with him.
Cas smirked to himself and decided not to make himself known just yet, he wanted to wait and see what kind of response the woman gave. She wasn’t the first to hit on his alpha, Dean had always told him how bad he felt about the girls who purposely damaged their cars just to get a chance to tempt him.
Castiel scrolled through pictures of houses on either coast since he couldn’t decide maybe Aidan and Claire could make this choice for him. He knew it made no sense to let them have such weight on the decision but it's their life too.
“Papa!!! Did you know if you get a bow and arrow enchanted then you can use it hunt the giant monster?” Aidan babbled from the back seat of the SUV.
Castiel took a deep breath, the next few minutes would decide his next steps in his career path.
“Whatever Cassie. So you plan on going home soon or are you hiding out here all weekend? You know how your dream man gets when you disappear for too long.” Gabriel was cleaning up the mess he made instead of peering over at his brother. There was definitely some strong desire between Castiel and Dean, except they seemed to be the only ones not to know it. Anyone who spent time around them could see that they were both pining for each other, both too afraid to do anything about it. Gabe wanted to push, but the last time he pushed Cas into a relationship the chick turned out to be a nutcase who tried to kill his brother….
“So get this, I was talking to Dean and did you know those two idiots still aren’t mated?” Sam was sprawled across the couch with his head in Gabriel's lap.
“Knock, Knock” Cain walked into the door, in his scrubs which was an unusual sight. “Are you sure that you want to go through with this?”  Cain held his file in his hands. “Yes, I’ve made up my mind, this is the best option even if it's not
“He’s waking up!!” Dean is immediately standing at his side. “Cas? Cas baby please say something.” It was so quiet in that room you could hear a fly sneeze.
“Dean please tell me this is real, I’ve waited for this for so long.” Castiel sat up on his haunches looking down at Dean. “I don’t want this to be a one time thing. Please let me be yours forever.” Castiel ran his fingers through Deans hair.
Castiel used his time at the desk in between helping other students to go over the steps left in his life plan.  Next on the list was graduate school, at the rate he was going, he was definitely going to get a scholarship. With undergrad graduation happening so soon, he should start applying for every scholarship he could qualify for.
He could only hope Cas understood and no one else read the note or the plan would be over before it started and he and Dean would be in a world of trouble. Sam decided to stay for the entire run to make sure they were successful.
“Dean I have had a most vexing day, I don’t know how but it seems as most of these people forgot this is college and not elementary school the way they constantly whine.” Castiel walked into their bedroom and laid across the bed as he watched his fiancé get dressed in his pajamas for the evening. Impala print pants and a black Led Zeppelin t-shirt Castiel bought him as an engagement gift when they first moved.
“Great, I’ve got chili in the crockpot, its gonna be awesome” Dean slung his backpack over his shoulder and headed for the door.
“Dean come on open the door, I know you’re still in there.” Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, it was only Sam. Glad that he didn’t have to face Cas just yet, he let his moose of a brother in his room. “What’s up Sammy, where’s the fire?” Dean tried to put up a front but his brother saw right through it. “Cut the crap Dean, I don’t know what that was last night but you and Cas need to talk it out.” Sam paced back and forth in the room, it looked almost as if he was talking to himself.
The drive back home was long, silent and tense. Dean was so wrapped up in his own thoughts he hadn’t even bothered to play some music or at least turn on the radio to break up the heavy atmosphere. Sam had given up talking after he realized Dean wasn’t going to answer him no matter the subject he tried to breach.
Bath time
Another song I listened to while writing this was You Say by Lauren Daigle
Sam tries to talk some sense into his brother
Castiel couldn’t shake the feeling, then he realized why.
Aiden hopped out of his chair and put on his jacket, helped Claire into hers and shuffled her towards the door. Sam took in the scene in front of him and just shook his head. Dean was standing in the kitchen looking lost, Aiden was angry and Claire was just excited for school. Hopefully, she was too small to be affected by this mess of a situation.
“Mom, did you and Dad really bet on Dean and I ending up in a relationship?” At this point, Castiel was in shock.
*$*$*$*$*
“Big day Cas huh?” Dean bumped shoulders with the alpha now that he finally opened his eyes.
Castiel got into the room and sat the bags on the respective beds. Finally, with a second alone he decided to make a call.
“you know what the hell I mean, how did that……
You’ll be my sunny day, I’ll be your shade tree
Charlie turned very serious and made Deans eyes focus on hers.
Dean knew the point she was trying to make, his husband was currently in the hospital, and would be until he got a transplant and he was trying to run off and be a grease monkey. He didn’t know how to make her understand that he needed to
The only thing that kept Castiel from crumbling completely was having to take care of the children.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yea….I haven’t heard anything in a while I’m going to assume its safe, but just in case I’m taking my moose out the back door.” Gabriel grabbed Sam by the hand and all but dragged him out of the room.
“Yea papa she got it. Why are we still sitting here? Can’t we just drive across the grass? I can run across the grass so you should be able to drive on it right? Just like in the driveway.” Aidans brows furrowed as he thought out his logic, it all made sense to him.
Just as he was getting out of the shower he could hear the front door opening. Adrenaline began to pump as he slowly snuck into the closet for the gun safe.
Dean got the call the next day. There was an open spot in the shop and it was his if he wanted the position. Dean practically ran back down to the shop to shake the mans hand.  That night at dinner with Sam and the kids he shared the good news. Both Aiden and Claire screamed with joy. Although he wasn’t sure if they screamed for him or because he said he was taking everybody for ice cream to celebrate.
He had only two weeks to find the perfect song, make sure Jo had it on the karaoke list and most important, muster up the courage to sing it in front of his Cas.
There was a name number and time scribbled at the bottom. Cas must’ve used it to right down some appointment or something. It was only after he placed the book on the bed side table and closed his eyes did his brain process that the top of the pamphlet was for the Mayo Clinic.
“Umm yea Cas, I um… I made it for dinner.” Dean couldn’t help but feel a little giddy when he saw the sparkle in the alpha's eyes. Dean then walked over to the stove to draw Castiels eyes to the crumble placed there and turning his back to his bedroom door.
“Yes ma’am” Dean nodded with a smile on his face. Somehow his 6’1 husband managed to look like a 6yr old boy at that moment.
“Yea I know what you mean, so Jess wants to know when you’ll stop turning down her attempts to come up here and baby you.” Sam and Cas knew it was the last thing standing between her and convincing Sam that they are ready for a baby. “You know Sam, it’ll be easier for all of us if you just give in, you’re going to be a great father.” Sam looked down into his lap, his insecurities starting to surface. “That’s what everybody says but I don’t know. I mean what if I mess up? I didn’t exactly have the best example.” Sam always had the fear of turning out like..
That caught his attention. He hadn’t seen Aiden and Claire in so long. He just wanted to hold them. To love them. To hear their giggles, to hear Aiden and his snarky comments.
Unknown to him, Charlie recorded the whole rant. Step 1 of the plan complete.
I hope you guys are liking this, I'm trying not to make it too angsty but its gonna get worse before it gets better. Remeber comments are always welcome :-)
By the time Dean arrived in the school, they had managed to get Aiden to move into the counselors' office where she could watch him and still get work done.
Sam headed straight for Castiel. He knew this session would weight heavily on the man as to whether or not he’d made the right decision. At the bare minimum, Sam knew he could put him at ease, at best, he could give Castiel one more solid reason to fight his way back to his family.
“I don’t what Cas? Don’t get me wrong this whole day has been amazing, but I mean it's your graduation we should be doing things for you and I kind of feel selfish for taking you away from your family. We should be doing things you like and I mean….yea” Dean couldn’t quite find the words either. The waitress picked that moment to deliver their steaks. Both men welcomed the meaty aromatic distraction. Dean had though those steaks looked good on tv, it was nothing compared to having one sitting right in front of you.
Sorry I've been gone for a while. I have moved across the country, graduated college and now I'm on to the next stage of life. I will try to keep up with regular updates until the story has come to completion. I do hope you guys are still with me. I appreciate those that are still along for the ride.
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Was Cas cheating? Although Dean couldn’t blame him, Castiel was always too good for him. Dean started to wonder if Sam knew and he was pushing him to be better in the hopes that Cas wouldn’t leave. Of course Cas would leave, everybody left Dean eventually.
“Well honey I’m doctor Barnes and I believe that with a new plan we can help you work through some of those repressed emotions teach you to proper ways to focus and deal with them in the future.” Castiel wasn’t sure what she had planned but the fact that they were allowing him to stay after what happened, he wasn’t going to question much.
“Whatever Castiel, Dean-o has to be an imbecile to not be head over heels for you at this point. You changed what school you were going to, refused to live in a dorm and even started prematurely working just to ensure that the two of you could afford a place together. If he doesn’t start appreciating you for all you do I swear I’m going to bake him a pie full of laxatives.” Gabriels’ threat was far from empty, it wouldn’t be the first time that he had used his skillful baking to teach someone a lesson and Castiel suspected that it would be far from the last. Lord help anyone that decided to mate the very playful omega.
“Alright ladies and gentlemen!!!” Jo’s voice came up over the mike after she dropped off a couple milkshakes at the table next to Cas and Deans.
“Its Daddy!!!”
“—not from lack of trying.” Sam chuckled from his corner. He looked over at the small omega, well, small compared to him anyway. She was right, Gabe constantly flirted, brought him healthy snacks and treats. Not to mention that awesome date he planned for them a while back. Not taking a moment to let himself chicken out again Sam walked over to Gabriel, picked him up and kissed him.
West coast it is. Aidan likes the beach, he’ll only be made for a few days as long as we visit the beach soon after the move.
Dean heard the line click and slid the phone back in his pocket. He took a moment to wrap his head around what Sam had been saying to him. Sam clearly didn’t understand. He was doing this for the kids and for Cas. Once they had enough money, he would quit and take up a training position or even consulting.
“Would you two please sit patiently? I understand we’re not normally in the car for this long and you’re getting antsy. Just keep your hands to yourself.” Trying so hard to keep the edge out of his voice Cas attempted to keep the peace. It wasn’t their fault that there was standstill traffic and he hadn’t slept well during the few hours that he did get.
“Umm.. do you think it's weird that Dean hasn’t brought up mating since that night at the Roadhouse?” Castiel started shifting on his feet. His nerves wouldn’t let him stay still. There were so many scenarios running through his mind.
“Gabriel” Castiel put his hand on his brothers shoulder, making him jump a foot in the air. “Geeze Cassie, warn a guy before you scare the bejeezus out of him.” Knowing his little brother and his absolute loathing of the morning, Gabe didn’t expect a response, he merely reached over to the counter where a fresh cup of extra strong hot coffee was waiting for him in his mug shaped like a honey bee. Cas kept it here instead of at his own apartment for a few reasons, one, he didn’t want it to get broken when Dean and all of his rambunctious friends were watching football and he didn’t want Dean to make fun of him for it. Alphas don’t have such silly things.
“If you make it to 18, what do you want to do next?” Dean sat now with Cas in his lap. “I’m going to make it, there’s only time for 1 more run between now and when I graduate, with the pompous jerks that are participating now I’ll make it no problem.” Cas was hardly hiding his contempt for his newfound notoriety as the omega that can’t be claimed.
“Dean?” Castiels voice was rough as if he’d gargled rocks. “Hey Angel” Deans' voice cracked, he was on the edge of tears. “You still insist on calling me that.” If his voice wasn’t so weak, you’d be able to hear eye roll over the phone. “Well, you’re my guardian angel, Cas” Dean tried a flirty town but he was so busy holding back tears he ended up sounding like a 16yr old girl. “Dean, I can’t talk long but I wanted you to know that I’m awake and ok. Now I want you to do everything Jess says. Don’t make me sick Ellen on you.” Dean knew this was a real threat. Out of town or not Ellen would gladly fly in to give Dean some enforced resting time. “I will Cas. You rest now ok?” There was a bit of a shuffle on the other side of the phone before the call disconnected.
run that they decided to begin dating, in secret of course.
“Yes, now my question I want you to think about is this. Why did you trust her more than your husband….Dean?” Pam sat her notebook back on her desk and helped him with his gloves. She constantly did things like this. Leave a floating question in the air, one that would get him worked up. One that would lead to him having word vomit and flow of emotions he didn’t know what to do with.
Sam stuffed Lisa into her car and waited for Gabe to come out with her purse. A few minutes later Gabe rounded the building strolling into the parking lot looking rather proud of himself. Sam grabbed the purse from him and threw it onto the passenger seat.
So lost in his own inner turmoil he didn’t hear Jess call his name nor see her standing in front of him with a sandwich and the telephone. Only when she set down the plate and snapped her fingers in front of his glazed over eyes did he come back to reality.
“Sammy!! Lenox!!”
“Well hello Sasquatch, I figured you wouldn’t want to see this in person. What do you want? Gabriel glanced up at Sam forgetting how even though he was younger, Sam was significantly taller.
A few tears fall down his cheeks
Being the brother-in-law of one of the most respected doctors in the hospital has its perks. Sam managed to get Cas his own dialysis machine at home along with his favorite nurse doing home visits for every treatment. Although Dean was sure Sam only asked Missouri to do home visits because he saw how much Dean was rattled by her. Cas, however, was enamored with the woman and her motherly tough love.
Gabriel didn’t say anything after that and Castiel was appreciative, he needed time to think. Was Dean waiting for some huge romantic gesture? Would Dean even want something like that? As much as he denies any sentimental moments, Cas knows that Dean loves to watch romantic comedies and always seems to get choked up at the climax when the main character finally confessed their love in some over the top way.
*$*$*$*$*
“Claire calm down and let your brother answer you. Did she guess correctly?”
“is daddy going to come to help us?” Claire chimed in before Castiel could answer Aidens question.
“Umm…where are we going to sleep?” Aiden walked around the house poking at all the boxes, reading some of the labels. Castiel couldn’t help but chuckle at the expression on the boy's face. Talk about a carbon copy of his father.
Castiel waited until everyone was otherwise occupied and snuck away to the beach house that seemed to stay in the distance.
“So get this, Gabe just invited us to the roadhouse to eat when we get back. Think you’re up to it?” Dean was so deep in his own thoughts he didn’t hear a word Sam had said. “Dean!”
Sam had told Dean before that there was no such thing as the perfect job or perfect amount of money. If Dean didn’t get his act together, he was going to lose the man and family that he worked so hard to have.
“Cas you don’t have to go, yeah what happened will make things a little weird at first but I-
Charlie: Around 4?
but baby I, must be doing something riiiight"
“No Dean you don’t get it, he’s an omega, which means his parents are making him do an omega run!!! They’re going to mate him off to some creepy old man that thinks its fine to chase down boys!! We’ve got to help him, he’s too young to be claimed.” Sam broke out those puppy dog eyes one more time.
“Sick? A cold doesn’t make people keep secrets and have weekend getaways, Char, you don’t have to lie for him its ok. I knew it was only a matter of time before he wised up and decided he deserved someone better than me.” Dean was so quick to degrade himself he hadn’t even really put any thought to what Charlie had told him.
“Cas, so don’t be mad at me but I looked into your records and I noticed that you were adopted, do you know anything about your birth family?” Sam was trying to broach the subject gently.
“What a noble decision for an alpha such as yourself Castiel, however, could a young student such as myself, repay you for such a selfless act? Maybe dinner, tonight, at my place?” Cas couldn’t help but notice as the blush crept up her cheeks. Hannah was a sweet beta girl that he’s known had a crush on him since their freshman year, she was pleasing to the eye but just not what his inner alpha desired. Her scent was all wrong, too much sweet apple, no spice, and some lavender which managed to turn his nose.
Castel kissed Dean on the cheek and headed for the room. He changed quickly in the hopes he could help Dean in the kitchen.
The relationship he shared with his children was improving. Between using the advice he’d been given by Missouri, and the words of his brother Sam, Dean started building bridges and lifetime memories. He finally started to understand what Cas meant when he said the children don’t care about how much money is spent, they care about the time. Claire didn’t care how much he spent on the supplies, she just enjoyed drawing on the path with chalk. Although hesitant, Aiden was receptive to helping make breakfast for dinner. (He was in charge of making the toast).
“Cas, maybe it was a misunderstanding, there's got to be a real reason for the call.” Sam was on a business trip in NYC meaning it was even farther into twilight time for him.
After Castiel walked away, an older woman came and sat in the chair that had once been Deans spot. “You know not many people willingly make a trip as a third wheel with a mated couple. I’m Mildred, but my friends call me Millie handsome.” She winked at him and caused Sam to blush.
The shift in Deans demeanor didn’t go unnoticed by Cas, he felt horrible knowing he was the reason behind the shift.
“Whoa, full name this is serious. So I figure there are two ways you can play this bro. One- you could tell him how you feel cause let’s be honest, times running out on that front. Two- you could stay in denial about it and end up miserable with whoever the family forces you to mate while you watch him settle down with someone else.” Castiel cringed, he wouldn’t be able to watch someone else be the reason Dean smiled. “Or Three- and this is my personal favorite- get Charlie to help you set up some nerdy elaborate courting proposal so he’ll have no choice but to say yes. I mean you’re a nice piece of alpha ass. There’s no way it wouldn’t work.”
and lean into my kiss
Omega run number seven, now Cas was in his last year of high school, had managed a scholarship and would soon be 18. All he had to do is survive one more run then he would be able to have a choice; he’d be able to say no to any more runs forced on him by his parents. He could actually choose his mate.
Castiel sighed and wiped a hand down his face. “Alright, so I had a small number of schools that I’d gotten a scholarship to and a shorter list of those that my parents deemed acceptable.” Castiel took a deep breath and looked over at Dean. “I chose the school I did because I didn’t want to leave behind my friends.” Castiel looked over at Dean. He was blushing and Dean seemed to be doing the same.
Castiel knew she was right but he just couldn’t find it within him to really care. He’d already shown what type of excuse for a husband and father he was by trying
“That’s Hershey Park, we’re going there tomorrow. This is Chocolate World, now we’re not here for a tour..”
move he was a part of but only the 3
“Charlie I know! Alright, I know! Leaving was stupid but I couldn't just…” Dean covered his face in his hands, hunched over on the couch while Charlie sat with her arms folded across her chest.
“So Sam, what has got you so antsy?” Castiels eyes shifted between the two and before the words could even get out of Sams’ mouth, the smile on Jessica’s face gave the secret away. “Oh my god you’re pregnant!!!” Jess jumped up and wrapped Cas in a big hug practically climbing into his lap. Sam came around and engulfed both of them with his moose arms. “I’m so happy for the two of you!! So am I the first to find out?” Cas had his suspicions but he needed it confirmed so he didn’t accidentally spill the beans.
Just when Castiel was about to call it quits, he heard the announcer call out what the next song was, no doubt there was some group of girls about to relive their teen pop days.
Part of Castiel worried that Dean would pick the extension over the marriage, not taking his threat seriously. Another part worried Dean would take the extension because he didn’t care. All of his insecurities were coming back, it had been years since they were so prominent in his life. It was Dean that had convinced him they were nonsense but were they?
For someone as well trained as Dean, he should have seen it coming. Sams fist connected with his jaw knocking him to the ground. Sam gave him a swift kick to the ribs before security was able to intervene.
A noise behind him caught his attention. Castiel turned to see a moment of his life playing like a movie trailer.
Intervention!!!
“Yea, I managed to talk them out of selling you to the highest bidder. It helped that dad was barely on board with that idea but it didn’t stop mom from trying to start a bidding war. I figure at least with a run you have a chance.” Gabe shrugged his shoulders, being a beta teenager himself he could only do so much for Cas. If he tried to run with Cas he’d be arrested for kidnapping and then Cas would probably get sold off anyway.
Dean reached and lifted the lid to reveal two pb&j cookies and bacon cheese fries.
Ellen picked up her cell and started dialing the second she stepped out of the room.
Their wedding wasn’t going to be a big affair, Castiel didn’t want his family involved at all. They went up to San Francisco for the weekend with Sam and a few of Castiels’ new friends, Gabriel flew in for the weekend. The ceremony was short and sweet right in the middle of the golden gate bridge. They spent the rest of the weekend taking in the sights and enjoying each others company.
Sam paced the halls of the ward while he talked things over with Jess. ”Yes honey, I know that it's not my choice if you donate your kidney or not but I’m not sure that’s a good idea because we want children.” It was clear to anyone who was nearby that this was a conversation that he was losing, spectacularly. Jess on the other end was having this discussion mostly out of consideration for Sam, she was holding the results in her hand and had yet to open them. If she was a match for Cas there would be no hesitation and Sam would just have to deal with whatever consequences or side effects it caused.
It was only about 20-30 minutes later that the small-framed boy came sliding into the hideout.
“Hey, Charlie you busy?... I need your help with something.” Dean hung up the phone and made sure he had his wallet in his favorite jacket and went out the door to wait for Charlie to pick him up.
“Well,… Mr. Novak shes not wrong. Whatever pups they have will be gorgeous. They both look like models. And the way they’re COMPLETELY IGNORING THE REST OF US I doubt it’ll be too long before Gabe and I have to plan a baby shower.” The rest of the table broke into laughter finally startling the couple out of their little bubble.
Thank you for helping me, I know Sam put you up to this
Castiel made himself a bowl and went back to his room. Dean hadn’t protested being handed the parental reigns and Castiel was not going to hesitate to take a moment for himself. He spent a gloriously long time letting the heat from the water melt his strained muscles. The chili warmed him from within. Castiel almost fell asleep but he was disturbed by high pitched screams. Dean must be trying to wash her hair, it never went well.
“Deal!” Dean yelled out and almost looked as shocked as Gabriel by his answer.
“Dude, I thought this place didn’t open up for another hour?” Sam was confused, the parking lot was packed. So much so that he was concerned that there wouldn’t be a booth or table available and he was not willing to sit on a bar stool after being stuck in the car for so long.
“Who is going first?” Gabriels eyebrows danced.
“Just a few threats that I’m sure he has no problem following through on should he deem it necessary. So what brings you around this time?”
Dean had been tense ever since the word transplant had been uttered. Cas laid across the couch and watched his husband fuss around in the kitchen making a dinner neither one of them were going to eat. Cas knew this was a way for Dean to work things out in his head before he was ready to talk.
“Dean I can tell you everything I know about what is wrong with Cas, I’ve been researching. I put him in contact with one of the top specialists in the country, he owed me a favor from back in college so it's all pro bono.” Sam started thumbing through the stack of books on his desk, any and every treatment that had to do with the kidneys, a case study file was spread across his desk. If my research is right, we caught it early meaning this isn’t a death sentence, we can get Cas through this. As with any serious illness, the key to survival and recovery is the mentality.”
“What are you standing around for Cas? Hand me your bag and hop in the front before the moose.”
“After looking over the notes from your previous sessions I have decided that we need to make this a ‘whole body’ experience.”
“So Dean donated $40 towards our night. Meaning he knows he’s in trouble when I talk to him. So are you finally going to tell me where you’re taking me?” Sam glanced over at Gabriel hoping to get a hint. Gabriel had an uncontrollable sweet tooth, so he hoped wherever they went there were some healthy options to go along with whatever dessert Gabriel was going to get.
“There you are, now let's get you to your room, you love looking at that view, and that husband of yours was real specific that you had a good view of the garden.” The nurse set Castiel down in a chair near the window and draped his favorite blanket over him.
“Now precious, our time is up for today but I want you to let that simmer for another 2 hours before you eat that with a little sour cream I left in the fridge. I can come back Thursday or Friday which one would you like?” Missouri pulled her card out and left it on the counter in front of him. “When you decide you call and let me know okay baby?”
Lisa finished zipping her pants and smirked.
“No sweetie, that’s illegal and it will hurt the car. We don’t want that to happen do we?” The traffic finally started to inch forward. Castiel ended up taking the long way around the neighborhood to get to the school, both kids were still a little late but not as much as they could have been. A few minutes shouldn’t be a problem.
Deans whole day at the auto shop was filled with personally servicing police cruisers. He was thankful for the distraction, it helped burn time until he could run home and shower then go visit his angel. Everyday wore on Dean as he watched Castiel slowly deteriorate, he’d never let Cas see how bad it affected him though. Jess told him last week when she invited him to their barbeque for the holiday that he needed to stay strong, even if it was only in front of Cas.
“I trusted Ellen….I trusted Ellen because I believed she had no ulterior motive in helping me. She just wanted to help. There was no obligation, no expectation, no judgment in her eyes.”
“We both know that’s not true, he would go to the ends of the earth for you Cas. Dean adores you, he acts like you practically created the suns, stars, and the moon and you know that.” Sams heart was breaking little by little as he watched Cas resign himself to dealing with this situation on his own.
Deans alarm clock went off at god awful early as was his usual. He tried his best not to wake Cas when he got up for work in the mornings but he just couldn’t help giving him a kiss goodbye. The only difference was today Cas didn’t stir like he usually did. Instead of the normal body shift and eventual wake-up, he grimaced and rolled away like he had just been poked in his face by an offensive tree branch.
Dean walked over and looked through his messages and missed calls, Charlie had been trying to get ahold of him for hours, there must be something up with the shop. “Hey Jess looks like Charlie is having a meltdown, I gotta get back to the shop!!” Dean yelled up the stairs so his sister-in-law would know he hadn’t disappeared. Jess came back down with a determined look on her face.
If she said anything else he didn’t hear. Zoned out, his mind floated away from reality. The darkest fears that he had yet to banish at the forefront of his mind. Conjuring up his worst thoughts, his worst fears. No matter how impossible, implausible. The scenes played in his mind like he was watching a movie, a movie only he could see or hear. Scenes played out around him as if he were there but at the same time, he had no control.  He was being dragged through these foreign moments filled with familiar touches.
Dean shook his head, he had to get his thoughts straight before they got in the car of his scent would be a blaring neon sign for his arousal. Wrong thing to have when going into public places.
“Umm… I don’t really remember Gabriel.” Castiel lied, he didn’t want to tell the process.
“Cas buddy how are you feeling today?” Charlie slid into one of the chairs next to his bed. She pulled out some of his favorite novels from her bag along with his laptop. She knew that sick or not, if the urge to write hit, he’d need to get it out somehow.
“So what we are going to do is play a game of truth or dare. We get to pick all the dares and truths and you two bitches just might get a mate out of the deal.” Charlie took over Gabriels' spot with a stack of index cards in her hand.
“yea whatever jerk. Okay so if we leave in the next hour we can do the behind the scenes chocolate tour today, what do you think?” Sam looked up at Dean only to notice his brother was lost in his own thoughts. It didn’t take a genius to figure out exactly what had him being so reflective these days. He hoped inviting Castiel along on their spring break trip would give those two the push they finally needed.
Sometimes a little peace is necessary
“Look, I don’t do chick flick moments, Cas knows that. He knows how I feel, I mean I shouldn’t have to get all touchy-feely for it. Anyway, there’s no rule that says I have to make all the big gestures in the relationship. If he wants something more, he should say something, ya know?” Dean shrugged while he tried to justify his position of non-action.
“Thought we lost you for a minute there…” Cain actually has a smile on his face trying to bring levity to the seriousness of the situation.
“They’d be an idiot not to want you, you’re a great guy and you smell amazing, just like the air before a thunderstorm, or right after it rains. So fresh and clean but heady at the same time.” Dean was too lost in his own thought to notice the arousal blossoming in his own scent and the alpha arousal responding.
She didn’t bother to slow down when she reached the spread-out beach towel; she jumped in his lap to make sure he got an up-close look.
“umm... I guess I should get this over with so we can get the fuck out of here.” Dean took a deep breath and fumbled with his hands.
When Dean came back from the bathroom and immediately brushed past the woman to sweep Castiel up in his arms getting lost in his lips. She lost all confidence and stomped out of the shop yelling to call her when her car was ready.
“Invite somebody else? You trying to bring a girl along Sammy?” Dean smirked as he watched his brother dig out a rubber tipped dart from the box and a marker from his bag. “Not a girl necessarily, I mean like just our friends that don’t have anything else to do. The more, the merrier right?” Sam still hadn’t made eye contact with his brother. Fidgeting as his mind worked to find a way to suggest bringing Cas along.
Gabriel looked over in time to see the sparkle in Sams' eyes, this was his favorite restaurant. In spite of a rocky start at least he’d gotten this part right.
"Yea and the best guarded." Charlie spoke up from her spot at the table.
As Charlie went on to relay the series of events that unfolded earlier that day, Sam could do nothing but roll his eyes at his brothers’ antics. How in the world could Dean think Cas would cheat? Those two idiots were made for each other more than they ever realize.
“Hey Charlie, so… Cas and I talked and well... I’m taking all of next of next week off of work, Cas needs me..”
Cas went through his normal day.
“But there is blame to be placed!!” Castiel yelled harder than he intended.
Ellen sat on the edge of the bed and gently shook one of his ankles to gain his attention.
“yea, hold on.” Dean grumbled as he walked back to his room to grab the ring he spent forever to find for Cas.
Dean stood there dumbfounded. He didn’t know whether to correct Aiden for yelling at an adult, cry because this was obviously his fault, or profusely apologize for not being papa, and being the reason he wasn’t there. After the outburst, Aiden seemed to have gone limp. Dean finished putting Aiden in the harness and closed the door.
Claire would cling to him in desperation and force him to wear makeup and he’d do it for the rest of his life if it meant he kept his family.
“You’re naming him after me? I don’t even know what to say.” Dean was still in shock.
“Mmm, good morning my precious.” Castiel squeezed Deans body closer into his chest.
“You’re clearly not fine, you two barely have said two words to each other all night. Not to mention that you’re not sickeningly sweet and adorable like you two usually are.” Sam tried to keep his voice down but the look he gave his brother was broadcasting his worry. “We’re fine, I’ve just been tired that’s all. Besides we cant all be in perpetual puppy love, like you and Jess.” Sam rolled his eyes, clearly, his brother was trying to deflect the real issue.
“Hey, Missouri Sam and I are just on our way to visit Cas. It feels like it's been so long since I’ve seen him.” Sam rolled his eyes, its only been about 4 days since Jess was able to visit Castiel and baby him. “Well don’t let me hold you up, go on and share the good news with him, it’ll brighten his day.” Missouri just winked and walked away.
“Dean-o what would you say was the best day of your high school career?” Dean smiled because this was an easy question.
Glancing around the room Castiel noticed that this wasn’t the same office he’d been in before. This office was less ‘clinical’ there was a colorful rug on the floor, a yoga mat laid out by the window and a punching bag hanging from the ceiling in the corner.
Dean made his way up the stairs and pushed the door to the study. “Cas, sweetheart you in here?” The computer was off and the room was dark. Dean closed the door and decided Cas probably was on a run to the store. Dean grabbed a beer and plopped on the couch to wait.
The whirlwind of doctors, nurses, and equipment that swept into the room almost crushed him against the wall. One nurse ushered him out as they started to work out what was happening.
“You’ve been talking to Charlie. What exactly prompted such a conversation.” Not that Cas didn’t appreciate the new attention being given, he just knew his best friend, she had to fix things, always.
Sorry, it been so long since there was an update. I'm three weeks away from college graduation for my BS so I'm working hard and stressed out about every assignment. I will work on getting on a regular schedule for those of you still with me on this story. I hope you guys do enjoy the update.
Romantic things always came easy for Sam, why couldn't it be the same for Dean?
“Why should I help you?” Gabriel was going to help his brother anyway that he could, but he was more curious as to what had happened in the last 24-hrs that required penance.
Pam walked Castiel over to the punching bag first.
We both know how he’d take it. I can’t do that to him, but I can’t stand by for much longer and let him hurt the children.”
Dean and Sam sat across from each other at the dining room table after putting the kids to bed. Neither really knew what to say. Both feeling guilty beyond measure. Dean knew all of this was on him. If he’d just been a better husband and better provider; then none of this would have happened. Sam knew it was his fault for not seeing the signs. It was almost textbook red flags that he ignored because of what? He was so self-absorbed that he helped Castiel break away from the world without actually noticing what was happening right in front of him with each new piece of paperwork that he filed.
It was moments like these that Castiel would try to focus on every part of Dean, the sparkle in his emerald eyes when he was up to no good, the lines around his mouth that only form in a true smile. His strong jaw. His broad shoulders that broadcast his feelings. Muscular arms wrapped in his favorite grey Henley. His physique clearly from hard work. Calloused hands that are amazing working out tense shoulder muscles.
“More?” Cas peaked up from his book, he hadn’t left his room since his mother announced he would be going on a run the day before.
Ellen walked in just in time to see him trying to pull out his own IV.
“You wanted to…never mind. Aidan has a spelling test today and Claire is building mailboxes for the class party next week, they can’t miss. I have special orders that only I can do today and my boss doesn’t know that you exist because I don’t talk about my personal life at work! We can’t just reorganize our schedules because you decide to grace us with your presence!!!” By the end Castiel was standing and leaning over the table, both hands firmly planted on the solid cherry wood.
Although living on a farm… maybe…
the woods, technically I was…under them.” Cas began to chuckle at the childishly simple plan that had worked for so many years. The plan that he had no way to thank his best friend for making happen for him. The plan that helped him realize the alpha he’d wanted all this time was right in front of him.
,  to your front door first thing in the morning. Is that acceptable?” Gabriel knew this would be more than enough but after Sams threats, he would go to the moon and back to make things right.
“You and I are going to spend the day together at my place. I have some of those peanut butter cookies that you’ve been in love with so much lately and we are going to binge watch
Lost in his own thoughts Dean fell asleep on the couch. The fact that he had curled around the pillow that was doused in Castiels scent, well that was nobody’s business.
“Kicking you out? That’s news to me, honey, I’m here because I'm better suited to help you going forward.” She seemed very relaxed, and comfortable in the space as if it were her own living room. “Now the stereotypical ‘
That voice was getting louder these days
“Dean? Please tell me I don’t recognize that scent.” Sam walked out of the kitchen with a bag of chips and an angry and concerned look on his face. “Tell me you didn’t do what I think you did and especially not with
Sam walked out of the room leaving Dean alone with his own spiraling thoughts.
Never having been there himself he expected the worst. He expected to drive up to a building that reminded him of a penitentiary, barbed-wire fences, metal detectors, and armed guards included. Sam double-checked his GPS when he pulled up to what could have been confused for a plant nursery next to a hotel. The sign by the door reassured him that he was in the right place. After signing in and being escorted to the common room Sam got his first glimpse of the brother in law he had not seen in a considerable amount of time.
Dean heard the creak of his bedroom door and when he looked up to see his moose of a brother with his hands over Lisa’s mouth as Gabe shoved her towards the door. His chest tightened.
“Shh, I already put the kids to bed don’t wake them up!!!” Castiel kept his voice barely above a whisper but it was useless. Little feet were already thundering down the stairs.
“Sam are you okay?” Cas noticed the uneasy look on Sams' face. He’s normally very level headed but his insecurities are getting the best of him. “Cas man, I don’t know. How am I going to do this? I don’t know how to be a dad.” Sam sat in the now empty chair and put his face in his hands. “Sam, you are going to be a great dad. You’re compassionate, smart, strong and loving. You will be just fine.” A reassuring hand on his shoulder helped sooth his current insecurities. Sam looked up at his brother-in-law and smiled, somehow Cas always knows the right things to say. “Thanks, Cas, I’m sure Missouri will be here soon for you and I’ve got to get started on my rounds.” Sam stood up giving Cas one more hug before leaving the room.
“Hmm.. okay Grades.” Dean barely even showed that he acknowledged her. “I’m great there, might even pull Deans list this semester.”
Not one to stick around in case they were heard, Dean searched the body for anything useful making sure to take the contract with him and proceeded to slip out of the house. He was done, he was going home and it didn’t matter if God himself tried to stop him.
Castiel spent his day mostly in a daze, the doctors and nurses came in and out doing their checks.
“Hey Dean, so get this, I found some case studies on Cas’ condition. Things are really on his side. I’m not saying things can’t go bad, I’m just saying he’s more than likely got a really good shot to get past this and be able to live a normal life.”
“I’ll think about it.” The only words Ellen was able to get out of him that day.
Castiel went straight for the parking lot. Already waiting for him was Dean leaned against the beauty that was the Impala. “Hey, Mr. Graduate.” Deans smile was so bright and pure it warmed Castiels very soul. “Hello, Dean.” Castiel couldn’t resist he had to kiss those lips before the day started.
was ready.
But now we call against the tide
As the session progressed, Dean slumped lower and lower in his chair. He fought the tears for about the first five minutes then they fell against his will. He didn’t make a sound but was obviously shattered by everything he heard. Not only the words but the visual. His husband, the man he was supposed to love, cherish, and protect was ranting and raving like a mad man. Dean had pushed him to that. Dean had pushed the once lighthearted, candy- making angel too far and he had broken the beautiful person he had once been.
“I know Jess, you’re right, you’re right. I just worry I’ve seen things like this go wrong so many times and I don’t know what I would do if I lost you.” Sam slumped against the wall outside of his patients' room. “I have to go see my patient but please just at least let me know if you’re a match before you go signing away pieces of yourself?” Whatever answer she gave made Sam chuckle as he tucked his cell phone into his pocket.
*$*$*$*$*
Once downstairs, Cas headed for the pantry to grab the necessary items. “No, you go have a seat Cas. I think I can manage to put together a sandwich.” Dean ushered Cas to a chair and gave him that million-dollar smile that always made Cas melt. Although the concern in his eyes didn’t escape Castiels attention, Charlie had told Dean something, if not everything.
“Castiel, hey um… how are you?”
Sam pressed the call button on the wall to let someone know that Castiel had woken up.
Castiel took the time in the shower. His mind kept those previous moments playing on a constant loop. He tried to remember every bit of Deans face gauging every possible reaction he could’ve had and what every muscle twitch could have possibly meant. He contemplated calling Gabriel, but he knew his brother would only respond with raunchy comedy and go get him alpha neither of which was helpful.
Castiel knew that last one was Gabriels’ way of getting him to laugh just a little. Stressing out would only bring tension into the room and no doubt Dean would assume it was his fault. While not technically incorrect, he’d definitely take it the wrong way.
“okay, so what kind of questions do you guys have for these two? You know its going to take practically a miracle to make this work.” Sam grabbed the cards out of Charlies hands and started thumbing through them. He was genuinely surprised. These were well thought out, non-vulgar and tricky questions. It just might work.
“Gabe….you know I’m not one to judge but are you wearing a purse? And are you wearing some sort of perfume? I swear just one whiff and I’m getting a headache.” Cas put his hands on the counter and looked at his brother confusingly. Gabe hadn’t had a purse in his hands when he walked in, or maybe he did. Clearly, the night needed to be over for him.
The day of the 7
Sam was more shocked that the next scent to assault his senses was omega slick. Before he could utter one word, Dean was up and out running back to his room.
Dean started to hyperventilate and went into a full panic attack.
Dean laid in his bed wide awake next to the girl that was his ‘flavor of the week’. This was a misnomer as lately, all the girls seemed to look the same, brunettes with blue eyes and a slim, sporty build. He was making his way through the volleyball and softball player at an alarming rate. Dean knew that they were only cheap imitations of the one person that he truly wanted but he never would truly let himself admit it.
It took Charlie a little while, but she found the virus, fixed the firewall and restored everything the virus touched. Charlie checked over all of her files and any new info that happened to find its way into her hard drive. The only thing new was Lucifers test results. “Shit, he’s not a match either.” Charlie hadn’t told anyone she was having him tested and it worked in her favor, now she was the only one to be disappointed. She hadn’t noticed the picture she kept on her desk of Dean and Cas was gone.
“I…..” Dean couldn’t make I contact. “I’ve been offered to extend for another 6 months” Deans closed his eyes and just waited for the fury to be unleashed on him.
“Yea, Sammy. He made it to the fort in about 20 minutes and its pretty deep in the woods, I think as long as he doesn’t get lost or they don’t change the forest he’ll be just fine.” Dean walked up to his room without even stopping to allow for a full conversation with his brother.
“I’m not one to trash talk anyone. I’m a firm believer in everybody should march to the beat of their own drum, but she’s….” Charlie searched for the right word to explain how she felt about the one woman that had twisted Dean up so bad he was only a shell afterward.” Well, you saw what he was like when he first moved in with Castiel.
"OKay so, I know this isn't the most romantic place in the world, but I have something special planned for you. I just hope you like it." Dean grabbed Cas's hand as they got out of the car and pushed through the doors.
The longer he sat and woke up, the more he started to notice.  His boots were missing, meaning so was his lucky knife, whatever they used to tie his hands was not the same material used on his legs and there are enough bottles in this room to fund both kids college funds plus some. Just by looking at the construction of the place he’d only need a few and he could be set for life.
“Gabriel!!!! Gabe!! GABE!!!!” Sam called out trying not to draw too much attention to himself, he didn’t want to seem suspicious. It wasn’t unusual for alphas too young to participate to come and watch an omega run, so his presence wasn’t out of the ordinary.
When the documentary was over Dean lifted a sleeping Cas in his arms and carried him to bed. When he laid Cas down, his shirt lifted just enough to reveal the scars on both sides of his body still red but faded. Dean wished he could have been able to protect his husband from all of the pain, but he never got his test results. He tucked Cas in the blanket before he sat on the bed next to him.
Dean had a lot to figure out and plenty of time alone to do it.
People hearing about the situation at home, have constantly told him how strong he is, but he sees the looks of pity the teachers give when they think he’s not looking. The confused looks he gets when people he sees every day find out randomly that he is in fact married and has children. Castiel rarely speaks of them while he is at work. This is his space, a place he can just be him. At the candy shop, he’s not the dad, he’s not the abandoned husband, he’s just Cas. He learned that if he shaves he can actually blend in with the other young workers.
“Yes, we did.” Castiel sat on Dean's lap. “I could tell you all about the farmers market where I had a gluten-free seafood crepe, or about the museum that I found but I know those don’t particularly interest you.” Castiel ran his fingers through Deans' hair. “What I want to know is how many times did you have to listen to
Cas eyes darted around the room, the only sound to break the silence was the sound of his own breathing. He wished Dean could be here with him, but he knew the amount of pressure Dean was under. There was no way that he could add to his problems. After all, the results could come back negative and then he would have added more stress to him for nothing. No it would be better for everyone if no one knew until he was certain that there was something to worry about.
“Sam” Dean couldn’t say much more his voice was already starting to break like his heart which was shattering more with every minute.
“It's not stupid, its logic.” Cas tried to defend himself without giving away his idea. “Well I’ve heard the statement but that’s not always the way it works out. Do I need to remind you of that husband of yours?” Missouri didn’t have time to stay just yet, she started towards the door but left behind one good piece of advice. “Castiel? Whatever you’re thinking of doing, try and imagine Dean doing the same to you and think of how you would react. I’ll be back around lunch for our walk.” Missouri always had a way of being deep but only saying a few words.
“Yup everything is all set ready for you to woo your crazy omega right into bed.” Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows at Castiel just to make him laugh. “Relax bro, the hard part is done now you get to have the fun part. I’ll take care of mom and dad. We’ll see you tomorrow hopefully sporting a fresh bite.” Gabriel took the robe and headed off towards the crowds of people.
On the drive home, Castiel contemplated what Sam had asked of him. He knew it wasn’t fair to Sam to keep this a secret. Cas used the Bluetooth to dial Deans cell, he can tell him over dinner, if he can get Dean to come home.
*$*$*$*$*
“No seriously Cas, what’s next for you?” Dean needed to know so he could figure out where he fits into Castiels life. “Well first, I think you mean “for us”, but ideally I’d go to college but I know my parents haven't saved anything, they figured I’d have been caught and claimed years ago.” Cas rolled his eyes and went on to talk about which would be his dream schools.
Charlie sat back from her computer giving Gabriel her full attention. “Dude, I said I got it all set. The camera is there, TVs all set. Talked to my LARP group and they’re ready. We just gotta get them there. Don’t worry, this
Although it was only a few feet from the stairs to the dining room where his husband was waiting, Dean felt like he was walking a million miles. Every scenario in his mind told him that this talk was not about to go well. He had a 1 in about 15 billion chance. Not good odds
“Hey, how are you doing I’m Dr. Loki.” A short brown haired doctor walked into Cas’ room as he was ending a phone call with Jess.
“Dean-o, Hows it going? Stupid question I can smell how it's going.” Gabriels' eyebrows did a suggestive dance. ”Just consider me your personal redo button. I’m here to fix it all before my poor brother gets home.” Dean stood holding the door open with his mouth hanging open. Just before he pushed it closed his baby brother, Sam came in the door.
Unlike the days before Castiel slept, hard. There was something about Dean being home that helped him not be as on edge when it came to every noise the house would make. Castiel opened his eyes and the sun was already up
“You’re not fine, Samuel.” The younger Winchester disagreed with concern and guilt rising in his voice as he knew the boy’s body language when he wasn’t actually alright after spending a few weeks around him. “You and your brother said it’s not my fault. It’s my fault, if I did what I was supposed to, Heaven wouldn’t have used either of you.”
He didn’t know a lot of demon blood addictions, but he knew that irritability, hallucinations, and death were possible with different human drug addictions. These hallucinations weren’t like the ones from the psychedelic drugs Sam took in recreation. The oldest Winchester brother told Danny that he’d rather have a bad trip from one of his psychedelics any day than experience one of the hallucinations from the blood withdraws ever again.
“Of course.” The kid answered with a nod. “I’ll bring them over to you guys.”
“Because we’re humans.” Dean said, pulling out another fake ID and stashed it into the present angel’s coat, then adjusting that and his tie. Cas, present or future, took his breath away. “And when humans want something really,
“I’m in no shape to be hunting. I need to step back, ‘cause I’m dangerous. Maybe it’s best we just...go our separate ways.” The younger Winchester explained, and Dean seemed to consider it.
“Stop it, boys!” The boys' grandmother said firmly in her German accent. “You need to be ready for when the angel gets here.”
“Deputy Framingham?”
3 “Don’t you have preparations to make?”
“Yes, that’s correct.” Castiel answered, then stumbled. “Myself from the past should’ve already borrowed Dean’s…
The twenty-four-year-old looked to see if anybody needed any help, while relieved knowing his brother and sister-in-law were still peacefully sleeping over there. He was about to approach the table and checked to see if he could be of any assistance before his namesake came over.
The young woman at the table appeared more worried than anything and she sighed. She had long, curly dark brown hair, hazel eyes, and tanned skin dressed in a simple light blue V-neck t-shirt and light brown skinny jeans with a deep frown on her face. She looked around the age as Sam was, or a little older than him, and the shortest out of all three of them.
“Where you going?” He heard his namesake ask her.
Dean walked through an empty cabin, looking through John’s journal. He set it on the table and turned toward present Cas, who was holding a ceramic jar. “Where’ve you been?” He asked.
realize that he was making the hero Sam uncomfortable? His namesake didn’t seem to think himself worthy of his important status, and out of respect, the young man reframed from mentioning it.
Time for episode three!
Dean, Ellen, his namesake, and Rebekah were ready to put their plan into action. They waited to grab Jo and Rufus, who presumably had Sam and the kid, outside of one of the houses two of them were grabbed earlier. His namesake and Rebekah watched Jo and Rufus load up shotguns in another room and were to give him and Ellen the cue to grab them. According to the details Cas gave the time-travelers about this, apparently bombs were set up in the house.
, the angel.
Well, originally, I planned to refer to the time-travelers by their aliases starting last chapter. I changed my mind last chapter and thought about series. Sam and Dean kept secrets from each other, and it caused distrust, and the time-travelers don’t want to cause any distrust to interfere with their goal of stopping the Apocalypse.
Thank you, Tumblr, for introducing me to more poetry quotes and Richard Siken, btw.
This fic will focus very heavily on Sam's Cage trauma and I intended the original King of Misery to be more Sam-centric, but it ended up being more heavily OC-centric. I want the story to be from largely Sam’s perspective, what happens with the hole in his shoulder when he shot Chuck, and I’m embarrassed that it took a while to get this story to be what I intended it to be.
The boy glanced over at them, and then tended back to his book.
“Bobby told us you were off limits. That true?” Reggie asked.
“That is it. Enough with the kung fu wandering the earth thing.” She said stubbornly, glancing over at Samuel, who was on alert. “I’m gonna buy you dinner and we’re gonna talk.”
One of the demons were carrying a baseball bat and the other had a backpack.
soon. It was likely that he was getting money from a dishonest source, which may have made him feel ashamed, despite living normally as possible for the moment.
Austin exchanged bullets from behind the car, huddled alongside a few others, with another young man in an upper window of the house. The older woman crossed herself and folded her hands whilst the shaggy-haired man hurried along beside a fence. The young man peered around the corner and another man shot at him, who pulled back, keeping the pregnant woman behind him. The shaggy-haired man and the other man exchanged fire.
Shocked and taken aback by such an admission, and though he wanted to know more about the apparently bleak future, Sam knew better than to push the kid for more information. He didn’t ask Samuel anymore questions that evening, who wouldn’t offer up a nearly as much detailed answer on his other questions during the first week.
She took her notepad and pen out of her pocket.
Updated authors note (2\24\21): I put in the fitting quotes and fixed a typo.
“Hey.”
Lindsay peered over. “I thought you said you didn’t go by your first name anymore.” She asked the younger-looking time-traveler, who sighed in irritation.
“What do you mean?” Present Cas asked.
“No, we’re not. Your opa and I can imagine how badly he’s overreacted with you kids.” Angelika answered promptly with sympathy in her voice. “We’re aware of the physical and emotional abuse allegations a few American social workers suggested.”
to do with them! You boys won’t remember them anyways.” Zachariah said, quite angry, as he glared at the kid, and tightened his grip on the struggling time-traveler’s arm before opening a portal. “In you go, Samuel.” He said as he began to throw the boy in and the Winchester brothers rushed, taking out their guns, but Samuel grabbed Dean’s free arm and pulled him in, too!
“Freaking explosion, that’s what.” The deputy answered, skeptical of what he’d been told. “They said it was one of those underground gas tanks, but, uh, I don’t think so.”
There was a long pause as Ellen turned back around to lead them further inside. Dean glanced over at his younger followed her down the stairs. “What’s going on, Ellen?” He asked.
true that the kid had a seriously overly inflated ego and seemed to act like he was more important than he was, irritating the other employees and customers.
“How do we explain how Rebekah doesn’t seem like she had enough training?” Dean asked, then looking over at her. “No offense. You’ve become good in the past year.”
“Yeah? I bet you didn’t imagine one thing.” The older Winchester taunted, and Raphael approached him now.
Hell, maybe they tried to kill him or someone else he cared about? It explained the anger and distrust the boy had for his fellow hunters, and why he had been so hostile to Tim, Steve, and Reggie. Other hunters must have known, likely after Lucifer was re-released, and Sam couldn’t imagine everything that kid could’ve been through that he wasn’t telling them.
She thought skeptically and in disdain, keeping her disbelief to herself.
“Castiel.” The archangel acknowledged.
“Just an empty vessel.” Present Cas answered.
do in their natural habitat, right?” He said with scorn in his voice toward the three hunters. “You can call me Samuel.”
It may had put a dent in the plan as she questioned him as suspicious as he appeared, but he hoped that she’d heed his warning. The younger Winchester didn’t want her to end up as more collateral damage, because after all, he wasn’t like Samuel who could move on like nothing happened if a civilian died during a case. He wondered what that feeling was like, not that he wanted to, to think of civilian and irrelevant hunters lives as unimportant.
Samuel raised an eyebrow. “How then?” He asked quietly, surprised at the answer.
“Looks like.” Sam said. “Come on.”
As for the original statement:
try to understand what his namesake was telling him, and even said that he wished that he didn’t think the way he did. He explicitly stated that he wanted to be different and he wanted to think like a normal person, but he couldn’t understand the emotions Sam was describing.
This takes place in 5x2.
The tragedy of the futuristic Winchester’s childhood was immediate, and things took a dark turn rather quickly. Klaus had been raised a hunter, along with his brother, as hunters, and moved to Petoskey, Michigan, for college. He met a young woman; whose name was Fiona. A few years later, his older twin siblings Samuel and Emma, were born in Frankfurt, Germany. Six months later, in Frankfurt, tragedy struck when Fiona died bloody in flames on the ceiling in the twins’ nursery.
difficult, especially with the awkward tension about him and his younger brother’s names. He didn’t want to lie to either of them anymore than he had to, as his wife and brother felt the same in that regard, especially to the hero he was named after.
I struggled with coming up with what to call the time-travelers’ Sam and Dean in my spare time lately without deviating too far from their birth names, so I decided to call the time-traveler Sam by the full form of Samuel and the time-traveler Dean by the letter D. I can thank my love of Death Note for coming up with that.
“If you replace the ‘D’ in your name with an ‘S,’ it spells Sammy.”
Authors note:
“Even without your brother if the time-travelers never shown up?”
The boys glanced at each other.
What do you guys think? Is this more organized, or easier to read than the previous chapters?
Sam scoffed. “Like hell I’m doing that.” He said stubbornly. “Which room is he in?”
Updated authors note (12\20\20):
“Yeah, for a while now. We got here, and the place—well, the place was like you see it.” She elaborated further. “Couldn’t find Rufus, then me and Jo got separated. I was out looking when I found you and helping the older kid in the back to find his brother and sister.”
Updated authors note (12\11\20):
“Emma,” Danny said, turning toward his older sister, “they’re in the past, right?”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“We’ll go together, just you and me.” The hero Dean insisted, much to Sam’s exasperation and growing impatience, but kept quiet out of respect for his younger brother’s namesake as much as he wanted to tell him how pointless it was to try to control what he did. If his father tried and failed nearly every time in that task when it got in the way of what the futuristic hunter knew was the right thing to do, then the hero Dean couldn’t either. “Those three will just keep a lookout here.”
“No, by the time we spotted Reggie, he’d grabbed Lindsay already, and they locked us out.” Dean answered with visible concern on his face and a little bit more emotion in his stoic voice than usual. “Are you okay, Sammy? Is the hero Sam and Lindsay okay?”
For anybody who follows my Tumblr, I’ve stated that I like s4-5 destiel, but I don’t care for it beyond that. In my last author’s note, I stated that I like sastiel more. I know I’ll probably lose readers over this, but from this chapter henceforth it’ll gradually shift into a sastiel fic. My goal for this fic isn’t intended to overly focus on the ship(s) in any case.
Danny picked up the bottle of
She was about ten inches shorter than him with long, curly dark brown hair and tanned skin. Her eyes were hazel and full of anxiety, so maybe not as experienced as her brother. It seemed that she wasn’t accustomed to her clothing having blood stains on them as her long-sleeved purple shirt, blue jeans, and light brown boots were somewhat stained like her brother’s, and she looked far more exhausted than him. She appeared rather disturbed by it, so she must’ve been a rookie hunter.
Future Cas gave him a pointed look in return. “I’m serious, Dean. If you don’t agree to hunt with Sam again tonight, Zachariah will transport you to the alternate post-Apocalypse world in 2014.” He said with far more urgency and concern, and it shown on his face. “In that world, you regret not saying yes to Michael and your future self will urge you to say yes to him to prevent that future. You don’t need to say yes to Michael for a better future.”
“Ellen?” Sam asked, surprised.
conditioned by Heaven. “Iniquity is one of the perks.”
“Riddle wrapped inside an enigma wrapped inside a taco?” He joked.
The plan was set, given that Dean and Rebekah brought his namesake and Ellen up to speed on what would likely happen now. They significantly altered the events of what was supposed to happen so far, so there was no telling what would end occurring instead now.
Dean had resumed hunting, though with the help of the older kid and Rebekah. When he didn’t notice the younger, but taller kid with them, they explained the danger his brother would be in. At first, he was angry at them not telling him sooner, because he’d never leave Sam alone if he knew something would happen.
Danny scoffed. “Why do you and Sam both have death wishes?” He asked.
Sam felt alone for a while since before being manipulated into starting the Apocalypse, given that his perspectives for drinking demon blood and trying to do good with it was villainized, he was shamed, locked in Bobby’s panic room
***Warning: There are themes of depression and referenced opioid abuse, and suicide ideation in this chapter. There’s also a brief mention of bigotry, homophobia, transphobia, and American bathroom laws (preventing someone from using the bathroom of the gender they identify as) written in historical context. ***
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Martyr, my ass! Neither of you should have to die to fix the world.”
What did the kid mean that death wasn’t permanent for them? Dean didn’t think of asking Cas if any other people had been pulled out of Hell, and it made him and his want to know who the hell these people were. “We’ll find your brother
This is the final part of episode three, and I apologize if it’s frustrating that I keep breaking everything up into parts, but I should be able to write longer parts soon. My attention span has been just shot lately and I reuploaded two more of the earlier chapters to this fic on fanfiction.net and coming up with anything write at all on this update has been difficult.
Emma groaned. “Are you trying to make up for Sam’s absence by bitching right now, Danny?” She asked him dryly, glaring at him with an irritable look on her face. “You’re giving me a massive headache like the real Sam, too.”
Sam and Rebekah shrugged their shoulders and appeared to agree.
“If Jo and Rufus are out there, we’ll bring them back.”
“Also, for our fake IDs there, I’ll put my first name as my middle, and Dean,” he said as his smug look faded, “I assume you’re putting your first name as your middle?”
Authors note:
Sam nodded, giving him a sympathetic look, heading toward a pick-up driver nearby. Now that he knew what he did about the boy so far, it made more sense why the kid trusted him and seemed to respect him
“Thanks…Here’s to stolen time,” He said, extending his bottle and she followed, clinking the glass bottles, and both took a drink of their beers. “Time we’ll never get again,” Emma remarked, sighing.
He said confidently. “
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Hi, Jo.” His namesake said, glancing over at the younger blonde.
“Just like the kid here, you can’t stop thinking about it either, ever since you saw it dripping off the blade of that knife.” War said, glancing at the kid who was scowling more with a glare now as the kid’s namesake started breathing hard. “You didn’t notice know that, didn’t you, Sam? That little vermin played you like you’re his own personal fiddle.”
If I can take up more of your time, I’d been thinking about whether the time-travelers Sam and Dean are different enough from their namesakes. What do you guys think? I believe there’s enough differences that make them their own personalities, instead of being a rip-off of who they were named after? What do you make of him, Dean’s namesake, and Rebekah? Is there anything that I can do to improve their character development if anything sticks out?
Sam was just planning on going out to find Jo with Ellen, and he figured the three of them would want to come back out. He knew that kid wasn’t lying, and he needed to ask them what bad thing would happen next.
Present Cas then light a match and dropped it on the oil, which burst into a ring of flame.
“I’ll be right back with your coffee,” she said, writing down their drink orders.
Updated authors note (1\24\21): I fixed this chapter up, so it should be error free now.
Apparently, his name was Austin.
trust a demon. Not even her twin pushed the boundaries on that issue because in the history of their ancestors proved it repeatedly. The only Winchester daughter had been keeping this unholy alliance a secret for eight years now, and she’d known it would come out one way or another.
The younger of the two brothers was about two inches shorter and he could do serious damage to Sam, if he weren’t as self-controlled and restrained. Rebekah hurried between her husband and brother-in-law.
“Sorry, Ellen.” Dean apologized.
First off, I would like to credit Clowns_or_Midgets for their Spn fic, Of All the Burdens I Must Bear, as an inspiration for this story as of recently. Thank you for reading my fic, and for leaving comments, kudos, bookmarking it, and subscribing.
The futuristic hunter experienced firsthand what it was like when he was in secondary school and considered fair game by more than a few jerks. As an adult and a member of widely hated hunting family, if no one feared him, they would be more inclined to try to kill him, or somebody he cared about. They needed to be feared, even if they didn’t like it. It would keep them safe from any vengeful hunters, or paranoid religious nuts believing they were working with demons to destroy the world.
silver cross earring back in his ears as the cross pendents helped him feel safer, not caring what his grandparents thought of it. Lastly, he combed his
Dean and Ellen looked at each other while the two time-travelers perked up.
The bartender shut the TV off, who said, “Damn. Is it me or does it seem like it’s the end of the world?”
3 “Maybe, maybe not. Sam always has a good reason for changing plans, and sometimes that works out in our advantage.”
“Alexander.” He answered, then looking toward Sam. “I’ll more than likely just go with D to make it easier to remember. You need to be called
Dean thought, reassuring himself with an inward sigh, glancing over at Sam and Rebekah sleeping like rocks.
God, no wonder Samuel was terrified of him.
Either way the kid must have been through hell, not literally of course, drudging his way through all those demons. Then again, how could this kid and his sister take down demons to accumulate blood stains going from his shoes to his neck? He was dressed in a long-sleeved black buttoned-up shirt, black jeans, and a pair of black leather boots. It’s not as if the kid’s clothes were important, but how could somebody hunt wearing all that black? He looked a bit young to be an experienced hunter. The kid’s sister, on the other hand, was a little worse for wear. She looked around the same age, maybe a little bit older. She leaned on her brother after stopping to notice them, and he was clearly worried about her.
Emma felt like a foreigner when she purchased a metro bus ticket, and boarded one to get off at a local
Hope these translations are correct.
“Sam, let’s not.”
“Maybe one day. But today, you’re my little bitch.” The angel told Raphael, then left the house and Dean followed behind, then pausing toward the archangel. “What he said.”
it’s safe for two trips there?” He questioned with worry laced in his normally stoic voice. “Is there any time to wait?”
“Sam?” Bobby answered.
Dean had his suspicions on what those things would be.
Sam and Dean paused in suspicion.
“Yeah, it’s safe. I wouldn’t put any of you in danger and the past will be in peril if we wait any longer.” The seraph answered. “Thank you for doing this. I believe you three can alter history for the better.” Sam and Dean’s grandmother came back into the dining room. “Is that the angel, boys?” She asked them, amazed, and unsurprisingly, the legend of Castiel
hate him when he was down about that.
Sam looked over at his grandmother. “Thanks, Oma.” He said quietly.
He leaned down to Donnie’s and chanted in Enochian. “I’m here, Raphael. Come and get me, you little bastard.” The angel demanded and walked out of the oil circle. “Just out of curiosity, what is the average customer wait time to speak to an archangel?” Dean asked him.
I watched the Heathers and that got my brain moving for ideas and plus, I didn't go into many details of what the eight years of demon blood could have done to Emma's body. Can she still walk through Devil's Traps or does she wince at first, and does salt\holy water\holy oil hurt her skin? I can't believe I overlooked those details for a time, but it's fixed now.
if we’re undercover. There’s no way in hell I’m letting anybody call me Samuel, unless my namesake or Dean’s would rather call me that instead.” He relented. “Now that he’s using the letter
Samuel slowly put his hand down toward his left jeans pocket, where his .44 Bulldog revolver was as Tim broke the silence. “Okay, fine. Let me give you some of my own, then.” He snapped at the hero Sam. “We go into town, we catch ourselves a demon, we get jumped by ten more. Steve bought it.”
His namesake looked at each other and nodded.
“My last name is Wolff, though.” He lied with pushing the guilt off his mind.
Sam glanced over at Rebekah, then back at Castiel. “Are you
7 “Maybe you hadn't failed raising me. God, I wish you could see me right now.”
“Pretty much the whole town and these guys. I don’t know what those two kids were thinking,” Ellen said, then sighing in exhaustion, “going out and thinking they can take
Sam shook his head. “Fine, you win.” He muttered, sounding more like a pout.
There had been more things that would transpire around the same time as the demon crisis in Oklahoma. Present Cas would ask him to help him find God and the only other being who could help them was Raphael, who had killed him before being restored to life. Even if he still had room for doubt, present Cas confirmed that fact and they would need to look. How would they do that when Samuel was hellbent on going forward with his plan? It’s not that Dean didn’t trust him; he knew the kid’s goal was to protect Sam, but the kid was a recovering blood junkie!
“I’m sure that’ll go over smoothly, Sam. We’ll go in with a suspiciously identical last name.” Dean snapped back at his brother with frustrated sarcasm. “As far as anybody in the past knows, there’s no other Sam and Dean Winchester. Can you stop being so goddamn bitchy about everything?!” Rebekah was about to intervene when the woman from the kitchen entered.
“Anytime. If you weren’t married and from the future, you know I’d—”
Authors note:
Rufus peered through the window, giving the older Winchester a chance to grab him through it.
A group of three people sat inside a small, two storeyed house in a pleasant German suburb in Berlin. They sat in the dining room at a moderately long black table with a worn out, black railed chandelier with a dimmed light on it. One could hear a middle-aged woman in the kitchen listening to a German podcast on her phone whilst cooking a meal on the stove, not too far from the dining room. Also, one could hear an old TV in the living room, where a middle-aged man was watching football and unwinding in a comfortable recliner.
. It didn’t help that he was actually named after an angel.
Cas: I will be there Charlie
They weren’t alone on the beach; there were other people, other families spending time together and making memories that would last a lifetime.
“yea, yea I’ll give your boyfriend your love note.” Gabe rolled his eyes and headed in the direction they were holding Cas before the run. Him being a beta, he could talk to him all he wanted. Gabe resisted the urge to open the paper if these were last words of love and goodbyes, they were meant for Cas’ eyes only. He could at least know that his brother had that.
Dean sat on the bed and stared at the cell phone in his hands. He wanted to call his husband, hear his voice, tell him he loved him. This mission, what he hoped was his last mission was going to be dangerous. Normally, he wouldn’t call until after he was done and that call usually went to Sam who had creepy accuracy when it came to guessing his actual location regardless of what the caller ID did or didn’t say.
“Alright, Charlie so I’m guessing I should drop off some more of Deans flight meds so that he can go with Cas then?” Sam said it as he was writing out the prescription to hand to a nurse.
“Mated couple? They're not mated, Dean,-- the guy that ran out of here—that’s my brother and Cas has been our friend since we were kids.” She looked at him like a disapproving grandmother.
Dean couldn’t get in to see Cas but he was allowed to leave some things for him. He left the hoodie and they took the honey, but they wouldn’t accept the mug. Dean called almost daily to speak with the doctor working with Cas. He knew progress wouldn’t be overnight, but news of setbacks hurt. He knew it was all his fault. Dean knew that everything Castiel had gone through was his responsibility.
Castiel snuck up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist making him jump.
“Yes, the day I let my parents know I’ve finally got the omega of my dreams and I’m ready to settle down.”
“Hey Charlie, can I ask you something?” Deans voice was unusually soft and unsure. “Yea sure boss whats up?” Charlie leaned on the counter next to Sam while grabbing up one of the leftover cookies. “Whats going on with Cas?” Dean couldn’t hide the guilt of realizing he’d been so caught up in keeping the shop going he had no clue what was happening with his own husband.
“I’m real proud of you man.” Sam looked up from his bowl of fat-free frozen yogurt. “You put a lot of the kids' worries at ease, well Aiden anyway. “ Sam previously hadn’t mentioned much about what he had discussed with Aiden when Dean was not around. That was an uncle-nephew bond and he was not going to intrude.  “He was scared that when you got a job it would take you away like your last one. Honestly, he wasn’t the only one worried.” Sam let the moment hang knowing Dean was not one for big emotional moments.
No more than 2 minutes after hanging up, Dean knocked to be let into the room.
he followed her instructions to the letter. She claimed to be doing him a favor by allowing him to wear shorts and shoes, she took a small pleasure in reminding him that she
“Sam, there's no new special way to interpret a call from yet another moving company. We get the same call every time he signs a new contract. I gave him his options. He’s made his choice. Now he’s going to have to live with it.” Castiels voice betrayed him towards the end of his statement. He’d been thinking on it all day, but it was only in that moment, saying it out loud that Castiel really internalized that Dean, the man he loved. Had chosen the job over him. Had chosen the job over their family, over their children.
“Are you sure?”
“I can't be, not like this.” He shrugged in defeat and his eyes darted down at himself like he was something entirely new. To Cas it didn't look like anything had changed, new power or no. Jack’s eye’s stayed somewhere on the ground and he furrowed his brow. “With the amount of influence I have now I can't just go on living like I did before. I have responsibilities now, not just to heaven but to the whole universe.” He looked back up, a fear lurking in the back of his eyes.  “They are all counting on me and I can't let them down.”
Sam was sitting in the living room with a celebratory pie all ready for Dean to enjoy while they watched Game of Thrones. It wasn’t lost on him that his brothers' behavior was unusual, but then again there was no telling what happened in the fort over those hours.
*$*$*$*$*
Back in the back room where Sam, Charlie and Gabriel were actually sitting, Charlie was watching the surveillance cameras and she could see that Dean had shrugged it off and went on to eat his food while Castiel looked like a frightened chihuahua.
“That is very kind of you Hannah, but I must decline I already have plans.” Castiel did not think it was necessary to inform her that his ‘plans’ were going home to see what Dean had been so mysterious about cooking.
It didn’t bother him that Dean was always surrounded in friends, what bothered him was that Dean found comfort in someone other than him. Growing up it had been them together, always able to read each other like an open book. Now….not so much. He wanted to be angry with Dean about the distance but he shied away as well when he realized that the feelings he felt for Dean were more than that of comradery. Every date Dean went on hurt, every time Dean was romantic with someone, Cas couldn’t help but wish it was him who shared that special moment with Dean. Sentiments he’d chosen long ago to keep to himself. Dean clearly didn’t want him. Wouldn’t want someone like him, if the friendship was all that he could have, the Cas would gladly take it and keep his emotions to himself.
Sam stormed out and headed to the park, he needed to walk off this anger before he ripped their heads off for their stupidity.
Aiden seemed indifferent, this would be the 5
There were eyes of women, and a few children who were cowering in the corners seemed to always just be out of view. The barely-there faces of the family left behind by those he’d visited. Anytime a moment of happiness entered his life. There they were. The shadows of the horrid actions he’d accomplished.
Sam looked over at his brother, he couldn’t help but feel for him. Dean was always so hard on himself. Dean the most caring and giving person that he had known in his entire life somehow always believed that he didn’t deserve to be happy or loved. So many thoughts were going through his mind. Sam kept trying to figure out what kind of plot or plan Gabriel had in the works and whether or not he was going to have to be ready with bail money. That man earned the title ‘Trickster’ three times over.
Stepping into the tent where Cas was sitting he saw Chuck giving last words of wisdom, suggestions of directions to take and maybe who wouldn’t be a bad choice.
“So are you or my brother going to tell me what this is about?” Castiel folded his arms across his chest as she began to drive away from the school. “I suck at buying practical presents; you’re the perfect man for the job Cas.”
“You are going to get past this dark time in your life, I’m honored to be the one to assist you on your journey. We can work through this one step, one day, one hour at a time.” The doc left his card on the table next to the bed and walked out of the room leaving Castiel with nothing but silence and his own thoughts.
“Gabe I think we need to check on mom and dad more.” Castiel was hunched over his laptop looking over the latest spreadsheets for his final reports.
“Everybody is going to be just fine now, those kids have their daddy back and they know he’s not leaving. This family is on the mend.” Missouri pat Sam on the back as she guided him out the door behind the trio. “You take good care of them, Sam.” Missouri slid a small pack of gummy worms into Sam's hand and winked as he walked out the door.
“Babe I’m home!!! I’ve got some amazing news about the shop!!” Dean called out as he walked through the door. Only then did he notice that the house was quiet, almost too quiet, leave it to his Cas to get caught up writing in his study to even hear Dean come in the door. He glanced in the kitchen, it didn’t look like Cas had started on dinner maybe they could go out to celebrate and spend some much needed time together.
“How could you not tell me Cas?” Dean spoke barely above a whisper, not looking up from the table. “I know I haven’t been the husband I should have been lately cause of trying to keep the shop going and I messed up and that’s on me, but how could you not tell me?”
“Way to go Cassie!! Aww, why did you cut it off? It was just getting good.” Gabriel had propped his feet up on the desk and had pulled a back of popcorn magically from the air.
“He won't listen to me there's only one person he’d listen to and since you refuse to talk to him directly, he’s got a bus to catch.”
He was jolted from the world when he is unceremoniously drenched in ice-cold water. Castiel fell from his bed with a scream.
Armed with a stack of resumes and a can-do attitude Dean made the rounds to every dealership and auto shop in the city. There were a few that he would be perfectly happy not getting a call from. Some of them rubbed him the wrong way. He loved working on cars but it seemed like even the managers of the service departments of a couple dealerships thought they were too good to speak with someone who had no issues with touching grease or working with their hands.
“A sketchpad sounds nice but…it would be nice to have a friend to hang out with too?” Cas wouldn’t look Dean in the eyes and started for the edge of the forest slowly.
Deans hand shook as he began to sign, tears welled up in his eyes. He didn’t want to break his promise to his husband, but he couldn’t put their lives at risk. When Ramiel reached down to retrieve the signed contract, Dean jammed the fountain pin straight into his jugular.
“Alright, Cas turns out the lounge has an all-you-can-eat buffet, and the guy at the front desk
Deans voice chimed in from the ether.
“No! I wanted to protect them from seeing me like that!” Castiels punches got harder. “I should’ve never gotten to that point!! But I was lost and lonely and if Dean had just….” Pam interrupted his train of thought.
It was almost time for Dean to leave since he had to be back at work early the next morning but Cas decided that he wanted Dean to stay. “I know you’ll probably be gone by the time I wake up but I want to fall asleep with you next to me.” Dean couldn’t say no to his angel. They cut the lights off and snuggled close in the small bed.  “I love you Dean, please forgive me” Cas whispered knowing his husband was already asleep.
Castiel smashed his lips into Deans in a kiss filled with passion and years of love. The two became lost in themselves, the roadhouse dropping away and only the two of them that mattered. The two began to feverishly undress each other, not bothering to worry about privacy. They had an urgent need. One they’d ignored for far too long.
