Sam--
“I’ve been working,” he says, immediately, because he knows better than to stop.
He can hear the sound of Rhodey hitting the ground, still, can't fucking get it out of his head.
Rhodes makes a face and nods at the medic. "Get this shit off me. I'm not lying here while he's out there."
Steve ignores him while he works his way through his own cheeseburger, doesn’t offer to help when Tony grapples with holding it.
“Trust me, I know, and I appreciate that,” Steve cut him off dryly.
Steve shot him a concerned look.  “Are you okay?  You don’t look so great.”
so Tony could move on to the next problem.  He could live with lonely — couldn’t he? — but he wasn’t sure he could live with being something broken, something that Tony needed to fix.
Tony sighed and pulled on his long-sleeved shirt and undershirt, both of which were thankfully mostly dry.  He gathered up the soap and towel then walked back across the landing.  He silently pushed the door open, wanting to investigate a little further while Steve was distracted.  The apartment was shabby but clean.  He found four sets of dishes and silverware, all mismatched, in one of the cabinets.  There was hardly any food in one of the others — a mostly empty bag of flour, even less sugar, and a tin of coffee grounds.  Another cabinet revealed two potatoes and an onion.   He found a few pots and pans in the lower cabinet.
“Nah,” Steve answered from the drawing room.  Tony went into the living room and turned the radio down.  With the music quieter, Tony could hear the scratch of Steve’s pencil on the paper as he sketched out his sample panels for Timely.  “He should be up soon.”
Narrowing his eyes, the guy took another look, running his eyes from Steve’s head down to his boots.  “That’s impossible.”
“Better living through science,” Tony answered.  “Weren’t you here in 2012?  Familiar with the Battle of New York?   Red, white, and blue suit with a matching shield?  The Star Spangled Man with a Plan?  Any of this ringing a bell?”  He came to stand next to Steve and gestured to him.  “Captain America,” he added, just to make sure the guy got it.  “I mean, he’s literally in the history books, if you missed the movies, and the comics books, and the action figures, and the History Channel specials —“
He held on to what Tony had told him, that some day there would be a cure for his heart, that even if that disc couldn’t help Steve, something else would.  He had to believe it, hold onto it as tightly as he could because, between that, Tony, and Bucky, he had nothing else left to carry him through.
Tony swallowed.  “Guy took my shirt,” was the only response he could come up with.
lived during the Depression.
“You don’t have to rub it in my face,” the guy barked back, shoving his hands in his pockets.  “Some of us grew up in this neighborhood and don’t like the way you people have changed it.”
“Nat told me you have pneumonia.  She said that you have medications to treat it now.”  Steve heard the wobble in his voice, and he paused, swallowing slowly.  He could do this.  He had to do this.  “I just needed to see for myself that you were okay.”
Bucky shrugged.  “It’s almost impossible to say no once he gets an idea in his head,” Bucky answered.
“Good as new,” Tony said triumphantly.  Enzo shook his hand again.  It was only then that Tony realized it was dark beyond the display window of the shop.  His stomach growled just as he also became aware of how hungry he was.
But the doubt still lingered in Steve’s mind, insidiously creeping in at the edges.  The smell of Tony’s sweat and fever was still in his nose, and it was easy for Steve to recall the musty feel of the bedroom in the tenement apartment when Tony had been sick, the humid heat from the radiators that warmed the building, the perpetually damp feeling of the blankets and sheets even when they were clean, the contrast of the chilly hallway with the hot steam of the bathroom when Steve had helped Tony bathe, that first day he’d been unable to go down the stairs on his own.
The thought of Pepper sent a muted pang through him, as it always did.  Turns out, after everything, the thing Pepper couldn’t abide was first-hand knowledge of fighting.  After the snap — the second one,
Steve smiled back.  “We’ll get you back on your feet, pal.”
“You signed up the same day I did, after they bombed Hawaii,” Bucky said, sticking his finger into Steve’s chest.  “I saw the 4F they stamped on your card.”  He turned to stalk down the hallway back towards the apartment.
He disappeared once the casket was in the ground.
Steve turned abruptly and stalked down the street.  Natasha caught up with him in a few swift strides and grabbed his arm.  He yanked it out of her grasp, glaring down at her for a moment, the frustration and grief warring on his face.  “Steve,” she said, “what I’m trying to say is you don’t have to be alone.  No wonder you’re struggling — not only are you living in a new place and time, you’re trying to do it without any support.”
“I’d — I’d like that.”
“I would never have just left,” Tony whispered back.  Tony’s hands ran over Steve’s chest up to his neck, and he felt Tony pull at the beaded metal chain.  He pulled the dog tags out of Steve’s collar and held them in the palm of his hand.  Tony made a satisfied noise in the back of his throat before settling them back against Steve’s chest.
Bruce was harder for Steve to get a read on.  He was quiet and spent most of his time in his lab running experiments beyond Steve’s comprehension.  But he would appear at mealtimes to cook, and he introduced Steve to a wide variety of curries that he had learned to prepare while in India.  Steve enjoyed cooking dinner with him, expanding his repertoire from things that were easy to cook and made of things that lasted a long time to dishes made with fresh and exotic ingredients.  Steve still struggled with so many options, and it threw him off when he opened his cabinets to find such abundance.  It was nice to eat with the others and not have that responsibility to decide what he would eat that evening.
“I think the word you’re looking for is vindictive,” Clint answered.
Steve gave him some tooth powder, and Tony took his towel from earlier and some warm water from the boiler and went into the bathroom.  He washed his face, requiring some trial and error to find a reasonable temperature.  He changed into the pajama pants that Bucky had left him, as well as the dark long-sleeved t-shirt he’d been wearing under the armor.  It covered the light from the arc reactor better than the light undershirt Bucky had given him earlier.  He then brushed his teeth as best he could with the powder and no brush, adding that to the mental list of things he was going to need if he ended up here a long time.
“Then you shouldn’t be afraid to ask him,” Natasha countered, not unkindly.  “Weren’t you the one who said you wanted to hear it from him, not read it in a Shield file?  Didn’t you say you were tired of people making assumptions about you just because you’re Captain America, and they think that means they know you?”
Tony gave him a hesitant smile.  “I’m getting that, after meeting you.”
Feeling his heart skip a beat under his hand, Tony found himself unable to come up with a response.  His vision blurred with tears, and he looked down at the table, wrapping both hands around his cup.  “Well I’ll be damned,” he huffed out, “she was always the smartest out of all three of us.”
But this?  This was so much worse that going back to the empty apartment, the silent radio, the empty bed across the room.
“Because you are worth it,” Steve breathed.
The radio remained off.
“Meeting you was one of the best things that ever happened to me,” Steve finally said.
Bucky dropped his face into his hands, scrubbing his fingers up into his hair.  “I get it, pal.  You beat up bullies in alleys for bein’ jerks at the movies, even when you know you can’t win.  You help strangers when you barely have enough on your own.  Hell, you even shared your popcorn with that dame tonight, even though she clearly wanted nothin’ to do with you.”
Steve sighed.  “Natasha, can we go home?”
Steve’s skin had gone pale, and there were tears in his eyes.  His hands engulfed Tony’s, his fingers tracing the knots on the back of Tony’s hand.  Steve lifted Tony’s hand to his mouth, gently kissing the skin over his knuckles.  “It’s beautiful, and I’m sure everything you’ve created since then is too,” he said, his breath ghosting over Tony’s skin.  That was also hot, an echo of Steve’s skin on his own.
of these socks?”
“You’re a man of many facets,” Tony answered.  “I’m amazed every time I uncover a new one.”
He pulled himself from the sheets, not bothering to make the bed, and tugged on a long-sleeved t-shirt and pajama pants.  His chest was sticky from sweat, the dark shapes from his nightmares still caught in his head — shapes that resolved in Chitauri, always accompanied by the inevitable feeling of being too slow, too weak, too stupid to save the people trapped in the wreckage.  That inexorable knowledge dragged him under, knowing that he wouldn’t be able to save everyone.
Steve flinched and picked up a roll to give his hands something to do.  He closed his eyes as the world stopped around him.  He tried to absorb the pain, but it hurt — it really did.  Steve knew that Tony didn’t know, couldn’t remember going without some nights when they just didn’t have enough.  Sure, some days had been full of abundance, like the day they’d gone to Ebbets Field for his birthday.  But other days they’d all gone to bed hungry, Tony included.  He could remember getting sick sometimes, both when he lived with his ma and later with Bucky, because he just wasn’t getting enough.  It was how it went sometimes.  Steve still considered himself lucky it didn’t happen more often.
“Hey — are you okay?” a familiar voice asked him.
“No love lost for the communists?”
When it happened, it didn’t make any sense.
Dinner with Clint and Natasha became a regular thing.  Steve and Natasha slowly built a fragile friendship together, and he found himself looking forward to their time together.  She seemed to understand the things he couldn’t find the words to say and always knew how to draw him out when he was lost within himself.  He didn’t know much about her childhood — he hadn’t read anyone’s files — but he could sense that she understood austerity, that she too hid her loneliness under her Black Widow persona.  But she would show him glimpses of the real person underneath: someone who read voraciously and did cross-stitch, someone who preferred to listen to classical music — he only realized later they were all ballets — when she was alone, and liked to watch historical dramas.  Natasha offered him these bits and pieces, and he did the same in return.  He brought up Peggy without even meaning to, only to discover that she had recruited Natasha out of the Red Room.
“It was a mistake to come back,” Steve spat, “a sentimental, stupid mistake.”
the thought flashed through his mind, there and gone again, like a shower of sparks when the sap in the firewood caught unexpectedly.  But Steve came awake enough to realize it must be past midnight.
He was so tired.  He could feel himself drifting off, stranded in the hazy place between awake and asleep, where one couldn’t neither quite wake up nor fall completely to sleep.  Cap was there, though — he could hear his voice.  Cap would watch over him.  Cap would keep him safe.  With that knowledge, he finally drifted off.
Tony felt his mouth go dry.  The blue eyes, the same color as the New York fall sky.  He never could forget them, no matter how hard he tried.
Steve gave her a sidewise glance.  “He fell off the train in the Alps, and with that we got Zola.  He gave us the intel that got us to the Red Skull two days later.  I woke up here, and we fought the Battle of New York two weeks after that.  It’s been — what?  Six weeks since then?”
Desperation loomed over Steve’s every waking moment, and he didn’t know what else to do.  When Bucky came home from work that morning, Steve knew he could see it in his eyes.  Bucky shooed Steve from the bedroom, demanding that Steve get cleaned up.  Steve couldn’t remember the last time he’d bathed or even washed his face — when he thought about it, he wondered if it had been before Christmas, and they were already a few days into January.
Steve could remember how Bucky smelled, a combination of his cologne and hair pomade, with the hint of tobacco from his Luckies, and hot metal underneath, first from his metal work at the Naval Yard and later from his gun as a unit’s sniper.  Tony had also smelled of hot metal, with hints of coconut as well.  His ma had always smelled of Ivory soap and the starch and bleach she’d used on her nursing uniform to keep it crisp and white.
“Oh god,” Tony heard behind Steve’s shoulder, “can’t you faggots get a room?”
She was in a nightgown, a shawl pulled tight across her chest, with a thunderous expression on her face.  Her hair was braided, flung over one shoulder, with bright red curls hanging around her face, having escaped the braid while she slept.  There was some kind of racket in the background, and Steve leaned around her to see where it was coming from.
It was Tony’s turn to grin.  “You’ve got yourself a deal, Bucky.”
“Or him,” Tony echoed.  “I think what I’m trying to say is tomorrow you turn 28.  We’ll go to the Hoover Dam and see Lake Mead, just like Bucky and I talked about.  And you can check that off the list for him.  We check all the things off the list for him.  We’ve got time.  But it’s not just for him.  We’ll do it for you too.  Because you have a life here now.  And that’s yours, and nothing will take that away.  Just don’t crash any more planes in the Arctic, okay?”
“One of a kind,” Bucky answered, a soft smile crinkling up the edges of his eyes.  “Please don’t break his heart if you don’t have to.”
Each of the Howling Commandos’ files told a similar story.  They had all survived the rest of the war, each going on to careers and families back at home.  None of them was still alive, but Steve was happy to know that something good had come of the war, that they had all built legacies that still lived on.
together in a Brooklyn movie theater in September 1939.
“It means you have a lot more in common than you probably think.”  Natasha threaded her arm through the crook of his elbow, propelling him back towards the door.  “How are you sleeping?  And eating?”
Steve marveled at the Gateway to the West, the beautiful silver arch that towered over St. Louis.  He found the easy rolling fields of Kansas soothing, the sparsity of the landscape and other people a relief he hadn’t even known he was looking for.  The winds roared across the plains, and it seemed to blow the cobwebs out of his mind as he drove his motorcycle past the amber waves of grain towards the purple mountains’ majesty.
“December,” Tony said, a little breathless, “1939.”
Steve just shook his head.  “Even that’s never happened to me,” he muttered under his breath.  “You live around here?”
“Of course,” Steve replied, dropping Tony’s hand.
They sat like that for a long time, until the sky to the east started to darken as the sun began to set.  “She taught me to fight for myself,” Steve finally said.  He had slumped down in his exhaustion and his grief, his head propped in the curve of Tony’s shoulder where it met his chest, knees curled next to Tony’s legs, Tony’s arm still around his shoulders.  “My da — well, he wasn’t much to speak of,” he gulped out, his words interrupted by sobs and gasps as he told Tony about his ma.  “A drunk.  He’d come home from the bar.  And she’d confront him.  Every time.  He’d —“  Steve faltered at this before taking a halting breath and continuing, “he’d hit her.  For standing up to him.  But she got up.  Every time.  And usually he’d hit her again.  I asked her once, why she didn’t just stay down.”  He had to stop at this, his face crumpling at the memory.  Tony gently squeezed Steve’s shoulder and waited.  “She told me, ‘You always get up.’”
“Ah — no,” Tony answered with a rueful grin.  “I was told to stay away from that much caffeine with my heart.  It also blows what little fine motor control I do have in my hand to shit.  Decaf latte would be great.”
“The blue isn’t right,” was the only explanation Steve offered.
In a move Pepper would have recognized, Morgan had dismissed him after eating with an explanation about how much work she had left to do, and Tony had walked out of the Guggenheim with a smile on his face, a small shake of his head.  It seemed incomprehensible that she was twenty-eight years old, already known for her own work as an archivist and historian, specializing in technology and its effect on modern life — big surprise there.  He never ceased to be amazed how much she managed to be like both parents without making it seem like she’d gotten the worst of either one of them.
After a few minutes, he went back to the kitchen, grabbed the poster and one of his sketchbooks, and sat back down.  He compared the marvels advertised on the poster with the drawings he’d made of the thing in Tony’s chest.  None of them resembled that blue glowing disc.
Training at Camp LeHigh was the hardest thing Steve had ever done.  It started with standing in the line and seeing exactly what he was up against.  He appreciated Agent Carter’s response to Hodge, but it certainly didn’t help the harassment he received.  His stuff would constantly disappear only to be found in the most compromising locations.  He’d tried to stake out a bunk in one of the corners of the barracks, but he was forced to move to one in the middle.  He was alternately humiliated, sabotaged, or ignored.
“I don’t think it’s me, but the feeling is mutual.  He’s a little man with a little power.”  Bucky threw the letter on the table before looking at Steve.  “You sure you don’t recognize him?  He seems like the kind of guy who’s kicked your ass before.”
When he moves, when he falls into Steve, Steve's arms open, catching him when he falls.
The Accords don't go away. Rhodey looks worried, when Tony calls, and the foreboding settles in his bones.
"Did you know?"
, tired in a way that he hasn't sounded since they were idiots in college, and Ty sold their sex tape, and Tony weathered his first sex scandal.
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes,” Rhodey promises, and Tony makes a noise, a relieved sob that rips at him.
"Tight like a cunt, too, baby," he hums.
They’re exhausted. Emotionally and physically.
"The Accords are about enhanced," he says. "At least, what you were looking at on page forty eight subsection three b is."
For a split second, Steve thinks about ignoring it. About ignoring Tony because god knows that always riled him up in high school.
She kisses him, a benediction, and he holds her tight. "Tomorrow?" he asks, and it's a plea, a question he can't quite voice.
, Freeze-pop, you knew from the start?” Tony says, delighted and Bucky shrugs again.
"Everheart has her name on a lot of this shit," Rhodey says and Tony blinks at him. "And you can say what you want about Christine--but you've trusted her since she came to you about Gulmira. Pepper has too."
“Why?” Tony breathes. Then, harder, “
It’s been almost two years since Scott and Clint took plea deals and went
"What? C'mon, Steve, he was in the fucking suit. You gettin' involved didn't stop him from killing Barnes--Stark stopped himself from killing Barnes. You're the one who told me Tony in the suit is the only thing that can stop the
"I knew," Rhodey says, lazily, and Steve jerks, hard. Tony had said
He agrees, and he tucks the hurt away and when Tony smiles at him, he smiles back and it feels, almost, real.
Steve matters.
"Would you tell us if it did?" Wanda mutters, and Tony's gaze flicks to her, briefly.
And it’s fine, when the world is moving, when there’s light and Steve’s low voice and laughter.
, and Steve laughs, brushes it against his throat as Tony ruts against the shiny hot car and pushes back against his fingers.
"Have you eaten?" he asks, and it's so familiar, Tony laughs.
He doesn’t say anything, just watches quietly and Fury says, “We can still use you, still use Captain America.”
After thinking, it wouldn’t be so bad, to die, if Steve was next to him when he did.
“Moving a little gingerly--think he’s got some bruised ribs--but Rogers is taking care of him.” He hesitates, and then, “Do you think he’s good for Tony?”
It goes wrong. It goes wrong in an instant, while he's joking with soldiers and seething at Stane's irritating affability and missing Steve.
No Hulk in Harlem or Clint or Nat, no alien falling from the sky, no army of Chitarui or WSC or nukes to be flown into portals. There is no Insight with HYDRA burnt out of SHIELD and no extraterrestrial threats that Tony doesn’t meet before they become an issue and no ghosts from his past to threaten him, because Steve had always kept those ghosts at bay.
“Bring him to my workshop.”
“He didn’t,” Bucky says and Peggy laughs.
Stane comes into it all with a ten thousand dollar bottle of Scotch and a uneasy expression, while Steve and America Chavez argue about ethically sourced luxury goods and he looks, for just a moment, like an interloper, like a stranger in a place that is unwelcoming and unknown.
"This isn't fair. You--this isn't
He tells them, “Anthony E Stark is protected.”
to find a fight.
Tony frowns, studies his father as he sips his coffee.
He sees Barnes watching them, sees confusion and anger, and he smiles, grim and hits Steve with a blast that sends him to his knees.
Barnes goes for his arc reactor, and Steve is too far away and too close and panic is clawing at his throat, and his parents are dead, dead,
His voice is muffled when it comes, slurred and pleased. "I know. I do. I just keep waiting for the other shoe to drop."
“Tony, my office,” Howard snaps.
"Steve, you trust me. You
It’s not Stane or Jarvis who pull him back, or Maria’s screams. It’s not the blood on his fists or face, or the way Howard’s wheezing under his blows.
Steve made dinner.
They take care of each other. They have since that first night at MIT when Rhodey found him, too young and dumb and drugged out of his mind, on his knees for a group of seniors.
His hands clench. "The team--"
and--
He wrings three orgasms from Tony before they finally collapse in a sweaty heap next to the come smeared glass, and Tony stares at the distorted city beyond the glass and filth and says, "I'll call the movers tomorrow."
Tony is sobbing. He's pressing back weakly, and there's tears on his cheeks, pretty and Steve catches him by the throat as he slides in, tips his head back and fucks his tongue into Tony's mouth as he fucks into his body.
That what he’s doing will have consequences.
And wonders if he’ll be the one to kill Howard Stark.
that firm hand.
He shows up at Board meetings and when they have to wine and dine, when public appearances require it. He pushes back when Tony ramps up the robotics division, and persists in the military contracts that have always been SI's bread and butter. But for the most part, he seems content to let Tony lead the company, seems content to stay away from Tony and Steve entirely.
He isn’t sure he wants to hear a denial and he isn’t stupid enough to believe that Steve will ever confess to it.
Steve stills.
“Soon,” she admits. “Six months, at the outside.”
"It's about the assassins you sent to my daughter's bedchamber," Tony almost coos and it's so annoying to hear him talk like that, to his child instead of the court, the words don't sink in, not at first.
“Why would he talk to you about us?” Tony said, unable to keep the incredulity out of his voice.
Tony sighed but couldn’t find it in himself to refuse.  He pulled his shirt off over his head and draped it over the sink basin, which was still dry.  Steve ran his fingers around the metal rim and traced the scars that radiated out from it.  “I keep dreaming about it,” he said.  “I can see that exact shade of blue when I close my eyes — I’ve never seen that color before.”
Using the wall to support himself, he forced himself back up.  Somehow Steve made it back down to his room.  He stammered out the command to Jarvis to lock all his doors and allow no visitors and slumped down against the window looking out over the East River towards Brooklyn.   He knew he was homesick for a place that didn’t exist any more, longing for a time that was long gone.  He felt empty without any more tears to cry, his emotions all wrung out.
“What?” The doctor started, sitting back and withdrawing his arm.
Tony was a little surprised at how a life could be reduced to so few belongings.  He didn’t know how long she had been in the TB ward, but it seemed like she should have more to show for her life than this.  Presumably, they had kept her clothes to prevent the spread of the infection.  Had she had books?  Knitting?  Her own darning egg?  Her own radio after she’d given Steve the large one in the apartment?
Tony didn’t know what he’d done with the wedding band.
His heart didn’t feel like it was going to beat out of his chest.
Steve found the routine very comforting.  It was domestic in a way he’d never experienced; even when he and Bucky had lived together, their meal preparation wasn’t very complicated, and it was usually limited by the availability of ingredients.  In the war, there wasn’t any meal prep to speak of, just dividing up the work to establish camp and set a perimeter guard before collapsing into bed — if there was any sleep to be had at all.  The routine, the consistency of the whole thing helped settle Steve in a way he hadn’t known he needed.
He knew as soon as he walked in that he couldn’t stay there.  The emotions of the last 24 hours crashed down on him, and he sat in one of the chairs in the living room with his head in his hands.  Steve kept seeing Tony’s blank looks, his eye-rolls, and the contempt whenever Steve tried to prove he could keep up.
He hoped Bucky was right — that he was brave enough.
The cold spread, and Steve felt dizzy for a moment, confusion following quickly behind.  Had someone beaten him up recently? — he couldn’t remember.  He felt his head cock to the side, the hospital equipment and monitors suddenly unfamiliar, the smell — not of bleach and starch, but some milder cleaner with the sharp undercurrent of alcohol — out of place.  Even his body felt wrong, too heavy and bulky, his clothes too tight, the fabric too soft.  Tony was familiar, but he was back in strange clothes like the day Steve had found him in the alley.
Everything happened at once.  Steve leapt off the edge of the terrace, flinging his shield at Loki.  Tony took off, and his launch made him catch Loki’s green ball of light in the chest.  Loki turned to look at Steve, a wide grin on his face, and disappeared the instant before the shield would have caught him in the chest.  The shield clattered to the ground, scraping across the bricks like a stone skipped across water, smashing into the edge of the fountain and wobbling on its rim before coming to rest.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath.  He steeled himself before walking into the drawing room.  Steve didn’t turn when he entered, still working on his generic panel of a muscular man in a tight-fitting suit with stars on it punching Hitler.  Tony had to blink for a minute.  Surely Steve himself hadn’t come up with the idea….?  But Tony pushed the thought aside.
Steve came back to himself on the floor in the doorway to Tony’s hospital room.  A face with a concerned expression hovered above him, and it took Steve a minute to realize it was Natasha.  Tony was still asleep on the hospital bed, and Steve blew out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.  Natasha helped him back to his feet.  Her eyes searched his for a moment, but she didn’t ask any questions, and Steve was grateful he didn’t have to lie to her when he would have answered.
“What,” he said slowly, only slurring his words a little bit, “the hell is
It started out innocently enough.
Tony turned around and buried his face in Steve’s chest, stumbling as his legs struggled to keep up with the movement.  Steve caught him, wrapping his arms around Tony.  Hiding his face in Steve’s sweater, Tony inhaled the clean scent of him — Ivory soap and the detergent for his clothes, all underlaid with the musk of Steve himself, the smell of leather and oil, with just a hint of charcoal.
In hindsight, there was a certain inevitability about the escalation in the lab.  Tony was pushing all of Steve’s buttons, and Steve was doing it right back because he didn’t know how to do anything else.  The comment about everything special about him coming out of a bottle — well, even if this version of Tony wasn’t the same as the one he’d met in 1939, he still instinctively knew where to hit Steve where it hurt the most.
Tony felt his own eyes widen as Steve moved across the floor into Tony’s personal space.  Tony could smell the beer on his breath, see the pink tinge to his scalp through his blond hair.  Steve’s breath ghosted over Tony’s skin, and he felt goosebumps ripple out from his chest down his arms.  Steve reached out slowly, and Tony felt rooted to the spot.  He couldn’t stop Steve even if he’d wanted to.  Steve’s fingers brushed over the front of the arc reactor before drifting to feel the smooth edge of the metal casing.  Tony exhaled softly, watching his own breath stir Steve’s hair.  Steve looked up, and Tony became aware of the heat radiating off the smaller man from his sunburn.
Tony reached up and cupped Steve’s face, gently kissing him.  Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and buried his face into Tony’s neck.  He started to cry, his tears warm on Tony’s bare neck and chest.  Tony gently stroked the back of Steve’s head and murmured into his hair.
They left early the next morning, taking the road that overlooked Lake Mead before arriving at the Hoover Dam.  They parked on the Nevada side and walked out onto the dam until Tony was standing in Nevada and Steve in Arizona, looking out over the bright blue-green water.  They went on the dam and power plant tours, although Tony spent most of the time in the back muttering about how dumbed down the engineering explanations were.  Steve spent a long time looking at the topographical map from the 1940s with the original exhibit building on it.  They ended the day on the Bypass Bridge that overlooked the dam.
Steve turned from his drafting table.  “Well, they should be.  Not your fault you got mugged and had everything you own taken from you,” he answered, his expression clouding a little bit.  “Sorry that was your welcome to Brooklyn.  It’s a nicer place than that.”
The wind was blowing on the roof, and while it cooled Steve off, it didn’t help with the sticky feeling across his chest and hands, down his legs, and on his feet, the residue from his sweaty and ultimately restless night.
“What the fuck was that all about?” Tony said quietly to himself in the empty room.
Tony huffed out a laugh.  “Now, we both know
In addition to getting Bucky back, Steve also gained the Howling Commandos.  His loyalty to his men was absolute, and his dedication to helping win the war was just as solid.  He felt like he was born for this, and each mission the Howling Commandos completed pushed the Allies closer to the end of the war.  Victory seemed inevitable.  It was only a matter of time.
He drew a slow, shuddering breath, balling his hands into fists, his shoulders bunching up around his ears again.  It was easy to remember — so easy.  The elation of being chosen, the burning satisfaction of finally being right for once — that all the things he felt on the inside were finally recognized on the outside.  That he was meant for greater things.  “Dr. Erskine sat me down the night before and talked to me about being a good man, about how that was more important than being a soldier.  And I thought that was enough.  If I could do the things I’d been trained to do, and keep the parts of myself that had caused him to pick me — if I could do everything right, I could save lives and win the war.”
At night, alone in his workshop, trying not to think in Rogers and failing, Tony wished Rogers had killed him in Siberia.
Tony, the one who offered him a home.
So he did what he thought would work, not what he thought was right, but what would work.
Tony also loved Steve too much, more than he loved Pepper, even though he did everything he could to avoid it.
He didn’t expect it to end in a so bad way thought, but it did, and he should get over it.
But Tony just nodded in acceptance.
He then remembered Yinsen and his weapons and concluded that yes, he deserved it and in the end, he was going to die alone.
It was always  more complicated than that.
He learns what they mean, what Tony smiles are protecting and projecting, and it still hits him like Thor's hammer to his chest, the day he sits in the briefing room and Tony tells them he's leaving the Avengers and his smile--
The voice in the back of her mind is quiet by the time she finishes the sherry.
It's almost startling how he stays out of sight, how easy he capitulates to Tony sweeping in and taking control of SI.
The apartment itself had been furnished in a somewhat nondescript but comfortable style, but Steve thought he could see Tony’s fingerprints on some of it.  The couches were a comfortable dark brown leather, and the floor was some kind of dark synthetic wood.  There were thick, soft rugs on the floor and a fireplace set into one of the support beams in the glass wall with a balcony beyond.  The open living space led into a kitchen, with dark stone as the countertop.  There was a small sitting area, more intimate than the living room, set off from the kitchen.  Opposite the kitchen was a hallway that led down to what Steve assumed were bedrooms and a bathroom.
“That makes sense,” she acknowledged.
Bucky turned from the radio, still tuned to static, and gave him a dry look.  “You’re not an idiot,” he said.  “I know you have eyes in your head — you use them to watch him when he’s not looking.”
Steve woke up the next morning, his face smashed into the crook of Natasha’s knee.  She had slid down into the couch and was curled up against the arm.  He was still exhausted but felt lighter, as though he’d been hollowed out and part of his burden removed.
But that wasn’t the only thing.  Once Tony had tracked data on this for two cycles, he had Jarvis make observations about Steve’s performance.  It would slightly improve at the beginning, when he was cooking for himself.  It would then drastically improve during the time he was eating both in the common area and in his own kitchen.  It then dropped off once he cut his calories and only ate the food from the common area.   His mood and sleeping also followed the same trend.  It got to the point where Tony could tell almost with only a question and a glance where Steve was in his eating and cutting calories cycle.
But the most shocking things were the files Shield had given him.  The first he’d looked through was the file for Peggy, and he was proud of her for her long career.  She had built Shield from the ground up with Phillips and Stark, making it into an organization she could be proud of.  He was glad that she’d made herself a space in the world she had come to love, doing work that she excelled at.
Tony felt his own eyes fill up, and he rubbed Steve’s shoulder.  “She was the bravest person I ever knew,” he said, “and I don’t know how to get up after this.”
The summer faded into fall, and as far as Tony could tell, Steve didn’t tell Bucky about the arc reactor.  Tony was careful after that, only changing when alone, most of the time retreating to the toilet or bathroom with the door closed.  He was also careful to not strip down past an undershirt no matter how hot it got.  He could also feel Steve’s eyes following him when he was in his pajamas.  Steve didn’t crawl into bed with him again either, which Tony found he sincerely regretted.
Natasha stood up fluidly, bending her torso to each side before stretching her arms over her head.  “Tony — he doesn’t understand what it is to need material things,” she offered.  “I think that you and I had much more austere upbringings.  And when he sees something that he thinks can be easily fixed with money, he simply — makes the problem go away.”
There was gratitude in Steve’s eyes, and he shook his head a little at Tony’s response.  “I never deserved you and everything you did for me.”  Tony shrugged him off uncomfortably, waving his words away.  Steve took a long drink, and somehow the silence seemed a little less awkward.  “Are you out here working with Morgan a lot on her exhibit?” Steve finally asked, clearly looking for a more neutral topic.
Steve felt his apprehension spike up.  Something wasn’t right.  Loki was setting them up — setting Tony up — for something, and Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that they had walked right into the trap.
“Almost there,” Steve called.
Running his hand self-consciously over his hair, Tony felt a flash of vanity.  What did Steve really see when he looked at him?  The twisted skin on his right arm was visible where his own shirtsleeves were pushed up.  His fingers were no longer elegant and deft now that their range of motion was limited by scar tissue and contractures, not to mention the injured muscles and nerves in his forearm.  The scar tissue extended up onto his neck and the right side of his face, edging into his hair line.  There was white at his temples and streaked through his goatee and hair, which was still thankfully thick and curly.  His own face had a lot more wrinkles where it wasn’t scarred, the skin not as smooth as it used to be.  But he wasn’t
He could still see the light in Tony’s chest the night he’d turned twenty-one, watching it until he’d fallen asleep, only to wake up in Tony’s arms, pressed with his back against Tony’s chest.
Steve’s food consumption ran on cycles.  Right after his grocery deliveries, he ate by himself in his apartment.  His calorie consumption was high, mostly made up of pre-packaged foods high in fats and refined carbohydrates.  He usually gained some weight during this time, mostly in fat stores — not enough to be noticeable to the people around him but enough that it formed an inflection point when Jarvis graphed it.  As his grocery supplies dwindled, he first cut his calorie consumption and dropped the weight.  He then started eating more in the kitchen of the common area, often with the other Avengers.  As this food was generally fresher and overall healthier with less fat and fewer refined carbohydrates, his weight stabilized with the fat stores dropping and his muscle mass increasing.  Once his own kitchen was empty, he ate food exclusively from the common area kitchen, sometimes sneaking it back to his own apartment.  During this time, he cut his calorie intake even further, and his weight dropped, both in fat stores and muscle mass.  After about a week of this, he’d finally place a grocery order with Jarvis.  Once his groceries were delivered, the cycle started over again.
So after they met at the Bethesda Fountain and sent Loki and Thor back to Asgard, after Tony and Steve shook hands and Steve felt like Tony’s touch burned his skin, Steve packed up his motorcycle and left.  It was the freest he’d felt in a long time.  He simply left behind the apartment and everything in it; it all had been purchased by Shield anyway.  Steve was surprised at how liberating it was — he’d never walked away from anything before.
Thinking of the people he loved, of the way they smelled and how those scents could bring them back to him, he pulled out one of his sketchbooks.  With quick lines, he brought them back to life for a moment: his ma on the chair next to his bed, watching over him while he was sick, wisps of hair escaping from her bun.  Bucky, his head cocked to the side with a smirk, his arms thrown open, flush and insisting that they go to Coney Island for the day.  Tony, his clever hands busy as he fixed a typewriter he’d brought home from one of his clients.
Steve’s never needed to
Tony makes a noise, small and hurt, and Steve shifts. Tugs his gauntlet off, and Tony sees it.
"FRIDAY," he says, softly. He's watching the team settle into their rooms, watching the way they move around and with each other. Familiar and comfortable. It stings, and soothes, all at once.
“It--after he fell, one of the Howlies did one for me. Just a nautical star--but it was mine, it was for
what he wanted, he was--
, and--
and the hand in his hair vanishes. He can hear the clattering steps of Howard’s retreat and he can hear the noise Obie’s making, excuses that mean nothing, but all he can
"I'm working on that. Are you staying?"
Tony winces.
He's gasping when Steve breaks the kiss, when he mouths at Tony's jaw and his throat, nipping and sucking bruises, and Tony tips his head back, closes his eyes and hangs on.
Sam glares. "Why the hell aren't you pissed, Nat? And Rhodey--you--"
"The Avengers died," Tony says softly. "I killed them, when I left. But there is still something coming for us. Who's gonna defend us, during the next alien invasion? How are they going to, when the Accords that want to put them in a max security prison in the goddamn ocean?" He shrugs, spreads his hands. "I'm fixing the Accords because the world needs us to fix them."
The presence of his best friend, chaotic and wild and drugging, in his life.
“It’s
Right for the jugular, this one.
"Denial will do no good. The assassins were quite forthcoming, and Lord Stone turned on you the moment my spymaster slipped into his cell."
"He knows where to find me," Steve calls back and laughter, delighted and impossibly young, drifts back down.
Tony retreats. Steve expects it, and it
Before Bucky came back to life.
It was enough. Being the family he’d never had enough of. It wasn’t what Steve wanted, but he didn’t
“I’ll be on reserve. If you face another Insight, if the world is
“Obie,” he says, thoughtful, and then shakes it with a small smile. “I’m fine, Mama. I spent the past few days in bed with Steve, is all.”
I love you.”
Still.
She blinks at him, sphinx like and unreadable, and he hates when she blocks herself away like that. "Do you think he doesn't?" she asks, instead of answering, and he doesn't answer. He isn't sure how to answer, so he doesn't say anything.
“Do you remember that flight, when I was trying to get Bucky back?” Rogers asks, and Howard blinks. “I defied orders and flew behind enemy lines, bombed a HYDRA base single handedly for my
He crawls back into bed next to Steve, presses close to him and sighs as Steve inhales against his hair, presses a kiss to his temple and twines their legs together. "Where'd go?" he mumbles and Tony smiles.
Tony goes still, and Rhodey's stomach turns, unpleasantly. "You can, you know. Who you love won't change anything," Rhodey says, gently.
"I know," Clint grumbles and Steve tips his head, curious and eyes bright.
"Of course he is," Steve repeats. "He's got a thousand safeguards built into the suit. He's fine."
Ana nods, and then. "The captain. Is he safe for Tony to be around?"
Tony throws one last look at the field. It’s madness, and Bucky has vanished, along with the Knight of Stars. Thor is leading the melee, wielding that damn hammer of his while keeping his gaze fixed on the royal box.
meet Tasha--before she says. "Tony let me crash in his guest wing when my parents kicked me out last summer. You watch that man stumble around looking for coffee after twenty hours in his workshop and tell me he isn't an idiot."
Tony blinks at them, a hysterical laugh stuck in his throat, and clenches his hand. His rings--Pepper’s and Steve’s--dig into his palm, grounding and familiar.
Of all the things the world has called him, that is the only one he's loved, wholehearted and unreserved. "I'm the Futurist, and I'm looking to the future."
Howard, he thinks absently, spoiled her with shiny trinkets.
He comes back from the war and it’s not the same.
"Stark hasn't made a statement about the SHRA," Steve says, because that's one of the most reported facts about the proposed bill. That Ironman
He looks at her, and arches an eyebrow. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Steve spits into the sink, rinses and straightens and Tony is still staring at him, eyes hopeful and impatient, familiar in a face that is still sometimes unfamiliar, and he nods. “The tattoo--it helped me feel like this was actually my body, not something I was shoved into, that was eating up Steve Rogers. It
It was fitting, Tony thought, then and now, to give a ring of dreams to Steve.
There's tears in his eye, but his voice is steady, firm, and Steve--Steve has spent two years loving this boy, learning him, he
It doesn’t make
“I think Rogers just put Tony’s personal monster in the hospital. I think none of us know how the hell that’s gonna change things,” Rhodey says, and Happy isn’t sure if that’s good or bad.
them, he knows what they mean, separately.
Steve nods, sits back, his heart tripping along too fast in his chest and Clint sighs. "My point is--we all know asking you to stay outta trouble is a losing job. It's why Boss changed how we're supposed to handle you."
He holds him down, wrists caught above Tony’s head, just to see the pretty arch of his body when he fights the hold, just to feel the delicate bones shifting under his grip, knowing he’d never hurt Tony.
Steve tortures and kills Tiberius--it's fairly graphic.
"Not you. But he would hurt anyone around you," Steve says, gently.
Steve’s alone in the art store--close enough to closing that the last of the classes have cleared out and he’s finished straightening up. He’s sketching and waiting for the clock to click over, when the door clatters, and James Rhodes steps into the store.
"That doesn't mean he'd support this," Steve snaps, and Bucky is quiet.
"No," Tony shakes his head. It's sharp, final, unyielding, and Steve wants to live in the warmth of that single word, all of Tony's love packed into it.
Tony groans when Steve tugs at the plug he finds, tugs until the widest point stretches his pink hole and Tony’s on his tiptoes, keening. Distantly, a dog is barking and he can hear that family laughing, but the world is narrowed down to Tony under his hands and his pretty moans and the warm sun beating down against his neck when he drops the plug and shoves his fingers into his tight hot hole.
“I couldn’t save you. Not then. So I came here. To save you from everything that had ever hurt you.”
"You're not at SI," Steve says, sharply. "This is Avenger's HQ."
"It's time to let go now, Tony," she says gently. "For both of us."
Tony makes a noise, hurt and hungry and shoves, presses a hand to his mouth because he feels sick, wildly off balance.
That doesn't matter
"It's been six fucking
Rhodey snarls, and Happy smiles, a little grim.
He’d never meant to marry Peggy--but he tore time apart, for Tony.
Tony wants to protest.
Something else happens, in that nebulous golden time, when Tony is running SI and they are living quiet and unbothered at the top of the city.
"It's gathering steam," Rhodey says, reluctantly. "I'm keeping an eye on it, but--it could be something serious."
“So we let them be?”
There are bruises on his skin, so familiar Steve almost doesn’t notice them anymore, except that he has always noticed everything about Tony, impossible to overlook, impossible to look away.
"Thanks for the assist, man," the kid shouts, and Steve watches as he scales the wall, "But Mr. Stark is gonna lose his shit if you don't get outta here."
“Bluh?”
“I know,” Tony says, “But it’s Howard. That’s just--you can’t expect much from Howard, Steve. He’s not good at living up to anyone’s expectations.”
He flicks a holo screen up and opens the dossier.
That wounded exhaustion and Sam’s warning look keeps his mouth shut for a moment, but then, “Are you ok?”
Her lips press together, and she looks away, but not before he sees the tears in her eyes.
Tony gasps, moans and presses back. "Please," he begs, almost senseless with it and Steve laughs, a dark rippling noise before he presses his cock in.
After that day, Howard’s funeral, when she’d slapped Tony while he changed his suit--his hands clench, remembering, the red print on his skin, the light bruise and the tender way he’d winced, when Steve kissed him.
The aerial shots of the Raft and Ross' involvement in Insight and Harlem.
And it's that, more than anything, that convinces him, the way that Steve dips down and licks into his mouth, nips at his lower lip with that perfect balance of pleasure pain pressure, before he licks past Tony's teeth, into the wet warmth of his mouth, chasing the groan that Tony gives up without thought.
when he hears it.
. Still. One more night.
Rogers and Barnes aren't. They're gone. They're both gone, and he's alone with nothing at all.
"If you and Rhodes don't get distracted," Steve says, lazily, and Tony grins at him.
, a desperation that makes Tony look away because that kind of raw vulnerability is--should be--private.
Tony has always been his lifeline.
"Stark," Bucky says and Steve stills at the note in his voice. "Can he undo this?"
"It's a
Steve frowns, and he doesn’t
He shoves that down, because he's never had the luxury, and clicks through.
, and Tony--Tony should never be scared, not of his father, not of losing Steve.
"I do too, sweetheart," Steve says easily. "But if we moved, we could get that big king size bed you're always goin’ on about."
They don’t speak, as they retreat.
Before Ultron. Before JARVIS was killed.
Steve arches an eyebrow at him, and Tony hides his smile behind half his burger. “About Flybird’s ink?”
Not when he came out. SHIELD would have recorded that. A question burns in his throat, but Steve--Steve’s pushing himself out of the booth, muttering about the bathroom, and Tony swallows the question with the last of his milkshake.
“So you set up this meeting,” Howard says, slowly.
He’d wrapped his hands around Tony, let his fingers brush the crease of his ass and dragged him closer, nudged his nose just a little to get the angle just so and then kissed him, slow and drugging, like he was fucking him lazy and adoring and hungry.
They’re lying in bed, and Tony is gasping, a wet hungry sound that’s settled in his balls, and Steve--
"We should go home," he says, decisively. Thor
“I came back for you,” Steve says because he’s never told Tony that and never realized he needed to. It startles Tony silent and Steve shifts. Sits up and says, “In the original timeline--you weren’t mine. You were--the world hurt you. It hurt you until you broke, except you never did. You never lost your kindness. And I hurt you. I didn’t--it was never what I wanted. But I did. And you died.” He chokes, the horror of that moment, when Tony’s heartbeat stuttered and faded and
addressed it.
"What the hell did he do?"
It's raining and his tux is ruined, and Tony is walking away from him.
He doesn't remember going down. He remembers the IUD's going off and the world going up in flames and chaos, can remember the gun in his hand and the blood and screams.
the enhanced individuals who protect it," he answers.
“You like it, baby,” Steve says mildly. “When I gotta force you. When it burns and you fight me a little and I
“Tell me again,” Tony says, that sleep post-coital glow burned away. “Tell me like you do when I call you.”
Tony shakes his head but his eyes smile.
He wonders if Bucky remembers the burnt synagogue they found in the war. He wonders if Bucky remembers the bodies they found thrown by a set of tracks, women stripped naked and bloated in the sun and they could still see the bones pressed against their skin.
T’Challa nods at something Shuri is murmuring and the princess smirks and peels away from his side to beeline for Bucky, her eyes bright and amused.
“Steve,” he breathes. Steve rolls into him, gathers him, bruised and dirty and beautiful, into his arms and kisses him, deep and claiming, a kiss that
He does.
How he’d treated her, how he’d
"Then it'll be a very thorough burn pile," Steve says, evenly and Sam sighs. Natasha doesn’t say anything, but a smile, small and secretive, flickers at the edge of her mouth.
Steve kisses him, a hard press to his sternum. "We--you could pretend. If you wanted. It wouldn't be forever--"
“Tell me,” he orders, bratty and demanding and Steve smiles.
Wanda is almost bristling.
"Tony is never awake this early," he snaps. "I'll attend him in his workshop."
“No,” Rhodey says gently. “Not ever. Rogers would die before he hurts Tony. It’s not--it’s not healthy, what they’re doing. But it’s not going to put Tony in danger, either.”
Steve smiles, sharp and wicked. "I'm counting on it."
They should eat it.
Tony laughs, a breathy dark noise. “Liar. Fucking monster cock never slides right in.”
It’s different even from the months in the past, when they didn’t sleep together, but everything else was stripped away and they were forced together.
No. The answer is no. Neither of them are ready. It doesn't mean that today won't happen.
laugh this time, salutes as the two thugs skirt around him and almost fall over themselves in their haste to get away.
"You're alive," he says, disbelieving because Steve's here in his arms and the ring is on his finger but. It doesn't feel real.
better.
she says, and it comes out exhausted and defeated. “I tried so hard to turn this around.”
“He’s in Philly, visiting Rhodey.”
They don't talk, right away. There's the mess of getting home, finishing the mission, getting the collar off Wanda and containing her wild, uncontrolled fury in the aftermath. There's Clint's rage to handle, his fury burning hot and deep and
"It's a good plan," Steve says, defensive.
He doesn't know if he believes that. But he thinks maybe--maybe if Nat believes it--maybe that will be enough.
Before the team started to fracture.
“I love you,” Steve corrects. “Then and now. Forever.”
“Gonna put on a show, baby?” Steve teases, and Tony mewls, needy and small and so damn pretty.
Wants to punch back and kick him while he’s down.
He didn't regret it.
are you doing?”
"To be fair, babe, he hasn't avoided a fight since he was six," Bucky interjects.
Steve laughs and Tony rolls into him, slides down his cock and licks the laughter tinged groan right from his lips.
Not when Peggy died alone and forgotten.
He didn’t see Howard, but he saw Rogers, saw the way he was covered in blood, his fist busted to hell, and still so goddamn gentle with Tony.
Tony laughs, startled and Steve catches him, drags him over to straddle him and Tony shifts, biting his lip as he slides down Steve’s cock, pain pinching his face before it smoothes out into pure pleasure.
as that easy promise settles over him with the weight of a vow.
is falling, and Steve is flying away with Barnes, and everything has spiraled so far out of his control, and he screams as he dives after Rhodey.
Who Tony dates is not his business. Tony left the team and he left Tony and there's no room, in the mess of their relationship, for
She breaks off and extends it. "Tomorrow I want to call the godsmen. I want to dissolve our vows."
Stupid, is what it is.
the Cassandra Protocol, helped write it, had it fucking memorized, he knew that this was it, that next was the steps to protect the world, against whatever threats they faced.
One little touch, a brush of his fingers against Roger's shoulder, and he'd dropped Howard, forgot him like he didn't even exist.
"I don't think that concerns you," he says.
"Ms. Maximoff," he murmurs, and Wanda snorts.
“Wanna go get a burger with me?” he asks, instead, and a smile, small and real, spreads across his lips.
to listen, tries to hear anything more than,
Of Tony, crouched and curled protectively around himself, and how quick he’d assumed that position makes something twist, angry and burning in his belly.
"You will come, on your feet and in your own clothes, or on your knees by my hand," Rhodes says, evenly and Stane jerks back a little. Stares at him. "
Wants to scream,
In the honeymoon suite, Rhodey leaves the deed to a house in the Hamptons.
He hears Clint gasp, a shocked hurt noise, but it's so far away it feels like it's someone else. "Fuck you," he grits out, and Tony smiles, and it's sick and empty and Steve--
Bruce is still missing.
They fight and it's nothing they haven't done before, but it feels
, Ironman will come. But I—I’ve done this superhero thing long enough,” he says.
"He was going to kill Bucky," Steve says, tired. "I had to--"
“You’re dating his college roommate.”
It’s been seven months, since Thanos, since using that fucking gauntlet that almost killed him, that took his arm and changed his world, and didn’t change a goddamn thing, either.
Bucky, and he's impossibly beautiful, gleaming red and gold and deadly above the battle.
“And your guests?” she asks.
"You ready?" he asks, and Steve shudders against him.
AHH, thank you so much for reading! This
Tony has always been too beautiful for him to look away.
"Why can't we trust the team?" Steve adds, looking at him.
"Not everything has to be hard, sweetheart," Steve points out, and Tony nods. Steve hits a particularly tense muscle and he groans, his head dropping down to hang loose and floppy.
He felt like the shittiest person in the world.
And then he heard Tony’s muttered question: “What the fuck was that?”
“I’ve learned a few things about being sick,” Steve answered.
“I don’t even know what that means,” Steve snapped back, suddenly exhausted.
He could feel the terror creeping in, the feeling that had engulfed him that day Tony had disappeared.  The numbing cold started at his feet, seeping in like it had that morning when he’d run out into the snow barefoot.  It spread through his limbs into his torso, wrapping itself around his heart, squeezing until it felt hard for him to breathe.
Tony felt a flash of anger at Bucky explaining to
Steve startled, knocking the bowl of popcorn off Natasha’s lap and scattering it all over the floor.  He threw off the blanket and scrambled into a sitting position before Natasha grabbed his wrist.  “Pneumonia?  Antibiotics?” Steve said, a little frantically.  He tried to pull his wrist from Natasha’s grasp, but she wouldn’t let go.  “Is he okay?  What do you mean, observed in a medical facility?”
He rode past the Santa Monica pier, where he now knew Tony had taken his first test flight, and through all of the Beaches: Long, Huntington, Newport, and Laguna.  He even went to a Dodgers game at Dodgers Stadium, only to see them lose to the Mets in what Steve saw as the height of bitter irony.
“Why would he talk to you about us?”  Steve could hear the surprise in Tony’s response, as well as something else: uneasiness.  It was Tony’s voice he heard over the comms, but Steve knew from experience that
It was the first time he could remember being truly happy since he’d woken up in this century.
“See, Pepper tells me it’s not really an apology if I focus on being right,” Tony answered, trying for some levity.
Natasha rounded on him as soon as the door closed, but Tony held up his hands in placation before she could say anything.  “I swear, I was only trying to help,” he said.  “I know he grew up during the Depression and probably went hungry a lot.  I don’t want him to feel like he needs to do that here.  I can see now how this looks.  I got a little caught up in the data.  It’s pretty interesting, and I never expected to find — but that’s obviously not the point,” he hastily said as Natasha began to move towards him.  “I’ll figure out something to make it up to him.”
Tony felt himself choke at the mention of the company that would go on to publish the Captain America comics during World War II.  He’d had the entire run as a kid thanks to Howard.  He coughed violently for a few seconds before it passed.   “Sorry,” he said hoarsely, “wrong pipe.”  He shook his head, wondering if Steve ended up drawing for Timely Comics before Project Rebirth.
Steve gently swatted at the back of his head, and Tony laughed again.
Unnecessary.
Steve also sat back in the chair, although he didn’t look very comfortable.  “Sleep well, I guess,” Tony said as he clicked the lights back off.
“A relative, actually,” Loki said.  He spread his arms wide.  “He had a yearning to see Midgard, and who am I to deny him?”
Steve reached out and put a hand on Tony’s knee, the warmth soaking through the fabric to his skin.  “What —“ Tony had to stop, his voice rough with emotion before he could continue, “What did you contribute for her exhibit?”
Bucky looked at the drawing before giving Steve an incredulous look.  “He has this thing in his chest, and all you can tell me is
Tony glanced at him, suddenly looking young and vulnerable.  “Now?” he asked, his voice soft and hoarse, barely carrying to where Steve was next to him.  “Now are you going to put me into the cell?”
“What if I arrest you before you shoot me?” Steve asked without any heat.
“We still can’t cure falling from over a hundred feet into an icy cold river,” Natasha said, mimicking his gesture of looking around.  “Neighbors are less friendly.  You know more about your old ones than the current ones.”  She pulled out her cell phone and waved it at him.  “People would rather spend all day looking at these than talking to each other.  If you could — would you go back?”
Tony hesitated.  He felt gratitude wash over him.  Sure, he was in an unknown time where everything — well, everything except the man in front of him — was unfamiliar.  He felt tired down to his bones, knowing that for the foreseeable future, everything would be a struggle.  How to get money, where to stay, what to wear, what to eat.  But Steve had taken him in and taken care of him, making sure he was clean and safe and giving him what he could, most of all peace of mind.
Tony glanced over his shoulder to see the giant’s blue head above the trees between the terrance and the docks.  It was staggering backwards, a few steps away from overbalancing and falling into water.  It was still destroying the tops of the trees with great sweeps of its arms.
“Of course I did,” Steve answered, still half asleep.  “You don’t have to be alone.”
Steve tried to have a good night for Bucky that night — he really did.  But seeing Howard Stark on the stage only made him ache for Tony, remembering the showmanship that he’d brought to his handyman business.  The flying car seemed like a publicity stunt after the beautiful blue light that had shown from Tony’s chest, and Steve would have done a lot more than try his hand at joining the Army one last time to get away from the memories that threatened to overwhelm him after watching Stark on stage.
“The radio,” Tony answered.  “You listened to it all the time.  And then you stopped after your mother died.  Did you ever turn it on again?”
Steve seemed to make his own concerted effort to stay away from Tony as well after that.  Tony made a full recovery as expected, back to his usual health a few weeks later when an assemble call came for the Avengers.  When they arrived at Central Park, they were surprised to find a blue giant freezing the Lake and trees.
Sometimes, when he woke up from a nightmare in the middle of the night, he felt so cold that his teeth chattered and he couldn't stop shivering for a long time, even if Bucky wrapped him in a blanket and increased the temperature of the room, looking at Steve with some sort of helpless sadness.
Not because they couldn't, but because they didn't want to. They didn't want to listen to Tony and Rhodey couldn't understand why.
Tony wondered why, he had it worst before, hell, he was sure he was dying before and he didn’t feel so bad, and believe it, to know that you are dying and that there is nothing to do about it? It hurts like hell. So he didn’t know what to think about his actual situation.
And Tony knew they would have worked, Tony was sure of it, but the universe disagreed and there was nothing he could do about it.
Steve was always cold, since Siberia, walking in heavy coats and gloves even in the hot and humid climate of Wakanda.
Tony was not strong enough, he never was.
Tony loved her too much.
Beautiful and strong Pepper.
The one who explained to Steve that not everything people say is literal, but sometimes just a joke.
Clint nodded, one of the first reports they received was that Tony was covering for Barton's family and that they were safe, which obviously added another weight to Clint's shoulders.
"Tony," she said, pulling the man into a hug. She kissed the crown of his head before continuing "I will not question it again if it is about this, but we know it is not"
It was easier to deal with hatred than with the idea of friendship in some way so that in the end he would be left alone, as he knew it would happen, sooner or later. As always.
Pepper disagreed, she just wanted Tony to live the rest of his days in peace, far away from pain and sacrifices.
Tony knew that this, this little family that he had created for himself in his head, his little moment of happiness, had come to an end.
Rhodey said the avengers would arrive the following week.
Steve would only feel the cold a little less when the Wakanda sun started to appear through the window, the light illuminating the room.
His parents, Jarvis, Ana, Rhodey, yes, Rhodey, because yes, they spoke to each other from time to time, but he spent 80% of his time in military service, even Pepper.
That look never left Pepper’s face after that.
Sometimes, when Steve was shaking so badly that his teeth chattered so much that Bucky would worry that he would bite his tongue out, he could also see blood.
Pepper hired a nurse.
Which was strange because Steve still couldn't really be with him, not as he should, not as the one who carried his soul mark in the center of his back should be. Not the way they were before.
And Steve recognized all of that. Just as he recognized the feeling that had settled in his chest over time, a feeling that he knew very well and that he never thought he would feel again, not after Bucky.
Guilt because Steve knew he was wrong. He recognized that, not only now but the moment he planted the shield on Tony's chest, hell, even before that, Steve knew he was wrong, but he didn't want to deal with it, he didn't even want to think about listening and having Bucky escaping between his fingers once again.
Steve was just grateful that Tony had survived, he was sure he couldn't cope if he had died, the moment he planted the shield on his chest something very wrong had happened inside Steve. He could feel something breaking, spreading in his chest, a sense of terror, almost like a disease, spreading slowly.
When the finished version of the Accord arrived in the hands of Rogues Steve just confirmed what he already knew, that they made a lot of mistakes in many ways, maybe he was making mistakes from a long time ago.
Nobody ever listened.
Tony looked at her for the first time since she entered the room and something Pepper must have seen there because her features have turned dark.
Tony was always so much more than Steve could be, he just hid it behind false arrogance, his way of driving people away.
And he could stop shivering, even if there was no more snow, even if Bucky would hug him, trying to warm his body.
And yet he loved her with all his heart.
He couldn’t put in words how thankful he was for them, so he would use his money to buy them a lot of expansive presents and they would get it because they knew Tony was bad with feelings.
Because spider man would need it because after Tony was gone, there would be nobody else to help him.
And he almost did it, Tony wished he could have done it, it would be simpler and it would be less bad than doing it on his own, it would hurt Rhodey and Pepper less, it would direct their anger at someone other than Tony.
Steve was grateful because while Bucky was in the cryogenic chamber and he had to go through this alone, the impression he had was that the night would never end, each night seemed some kind of horror movie where he would get stuck in his own head and couldn't get out, visualizing his own nightmares over and over.
Tony just kept proving how stupid Steve was.
“Sometimes me too”
He wasn't very happy, but Tony pushed and kept pushing.
Tony had been used to the idea that he was going to die alone for more than thirty years, and it was hard, at first, to live knowing that nobody would love you, and after some time, he started to hate his mark.
Just a little longer.
There, alone in the snow, watching the armor turn on and off a few times, struggling to protect its creator until it couldn't and Tony didn't hade Fryday's voice with him anymore, Tony wondered if he really deserved it all.
Unfortunately, work didn’t wait and Tony had a lot to do, even if he just wanted to lie in his bed and never get up again.
But it was proved wrong when he discovered the size of the secret he had hidden from him.
Sometimes Steve wondered why they took the trouble to bring him back from the ice if the only thing he was going to do was screw it up.
Then, one night, she would go to his house to keep him company, and he would find out that she knew about his soul mark.
Steve threw up every time he thought about it. Shuri even offered to have him examined, but Steve knew that wasn't a problem, not with his health.
He did everything knowing that he was wrong, that he would never forgive himself and that he would never be forgiven, but even so, he kept going, just a little more, he would tell himself.
The journey back to the United States was silent and long. In the jet, the mood was heavy and nobody looked at anyone.
And something in his chest was relieved every time Steve realized he was there, within reach, maybe not happy, but he wasn't suffering either.
"I don't need to make anyone else suffer from this Pep, can I just let him enjoy it while he can?"
Roger hated him the first time they meet.
Steve couldn't stop shivering.
Rhodey did not comment on the situation and Tony insisted on training even more with Peter, demanding more of the boy, more of himself, as if that would remove the shadow of pain that filled the youngest's eyes every time he looked at him.
Rhodey took a leave of absence from the military when he found out, Tony tried to protest, he didn’t want to disrupt their lives any more than he already did, but Rhodey was vehement.
No one else said anything, not even when Steve started to shiver.
With a heavy heart, Steve sighed and followed Vision.
When he was four he tried to burn it out of his skin.
Tony was always “too much”, in many ways, very needy, very exhibited, very irresponsible. Pepper was a woman who liked exact, certain things, not too much. The excess danger that accompanied the Iron man drove her away, she said, but Tony suspected it was not just that.
"Tony"
"Look" Bucky started, his voice low but in the jet's silence, the voice reverberated "I know I don't have much to say, I didn't know the Avengers before this shitshow happened, but I was there when you guys fought and I know it was ugly, but if he is letting you come back is because something can still be done. No?"
But it hurt anyway, even if Pepper kept telling him how pride he was of him. It hurts to know that Steve had crashed his heart and that would be it. It made his stomach hurt and his head felt dizzy, but Pepper still felt proud of him, so at last, he knew that he must be doing something right.
But he kept trying, hoping that if somehow he was good enough, maybe he could fix what was broken with himself.
While looking at the ceiling, Tony asked himself if it wasn't better to just let the bad thoughts flow, maybe someday he would gather the courage to finish everyone suffering because Tony knew that he was just avoiding the inevitable.
T'Challa stopped him before he had a chance and explained that Tony Stark was in a hospital... After spending 8 hours in the snow, alone, waiting for death to spare him.
Two super soldiers against his armor.
Sometimes Tony would look at them and it was like he could see them braking with that thought. Because Tony would die, and there was nothing they could do about it.
He should say that to her, but he probably wouldn't.
He didn’t want to feel that way, not because of Rogers, not because of Barnes, not because Avengers had split, because he had known it would happen sometime, he prepared himself for it, every fuckying day.
"I know what you're doing, Mr. Stark" She started to approach, but her voice was sweet, as well as her eyes. She no longer looked like she had been crying for hours every day, there was something soft around her eyes "and I think you do too."
He always needed them.
The one who told stories about what happened to his war colleagues after Steve went on the ice, even though it was clear that Tony did not like the subject.
Pepper hugged him with everything she had in her on the day that he screamed so much with a few representatives of the accords for forgiveness to the rogues.
Because after a while it was easy to see that he was anything but arrogant. All the sarcasm being just another form of armor that he used to hide his own weaknesses.
But it was hard when you knew that they would arrive so soon.
Neither Rhodey nor Pepper said anything, even if one of them was always there, watching his back, present while training with Peter, waiting on the TV room when he was having his therapy sessions or watching with curious eyes what he was doing in his workshop. Most of the time it was Rhodey since he would live with Tony until he died.
“No, Steve. We're not going to go into that now, but he hates me and yet he allowed me to go with you when he didn't have to, and we all know he didn't have to. If he managed to do that, I think he can forgive you.”
Steve couldn't stop shivering.
That day Tony slept embraced with Rhodey, his head against his chest. In the dark Tony vocalized one of the few thoughts he had had for many years, since MIT.
Tony realized a few days later, in the few times he would be alone since he was under their watch since he came back from Siberia, that he loved them unconditionally, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy.
Steve was cold.
The one who gave him a home.
After that, they stopped listening to him.
Bucky never commented or asked why, but Steve figured he already had the answer.
There was nothing else to do about Rogers or his ex-friends. What was left was to accept and try to live the little time he had left by saving as many people as possible, and if he wanted to do that, he needed them.
Tony had to do something about it, which meant that he needed to upgrade his armor constantly, stronger, faster. Tony made one from Peter too, but it would be an inheritance.
The next day, after Tony's session with the psychiatrist which means that he was already feeling like shit because talking about his nightmares to a woman that was being paid to listen was stressful as fuck, Peter arrived for his training session, shoulder-to-shoulder with Rhodey. When their eyes met, the boy collapsed in tears and sobs.
And then Siberia happened and Tony was again reminded that he was worthless, that his soul mark had no meaning and that no one was willing to listen to him.
Tony also started to call Peter to the compound more, he had little time, and God, how Tony hated to think about it, it was not nearly enough time for him to learn what he needed without being guided in a more direct approach, if he let the kid by himself he couldn't think about what kind of problems he would create.
The chance that Yinsen had given him and he realized then how ironic it was.
His therapist said that he shouldn’t think of his feelings like that and that it was normal to feel hurt, that he should let himself fell it, and not bottle it up until it ends in an episode.
Tony kinds of hate his therapist.
Maria believed that it meant that something evil lived in Tonty, back then, taking so many pills, she would say how much of a bad person he was, how creep he was, how evil.
Tony sighed, adjusting his head so that it leaned right where he could hear Peper's heartbeat, loud, steady, unlike his beat, which grew weaker and weaker.
The one that let Steve into his workshop when he had a nightmare, even if he wouldn't let anyone else.
The love of his life.
And they couldn't.
Blood, so much blood.
And he was sure he would never be.
Steve hadn't seen blood at the time, but he knew that behind that armor there must have been a lot. His stomach churned at the thought and he needed to run to the bathroom to vomit whatever he had consumed, which wasn't much these last few days.
Growing up with that knowledge and with Howard as a father was not easy, but Tony managed.
Peter blossomed in Tony's constant presence, opening himself to Tony and siking more and more for his advice and tips. It was adorable, to say the least, although Tony would never admit it out loud.
Then, Tony grew and started to accept (actually not) the fact that his soulmates weren't alive anymore, Tony even found some comfort in that, knowing he wouldn’t take someone’s light in the same way that Howard did with his mother.
He never fixed, but he also didn't want Peter to have this kind of incentive, so he tried in other forms, in the form of a mentor, in the form of what spider man needed.
Bucky waited a little to respond, testing the words in his tongue before speaking.
One day, when Rhodey was resolving the Avengers issue which meant that Pepper was the one who should stay to keep him company, she entered the workshop where Tony made yet another armor, trying to make one that performed well under the water so that the movement was fluid and the pressure did not crush it.
None of them even discussed the elephant in the room.
Tony didn’t blame her, because he knew it was going to end one day.
Because Tony always wanted a lot of things in this life, and, differently of what people usually thought, most of the time he wouldn't get things the way he wanted.
He buried himself in his armors, upgrading it and forcing himself not to think, not in his inevitable death that seemed to approach fast, not in his friends, not in the ones that weren't his friends anymore, and primordially, he tried very hard not to think in his soulmates.
And he knew it would hurt, and that it would be awful, but he was made of iron and he needed to be strong enough. He needed to pay for his sins because that's what he had to do.
When he finished building it, Tony felt like crying.
But he still loved Steve, even if he hated Tony. So, when the news that Bucky was alive reached his ears he locked himself down on his workshop for a whole week and tried to prepare himself for what was about to come.
Natasha turned towards him and froze, warning in every line of her body.  “Bagels first,” she said ominously, “and then I’ll put you through your paces in the gym.  You won’t need a run.”
Bucky clicked his heels together, pulling himself up to his full height, throwing a jaunty salute, complete with a smirk.  “Sir, yes sir,” he said.
The room was warm, and the silence wasn’t uncomfortable.  Steve was aware that he
Bucky burst out laughing at that.  “Sounds about right.”  Bucky turned to the last drawing, the one of Tony asleep on the bed.  “You should’a told him, pal,” he said.
Tony got Steve to stand, and he wrapped him in a towel, gently rubbing at his hair, arms, and chest to help dry him off.  Steve was facing him when he lifted his eyes to Tony’s, the first eye contact he’d made since Tony had sat him down at the table three days ago.  He reached over, placing a wet palm on Tony’s chest.  “Can I see it?” he asked.
Tony lifted his head, and the exhaustion was clear in his eyes, the sweat rolling down his face and catching in his hair.  He breathed heavily, struggling with every breath even just sitting on the jumpseat, and Steve realized that Tony was probably sitting like that because he was so weak he couldn’t even hold the suit upright.  “You said before — you can’t do this — and I thought —“
“Wait,” Tony said, and he scooted closer, peering around Steve to find a pile of socks stacked neatly by his thigh with skeins of almost-matching thread sitting next to the socks.  “Are you fixing
In hindsight, Tony realized it was a little invasive.  But his curiosity was piqued, and at his core, he was a scientist who made observations, developed hypotheses, and then tested them.  And boy did he learn some things he didn’t expect.
“You okay, Stevie?” Bucky asked finally, clearly worried.
Once the water was warm, he poured it from the kettle back into the basin and knelt before Tony.  Dampening one of the towels and lathering up the soap, Steve gently washed him: first his face, wiping away the tears both old and new — then the dirt from his feet — and finally his hands, tracing the tendons along the back of Tony’s fingers before turning his hands over to clean the palms.
Steve dropped his head, running his other hand through his hair.  “You could say that,” he said into his chest.
Bucky hesitated, looking directly into Steve’s eyes.  “He’s gone.”
He was such an idiot.
“I’m not going to lay Tony’s weak spots bare just because you ask, Steve,” Natasha said.  She touched his shoulder, her hand warm even through the soft fabric of his t-shirt.  “You have to ask him yourself,
Things seemed a little easier after that.  He could tell that Tony was avoiding him — he stopped coming to dinner, and Steve suspected that Jarvis kept him appraised of Steve’s movements so that they didn’t accidentally bump into each other.  Steve still felt the ache of Tony’s absence, but it didn’t hurt as much with Natasha.
When Tony woke up again, the light from the window had lengthened across the floor, and he guessed it was late afternoon.  He could hear voices in the kitchen: the lower rumble of who must be Bucky with the slightly higher counterpoint of Steve.  He lay still, shamelessly listening.
“Well, prison will do that,” Tony said.  He lifted his hands a little higher.  “If I blast you now, what’s the likelihood we can subdue your weird, poorly socialized cousin over there?”
Tony swung the door until it was almost completely shut but didn’t latch it, still a little uncomfortable with the idea of shutting Steve out of his room when Tony still felt like a guest.   He had no idea how long Loki’s magic would keep him here, so he tried not to get too comfortable.  When Bucky was off, he slept on the couch, and he vowed that, in a few weeks, he’d find his own place.  Of course, it was a ridiculous thought, the way he’d slotted into Steve and Bucky’s life, like he really was the cousin from Iowa in the big city to find work.
“I know you will.”  He gave Tony a smile before leaving, closing the door quietly behind him.
Steve would watch over him and keep him safe, just like Tony had always believed he could.
Tony had to resist the urge to look around at the bareness of the apartment.
Bucky approached him, not offering his hand, and came to a stop just a little too close for comfort but still far enough away that he could claim he didn’t mean anything by it if Tony called him out.  Bucky gave him an assessing look from toes to head, and Tony recognized the dance if not the particular moves Bucky was utilizing — he was feeling Tony out, trying to get a sense of his intentions.  This was the man who would become the sniper in the Howling Commandos, and Tony understood in that moment that it wasn’t because of any specific training — although that certainly had helped.  It was what Bucky did instinctively.  He’d been watching Steve’s back long before either of them were in the Army.  It wasn’t an accident that Bucky died to save Steve on that train.  He would have done it here in Brooklyn too if he’d needed to.  Steve — his Steve, in his time — had told him once that, after the serum and after Azzano, Bucky had told him that little guy from Brooklyn who was too dumb to run away from a fight — Bucky was following him, not Captain America.
“I mean, I kind of get it for him.  His reputation at this point precedes him.  He had to switch hit — no self-respecting woman would want him to put his dick in —“
Wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck, Tony pulled back a little, giving him a wicked grin.  “Oh, definitely the first,” he replied.  “I need to be put into my place.”  Steve gave him an indulgent smile and kissed him, pushing him against the window with a gentle thump.
Steve threw the punch with his left hand, abruptly cutting the guy off.  He staggered back, covering his face with his hands, blood dripping through his fingers, until he tripped and fell onto his butt, skidding up against the brick wall.
A cup of coffee when Tony needed it most.
“I need you to breathe a little slower,” Bucky said, panic creeping into the edge of his voice as he put his arm around the back of Steve’s chair.  “In for four and out for six, remember?”  Steve struggled to follow Bucky’s instructions, his wheezing getting worse as his breathing became more erratic.  It was only when Steve turned to Tony, his blue eyes wide with terror, that Tony realized what the problem was.
Steve looked at his drawing, adding some final touches, and remembered the discussions with Bucky, the threats to leave Brooklyn and never come back during the worst of the Depression.  To go west and find a better life like the pioneers they’d learned about in school.  Bucky had romanticized the Colorado River and the Grand Canyon, telling Steve that it would be the most impressive thing they would ever see in their lives and how much better their lives could be away from the city.  Steve had been uninterested, but for a while Bucky had been obsessed.  He’d poured over maps, following the Colorado River from its headwaters at La Poudre Pass Lake to where it crossed into Utah before turning south into Arizona.  He’d plotted out what trains could take them to the new national park there, dedicated in 1919 at the end of the Great War.  He’d calculated out how much each ticket would cost and how long it would take for them to save enough for the trip from Colorado to Mexico, following the path of the river and spending the most time at the Grand Canyon.  He’d taken books out of the Brooklyn Library about it and told Steve about how the forces of the river had shaped the canyon over time.
His vision swam for a moment, the room going unfocused, and Steve felt more than remembered the warm heaviness of his limbs that night from being out all day in the sun, the looseness of being comfortable with friends, of a few beers in his stomach.  Of being full and happy, literally sustained by Tony’s gifts of food and drink.
The moment dragged on until he knew they had to close the portal. — and with that knowledge he also knew he would never forgive himself for it.  His mouth worked, but it was too dry to produce the words.  He swallowed, trying to wet his lips, before he could force anything out.
“Mrs. Rogers — she started to decompensate last night,” Dr. Hudson said, his voice pitched low and gentle.  “She had been doing okay, but two mornings ago her cough was much worse, and  she began to bring up a large amount of blood yesterday.  I think the disease ruptured one of the arteries in her lungs because she became very pale before becoming unresponsive.  She stopped being able to breath on her own, and she died late last night, at 10:48.”
“Why not?” Tony asked with a sinking feeling.
Tony held him until he was out of tears, until he felt hollowed out and empty.
The sob escaped his lips, and Steve was only distantly aware that the sound was from him.  He knew that he should be ashamed or embarrassed, but he couldn’t even muster up the energy to worry that Tony had heard him.
Bucky gave him a knowing look through the mirror.  “I assume it’s not because I suddenly don’t qualify any more,” he said drily.  “They must have pulled my number and decided I’m more use in Europe than at the Navy Yard.”
Tony kept up a steady patter during the ride, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel.  Steve half listened, looking out over the desert around them.  The last time he’d passed this way, he had taken the longer, southern route to the Grand Canyon.  Somehow, the northern route — through Las Vegas with the Hoover Dam only 45 minutes away — had seemed like something that belonged to Tony and Bucky, given how many hours they had spent discussing the dam’s architectural features, the structural wonder of how it had been built, how much power it generated and how much water it held back, and the changes it had wrought on the landscape by forming Lake Mead.
Steve flipped the page and started drawing out Tony’s hands as they’d looked that day, clutching the edge of the bathtub — long thin fingers, the tendons and veins standing out on the back of his hands, the nails kept short and neat given his work fixing things.  He remembered the way they’d clutched the towel before Steve had shown him out to drape it over his head and shoulders instead of letting it hang in his face.
The morning of the funeral mass, Bucky and Tony played Rock Paper Scissors on who was going to make Steve get ready, and Tony lost.  Bucky put water on the boiler, and they filled the bathtub in the hall together, making sure the water was warm enough.  Tony then helped Steve to the common bathroom.
Steve felt his mouth open then close again, but no sound came out.  “Good,” Natasha said, the satisfaction clear in her voice.  She crowded into his space and grabbed his dog tags through his shirt, dragging him down to her height.  “Now you have a choice to make: you can keep trying to do this by yourself — pretend that it’s enough, to be alone in your apartment that Tony gave you.  That the Avengers are enough, even though we haven’t done a single thing all together since the Battle of New York.  Pretend that you’re happy eating alone, walking around the city alone, going to that cafe and drawing the tower alone.  But we both know it’s not enough.  I know that you haven’t bought a single thing on your own — nothing in your apartment is really yours.  Everything you own was bought by either Tony or Shield.  I know that you haven’t bought a single thing to draw with since you got back from your trip.  You’re going through the motions, Steven Grant Rogers, and you have a choice to make.  You can stop trying to do this by yourself — stop being
Steve felt his heart rate jump, the can of dough suddenly sweaty in his hand.  He didn’t want to talk about this.  His instincts told him exactly where this was going, and he could remember sitting on the couch that first night — the night he’d taught Tony to darn socks, god damn it — when Tony had brought home the pasta and squash and offered it to him.  Steve had been so hungry — it was almost payday for Bucky, but Steve hadn’t managed to supplement their income at all, so there was nothing left.  Tony had offered it to him, and Steve had known he should refuse.  It was Tony’s, and times were hard.  Who knew when Tony had eaten last?
