"Are we what?"
"Steve? Steve are you up?"
He quickly pushed those thoughts away to focus in the message.
He came to a few hours later, at least that's how it looked , through the window he could see it was dark.
"is it Scott? I was joking when I pitched that plan."
"Fuck, Steve come on get up buddy , we need you, I, I need you"
"Tony, I'm OK, just.. Go... The Avengers need you..."
"No one, ever, not the way I did."
He opened his eyes, the last rays of sunlight giving everything in the room a soft glow.
He was on one knee in front of her, a small red box in his hands. He opened it, revealing a beautiful ring.
Literally.
"I know he will. Good luck Tony." With that, she left, one last fond smile towards him as walked towards the elevator.
-End of voicemail-
"Cap? Cap? It's a joke, don't tell me your sense of humor went stale without me keeping it alive."
The stones had been knocked loose from the gauntlet. Something had happened. They had all suddenly flew away, and now, even without all the power of the universe Thanos was still a formidable opponent.
Tony went to the kitchen not wanting to deal with that voicemail anymore, he picked out a good scotch and drank it straight from the bottle.
"... Are we dead?"
And then it hit him.
It is 100 % not an illusion, Thanos is dead, the infinity stones where scattered across the universe a la Dragon Ball GT but because lazy writing and bad writer they got them bskc and used the gauntlet to reverse all the damage Thanos had done.
Everyone was ready. Quantum suits on , weapons ready , plenty of ammo and at least some of them had accepted that this was their last hurrah.
“Oh please, I’m sure” Tony said crossing his arms.
“So I see you’re working on my suit…”
“Tony,” Steve began.
Steve frowned at this, why would Tony say something like that? He just wanted to help him in the only way he knew how. He couldn’t help Tony with tech, but he could support him in other ways, he knew how hard Tony worked. Steve knew how much Tony actually cared despite his determination not to show it.
When Steve asked Bruce how he managed to do that, Bruce just smiled knowingly, “Let’s just call it a scientist’s intuition.”
Steve laughed, "Of course."
, I’m being serious.”
Obadiah leaned closer, running his fingers over the pink tie that Steve wore. He wanted to back away, but found himself frozen in place. “I hope you do what's right, Rogers. No hard feelings.”
"You have... you -- don't let this get to your head -- are extremely charming, handsome, and polite. Surprisingly funny, too. And you're all around just -- I don't know, Rogers, okay? You were just... my best bet."
“Bucky.” Steve shook his shoulders, “Wake up.”
"I wasn't getting worked up," he responded hastily. Tony wasn't a fuckboy. Steve wouldn't call him a fuckboy. But Bucky didn't see it that way. Tony had a heart, too. He sighed, "I'm sorry. I know you're worried, but... he and I aren't dating. We aren't going on dates and we don't like each other."
Steve thought,
By the way, when is the next gala?
He could hear footsteps coming near, but Steve ignored them. So what if some teacher saw him in the hallway? Like it even mattered now.
Steve felt the sudden urge to throw something at Bucky's face. He wasn't even listening!
Also, thank you all for the kudos and kind comments, I really do appreciate it.
He walked around in the area awkwardly for a bit, leaning his head this way and that way in a search for any man that even looked similar to Howard Stark. Steve didn't even know if the man had a mustache or not. He had seen glimpses of him from news articles online and on television, but they typically used younger pictures of the billionaire. Who knew what he looked like at the current moment?
His cheeks flushed out of pure embarrassment. He shamed himself internally for not being able to recognize him at first sight. Steve held out his hand for Howard to shake almost immediately. "It's nice to meet you, too, sir."
Steve ran out of insults in his head at that point
To say that Steve had a bullying problem in his childhood was a major understatement. The boys in his school -- who were always bigger, better and stronger -- always thought it would be funny to follow him on his way back home and beat him up in alleyways. In the hallways after classes, they would knock his art supplies right out of his hands, steal his shoes, even sometimes going to the extent of taking his backpack for the week before returning it. They never got in trouble for the things that they did to Steve, so he told his mother he didn't want to go to school anymore. That was when Bucky found out about it, and
Steve had a lot of interesting stories he could tell. How Bucky had protected him from his childhood bullies. How he accidentally broke into the principal's office in high school. His experience in being background props in school plays, along with an understudy for the kids with the main parts. He decided to settle for a story that was simple to tell.
As they continued to walk towards the entrance, Steve noticed how calm Tony seemed. It might not be either of their scenes or their crowds, but Tony was obviously accustomed to fitting into this lifestyle. Tony had dealt with this from a young age, and he felt a pang of sympathy in his heart for him.
"Tiberius Stone? Sunset Bain? I don't know! Just... why me?"
The room was dark and dusty, the blinds drawn in to block the natural sunlight from coming into the room. The shelves were left empty, and the big desk that sat in the front of the blond was clear of anything that had once been there. The carpets were bland, the walls a boring shade of beige. No student or teacher liked to be in here, which only spoke for itself. It seemed like no one had ever occupied the office in the first place, seeming at first just another place of wasted space on campus.
How would he even manage to do it? Those charity galas were full of people just waiting to hear something that interested them enough to gossip about. Getting rejected in the middle of one called for disaster. But the blond had to admit that Bucky was right. Telling him sooner than later meant an answer rather than long nights of speculation. Even if that answer meant rejection.
Steve let out a long breath of relief. Oh, thank god.
Best Bet is almost at 1000 reads! That's absolutely crazy. Thank you all. For that, some of this chapter will be in Tony's point of view.
seem to get Tony off of his mind. The blond tossed and turned in his small mattress, shutting his eyes closed and trying his best to go to sleep. He needed it desperately for tomorrow, for there would be class and football practice. Not to mention his tutoring session. Violently sobbing himself to sleep was another option he could go for, but Steve wasn't in the mood to bother Bucky with his meaningless crying. The boy groaned, running his hands through his hair.
The door was closed quickly by Bucky, but Steve swore he had seen Tony wave back, too.
Steve laughed at the two before responding. "Just some package, nothing important."
The blond went to the door, opening it without checking through the peephole first. If a murderer were to come into their dorm, he was sure that they wouldn't knock first. But no one was there. And on the floor, was a medium-sized box with a bow on it. He leaned down to pick it up and carried it back inside. Steve put the box on the kitchen counter, spotting the tag on the side. He grabbed it carefully, reading the handwriting on the inside.
“Okay, now let's get those bubbles going.”
“What’s this?” Tony asked, looking down at the papers.
“I’m glad.” He smiled, slightly strained.
Steve smiled brightly and began to peck Tony all over the face until Tony broke away with laughter.
“Morning Bruce did you sleep well?”
They talked more about nothing in particular as they ate. By the time they were finished it was evening. And they laid down next to each other to look at the stars.
“You also helped keep me calm, knowing you were helping me kept me from being scared.” Steve added quietly.
“Ohhhh…” Tony whispered out.
“Oh well I am attracted to both Women and Men. I think that’s what Bisexual means?” Steve asked.
“Yes Tony?”
“Okay.” Fury said, “I’ll have our agents review security footage around the tower and we will have all hands on deck to get him back as soon as possible.” He said with finality.
Steve- Cap, fighting him... standing above him... about to plunge his shield down into his neck... then slamming it into the arc reactor of the suit... then him walking away carrying Barnes...
Steve's words are slurred and drawn out, as if he was... Drunk? Tony pondered for a second what Steve might have gotten into to actually get him hammered.
"I say... That Steve is definitely going to cry when you ask him."
Late February , Steve has convinced him to see the city as an average person, which meant taking the subway everywhere.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony left to his room, making sure to keep the ring box in sight at all times as he got ready to meet Steve at their favorite restaurant, a small shawarma place where they had their first date.
"Hey Cap, you're looking a little green there , did Bruce give you a hit of something?"
"OK, he's stable now. He should be up anytime soon."
He takes a swig of the scotch and revels in how it burns his throat; a few drinks later and he's starting to feel light headed and dizzy, the noise from the television now just a muffled murmur.
He woke up the next morning on the roof  surrounded by several empty bottles of liquor.
"But... I guess that's all in the past..."
'I'll see you when you get back so we can start planning the wedding. Have fun with your newly betrothed :)'
It was Tony's voice calling out to him.
Screaming, crying, insulting, anything typical of just being told by your partner of 3 years that they want out.
It subsided quickly enough, even if the area still felt quite warm.
"But, how, I. We. Are we..."
Not surprisingly there was no one else at the compound at the time. Natasha had left around a month ago, only saying she needed some time away from everyone. Rhodey was currently undergoing physical therapy at a rehab center, and had been staying there for the past week. Vision was away simply observing human life and normal interactions.
"Hey it's my not my fault you don't know how to end a story"
Tony walks closer to him, slowly as he moves his hand to gently touch Steve's face, carding his finger tips through the short soft hairs on his cheek.
Tony stood from his chair to sit close to Steve on the bed, putting his arms around Steve's shoulders to pull him closer.
"And you know? I know why... I know you'll just come crawling back , because, cause, I know that no one, NO ONE will ever put up with you  and your fucking bullshit and your baggage"
"Tony that was the most amazing proposal ever, I'm so happy for you.
What he didn't expect was Steve quietly leaving the room, leaving him alone, confused and what had just happened.
Wade can we not.
Why did he think it was better to stay alone then be with the love of his life for as long they lived.
"I promise Tony, I'll never keep anything secret from you again."
Whatever it was that had given them second chance, he wasn't going to let it go to waste.
Steve closed his eyes, reveling on the soft touch of his husband.
He heard noise coming from the kitchen and made his way towards it.
"Language"
When he woke up the sun was going down , his headache had subsided to a dull throb in the back of his head.
Before he could register what Tony had said, he felt Tony pull him closer and suddenly they were kissing.
He set the ice pack aside, and sits up, placing his hands on Tony's waist.
Tony was sobbing uncontrollably now, his thoughts running a thousand miles per hour.
Loved. Why. What the fuck came over him to decide that he'd rather have Steve say he 'loved' him?
"Hey Buck... Ye... 'm ok"
"Friday , please archive that message"
"Great..." was all Steve could say before feeling himself fall unconscious once more.
"I love you too Steve, even if you royally fucked me over, I love you, you and your perfect fucking teeth."
He looked around and saw he was in his and Steve's room. He hadn't been in there since...
He slumped down onto
"Thanks for helping me out, I just really needed to make sure I had all my words down."
the cushions with little grace, it was so comfortable he had passed out as soon as his body realized it was in a soft surface.
It appeared to be a platinum band, a large sapphire cut so flawlessly it reflected light in every direction sat incrusted on the ring, surround by smaller diamonds all around it.
"God I hope he says yes..." Tony looked at the ring, he had made it himself, the band at least and incrusted the jewels as well.
" Now, you go get ready, you need to look your best if you're going to ask your husband to marry you tonight."
They drift to sleep, the last thing they hear being the others voice whispering.
"Goodbye Tony... I'll be here Tony , waiting, because God knows  no one , no one will ever fucking love you ... As much as I did..."
They were together again, it would take time, but hearts can mend, wounds heal, and trust can be rebuilt.
It was soft and slow, it felt like time had stopped around them and it was only them. No fighting, no peril. Nothing but them together.
She began typing her reply.
Everything went dark around him, and Steve didn't resist. If this was his time then so be it. At least he's going to die knowing Tony didn't hate him. And that was enough for him...
“Actually I thought I should take it up with you.”
There is a lot of girls on the cheerleading team that match that exact description, please be more specific.
"And you're a jerk."
Howard and Tony had always been known not only for their brilliance and their good looks, but for their ability to get practically anyone they wanted, and anything that they wanted. They were the masters of it.
"Well? What do you say, Rogers?"
Good night, Rogers.
“Impressive.”
What secrets could Howard Stark possibly be hiding? Nothing that important, Steve assumed. But it must be important enough to the point where Obadiah has a hold of it.
Where was Tony when he needed him?
“And we can talk?”
Tony smiled. "Six o'clock tomorrow, library. Bring your books. Don't be late, blue eyes." And with that, he walked off towards the exit door, a newly founded confidence in his step.
" Mhm. Sure seems like Stark has taken a liking to you."
Date. It wasn't a date. Howard sure seemed to think it was, though.
Bucky was a bisexual himself, of course he would know.
Would this cycle ever end?
"I mean, if you and Sam
"What time were you thinking?"
Steve could've gone on. And on. And on.
Steve knew way too many people. It was one of the things that came with being a star football player. In classes, people would walk up to him randomly and start a conversation. Most times it was someone he couldn't even put a name to. All of the art classes had a different crowd. He didn't fit in with them, that much was true, but it was nice to not be so known. They would give him one look and it was over. Steve Rogers wasn't Steve Rogers, the popular boy. Steve Rogers was Steve Rogers, the boy who liked to paint and draw portraits.
"Are you not from around here?" She questioned. "Tony hasn't brought you up around me before."
Tony laughed at that. "Not mine either."
"No, no," Steve assured him. "I should've taken some food out while we were leaving. My roommate and I have a liking for shrimp."
Mrs. Carter had always appreciated Steve's art. She let him come in early and leave late if he pleased. He was granted access to the clay and the special oils and paintbrushes in the secret cabinet behind her desk. The respect that was shared between the two of them only seemed to grow every time they were together, and he was truly grateful for it. Where would he be without a great art teacher such as her?
"I'm... not exactly sure yet. I have two years to figure it all out," Steve responded with a shrug. In two years, he did not see himself ever wanting to join the NFL. Nothing even related to sports. But he wasn't willing to tell Howard that he had a degree in art education, and was planning on getting a job as an elementary school teacher. Howard probably knew that about him already, anyway. "There's a lot of options for me out there, sometimes it's just hard to pick and choose."
“What-- what am I going to do?” Steve asked him, putting his hands on top of his hand, pacing around their small dorm space. “When I asked first, you were like, tell Tony. But how? Am I just supposed to say that I like him a lot, like a lot a lot? Or would that be weird?”
Steve's eyebrows furrowed. Tony specially ordered a suit for him? He internally shook his head. Without a fitted suit, he would be the clown at the gala, the joke among all the rich old women and men. Of course Tony specially ordered it. He didn't want to show up with an idiot in a too tight-fitting or baggy suit. Nothing else other than that.
If you sit in the front row you will probably get to see me. Look for number 17.
“Tony…” Steve trailed off, looking down at the floor, “Could I talk to you about something?”
I know nothing about football.
"Not really," he admitted. "Not my scene."
"Yeah, yeah," Steve muttered to himself, "Of course I can't be late, but he can." The thought of Tony never showing up made him a bit upset, he didn't want to believe that theory just yet. He didn't want to believe the rumors of Tony standing up girls on dates or people at parties.
. Do you know what happens to cocky college boys?"
your best bet, Rogers."
Instead of pondering over it, Steve decided to over his lines for later instead. “Tony, I really like… no, not that. Ugh, Bucky made this sound way too easy.”
"Yeah, I heard that part." Bucky picked up a piece of crumbled paper off of the floor, throwing it across the room. This time, it landed in the bin. "
Must've forgotten. My apologies, Stark.
"Are you kidding me Stark?"
His thoughts mindlessly wandered to Tony earlier that day in the art classroom. He didn't know how Tony knew he was in there, or where his dorm even was for goodness sake, but the blond was glad to have seen him. The smile on Tony's lips, the genuine compliments that he had given him. Steve knew he couldn't have been developing a crush. Of course, he couldn't be. Tony Stark wasn't gay, and never would be. There would be no point in developing feelings, it would only end in hurt.
Tony held on tightly, it felt amazing to be hugged, burying his face in Steve’s chest. He felt better after spilling his guts and the knowledge that he wasn’t alone in his nightmares helped him feel more a part of the team.
Tony breathed heavily and tried to maintain a stoic expression but it was hard, especially after the arc reactor was fried from powering weapons. Hah, the irony in that was incredible.
“Do you want to be the top or…” Steve asked, letting the question linger.
Pepper went steely at that, before replying, “I don’t understand why you are making such a huge deal out of this. Steve is the captain of the Avengers, not you. Secondly I let him know because I know he won’t ignore me or make up excuses. He is the leader of a team to protect the world for a reason, he is responsible and reliable.” She all but spat at him.
Clint and Natasha had taken care of the guards and Hammer was dead. They all were on edge, not knowing what they were going to find in the warehouse. And there was still Donald to deal with.
Tony said excitedly. “We can really make this place ours.”
“Look guys I really don’t appreciate you ganging up on me. And Rhodey you don’t even think to question what Pepper is telling you? You just assume she’s right.”
———————
“Well it’s good to see you two are getting along just fine. Thought you were busy on missions and that’s why you couldn’t talk. And yes things have been strained but it’s not my fault.” Tony said defensively.
After that they piled into the limo and before they knew it they were walking in front of a million flashing lights and into the building.
“Oh wow thank you Jarvis!” Steve stood up, “Tony this was incredible, this tech is amazing. Thank you for building it.” He smiled, “I’ll see you later.”
“Good job, buddy now please go kill the rest.”
Donald walked up to Tony and smacked him hard on the side of his face.
Tony had never felt so full, Steve was big and stretched him out so nicely. Tony shifted and then it was a new angle and Steve went in deeper and found that magical spot inside of Tony.
“Oh finally!” Tony sighed dramatically, then laid his head on Steve’s lap.
“Oh shut it, Rogers.” Tony said as he took Steve’s mouth in his. The kiss was breathtaking, Steve slipped his tongue in Tony’s mouth and Tony moaned in response. He fisted his fingers in Steve’s hair and Steve gripped Tony’s hips.
“Wow that sounds wonderful Tony. Can I ask why you weren’t with Howard and Maria? I pictured you having grand Christmas celebrations.”
To say Steve was mad was an understatement. He called a team meeting, besides Tony, to explain what Fury had said and what they were going to do about it.
Other than that things had been going really well. When Steve threatened to take down Fury that had meant the world to him. Steve was his best friend and was proving to be such an incredible person. He didn’t like sharing his friend! No way no how.
“Ahhh Steve! Feels so good!” Tony yelled out in pleasure.
“Well thanks.” Steve said, not used to the praise, “He makes me really happy too.”
After that, the conversation continued, mostly about Avengers related business and future training. They eventually headed off to the common room where Tony spent a long time telling Steve about this improvement he found that he could add to improve clean energy. Tony was smiling and rambling and Steve could barely follow but to see Tony happy like that made it worth it. Tony was about to excuse himself to go to the lab when Steve interjected,
“Nuh uh.” Steve kissed Tony’s face all over, “You are in for a lot of this, you owe me.”
“Maybe it would be more humane for him.” Bruce tried to justify, “If he woke up and realized he had to stay in bed forever—”
Steve woke up in the late morning next to Tony, he couldn’t help the smile that crept up on his face. Yesterday had been so special and now he and Tony were sharing a bed. He didn’t know how he ended up this lucky, but here he was.
“Or feel so much worse once they inevitably dump me.”
“Alright my friend, I’ll see you soon!”
“So I was thinking, that maybe the four of us could all go out and do something together?” Bruce said.
“So basically we are going to give him the blood the same as we would do with fluids in an IV. It’s the most direct way and that way we can control the amounts.”
Tony closed his eyes. He was totally screwed now, the Avengers weren’t looking for him anymore and they hadn’t even said anything about him.
“Clint! First of all I don’t appreciate you making bets. And who says I’m dating him anyways.” Tony defended.
“Well, um yeah.” Tony said looking down, “It’s mostly just to keep me in line. I think he sees me as a liability due to many of my drunken debacles of the past.” He paused, “It’s no big deal.”
Once Tony passed out in Steve’s arms, he called out to the others, “Guys we need to get Tony to the quinjet now! He needs Bruce and medical!”
“What would you guys want to do?” Natasha asked.
“Okay sounds good.” Steve said, “I’ll leave you to it.”
“The hardest part was knowing I was responsible for putting all of those people’s lives in harm's way, just because I was careless.” Tony said solemnly
“Why? Are you worried I pose a threat as competition against you.” He winked at Steve and stuck his tongue out at Tony.
“Shut up Barton, it’s way too early for this.” Tony spat.
“Oh did he say why?” Bruce asked.
It was the next morning. Steve was pleasantly surprised when Tony had shown up in the common room. He assumed Stark would just hide out in the workshop as soon as he was up. It was really nice though, Tony had come down and enjoyed his company. Truth be told he was surprised that the other man had opened up to him, but he was even more surprised that he has opened up to Tony. Talking to Tony had been really… nice.
The room was dead silent, other than Clint choking up the popcorn he had been eating.
“This metal monstrosity simply will no yield!” Thor yelled, frustrated.
“Sorry about that.” Steve said, unsure of what to say next, it didn’t matter because Tony brought the ice cream over and sat down next to Steve at the table.
“Is everyone there?” He asked.
He began to panic as he realized that he had no way to escape, no weapons or mobility for that matter, and on top of it all his arc reactor was exposed.
“Thank you Steve for taking to us and having Tony talk to us.”
They both just sat there smiling at each other when Tony said suddenly,
“In my world you just ordered someone to do something for you” Tony said, looking down.
The training session went great and by the end of it Tony was feeling much better. It felt good to do something right.
“So, it looks like a burger place is not going to be an option for our next date, because there is no way I can up this.” Tony said.
“His heart is overwhelmed!” Bruce said frantically, “Steve grab his arm and give it to me.”
“I worry about you and the team all the time, hence my insanity on the field.” He added to lighten the mood.
“Of course Doctor Banner, however I feel that everything will be alright.” He said, sounding pleased.
Steve chuckled in response and then slowly pushed a finger into Tony, making sure not to go too fast and also looked for any signs of discomfort.
“Thanks Bruce,” Steve said grateful, “And it’s true, he just wanted me to know that he arrived safely. I asked him to check in.”
“I’m fine.” Tony smiled grabbing Steve’s hands in his, “I want nothing more than to go with you.”
Tony lifted his faceplate up, “Easy, baby you have three broken ribs. You have to take slower breaths.” He said gently, grabbing Steve’s hand, “you’re going to be fine.”
They sat there quietly for a few minutes, Steve had his arm around Tony's shoulder holding him close, Tony held his hands around Steve's waist, resting his head in the crook of Steve's neck.
Why, why on earth had he thought this would be best for the both of them.
"OK then. All aboard Captain, we have to save the world. Again."
"Steve... Good to see you're OK"
He looked around the room, noticing someone slumped on a chair next to his bed, or was...
Anyways, because the inspiration high has worn off let me give you some closure.
Bullets, energy blasts , blades, and anything else that could be used to inflict damage was on the battlefield.
They don't bother undressing, they just crawl into bed, holding each other close
Everyone in the room scoffed, except for Natasha, “One more word out of you and I’m making you sleep outside.”
Tony laid there, shocked, humiliated and hurt beyond words. He cried from an entirely different pain that night.
“So last night…” Tony began.
“Mmm you better watch out, now I really will take you on.” Tony smirked.
“Whatever you want is good with me.” Steve smiled, still having a hard time believing he was going furniture shopping with Tony Stark, his boyfriend.
“I missed you so much big guy.” Tony said holding back tears.
Just as he was settling in to look it over the power cut out. “What? Jarvis what’s going on?” Tony asked.
“He says he will be here in half an hour.”
Both men were amazed at how it felt to kiss the other again. Tony pushed his tongue into Steve’s mouth and Steve moaned out and threaded his fingers through Tony’s brown curls.
“A cake? But neither of us know how?”
“Yes I did….” Bruce said confused.
“No Tony I don’t think you understand.” Steve insisted.
Without thinking Tony reached out to take Steve’s hand in his. Steve grabbed back automatically but Pepper and Rhodey both gasped.
However when he turned back to work, a hologram popped up.
Tony laughed, “Sounds like a plan.”
Tony took Steve to a room he had no idea existed: a music room.
He let out a long sigh as he entered the common room. He was greeted by the sight of Pepper and Tony hugging goodbye, he was happy to see that they were getting along better.
“That’s different Nat, I have the Hulk in me and it was made for him. It’s not comparable for normal humans. If I tried to give you some, your body would immediately reject it.”
“Of course, Pepper. I know you all need each other.” He smiled.
That was all Tony needed to hear before he passed out.
Steve still sat in the chair next to Tony’s bed, but he slowly leaned closer to Tony reaching a hand to his face.
“Maybe I can find a healer from Asgard.” Thor said, “Maybe we could use magic.”
“No thanks needed. Tell me about your day or the mission if you want.”
“Will do Captain!” As he flew off.
Steve didn’t need anymore explanation before he went down to talk to Tony.
“Spy, remember.” Clint said, looking real pleased with himself.
“Of course.”
Then he took out a bottle with two grey pills, “Normally a procedure like this would make you pass out but this special medicine will keep you awake and alert to feel all of it. Think of it almost as a cross between liquid energy and adrenaline.” He said, then forced him to swallow the pills roughly.
“Tony! Love, don’t worry we are here. We got you.” He crooned as he cupped Tony’s face.
Just as Steve was going to reply Bruce pulled him aside.
“Since I’ll love to hear you scream. It’s not like anyone can hear you out here anyways.” He laughed.
Steve immediately sat down on the bed and pulled Tony into his arms.
“-ny! Tony! TONY!” Steve said, shaking him by the shoulders.
“Justin come in here and show him.” He said into the walkie.
“Oh Tony you know that I don’t care about that stuff right?” He said, pulling him in by the waist, “Plus I think it’s kinda cute. I love the fact that you don’t actually love flashy, just homey.”
Tony just wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck in response and placed his head to his chest.
It was one of the best nights Tony could remember having.
“Me too, more than I can say.”
Steve gently pulled out, some of his cum spilling out. Then he grabbed a towel and wiped them both off, figuring they were too tired to shower.
“Hey Pep.” He said, shifting uncomfortably, “Hi Rhodey.” He stilled when Steve set a hand on his knee.
“Just be happy that you’re one of the few people on this earth that is blessed with my presence.” Clint retorted.
“Oh yes of course, I would love to help you Bruce!” Steve smiled, “But now we need the other guys help.”
After that everyone went to get on with their day and Steve set out to clean the kitchen. He was washing dishes when Tony walked into the kitchen looking exhausted.
“Shush now Legolas.” Tony continued, “As you know, I have been in Japan for the past few weeks, and of course you have missed me dearly.” Tony said overconfident.
He began to panic and cry as he realized he was in for another round of torture. He was beyond caring what Donald and Justin thought about him.
This chapter is longer and has much more Avengers. Hope you like!
“They um… Donald-he.” Tony took a deep breath, “He strapped me to a table and I couldn’t move and they used the arc reactor to power his weapons. And god Steve, it felt like it was burning me alive and sucking the life out of me at the same time. It was probably the worst pain I’ve ever experienced. I couldn’t escape it, I could only cry in pain and it never stopped. I begged them to stop and they wouldn’t.” Tony said, tears flowing freely down his face.
“Hey before you start,” interrupted Clint, “Want to tell us about your date with Tony Stark?”
“And you say I’m the sap.”
Tony hadn’t really left his lab since his… fight..? talk…? With Steve. He didn't exactly know what to think or how to feel. He wasn’t sure if Steve was just trying to keep an eye on him because he thought he was a loose cannon or if it was something else.
“Steve, come on I need you to breathe for me.” Tony said as he picked up Steve’s head.
“Yeah,” agreed Clint, “And you know what else was weird? When Pepper came in I felt like she was mad at him.”
“Tony wait—” Natasha called but it was too late.
Steve couldn’t hold off another second as he thrust one last time inside Tony and filled him with his seed.
“It is alright, brother of Iron.” Thor said and then wrapped Tony in a bear hug.
They all sat together, Steve and Tony next to each other, grateful to have people in their life that they could call family.
“Long story.” Steve said waving him off, “For another day.”
As Tony entered the living room a twinge of doubt twisted his gut. He could hear the ghost of his Father’s voice telling him he wasn’t good enough, specifically that Captain America would even find him to be a disappointment.
“You wouldn’t last a day in the wild,” he shook his head.
A few minutes later Natasha walked in. “Cap, What are you up to?” She asked, sitting down next to him on the couch.
Tony immediately grabbed and held onto Steve’s hand, tightly. He smiled but it looked pained.
“That’s fantastic.” He said hugging Bruce, as much as he wanted to run to Tony, he knew Bruce needed his support.
Steve added a second finger, then a third, scissoring Tony and stretching him out. Tony was so tight and Steve was so hard, he would never forget the sensation of feeling him.
“Tony you needed to be here, to be present.” Pepper sighed, “I really don’t understand why you can’t see that.”
“Yeah well why else would we be friends? It’s because I’m useful. I have money and I can build you the best tech available. Now if you’ll excuse me I really have a lot of work to do.” Tony said in a dismissive tone.
Hammer began to sock him in the gut, then kicked him on his shins. “This is for treating everyone like dirt.” He said as he continued to hit Tony in various places.
Edit: I added chapter four to the end of this chapter, so sorry for any confusion on that. Enjoy!
Their faces seemed to inch closer with every second that passed by, and Steve could feel the heat running up his neck and into his face. The fast beat of his heat was undeniable, along with the foggy haze in his mind. His eyes flickered down from Tony's eyes to his lips, trying in some way to figure out if he was feeling these emotions too. Tony looked beautiful in those moments. Deep brown eyes and a smile made of gold.
And I don't even remember giving my number to any of the cheerleaders!
“Fine, okay, you’re right. But there’s only one way to find out.”
With a quick look at the clock, Steve saw that there was only fifteen minutes before class actually started. Other classmates would start to file in soon. He picked up all his brushes and walked to the sink to rinse them off. He would leave his painting out to dry in the class overnight, and pick it up in the morning. Maybe he could give it to Mrs. Carter as a gift, as he did with most of his pieces if he didn't keep them or give them to someone else for a Christmas or birthday gift.
to tell him.” Bucky plopped his head back down, closing his eyes. “Now let me sleep, I have to facetime Sam later.”
The thought of quickly taking out his phone and snapping a picture for his friend occurred in his mind, but he pushed that idea away almost instantly. If Steve wanted to blend in, he knew he could walk around acting like a tourist.
Howard grabbed two, and Steve thought he was about to offer him one. "Any for you, Mr. Rogers?"
Good night, Stark.
It became quite obvious to Steve that Maria and Carol were Coach Fury's sources of happiness. He loved his daughters more than anything in the world. Not to mention that it was absolute hell for the team when they left after the holiday seasons. The welcome was the best part for everyone, the goodbye being the one thing that was dreaded. Fury would start to return to his old routine: more yelling, mood swinging from left to right in moments. This cycle had continued for the two years that Steve had been at college playing football.
"Tony,
They had been dating for months now.
"I've been waiting here for-- you know what?" Steve knew he couldn't be angry at him forever. Lab emergencies happened. (With people like him, anyway.) "Never mind. Let's just get started." Bucky would probably call the cops if he didn't show up by nine. That's an exaggeration, but he would still probably be worried.
"Hard bargain, Rogers. But sure."
"It's nothing, Buck."
"A player. I thought I warned you about this."
"Maybe because I am also an asshole," the blond retorted.
Most of the team one way or another had fallen in "love" with either Maria or Carol. While Steve didn't share those feelings, he couldn't doubt that they were both very successful and kind women. Carol worked as an officer in the Air Force, while Maria had chosen to become a marine. When Coach Fury had found out about the teams interest in his two daughters, he immediately forbid trying to flirt with either one of them or asking for their numbers. (Not that they would give it to any of the boys, anyway.)
What? You don't have to. I probably won't even play.
Not that Steve minded. Pretty girls didn't exactly meet his interests.
"I apologize for the mix-up. I am afraid Tony doesn't tell me much. I'm Howard Stark, it's nice to meet you, Mr. Rogers."
"Stark."
"Two years can go by fast." Howard put a hand on Steve's shoulder and the blond tense upon contact. "Why don't you come on over here? I have a friend of mine that I want you to meet." Mr. Stark led the way, lightly wrapping his hand around the boy's waist as he led both of them to another room. Steve found himself to be immensely uncomfortable and was desperately searching around for any sign of Tony. Steve pulled lightly against his grip, but Howard tightened it slightly.
"Tell me about yourself, Steve," Howard told him. It sounded more like a demand than it did anything else. A short silence followed, and the older man let out a laugh. "There is no need to be shy. I don't bite."
"I... play football for the school," Steve began. It was a start, at least.
A thought passed through his mind:
"Thank God, Tony."
"What's your--"
"Yeah, kind of. And your dad seems..."
That much was true. Despite Howard's ways of showing that he liked people, it could've been worse.
Steve quickly wrapped a towel around his waist before stepping out of the bathroom. " Buck," Steve began, "It's not a big deal."
"Help me."
Steve sighed,
"I don't know, but you probably did something," Bucky said jokingly, pointing to the bathroom as he pinched his nose. "Please just go take a shower."
To say that Tony was simply just a genius was an understatement. He had been in multiple magazines for his discoveries and inventions while working at the side of his father. Tony had been interviewed many times and had even written articles on some of his studies. Steve only wished he could be that smart. Teachers all around the campus adored Tony. Steve also wished that he could say that same about teachers' attitudes towards him.
"The problem? The problem!?"
My school is closed due to COVID-19, so expect some more updates soon! (Wash your hands, y'all, don't be nasty.)
Of course they will notice.
"I didn't know you had a little secret boyfriend! Why didn't you tell me?" Bucky laughed. "So secretive. Picnic in the park? Flying around in one of his private planes?"
Definitely worth the price of the ticket if I do get to see you.
"Aw, I'm happy to see you, too, Stevie." Tony joked, before looking at him more seriously. "But yeah, he's an asshole with his suffocating incorrect remarks."
At least Sunset and Tiberius were somewhat successful.
“Yeah! Sure! Lots of eye candy here, of course, but I’m sure a young man like you noticed that?” Steve gulped. He sure had a way of getting straight to the point.
Once or maybe even twice Steve had been able to talk to both of them. From what he knew, they could put up a very good arm-wrestling match.
A genius like me can always get those things.
"Definitely. I think I might finally pass a math class with an A... probably a B. Anyway, a high grade."
"You get to go on a date with Tony Stark!" He exclaimed, smiling as he looked over at Steve. "So tell me, and tell me the truth, did you agree?"
Steve knew it wasn't going to be easy. How was he going to be able to catch up on all his classes and understand everything he hadn't before? Student tutors were a valuable option, but word could get around fast that way. Everyone would suddenly know about the popular football player and his inability to learn basic things. If Steve went to his professors, they would ask why he hadn't been paying attention in class beforehand. Or asked for help earlier. Every single corner he turned it seemed as if something bad could and would result from it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Your feelings. Guys like Tony--"
“Just because he might be bisexual doesn’t mean he’s into me,” the blond defended.
Steve was the one to call after him this time. "I'm going to regret this aren't I?"
Steve put the blue one back on its hanger and back into the closet and tugged his shirt off over his head. He threw the shirt on his bed, telling himself that he would pick it up later. (Which was definitely not going to happen.) Fitting his arms through the sleeves and pulling it over his chest, Steve realized again for the thousandth time exactly how comfortable this sweater was. Bucky seemed to hate every sweater he had ever owned in his lifetime, though. If only his friend knew about the amazing benefits it came with.
His head popped up, a sudden look of disgust coming onto his face. "A sweater? Those sweaters?
"And did you have any jobs after that?"
"I hate you."
As Steve grows more and more desperate with the absence of Tony, he goes to Mrs. Carter for her advice.
"So, what happened?"
"You got the right place," Steve said with an awkward nod of his head. "Thanks for that, by the way."
"Oh, you think so?" Tony asked, bringing his face closer to Steve's, smiling. "Who should I have brought then?"
I will be adding more to this chapter! (It's only 873 words, needless to say I am ashamed) Thank you for reading.
Tony could go off to Europe for a month or two and return with no change to his grades. The professors at the school were always on his side, always understanding and giving him the time to do his work. (Maybe because they could possibly get fired if they didn't. Tony had power around here.) Oh, the lovely perks of having money. Steve had always wanted to go to Europe. He wanted to explore the quiet streets of Greece and walk around the historic sites in Rome. Tony had all of those privileges. Steve didn't.
It was more than just a google search of his name, that was for certain. Howard had power. The man had money. He could know anything about anyone within a matter of minutes with a snap of his fingers.
The blond sat at that table waiting patiently for Tony to arrive. His head would pop up expectantly when the door opened with a sudden gust of air, only to see that it was just another face of another student that he didn't know. The minutes seemed to pass by ever so slowly, and Steve had never been so bored. He ended up giving some of the floor tiles names and even created fake storylines for the people that sat around him. The girl with an afro across the room, which he had named Amelia, was from Poland and had a strong accent. A boy who was looking at the books in the nonfiction section had been named Jamie, who came to college wanting to be a book author.
" I don't have a boyfriend, I'm not going on a date," the blond reminded him. "It's the charity event I told you about, and that is the suit he said he would get for me to wear. Rich people are snobby about what people wear, you know."
He could never be sure.
I'll just wear the one you got me for last time. The people there won't notice.
"Yes, I'll dance with you. I'd thought you never ask."
"Guess we'll find out and see," Tony repeated. "I'll see you later, then? You're not backing out yet?"
“Smart answer. But… I gotta admit, Rogers, something was bothering me. Something has been for the last two galas.”
In freshman year, a boy on the team had made a sexist comment to Maria, and in return she challenged him to a boxing match. He, of course, accepted, believing that it would be easier than any fight he had ever been in. Maria beat him. In mere
He rolled the window back up as they pulled into a parking lot. Steve almost got out, but Tony seemed to be stuck in place. He left the car door alone, waiting for Tony's cue to get out. Silence filled the space between them once again.
"I know, I'm extremely helpful."
"It... doesn't represent anything exactly. I'm not sure. Not yet, at least."
After cleaning up he got out of the shower as fast as he could. "Hey, Buck?" Steve called out from the bathroom door, "Could you get me the box that's on my bed?"
Steve tells Tony everything.
Steve couldn't even get Tony out of his head. The brunet was invading in every single one of his thoughts. In class, the blond would daydream about the next time he would be able to see him, the next time he would be able to talk to him. Tony was supposed to be helping him with his grades, but now it seemed like he would be the main cause of them going down.
The door to the library opened, and a disheveled looking Tony walked through, scanning the room. Girl's heads turned as he walked in, but he paid them no attention. Steve raised his hand at him and waved, and he came over immediately.
"I... actually understand math. I understand math," he whispered, disbelief coating his words. "Wow. How the heck did you--"
. Steve fought the smile that he felt coming onto his face.
"It was no one, Buck. It's just... I might be kicked off the football team. My grades suck and even Coach is getting onto me for it," Steve explained, Bucky listening intently to his words. "I was just outside of his office in the hallway when Tony freaking Stark walks up to me." Steve closed his eyes, laying his head back on his pillow. He remembered those exact moments vividly. The stupid smirk on Tony's face, the smile on his lips when he had said yes. Except for one thing: Steve didn't regret it yet, which was surprising.
"Look, Steve, has Stark helped you with school?"
Steve decided on one thing right then and there: Tony Stark was going to be the death of him.
He slipped the note in his pocket and began to remove the bow from the package. He removed the top, only to see the suit sitting inside.
The silence between the two college boys said everything that Tony needed to know. Of course, Steve would accept his offer, hell knows he needs it. Tony could only hope that Steve would accept his offer. His father was picky when it came to dates. All of the women he brought to him didn't meet any of his standards. That one doesn't know how to properly drink wine, that one can't go three sentences without saying the word like, that one doesn't look good in green. They had to be perfect in every single way. Knowledgeable, pretty, honest and whatever else Howard could think of on the spot. Pepper Potts was the one Howard wanted Tony to pick.
Howard turned both of them around, hand still resting on the blond's hip. Tony's eyes flickered down at his father's hand in disgust, before making his face with an emotion that was unrecognizable to Steve. Howard looked harshly at his soon, before looking up at Steve to give him a smile. "I expect to be talking to you later, Mr. Rogers." His hand dropped.
"Yeah, whatever Stark. Shove off," Steve told him, making his way to the nearest exit.
"Tell that to Sam."
Bucky only had one thought: Yikes, hes whipped.
"It's fine, Rogers. It's nice having someone to talk to for once."
"And does he respect you?"
"It's Steve," he reminded the man in front of him with a fake smile.
-- Tony.
He heard a muffled yes from the door, followed by heavy footsteps toward his room. He could only hope that Bucky wouldn't get curious and open it and see the contents inside. Steve didn't want to discuss it at this point.  You're going on a date? When did you get this? Was this at the door last night? Why didn't you tell me?  He would tell Bucky soon, of course, he would, but just not now.
"Whatever works. You can text me." Tony winked at him.
Howard continued to speak. "This man you're about to meet, he used to help me when I was younger. Just starting out in the big world as a young man! It's crazy how far he and I go back, and now he's helping Tony. Beautiful, isn't it? Friendships can last a long time if you play your cards--"
“Very,” Tony agreed with a short laugh.
"Bye, Tony." He gave him a small smile and waved to him as he entered his dorm.
"You don't know that," Bucky said with an innocent shrug.
, we have a lot of catching up to do."
"Did... did you um, get my...  gift ?" Tony asked him, biting the edge of his lips. Steve found himself staring at them, before forcing himself to divert his eyes to somewhere else on his face. "I was hoping I didn't get the wrong place. That would've been weird."
"Well, you make sure to tell me when you find out." She walked off to her desk without another word.
Tony leaned up on his tip toes, his lips right next to Steve's ear. "Do you want to leave?" He whispered.
"Well, it's obviously something." Bucky shifted his position on his bed, now sitting on the edge so he could look Steve straight in the face. His hair was in a messy bun, some loose strands falling around his face. The brunet raised an eyebrow in question, but Steve still refused to answer. "Who was it this time? I'll beat them up, no questions asked."
Tony's face was close to his, and the beating in Steve's heart only quickened its pace. He could again feel the red coming up his neck in embarrassment, which only had him wishing that he had control over his blush, it was getting to be ridiculous. He had to keep it cool, or Tony would notice that he was faltering.
"I won't be backing out just yet."
Tony could have shown his face. He could've waited at the door for Steve to answer, the package held tightly in his tiny hands. But he didn't, and it hurt Steve a little.
During the day it had begun to rain, which of course didn't cancel practice. It only made it worse. Steve was in his regular clothing from earlier that day, but the rest of his body was covered in a layer of dirt, mud, and sweat.
"Go take a fucking shower," Bucky told Steve, scrunching his nose in disgust. "You smell horrible.  Goddamn ."
"He's an asshole. Yeah. But God, he liked you really quick, didn't he?"
An awkward silence fell between the two. They stared at each other, smiling like idiots. Something had changed, that was for sure.
He blushed, trying to discreetly hide his face beneath his hands. Did Tony really think that he had a pretty face? "Whatever," he spat out. "Can we do Stats now?"
He would have to ask Wanda or Natasha later for class notes.
Bucky sighed in defeat. "The white one."
"Nice to see you, too, Pepper." Tony barely managed to get the words out because of how tightly she was hugging him. He wrapped his arms around her before the two of them let go. "Steve, this is Pepper. Pepper, this is Steve. She's an old friend of mine," the brunet explained.
Bucky questioned Steve, throwing yet another piece of trash into the bin across the room. It hit the edge of the bin and hit the floor, and Bucky let out a groan.
But he didn't say anything about those thoughts. "Farewell, Stark."
"Steve, could you get that?" Bucky asked. "
Steve smiled fondly at the memory. That day, Bucky had beaten his bullies to a pulp. No fatal injuries to any of them, but it was enough that told them to back off. Everyone in the school afterward suddenly knew a new piece of information: don't mess with little Steve Rogers, or else you'll get it from James Barnes. Bucky had always provided Steve with protection and friendship, which Steve's mother had adored Bucky for. If she was still alive, the blond was sure that she would still have him come to dinner every month or so and go watch a movie. He missed that more than anything.
"Of-- of course, Mr. Stark," the boy stammered, practically rushing over towards Tony. "We will, um, talk soon."
As Steve attends the second charity event with Tony Stark, he meets the one and only Obadiah Stane.
Steve looked around the hallway and determined that it was only about 11. If they were still at that event, people would still be donating how ever much money they wanted to prove their wealth. He was glad that Tony had proposed the offer to leave. It was about to become unbearable. The only regret the blond had was not taking some food with him on the way out, the shrimp being served could've fed him and Bucky for days.
"Surprisingly, yes."
"Steve, why don't you go find my father and talk to him for a bit, okay?" Tony suggested, pointing to a large opening that led to another room. "I'll be right there."
He reached his hand inside one of the pockets of his pants to retrieve his phone. The screen illuminated his face in the dark. Eight. Tony should be here any minute now. He tapped his foot on the hard pavement out of pure nervousness.
Tony stopped.
"He had obviously been eavesdropping and gave me some stupid offer. He told me that he would tutor me in whatever class I needed it for, only if I agreed to show up to some charity event to impress his dad. Tony even said he would get the suit for me!" He let out a long breath, running his hands through his hair for what seemed like the hundredth time that night. The whole situation made him nervous. "It's just... weird. I don't know how to explain it in a way that makes sense."
“Yes.”
"Don't be gross Sam," Steve agreed with a smile.
So Steve did, and Tony gave him a side smirk. "You'll fit in just fine."
The crowd around them stared, even when they left the dance floor. The blond knew how self conscious he was because of this. They were all, in one way or another, judging the both of them silently. But this time, Steve learned to ignore it, a little bit at the least. All that mattered was Tony. The way he moved so graciously, helping Steve follow his movements without stumbling.
I would've expected you to text me by now. Way to destroy my confidence, Rogers.
"Dad," a voice said from behind them, "Could I please take my date away for a moment?"
"Of course I would like it. Why wouldn't I?"
-- stop that--"
"Should I dry my hair?" Steve asked, scrunching his nose. After football practice had ended for the day, Steve had gotten caught up talking to some teammates. He got to his shared dorm later than expected and showered in a hurry. The library was a short walk from where he was, but he still wanted to be a little early. Who knew what time Tony would arrive? He didn't know if the brunet was a late or early type of guy.
Will definitely be editing later. Thank you for reading!
If anyone had told Steve maybe five months ago that he would have a chance at passing his math class, he would've laughed right in their face.
Steve rolled the window down in excitement, getting hit with a gust of fast blowing air. It blew his hair back and dried his eyes and mouth out, but he couldn't find one part of him that really seemed to care. He could fix his hair later. His body would always produce more saliva and his eyes would always produce an endless supply of tears.
"Steve," Tony said in an almost whisper.
Instead of dealing with his thoughts, Steve showed up early to his art class instead. It was one of the only places that he felt he could truly be honest with himself. No cheerleaders, no football buddies that wanted to hang out for underage drinking. It was peaceful.
“Why would he?”
"Hey, hey, hey, don't go!" Stark called after him, running to catch up. Steve almost laughed at how short his legs were but kept quiet. "I have an offer for you."
"Maybe." He held up a finger. "
The words echoed in the blonds head.
"Funny." Tony was a bit hurt by the comment, but it was true. He could pay his way out of college if he wanted to.
Tony opened one of his eyes to give Steve a look, a small smile on his lips. "You could look all of that up, Rogers."
Was that the first time Tony had ever called him by his first name to his face? It sounded nice coming from him.
Horrible. Repulsive. Vile. Horrid. Words couldn't begin to explain how Steve felt about Howard Stark.
"--it's not a
“I think that these matching ties are quite the hit,” Steve whispered into Tony’s ear, glancing around at all the people around them. Judgement filled their eyes as they whispered to others, pointing to the two discreetly -- or at least, their way of being discreet. Which wasn’t subtle at all. “Aren’t you glad that I said something about it?”
The hallway leading up to Steve's dorm was dark and empty. The two of them walked side by side, shoulders constantly bumping into each other because of the small width of the area. Every touch sent tingles through Steve's arm. When they arrived, both of them seemed to know exactly where the door was. Steve, because that was where he slept and ate most of the time. And Tony, because he was the one to drop the suit off yesterday night.
Tony smiled, looking out into the classroom. "Good. I'll be going, I wouldn't want to interrupt your class."
One thing was for sure: Steve didn’t want to meet him.
More heads seemed to turn to look at Steve and Tony as they walked by. A woman suddenly approached the two of them. She was undeniably pretty, with sleek orange hair and bright blue eyes. The dark blue dress that she wore was alluring. The blond began to wonder if these were the type of women that Tony often brought along to these events. "Tony!" The girl gushed, reaching in for a hug. "I thought you might not show up.
Okay... okay... I'm listening now. What's the problem with that?"
It hurt Steve to hear those words coming out of his mouth. Art education majors were just as smart as anybody else. Just as capable as anybody else. The only difference was that they chose to teach in a subject that they loved to do, not go out and chase money for their entire lives.
Her absence at events also brought on the attention of many rich snobs who only wanted something to gossip to one another about.
Five fifty-five had suddenly turned into seven o'clock. Had Tony really stood him up to a tutoring session? With no notice beforehand?
"Yes."
?" Steve responded, raising an eyebrow. "Could I get just one secret's answers from him?"
"You ready, Rogers?"
look ridiculous. Now, me on the other hand? Sexy. Gorgeous." Tony joked, that same stupid smirk on his face.
Tony looked back,
Not true. At all.
Part of Steve wanted Tony to sit next to him for the rest of the class. To compliment him on his art and ask questions about the different shades and types of paintbrushes. To ask him to grab something he dropped on the floor. To whisper stupid jokes in his ear and try not to be called out by Mrs. Carter.
“A pink tie?” Bucky mumbled, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hands. The blond had just woken him up (from probably the second nap of the day) to show him his new suit from Tony.
"Farewell to you too, Rogers."
"First, though, stop talking about yourself in third person or this whole thing is off."
"I think this is a pretty big deal," he responded with a smirk on his face, holding the package in his hands. It relieved Steve to see that the note wasn't attached, and was still in the pockets on his pants from yesterday.
my thighs!"
Steve furrowed his eyebrows, narrowing his gaze at Bucky. “We don’t even know if he likes guys!”
"Gee, thanks, Buck."
"This is officially goodbye for now?" Steve asked, looking at his dorm door in sadness. The thought of leaving Tony so early in the night made part of him upset. He had made a good friend, why did their night have to be over so suddenly?
Steve leaned in a little further.
The tutoring session went well, unlike how Steve had thought it would go originally. He imagined Tony getting angered at him for not understanding simple topics, but it was quite the opposite. Tony was extremely patient, always going in-depth and allowing him to ask questions whenever he wanted to. By the time they were done, the library had cleared out except for them, the librarian, and two more students at the most.
Tony shook his head. "Yeah, I... I'm sorry, Steve. You shouldn't have been pulled into this. You deserve so much better than the assholes here. If-- if you want to, you don't have to come to the next two galas."
Bucky groaned, opening his eyes. “I’m listening.”
"I might have or might have not hit a woman in the face with one of the papers one afternoon. She was furious. This woman called it in and reported me and everything, even though I had apologized many times." Steve let out a small laugh. "The people there were like,  really Steve?  They didn't want to let me go because I was the only one willing to go around on my bike for such a low pay rate, but they didn't want to deal with her again."
Crap.
Steve and Tony meet up for the first time in two weeks -- and Tony has a confession to make.
Before their argument turned into a food fight, Steve stood up and went to their small kitchen to get some water. The fridge was three feet tall and the sink sometimes didn't work. At least they had a kitchen, to begin with. Since it was an open floor plan, Steve could still hear every word Sam and Bucky were saying to each other. They always had little meaningless arguments like this. But they did both love each other a lot. The two were just very stubborn. Very.
Some time next weekend.
"How is it my fault that Coach was in a bad mood today?" Steve asked him.
"No." Steve successfully grabbed the box quickly out of his hands, gripping it tightly in his grasp. "Your definition of a date is much different than mine."
"I must say, I should have expected you to not be the drinking type." Howard began to chug the first glass of the drink the waiter had given them. Whatever it was, Steve knew Howard probably needed more than two cups to get drunk. "You're an athlete with good ambitions, I suppose? What are your plans for after college, Steve? The NFL? Very competitive." The man moved onto the next glass and downed it in seconds, setting the two of them on the floor for pick up. He wiped his lip off with the back of his bare hand.
The library was quiet as usual when Steve arrived there five minutes later. Only a couple of students occupied some tables by themselves, studying for upcoming tests or scrolling mindlessly through their phones. After looking around, Steve spotted a table on the far left corner with a window view of he school garden and made his way to sit over there before anyone else could take the spot. Not like they would, anyway. Hopefully Tony wouldn't mind this spot too much, Steve just had an everlasting love for pretty gardens.
Those girls would kill to have it. She probably got it from someone else.
"He doesn't."
"--so being on the football team is the only thing keeping me enrolled. I really need to get the best grades I can."
Jesus, the two chapters I've posted need some serious editing. I'm sorry y'all had to read some of this I'm tired.
"Don't do that," Steve said to him accusingly.
"They don't succeed, sir."
He let out a laugh at the thought. Who steals shrimp from a charity gala?
Bad grades, no football team. No football team, no college. No college, then what? A lifetime of working from store to store, paycheck to paycheck? Nowadays, no good jobs were available without a degree. Unless he became a model or an actor, which those two options were definitely already out of the picture. He was definitely too awkward in film and stiff on camera.
Steve tells Bucky about his feelings for Tony. Finally.
“I… can’t say that I did. Someone special, as you know, already has my eye.”
Fine. We'll be color coordinated. You will wear the pink tie and I'll be blue.
"Bucky?" He asked in hopes to grab his attention. "Which sweater, blue or white?"
"Oh, I don't. My father was friends with Mrs. Carter at one point, shes a family friend."
"I was going to say decent, but that's another way of wording it," Tony jokingly added on. "Don't stress about it. You look great."
"Oh, I knew that already," Howard told the blond, seeming as if he was already bored of the conversation. Steve found himself raising an eyebrow at the man in question. Did Tony tell him that, or did this man do some research on his own? Howard gave an innocent shrug, "It's easy to look someone up online, you know. You're a star player. Slightly impressive."
At the sound of an engine, Steve turned his head. A sleek black car had pulled up along the sidewalk, the passenger window rolled all the way down. The man sitting at the driver's seat was no other than Tony, his brown hair messy and falling around his face. A smile made its way onto Steve's face. "You going to get in, Rogers?" Tony questioned, popping the car door open.
"I haven't tried it on yet. Guess we'll find out and see."
"I tutor you and you go to three stuffy charity galas with me," Tony explained, waving his hands in the air as he looked up at Steve. Before any questions could be asked, he continued. "I'll provide the suits -- no one wants your physique in an unfitting rental."
, he thought,
"I'm just messing with you, Stevie. Don't get so worked up about it, okay? I care about you, and Tony is much or less a... fuckb--"
"Bucky, your bun is atrocious, so you can't say shit."
Yes, I am aware that many people in this school know who I am.
"Thank you, Mrs. Carter," he looked up at her with a smile.
The two backed away immediately in the presence of Bucky, both of their eyes wide. The sight was suspicious, but Steve hoped Bucky was too tired from sleeping to even notice. Or care.
"I... Did he make you uncomfortable? What am I asking, of course he did, that asshole, I'm going to--" Tony was started to ramble, his face turning red as his eyebrows furrowed.
The movie was some romcom that Bucky had decided would be good to watch. Steve had arrived after it started playing, but it didn't really matter. It was about some girl in New York City who had wanted to become famous but met a guy who taught her that fame didn't matter and love did. Currently, the girl and this boy were on their first date at a park. Steve could basically predict the ending from there: after the first date, there would be some sort of conflict. The two wouldn't talk for a while before they both decided to see each other one last time. When they talk, they realize it was all a big misunderstanding and that they both love each other. He was dying to see if he was right or not.
"You did. Just let me continue. He's arrogant and privileged and brilliant and smart and funny and gorgeous and..."
"Hi, hi, sorry I'm late and all that. Lab emergency." His shirt had a coffee stain on it and the rest of his clothes looked wrinkled. Tony's hair was everywhere, as he tried to tame it by running his hands through his hair.
"My bun had absolutely nothing to do with the conversation at hand. And I think my bun is rather cute, so if you would back off--"
Steve began sucking at Tony’s hole, swirling his tongue around it and then inserted his tongue all the way inside.
Tony began to whimper and thrash as he felt the pressure being applied to his rib. Pretty soon the pressure turned to crushing.
“Morning.” Tony replied shyly, grabbing Steve’s hand and then leaning in and kissing each other lightly on the mouth.
Steve just ruffled Tony’s hair fondly which proceeded to lead to a leaf fight. Then Steve challenged Tony to climb the tree, and they both weren’t playing fair, pushing and pulling each other’s legs to keep the other from wining.
“Let’s go furniture shopping.” Steve said seriously, then slowly smiled, “Then we can christen that as well.”
“Hey Steve?”
Tony sighed as he sat down putting his head in his hands, his first instinct was to call Steve and vent but he thought back to a week prior… Steve had been hanging out with Thor more lately and Tony didn’t know why that pissed him off as much as it did.
Rhodey didn’t even try to call back or send a message.
They would allow him to get up and go to the restroom, but that was all the mobility he got before he was strapped back onto the table. They fed him the bare minimum of three meals a day. Then they forced another drug in his system that would make him sleep.
“He’s more than earned it. And he has the support of me and the big guy.” Bruce said, smiling wickedly.
Tony’s breath began to become more shallow and sweat beaded down his forehead. The pain in his chest was horrible, as if he could feel the shrapnel shredding it’s way to his heart.
“Oh my god!!” He cried, “Shut it off already!” He shook his head, “Steve!!!” He sobbed,  “Someone, help me please!” He shouted, then a strong jolt of electricity fried his insides.
“I can’t Tony, I’m helping civilians escape!” She grunted. “Barely.”
“Can I see him?”
“Yeah it is.” Tony said smiling bright. “Steve went in and made Fury change my status. I have a picture framed of Furys ‘scared shitless face’, it’s probably the most valuable thing I own.” Tony said laughing.
“Okay group hug!” Clint shouted.
“Thanks Steve that would be awesome and don’t worry there are plenty ways you can help.”
“How do you know?” Steve asked, sitting up.
“Okay now that we’ve gotten past the awkward hellos.” Tony said, “Can we just get to the nitty gritty.”
“Jarvis, Where is Steve?”
“Ah yes! What wonderful times we’ve had these past few weeks.”
So I just want to add a warning before this chapter so please read!
“Very well Avengers, don’t stop on my account.” Fury said. “I look forward to seeing our hyper verbal inventor even if he is a pain in my ass.”
“I think I’m good.” Steve smiled innocently.
It was nice to finally have someone who wanted to hear his story, who came to Steve for advice. In short it was nice to be needed and not needy.
He was waiting in the elevator going up to the common floor, he just wanted to go see Steve. Steve always made him feel better, even way before they became so close.
Tony felt like shit to say the least. This is why he wanted to go at night, he knew the paparazzi would catch them and this is what he wanted to avoid.
That got Tony to shut up.
Currently it seemed as if Natasha was going to win, but Tony knew just how good Steve was. He smiled as he knew what was coming.
All these emotions were flooding Tony at the same time. But for the first time he didn’t have to worry, he wasn’t alone. He could just cry in his boyfriend arms.
“Tony…” Steve sighed. “You have been through so much. And although I know you feel fine physically, it’s okay if you’re still not okay.”
“Ditto.” He said as he squeezed his hand.
“I think I’m the lucky one.” Tony said as he grabbed Steve’s face and pulled him in for another breathtaking kiss.
The next day, all of the Avengers-minus Tony Stark-marched into Fury’s office.
“Ahh!! Stop it!” He squirmed, panting hard.
Tony looked at him shocked and with watery eyes. And in that moment Steve lost his self control and grabbed Tony into a huge hug.
“Wow well, that’s great that you’re comfortable saying it out loud. I figured something like that would be hard.” Tony said although he was internally reeling/screaming.
“Tony.” Pepper said.
“Where is Stark?” Tony heard, in what was definitely Clint’s voice, ask.
“Good luck and be safe please.” Steve said as Clint entered the elevator.
“It is amazing to see you again brother.” Thor said.
“I mean when has she ever been wrong?” Rhodey asked.
Tony quickly realized that he slept the day away so instead of immediately going down to the workshop something compelled him to go down to the common floor.
The next morning Rhodey came by to the tower. He had spent the last few days hanging out with Pepper and he wanted to see Tony. He knew he owed his friend a visit.
“Make me.”
“The first of many.” Steve smiled back.
“Yeah thanks big guy.” Tony said after.
“Well it sounds to me that Pepper is frustrated with you because she feels like you aren’t doing what she’s asking, but she isn’t going to the effort to see what you’re schedule is like outside of SI. You all need to sit down and talk, trust me Tony they love you and care about you, if they didn’t then they wouldn’t have stuck by you all these years.” Steve said planting a kiss to Tony’s temple.
“Excellent. That’s all the time I need.”
However when Steve didn’t say anything Tony panicked and grabbed Steve’s wrists, “But I’m okay I promise! I have enough energy for missions and to not make mistakes with building tech. Everything I do will be of the highest quality-”
“Tony I really don’t need anything extravagant. I’m open to changing my look a little bit, to be more modern but I don’t want super expensive or flashy.” Steve felt a little bad saying it but he just wasn’t the same as Tony when it came to style. But he as pretty sure Tony wasn’t saying he looked old, he knew his boyfriend had a really giving heart, it just came out wrong sometimes.
A few minutes later Rhodey and Pepper walked into the common room. They sat down across from Steve and Tony on the couch.
“So thanks for sticking up for me back there. It means a lot.” Tony smiled shyly.
“Ah yes running a company does take a lot of hard work.” Replied Pepper still smiling, “Come on Tony we have to go.”
“I was think—”
Tony woke up feeling… well better than he had in as long as he could remember. Which was strange considering the recent turn of events.
Tony looked up at Steve in pure wonder and adoration.
“Shut up birdbrain.” Tony snapped, “I could revoke your residency.” He threatened.
Tony smiled teasing, “Hey I’m not sure, I mean it is the most technologically advanced building on earth, but hey it’s not Brooklyn.”
“Oh baby, I get it.” Steve pulled Tony into him. “We are all happy to have you.”
Bruce had moved Tony from the OR to a regular room when he saw enough progress. The whole thing had been one giant waiting game and Steve hated it.
“-Big deal, I know but, it means the world to us.” He paused, “You mean to the world to us.”
Steve rubbed his back soothingly, “Come on Tony, let’s go rest on the couch. You don’t have to go to sleep but going down to the workshop or drinking coffee won’t help you.”
“Well you missed breakfast but don’t worry I saved you some. And believe me it was quite a feat considering Clint is keen on eating everything in this kitchen.” Steve said smiling, handing him the plate of food.
“I’m sorry for not sticking up for you man. It won’t happen again.” Rhodey promised.
Steve backed down, he knew how badly Tony needed help, despite the supplies they had in the quinjet, it wouldn’t be enough.
Everyone murmured an agreement.
“God how could anyone love you?” Hammer seethed, “You're a horrible person who’s done horrible things. You sure Captain America isn’t some secret Hydra goon? How else could he even stand to be near you.” He spat.
Donald grabbed Tony’s face in his hand, “Yes. You are going to lie here and power this weapon. You have no choice.” He spat.
Tony popped his head out of Steve’s shoulder and gave him a shy smile.
This doubt lasted until Steve and the rest of the team saw him. They all smiled at the same time and Thor immediately got up and ran to him, “Brother of Iron, how wonderful for you to join us!” He yelled as he gave him a bear hug that knocked the wind out of Tony.
Tony perked up a little at that. “So anyways I have to go back to the lab now.” He said, he just wanted to deal-no sulk- over his crush in peace.
“Sounds great to me.” Steve said smiling and staring into Tony’s eyes, probably for too long.
“Captain Rogers,” he said nodding, “What can I do for you?”
“Anyways I need to let you know that I will be gone for about a week or two.” Thor said seriously, “I have some business back at Asgard that I must attend to.”
“Do you believe they care for you now, sir?”
“Oh then we must partake in this event, as it is our duty to protect the earth and it’s fine people.” Thor said putting a hand to his chest.
