Castiel’s chest tightened at the sight. He had no idea how Malachi found her, but it seemed even meeting Castiel once can bring bad luck to anyone. Like poor Muriel who came willingly, even though she had known she may walk into her death. Castiel was a death omen. He only brought pain and grief to everyone.
Entering the room, Hannah looked around. Sam did the same. His room was… plain. A bed, a wardrobe, a TV. Nothing more. He hadn’t felt the need to nestle in like Dean had. This place was just a place where he slept and worked. Nothing more.
A nightmare, Castiel thought and walked to Dean’s side. A very intense one. Dean hadn’t had a nightmare like this since Castiel raised him from Hell. The angel had been able to stop most of them, at first experimentally, then for the sake of his friend’s mental health. A nightmare could cause a lot of damage. Most of the time Dean had drank himself to oblivion and sometimes Castiel could sense hypnotics in his system that made him sleep. Those nights had been soundless.
He already spent there two days when the other angel walked to him.
“And I was psyched out by a little break up?” she asked mainly from herself. “I was supposed to die today and my biggest problem was that jerk?”
“Hey…” Sam leaned lower so he could look into Hannah’s eyes. “What is it? Is something wrong?”
“I regret the day I followed you to Hell” he growled.
Maybe he offended Cas by not trusting his sister but Kevin had to be careful. Anything could happen. But fortunately Cas showed him an understanding smile.
“Don’t think you can escape” she said. “Sooner or later you will tell me.”
“Oh, really?” He steps away from the couch and I fight back the urge to flee. “How did it go?”
I don’t look at him when I disappear.
But the man didn’t turn back. His footsteps grew more silent with each second until none of them heard it anymore.
Dean visibly relaxed when Sonny finished.
“I didn’t like the dog anyway” he said. “It smelled and dribbled everywhere. Not to mention what came out of its backside. I thought about killing it myself but then Crowley would have killed me too. Thanks for doing it for me.”
“One ‘C’ doesn’t mean…” she started huffily but then her eyes widened. “How do you know about my grades?”
from them. We have to stick together if we want to survive. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, they say. Humans, demons and monsters working together. Can you believe it?”
“Yes. I understand.”
Sam turned back to her with a frown.
“Don’t even think about it, Dean” he warned him. “The moment you move towards Castiel’s Grace, I’ll cut off your leg. You wouldn’t need it anyway for the talk we will have.”
“Castiel made many mistakes” Hannah agreed. “But it’s praiseworthy how much he tries to correct them.”
I sit up, propping myself with my hands behind me. Crowley looks nothing like the Crowley I know. He’s indescribably ugly. That’s his true form he’s hiding under the meat? But why am I seeing him? That’s not possible. It only happened once, when I had one day left before…
“Believe it or not, he can be a good ally in times like these.”
Hannah knew what had happened. Of course she knew. She had certainly heard his and Dean’s conversation back in Colorado Springs at the hospital so she could easily guess what Castiel had used his stolen Grace for. And could detect how much was missing.
“Don’t be.” She took his hand into hers and looked deep into his eyes. “Meeting you had a great impact on my life. And it’s thanks to you I met my husband and…” Daphne looked down with a blush. “And that I’m blessed with a new life.”
“I heard a lot about you. Descendent of Cain, the first killer. Son of John Winchester, who chased Azazel for years. Brother of Lucifer’s true vessel. The Righteous Man, Michael’s vessel, Knight of Hell. I expected more from someone with so many titles. But look at you. Such great names for someone miserable like you who pretends to be a demon.”
burn again and he screamed
There’s a tap after every step he makes towards me on the marble floor. The demon approaches me casually, probably thinking he won’t have any more trouble with me.
He was throwing his arms around, hitting away Sam’s hands and splashing water out of the tube. Sam was still patient but Castiel knew he would soon run out of it.
Cas peeked over his shoulder and looked down at him seriously.
“For me, that was an emergency. But normally I wouldn’t possess a child’s body.”
“I prefer to be alone right now.” He liked Bobby a lot and was happy to see him again after years but he didn’t want any company.
And Dean…
“Doing what?” Sam asked back.
No. He was not an angel. Not anymore. Being an angel meant he had no emotions, no free will. Being an angel meant he had to follow orders of a higher power. But he wasn’t an angel.
“I…” Hannah looked away as she started. “I don’t really know. The motion of the car and the smell of gas somehow made me dizzy. My head was buzzing and my mouth watered up. There was also this… tension in my throat that curled its way up. From my vessel’s memories I knew I was about to vomit. I’m sorry for my behavior. I didn’t want it to happen inside the car.”
“She’ll be back soon, Dean. She’ll ask the Wizard about the stone. Maybe he knows something that can help us.”
Embarrassed as hell was not even close how he felt at that moment. And it was hard to tell if he was embarrassed because he was called a Brony or that he knew what a Brony was.
“Ed?”
Castiel’s eyes shifted to the road and that was where he saw it. Saw
Metatron huffed like he couldn’t believe what Dean said.
Thankfully he heard a response.
Dean detected the bitterness in Castiel’s voice but he didn’t mention it.
“We’ll figure it out. Unless you’re looking to retire?”
Dean watched Castiel go down and all sense left him.
“The video cuts off right after that scream but witnesses say that Captain Speed took off and has been in hiding since. Seems to me that Speed isn’t as invincible as he likes to think. I wouldn’t be surprised if that fall ended his running career. Looks like the Super Olympics might lose their star runner.”
Castiel paced the room, periodically rummaging through trunks and bins in the room. “What are you doing?” asked Dean.
Charlie had apparently synced herself with Castiel’s earpiece, since she and Gabriel were currently bickering in his ear about how best to proceed. There didn’t seem to be an urgency yet to call on some other Supers from surrounding cities but just as Castiel had been planning, the two knew they had to get Abaddon far away from the neighborhood.
Dean couldn’t believe how
Abaddon’s smile grew sharper, more lethal. “That is not the correct question. The correct question is, what can I do for Larka?”
“Because it’s not a reliable part of my powers and if anyone thought I could read minds, if people like
“I appreciate that.”
“Dada see!” Jack yelled, his way of demanding Cas to come say hi to the doggies as well.
With a smile on his face, Castiel walked quietly out of the room, clicking on the nightlight by the door before heading back to the living room. He turned on the baby monitor before sitting down in his chair.
learn plenty from him. Mostly, he just felt like he was tasked to babysit a whole creche of younglings.
“I know I haven’t known you both for long,” Dean said, “but I can tell that he’s the happiest kid in the world. You’re a really great dad.”
He knew if he didn’t answer it was going to be so much worse for him. Her voice was deafening as he answered.
Castiel blinked at him. “I apologize. I was not paying attention.”
Unfortunately it seemed like big things were cooking. There were reports of Mundanes going missing in most cities, a lot of notable Supers were being targeted by some undocumented Supers, and rumors of a Super-creating drug were starting to hit the media. Cas, Dean, and their people had been doing everything they could to keep their ears to the ground and learn as much as they could, but they knew it was only a matter of time before evil plots began to unveil themselves.
“No, it’s fine, little brother. You keep putting yourself in danger for the D. I won’t judge. I’ve been there myself.”
“Relax. Nobody’s here,” he promised, his arms back around Cas, their foreheads touching. “I’ve been coming out here for years when I need to stretch my legs. There are only a few factories out here but they're all a couple miles away. No one is going to catch us, I swear. I wouldn’t risk either of us like that.”
Dean laughed and approached Cas, and pulled him into a sloppy kiss. “You’re so dramatic.”
Castiel exhaled, and pushed away the overwhelming panic that overtook him, releasing it into the Force in a slow trickle with each breath. He stood up, and walked around the ship, and let his senses soak in Dean’s haven. He felt a warm, pervasive sense of home that he had not sensed in a long, long time. He walked through the familiar layout of the ship, tracing fingers on the initials scratched into the lounge table, remembering when Dean explained to him before that John Winchester was really pissed off that his two kids had done that somehow to durasteel. He went around, noting that the galley had a newer cooking area, and the port cargo hold seemed rather different. He did not dare go into the engineering bay knowing that it was one of Dean’s most precious sanctuaries, and the feeling of safety and Dean it broadcasted was quite overwhelming, even at a distance. feeling the haven of safety and Dean it broadcasted.
“Okay,” he mumbled, letting his eyes close once more.
What if he has no idea about how Dean feels and this was just Dean's imagination, and the times they lll7spent together, the ease with how they moved around the kitchen and around the home, their bond over Dean's work, are not real-
“Nigh, Dada.”
What surprised Dean most about the whole meeting was how easily Sam and Cas got along. While Charlie was going over details of all of Dean’s old hideouts and updating him on what she expected from Captain Speed in the next few months, Sam and Cas were engaged in their own conversation.
“Charlie!” Dean enveloped her in a big, warm hug, and ushered her inside. “How long have you been back? How was the trip?”
Dean was willing to eat anything but Cas decided he wanted some waffles and fruit, which Dean sure as hell wasn’t going to turn down waffles (even if they were just the frozen kind).
Instantaneously the baby’s attention was pulled away from Dean.
“Go. He’s safe with me.”
“Take him. Get him somewhere safe. I’ll lead her away.”
As picture perfect as the date was, Dean had one more surprise awaiting for the night. It took some convincing but Castiel allowed Dean to drive the car nearly an hour out of the city.
Castiel laughed, not at Dean’s awkwardness but at his own nervousness. Something about Dean made him stupid. First he asked him to live with him and now he was asking Dean into his bed? He didn’t know much about friendships but he was pretty certain he was pushing the boundaries here. How long until Dean started to think Castiel was a huge creep?
Castiel was just about to use his power to stop the car before it could hit the child and dog when he felt Dean’s hand slip out from under Cas’s.
but they won’t tell us who,” Dean heard his brother say in a low voice and both he and Charlie tuned into what Sam was saying. “They claim whoever they’re working for is experimenting on Mundanes with new drugs that can enhance their abilities and make them into Supers. We can’t get them to say who they’re working for or where these labs are but we have a suspicion who is at the core of this.”
“You can read minds?”
Dean was silent, and instead, squeezed Castiel’s hands gently, and sat beside the Jedi. Castiel tucked himself into Dean’s side. Dean raised an arm, and Castiel slotted himself into Dean’s embrace, and it felt perfect. His presence felt like a warm blanket on a cold day, potentially smothering, but absolutely welcome. Dean had always felt safe, and Castiel could feel bits of him loosen, a little bit. He exhaled, and sobbed silently into Dean's shirt.
As they walked down their street hand in hand, Dean took a moment to think about how it was the first time he’d been out in almost a month. No one was even paying him and Cas any attention. Anyone who walked past the two of them just saw two men holding hands, not Captain Speed and The Seraph. It made Dean realize that it was entirely possible that the two of them could explore their budding realization outside the walls of their home.
“With a cane. That doesn’t mean he can run,” Castiel growled, already tired of this conversation.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Well… yeah. I just mean, this life is so dangerous. I just don’t know how you felt comfortable enough to make that choice. And how did you even do it?”
Gabriel had worked hard to get to where he was, starting off with writing articles online, then the newspaper. Eventually he got himself his own show and made it his mission to keep The Seraph’s name off any enemy’s radar. Gabriel also tried to make Supers look more human by showing their failures and flaws, criticizing their choices, and praising their successes. His approach wasn’t always tactful but it was something.
None of it mattered though. He was fast, though she seemed faster than she had the last time he’d fought her, stronger too. He knew he could still get the upper hand, as long as he stayed focused.
Dean was pulling the pie from the over when Castiel received a call, and was whisked away off to take a shift. Dean wasn’t even able to tell him what he was doing for tonight and how special it was supposed to be. Nora’s kid was sick, and Castiel, bless his heart, was nice enough to take her shift.
The first one had almost killed the senator and her children when the assassin had set the estate on fire, and only due to the quick thinking of his husband John Winchester and the help of his oldest son, Dean, did the senator and her youngest escape the burning building. Ever since, the senator had been under the close watch of her security team led by Captain Bobby Singer, and they had been successfully defending her until the most recent attack where the senator had almost died when someone set a detonator in the family’s personal hangar. Plenty of personnel had suffered.
The fight had been straightforward for a while, since The Leviathan was not as strong as Castiel and far less strategic in his moves, but it wasn’t long until Castiel realized that the enemy he was fighting had only been a distraction for an even bigger threat to their city.
Dean looked at Castiel like he’d gone insane.
Castiel had told Dean that he tried to limit the use of his powers at home because he wanted Jack to live as normal a life as possible but that didn’t mean he didn’t use them at all. If there was one thing that Dean knew to be Castiel’s weakness, it was his son’s laugh. Most mornings, if Jack requested “up” Castiel never refused because the moment he gently lifted Jack into the air with just the power of his mind, Jack burst out in giggles. The one year old could spend hours being trailed through the air over the bed if given the chance.
“I’ve been here for a month. Officially.”
“Yes.” Castiel said. He sighed. “We might as well leave now.”
Jack’s toys had been cleaned up while he was gone and he thanked Dean for doing so but was waved off by his guest. The gesture was appreciated nonetheless.
He hoped that this would be the start of a pretty awesome friendship.
“Did I tell you that music has been following me everywhere?”
“Any visual?”
He no longer cared to bother with the few remaining Mundanes he’d left to fight.
Castiel shrugged. “He gave up the girls to the garrison for a quick cash, and was here to loot their room.” He looked at Dean, and pointed to his brain. “My faculties haven't been reduced, you know.”
“I’m okay. I’m okay,” Dean insisted. He pulled the knife out to reveal a completely blood free surface. “I have armor underneath. It just got stuck in the material.”
“Hello? Are you the Charlie I’ve heard so much about?” Castiel asked, sounding far more charming than Dean had ever heard the other man. “You’re correct, I’m The Seraph but my friends call me Castiel.” Cas took that moment to push back in his chair, far enough away that Dean couldn’t hear what Charlie was saying. He’d wager she was likely threatening Cas within an inch of his life if a single hair on Dean’s head was harmed.
Most of their neighbors had stopped to wave back which made Jack laugh even brighter.
It was probably going to be awkward as hell for the both of them, since they knew virtually nothing about one another, however, Dean wasn’t a complete asshole. If it made Castiel feel more at ease to have Dean heal up and leave quietly, then that’s what he was going to do.
So with some mild trepidation, Castiel lured The Leviathan towards the center of the city where Dean was fighting.
Castiel understood where his friend was coming from. It’s how he felt when he’d yearned for a family of his own. His life had always been one thing, being part of a Super family. And when he decided to follow in his parents footsteps, he had to accept that his life would no longer be normal. It seemed Dean had stepped so fully into his role of protecting the citizens of their city that he hadn’t allowed himself to have any normalcy. Castiel understood the desire, he did.
“Sure you didn’t.”
"Aw Char, you I can bribe to keep me in your good graces," Dean said. He gestured towards the other room. "KAZ is less forgiving."
"KAZ, I need to talk to you later about our assignment!" Dean called out, and KAZ tittered in response. Dean grinned, and turned to Charlie.
Dean nodded in understanding. It was a risk to find someone in this life. Two Supers together could work but there were so few of them that finding their match in another Super wasn’t likely. And having a Mundane or a civilian partner presented its own risks and complications.
“He thinks he’s from another realm, another
Dean shrugged good-naturedly. “I called for you, but heard the vacuum upstairs and figured you were cleaning. Donut?”
Realizing he really had no idea what Jack was like and that most kids started crying as they watched their parents leave without knowing when they’d come back, Dean was worried he’d be seeing waterworks soon and he didn’t think he was equipped for crying babies.
Castiel pulled back with tears in his eyes, staring at the little boy in Dean’s arms, praying nothing would happen to him.
Dean opened the door with a wide grin. A redhead with a travel pillow slung around her neck and a pair of earbuds stuffed in her ears waved at Dean with her free hand, the other dragging a big suitcase behind her. “I’m back, bitches!”
“Dean can’t save you from the bath, love. Come on, let’s go find Mr. Ducky and your boat.”
Charlie smiled at Dean. “Of course he isn't, Dean.” Dean looked up, surprised. “And he won't ever surface, if that is what you're waiting for. A lot of time has passed. And even excluding the shavit that was the Jedi Purge, things have changed. He grew up, too.”
“I mean… your couch isn’t the comfiest but it’s still a place to sleep.”
“Crowley,” Castiel said under his breath. Sam nodded.
“Ah,” Castiel said, smiling. “Glad to hear she still flies.”
It sucked that his hideout had been compromised. It really fucking sucked. No matter the circumstances, Super or not, he felt he still deserved to have a space he could feel safe. People like Abaddon didn’t care much for that sort of respect. At least everyone and everything he cared about was safe. He wasn’t sure what he would’ve done if he’d learned something had happened to Benny.
“Foo’.”
“I mean, when you put it that way?”
“We are not doing any of the sort,” said Dean, putting his hands out placatingly. “We're just looking for Krischa and Klare.”
“This isn’t insurmountable. Not if you have an outsider to look at it from a bird eye’s view, so to speak."
“‘M sorry. Didn’t mean’ta fall asleep,” he mumbled, still feeling exhausted. His barely opened eyes caught that it had been a little over an hour since he’d fallen asleep.
“You never asked how Abaddon got the jump on me,” Dean said from his spot on the couch.
“Yes, of course. Why? What’s wrong?”
Dean exhaled. “Well, then I better find Jody, Donna, and Alex, and figure out a way to get rid of these guys, and fast.”
Aceriee's wonderful comic for the Prologue!
“I’d say race you to the bedroom but I think you’d have an unfair advantage,” Cas whispered in the most sultry voice. They hadn’t gone all the way yet, still trying to take it slow, but Dean knew from that voice that they both intended for the same thing to happen tonight.
It’s why Dean felt like a complete ass showing up so sporadically and making this guy patch him up. He knew it was better to get out of Castiel’s hair sooner than later, knowing how much it probably killed the other Super to have Dean in his space.
Dean hadn’t known the other man long but he had a distinct impression that the face Castiel was making meant that he wasn’t being completely forthright at the moment.
The smoke was getting thicker but he could definitely hear someone’s scream.
“You don’t have to lie.”
A family.
“Benny just radioed it in. He’s safe but you can’t go back there.”
Before he knew it Dean was flat on his back again with Cas between his legs as they kissed each other like their lives depended on it. It had been fun to play around as Captain Speed and The Seraph for a little bit but Dean knew that what both of them were craving at that moment was to just be Dean and Cas.
Castiel groaned when Gabriel’s words of greeting were, “Has he left yet?”
“Up! Peas. Up!”
Castiel knew Dean was right, Dean could see it in his eyes. It was the only option, especially if Castiel didn’t want anyone knowing Dean was at his home. Dean could see the anxiety in Cas’s shoulders and for a moment worried the other Super wouldn’t leave but then he nodded stiffly.
With Dean fighting off all the others, Castiel honed his attention onto Abaddon. She didn’t seem to care much for Cas’s presence, only looking at Dean with a sly grin on her face like she knew she was going to win.
, which is why I am now in this illustrious position. That makes me an even
Dean stepped forward, and took Castiel’s hands. He didn’t flinch.
“Because he lives in your home, Dean,” said Sam, and Castiel could hear a pair of shoes walk around the kitchen. “Look, I’m just worried, Dean. I was there for dad too, and saw what he did to you, to us. I just don’t want that to happen to you again.”
He didn’t know how much time had passed since he arrived here. He didn’t know how many miles he had walked already. Dean just kept going forward – if it could be called forward – not letting this place play tricks to his mind with the nothingness.
“I’m fine, Dean” he told him, sounding as convincing as he could.
“I lost my wings during the Fall. And even if I still had them, I wouldn’t show them to you. My wings used to exist in an other plain, and laying your eyes upon them would injure you.”
The meeting ended and Sam couldn’t help but give way to the disappointment it had caused. He had thought that Missouri would give them some answers. Well, she did, but not the ones Sam was looking for. They didn’t make any progress.
“Kevin. Relax. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere.”
Neither did he. Knowing that Cas was there calmed him. He was like the air after a dive deep under the sea. He needed it to live. He needed Cas to go on.
The angel’s voice was just a noise in the background compared to Castiel’s thoughts. What if Dean was still a demon? He had said it himself that he would turn the events the way he wanted. That he liked being the way he was. What if they unleashed a greater enemy to the world than before?
An eons old life flashed before her eyes. For a long time it was just moments from Heaven then suddenly she found herself in Hell, flying away with a bright light protected by strong hands, then she was on Earth and she saw mostly two faces, mainly only one. She felt the peace, the happiness, the sadness and the pain. She lived through every war, every mistake, every death, every parting and reunion. She saw Raphael’s death, she felt the Leviathans taking over, she shivered when an angel leaned down with a strange device in her hand, she felt the pain when Metatron took out the Grace, the last component he needed for the spell, and when a very human life began. She saw the struggle, the greatest sin an angel could do, the journey to stop a war between angels.
Sam came in running, Eileen right behind him. He had a bruise on his cheek but he looked fine.
Now instead of Dean, Kevin was angry at Sam.
Nora showed him a little confused smile and she was about to look away but then Castiel, remembering something very important, quickly leaped after her and took Nora’s hand. The woman looked back at him with raised brows.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay” he said.
“How many times do you want me to see this?”
“I know where Castiel’s Grace is and I know how to cure Dean.”
“You’ve killed a lot of monsters” Charlie said. “She can be anyone’s sister.”
and my mind,
“I wanted to talk to you, Dean” he says instead of answering. “Why did you kill those angels?”
Metatron shook his head.
“Ask Feathers there” he said. “He should know.”
It was Castiel’s turn to sound surprised. Did he mishear it or did he sound…
that could have been and could be. Countless possibilities.
“Dean’s good with kids. There won’t be a problem.”
“Man, you okay?” Dean crouched down. His brows knitted into a concerned frown as he took Castiel’s head between his hands and gently moved it so he could look at the back of it. “You hit your head this hard?”
embraced him tightly to the
“Or a loser” I nod, understanding his words. “So… I’m… okay now. The Mark doesn’t control me. But what about Sam? Did he truly believe he could save me like this?”
Charlie had never imagined that a phone call to one of the Ghostfacers would give them the lead they needed. She cursed herself for not noticing the pattern herself earlier. But living in a facility like the bunker could make people forget about the world around them. She was still decoding the information she had downloaded from that piece of art – she still couldn’t stop fangirling whenever she looked at it. And the code the Men of Letters used was hard to break. But she was getting there. Hopefully.
Ephraim turned around curiously so Castiel could see that behind him it was really Dean Winchester running towards them. Dean had a worried look on his face and his eyes –
“So? What do you think? Should we find something for your room too?”
Castiel nodded and suddenly a spark of hope ignited inside his chest. Maybe… maybe Meg knew how to erase it. She was Lucifer’s follower after all. She must have known something about the Knights of Hell and Cain.
“I… I think?”
” a new voice asked, sounding younger than the others.
Castiel smiled back at her, glad that she accepted his words.
“Prove what?”
“Aren’t you forgetting about something?” he asked.
“I’m just saying” she said finally, “that your case is not unusual. Unfortunately. Hostages can develop positive feeling towards their captors, no matter what happens to them. Like those nasty marks on your neck.”
“Hannah. Muriel. It’s good to see you both.”
“Dean Winchester?”
The Mark sends a sharp pain through my arm and I snarl at it.
Hearing those names, a cold shiver run through Castiel’s being. Even Hannah’s manner changed. She almost looked frightened. Those fallen angels… The shame of Heaven.
Daphne broke eye contact with him, her expression turned hurt.
That was the moment when Sam noticed the line of blood on Theo’s neck without a wound. And that was when he saw his friend’s sad but almost empty eyes and heard his blank voice. He expressed his emotions poorly, almost lacking any.
“Do you think this whole travelling back in time caused it?”
I don’t finish the thought. Instead I look at Sam, dear Sammy who has the biggest heart in the whole damn world, and grin.
Meg shook her head and snorted.
Cas’ only answer was a nod.
Updated the relationships tags because I think it's kinda obvious by now :)
Hannah didn’t continue with an explanation. Castiel couldn’t decide which was better. This or Hannah telling him she considered him a leader.
“But I won’t leave without him” Dean countered. “And if I don’t leave, I can’t look for a way to help you.”
Great. An archangel of death turned demon. And it seems Crowley doesn’t know anything about the guy.
“And she’s not angry at me?” Cas asked, still not believing Dean’s words.
“Wait…” Kevin spoke again. “You know where Garth is?”
He walked inside carefully. He was not afraid of Timmy of course, he was a good kid just scared. His mother on the other hand… Protective, yeah, just very scary and deadly. He had to be careful, not to seem a threat. Just one wrong word and Mama Ghost would be after him.
But they parted when they saw her coming. Her Grace pushed them out of the way as she walked across Heaven. None of them was brave enough to approach her, just one.
“It’s Theo” she said and looked up at Sam. “He’s human.”
“What are you doing in the dark?” Dean asked, standing at the entrance.
When Annie was out of earshot, Jody looked at Sam.
“Having them here is like a death wish!”
The demon stepped closer.
And this leads to the question of the week:
’ he informed him finally then added. ‘
Castiel ran as fast as he could. He knew he shouldn’t be that optimistic. The Winchesters were his family. If there was anything to go wrong, it eventually would.
“What news?”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice was so low, he almost couldn’t hear it.
“Do you have any plans for today?”
“Then your two lovely hunter boys will die. Or you don’t want to see your precious Dean ever again?”
When the four of them all sat at the table, eating the wonderful breakfast Ms. Tran made, Dean looked back at Cas.
Josiah and Ariel’s eyes widened. The third angel looked between them questioningly.
“You okay, buddy?”
Then his eyes become defocused and his whole body goes limp.
But it felt different.
But now Dean couldn’t use any of those two. He was still on a diet – which he followed with remarkable faith – and he still had his medicines. It only left Castiel to help him.
“No…” I whisper and hurry inside.
Also, it seems Robbie and I were thinking the same. Angels turned humans' adventures with toilets. Yeah.
Castiel walked to the Impala, but before he got in he looked back. Daphne still stood in the doorway. She waved to him and Castiel waved back.
Dean opened the lock that held Crowley’s neck in place then stepped away.
“You neither knew about zir” Castiel said and lowered his blade. Dean frowned at the decision but didn’t say anything.
“I…” Jody swallowed. “I don’t think I’m ready to adopt her. You know, after Owen…” She raised her hand to her chest and grabbed her shirt right above her heart. Sam saw her flexing her jaw a few times, taking deep breaths. She closed her eyes for a long time then glanced at Sam. “What if something happens to her?”
I want to give Becky a new start. I imagine that the Leviathan Apocalypse would mature her and let her show her potential to be a good character.
When he finally regained control over his behavior he coughed and looked up at the confused Hannah.
Castiel turned to his side, propping himself up on his elbow to have a better look at Dean’s face.
Sam let out a sigh of relief. Death is a reliable source of information. Good.
He knew his acting was hysterical. But he couldn’t help it. All those negative thought and emotions broke through the dam he had securely built around them and there was no way to stop it.
“Yeah, I’m okay” Sam answered quickly.
“You’re stupid, angel” he said. “Using up what little you have? You have a death wish or what?”
. The very thing that caused all the trouble, all the betrayal, all the pain. A remarkable hunter is swallowed by darkness, and the best angel of them all is just a shadow of himself. Never in her life would she give Metatron the satisfaction of knowing her ‘story’.
Hannah watched him for a while, barely blinking, then she let out a long breath.
Hannah thought about it for a while.
But Dean held up his hand, silencing him.
“Of course you’re not!” Sam had laughed and ruffled Dean’s hair affectionately.
Cas sobs out and I feel the tears against my palm. I look away quickly. I don’t want to see the two wet lines on his cheeks or the trembling lips. But I can’t shut out the whimpers he makes and it hurts more than anything.
Dean didn’t know why, but he felt a blush forming on his face (Thank God it was dark!). He had met Deanna only once, but he hadn’t had the time to get to know her better. John, in his melancholic drunk moments, had always told him how much he looked like his mother. And Mary looked like Deanna. It was natural he looked similar to his grandmother. It was a shame he didn’t have the chance to have a grandmother. Or a normal family to begin with.
“We’re all fighting against the Leviathans. No, let me correct this. We’re all
Cas looked at him, showing him a small smile.
“Alice Liddell from Alice in Wonderland?” Sam asked, hoping that maybe one of the angels knew something. But nothing. “Well, Alice in Wonderland is a children’s book. Our prophet” he motioned towards the door where Kevin left, “found out that it was more or less based on a true story. Alice had the ability to travel to other dimensions.” Thinking about it for a moment, Sam wrote down a few things from that too and stuck the notes on the tabletop. He treated it like every case. And writing down the information could help solving the mystery. He should put the notes on the wall later. “And by corrupting Alice’s soul, Sariel wanted her to free Lucifer.”
“No, it’s not that. Maybe it adds to it, but your main problem is not this.” Charlie took a deep breath and continued with a lower voice, eyes softening. “You knew her, right? You knew Hannah before you came back.”
I take a few deep breaths to calm myself down. Everything will be fine now. Sam and Cas won’t be able to stop this thing. Bobby alive, Kevin alive, Sammy in Heaven with Jessica, Cas without memories. Nobody can stop it now. They’ll sit in the bunker and wait for it to happen…
I hate it when he calls me ‘darling’. He treats me like I’m a bitch and he’s a mistress. No. I’m gonna kill him the moment he thinks he can own and have me in any way. But I hide this from him. First I want to know what Crowley plans. Until that I’ll play along in this game of his.
“What do you mean a hellhound attacked you!?” Dean leaned forward, putting his elbows on the back-rest. “How?!”
On the mountainside, higher than them, stood a woman in the shadow of a tree. She was small and thin, so fragile that a light breeze could break her in two. Her cloths were black, the swirling motives were shining in the sunlight. Her hair was neither blond nor brown, it was pale and dead.
“Sit in the car” she said with warmth. “I’ll take you to my house.” Then added “If it’s okay.”
“My question exactly.” Meg leaned on her elbow to have a better look at Cas.
“Aren’t you a little indiscreet?” she asks. “Asking out a girl like this? I don’t even know you. And I’m not into one night stands.”
Great, Sam thought and turned the cup on the table a few times. Uneasiness settled in him. Maybe this whole knowledge of the future wasn’t a triumph card after all.
He shook himself back to the present. He had to remind himself that Gadreel had good intentions. He wasn’t under anyone’s influence and didn’t want to kill them. He was a friend who helped them.
Castiel shook his head in horror and took a step back. He hadn’t meant what he had said. He hadn’t had any intention to hurt Dean. He hadn’t even known it was Dean who he was talking about.
With that being settled – though by the look on Dean’s face the argument was still not finished – Sam stood up.
“Shut your cakehole, son, and listen to me.
“The chastity group thing?”
“No, he didn’t” Bobby cut in, correcting Sam again. “I couldn’t summon his son.”
And then, as soon as he relaxed his body, the shivering eased and a hand grabbed his in a powerless yet firm grip and as a relived smile grew on his face he knew that everything would be better.
“I saw you coming inside and I had to see if it was really you and…” Robin swallowed hard. “It’s you…”
“So? Can you look into my head or not?”
The angel shook his head.
“Remember the angelic massacre in that road house? Gadreel met him after that, outside the bar in Wyoming.”
nothing. It’s just
Dean watched him for a while then looked away.
“Yeah, for a while.” I sway my head. “He tried to make me his lapdog or something. You know, going here and there, killing some demons. Hell stuff.”
The situation was getting out of hand quickly. Everyone was cutting into the other’s words and those who stayed calmer and tried to reason with the others were soon silenced. Bobby rubbed his forehead in frustration. He knew that once the others would show up the peacefulness they had until now would be gone, but this? This was beyond everything he expected.
“You…” he started but couldn’t finish. It seemed Metatron loved listening to his own voice a bit too much.
The moment he took a step towards the Grace, an invisible force grabbed him and shoved him against the wall to his left. He heard the bones on his shoulder and upper arm crack, and just by the sound he could tell that he broke them. If not the sound, the pain that shot through his arm was a big clue.
Castiel mirrored his smile.
? Boy, you’re not a bad person. When will you finally realize that?”
Damn the cold. Damn the mountainside. Damn the trees.
For many hours the only sound that broke the silence was the soft music in the radio.
“Don’t scare me like that again…” he whispered, casting down his eyes. He felt stupid now. Dean’s soul was bright. A little uneasy but bright as always. The Mark of Cain was a dark and angry spot. There were no dark spots on Dean’s soul. But he had to see. He had to see it with his own
Dean's (not so) out of nowhere hypoglycemia will be explained. I don't like when writers don't explain everything in their books so that won't happen in this story. If it does, feel free to tell me :)
“This Grace already merged with my very being. Removing it can cause not reparable damages in me. It can only be replaced by an other Grace.”
“I love my family!” Annie snapped at the woman. “And I’m going to save them!”
I quickly step to Cas and with a strong grip around his wrist I pull it back up and place the end of the Colt above my heart.
His body was covered with
“Yes” Hannah nodded.
And everything vanished thanks to that damn ripple.
Dean and Meg watched the other for a while, and Bobby feared that they would start a fistfight but suddenly Dean’s lips curled up to a sad smile.
With that decided, he made his way to Thomas’ home. It was already past midnight, the man should be at home by now. Gadreel moved carefully. Everything hurt and burnt as he made his way through the sleeping town and for a while he feared he wouldn’t make it. That he would die like Ezekiel died after the fall, too injured to heal himself. But Gadreel was determined. He had a mission and he would fulfill it.
Susie raised her head. Her face was white, eyes lifeless. Castiel wasn’t sure she knew where she was.
“You…” Hannah started but couldn’t say anything else. Too much. It was too much. And not because of the amount of the information. It was because of the kind of the information that made her speechless.
His voice echoed in the barn as he entered deeper. Timmy had to be here somewhere. Behind an other metallic door, he remembered.
Last time I read the Wizard of Oz for the Dorothy chapter, now I read Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass for this one (the reason why I had to rewrite some things). I also watched the gameplay of American McGee's Alice and Alice: Madnass Returns, which heavily influenced the chapter as you can see. At first I didn't want to make it a big thing, just a little note that Alice was real just like Dorothy and Carroll was a Man of Letters but then BAMM. I realized I can do something with it.
“Meanwhile, we can start watching FMA” he heard Charlie’s excited voice.
Death was once again still like a rock and his face was unreadable. A cold breeze flew by and Sam had to pull his jacket tighter around him. The silence stretched out long and he started gathering some courage to interrupt it when Death finally spoke again.
Their conversation was… How to say it… Something he hadn’t wanted to discuss. Ever. He was still in shock how much Sam had figured out on his own. He had always tried to hide everything, always twisted the stories so the younger Winchester would never find out what had really happened. But it seemed he had underestimated Sam. Sam was a smart kid. He should have known that sooner or later he would ask. He preferred the ‘never’ option.
Dean opened his eyes. He was laying properly on his bed. Head on the pillow, back and legs under the blanket, hands beside his head. He didn’t remember falling asleep… He didn’t remember climbing out the blanket…
’ Gadreel said. ‘
When Gadreel finally released him he wanted to throw up. He had done everything in the past few days to not remember the blood he had spilled and now seeing this moment again made his head spin. The ring in his ears was painfully loud and high, and his forearm burnt.
. He was just a
“Wait… You know Father Time?”
It was a poison spreading
Charlie knew more about human children, he said to himself. He should listen to her. He should calm down. But he was still agitated, his fist clenching and unclenching without stopping.
Maybe his request was too personal. Maybe Castiel didn’t want to recall his memories of the past. Gadreel was about to apologize when Castiel pulled over and stopped the engine. Dean moved in his sleep, probably felt they weren’t on the move anymore, but didn’t wake up.
“Hey!”
Gadreel had to agree with the man. He didn’t know how many days had passed since he had been banished. From the distance he could feel Sam faintly, he knew he was alive so he hadn’t felt the need to contact with them. He decided he would eventually do that, but not now.
“Yes…” it sighed. “It’s quite… It’s finally quite… Thank you…”
“No” he whispered.
“Or maybe” he says, “it’s not the right time and place.” He puts the pack of chips back inside his pocket. “You are a champion who still has a long journey ahead of him. The next time we meet, maybe you’ll be ready to talk.”
“Go way,” Jack replied, pointing to the windows. The words came out in his baby gibberish but Dean was starting to pick up on some of Jack’s words and what he meant.
because he looks hella creepy,” Dean murmured to Charlie, who giggled. KAZ tittered behind them, and Dean patted them on the head in a facsimile of a high five. “You said it, KAZ.”
“Safe?”
“Your dad makes yummy food.”
Castiel woke up to the smell of eggs and tubers frying. He blinked, his pupils adjusting to the dim glowlight beside him.  He sat up, and felt some semblance of sobriety as his head swam and pounded.
“Dada’s home!” He heard as he opened the garage door and walked into the house. Like every day for the past two weeks, Castiel was greeted by the sight of Jack and Dean playing together in the living room and Jack squealing with happiness as he spotted Cas.
“News is fine. It’s all I watch too.”
“It’s not!” He lied.
When Castiel woke up again, Dean was sitting in a chair in front of him. He was handed a mug of caf. “I got rid of your death sticks.” Dean said. “You can’t keep smoking ‘em, Cas. Drink as much as your liver can handle, but never do death sticks. Death is literally in its name!”
“This is the surprise,” Dean said, gesturing his arms wide to the empty field knowing he wasn’t giving Cas much explanation. He could tell Cas was trying to hide his confusion.
“Castiel,” Dean said urgently. “You need to go. They probably don’t have much time. Jack is sleeping. He’ll be okay.”
Completely fine.
He answered.
“An impression that leaves much to be desired,” she said pointely, as if trying to get Dean to say something untoward.
“Please, call me Abaddon,” she said with a slow smile. “Dispensing of the formalities makes for an easier way of conversing, don’t you think?”
Dean emerged from the cockpit, and turned to Castiel, who sat there as if he had just came out of meditation. Castiel stared back, and without prompting, said, “It was too much.”
They startled out of another kiss when Ms. Moseley’s front door opened. “I thought I heard someone outside. You two gonna stay out here kissing all day or are you going to come say hi to your baby?”
“Not really, but he’s been calling a lot and you’re irritated every time you get off the phone with him.”
“Shove it, smartass. I just meant, why didn’t you tell me?”
With that thought, Dean reached into his pocket to fish out his phone only to find the device not there.
A bitter laugh escaped Cas’s mouth, and he covered it with another swig of liquor. He examined his booze; it was almost all gone. “I don’t know Dean, what did happen to me?” He finished the rest of the drink, and threw the bottle hard as he can into the water. “Don’t ask stupid questions.”
“Abaddon is on his tail and she sent Speed to you? Fuck, Cassie, can you make him leave?”
He sent a silent prayer to anyone who was listening to not make that the case for them.
“I carried you.”
That was it? Dean was going to stay? Castiel tried not to acknowledge the way his heart leapt in his chest. He tried to play it cool. “Good.”
Castiel watched for a moment as Dean took another big bite of his food, and only moments later Jack did the same. His son’s bright blue eyes following the other superhero’s every movement.
“I suppose that’s true.”
“You might have to stay here permanently if you’re going to get my son to eat all of his vegetables without complaint.”
“Like permanently?”
It was then that Castiel’s phone rang. He should’ve expected it. He looked at it with dread but he knew he couldn’t just ignore it. He could feel Dean’s eyes on him as two rings became four then became six.
Out of the corner of his eye he could see Castiel looking at him but Dean didn’t look back. Instead he looked at the images on the screen showing the police barricade of the street, the crisis negotiators, and the helicopters circling the building.
There was heat in Cas’s eyes and it went right to Dean’s core.
“Dean…”
Eventually he did, with heartbreaking wimpers that made Dean want to cry himself. He shifted Jack little by little until the baby’s head was on his chest and Dean could slide down enough on the couch to get comfortable. Jack was still on the edges of sleep and snuggled closer as Dean sought to get comfortable too. Dean continued to rub soothing circle’s into the baby’s back and it wasn’t long until Jack was breathing steadily.
Castiel didn’t respond, and Dean seemed to have taken it as a sign that he could continue speaking. “You gave me a cortosis-weave vibroblade so that we could do it properly. You brought out your lightsaber, and I was just mesmerized, that yellow shaft of light, when you held it, you just looked… you looked like an avenging angel Cas, every inch the Jedi Master that you were going to be.”
He realized as he carried Jack upstairs that he was exhausted from the day. His emotions had been rather up and down since Dean arrived and his body was a little achy from carrying the two girls off the skyscraper. Castiel couldn’t wait to get into bed later that night.
“I’ll keep him safe, I swear,” She promised. “You need to go. Your guy needs you.”
“Oh you’re impressed?” Dean teased. “You’re the one who could quite literally toss me around the bedroom.”
Castiel feared what Abaddon could gain from teaming up with Crowley if this news were true.
Dean seemed to take Jack’s supervision very seriously, sticking to the schedule Castiel had suggested, making sure Jack was eating healthy foods, and giving the baby lots of play and learning time. If Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d think Dean had done this before.
Charlie nodded, and she looked up briefly at Dean. “Who's in trouble? Your jedi?”
“What?” He said, ignoring the screen in favor of looking at Castiel.
“What do you mean?”
He wasn't high enough for this.
Dean was a truly extraordinary man, and someday, Castiel would find a way to repay him, somehow.
“I need help,” Castiel said.
“Are you alright? Can I get you anything? Another pillow or a different blanket?”
“Don’t let go and don’t look down. It’s best if you keep your eyes closed. You’re safe.”
Dean smiled over at Jack.
“Just a splash of cream.”
“Yes Dean, I’m looking for spice,” Castiel said, glaring at Dean. “The students are my dealers, and I want more of what you got rid of.” He yanked his hands away. “I’m now going back to what I'm doing.”
Dean was nervous as he slowed the speeder down to a stop a mile away from the coordinates. He started walking in the direction indicated in the info he received. Dean looked behind him, and could see the few buildings at the edge of the city in the distance.  In front of him were long stretches of dense, purple trees, thick enough that people would be dissuaded to venture out this far without staying on the road. Dean could see why Im’nuel chose this place to hide.
Once breakfast was cleaned up (Dean being given the task of wiping the berry tye-dye from Jack’s face) the three of them wound back up in the living room once more. The TV was on playing the news as usual and Castiel and Jack were playing with stacking blocks over in the corner.
It sounded ominous but before Dean or Cas could ask her about it, she told them to have a great day at the park and shut the door. By the time they made it to the park and Jack was playing, both Dean and Cas had forgotten about her warning, focusing on having a great day as a family, because that’s what they were.
He knew it wasn’t Dean’s fault that Jody led him here but it didn’t diminish the fact that Castiel’s privacy was violated. He wanted to have more than just a few strong words with Jody about her poor judgement but there was nothing he could do about the fact that Captain Speed was lying on his couch downstairs in need of a place to stay as he recuperated.
“So, you’re just doing this because Imperial officers are naturally altruistic?”
The light was still on at Cas’s bedside table and it allowed Dean to watch the way Cas stared at Jack, running his fingers through his son’s hair and whispering to him to have sweet dreams. Those were the same hands that held so much power, that with a thought could throw a semi truck across the highway. Those hands had fought against dozens of baddies that had crossed their paths. Yet here, those hands were so gentle and Dean got to be the one to witness this side of Cas.
“Yeah, good.”
Charlie hummed, and brightened. "So! We'll be larping next week right? You should bring him along, introduce me! I'm good at sniffing out the crazies and all. I can look him up, as well, after I've talked to him, which you should have done in the first place and
Dean’s jaw dropped a little hearing those words. Did Cas really just say that? He didn’t even have time to process it before Castiel was handing him the phone again.
His phone rang where it was plugged in on the kitchen counter and Castiel excused himself to go answer it. He almost didn’t when he saw it was his brother calling for the fifth time in the past week.
“Because,” said Dean, “I don’t want you to be alone anymore.” Dean stood up, and placed a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Now, you have me.”
Dean glanced outside the cockpit, into the corridor where Castiel was. “I found him.”
“But you can literally move things with your mind. You go in, throw their guns and other shit out of reach, knock them around until the police can lock them up, and then you’re done.”
That was true. Dean being there was dangerous, even if he wasn’t leaving the house and so few people knew he was there. Yet Castiel couldn’t explain his desire to just pretend that Dean leaving wasn’t prudent.
ever enters this front door.” His gaze was indescribably tender, his voice soft as he said, “I just wanted to be a dad. More than I’ve ever wanted anything before. And I think I’m giving him a stable enough life. As best as I can.”
“And call me Mary. And him John. And the Captain, Bobby. This household isn’t one for formalities, and we aren’t going to start even with Jedi here every day.”
very familiar with someone, I still don’t always interpret it correctly.”
The captain did not crack a smile. “Your quarters will be shown by one of the maids later. Here we are,” he said, stopping at the foyer’s threshold. “Senator Winchester, Mr. Winchester, the Jedi.”
Dean was sure that Castiel softened, just a touch, unless he was just imagining it?
Unsurprisingly, Dean’s meal was a hit with them all, including Jack who had never in his life eaten so much until Dean arrived. Castiel was still certain that Jack’s enthrallment with the other Super was the root of his newfound love for vegetables, but Castiel could admit that Dean was a far better chef than Castiel could ever hope to be. It was a shame that soon he and his son would have to go back to his flavorless slop he once called food.
“That’s fair.” Castiel decided. He rinsed the fruits and carried them over to Dean’s spot at the table before going back for a knife and cutting board. “Just make sure to cut Jack’s food bite size, please.”
When he finally woke, the house was still quiet, even the news had been shut off. Dean took a minute to let his brain fully look up before he turned to the sound of pages being turned. He spotted Cas sitting by the front window in his chair, reading from a deep green hardcover book, wire framed reading glasses perched on his nose.
Im’nuel was Castiel Nov-Vak, and Dean had finally found him.
As powerful as Castiel knew Captain Speed was, it was clear in just the few minutes Castiel had been there that the fight was unbalanced. The Demon’s mental abilities against Dean’s speed and strength meant Dean was easily brought to his knees, screaming in pain, before he could even reach his enemy.
Abaddon hadn’t been spotted in their city in a while, from news reports there were still issues going on in other major cities with a lot of their Supers getting into some nasty tiffs with others who had gone dark but Abaddon hadn’t made an appearance there either. Gabriel had tried taunting her out of hiding on his Late Night show a few times but nothing came of it. Castiel knew in his gut that she was sitting back in the shadows and waiting for a slip up like this to occur.
“Charlie, Sam… this is Cas.”
“At that point I chose to simply land on Garqi, and got my hands on something that can take the edge off,” said Castiel. “I didn’t want this.”
“Peas? Dee peas?”
He wasn’t happy to have to start over, and still didn’t understand how Abaddon even found where he’d been holding up, but when he was able to get back on his feet, he’d make sure all of his future hideouts couldn’t be found so easily.
“Really?”
He peeked inside Dean’s old room, and realized that it wasn’t in use anymore. It had been converted into passengers’ quarters, and Castiel could barely feel Dean’s presence in it. He must have moved to the captain’s cabin.
“Why do I feel like that’s not the whole truth?”
It didn’t take long for the public to start losing interest though. The Seraph never stayed around long enough to do interviews for reporters, he never stopped in the streets to take pictures with adoring fans, he never showed up to many Super-related fundraisers. The Seraph did his job and that was that.
Castiel got up from the armchair and made his way over towards the couch, outstretching his arms which his son went into willingly. Cas sniffed at the baby’s bottom before settling Jack on his hip. “Sometimes it’s interesting to be in the mind of a one year old. Other times, not so much.” He tickled Jack until the baby giggled. “Come on, love. Let’s change your diaper.”
Castiel shrugged, and laid down. "Like they say on your planet I'm 'peachy-dory'. Don't need you, don't need your help, as I'm sure you can tell."
Charlie nodded. “Dean, also another thing, I think they’re starting to be suspicious of the refugees we have on Larka, especially since they saw Jody. There have been plainclothes troopers roaming the streets lately according to Jo, and Kevin noticed that Imperials are moving into the different neighborhoods. I don’t think you have a week. People don’t like that  the Imps are assimilating - they think it’s a sign of us ‘joining’ them.”
He was relieved that his brother’s tone mirrored his own anxieties. At least he wasn’t overreacting to the fact that he had to hide a virtual stranger with an actual murderer on his tail. Castiel had been worried for a moment that his brother would tell him to not overreact, since Cas was known to do that when it came to his son. (Nearly beating down his pediatrician’s door at 2 AM the first time Jack may have ran a slight fever, came to mind.)
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Castiel tried to sound offended but he knew it felt flat.
“I can see his thoughts—well they’re mostly images and feelings but they’re very happy around you.”
what invasive question Charlie had just asked. He tried to shake his head furiously and get back the phone but Castiel dodged his attempts, pushing his hands away. “No, we haven’t gone that far but we’re hoping to soon.”
Dean sighed deeply. “You're right,” he said. “‘I’m more worried about getting him sober.”
Hoping that Jack didn’t realize that he was stuck with Dean’s pathetic ass who had no clue how to care for a baby, Dean reached for a few of the toy trucks he’d noticed Jack seemed to prefer.
“Yeah,” Castiel said with a nod. There was a small smile in his eyes as he added, “both our parents were Supers and they weren’t around a lot. Always off saving the world so it was just us a lot. We have another older brother and sister but they already had families of their own when my powers manifested but Gabriel was still at home.
“Not bad,” Dean responded honestly, “is Jack still asleep?”
“Oh, so you’re the terrorizer,” Castiel joked. He could see Dean being an older brother. There was a protective aura about him.
“They’re literally called death sticks, Cas, take years off your life. It’s in the
“Oh you think that’s funny?” Castiel asked, amused.
Too many times.
Before Castiel could reply his attention was drawn back to Loki Fun’s current monologue.
They eventually ended up in a smaller office, one that Mary used when she was planetside and conducted activities as the Larkan senator of the Galactic Republic. This woman kept the room’s elegant touch intact, and did not change anything, except there was a new bookshelf filled with rare books behind the desk.
Gabriel pulled his padawan in, and Castiel almost stumbled as he was moved. “Yeah, would you believe they actually assigned me someone to
“Aren’t you going to welcome the return of your queen?”
It was well past midnight when he and Dean realized they’d spent the night sharing stories of growing up with their siblings. Despite knowing that the next day would be rough waking up to Jack’s early rising, Castiel didn’t think he minded losing sleep.
With that, the group broke off to finish the rest of their tasks before they stormed the castle, and Dean caught Castiel’s arm before the man could leave. He pulled him to a supply closet in the corner, and before the door even slid close, he met the man’s lips with his own.
Dean and Cas snagged a booth in the far back corner of the diner they decided to enter. Jack was with Ms. Moseley for the day since Dean hadn’t been certain how much arguing the day with Charlie would entail. Dean went ahead and ordered for Charlie since she was running behind but he wasn’t certain he was going to be able to stomach the food he ordered, he was too nervous for how the meeting was going to go.
It was nice being able to share it with someone who understood.
“Good night, my love.”
“I know it’s still so selfish of me to have him,” Castiel admitted, sadness deep in his eyes. “To bring him up with a parent who puts himself in danger constantly but so far I think I’ve done okay. I’ve been so careful to make sure no one ever follows me, to make sure that nothing
He was so absorbed in thinking about the logistics of getting in contact with his brother that Dean didn’t realize the shift in Castiel’s mood.
“Okay.” It took her a few moments to continue speaking and Dean knew she was probably practicing her breathing techniques (or planning a new way to kill him). When she did start talking again her voice was sickly sweet, like it was killing her to not berate him again. “What’s his situation like? How many hideouts does he have? Are you rotating on a schedule like I told you or does he have his own system?”
A car approached.
Dean reached under the hood for a few wires, and attached a small device from his pocket. “We'll bring it back when we're done,” he said.
He sat at the kitchen table being pretty much useless, wishing that he could be back on his feet again. He was already itching to run. Dean knew he had many flaws and one of them one definitely being unable to sit idly. He’d always been an antsy child, much to his parent’s dismay. And even now as an adult he had a hard time not being useful.
“Look, coming from the girl who dated a really hot chick who thought she was a literal fairy, this shouldn’t be a dealbreaker," Charlie mused. She then looked at Dean with concern. "Unless he’s been dangerous to you, or the people around them. Has he been?”
A few feet before Castiel made it to where Jack was seated, the cake suddenly disappeared from Cas’s hands causing everyone to stop singing, looking around in complete shock. In the next breath the cake and candles were right in front of Jack, and the two-year old blew hard until the candles extinguished.
“What is it?” he asked and turned to Benjamin who stood a few steps away from him. “What happened?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have a feeling you want to give me a job or something.”
Dean swallowed too. He didn’t want to run into Robin. Ever. He thought everything would be better if Robin thought he was a jerk who had dumped her. Or better. Forget about him altogether and live her life like he never existed. He didn’t deserve the forgiveness she had given him the last time.
“I said time is beyond repair” he cuts in, turning his eyes to meet mine. “It doesn’t necessarily mean that it will be gone once the ripple arrives. All you have to do is to go back before the events leading to it started and prevent it from happening again.”
Castiel brushed Dean’s hair and followed Charlie.
Why didn’t Crowley tell me anything?
Kevin took the box from the shelf and sat down with it at the table. He opened it and quickly pulled out the folder with the name on it. It was thick. Thicker than the others. Looking inside, he found out why. Next to the official document there was a little book. A black journal with a red ribbon around it. Kevin put down the journal on the table and read the document first.
Castiel’s features softened. He brushed Dean’s damp hair from his eyes.
Sam watches me for a moment longer then carefully steps to the table, fishes the book out of the stones and starts an incantation.
“Kevin?”
“No. I would never betray my family.”
? He was no champion.
I don’t expect Sam to splash holy water on my face the next corner. It’s the first time I experience the burn of my skin and I groan as the liquid melts my skin. Damn it!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry, I didn’t hear it.” Sam leaned closer and down a little to catch Hannah’s eyes.
? You think I want to be cured?” I start laughing and continue until my stomach would hurt normally. “There’s nothing to fix here, Sam. I love the way I am. I can zap from one place to an other in a blink, I can eat and drink as much as I want, I don’t have to sleep, and I’m stronger than anyone. I don’t want to be cured.”
“I’ll miss you, kid” he said.
“No, you won’t sleep in that room of junkyard.”
when it touched his skin
“So I’m giving you my Grace. It belongs to you, as you said. And not having it keeps you awake. So I assume once it’s with you, you can finally go back to sleep again.”
“You idjit!” he yells.
Wings. Hannah looked at her sibling. Ze didn’t have a vessel. Zir true for was strong, healthy, and had wings.
Bobby looked at the boy like he didn’t know him. And right now he didn’t know him. He thought that Sam was the brightest out of the two. Not if Dean didn’t have his shining moments of intelligence or Sam didn’t do anything stupid, but this was the rock-bottom.
was stupid to think anyone could love him.
“What was this, Clara!” Josiah questioned her. “Why did you attack him?”
“Okay, so… You take Cas and…”
, something happened in this endless nothingness.
The demon didn’t say anything and Castiel was about to open his eyes to see the other’s face but a hand was placed upon his eyes and the only thing he saw was darkness.
“What do you want, Crowley?”
Dean had made countless mistakes in his life, some of the worst ones, the ones he still regretted the most, were the mistakes that were related to Cas. Not trusting him when he should’ve, betraying him, sending him away when he was the most vulnerable, leaving him, hurting him…
That question had crossed her mind many times. Why had they wanted her help? But James hadn’t been like any Men of Letters she knew. He had been young for a leader. Nobody had ever doubted his talent but the older members had always frowned at his way of leadership. He had wanted to reform the order, adapting more methods and welcoming new members. Like hunters and friendly monsters. Like her.
Where the hell was Dean? He couldn’t be too far ahead of them. Sam hadn’t stayed that long on the stairs. But his brother was nowhere to be seen and he started panicking. What if something happened to him? Attacked from behind like Sam? Killed or injured or captured? He should see him by now but every corner he turned following Hannah’s instruction presented him with a new empty corridor.
“So!” Susie sat on the chair next to his bed and looked at him expectantly.
“Cas…”
“Two of my siblings died by the First Blade” she repeated with a serious tone. “Only one person wields it.”
“What are you talking about?”
Castiel tore his eyes away from his comrade and looked into Malachi’s.
He didn’t like to use Dean on Cas but desperate times called for desperate actions. And it worked because after looking away from Sam Cas’ angel blade sled back to its place.
Hannah raised her trembling hand, wiped her face and looked at her palm with bewilderment. Water. Why was water on her face? She snuffled and it immediately brought back a memory. Her time in the park. The woman on the bench, sobs rocking her body, tears rolling down her pale cheeks.
The Blade hits something solid.
He didn’t convince Cas of course. The former angel didn’t stop until he was barely an inch away from him and looked into his eyes, not letting him to look away.
The former angel felt Dean tensing up.
“I kissed him once on the lips” Daphne answered with the saddest smile the angel had ever seen. “We never made love. He cares about me, he tells me many times, but he never said he loved me.”
“If you knew that, why did you kill her?”
Sam had no idea what the angel was thinking but he had to trust him. Cas was a soldier after all, he had used to be the leader of a garrison up in Heaven. It had been his job to come up with plans and lead the angels under his leadership.
“There are a lot more hunters in the building” Hannah commented. “And I was informed about Leviathans detected in the country. The ripple is getting closer.”
Hannah folded her arms and watched Castiel. Muriel perfectly voiced her doubts and distrust. It was Castiel’s turn to explain himself. If he could.
Gadreel looked down at the paper he held between his fingers and frowned deeply.
There will be gore in this chapter. Not much but expect more in the future.
When she finally emerged from her room she looked like a zombie. Dark circles under her eyes caused by sleep deprivation, pale skin, messy hair. Dorothy sent her a disapproving look when she saw her on her way outside with Toto.
Sam and Castiel followed the woman inside who looked around with wonder. The Men of Letters bunker was truly a remarkable place. He remembered the first time he had been here. He had just healed from his wounds and spent the night with looking around in the library. And the telescope was a wonderful piece of work. He had never had the opportunity to look through it and watch the stars but now that he was here he’ll definitely find the time for that.
of direct confrontation” he explained. “Ze always avoided the spot light, watching everything from afar.”
The male shrugged.
“I only know Ariel and her intentions were always true. But I’m not sure what changed in her after the Fall.”
“We know more friendly monsters” Dean said.
Dean turned to walk out the door with Cas.
Hannah peeked out from behind the tree. Sam stared at his brother with wide eyes.
“Time travel” Sonny shook his head. “Still hard to believe.”
“We’ll think about it. But before that we’re saving your mom.”
What would John say? Dean wanted to laugh. Probably nothing. He would shoot him or chop down his head because Dean was a monster, and monsters had to be destroyed. He had never been a good son, anyway. Not ever since he had let that Shtriga hurt Sam. He gripped the bed-sheet under him as he remembered every time his father had said or done something, as he remembered how it had hurt. He felt like John was there now, standing in his room, looking down at him, mind taken by hurt and vengeance. Dean mourned the father he never had. Because the father he wanted would have understood. He would have supported him and stood beside him.
“If there’s anything wrong, call me.”
They could go by car for a while. Sam was driving now; Dean stubbornly avoided his eyes every time the younger Winchester glanced at him.
“I know where he is” Dean said quickly. “I’m going there.”
“Let me and Cas return to Earth and we will—”
“What is it, angel? You don’t like the way I talk about him? That sorry excuse of a human?”
“Of course I noticed” Sam huffed. He experienced it first hand. He noticed it alright.
“Ouch, Charlie. That really hurt.
Death watched them with his usual neutral face, a half eaten doughnut in one hand.
Dawn greeted them in Lebanon. The first rays of light washed the area in a light yellow and pink. The air was chilly as they got out of the Impala and walked to the main entrance.
dripping blood was in his
Twenty minutes later they were on their way back to Lebanon. Cas curled up on the backseat with his back to them. Hannah sat next to him, putting a reassuring hand on his shoulder. Sam locked eyes with her for a moment in the mirror then looked back at the road.
“No.”
and the light was blinding
And they did for the next two months. The daily tries became once a week then once every two weeks. They had no idea what had happened and nobody in Oz could help them, not even Glinda. As time passed Charlie steadily lost hope that she would see her favorite boys again.
I look up. It’s been days since I heard any human sounds. Was someone hiking here? Here, a short distance from me? Are they crazy?
A smile had spread on Sam’s face.
“So?” he said to break the tension and the silence. “What’s the plan?”
Dean was kneeling with his back to the door, hugging Cas who’s face below his nose was buried into the hunter’s shoulder. Between them in Cas’s arms was a girl Sam didn’t know.
Metatron frowned too, looking confused for the first time.
Dean stood up quickly, face a few shades darker.
“You can stay in the car, if you want” he said. His eyes stayed on Castiel for a long time, shooting a quick glance towards Hannah.
was a little brat who thought he could be the hero the world needed.
“And how did you meet her?” He was curious now. How did this man know so much about both sides of his family?
When he entered Garth’s room and the younger man screamed and fainted, he knew he was the Garth from an alternate timeline. It would have been better if he could come with them. Garth was a good hunter. A strange but good hunter. He would have been a great help, because Cas…
“Yeah… Someone who names her poem like that must be a virgin.”
“You two can apologize to each other when we find Castiel.”
Cas knits his brows, looks down at his soda in contemplation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“C’mon, just a friendly dinner.” Dean prods.
He clears his throat in hopes they break apart but its barely heard between the sloppy exchange of wet kisses. Castiel rolls his eyes and coughs louder.
“Excuse me, but you are dating Anna.”
It’s not a good idea, Cas tells himself. He thinks of Balthazar. He thinks what Dean would look like naked. He thinks of Balthazar.
Cas smiles back. “You too.”
He tells the truth. “The story of my life hasn’t happened yet. Nothing’s happened to me. That’s why I’m going to New York.”
He replies in the affirmative, sipping his ginger ale.
“Oh, I rejected him and he said we could never be friends if we were attracted to each other- Anna! That was her name, Anna!”
“Dean.”
“Dean.”
“Nothing, Cas, forget about it.” He waves Cas off.
“I guess.”
“Uh-huh.” Cas adjusts the tie hanging from his neck.
“So you can write about other people doing things.”
“Of course I do. I bet you’re on of those perpetually happy people with stars in their eyes.”
“Alright.” Dean shrugs, nonplussed, and looks back down at the menu.
“I’ll have the cheeseburger, please.” Dean orders.
“I said that? Really?” He pauses. “Oh yeah, no, I definitely said that. It’s true.”
Twenty minutes into the flight, as Castiel is ordering a drink from the stewardess, he hears a voice from five years ago.
“Is not. And no, they don’t!”
“I am not!”
“Hmm?”
Dean approaches the man, who is currently in a lip lock with what looks to be his boyfriend.
Dean scoffs, “I am not.” He stops at the car door. “Ok, let’s say I was. What do you want me to say now? I take it back? Alright, I take it back.”
“So?”
“I did. I work at
“Doesn’t matter, one of you is already thinking about it and so the friendship is cursed.”
“I’ve got it all figured out. It’s an eighteen hour trip, which breaks down into six shifts of three hours each, unless we want to go by mileage, I brought a map and I marked where we can switch.”
They make their way through Illinois, Indiana, and most of Ohio before stopping for dinner. They pass the time discussing everything from worst college experiences (Castiel’s is oversleeping a environmental science midterm, Dean’s is blacking out at a campus bar and throwing up on his Doc Martens), to favorite books (Castiel,
“I thought we couldn’t be friends.”
“What, ‘no’?”
Dean grins, “Nice to meet you.”
“He dropped you off at the airport, only new relationships do that. That’s why I never take someone to the airport, that way they don’t expect it every time they go out of town.”
Cas extends his hand. “It was nice knowing you.”
“Is that really what they think about? How long to hold someone for?”
Castiel thought he had managed to shake him but it seems with Dean that is an impossibility.
Dean turns off the Impala’s ignition and steps out of the car.
“Good for you!”
Despite the staring, he knows Dean still cannot place him.
Dean glances at Castiel, finally he’s the one thrown in this conversation. He looks at Castiel as if he’s never been challenged like that before and it makes Castiel secretly smug that he could stand his own in this conversation.
“So you’re with ol’ Balthazar, huh Cas?”
Dean slows the Impala to a stop in front of the Union Square park entrance and pops the trunk. They both get out and walk to the back, Cas takes his bags and slings them over his shoulder.
“Hey, that’s what falling madly in love will do. And, well, you get to a certain point where you’re tired of the whole bachelor lifestyle.”
Dean looks him up and down, obviously checking him out. Cas cannot lie to himself, it secretly thrills him.
“Nothing, nothing.” Dean replies. “So why did you break up with Ishim?”
Castiel grabs his bags, really it’s his whole life stuffed in a few duffels, and places them in the trunk. As he does, he can hear Dean promising Anna to call her as soon as they arrive in New York. They start to kiss again, this time in between sappy “I love you”s and “I’ll miss you”s. Castiel slams the trunk with a loud “thunk”, startling the couple again.
“Balthazar?”
Dean makes haste to change the topic, “Would you like to get dinner?”
Dean turns to Cas and stops. “You’ve obviously never had great sex.”
“I like to be held.” Cas confesses.
“Wonderful!” Dean claps him on the arm.
“How did you know?”
Castiel blushes. “I-“
“I find it hard to believe you’d ever settle down.”
“You sure have a dark side, Dean.”
They kiss, and then kiss again, and then they’re making out in the middle of the road, as if they’ve completely forgotten Castiel standing there with his luggage.
“Of course you do.”
“Did we ever.. ya know?” Dean waggles his eyebrows suggestively.
It was a quarter past noon and his ride was officially late. Castiel Novak was about to leave college and embark on the journey that would begin the rest of his life, and his ride was late. Though that’s what he gets for trusting his friend Anna to connect him with her boyfriend. Anna’s taste in men was not what Castiel would call “acceptable” but sadly there were few people at the University of Chicago making the road trip to New York City. Before he really begins to regret his decision, an old Chevy Impala rumbles to a stop in front of Castiel.
“How so?” Balthazar asks.
“Oh, I’m sorry! Castiel, this is Dean Winchester. Dean, this is Castiel Novak.”
“What happened?”
“I’ve seen shit and when it comes down to it, I’m gonna be ready and you’re not.”
“Thanks for the ride, Dean.”
play on the speakers when Dean suddenly speaks.
“Delta Flight #727 to Los Angeles, now boarding.”
“Five years ago, you said people who are attracted to each other cannot be friends.”
“Oh no, thank you, I don’t eat between meals.”
“That doesn’t make you deep. That makes you morbid.” Castiel retorts.
“What?”
“Dating in the city is a nightmare, how many first dates can one go on. I mean, you go to dinner, maybe a movie, then it’s back to their place and sure the sex is good, sometimes great. Sometimes it’s bad. Then it’s over and you’re in the dark wondering how long you gotta lay there, holding them.”
“Then I guess we can’t be friends.”
Her boyfriend nods, “Nice to meet ya. The back’s open.”
“Dean Winchester! Jolly good to see you.”
“Moved on up to the governor’s.”
“That’s not true at all, I have plenty of friends I would say are good-looking and sex is totally not involved.”
Dean starts the ignition and gets back on the interstate, climbing in speed.
“So did you ever become a journalist?” Dean picks up where they left off at the gate.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank God he didn’t recognize me. Five years ago, after graduation, I drove him from Chicago to New York and it was the longest night of my life.”
“Dean! Not that it’s any of your business but I broke up with him because he was very jealous.”
“You’d rather be in a passionless marriage.”
memorized, and can talk, in detail, about the '70s rock scene. Cas has even accepted Dean's silly nickname.
“Are you saying I don’t have friends?”
“No, you don’t.”
Dean looks at him from the corner of his eye. “Guess not.”
“No, seriously, tell me.”
“Goodbye.” Cas says, with a resolute finality.
“See, most guys don’t want to be held at all, where women need to be held all damn night.”
Balthazar puts his arm around the shorter man next to him, “Dean, let me introduce you to Castiel Novak.”
He glances at Castiel, whose face is so open and earnest it shakes Dean out of his diatribe.
Castiel props his arm on the window and leans his head on his hands, looking out at the fields zipping by and the dark night sky stretching on and on. On his face is a soft smile. The gentle sounds of Joni Mitchell’s
“So, Cas, why don’t you tell me the story of your life?”
Balthazar gives him one last kiss before letting Castiel leave for his flight.
Castiel, lost trying to remember the name, is confused. “Huh?”
“Well probably because I don’t play for her team.”
Dean smiles and shakes Cas’ hand. “Have a good life.”
“Great! Friends.”
“You did not have great sex with your TA. Especially Ishim. Want to know how the electoral college works? Ask Ishim. The socio-economic politics of the Middle East? Ishim’s your guy. But slamming ass is not Ishim’s speciality.”
