Castiel walked beside Dean as they headed along the pathway. Dean would stumble once in a while, but quickly regained his footing. Not once did Dean drop the scuba gear, for which Castiel was grateful. They slowed down again as Dean looked out towards the lagoon and along the coastline. When his eyes landed on a large palm tree, he picked up the pace again.
Castiel’s face scrunched in confusion. ‘I told you, I’m not—augh!!’ He doubled over in pain and fell to his knees. Pain laced up his arm. He had never felt anything like it. Even when his wing had been broken, the pain was nothing compared to what he was feeling at that moment. ‘I-I won’t—rrggh! No!!’ he screeched as he writhed on the ground in agony.
Balthazar ran his hand through his hair as he shook his head. ‘That little fucker… Bet he banged into that wall on purpose…’
Castiel bit his lip and cautiously raised his eyes to meet Dean’s. He was aware of Sam shifting behind, settling Gabriel into the chair. He stared silently at Dean, not knowing what to say. He had never been in this sort of situation before.
‘What?! No! It’s not a good idea,’ Gabriel argued. ‘You can’t…you can’t fix him. And don’t go thinking you’re the only one he’s dated that’s found out and thinks they can tough it out and fix him.’
Castiel whimpered as he made to move away, but Lucifer’s hold over him forced him to remain in place. He watched helplessly as Dean knelt in front of him, giving Castiel a reassuring smile.
Castiel set his things on the ground and began to pull his shirt off. He paused and gave Charlie a wary look. ‘Wait.
‘No! You don’t get to decide what I do! Not after…’ Castiel’s voice quieted back down, and Sam and Dean stared at each other.
'I already know. What I'm getting at is that you didn't hide. I don't know what the future holds, Dean, but things would probably be easier if you went back to not hiding.' She exited the car and waited for Dean.
Dean made a distasteful face. ‘Definitely gives him the upper hand. Those tubs are cramped,’ he complained.
It was as if he had no idea who Dean was. Was Heaven still out of the loop? 'Who are you?' he asked.
Dean felt Castiel’s Grace lightly probe what he projected as his soul. He readied himself for the recoil Castiel was sure to have at seeing the self-loathing Dean harbored as both angel and human. All he got was a sad stare.
Dean could have sworn his heart stopped. Ms. Skrims was a lot smarter than he gave her credit for. Then again, she was a drug lord that had evaded the law for well over half her life.
Gabriel glanced up at Castiel. His bother…ever the scientist. He wondered if there was checklist involved. ‘Controlled setting, huh?’
Sam’s nervousness increased the further they got away from the island. He could still change his mind. Instead of going for a swim, they could just make out on the boat then head back. Gabriel would probably be up for that.
‘Only mermaids are out of my league,’ Dean said bitterly. He pulled the shirt on over his t-shirt and grinned, holding out his arms. ‘I saw this style on a TV show. How’s it look?’
‘I’m okay!’ Dean said as he popped up on the other side. He was blushing brightly, still not completely in control of his fins. He didn’t know why, but he couldn’t bring himself to swim away and leave the human. No, he knew exactly why. He had found that he liked how humans looked. How different their legs were compared to his fins. And their voices… Especially
The swift, clean movements of a well-trained killer danced before Dean’s eyes, wrapped up in a tan overcoat. One man already lay dead at Jimmy’s feet, blood seeping from a clean stab through the neck. A flash of silver, a strangled cry, and another body slumped to the floor.
Jody snorted into her drink and gave Crowley a side long glance. ‘I think you have that confused with an Irish lilt. What
Castiel shot up. He hadn’t said anything. What was wrong? ‘Y-you’re a mechanic, right?’ he asked, just barely managing to keep the frantic tone out of his voice.
‘So…if I take this off,’ Dean said, thumbing the cuff on Castiel’s wrist, ‘are you gonna go all glowy-blue-eyes on me again?’
Dean blinked in confusion. He quickly glanced up at Sam and Gabriel. Sam stared back in amusement, and Gabriel looked completely mortified. He looked back at Castiel, who was swaying slightly in his lap. ‘Cas—‘
Castiel glanced up and back down at Dean’s hip. He busied himself with kissing his way from Dean’s left hip to his right, examining the skin as he went. There was subtle shift in color. It was too jagged to be a tan line, and there were other, darker, shifts in color that Castiel had noticed along the length of Dean’s legs and large patches of light freckles. Dean moaned his name, pulling Castiel from his thoughts.
With that, he jogged off. After a few blocks, a small car pulled up beside him. He looked over and grinned at the driver, who was much too tall for the tiny car. ‘Heya, Sammy!’
‘Those are pretty,’ Dean said. He made a happy whistle as he took an earring and looked at it from every angle, admiring how it sparkled under the sunlight. Seeing the earring in his hand, he had to wonder just how it would be worn—he had forgotten to ask Charlie how hers were attached. ‘Earrings and…wear my scales instead of
Castiel gave Dean a knowing smile. ‘You don’t need to lie, Dean. It’s in your blood. Your family is the longest line of Hunters. Your heritage can be traced back to the Old Village. The first fighters against the darkness.’
Karen entered the living room, holding a phone. ‘Is it okay if Ellen tells everyone the good news?’ she asked giddily.
‘Yes. The cat,’ Crowley said distastefully. ‘No, you do not love that cat! That demon scratched—hey!’
He watched as Castiel’s eyes darted across his wings. Dean’s breath stuttered at the sorrow directed at him. He flinched as Castiel reached his hand up and gently stroked what was left of one of his smaller wings.
Dean took a moment to recall what the word meant. ‘Oh. Er… I’d love to, but uh… I have this…thing,’ he uneasily replied. ‘It’s uh… Y’know…unfamiliar showers and baths and…stuff.’
And with that, Sam and Dean were off. Once they reached the town and began asking questions, rumors of an angel being in the area surfaced. Dean was ecstatic. This was going to be his chance.
Castiel looked around the motel room in dismay. It may not have been as bad as Gabriel's description of typical motel fair, but it was pretty close. And it smelled weird, too.
‘Gabriel can get us into the mixed apartments,’ Crowley replied. ‘That would be the best way for us to get inside. From there, we can access the main building’s basement and dismantle the wards to the first floor’s east side. The western half is protected by warding on the second floor.’
song by them!’ Gabriel’s face screwed up in confusion as Sam shrugged. ‘Huh. We’ll have to fix that.’
Castiel slammed the door shut and stormed to the other side of the boat, which wasn’t very far, much to his disappointment. He tried to steady his breathing as he heard the door open and Balthazar step onto the deck. ‘Why are you here?’ he asked through clenched teeth.
He was filled with carefully hidden trepidation during Pamela’s little seance. Stupid whiny angels and stupid stubborn psychics. Why couldn't anyone just leave well enough alone? The poor woman lost her eyes because Dean was too much of a coward to stop it. But he wasn’t the only one to blame.
‘Well, yeah! But it’s more incentive for me to try harder, right?’ Dean said as he leaned in and kissed at Castiel’s neck.
I thank you all for joining me on this eight year journey. And a big thank you to those of you who stuck around since the beginning. You've all given me the confidence to truly pursue some of the ideas floating in my head and share them with others. Thank you.
has snacks,’ Gabriel said as he climbed on board. He took a deep breath as the small boat moved with the water. He could do this. He could ride around without a life jacket for an hour or so. There was very little chance that he would fall overboard and drown. He had a better chance of Castiel drowning him in the bathtub for eating the last of the ice cream ten years ago in a belated attempt at revenge. He heard his name being called and looked up.
Gabriel growled in annoyance as Sam took his time. He was about to cup his hands together and tell Sam to just pour the peroxide in when he looked up to see the light blush on Sam’s cheeks and the determined stare. He blinked rapidly as he finally registered just how gentle Sam was being. He glanced at Charlie and nodded his head to the door.
‘Well… As I understand it, you’re not really in your right mind, and uh…’ Dean smiled as he leaned against the doorjamb. ‘Besides, I think you have this habit of forgetting. And I wouldn’t want you to forget your first time with me. Since you’ve already forgotten our first kiss.’
Gabriel could hear the worn tone in his brother’s voice and grimaced. ‘Sorry all this shit got dumped on you… It wasn’t s’posed to be all at once.’
Gabriel’s head shot up. He had been expecting to be shot down. He stepped forward with a big grin and froze when his heel came down on something sharp. ‘Are you any good at digging out glass?’
Castiel slammed the door shut and leaned against it, looking Dean up and down. ‘So, Pizza Man, how much do I owe you?’
‘Gabriel?’ Castiel numbly repeated. Dean’s arm wrapped around his shoulder, and he looked up to Dean’s questioning gaze. He gave shrug and looked down at his lap. ‘Gabriel saw?’
Dean awoke with a crick in his neck. He found that Sam was already up and ready to go, so he set to waking up the pair of angels. He hated to admit it, but Gabriel actually looked innocent curled up with Castiel.
Dean leaned toward Castiel, but was stopped by Castiel’s warm hand on his forehead. He felt the familiar pulse from before and frowned.
Sam laughed in relief. He had received a text that morning from an unknown number with a picture of Dean in a hospital bed, the hospital name, and a room number. ‘You’re okay. God, I was so worried!’
Castiel nodded as he looked at Sam. ‘We must be prepared for any and all situations.’ He stumbled forward as Dean tugged sharply. He caught himself on the edge of the bed and gave Dean a chastising frown.
Balthazar’s mouth hung open as his mind wrapped around what Castiel had just told him. ‘I…I never knew…’
But that was what Anna assumed, and insisted it was not Dean's fault. What did she know? He wasn't exactly
‘He had a bit of a god complex for about half a year. Then he set fire to the fourth floor because he didn’t like the color of the curtains. The building was mostly evacuated for about two years,’ Crowley said. ‘It was not a good time. My profits were cut by about ten percent.’
‘That damned cat of yours won’t get off the counter!’ Crowley said immediately. ‘And he’s whining at me! I have never met such a demanding beast!’
'Got a hunt for us?' Dean asked, perking up. He desperately wanted to kill something. Kill something or fuck something. He wasn't exactly picky at the moment.
‘Go away!’ Gabriel shouted back. A few moments later, he heard the engine start and felt the movement of the boat.
Dean frowned and watched as the boat sped away. Whatever Castiel had said had made the women’s screams louder and more excited. ‘What was
Castiel shut the door to the bathroom and started up the shower before calling Crowley. ‘I need you to bring something!’ he said the moment Crowley picked up.
Dean nodded as he threw his arm around Castiel, pulling his angel close to make more room on the couch.
Dean repositioned himself so that he was about six inches away from properly spooning Castiel. When there was no movement from the angel, Dean licked his lips and slowly reached for a twitching wing.
‘I’d say…watch the videos. See what you think. I’ll leave ya’ to it for a while,’ Sam said, scratching his head. ‘Then I’ll set you up with some
Castiel looked around in confusion. Where had that warmth come from? He thought it was rather nice. He looked to the cuff on his wrist then to Dean. That must be it. They stared at each other in silence for several minutes.
‘Jimmy.’ Ms. Skrims’ eyes took in Jimmy and drifted over to Dean. ‘I can’t help but notice that neither of you are wearing wedding rings.’
Both Dean and Sam turned to stare at Castiel in shock. ‘Mom was…but… She was so gentle,’ Dean said softly.
brother, but Gabriel’s as well. It would be a lot less difficult if he knew that he could trust Gabriel. Maybe Charlie would have some input on the matter.
About fifteen minutes had passed when a shadow passed over Castiel. He glanced up, expecting to find a shark. Instead, he saw a green tail with a violet fin dart out of sight behind a reef. He barely managed to keep hold of the camera in his shock.
His heart raced at the implications. A true cross between a mammal and a fish. It was the discovery of a lifetime! What would they name it? What species was it related to? He needed to speak to Dean and find out just what it looked like. Was the ferry still running?
answer, too,’ Dean said brightly. He kept his eyes on Castiel’s as he leaned forward. ‘Either way, I’d be more than happy to help you rub it in.’
Castiel’s wings flared out as he struggled to pull his arm away. ‘Let me go!’ he screamed as Lucifer began chanting. His wrist felt like it was on fire. He let out a sob as the burning twisted deep into his skin and to the bone. Finally, Lucifer released him, and he hugged his wrist close. He quickly backed away and tried to examine what Lucifer had done. His wrist was bleeding profusely from what looked like a spell similar to the binding cuff.
Crowley scoffed. ‘As much fun as that would be, I’d make more profit absorbing a little storefront into my company. Treat the employees well, and you have
‘Fine. Dean. You can’t trust that…that pirate,’ Sam said. ‘He’s been to prison.’ Dean stared at him in confusion. ‘That’s where humans send people that do bad things.’
Dean lightly touched Castiel's shoulder. He nearly stumbled when the angel threw himself into Dean and clung tightly, wrapping his wings around them both.
found him. An older woman of around fifty, but she looked at least sixty—probably from sampling the goods, Dean thought to himself. She reeked of a floral perfume and wore heavy makeup. Dean noted how it looked like she had bleached her hair that morning.
! Everyone’s a goddamned mermaid, and I’m the last to find out!’ He tossed the jacket at Castiel’s face and huffed as he crossed his arms.
Gabriel stared at the front of the hotel. It looked like a house that had been converted into a bed and breakfast. He looked back down at the piece of paper he held in his hand. It was the right address. The name was right, too. Singer Hotel.
Gabriel suddenly turned to Dean. 'You can release him! You don't need him. You have me,' he said desperately. 'Hell, most Hunter families only have one angel, if any! You guys already have two. Please, you don't—' He stopped when he felt a familiar hand rest on his arm. He looked to see Castiel's intense stare focused on him. 'Castiel...'
‘Not intentionally…’ Gabriel sighed as he twisted the cuff around his wrist. He was excited at the initial prospect of getting a cuff with more leeway, but… As he looked over Sam and Dean’s research notes, his stomach clenched. Everything was laid out, dissected, explained… If Sam and Dean went too basic with the new spell, then anyone could come along and make changes. It would no longer need the Campbell bloodline to make the change. Once they found a spell to properly bind an angel, it would set off a chain reaction, breaking the connection of the old cuffs. At least, that’s what Crowley’s notes had revealed. And Crowley had destroyed the evidence soon after the discovery.
The soft trill was back, and Castiel smiled as he listened. It wasn’t exactly a song or particularly pretty. But he found comfort in in nonetheless. If he had to pick a sound that it was similar to, he would have to say it was like a constant, chirpy purr. He breathed a soft sigh as he closed his eyes. ‘I’m fine.’
‘And he’s kinda cute,’ he continued, glancing surreptitiously at Lucifer. ‘Wouldn’t mind meeting him. In person. For a little bit.’
With a few beats from his fins, he was hovering just above the ocean floor. He stretched his fins as far as he could and grinned. He couldn’t compete as a human, but he could definitely compete as a mermaid. And he would win.
Sam nodded as he sighed. ‘Yeah, I wasn’t expecting to be forgiven that easily,’ he said as he began to sit up. He yelped as arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him back down.
‘It’s just finding out what you’re good at, right?’ Dean asked as he gave Castiel a reassuring squeeze. ‘I have a pretty good idea what
Dean sighed and leaned back. ‘Okay… So you’re saying it’s not likely to happen unless some major prick grabs you.’
Dean let out a frustrated sigh. 'Look, you’re nice. And pure. Fuck, you’re so… Dammit! I can't...drag you down. You don't deserve that.'
Suddenly, the pressure left his jaw. Gasping, he stared at his lap. He listened to the sounds around him in confusion. It sounded like a fight. He struggled to bring his head up, and his eyes widened at the sight before him.
Castiel nodded silently then stopped. ‘Oh, no,’ he whispered. He suddenly sat up straight, surprising Dean and throwing him off balance. ‘I don’t have a ring!’
Castiel looked between the two, not entirely certain of what he had managed to get himself into. As romantic and fun as having two lovers chase after him had sounded in his head, seeing it play out was a little more frustrating than he had imagined. ‘Well, I’d love to stay and chat, but I have a cat to feed,’ he said, taking a step back.
‘Right. No wig. I can do that,’ Castiel said breathlessly. ‘It’s in storage… But uh…I can get my er…friend…to grab it before he gets here?’
Meg glared at Anna. ‘You weren’t very nice to Clarence,’ she said quietly. ‘Your usefulness won’t last forever.’ She let go of the case and smirked at Anna.
Castiel let out a short laugh as he stood. He turned and leaned over the railing, staring at the water below. ‘I guess I didn’t want to come back to my “normal” life…’ He glanced up as Balthazar settled next to him.
The angel shifted his gaze from Dean's eyes to the proffered hand. The human gesture had been explained to him once before. He had seen it performed. But…no one had ever offered to shake
Castiel stared in dismay at the jagged plastic coated in his blood. He blinked as his brows furrowed. He recognized it as being part of the battery cover to some sort of electronic device. He took it, fully intending on letting Gabriel believe they had broken something irreplaceable. ‘Shit.’
what was wrong. Everything could have been explained and avoided right from the get-go had Balthazar not been so rash. And he might have been trying
For the rest of the day, Castiel was extremely nervous. He jumped at everything. Even Gabriel was beginning to worry. Castiel had shut Gabriel out of his thoughts, and it was making Gabriel worried and nervous.
‘Tell you what… Since you’re trying to avoid your brother, you can come with me to have dinner at a local restaurant.’
Gabriel bit his lip and glanced around the room. His eyes landed on the door. It wasn’t too far away. The room was small enough. He could probably make it out before Castiel could catch him. If he could make it to where other people were, he’d be safe. He pushed off the wall and nonchalantly placed his hands behind his head. ‘The thing is…the producers like you,’ he said. ‘And I mean
‘They do look good,’ Dean assured Castiel as he kissed a wing. ‘So beautiful. Just like you. Keep talking. Tell me what you want me to do to them.’
He reached up to the zipper pull at the back of his neck and stopped. He crossed his arms and threw a glare up at Balthazar. ‘Must you do that?’
Castiel frowned. He had a feeling that he and Gabriel were not talking about the same thing, but he figured he would worry about it later.
‘Apparently, your friends have deemed it necessary to alert Michael to your location,’ Lucifer said calmly.
Gabriel looked up from his Playboy magazine at Dean. ‘In the closet,’ he replied with a slight grin.
Dean followed Castiel’s lead, matching and imitating movements. Castiel’s tongue dipped into his mouth and swirled against his own tongue, and he groaned loudly. He was leaning over Castiel, covering half his body with his own, his fins spread as far as they could go.
Dean swallowed as his eyes traveled over his dreams’ obsession. He turned his attention back to Ms. Skrims. ‘I’m so sorry, Ms. Skrims, but I believe I just located my husband!’ he said. He took her hand in his and raised it to his lips. ‘It was a pleasure meeting you while I waited.’
Dean didn't know what he should say. He was a Hunter. It was what Hunters did. Hunt monsters, catch and bind an angel. He looked to Sam for some sort of clue.
Gabriel sat up as he let Sam scoot back and out of his shorts. He licked his lips at the sight of Sam spread out on the bed. ‘I think…I’m gonna ride you tonight,’ he declared as he slowly kissed and nipped his way up from Sam’s knees to his neck. He paused and reached into the nightstand, pulling out the small container of lube. He tried to ignore the smiling cherries on the label as he handed it to Sam. ‘Here. You get me ready while I work on you.’
‘He’s welcome to stay as long as he needs,’ Karen replied. ‘Should I look into getting an enclosed pond in the back? We could…cater to a certain crowd.’
Dean choked on his drink and stared at Castiel. ‘What?!’ he wheezed. ‘Cas, we talked about this! That’s weird and creepy, and you…you don’t… Oh, God… Don’t tell me you bugged the hotel room.’
. Your legs are...short. Stumpy. You don’t have any colors to show that you’re a good mate,’ Dean explained. ‘You get to
Sam laughed and pushed Gabriel onto his bed. ‘Whatever makes you happy,’ he said as he crawled on top and pushed Gabriel’s shirt up.
It was an iridescent, green scale on a length of leather cord. The other end of the cord caught, and Castiel carefully removed a second scale. He stared in wonder at the pair of green scales, one darker than the other. ‘Beautiful,’ he said softly. He looked up as Dean came to stand next to him. ‘They’re beautiful.’
Gabriel ignored Castiel in favor of watching Sam. He could swim just fine. Fine enough. He could go up and down with scuba gear, and that’s what mattered. ‘Hey! No! Come back!’ He whined as something caught Sam’s attention, making the tall man rush toward the old pier.
Crowley glared at the trio before turning to face Anna and Michael. ‘I guess that leaves us three together. This should prove interesting.’
‘So far,’ Castiel replied. He placed a kiss on Dean’s cheek then whispered ‘I didn’t sleep with him.’ His breath caught and his heart skipped a beat at the warm, hopeful smile Dean gave him.
Dean leaned against the door frame, crossing his arms over his chest. ‘And what do you want with my brother?’
Sam kept from laughing and took pity on Gabriel. ‘We sorta grew up together. She’s like a little sister.’
… He’s just…a lot of shit has happened lately, and he’s reached the tipping point,’ Gabriel explained. ‘When he finally snaps, just ride it out, and be ready to duck. He packs a mean punch.’
Through the years, Bobby began noticing emotions that weren't his own. Small at first, but with each passing year, they became stronger and more distinct. He then realized the cuff's connection was giving him a small glimpse into Karen's thoughts.
Castiel maneuvered himself out of Balthazar’s arms and swayed before leaning against the wall. He glanced between the two men. ‘Well…I’m heading to my old room if anyone wants to join me,’ he said as he turned and headed to the stairs at the end of the hall.
Lucifer headed to the door and paused, his hand on the doorknob. ‘Oh, and Castiel… You are forbidden to warn them.’
A hand touched his shoulder, and he stiffened and shrank away from the contact. ‘Don’t touch me!’ he screamed. He ran his eyes over Sam’s torso. There was no evidence of the scales he had seen. Had he been hallucinating? He sighed and laid his forehead against the thing that was supporting him. It felt weird for a life preserver. He opened his eyes to take a look. It was yellow and blue. And scaly. ‘Oh, God!’
Castiel nodded and pulled Dean’s arm over his shoulder as he helped Dean to stand. ‘Very well. But after, you
‘More, more, more,’ Gabriel begged as a fourth finger was added, stretching him and massaging his prostate. ‘Oh, God, right there,’ he moaned as he raked his nails along Sam’s thigh. ‘Again, again, faster! Aa-ahh!!’
Both Castiel and Crowley visibly stiffened, staring wide-eyed at each other. Crowley flicked his eyes toward Jody and back, thinning his lips. Castiel responded by taking his cat from Dean’s lap and putting all his attention into petting Muffin.
Through his contacts, he heard the whispers. Events were lining up. The right bloodlines were being brought together. Any generation now, two brothers would be born. The mixed bloodlines that would allow Michael and Lucifer’s true vessels to form and continue through the generations, making them ready for when the apocalypse came.
why you flaked out on New Year’s?’ Gabriel asked, narrowing his eyes. He looked from Castiel to the gaudy jacket he held. He licked his lips and smiled as an idea struck him. ‘This is great! Can you do an episode in drag? Can you put
Castiel took the box from Dean and tossed it aside before grabbing the collar of Dean’s shirt and pulling him in for a deep kiss. He moaned loudly as Dean’s hands roamed over his body. ‘Oh, God…’
‘Why did you let them do this to you?’ Castiel whispered. ‘You could have escaped. Fought them off…’
‘What? Sam’s fine,’ Dean replied. He looked over Castiel’s shoulder to see Sam and Gabriel entering the room with surprised expressions.
Dean shook his head, staring at the screen as he clicked on another link that lead to nothing useful. He sighed and leaned back. ‘Pie. Pie would be nice.’
‘We make one final push,’ Michael suggested. ‘Give it everything we’ve got. Rush them. They certainly won’t be expecting it, and it will distract from Dean’s movements if he’s close to Castiel.’
Castiel sighed and looked away in embarrassment. ‘I believe Gabriel thinks this is a game,’ he said wearily. ‘But, now that you’re awake…’ He stood up, letting the ropes fall to the floor.
‘I gotta say…TV is definitely my favorite human invention,’ Dean said as he grabbed a handful of popcorn from the bowl that rested on his lap.
Gabriel stopped just short of the door and turned back to Balthazar. ‘Uh… What does Scotland have to do with him ditching you?’ he asked in confusion.
The sound of a motor interrupted his thoughts, and he stood with a heavy sigh. The trust between him and Balthazar was too fractured. And what did he have with Dean? A night spent together and a few kisses. It wasn’t as if he could whisk Dean away. His fantasies never played out right. He learned that the hard way when he had first brought Muffin home to meet Balthazar.
Balthazar took a slow breath. In the weeks leading up to Castiel’s trip, Castiel had been acting skittish. After seeing the footage of Castiel and Crowley, he had assumed it was because the two had been seeing each other. But if Castiel was secretly buying a ring… He quickly shook off the thought. ‘Then why the fuck is Crowley in it? Did he think I’d like that?’
Two quick knocks came in response. 'I'm fine,' Dean's muffled voice replied. 'I'm gonna keep heading this way. See if you can't find another way.'
Sam panted and kissed Gabriel’s shoulder as he pulled out and let Gabriel roll to his side. Gabriel’s bright smile was blinding and made his heart swell. He could see himself spending the rest of his life with the shorter human, but that would be entirely up to Gabriel. If everything went south, he could always run away. He swallowed as he returned a tentative smile. ‘What are you doing tomorrow?’ he asked, hoping that he didn’t sound as nervous as he felt.
It was the dead of winter, and the narrow street was empty. From an alley next to an official looking building, emerged a young man. His clothing was nondescript; a simple, dark blue winter coat, jeans, combat boots, and a dark grey newsy cap. He pulled his hat down over his eyes as he looked up and down the road. He sighed in relief as he thrust his hands into his pockets and whistled nonchalantly.
Dean had been hoping to speak to his brother again, but, instead, some other person was on the pier. He didn’t think twice when the stranger fell into the water. He darted forward and pulled the human to the surface and helped him back onto the pier. He hurried to the side and clung to edge, making certain to hide his tail and fins. ‘Hey, uh…you okay?’ he asked.
Castiel looked up from unlatching the front of the cat carrier. He reached into his brother’s bag and pulled out the small set of binoculars. He approached the window and followed Gabriel’s gaze. Sam was bent over, tying his shoe. He handed the binoculars over without question.
He walked over to the desk and began opening drawers, rummaging through them. He pulled out an old journal and flipped through it. From the entries, he gathered it belonged to John Winchester. A throat cleared, and he looked up, not at all embarrassed at being caught. ‘Yes?’ he said as he went back to reading the journal.
Sam’s eyes widened and he looked away. ‘Thanks. I guess.’ He looked back at Dean when a soft snore answered him. He shook his head as he looked over Dean’s body. The blood stains on Dean’s jeans were the only evidence of what had happened. ‘Is he gonna be okay?’
Dean nodded and picked up the bag of scuba gear and followed Castiel out of the hotel, throwing a confused look over his shoulder. He wondered why the redhead’s comment would cause such a change in Castiel’s behavior.
‘Is that…why you’re mad? Because he’s drunk?’ Dean asked uncertainly. ‘I don’t…understand. What’s drunk?’
This chapter is a little...well, it's here to push the story past this point, so very little dialogue. 'Metamorphosis' pretty much happens just as it did (and this chapter focuses on Dean's thoughts during that episode), same with 'Monster Movie.' 'Yellow Fever' didn't happen. If it did, then Dean just nipped it in the bud out of annoyance.
...' He trailed off when he looked down to see Gabriel's shining smile. He let out a sigh and led the way.
Sam gave a shrug. He probably shouldn’t be inviting Gabriel into his life like this, but he found the way the man would switch from overly confident to absolutely uncertain and lost endearing. ‘Just…don’t show up unannounced.’
‘I’m doing okay, too. Got myself sorted. Thank you for your concern,’ Gabriel said to the spot where Castiel had been standing.
‘Oh, I’m sure he did,’ Dean grumbled. ‘It’s just a hypothetical question. For whatever reason, me, Sam, Bobby, whoever, corners you and does something to spook you. What do you do?’
‘I have never been so traumatized!’ Gabriel moaned as he paced back and forth in the lobby of the Singer Hotel. ‘I’ll never be able to look at him again!’
was a mermaid. Who the hell else was a mermaid? Samandriel wasn’t. He’d sent that poor kid on coffee runs in torrential downpours without an umbrella before. Walked in on him plenty of times in the shower. Anna had once entered a wet T-shirt contest when plastered. Balthazar was in the clear—he had a diving certificate and had worked on underwater filming before. What about the hotel owners? What about dear, sweet Karen? And her grumpy husband?
Castiel jumped as he woke up. ‘I didn’t—what…?’ He looked up and met Gabriel’s hard stare. He shrank back against Dean, earning an even harsher glare. ‘G-Gabriel…? Why…why are you here?’
‘It doesn’t work like that,’ Castiel insisted. ‘It’s a reaction. What will you do? Have me go up to every evil creature until I don’t kill them on instinct? I think I can handle humans, but nonhuman?’
Dean stared back with a confused smile. He had heard the phrase before, but he couldn’t quite place it.
He opened the door to find Castiel asleep on the couch with the television on. He made no effort to be quiet as he entered the apartment and turned off the TV.
Castiel stared at Gabriel for a minute, his stomach churning at the thought of just coming clean with everything. He decided against it. There was no need to break his brother just yet. He settled on something a little more gentle. ‘I never had a roommate in college,’ he said slowly.
‘Perfectly fine with me,’ Castiel said as he moved closer and lightly kissed Dean’s lips. He pulled away when he caught the nervous look in Dean’s eye. ‘Oh. Sorry. I don’t normally go this fast. Not sober, at least,’ he said as he sat back.
Castiel stared at Jody for a moment. ‘He’s… Yes, sorry. I thought you were disapproving of his practices.’
nuts on me,’ Charlie replied, pinching her fingers together. ‘Eventually made it back to the water. Well, enough to get wet. And I…broke her.’
‘Just an all-around handyman, huh?’ Gabriel said with a suggestive wink. ‘I have a few things that you could be
Castiel shyly curved his wings forward and trailed his hands over his chest and down his stomach. He moaned as his fingers brushed the base of his cock. He raised his knees and spread his thighs, watching how Dean’s eyes followed his hands. Through the link, he could feel how turned on Dean was, and it was driving him crazy. He wanted Dean to feel the same way. To want him more than anything else. He sent an image along the link and slowly licked his lips as Dean’s eyes shot up to meet his.
Gabriel's mouth snapped shut, and he looked from Dean to Castiel. 'Er...well...' He let out a frustrated noise and kicked at the carpeting. 'No...,' he grudgingly admitted.
Dean picked up a piece of bacon and sniffed at it. ‘So far, so good,’ he replied. ‘But uh… How do they breathe? Or are they just not showing that part?’
Dean grinned and dropped back into the pool as Castiel settled in front of him—legs half in the water as he sat on the edge of the pool. He let Castiel move his hands to hold the mirror at just the right height and promised to do his best to keep still. He was mesmerized as he watched layer after layer of eye shadow was added. He had a hard time keeping his fins and tail under control when Castiel got around to putting the finishing touches of glitter on his chest and shoulders. He chirped and whistled excitedly as Castiel took the mirror from him.
'Don't worry,' Sam said as he walked past Gabriel. 'Just keep close, and you'll be fine.' Sam almost tripped when Gabriel latched onto his arm. 'Er...not
Sam breathed slowly as he processed what Castiel had said. He would have actually preferred that Castiel hadn’t given an explanation. At least,
‘You were more of a father to me than John ever was,’ Dean replied. He looked back at the floor and shook his head. ‘You… Playin’ catch instead of teaching me to shoot? That was probably the best day of my childhood… For the first time since Mary…Mom… You helped ease the pain.’
The sight made Sam a little jealous. He was jealous of Castiel, being able to snuggle up to Gabriel, and he was jealous of the brothers in general. It had been years since he and Dean would have been found in a similar position. Anymore, Dean referred to any form of affection as a ‘chick flick moment,’ and shied away.
‘Is something wrong?’ Castiel asked, setting his luggage and cat carrier next to Gabriel. He looked back at the small boat that was being unloaded by the rest of the small TV crew. His eyes met Balthazar’s and he quickly looked away. Balthazar was being civil, very cold and standoffish.
‘Really,’ Balthazar said, his interest piqued. ‘In that case, your little fisherman had better make a move soon. Otherwise, I’m gonna have to steal you right out from under his nose.’
‘Makeup. Uh…I don’t have everything that I would usually use, but…eye shadow, lipstick… Body glitter?’ Castiel replied, reluctantly mentioning the body glitter.
Castiel looked up at Dean. ‘I’m sorry. I’m just upset right now,’ he replied. ‘Please…please don’t ask why…’
Just as his blind panic was beginning to lift, he felt the boat slow to a stop. Dread gripped his stomach, and he waited silently, listening for Sam to leave. Would he swim away? He was lucky Sam had actually brought them back to the hotel. At least, he hoped it was the hotel and not the other side of the island. Then again, the walk would probably do him some good.
‘Taking my mind off things,’ Castiel grumbled. He scratched his head as he sat up, looking around. ‘Dean?’
Castiel would have ignored the question, but he recalled his conversation with Dean from the previous night. That, and Balthazar was watching him. Closely. ‘He… I believe he is here in the capacity of body guard,’ he replied.
into each other, Cas wouldn’t make a sex tape! He’s…Cas. He thinks sex with the lights on is adventurous.’
Bobby was right. Five months had passed, and Dean had seen neither hide nor hair of the mysterious Jimmy. And he had definitely been looking. He had set up surveillance equipment around whichever building he happened to be holed up in. He constantly checked the local CCTV footage for any trace of the man. Nothing.
Castiel stared helplessly at Dean. ‘You seemed displeased that your mother was an assassin…and you…,’ he looked away and quieted his voice, ‘you were upset that I am one as well.’
‘You humans... You have no power. No ability to help yourselves,’ Dean said and kneeled next to Sam. He stroked Sam’s cheek almost lovingly. ‘That’s why you couldn’t save her. Poor Jess…’ Dean shook his head mournfully. ‘I suppose
Castiel shook as he raised his head and glanced back at his wings. They were still the pristine white of his dreams. ‘I-I don’t…I can’t control it,’ he stuttered.
‘He’s declaring Dean the loser of this ridiculous love triangle,’ Balthazar announced, wrapping his arm around Castiel’s shoulders. He gave Sam a shit-eating grin.
‘I took your advice,’ Castiel said, opening his fist to show off the roll of game tokens before letting it vanish. ‘Although, I had to substitute the quarters… Was that all right?’
‘If you ask Dean, then yes,’ Sam said, rolling his eyes. ‘His file’s turning into a photo album of him and Cas. He’s…taken up scrapbooking.’
Dean surfaced behind Castiel, laughing—his soft clicks coming through. He lightly kissed away the annoyed look on Castiel’s face. As Castiel kissed him back, he loosely wrapped his tail around his mate’s legs. Castiel’s arms looped around his neck, and he deepened the kiss as he let his primary fins spread out wide around them. They slowly sank to just below the surface, and Dean let out quiet, happy whines as he held Castiel tightly to his chest.
Castiel returned and they fell into an easy rhythm. Dean would go about his day and do his job, not once catching sight of Castiel. He knew Castiel was there, watching. Every time he got in a little over his head, the man turned up and would tip the balance in his favor. It worked out pretty well.
Castiel clutched the side of the cot tightly as he listened to Dean’s footsteps ascend the stairs. His wrist was burning, and he couldn’t fight off the need to sleep any longer. He fell over on his side and immediately found himself standing in front of Lucifer.
Gabriel had summoned a large table for everyone to sit at for dinner. Karen and Crowley sat on either end. To Crowley’s right sat Castiel, followed by Gabriel, Sam, and Dean. Dean had tried to convince Gabriel to switch, but was shot down by a menacing glare from Crowley. From Karen it continued to Bobby, Balthazar, Anna, and Meg. Neither of the latter were particularly thrilled with the other. Meg and Anna forced smiles after being told to play nice by both Karen and Crowley.
‘What if it’s Cas?’ Dean asked as he got up to investigate. He reached the door and cracked it open to find his competition for Castiel’s attention slumped against the opposite wall. He opened the door wider and looked up and down the hallway, finding no sign of Castiel. ‘You okay?’ he asked.
Castiel sagged in defeat. As much as he would like to, he couldn’t hide in the bathroom forever. He stared at the door, listening to the silence. He slowly opened the door and peaked outside. Three pairs of concerned eyes met his. He quickly looked down and shuffled into the main room.
‘Oh, that should heal up no problem,’ Dean said, relieved. ‘Shouldn’t even scar if you treat it right. I know a good…uh…thing. What’s that word for something you rub on things to make them better?’
Gabriel scratched his head as he looked back at Castiel giggling helplessly in Dean’s arms. ‘I don’t know who I’m supposed to threaten…’
Bobby dropped the armful of books he had been carrying and spun to face the intruder. ‘Dean?! You…you idjit angel!’ He stalked up to Dean, fully prepared to punch him. ‘Use the damned door!’
Dean sighed and gave Castiel a reassuring squeeze. ‘You went all peacock. Knocked everyone off their feet and took out a few windows,’ he replied.
Castiel tried to form words, but nothing came out. There was a pressure against his back, and he fell forward, onto his knees. He glanced back as saw the violet tailfin spread out behind him. He breathed raggedly as he looked back at Dean.
‘Oh, she’s got this birthmark on her ass. This huge dot on her left cheek,’ Gabriel said. He laughed nervously as all eyes went to him. ‘Uh… I know this because…we uh… Someone gave us the wrong brownies when we went looking for Bigfoot.’
Lucifer smiled softly at Castiel. ‘I’m sure he told you that. But he’s already meddled with the spell. It’s in his blood to do so. The Campbell’s have always been modifying the spell.’
Samandriel didn’t look away from the screen as Anna got up and left, too engrossed with reading the story that went with the drawing. He quickly finished it and nervously chewed his lip as he stared at the open email. Anna would no longer be handling communication with Mr. Milligan. He forwarded the email to himself then logged out of Anna’s account and into his own.
‘Well, it did take me a few days to learn a decent recipe,’ Sam said as he set a tray of drinks on the table. He glanced at Castiel and gave him an uncertain smile. He sighed in relief when he received and uneasy smile in return.
Gabriel sat on the edge of the motel bed, staring listlessly at the bathroom door. Castiel had locked himself in the bathroom well over an hour ago under the pretense of grooming his wings. Gabriel wished there was something he could do to help his brother, but there was nothing. He couldn’t block Dean’s emotions from Castiel, and he had no way of preventing Dean from having them.
Bobby frowned as he came closer. He crossed his arms and gave Karen a disapproving stare. ‘Thought you were above eaves dropping.’
‘I took French in high school,’ Gabriel said, leaning a little closer. ‘Didn’t stick too well. Just a couple phrases. I know how to ask where to find a bathroom and a train. And, of course, the most useful phrase of them all.’
Dean ran over the information. There was a movie of Castiel getting off. To get it back, Castiel would have to date someone else at the same time. If Castiel got it back, then he might be allowed to see it. But…there was a chance that Castiel would choose the other person. He didn’t understand the problem. ‘Why would I have a problem with that?’ he asked.
Sam sat down at the picnic table and leaned his head on his hand. He wanted to take Gabriel up on his offer. He
'A possible sign that he's in an area. It says he's extremely territorial. Ghosts, demons, everything. Find a human settlement with no supernatural activity, and there's a good chance he's there or was there.'
Meg tried again to reach for Anna, but was stopped by the devil’s trap. She growled in frustration as she strained against the invisible wall.
‘Do they expect the glitter-covered shells, too?’ Castiel asked. He watched in amusement as Sam blushed. Apparently, Sam knew his collection was not expected of a male human. He turned his gaze to Charlie and watched as she pointedly stared at the shirt she held, and he just what sort of things she collected. An arm wrapped around him, and his thoughts drifted to the inevitable collection he would be forced to put up with. Maybe he could guide Dean to collect more tasteful items.
‘I’ll be going, now,’ he said testily and shouldered the bag of camera equipment. He glanced at Dean and quickly looked away, blushing at Dean’s curious look. ‘I’d still appreciate the help.’
According to Ruby, Hell wanted Anna because she was an angel bound to flesh that they could question. If that was what they wanted, then why hadn't they questioned Dean? He thought back to his time spent in Hell and could recall only ever seeing Alastair and a couple of his most trusted minions during his torture sessions. Did anyone else in Hell know?
Castiel sighed and handed his phone over. He watched helplessly as Gabriel sifted through the various texts. Maybe he should start deleting them... He flinched when Gabriel's wings flapped out aggressively.
‘Dolphin… Uh…’ He wracked his brain for what a dolphin was. He had heard the term, but he couldn’t place it. ‘What’s a dolphin?’
Gabriel nodded as he wrung his towel in his hands. ‘We have all these amazing creatures roaming the Earth, but… We also have assholes that wanna cut them up and sell ‘em to the highest bidder,’ he said bitterly. ‘For every person that’s like me an’ Charlie…just wanting to get a picture or a clump of fur…there’s someone else that’s out there waiting with a gun. Thought we found a footprint once… We destroyed it. Then we ran around, acting like lunatics…whoopin’ and hollerin’, trying to scare of anything that was around. All ‘cuz we saw some drunk kook at a bar that wanted to bag himself a Bigfoot.’
Charlie jogged to the edge of the dock and smiled at the two men. ‘Did you ask Alfie if you could take that?’ she asked.
‘Marine biologist looking at the discovery of a lifetime?’ Charlie finished. She nodded in understanding before looking up at Sam. ‘You
‘I suppose…you could call me your uncle,’ the angel replied. He reached out and ran his hand over Castiel’s wing. ‘You are something very special, Castiel.’
‘Hex bags, warding…anything to keep us hidden, but nothing conspicuous.’ Crowley turned to face the small group of Hunters and angels. ‘Now, then. Where’s my room?’
'No,' Dean replied without thinking. He shifted his gaze from the box of amulets to Sam. Should he just come right out and admit everything? If things got too heated, he could always just fly away. No, he couldn't do it. He couldn't lose Sam. Pamela may have been accepting, but she had a whole new outlook on life and hadn't known Dean all her life. Sam wouldn't take Dean's angelic side very well. 'I dunno. Maybe he
‘Wait, wait, wait!’ Charlie jogged up to Castiel’s side and nudged him. ‘So you and Dean are a thing? Like, a…real deal thing? He doesn’t have to worry about stupid ol’ Bal ruining everything?’
Dean eyed the knife in Karen’s hand. ‘Er…I was gonna ask what was for dinner, but uh… I think I’ll just go find Cas…’
‘And humans aren’t?’ Crowley countered. ‘We were born from your race. Humans are just as capable of evil as demons. More so, I should think. Your lot knows better.’
Dean poked his head through the doorway, grinning widely. ‘Hey, I’m taking over your room. Don’t come in,’ he said.
‘Hey, I can swim!’ Gabriel said defensively. ‘I’m just concerned that that thing might…blow up or something.’
‘We believe Lucifer will want me on his side,’ Castiel clarified. ‘Michael, however, will call for my death.’
Castiel held out an arm to show off the light scars that littered his skin. ‘I forget to clip them sometimes, and…I usually remember
‘Time for a test run…’ Dean stood and helped Castiel up. ‘Do you want to stay here, with me?’ Dean asked.
Castiel stood and gestured to the body on the floor. ‘Everything is as it should be,’ he said. ‘Dean, I… I would be honored.’
‘So you guys are used to working at half power,’ Dean said. ‘Does that mean you go full power when you’re out of the building, or…’
the merfolk way. As he thought back to that moment, he realized that was when he had actually snapped, clinging to the one thing that made sense in the chaos that his life had become: research. He groaned miserably and buried his face in his hands. He had been so horrible to Dean, and Dean had happily gone along, completely clueless.
Gabriel turned his head to Anna and grimaced. ‘Cas didn’t cheat on Bal. It was one big, fucked up misunderstanding, and I don’t wanna think about it,’ he explained. ‘This was supposed to be good for Cas’s mental stability, not push him over the edge.’
Dean watched as Crowley left. After a few moments, the front door slammed shut, and Dean sighed heavily as he looked up at Castiel. ‘I’m gonna drop into the water, okay? Don’t go anywhere. I’ll be right back.’ He waited for Castiel to nod before going to the opposite end of the plunge pool. He hoisted himself onto the edge and ducked under the railing.
Gabriel didn’t know how long he had been sitting below deck in the dark. It could have been five minutes or an hour. He was huddled on the steps, arms wrapped tightly around his legs, trying to figure out what was going on. There was a soft knock on the door, and he hugged his knees tighter. He had forgotten to lock the door! If Sam came in, there would be no escape.
‘Do you really think he’d turn this down?’ Lucifer replied with a sly grin. He tapped his pen against the base of his desklamp.
'With the damn apocalypse goin' on?!' Bobby asked, incredulously. 'Everything's comin' outta the woodwork! For all we know, this Seraphiel's gonna be the next hunt.'
Dean reluctantly pulled his hand away. He rolled his eyes at Gabriel's smug smile. 'Fine,' he said. 'You wanna know what else is inappropriate behavior? Forgetting I can
‘And since you’re in good mood, we can tape you stripping,’ Balthazar said. He laughed at Castiel’s grimace as he stood. ‘Think of it this way: you can show your boyfriend later. Maybe
Dean gasped as he was he pushed back. He blinked in confusion as his brain processed what he was seeing. Castiel’s eyes were glowing brightly. He opened his mouth to speak, but Castiel quickly dipped down. Dean grunted as the angel rolled his hips back and along Dean’s throbbing erection. He grabbed at Castiel, but soon found his wrists being held tightly. He tried to move them, but Castiel held them firmly in place on either side of Dean’s head.
Gabriel woke up with a loud snort. He was having such a good dream, but he was pulled out of it by Castiel's anxiety. He wrapped his arms around his brother and snuggled closer. 'I'm tryin' to sleep here, Cas,' he mumbled. 'You can have your stupid panic attack in the morning.'
Castiel’s wings bristled as he returned to Dean’s side. ‘I don’t appreciate being used,’ he said quietly.
Gabriel slowly opened his eyes at the sounds coming from the bathroom. He lifted his head and looked to the other bed. He saw Dean blissfully asleep and tightly clutching a pillow. Through his sleep-addled mind, Gabriel took stock. Cas was wrapped around him, and Dean was on the other bed. Someone was missing. Someone was starting the shower. Sam!
Castiel ran his fingers over Dean’s chest and to his stomach. Through the shirt, he traced the line of Dean’s waistband. ‘I think being distracted would help,’ he said.
His decision was made for him when he heard the soft growling of the wendigo. He tightened his grip on the flashlight. Maybe he could blind it then bash its head in. He carefully repositioned himself so that he would be able to bolt past. He aimed his flashlight in what he hoped was the right direction. He let out a breath and flicked the light on.
Dean left the bank with a pretty blonde. He stretched his arms behind himself as he grinned to his partner. ‘You should wear that top more often, Jo,’ he said. ‘Great distraction.’
Sam turned away after Dean disappeared into the water. He wondered if he should warn Bobby. Maybe the older man would turn the television crew away from their small hotel. He sighed to himself. He couldn’t ask that of Bobby and Karen. They had given him so much and asked for nothing in return. They had kept his secret when they didn’t have to, and even asked him if he was comfortable with the crew staying at the hotel.
Sam turned and smiled at the older man that had become like a father to him. ‘I’ll be in in a few, Bobby,’ he replied.
‘He’ll keep.’ Gabriel leaned forward and stood on the balls of his feet. ‘But first, I want a good night kiss.’
The young man nodded and opened his mouth to speak, but stopped as Balthazar pointed in Samandriel’s direction. He gave an apologetic grin and faced Samandriel. ‘My name is Rahiti Teata… My father and I fish…’
Castiel handed Dean over to Sam before following Bobby into the kitchen and to the set of labeled phones.
?’ he said, blinking out of his daze. When he looked around, he found Anna, seething, with her hand raised, and Castiel blinking away tears.
Castiel nodded and sat at the table, and large bowl of cereal was set before him, and he looked up to see Karen’s smiling face.
Dean let his eyes fall shut. He panicked when the feeling of sleep began to pull on him. His eyes flew open, and he reached desperately for Castiel. He clung onto Castiel’s arm as his heart raced. ‘I don’t wanna fall asleep,’ he whispered. ‘Not now…not yet… I… I need to talk to Sam first.’ His eyes were wide and pleading as he stared at Castiel. ‘I can’t be out of it when I… Not with the way I left things.’
him. Doesn’t wanna kill him…’ He trailed off and stared at the ground. ‘Don’t let him know I said this, but…this is for his own good.’
Crowley ran his eyes over the three Hunters, evaluating them. ‘I propose a trade,’ he said. ‘My boys’ freedom for some useful items.’
Gabriel chewed on his lip as he looked away. He trusted Sam with his life, but could he trust him with the fate of his species? He let out a shaky breath as he lost the battle with Sam’s question. ‘All those little extra symbols that you think are just decoration? That’s it. It makes it so only the Campbell line can change things… It’s tied to the Witch’s bloodline. Only you and Dean can change the spell and have it work. If you take it out…’
A quiet tapping caught Benny’s attention, and he glanced down at the water. ‘I don’t know…’ He frowned at Dean’s smiling face. Dean was staring up at him, nodding and smiling like an idiot.
‘Oh, my God,’ Castiel muttered as he buried his face in his hands in embarrassment. ‘You didn’t have to tell them.’
Castiel frowned at Dean’s train of thought. ‘Of course. I was assigned to you.’ His eyes narrowed and he tilted his head to the side. ‘You’re embarrassed.’
Dean’s fins were spread out, and his tail lazily floated from side to side behind him. ‘No purple shells,’ he said as he looked over what Castiel had laid out. ‘And no uh… The fake scales you had on your legs. I wanna see
The first time, he hadn’t remembered, but the second time… He had been fairly sober, but no less belligerent and mouthy, and was quite surprised when the arresting officer pushed him face-first onto the hood of her vehicle and kicked his legs apart. When a hand trailed down his butt crack and massaged his balls through his pants, he had frozen in panic. He was even more confused when he was gently turned around and the officer referred to him as Roddy and asked if he was okay. Between the erection straining against his too-tight leather pants and vaguely remembering the woman’s face from when he had been released from the drunk tank a week earlier, his response had been a shaken ‘I don’t know?’
‘S-stay there. Don’t… Don’t come closer,’ Gabriel said, crouching behind the bed. He stared up at Sam with wide eyes. He felt naked. He had nothing to protect himself with. He looked about the room, and his eyes fell on the small pile of his belongings sitting next to Sam’s chair. Poking out just near the top was what he wanted most. Maybe Sam would give it back without any fuss? Did he look at it? He didn’t seem angry… The subjects of his collections were usually very upset when they found out about his pictures.
Castiel hugged Dean tightly and clenched his eyes shut.  ‘Thank you,’ he whispered. He needed to warn everyone.
Dean blinked slowly as he stared at Jimmy. ‘You’re ver’ pretty.’ His smile widened as Jimmy pulled at his tied. ‘Wouldn’t mind kissin’ you again.’
Dean stared at Castiel in shock. His vision had just been flooded with the sight of the angel propped upside down against a wall, framed by black feathers, sucking his own cock. There was no way. His mouth went dry as Castiel held his gaze, a dim glow behind them. ‘Was…w-was that…,’ he swallowed as Castiel moaned and flicked his wings, ‘…real?’
He let out a shaky sigh as he shut the door and leaned against it. Looking around the room, he caught sight of Sam’s clothes neatly folded at the foot of the bed. He took a few steps toward the bathroom and froze in his tracks at the sound of water splashing and the squeak of skin rubbing against the bottom of a tub. He could just make out the edge of a yellow and blue fin through the bathroom doorway.
Gabriel moved to stand in front of Sam and rested his head against the other’s chest. He sighed as Sam began rubbing soothing circles on his back. ‘This sucks.’
‘Yeah, and you sleep the whole night,’ Dean said. He ran his hands along Castiel’s hips and thighs. ‘At first, I thought you were dead, but you were still breathing.’
‘It’s fine,’ Sam assured him. ‘I mean it. I don’t want you to do anything you’re not into, and I don’t want you to force yourself just to make me happy. Okay?’
‘You two know each other?’ Gabriel asked, looking between Sam and Charlie. When he looked back at Sam, he gave the taller man a wary gaze. ‘You’re not a crazy tree hugger, are you?’
‘You’re right…it’s probably nothing,’ Sam relented. He laced his fingers through Gabriel’s hair and pulled him in for a deep kiss. ‘I overheard the rest of your crew complaining about how noisy you’ve been,’ he said, nipping at Gabriel’s jaw.
By the time Benny had caught a decent amount to call it a day, Dean had finished dressing. He was impressed that the mermaid had figured out how to tie his shoes on his own.
Gabriel let go of the tail and tried to move away from it, but he had trouble staying afloat. One moment, his head was under water, the next, he was half over the railing of the boat. He rolled ungracefully onto the deck as he was pushed the rest of the way. He stared up at Sam’s face, peeking over the edge of the boat.
Sam looked lost. ‘Do…do you love me?’ he asked. He was almost afraid of the answer. There was the possibility that Gabriel only thought he loved Sam, but if he really did love Sam… He still wasn’t sure how he felt about the angel. He knew he cared deeply for Gabriel, but he didn’t know if he actually loved him yet.
‘No cabana boy,’ Anna added as she hefted camera onto her shoulder. She grinned at the annoyed grunt from Gabriel. ‘Now, get your ass on that dock and pretend you believe there’s really something out there.’
Sam leaned back and looked to where he thought Charlie was, only to find her missing. ‘Uh…I uh… I don’t…know,’ he said. Sure, he thought the TV host was attractive, but he probably shouldn’t push his luck. Not when said TV host happened to work on a show about mythical creatures. He held up the box of gauze. ‘We should probably finish patching you up…’
They were talking and laughing and being gentle with each other. They were acting like mates. He had been expecting Balthazar to make every move and show Castiel what he was capable of. That was how it was supposed to go. They were not supposed to act as if they were already mated. He and Balthazar were supposed to show Castiel what they had to offer. They were supposed to bring Castiel gifts. Show him how good they could make him feel. Show off their hunting abilities. Show off their fins and put on a good show…
more sophisticated!’ Charlie retorted. She whined and clicked about how she wished Gabriel would pull his head out of his ass and mate with Sam.
Dean barely caught the reply over the sound of the shower. ‘I mean: Are you gonna accidentally off me and Sam? You said you accidentally killed that one Hunter… Are there more?’
‘Harpoon would send the wrong message,’ Jody said, turning to her husband. ‘Maybe an oar? Or a baby shark! That would look great if you could get him to smile.’
Castiel groaned as he received another email from Gabriel. He wasn’t even finished with the most recent! He saved a draft and opened the new message, simply labeled as ‘Important!’
‘Oh. Yeah. That’s kinda a touchy subject to bring up,’ Gabriel said. ‘Well…if he’s not gonna help you out, then I can help. It’s my fault you’re over there, anyway.’ He offered a small smile and felt a little better when Castiel nodded and thanked him. ‘Just don’t do anything to get blacklisted. I had to travel for about three years under a different name.’
‘It’s just that…having a Low Angel to test the new spells on would make this easier. And I think Cas being half demon is mucking up the spells,’ Sam explained.
‘Uh…actually…yeah,’ Sam reluctantly admitted. ‘On the receipt, he wrote down that I should talk to you.’
‘Do you really think he’ll cooperate?’ Michael asked as he read over a few of the points in the contract.
Gabriel sneered as he did what Anna asked. It annoyed him that she got away with ordering him around, but she had a good eye, and he didn’t want to risk losing her to another show. He exhaled quickly before giving a bright smile. ‘This is just the sort of weather that—’
for writing short stories to go with each piece he drew. He looked at the dining room entrance when he heard laughter and frowned at the sight of Castiel carrying a brightly colored Hawaiian shirt and looking happier than he’d ever seen his brother in a very long time. Behind Castiel, Dean and Sam followed. Dean was wearing only a pair of jeans, and Sam looked extremely put out.
Bobby didn’t bat an eye at the obvious baiting. ‘Lemme guess, you buy up small businesses and run ‘em into the ground. Put everyone out of a job.’
‘Something wrong with that?’ Dean asked as he ran his hand through Castiel’s hair. He kissed the top of Castiel’s head. He was truly enjoying the casual nature of human kissing. There was just one problem. His nose scrunched at the smell of Castiel’s hair. There was a sweetness there that he didn’t particularly care for. Was this what that ‘shampoo’ stuff smelled like? He already didn’t like the soap Castiel was using, and it took forever to rinse it off his hands. He knew there was soap that smelled okay, but was there shampoo?
‘Sure…uh… You wouldn’t mind?’ Gabriel shifted from foot to foot. Sam wanted to see him again? He gave a slight grin and stepped forward. He wouldn’t need to submit an application if Sam actually
A cough pulled him from his thoughts, and he turned to find Gabriel leaning against the doorframe. ‘I wanted to make certain that he was going to be all right,’ he said.
‘You were. It was pretty uh…frustrating,’ Dean said, lightly elbowing Castiel. ‘You had me pretty riled up,’ he added, waggling his fingers to demonstrate his fins.
‘So…you’re sayin’ that…’ Dean trailed off, staring at the potatoes. ‘I have no idea what you’re sayin’.’
Sam sat up and struggled to get into a better position. He slipped, squeaking in surprise and sending water falling out the tub. He grunted as he pushed himself back up.
being you,’ Charlie said with a smirk. She leaned against the hall entrance, Samandriel right beside her. They had seen Dean and Castiel coming up the path and didn’t want to miss the confrontation that was bound to happen.
‘Your family doesn’t have very good luck with sharks,’ Charlie said. She quickly snapped her mouth shut, well aware of just how rude she sounded. ‘Sorry.’
Dean barely maintained his balance from the sudden movement. He met Castiel’s hungry gaze, and his stomach flipped. ‘Before or after my
‘She’s human,’ Charlie replied. ‘It’s okay! She would never tell anyone. She’s a wildlife conservationist and uh…activist.’
contract,’ Lucifer replied. He glanced up at Michael in annoyance. ‘You said you wanted a new doctor for Poseidon.’
The angel sighed before sticking his hand out in greeting with a big smile plastered across his face. 'Name's Gabriel.'
The night passed slowly, and when sunlight began peeking through the trees, Dean finally stood. He stretched and extended his wings. He risked a look and was dismayed at the mess behind him. He should really do something about them. Who was he kidding? Who was he trying to impress, anyway? Castiel? He blushed at the thought of primping his wings for Castiel. He shook the thought from his mind and took off in the direction of his car.
Gabriel took the keys and smiled. ‘Sure thing. Thanks, Karen,’ he said with a wink. He turned and headed toward the hallway. He made it about halfway when a door opened and someone rushed out into the hall, running into him.
Crowley watched impassively with a raised brow. He opened his mouth to remind Castiel that his mother already knew, but decided to let Castiel enjoy his little pity party. Arguing with Castiel in this state never led anywhere good—usually a hospital or the police station.
Sam had to know if they were really dealing with Seraphiel. If they were, then he wanted to be prepared for the worst. Later that night, he called Ruby and met up with her just outside Bobby's property.
'Sure, sure,' Dean stepped aside and allowed the angel to enter the house. 'Just...wait one minute.' His binding cuff was stuffed in his jacket pocket. In the other room.
'Good,' Gabriel said as he passed Sam. He turned and flashed what he hoped was a sexy smile. 'Because I'd rather be alive for the experience.'
Dean turned to Castiel after the door shut. ‘So, what did you wanna talk about?’ he asked, scrutinizing Castiel’s every move.
Gabriel laid his head on Sam’s lap. ‘They haven’t even known each other for a week, and Cas is already…ugh. The shit going on his head? Be glad you have no telepathic connection to
‘Well, you want the reward of following orders, but the freedom to choose,’ Dean replied. ‘And I…I’m having trouble separating the spells. They’re just so fucking interwoven… I don’t think they were meant to be separated. It’s just…it’d actually be
Gabriel raised a brow at his brother. He raised his right hand and pulled the sleeve of his jacket back. 'A little late for that,' he bitterly replied.
‘Lifespan!’ Castiel repeated. ‘How long does your species generally live?’ he asked as he ran his fingers over Dean’s scales.
‘Cas?’ Gabriel eyed his brother warily. He had seen the same look before—feared that he would have to deal with Castiel being in this state after he had tricked him into signing on for a second season at the same time he had been canned. Apparently, finding out about Dean had been the tipping point.
‘For now, Singer Hotel.’ Castiel looked down at his bare feet and sighed. ‘Somewhere else once I get back.’
‘Of course you do,’ Dean muttered. ‘I still need to get…’ He trailed off as Castiel handed him an unlabeled disk. He growled as he snatched it away. ‘Stop doing my job for me!’
Dean was never very good at beating around the bush or being subtle. He had tried that tactic earlier in the cave, and just look where it got him. He should have just confronted Castiel right at the beginning like he had wanted to. But the angel had looked so fragile; Dean didn’t want to hurt him. He was over that thought process now. He figured that Castiel had to have some sort of a thick skin if he had Gabriel for a brother. So, he just cut right to the chase.
‘Then we’ll just stop being careful and let it happen. Don’t see any reason to push it,’ Charlie said as she stood next to Gabriel and watched Dean pull out a chair for Castiel. Dean glanced up at her, and she gave him a grin and a thumbs-up. He nodded and looked down before taking a seat next to Castiel.
Sam watched the display, just as bewildered as Dean. The door opened and Sam turned back to face an older angel with pale brown wings. The angel grinned at him before searching out Castiel and Gabriel.
Sam sighed as he stared down at Gabriel. Asleep, the agent looked sweet and innocent. It was a drastic change from the playful smile. Now that Dean was safe and no one was threatening him, he could take the moment to appreciate how the man looked. Soft, golden hair, lightly tanned skin, perfectly manicured nails… The agent definitely took care of himself. A far cry from Castiel’s mussed hair, five o’clock shadow, and ragged nails. There was something else… He could have sworn he’d seen the man before. He shrugged the thought away, believing that he had probably seen the agent in the background on occasion.
Dean had made his way up to the double doors and had just managed to pick the lock when Sam and Gabriel joined him inside. 'So, Bobby said you should be able to tell us where this ghost's bones are,' he said to Gabriel. And that was all Bobby had said. He had given Dean an address and that was about it. No information on the ghost. Nothing helpful.
Sam nodded as he looked over Dean’s progress and all of the notes that were spread across the desk. He sat down as he sifted through the notes, comparing them to Dean’s preliminary sketches. ‘Well…this’d be a hell of a lot easier if you just took out this spell completely…’
It was Dean’s voice. Castiel was certain that, despite the croak, it was Dean’s voice. He opened his eyes and pulled back enough to see Dean’s crooked smile. He cried out and leaned back as his wings spread out in shock.
Gabriel smiled brightly at Sam and gave him a quick nod and a thumbs up. ‘Great! So he fits right in, huh?’
Castiel reached up with his left hand and gasped when Lucifer grabbed his wrist tightly. ‘L-let go!’
Crowley’s room was large with dark cherry furniture. Dean grimaced at the plantation-style bed, its posts reaching to just below the ceiling. A photograph on the nightstand to the right of the bed caught Dean’s eye, and he got closer to inspect it. He lifted the simply framed photo and smiled. He immediately recognized Crowley. Next to Crowley was an Archangel with honey blonde hair, striking blue eyes, and pale yellow wings. A few of her feathers stuck out at odd angles. In her arms was a toddler angel with black wings, glaring hatefully at the camera as he clutched tightly to his mother. In front of Crowley stood a preteen Gabriel, grinning ear-to-ear.
Gabriel sat up and pushed his hair back as Castiel went on about the shape and color of mermaid scales. He should probably get over his freak out before Castiel started
Castiel didn’t answer right away. The photograph, the entire reason he had allowed himself to be wrangled into the trip, came to the forefront of his mind. ‘I’m here because of my brother,’ he said. ‘But, yes. I know there’s no…sea…
‘Sammy!’ Relief flooded through Gabriel at the sound of Sam’s voice. ‘You gotta come home! That was just too…too… I don’t wanna see you die again,’ he said quietly.
Sam looked at Bobby in confusion. ‘Game show… Oh! Gabriel!’ He laughed as he shook his head. ‘No. Not yet, uh… I… I’m still thinking about it.’
Gabriel sighed and nodded, taking the first aid kit from Sam. ‘Well, thanks. Maybe tomorrow night? Wait, no… We’re filming late. Shit. Uh… God, I really don’t wanna have to have you schedule a date through Samandriel…’
Benny blinked as Castiel turned away and rummaged through his bag. What had that stupid mermaid gotten him into? He raised his eyes to the early morning sky. What was he supposed to do? What was Dean planning? What had possessed him to allow himself to get wrangled into that crazy mermaid’s scheme?
Dean perked up as his brother groaned. He pulled on Castiel’s tie again. ‘Then be distracting,’ he said huskily. Or, at least, he tried. It came out as more of a slur.
Castiel gave Sam a bewildered look, and Sam took pity on him. ‘Dean gets a little…off when he’s drunk or drugged. He’s confusing reality with porn.’
Crowley rolled his eyes. ‘Is this a Winchester thing? Because I know for a fact the Campbells weren’t much for sentiment.’
Dean sighed and looked down at the bag he still held. Peeking inside, he found a can of whipped cream and a piece of notebook paper. He pulled out the paper and felt proud of himself for being able to make out a couple words. ‘Cat…soo-it…feh…fee…ver… Right. Sammy!’
Meg shrugged as she set the dust bin down. ‘Nothing, really,’ she replied. ‘He broke all the bulbs last night.’
Castiel shot up and stared ahead in shock as his perfect world crumbled away. He watched, first in horror then bemusement, as Balthazar barged into the bedroom with a very naked Dean trailing behind. ‘Good morning, Balthazar,’ he said, schooling his features. He had trouble maintaining eye contact with Dean’s bare legs and chest tempting him.
Dean watched as Castiel’s eyes landed on him and Anna. As Castiel’s wings spread out more, Dean stepped closer to Anna. He quietly reached out to Castiel’s Grace and was answered with regret over Uriel’s actions and threats.
Dean and Castiel sat on Dean’s couch. Castiel had his feet tucked under him, and he was refraining from leaning against Dean.
Dean nodded and motioned for Castiel to follow him. Just before leaving the kitchen, he threw a glare at Gabriel. 'I'm watching you,' he warned the disappeared through the doorway.
Dean faltered and looked to Castiel in uncertainty. He didn’t know what to make of Crowley, and Castiel was in no state to give him a second opinion. ‘What are you planning on doing?’ he asked.
'Well, what's done is done,' Sam said. 'Let's just finish this job, and we can talk about it later.'
‘Okay… We’re not telling them. Well, it’s okay if Lucifer finds out, but Mikey? No. Hell, no. He’ll blame me after he blames Lucifer,’ Gabriel said as he paced.
‘Says the guy that got caught in a net!’ Charlie said with a laugh. She flicked her tail and splashed water onto Dean and Castiel.
Castiel breathed deeply as he stretched and cracked his neck. He closed his eyes, putting himself in the right frame of mind. This was a performance. Just like any drag show he’d been in. Just like amateur night at the strip club. He just needed to come off as an unknowing participant. He grinned as he found his inspiration. How would he strip down to get Dean to jump him without knowing what he was up to?
‘I don’t know,’ Castiel moaned helplessly as he collapsed onto the bed. ‘I can’t tell if I’m digging a deeper grave or if I’m trying to start a threesome…’ A soft knock resounded, and Castiel pulled a sheet over his head. ‘Whoever it is, the invitation’s been revoked. Unless they’re both there, then… Well, I’ll think about it, but I have to watch them make out first.’
‘Well…you never know just what’s out there,’ Sam carefully replied. ‘You’re just more enthusiastic than most.’
Sam smiled as he let go of Gabriel. ‘No, I just need to look where I’m going,’ he said. His eyes traveled over the shorter man and continued down the line of people in the hall. His eyes rested on a very shocked looking redhead. He opened his mouth and quickly shut it, keeping himself from speaking his native tongue. He tried again, forcing a friendly smile. ‘I-I’m sorry… You look very familiar…’
‘Well…like I was saying… Muffin’s…difficult to get along with,’ Castiel explained. ‘A lot of people don’t like him, and he uh… He likes to watch. Not everyone wants to look over in the middle of sex and see a cat staring at them.’
Bobby stared at the demon. It all clicked together. Karen, Gabriel, Castiel, even Crowley. ‘It’s family. That’s all you care about.’
‘Can we watch Hellraiser next time? I love the designs of the cenobites! I painted a few pieces inspired by them. Apparently, I traded one for some ink.’
He tuned back in beyond simply playing his part when Anna kissed him. That wasn’t part of the script. He blinked in surprise at her soft smile. He glanced at Castiel, who had looked away, and gleaned nothing from his Grace.
‘But, as you can already tell, Crowley always acts as a spanner in the works,’ Balthazar said with a sigh as Castiel demanded to speak with Jody. ‘This is only the beginning of what will no doubt be an amazing crash landing.’
Dean smiled to himself. Possessing that nun was a good memory. A fun memory. Spanking may have been involved.
‘Yeah! That’s a fantastic idea!’ Balthazar said with a big grin. ‘Mysterious wreckage at the bottom of the ocean. What sank this ship? Rumor has it, it was a sea dragon.’
‘I guess this is the breakdown I was warned about…’ Dean stroked Castiel’s hair and clicked in worry as Castiel pulled away.
‘Because Gabriel wouldn’t have reacted like he did if you were a complete asshole,’ Dean explained. He laughed at Castiel’s lost look. ‘Really? Are you that clueless? He’s worried about you!’
Dean watched, fascinated, as the monster burned from the inside, out. It scrabbled against the ground and clawed at its own skin, screaming at a high pitch. When the inner light faded, all that was left was a twisted and blackened corpse.
‘For us, uh, me, it’s just wrapping our tails together and kissing,’ Dean said. ‘It’s a sign of trust, I guess. Shows that your mate’s not gonna drown you.’
Dean kept his eye on the man as he stumbled over to his bag, tripping over the coffee table in the process. He pulled out a set of binoculars and rushed back to his perch. For a moment, he thought he had lost the man, but quickly found him again, speaking to the plump baker girl. Looking through the binoculars, he could only see the back of the man’s head.
his fun with Castiel. After watching several pornos, he was confident that he could have figured it out with minimal embarrassment. He should have just gone for it. He was already past the prime age for choosing a mate… He was pulled out of his funk when Castiel stepped away from Balthazar and closer to Dean.
Castiel let the scales fall from his fingers to rest on his chest. He rose to his toes and kissed Dean. He let Dean take control of the kiss and soon found himself being lifted and carried to the bed. Dean set him on the bed, and he scooted over as the taller man crawled in next to him. He hugged himself close to Dean’s chest and sighed happily as they settled beneath the sheets. Muffin arranged himself between the pair’s legs. His perfect fantasy was coming true, and he didn’t want it to end.
Sam smiled reassuringly at Gabriel. ‘I probably should just let them take you back,’ he said, ‘but I don’t want to. I won’t let them take you. And we should definitely talk to Dean about Castiel. He deserves to know.’
Gabriel was straddling Sam's lap, one hand buried in Sam's hair. Sam's arms were wrapped around the small angel, fingers laced through golden feathers. They both wore shocked expressions and were staring at Dean.
something out there,’ Gabriel groaned as he trudged onto dock. He pushed his hair back and crossed his arms, frowning at the camera.
Castiel fidgeted with the cuff. He looked off to the side as Gabriel stared at him. ‘We…we were testing the connection,’ he replied. ‘And…I… He asked if I wanted him to touch my wings.’ He looked at Gabriel and took a step back at the shocked expression he received.
Castiel bit his lip and looked away. His eyes fell on the discarded cuff, and his stomach dropped. ‘It doesn’t matter. The cuff doesn’t work. You have no protection from me,’ he stated matter-of-factly.
, is it?’ He turned his attention to Sam. ‘What do you say, Sasquatch? Trade in your angel for a knife that can kill demons?’
Gabriel gently pushed against Sam’s chest and tried to give him a stern stare. ‘I’m still mad at you, though.’
Anna nodded. ‘The whole reason I dropped off the grid,’ she replied. ‘He wanted me to join Lucifer. He didn’t like my answer.’
‘I taught yoga?’ Castiel quickly cast his eyes downward and stared at the table. ‘At least…that’s what I labeled it as on the community board… It was more like I was teaching the Kama Sutra… People… People like a regularly scheduled orgy?’
Castiel smiled to himself as Dean’s arm closed a little more tightly around his shoulder. He had no idea when he had fallen asleep.
‘Gabriel has the same problem, although…he does not have the excuse of being drunk,’ Castiel replied as he glanced down at the agent in question.
Dean opened his mouth and quickly shut it. No. The sheltered, shut-in angel's idea of a television was a
Bobby nodded and turned back. ‘Better make it quick,’ he said over his shoulder. ‘Storm’s comin’ in. Don’t need you havin’ any accidents.’
Gabriel glared as Anna smiled. He noticed that the camera was still recording and trained directly on him. He narrowed his eyes before turning back to the boat and the pair of men it held. ‘Fine! But that’s gonna cost you!’ he said, slowly letting a grin surface. ‘Bal, be sure to get a really nice shot of that tramp stamp. The more voyeuristic, the better.’
He shifted his gaze to Gabriel’s hands, busy with turning the beer bottle to face forward. He reached out and took Gabriel’s hand in his.
Castiel sighed heavily and nodded. ‘Yes. Humans do have difficulty with our real voices… I’ll ask him to stop. He may not be in his body, so I suggest the two of you remain up here,’ he said before vanishing to the basement. He reappeared just outside the panic room and stared at the sight that greeted him.
‘You’re not exactly a prime specimen, now, are you?’ Crowley countered. He tilted his head and smirked as Dean deflated under his gaze. ‘Ruined fins, bad coloration… Granted, you’re a rare one, but not a good choice for publicity. If I were to go public with mermaids, I would want a perfect specimen. Not
Karen shook her head and threw open the door. Three pairs of eyes looked over before turning back to the pie in the middle of the small kitchen table. And then the clicks and whistles picked up.
‘Nah, it’s all good,’ Dean said as he hugged and kissed Castiel. ‘More ‘n happy to be here for ya’.’
‘I think he means you can be a jerk,’ Dean said, lightly tapping Castiel’s arm. ‘Remember the hallway?’ He smirked as Castiel gave him a half-hearted glare. ‘I’m learning,’ he said proudly.
‘So Cas can wear them. Like a…uh…a thing,’ Dean replied, miming a necklace. ‘I saw a bunch of humans wearing them.’
A noise came from outside the door. Dread pooled in the pit of Dean’s stomach. His previous session had been ended relatively early due to a phone call. His torturer had promised to return to finish up his work on Dean’s nails then start in on his teeth.
Dean couldn’t stop the snort of laughter that surfaced. ‘Like what?’ he asked, grinning. This was a good change in pace. Nowhere near as heavy as his previous conversation. He could talk to Sam about it later once he’d wrapped his head around it.
do. I’ll show you how to take down the wards with the first one, then we split up to cover more ground. Got it?’
‘I don’t know,’ Sam said. ‘You heard Charlie. They’re all filming different scenes for the rest of the week. Even Gabe was apologizing earlier about not having time during the day.’
Dean grinned and pushed his mate back against the mattress. ‘That’s fine,’ he said. ‘Gives me a chance to explore
Castiel watched as Dean gave Sam an excuse for being out all night. He thought about Dean's warning. What would happen if and when the others did find out? He would have to keep his interactions with Dean a secret. Both for his sake and for Dean's.
Gabriel stared, slack-jawed, at his cameraman and film editor. ‘You have a sex tape of my brother,’ he said tonelessly. ‘You have a
Gabriel snapped his wings shut, but they remained puffed up. He seethed as the cuff sent reminding tingles up his arm. Oh, how he wanted to hurt Dean and save his little brother.
‘Cas! We need to talk!’ Dean shouted. After a moment of silence, he banged on the door again. ‘Dammit, Castiel! You let me in this instant!’
Sam nodded uncertainly. Something wasn’t right about the doctor. ‘How long does he need to be here?’ he asked. He wondered if he would have to sneak Dean out or get the agency to set up a transfer.
Castiel took another swig from the bottle of champagne. He stared out across the lagoon while he leaned against a palm tree. He pushed off the tree and unsteadily made his way to the edge of the old pier. His life was ruined. All his plans were ruined. And it was all thanks to his meddling older brother. He lifted the bottle to his lips again and groaned in frustration when he found it to be empty.
‘Please, Karen,’ Castiel said, placing a hand on Karen’s arm. ‘He’s in a devil’s trap right now. He poses no threat.’
Bobby huffed as he leaned back in his chair. ‘See these wings? That’s Angel Corp’s insignia. They label all their shit with it.’
Sam set the unconscious agent onto the hospital bed and stepped back.  Dean and Castiel were in the room next door. Dean was high as a kite and unable to keep his hands to himself, and Castiel was doing his best to keep Dean entertained and distracted enough to keep him from picking at his bandages. He would have just left them like that, but Castiel had asked him to take Gabriel with him and keep an eye on the agent.
‘What the fuck were you doing?!’ Gabriel shouted. He caught Balthazar’s grin and Castiel’s grimace. He dropped his shoulders in defeat. ‘Oh, come on! You wanna screw each other? Do it when you’re
Dean frowned. A proper smiting without breaking a sweat? Smiting even the lowest ghost could take out an angel for at least a few days. If Castiel was capable of that, then why did he let Dean bind him?
Castiel shrank away. ‘N-never mind. I think it would be better to speak when you’re calmer.’ He jumped and his wings flared out when Dean slammed his fist on the table.
As Dean silently compared Gabriel and Castiel, he recalled how Gabriel had killed several humans to hide the first death. He had a sneaking suspicion Castiel was the one responsible for that first death.
Castiel reluctantly handed the keys over, suddenly self-conscious of the chubby kitten on his keychain.
Dean frowned. 'Hey, I admit I'm jealous as hell,' and he was, 'but I'm not mad at you, Sammy. I'm proud of my baby brother!' He ruffled Sam's hair and grinned at the undignified expression Sam gave him.
‘He’s so soft!’ Dean said as Muffin rubbed against his hand and along his outstretched arm. He shifted and sat cross legged on the floor, and the cat crawled onto his lap, purring loudly as he sniffed at Dean’s face. ‘Ah! That tickles!’ he laughed as whiskers brushed against his nose. He looked up at Castiel and his smile dropped a little. ‘Somethin’ wrong?’
Sam looked away in annoyance. ‘I think that’s exactly what happened. Shit. Dammit. We can’t take our time anymore.’ He looked down at Gabriel, studying the short angel. ‘Do you think you can get to the others and have them meet up here?’ he asked.
‘Uh-huh…’ Dean grinned wickedly as his fingers brushed over the silver cuff on Castiel’s wrist. ‘Cas? Turn over. Get on your hands and knees.’
Castiel chewed the inside of his cheek as he looked away. ‘That’s…actually what I’m afraid of,’ he quietly admitted. ‘I really don’t want this to be…fun. I don’t… I don’t want Gabriel to be
‘What? No! I mean, thanks, but… I’m good,’ Gabriel replied, quickly shaking his head. ‘I’m sure these nice people don’t run around, trying to stab each other.’
Balthazar snorted. ‘I didn’t know I was playing against a pair of hustlers,’ he said. ‘Well, Crowley I’d expect it from, but you? And
‘Oh, nothing,’ Castiel assured Dean. ‘I believe there was an error in communication…’ He quickly vanished into the kitchen.
Bobby sighed. He felt for the kid. Three Hunters under the same roof, and only one without an angel. 'How do you mean?'
Crowley shrugged in response. ‘I’m a businessman. Some sacrifices have to be made in order to turn a profit. I can’t have demons and angels fighting nonstop.’
Castiel swallowed and carefully made his way closer. He was about five feet away when the tail gave a quick beat and was once again out of sight. He swam as fast as he could, but every time he caught sight of the green and violet tail, it would dart behind another rock or disappear in a cloud of fish. He was getting frustrated. Not once did he see the thing’s head.
‘If it makes you feel any better, I thought that Dean was pulling a hoax,’ Castiel said. ‘I was very impolite about the matter. I’ve only known for a day.’ He sighed in relief as the door opened.
Dean glanced around the barn. What was taking so long? He closed his eyes and prepared to make what would rank high up on the list of stupid things he had done. If Anna thought Castiel wasn't truly sorry for having to obey orders, how would she feel about Dean's complete lack of regret for using her? If she felt any remote semblance to human emotion, how much would she regret kissing him? He exhaled slowly.
‘What’s a…non…dis… The thing you signed?’ Dean asked, almost sulkily. Castiel was useless at the moment (crying about not being trusted), so he looked to Crowley for an answer.
Sam gripped Gabriel’s hips as he stared up at him. His heart beat fast he drew closer to his climax and made up his mind. ‘Yes,’ he whispered. ‘Yes,’ he repeated, raising his voice above Gabriel’s moans. ‘I’ll go with you.’
Sam ripped the magazine from Gabriel’s hold and flipped through it, blushing brighter and brighter. It looked just like him. It
Castiel stared at Dean with wide eyes. ‘O-okay,’ he stuttered in reply, barely able to keep the sudden bout of laughter that threatened to surface under control.
Castiel’s wings vibrated under Dean’s touch, and he squirmed, rubbing his rear against Dean. He gasped and snapped his wings shut when Dean smacked his ass. He looked over his shoulder at Dean in confusion. ‘Dean?’
‘Er…depends… If we were hired to get them, we give the pictures to the client,’ Gabriel replied. He shifted in his seat. ‘Do you…um…’
‘Oh, those! Yeah, I speak that. It’s easy,’ Dean said proudly. He gasped and quickly unwrapped his tail, accidentally knocking Castiel aside. He flattened his fins and hugged his tail to his chest and he forced himself to breathe slowly.
‘He already knows what Cas is capable of,’ Gabriel replied. ‘Cas told me last night. Dean doesn’t know the whole story, but Cas says they’re on good terms again.’
‘Yes. Glitter. Of course. Sorry. My mind was wandering,’ Castiel replied. He smiled reassuringly at Dean’s worried expression. ‘Nothing bad. Just my ruined image.’
Castiel looked away. ‘I can’t make that promise,’ he replied before pressing the needle into Dean’s neck. He placed a final kiss on Dean’s lips as Dean passed out.
Gabriel folded his hands in front of his mouth and shook his head. Sam was everything he had ever wanted to find. Definitive proof that mythological creatures existed. ‘You’re a mermaid,’ he whispered.
Gabriel stared at the ceiling with his arm resting across his forehead. He gasped lightly as Sam’s warm tongue continued to slowly lick the length of his cock as he came down from his orgasm. ‘Fu-uck, Sam,’ he whined as he blindly reached down to touch Sam’s hair. He gave up and concentrated on pushing himself up.
‘I can masquerade as a human,’ Anna elaborated. ‘Balthazar wears a false cuff, and we go out as Hunter and angel.’
‘A couple of redneck bears that trample over everything in their path,’ Gabriel quickly replied. He pulled back and smiled up at Sam. ‘Instead, I got a jerk with too much heart and low self-esteem and a gigantic moose with too much education.’
Jimmy clenched his eyes shut and shook his head. ‘Just leave it.’ His eyes flew open, and he gasped when Dean’s arm shifted. He groaned as Dean cupped his cheek and kissed him gently. As nice as the kiss felt, he would rather be choked. At least he knew how to deal with being choked. He reached up to run his hand through Dean’s hair.
Sam. Sam, who made him happy, made his heart flutter at the thought of running away together. Sam, who
Castiel looked back at Dean with a displeased frown. His expression changed to confusion as Dean offered him an apologetic smile while emitting a quite squeal. He leaned back a bit as Dean sat up. The violet fins spread out, framing Dean. ‘This isn’t real,’ he insisted.
At first, everything was fine. But, the young demons began displaying some distressing habits. It started small; items would go missing, only to turn up later in the demon's room. Worry truly set in when animals went missing, their mangled corpses littering the outside edges of the villages. And then, neighbors turned on one another. When one such fight ended in death, black smoke was seen escaping from the deceased's mouth.
Sam stared ahead as his grip on the steering wheel tightened. He refused to be baited by Dean. Again.
‘Well…yeah. I don’t have legs. Er, normally,’ Dean replied. ‘And yours are different by just a little. Tails are completely different. Color, pattern, shape. You’re more…uh…different, but not as noticeable?’
‘I thought you wanted him to be happy?’ Samandriel replied with a shrug. ‘Aren’t we supposed to be making his transition to film nice and easy?’
Dean was seeing the blue-eyed man everywhere. Now that he was actually looking, he always caught a glimpse of the man in the background. He always wore the same suit and coat, so Dean didn’t even have to
Dean shrugged as he softly rubbed Castiel’s ankle. ‘Never got that far, I guess,’ he said. Well, he had gotten pretty far, but his kind went in a different order. Kissing was for mates. ‘But…I’d like to try it out. With you.’
‘He has a C-card,’ Charlie scoffed. ‘You kinda need to know how to swim if you wanna get one of those.’
‘Where is he?’ Castiel demanded as he came into the dining room, brushing Samandriel and Anna out of the way. He stalked up to Sam and crossed his arms. ‘Where is Dean? I need to speak with him.’
‘C’mon, now,’ Dean said, tipping up Castiel’s chin. ‘We could just get you some brass knuckles. Or a roll of quarters?’
‘Dating, proposal…usually with a ring. Mm… Then a wedding and honeymoon,’ Castiel said. ‘Ceremonies can be extravagant or simple. Depends on the couple.’
Sam frowned and looked away. ‘Gabriel’s right, Dean. Relationships don’t go well for compulsive liars.’
‘Gabriel already got those. Took a couple tries, but he finally managed plain glass,’ Bobby replied before leaving Castiel alone.
. Or rather, merman. What would be the proper species name? He swallowed as he found his voice. ‘I… Rest of our…’ He struggled to comprehend just what was going on. His mind kept drawing blanks for what he should do or how he should answer. He cocked his head to the side, as he grasped the only familiar thing he could. ‘What is your average lifespan?’
got to it first. I could have uploaded that in an instant. Some of the guys I work with woulda been more than happy to upload that. Uriel especially.’
'Well, you were hoping to catch him,' Sam replied, gesturing to Gabriel. He knew his brother through and through, and he knew that despite taking it well on the surface, Dean's inner monologue must be throwing a hissy fit.
Dean nodded jerkily and pushed himself upright. He flinched as Benny grabbed his arm and helped him. ‘I’m fine… I’m…’ He trailed off as he looked down to examine his new legs. He groaned and sagged forward as his eyes landed on the large scar on his left thigh. ‘I won’t be good enough,’ he whispered.
Sam wiped at his eye. The question had completely caught him off-guard, but he felt better for the laugh. ‘Well, I’m a little stressed to be pulling it out right now, but it’s the color of my tail,’ he explained.
‘Okay… That’s…good?’ Gabriel chewed on his lip as he stuck his gun in the back of his pants. It didn’t seem like Sam was lying. His memories were a little fuzzy on the moments before Castiel had shot him. He stepped up to the bed and grabbed a pillow. He removed the pillow sham and went back to his pile. Looking over his shoulder at Sam, he stuffed everything into the sham. He quickly looked away and stood.
?! He stared at his lap, trying to wrap his mind around the idea. His father had become a mercenary in his need to hunt down Mary’s killer. He never did find the man. ‘The…the man that killed my mom…’
‘How?’ Karen asked. Her wings sagged at the thought of Castiel and Gabriel losing their mother so young.
‘Any kind of water. Rain, too,’ Dean replied as he sat up and curled his tail around himself. He smiled as Castiel crawled around him, taking in every little detail and touching him.
Castiel gave a small smile in return. 'That was about all he said on the subject,' he replied. 'I...like hearing it from you, though.'
Castiel nodded miserably. ‘My brother found out,’ he whispered. ‘All the one night stands… My tattoo… Just my deviant nature in general… God, he saw the
‘What?! Are you okay?’ Balthazar asked, getting up from the table. He made his way over to Castiel and forced him to turn around. He saw the blood-stained tear and gasped.
‘Right. Go. Go play with your new boytoy,’ Balthazar said as he handed the camera equipment to Castiel. ‘Hope you’re happy in your little fantasy world. Just don’t get yourself killed.’
‘Did you feed him?’ Castiel asked as he scratched at his head. He glanced at Dean and offered a sleepy smile.
After Bobby and Karen had been gone for several minutes, Gabriel released his hold of Castiel. 'You gonna be all right?' he asked.
Sam held his breath as Gabriel finally stood and turned toward the door. His fins pressed tight against him, and he looked away. He looked back up and watched as Gabriel closed the bathroom door. His heart was pounding in his chest as Gabriel sat on the floor in front of him.
Castiel appeared directly in front of Dean. When Dean made no move to fly off again, Castiel reached up and plucked a small twig from Dean's hair. He kept his eyes trained on Dean's and slowly, carefully touched Dean's Grace. But he was quickly shut out and physically pushed away. He stumbled as he regained his balance.
‘They must be quite a sight,’ Lucifer said conversationally as he stood in front of Castiel, assessing the younger angel. ‘I would love to see them in person.’
He looked down the short flight of steps to the small room and grimaced. He promised himself that when he got back, the Novak brothers were going to be banned from stocking and organizing
Gabriel shifted his gaze to stare his brother in suspicion. ‘Cas? Is there anything else you wanna tell me?’ he asked.
‘He still tries to maintain contact with Gabriel,’ Crowley said in irritation. ‘Even Lucifer is trying to recruit him. And now that Castiel’s existence is known…’ He trailed off, shaking his head.
Dean stared at his reflection in the mirror and wondered if he would catch sight of his mystery man that night. He adjusted his cufflinks and momentarily wished
Castiel had a soft smile on his lips as he watched Dean slowly map out every inch of his skin. He was beginning to understand Dean’s earlier frustration over his own exploration of Dean’s tail. Especially while there was a hand ghosting up his inner thigh with no intention of delivering any form of sexual pleasure. Even the way Dean went about removing Castiel’s clothing was methodical.
Dean licked his lips. It appeared that Castiel really didn't know. How should he go about this? Play the dumb human? Boast of what he used to be? No, he had one question that needed answering, and he needed it now. 'Why? Why did you rescue me from Hell?'
‘No,’ Dean whispered into Castiel’s ear. ‘Keep ‘em on for now.’ He ran his fingers along the seam of Castiel’s jacket where the black wings poked out, dipping them in to rub along the joint.
Sam nodded and hefted his bag to his other shoulder. 'Right. You two be careful,' he said. He looked to Gabriel. 'Well?'
‘Well…the trident represents my love of water… The wings for the freedom it represents,’ Castiel quietly replied. He crossed his legs and placed his hands on his ankles as he felt Dean carefully remove the small bandages on his back. ‘The smaller symbols beneath it are…er…a protection spell?’
wanted to. He missed being in the water with another. Having his fins lightly stroked as he floated leisurely. Even if the confinement of a bathtub was a far cry from the ocean, it was still better than nothing. ‘Maybe some other time,’ he said. He sighed at the disappointed look he received. ‘But I’d be more than happy to spend the night with you.’
Castiel pressed against the wall as his body moved into the kitchen against his will. ‘Please leave,’ he begged.
Dean slowed, but continued to edge closer. ‘Cas… That’s not you talking,’ he said softly. ‘It’s gonna be okay. I’m here now.’
He could not understand. Why did his Father make him this way? He was so completely devoted to his brother. Of course he would support him. Were his fellow angels that blind? Was he the one at fault for being made like this? For being capable of so much love and devotion? No matter how much he screamed and begged, his Father would not answer.
‘The sooner, the better,’ Gabriel added. ‘I can’t reach him through all the warding, but I can tell he’s majorly stressed out.’
Castiel smiled softly and tilted his head. He pressed his lips against Dean’s. ‘And I’ll be with you until the end and after.’
Crowley nodded solemnly as he turned away. ‘Anna, replace the devil’s traps along the perimeter,’ he ordered. ‘Meg, you set about placing wards against angels. And don’t lock Anna out.’
Castiel groaned lowly. He had almost forgotten about Lucifer and Michael. ‘My life is a conspiracy,’ he mumbled.
‘I’m not gonna eat a fuckin’ demon, Bobby,’ Dean said, facing Bobby. ‘But I need some sorta vice right now. I’m getting chips, pie, beer, pretzels, dip, and some cookie dough.’
He made his way to the open door leading out to the deck and paused, leaning against the doorframe. Dean was smiling at Jody, completely engrossed in the tale of how she and Crowley had first met. On Dean’s lap was Muffin—happily sprawled out and kneading the hem of Dean’s shorts. Castiel smiled softly at the sight. How the hell did he manage to luck out with someone as understanding and loving as Dean?
‘Thanks. I guess. Not that this is gonna go anywhere,’ Gabriel said. ‘Fuck… This is gonna be so awkward for the rest of the shoot… What about Charlie?’ He rolled onto his stomach and grabbed a pillow to bury his face in. ‘This is too fucking weird! I don’t know what to do! Do I fire everyone and stop the show? Do
‘And how’s that bad? You’re fun when you’re drunk. Well, the first time you were. The second time… I dunno. You were flirty, but kinda manipulative,’ Dean said.
Sam rubbed his neck in embarrassment as his fins pressed closer around him. ‘Poor planning on my part…’
He lost the battle and leaned his head back, letting loose a soft and needy whine. In an instant the fingers were gone, and Sam’s shoulders dropped in disappointment. His eyes flew open as Gabriel’s hand was back in full force and making its way up to his crotch. He turned his head to face Gabriel and moaned as fingers fluttered against his slit. ‘Oh, God…’
Crowley raised a brow and looked around the table. ‘It’s the supply closet closest next to my office.’
‘Then how did you and…?’ Karen trailed off, glancing at Castiel and waving her hand in the air in a vague motion.
‘It’s fine,’ Balthazar replied before taking a swig of his drink. ‘You just lost any creative input is all.’
‘Is it true the only reason you’re talking to me is because of him?’ Gabriel pointed at Castiel, who was clinging to the doorframe, staring at the exchange with wide eyes.
‘Maybe she didn’t want you to worry,’ Sam said as he rested his hand over the center of Gabriel’s wings.
Sam quickly stood and pulled Gabriel into a hug. ‘It’s okay,’ he said. ‘I was just curious. I’d never replace you.’
Castiel shook his head. ‘It’s okay. I understand,’ he said. ‘The warding is down…’ He bit his lip and sent a silent request to Gabriel, and with a snap, Dean and Castiel were on another bed in another room.
Castiel held onto Dean’s shoulders tightly and he arched against him. He could feel something cold and clammy brush against leg every now and again, but he ignored it. Dean’s enthusiasm was much more interesting.
‘No… That wasn’t a happy sound,’ Castiel said quietly as he sat back on his heels. ‘Is there something wrong with your striping? Your colors? Are you… Are you considered too vibrant?’
Gabriel watched the door for a moment before walking over to Sam’s side. He looked down and swallowed at the sight. With a wave of his hand, Sam disappeared and the knife clattered loudly to the floor.
Across from Samandriel, Anna growled in annoyance. ‘He’s yours. All yours. You can keep him. I’m not dealing with that lunatic anymore,’ Anna said as she sat up straight. She turned her laptop around to show the latest email she had received from their illustrator. ‘He wrote a story about it eating the bones of whales! Chupacabra of the Sea! What the hell?!’
‘Except Gabriel,’ Castiel growled as he hugged Muffin tightly. The cat squirmed in his arms and eventually clawed his way out, leaving Castiel with a deep set of scratches on his left shoulder. ‘I am
Lucifer laughed softly and approached Castiel. He rested his hand on Castiel’s right shoulder. ‘Yes. Just like that.’
?! Does his wife even know? How many other times, Castiel? How many other people? I…I know I shouldn’t, but…I still love you, Cas. And maybe…maybe we could fix it if you would just
A knock sounded on Castiel’s door, and a lower angel entered the room. The angel didn’t look up as he addressed Lucifer. ‘Sir… We…we’ve lost track of them,’ he said quietly. He cringed away as Lucifer slowly turned to face him.
Dean grinned at his brother. ‘Both?’ he picked at a loose thread on the couch before looking back up at Sam. ‘So, you finally asked that weirdo out?’
‘N-no…’ Castiel placed his hand on the cuff and glared. ‘I couldn’t if I wanted. And I don’t want to.’
‘Time bomb? Gabe, what do you mean?’ Sam frowned at Gabriel, who was avoiding eye contact. ‘Gabriel? Tell me what you mean by that.’
Castiel shrugged as he stared ahead. ‘Everything’s been handed to me on a silver platter. My brother has given me a new life, and I’d…probably be very good at it. As much as I’m dreading having my onscreen drunken escapade, I’m…I’m actually kinda looking forward to it,’ he admitted. He laughed quietly as he scratched at Muffin’s ears. ‘More so now, I think.’
Dean hugged Castiel and softly stroked his wings. ‘It’s okay,’ he said soothingly. ‘Everything’s fixed now.’
‘This is more than itching!’ he groaned. He soon found that a little of the odd pain faded when he pressed his fins flat against his tail. He breathed out slowly as he looked at his tail. He could feel his bones fusing together and tail growing shorter, and his scales
Castiel remained still, telling himself that it was just a dream. ‘No. I just…I just dream that they’re white, sometimes.’
Gabriel’s legs gave out, and he shouted as he came, Sam’s cock buried deep in his ass. He spasmed as Sam pulled him forward and hugged him close, fucking him to completion.
‘Don’t get your knickers in a twist. I’ll bring the damned thing. But I will be holding you up to your end of the bargain. On screen half-naked, I believe. That’ll do nicely.’
Dean nodded and kissed Castiel’s knee before laying his head on it, waiting as patiently as he could.
! Did…did he find out about the arrests? I can’t remember! He’s going to tell Mother…’ He stared ahead as his shoulders began to shake, and he broke out into a renewed fit of sobs.
Castiel stared at his surroundings. He was in his father’s private archives. The room was normally in pristine condition, but now…now papers, books, and artifacts littered the floor. His father was going to be angry when he found out. He startled when a hand touched his wing.
‘I thought you might want to know that your…friends are here to rescue you,’ Lucifer replied. He smiled at the glimmer of hope that Castiel’s face betrayed. ‘Granted, it’s much sooner than I had been anticipating… I was hoping to have a better grasp of exactly what you are capable of before dealing with them. Although, I would love to know how they snuck past my lookouts. Would you happen to know, Castiel?’
Castiel shook his head. ‘There’s no point. You’re filming interviews, and I’m not needed for that, and I…’ He quickly looked between Balthazar and Dean. ‘I uh…need some time alone to…figure things out.’
‘Lucifer wanted to send a message to Michael,’ Castiel said, voice barely above a whisper. ‘He knew nothing of Father’s relationship with Mother.’
His brother was so wonderful, so beautiful! He loved him with all his being and hung on to his every word. Wherever Lucifer went, Seraphiel followed without question. When Lucifer was cast from Heaven, Seraphiel followed, lost and uncertain.
Dean slumped back into his chair and rolled his eyes. He picked up the glass of wine sitting in front of him. ‘Yeah, yeah. Just don’t tell anyone.’
Gabriel sidled up to Sam and latched onto his arm. ‘No. I don’t trust you. You want my family dead. You want my dad dead, and you probably want my brother dead. I’m not coming out for that.’
Alastair leaned back and casually wiped the spit from his cheek. He clicked his tongue as he shook his head. ‘No, Dean. I intend to do my best,’ he replied. He brought his arm back and swung out, slamming the pliers against Dean’s jaw.
‘Besides you?’ Gabriel replied with a smirk. He laughed as Sam rolled his eyes. ‘Okay. Um… Nothing I can’t get away from. I don’t need to be there for interviews. And we can always reschedule my scenes. Yeah… That might actually be better. Get all the new
!’ Gabriel shouted as he jumped up. At Sam and Dean’s blank stares, he explained further, ‘It’s great! This one, they’re basing off of
‘Okay… I guess…I’ll see you guys tomorrow? Um… Tell Dean I’m sorry about Cas. I love you. Er…you. Not Dean. Well, Dean’s okay, but he’s got nothin’ on you, and—’
Seraphiel was stretched out on his back, exposing his pale stomach to Castiel. His wings were spread out, framing him and what he had to offer. His tail curled and flicked excitedly as he held Castiel’s stare.
‘Er… Well, from where I stand…or swim…whatever… It looks like a mating,’ she said, her eyes darting back and forth from Castiel to the water in front of her.
Sam frowned, and his eyes flicked to where the envelope sat, nestled in the small pile of Gabriel’s belongings. If Gabriel wasn’t assigned to him, then why did the agent have so many pictures of him? ‘Um… Gabriel?’
For the first time since entering the bathroom, Gabriel’s eyes went up to meet Sam’s. His breath caught at the half-smile. ‘W-what was that sound for?’
‘I dunno,’ Dean replied. He was going to pull away, but the angel had laced their fingers together and was gripping tightly. ‘Me and Gabe already talked about it, and he seems pretty sure that you won’t spaz out and kill everyone. I’m…actually pretty good on that right now,’ Dean admitted. ‘Probably shouldn’t be, but…yeah.’
He dropped his arm and swayed uncertainly. There was a soft splashing coming from beneath him, and he looked down. At first, there was nothing, then a flash of color appeared under the surface, followed by a splash behind him. He frowned as he leaned over more. He could just make out something beneath the pier. If he could just get a little closer… He squawked loudly as he lost his balance and fell into the water.
Castiel shuddered and pulled away from Dean’s kiss as he felt Lucifer’s hold over him fade. He giggled giddily as he stood and no pain shot through his arm. ‘I’m free,’ he whispered, staring down at Dean in wonder. He blinked as he remembered the last time he had seen Dean. ‘I’m so sorry!’ he cried out and threw his arms around Dean’s neck as the Hunter stood, toppling them both back onto the bed.
When there was no response, Dean figured he would have to break the door down. And then he realized what he had just said. His stomach tightened at the possibilities. Either Castiel was unconscious or…
The wendigo hadn't been expecting one of its prey to puff out a pair of wings, appearing much larger than originally thought. Castiel shouted for Dean to run. Dean didn't think twice.
With that, Castiel left and hurried to the small boat. A quick glance told him that he was alone. He boarded the boat and set down the camera and his wetsuit. He cringed as he started up the boat, keeping a watchful eye on the path leading back to the hotel as he edged the boat away from the small dock. He sighed in relief when no one had come to investigate.
Sam’s face screwed up in confusion. ‘Is it…his middle name?’ he asked. He still didn’t have the best understanding of why humans had so many names. Given names, family names, middle names,
Dean found Castiel huddled behind the cot in the panic room. He carefully approached the shivering angel and noticed how Castiel’s shivers were becoming more violent with each step. He could feel a deep self-loathing and fear gaining in strength as well. He took a deep breath and quickly closed the distance between them. He knelt in front of Castiel and reached out, noticing how the angel cringed away before he even touched him.
A soft knock drew the brothers’ attention to the door. ‘It’s open,’ Gabriel said as he set the binoculars on the windowsill.
Castiel frowned and tilted his head, quickly translating the older Enochian dialect. ‘How are you feeling?’
Sam beamed at Gabriel. ‘Exactly! Devil’s traps use a demon’s power to keep them in place, so when Dean added one to Cas’s cuff, it was able to utilize both sides!’
! The producers for this fucking show could potentially blackmail me, so I’m stuck here… My career is
Dean let out an undignified squawk as he was hoisted up one step then another. ‘Hey! What are you doing?!’
Dean had been having a nice conversation with the pretty Hunter, Anna. She was smart, funny, and pretty. A little older than he was, but so what? She was gorgeous. As she drew closer, giving him a friendly smile, he was suddenly hit with an image of himself holding Castiel up against a shower wall, pale legs wrapped around his waist, fingers buried deep in black feathers, and fucking the angel’s brains out. He blinked and the image was gone. He wanted more. And just where
Ellen nodded as Jo buried her face in her hands, shaking her head. ‘Him and his brother are pretty well known in the Hunter world.’
Anna went on to explain what her Grace was, not that Dean needed to know. He just couldn't imagine doing such a thing as ripping out his Grace. No matter what.
Dean laughed at Castiel's statement. 'Yeah, yeah. God, I hope I was never like that,' he said, mostly to himself. 'Go on, get outta here.'
‘Well, sharing your favorite music would be a better next step compared to sharing your bed,’ Sam said with a warm smile.
Sam watched as the angel's right hand rummaged through the bag. He snapped out of his trance, quickly reached into his pocket, and slapped the binding cuff on the angel's wrist.
Dean clapped Gabriel on the back as he walked past and headed towards a hallway. 'We'll get icecream after, short stack.'
‘Great. Crisis solved,’ Dean said as he stood. He reached over and shut off the shower. ‘So, will you come out and have dinner?’
'Wow! Thanks, Cas,' Dean said, taking the steaming mug from Castiel. He took a sip. It had the perfect amount of cream and sugar.
‘Hello? Excuse me!’ Castiel shouted as he tread water. He offered a smile when someone looked over the railing. ‘Can I get a lift?’
‘Geez, Sammy… It’s not like I’m gonna be seen or anything,’ Dean said, swimming a slow circle around the pier. He turned over and glanced at the edge of the cove where Sam had come from. A dock with two small boats tied to it sat on the water. ‘I’m gonna guess the bigger one’s theirs.’
‘Uh…you okay?’ Charlie asked. She nudged Gabriel with the toe of her shoe, drawing out a groan. ‘He’ll live,’ she said to Sam, who was leaning over the desk to assess the damage.
‘He’s absolutely right, you know,’ Crowley said as he sipped at a mimosa. ‘The things he can do with a stiletto…’
Castiel looked up in time to brace himself. Gabriel tackled him and they bounced lightly on the bed.
Dean nodded as he turned the shoes over in his hands. ‘And these all look good?’ he asked distractedly. His whole tail itched, and he could swear that his scales where shrinking and burning.
‘So we can get to know each other better,’ Dean replied. He stuck his tongue out and lightly licked Castiel’s lips.
Dean looked up and gave Castiel a half-hearted glare. ‘No,’ he grumbled. ‘Okay. Fine. So you saw me do a couple of shitty strip teases. No big deal.’
? Well, he wouldn’t mind having that human he had met earlier, but he didn’t think humans could give each other away.
‘I dried out on the beach…got picked up by the authorities…and uh…met them at the hospital where I was getting checked out. Bobby was there for a sprained ankle. They had extra room, so they took me in,’ Sam replied. ‘It was only supposed to be until I uh…“remembered” who I was.’
Castiel threw himself face-first onto Dean’s bed. He lay still for a moment before screaming into the sheets, kicking and flapping his wings angrily.
‘Oh. Well… I met Balthazar shortly after college,’ Castiel continued. ‘He was working as a cameraman on a documentary that I was doing research for, and we hit it right off. Lasted five years. And…and then the tape happened.’
Sam blinked in surprise and looked from Castiel to Dean, who gave him a lopsided smile and an apologetic whistle. ‘I uh…thought that just jumping into the ocean would work. Show him, y’know?’ he replied. ‘I figured the best way for him to believe me would be to see all of me at once, so… I didn’t mean to make him think I had drowned! I just…wanted him to jump in, too. And see for himself, and… I lose track of time underwater. I may have been down there for about ten minutes for all I know.’
Balthazar let out a laugh. ‘Sure, you’re not. You’re fantastic at keeping dust bunnies off the couch,’ he said as he ruffled Castiel’s hair. He turned away and entered the house, leaving Dean and Castiel alone on the porch.
Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel deeply, slowly threading his fingers through Castiel’s hair. He pulled away, and Castiel tried to follow. ‘Don’t forget,’ he said jokingly.
Castiel bit his lip in thought. 'I was alone, and... I think he was after a ghost. He found me instead...' He looked up at Dean. 'I didn't like how he felt. He felt...evil. I tried to run away, but...'
‘I wish I were…’ Lucifer looked around as the light in the room intensified. ‘Unfortunately, our conversation must end. You will tell no one of this, Castiel.’
He didn't have to fake the nervousness of a young man approaching a pretty girl. He even fumbled and dropped his binding cuff. He could only stare in dismay at the thin, silver cuff that lay on the ground. He was completely red-faced and shocked when the pretty blond angel picked up the cuff and handed it to him with a friendly smile, asking if he'd like another go. The week that followed was absolute hell.
Castiel narrowed his eyes as he listened. Nothing really stood out as particularly traumatizing, but… ‘
Charlie stared blankly for a moment. ‘Oh! No, uh… I still…swim on occasion. My girlfriend, Gilda…she has a cabin by a lake.’
‘Why, Cas?!’ he pressed. ‘I know you. You didn’t get it for Crowley and whatever dumb project he was working on. He might have asked you to model after you got it, but he would never be the reason you got a tattoo. He’s met Mikey and Lucy. He values his life.’
Gabriel fell against the bed, his arms finally giving out. He groaned as he turned over and made room for Sam to settle next to him. He lazily kicked out his leg and grumbled in annoyance at the pant leg that still covered his left leg.
‘I can’t help it,’ Gabriel whined. ‘I feel them every time they climb the fence! Throwing them into the kiddie pool at the Y takes power.’
Dean looked at the floor in thought. He remembered watching the cartoon shark and Ariel’s escape. ‘So…he hasn’t picked Balthazar over me?’ he asked with a careful tone.
He looked at the pointed talons that had ripped into so many of their brothers and sisters, dull and lifeless without any power behind them. His gaze followed the burning mane that ran the serpentine length of Seraphiel’s body and rested on the tip of the tail. A small, hollow space was all that remained of where Seraphiel’s blade had been held.
Dean quietly cut the potatoes, listening to Karen. He couldn’t begin to imagine Karen not being able to cook.
'I-it's gone,' Gabriel replied as he stood up, still a bit shaken. He quickly sidled up to Sam. 'Are they supposed to do that? Just pop up and vanish?'
Sam rolled his eyes as he stood and put himself between Dean and Gabriel. 'Look, Dean, I can make my own decisions.'
Castiel pushed himself up then quickly dipped in for a kiss. ‘Would you…like to take a shower with me?’ he asked.
Castiel awoke to the sound of voices and laughter. He rubbed at his eyes as he sat up and glared at the morning sun pouring in from a window. He shifted his glare to his fingers, now smudged with mascara and eyeshadow. As worried as he was over what the conversation outside was on, he refused to be seen in his current state. He stretched and popped a few kinks from his neck before making his way to the bathroom to wash his face.
Gabriel blushed and shrugged indifferently. ‘That’s uh…part of the reason,’ he admitted. ‘And I’m really antsy and wanna burn off some energy, and other than the rainbow dolphin dick, it seemed like a good idea.’
Dean twisted the cufflink between his fingers. ‘Don’t like their own being messed with, huh?’ Dean commented. He could just imagine what sort of punishment he would receive for calling out Jimmy. ‘Do you…do you think I’m a target?’
‘Oh, that? I got that for a photo shoot,’ Castiel replied. ‘Crowley needed a model with a tattoo of wings, and I volunteered.’
Gabriel smiled sheepishly at Sam and showed him the centerfold. ‘It’s all in good fun, sugar! I can make you one of me.’
'I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition,' was Castiel's almost smug answer.
Bobby sighed as he picked up the cufflink and examined it. He looked up sharply at Dean. ‘Where did you get this?!’ he demanded.
‘Both,’ Crowley quietly confirmed. ‘They each have so many spies…if one knows, you can count on the other knowing.’
Castiel pulled himself up and climbed the ladder. He looked over his shoulder when he reached the top. It looked like Balthazar still hadn’t found the keys. ‘Thank you,’ he said as he climbed over the railing and onto the deck.
! But…if we present real evidence, then… Well, someone’s gonna come along and wanna catch it. Put it in an aquarium or mount in on a wall or cut it up,’ he explained. ‘In this business, less is more. Speculation and imagination.’
Castiel's head shot up in time to see his brother give Dean a shrug. He quickly made his way to Dean and pulled his phone from the unresisting hand. 'Please don't ask about it,' he mumbled.
‘I don’t think that’s a good idea,’ Charlie said as she made her way to Castiel. ‘C’mon, Cas. Let’s get you inside. Gabriel’s worried about you.’
He broke out the beers during a short break in driving. Anna had been a painful reminder of what he had lost and would never regain. In between beers, Dean chose to tell Sam about his time in Hell. If Sam could accept Dean for what he'd done in Hell, then maybe he stood a chance of being forgiven for his other crimes.
‘Not every…’ Gabriel trailed off, recalling just how many supposed roommates he had met. The number kept going up. ‘You slut!’ he shouted, throwing one of his pillows at Castiel.
Gabriel spent the next two hours setting up devil’s traps, placing wards on the walls, doors, and windows, and locking every door, going so far as to prop a chair under the handle of a few. When he was finished, he grabbed a cereal box and a couple sodas and headed to the panic room. He struggled to pull the heavy door shut then pushed the old filing cabinet in front of it. He panted as he grinned at his handiwork. Then realized why his makeshift barricade wouldn’t work.
Since I wrote this before Metatron was introduced in the show, I feel like I should point out that this is not the same Metatron. The Metatron mentioned in this chapter is God's personal scribe.
Castiel looked up and met Dean’s gaze. ‘Sorry,’ he said as he sat on the bed next to Dean. ‘I put him in the bathroom. I didn’t want you to be put off.’
Castiel blinked in confusion. He looked up at Dean for an answer, but was just met by a smug grin. So he looked to Gabriel and finally received a response.
Castiel’s shoulders slumped as he stared forlornly at the top of the box. He knew he didn’t have the best handwriting in the world, but he didn’t think it was
Benny sighed as he motioned at Dean. ‘You asked what I caught in my net,’ he said. ‘Well, you’re looking at him.’
spot, and he’d freak out,’ Meg said. ‘He yelled at me for two hours once because I borrowed his chair from the study. I had to leave the building!’
Dean moved his hand and brushed his fingers over Castiel’s cheek. He winced as sharp stings traveled up his arm. He stared at his bandaged hand. He sighed in disappointment. His bandages could use a change. If his hand looked like a mangled mess, he could only assume what the rest of him looked like.
Gabriel scoffed as he rested his chin on his hand. Someone was going to have to warn Dean, and it looked like it would be him. He was still reeling from being in the ocean and finding out about Sam.
Castiel let out a frustrated grunt. He was going to have to wait a whole day before he could properly examine Dean. He still had so many questions left unanswered. So many measurements to take. ‘All right. Well, I’ll be by later to take care of Muffin.’ He glanced at Dean as he hung up and frowned. ‘We won’t get the bungalow until tomorrow.’
It was early evening when they arrived back at the Singer house. Dean grunted as he hefted one of the duffels over his shoulder. He was about to head for the front door, but was stopped by a hand at his elbow. He looked behind himself to find Castiel staring warily at the house.
Gabriel moaned around the hardening cock in his mouth as Sam’s tongue teased the base of his own. ‘Mmm… Sammy, tha—oh!’ He gasped as lube hit his crack and ran down. Squirming, he rubbed at Sam’s thighs as a finger slowly entered him. ‘Don’t be a tease back there…’ He groaned and pushed back as Sam’s tongue lapped at his thigh before teeth gently nipped him.
Sam shook his head as he came up to Karen. ‘Hey, uh… Is it okay if Dean stays with us for a while? Just while he…settles,’ he asked, keeping an eye on Dean and Castiel. All the signs were there: the way Dean leaned toward Castiel, the tilt of his head, the slight smile… Dean was definitely on the hunt for a mate. ‘Or loses interest.’
‘Should you guys really be doing this?’ Dean asked quietly. He elaborated at the pair of confused stares he received. ‘I mean… You’re both obviously drunk. You should be doing this…’ He struggled for the word Sam had used before. ‘Uh…sober?’
,’ Dean said as he flipped over. He spread out his fins and flexed his spines. He looked over as Charlie whistled at him. ‘
‘Do you really think your cabana boy’s brother is serious? Besides, I’m only going to apologize. The rest is up to Castiel,’ Balthazar said, giving Gabriel a winning smile.
Crowley smirked as he felt the devil’s trap vanish. He stepped forward and placed a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. ‘We’ll be leaving now,’ he said to Dean. ‘Coming, Gabriel?’
Castiel had the door partially open and was grinning nervously. His eyes darted to and from Dean, and he was blushing furiously. ‘Um… Yes. Uh…yes. I-I ordered that. S-sorry. Had to put the kid to bed,’ he stuttered. He tightened his grip on the door as Dean faced him with a bright grin.
He knocked on the third door of the hallway and waited. The door opened to reveal Balthazar with a towel loosely wrapped around his hips. ‘I…was looking for Anna, actually. But the same question still applies.’
Dean smiled tentatively. ‘Yeah. So, uh…this gay sex thing sounds like it works the same as us? Just…everything’s on the outside.’
Dean was taken aback. With Castiel's Grace mingling with his own, he could feel the sincerity in Castiel’s words. When he felt a hand rest on his neck just beneath his jaw, he gave up on self-control and kissed Castiel. He sucked and nipped at Castiel's lips.
shrinking in size, leaving spots of human skin showing through. He fell onto his side and writhed as his fins seemed to melt away. He clenched his eyes shut and groaned when he felt the tip of his tail begin to split.
Gabriel paced back and forth in Sam’s bedroom. ‘Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,’ he chanted as his wings flicked out in distress.
Castiel tried to imagine the scenario. It was difficult, but Dean was right. He was a potential threat. If he had a plan for future incidents, then maybe he could avoid having another accident. ‘I could put you to sleep,’ he suggested and looked hopefully at Dean.
When Sam and Dean returned to headquarters, Dean made a beeline to his case officer. ‘Hey, Bobby! I need your help on this!’ he said as he burst into Bobby’s office.
And it was at that moment in the kitchen that Bobby was hit with an intense questioning worry coming from Karen. He looked at Dean and Castiel. Dean looked determined and completely at ease around Castiel, and the angel looked comfortable in Dean's hold, even happy....if he had to put an emotion to Castiel's near-blank stare. Everything Gabriel had mentioned painted Castiel as being calm, intelligent, and naïve. He couldn't think of a more perfect match for Dean. Hell, the damn angel even came with a black paint job.
‘I forgot to buy dye,’ he said in monotone. He finally figured out what was missing from the luggage that Gabriel had packed for him, and what he kept forgetting to buy. He dropped the mirror and buried his face in his hands, moaning loudly.
Castiel blushed deeply and ducked his head as he entered the dining room. Both Balthazar and Meg were giving him identical grins. He pulled his wings in tight when Meg held up a dust bin and shook it. The sound of broken glass filled the room and Balthazar’s grin widened. ‘S-shut up!’ Castiel shouted, turning to leave the room.
‘Ah!’ Black wings suddenly stretched out, shedding a few feathers. Castiel moaned as Dean stroked his feathers and kissed at his neck. He was a panting mess when Dean slowly guided him further back on the bed. He turned and caught Dean’s lips with his own. He straddled Dean’s lap as he pulled at Dean’s shirt.
Gabriel paused with one leg in his pants. ‘He’s…well…not evil-evil, but don’t trust him, okay? Cas gets weird around him. Like…like they’re plotting something,’ he tried to explain. ‘I’ve met Jody a couple times, and
‘Yeah… Pretty convincing, huh?’ Gabriel said as he stood and faced Sam. ‘It won’t be used in the show, though. Maybe as a reference for an artist’s representation or something, but not the actual photo. Because, well…’ He dropped his eyes to the floor. He really wanted to trust Sam. ‘I-I took the photo,’ he whispered.
Sam let out a soft whine with subtle clicks as Gabriel’s fingers drifted over the area where his tail and fin met.
Castiel shrunk back. ‘I…I like him,’ he said quietly. ‘I didn’t know.’ He cringed as he blushed deeply and shifted further behind the doorframe.
He managed to shove Dean out the door and slammed it shut before turning to face his brother. ‘This is so fucked up!’ he moaned as he moved to sit on the bed. ‘I don’t care if you don’t believe me, but they’re fish! Awful, rotten, lying, fish that lure unsuspecting men to their doom! Just like sirens! They’re evil sirens bent on ruining my sanity!’
Sam knelt down and kissed Gabriel’s forehead. ‘That’s no problem,’ he said before standing and taking his shirt off. ‘We don’t have to go that deep to have a good time.’
Gabriel came up behind him and rubbed his shoulders. ‘Hey…you’ll figure it out. It’s an old spell,’ he said soothingly. ‘It’s had
Dean’s eyes widened, and his chest tightened. A part of him feared that Castiel was about to reject him. He didn’t think he could handle that. He was used to the flippant dismissal his own kind would normally give. Not tears and halted words.
Ellen looked from the reporter just off screen to the camera. ‘Uh… Oh. I’m on TV,’ she said into the phone.
Sam slowly walked towards land, hyper-aware of the soft splashes beneath him. ‘I guess… Uh… Is there anything in particular you’re looking for?’
‘Uh… Okay,’ Castiel said uncertainly. He didn’t know what to expect when he saw Balthazar’s name on his phone, but he hadn’t been expecting an apology. He glanced at Dean and forced a reassuring smile.
‘Yeah,’ Sam said with a nod. ‘Same thing happened with Bobby. After the first year of being here…I got caught in the rain.’
Dean shifted and turned to face Castiel. He looked over his angel, his eyes resting on black wings. ‘Cas… I never told you, but… When I…died. When I was in…in Heaven…’
‘You gotta understand that mermaids…like you with the whole half-human, half-fish thing…are the one thing Cas managed to convince me are physically and scientifically impossible. You
Castiel stared expectantly at his brother. When it dawned on him that Gabriel had nothing else to say on the matter, he turned his gaze to Dean. 'Dean?'
He found Sam. With a demon. Sam was smart, but Sam was an idiot. Dean could see manipulation like what Ruby was pulling a mile away. He should know, he'd done it plenty himself. He declared it as his teenaged rebellious years. According to humans, it was normal. His Father would surely forgive him for it.
‘They’ll find out about you! If what Crowley said is true, then they already know mermaids exist!’ Castiel exclaimed. ‘But how much do they know? They must have seen them, or…or caught one. What if the mermaid’s already dead, and they’re looking for a new live specimen before going public?! Oh, God! That has to be it! They’re using Gabriel’s show to look for more evidence! Over half of the myths he’s planning on hitting are water-based! He had to
‘Oh. Well…’ Castiel couldn’t believe it. Dean was essentially saying that he could run away with him. ‘We can talk about this later,’ he eventually said, not wanting to get his hopes up. ‘Anyway. I told you about my woes in love, so how about that secret ingredient?’
Castiel nodded as he pulled himself into a kneeling position and coughed. ‘Y-Ye—‘ He broke off into another coughing fit. When he could breathe normally, he took a moment to catch his breath. His head was still swimming in alcohol. He looked over to see a young man staring at him with wide eyes. He blinked slowly as he replayed what had just happened. ‘Were you under the pier?’
supposed to keep track of how things worked? He paused before entering the lobby, taking a few slow breaths. He stepped into the lobby and smiled brightly at Sam.
He lightly stroked the base of a wing and followed the bottom edge, completely mesmerized by how the feathers sprang back into position after he passed over. With both hands, he started at the center of Castiel’s back and slowly moved along the ridge of each wing, dragging his fingers and displacing feathers as he went. By the time Dean reached the tips, Castiel was hunched slightly and his breathing was ragged. Dean gave a gentle tug, and Castiel let out a muffled moan.
‘I wouldn’t pull you away from your schedule,’ Castiel said. ‘Just take me along when you go fishing. That’s all I’m asking. I’ll stay out of your way.’
Castiel hugged himself tightly. ‘I…I would…want revenge,’ he quietly admitted. ‘But, they wouldn’t do that. Sam would
He hunched over, burying his face in his hands. ‘No one knew about me… No one had any idea about my reputation in college. Do you have any idea how
knows?!’ Gabriel shouted, pointing at Crowley. ‘They know and…and they never told me? Why wouldn’t they
‘That Dean in there?’ Gabriel asked, poking his head into the room. ‘You’re lucky! I talked Cas outta inviting you to his little
Castiel’s breath caught. His cock was touching Dean’s entrance, ready to plunge in. There was something about the way Dean had said it, and possibly Castiel’s own fantasies, that made him think that Dean meant more than just wanting him for that night. His eyes softened as he tilted his head to the left, brushing off the insane thought. ‘All yours,’ he said as he pushed into Dean, moaning at the tight warmth of Dean’s ass.
Castiel stared in dismay at his computer screen. His brother had sent him yet another photograph and article on a mysterious animal that had been washed ashore. With a sigh, he scratched at his day-old stubble and set to writing his brother a strongly worded letter on whale carcasses. Photographs included.
Dean laced his fingers through the feathers and leaned in. ‘Do you want me to stop?’ he whispered into Castiel’s ear. When Castiel shook his head, Dean softly kissed the side of his neck, pulling out another soft moan.
‘Oh! The big house! Yeah, he told,’ Dean said, smiling reassuringly. ‘He was in a…gang. Robbed a bank. He’s a good person now.’
Charlie rubbed Gabriel’s back and shushed him. ‘He’ll get over it,’ she assured him. ‘He just needs to let off some steam.’
Castiel caught himself on the edge and turned to look over his shoulder. Just near his feet was the tail he had been chasing. He stumbled forward as he followed it up, taking in every detail. The same scales that adorned his necklace…fins that had the texture of a marine mammal. The fins that ran the length of tail were like the stretched skin of a bat’s wings. He was staring at an impossibility. A beautiful, amazing impossibility.
The past year had been weird for Sam and Dean. Especially for Dean. Castiel had never left his side during his recovery. But the moment Dean was given the all clear, Castiel had vanished for a week. At first, Dean thought that he had been dumped. Then the news reports and rumors came in. The organization that had captured and tortured him had been uprooted and hunted down. The effort had been so well-coordinated that Dean had no doubt in his mind that Castiel and the other ‘angels’ had been planning it since his hospitalization.
Gabriel's shocked look quickly turned to one of anger. He pointed accusingly at Dean, just as Dean pointed at him.
‘That’s why it doesn’t work right on Cas. It can’t run off his power,’ Gabriel said softly. The suspicion was always there. His adoptive father had done plenty of research on the subject of the cuffs after Castiel’s feathers had come in. He knew what each spell on the cuff did. He watched as Crowley had tried to change the spell, but the bloodspell that was interwoven throughout the spell prevented any changes by those not descended from the Witch.
‘You will. I’m sorry it has to be this way,’ Lucifer said as he circled Castiel. He paused by Castiel’s side and whispered into his ear. ‘Castiel, when you wake up, you will leave through the front gate. Tell no one where you are going.’
‘Lateral malleolus,’ Castiel replied. ‘Medial malleolus is on the other side. Ankle bone. Bottom of the fibula and tibia.’ He watched in bewilderment as Dean gently flexed his foot before bringing his own up to compare their toes. ‘You’re…you’re studying
‘You don’t think he’s gonna reveal you to the rest of the world? Use you as his next science project?’ Sam asked.
Dean scooted over to the bag and peeked inside. He smiled widely as he pulled out several shirts, shorts, and pants. He looked at each item in awe. He marveled at how humans could create something so intricately woven. After several minutes, he looked up at Benny. ‘So…how do I wear them?’
He had called up his coworker, Inias, demanding to know why he couldn’t get into his email, and everything went downhill from there. He could remember leaving the hotel, heading down the path to kick at the boat his brother had rented, and then going to the older pier to drown his sorrows. He was pretty sure he fell in at some point. He could remember seeing one of the hotel employees and Charlie. What happened in between?
Castiel awakened slowly. Orange filled his vision. He blinked, and his eyes eventually focused on Muffin staring at him. ‘Good morning.’
‘So if we angel-proofed the place, would you let Cas and Gabe stay?’ Dean asked. He had his hand resting on one of Castiel’s wings, lightly scratching it.
Gabriel perked up and vanished. The scraping of heavy metal against concrete could be heard, followed by more banging and crashing along with some cursing. Finally, the door to the panic room open inward, showing Gabriel. He wore a white tank top and red silk boxers. He rubbed his hands together as he cautiously stepped out of the room. He glanced up at Michael and quickly averted his eyes, going straight to Sam and immediately clinging onto his arm. ‘I-is my…is my dad really still alive?’
Castiel stood in front of the door in a daze. What had just happened? What was Balthazar going on about? He trudged back to his room, wondering just what he was going to do. As he entered his room, he glanced at his laptop. He may as well check his work email. Maybe send a message to Inias to see how the project was going.
‘Don’t you fucking touch him,’ Dean growled as he pulled himself up. He positioned himself over Castiel’s lap and stretched his spines as far as he could. He kept his fins down, but held them spread out across the water.
‘I’ll have to get new furniture… Nothing matches his color scheme,’ Castiel mumbled as he lightly stroked the fin nearest him. Just days before, he had touched them for the first time. A new species that had gone about courting him the human way
Sam looked up from the book he was reading when heard the door open. He smiled as Bobby struggled to open the door and maneuver an armload of bags inside. He set his book down as he came out from behind the main desk. ‘Need some help?’ he asked.
‘I need a boat. A boat that’s not…that one,’ Castiel replied, pointing his thumb over his shoulder at the rental boat in the distance. ‘I can pay you.’
could have saved her, but…she was only human. Nothing special. Nothing worth saving. Even your mother. Sweet, beautiful Mary. Dead. Could have saved her. Could have let you grow up with a normal life. Didn’t.’
Sam stared at the young man before leaning back. Then he saw them. Three pairs of bright, gold wings. He opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out.
Anna snorted, pulling everyone’s attention to herself. ‘He can barely perform simple tasks. I’m surprised he can even summon clean clothes!’
Crowley shrugged. He didn’t want Bobby to know so much, but he needed the Hunter on his side. He leaned against the desk, deciding how much he should reveal. ‘I understand the
Sam cautiously entered the room. His eyes flicked to Dean, and he sighed in relief at the sight of his brother. ‘You’re okay.’
Sam watched as Gabriel dug deep into a suitcase and hid the photograph at the bottom. He knew the photograph was real. He could tell that Gabriel knew it was real, too. So why was Gabriel pretending that it wasn’t? Did Charlie know about the photograph? The background of the photo matched those of other photographs he had seen of the reefs around the atoll. It was no longer just a TV show following a rumor. They had actual proof.
‘I want this to be over with. I want to go home. I want my old job back. I would rather be in that office, listening to recordings, than be here on some wild goose chase of yours,’ Castiel calmly replied.
look. These things look fuckin’ weird! That spiky one? I thought it was a flower at first! And I can’t avoid them ‘cuz they’re replies to my emails! Even if I have images disabled, I have to look. You just can’t
‘Human custom,’ Crowley replied. He sighed as Dean began clicking at him again. ‘Oh, do stop. You’re not impressing anyone.’
Dean looked over just in time to see his angel polish off the cheeseburger. 'I'd say “slow down,” but I guess it's too late for that,' he said.
Doing his best to control his breathing, Dean stood his ground as well as he could. He glared at the thin, middle-aged man that entered the room. If he somehow lived through this, Dean knew he would end up having nightmares about that sick smile and sadistic drawl. ‘Back for more, huh?’ he snarked. ‘Beginning to think you like me, Alastair!’
Crowley nodded and waved her away. ‘Don’t answer any of the older Hunter’s questions. Or anyone’s questions, for that matter.’
The next day, Sam and Dean saw neither hide nor hair of the film crew. When the crew returned, sans Balthazar and Castiel, Charlie had given Dean a sad look before darting down the hallway toward her shared room.
Gabriel grinned and stepped back. ‘Congrats, Dean-o! You’ve managed to melt the heart of the Ice Queen!’
Castiel took the paper from Gabriel’s hand and examined it. ‘They’re giving us a great deal,’ he said before handing the sheet back and picking up his luggage and cat carrier. He headed to the door and looked over his shoulder when he didn’t hear Gabriel following. ‘Aren’t you coming?’
‘Yeah… I had a girl back home like that,’ Dean said. ‘We were…pretty good together, but…I wasn’t what she was looking for.’
‘If we’re not talking or if I’m not…keeping him distracted, he just…stares at the wall,’ Dean explained. ‘He never did that before…before I told him. And yesterday was so eventful that there wasn’t any down time.’
Bobby shoved the journal back into the desk drawer and slammed it shut. ‘You wanna read somethin’, you ask first,’ he said as he crossed his arms.
'This—everything! Stop being so...so nice! So...you.' Dean ran a hand through his hair and gave it a surprised look when he pulled out a leaf.
Sam looked up from tying his shoe when he heard a soft splash of water. He was about to brush it off as paranoia when he caught sight of a flash of violet cresting the water. He glanced around quickly to make certain he was alone before hurrying to the pier. He reached the edge and knelt down. ‘Dammit, Dean!’ he whispered harshly. ‘Why are you here?!’
‘Yeah… I’m actually used to that,’ Sam replied, rolling his eyes. ‘Karen’s offered my help out on more than one occasion.’
Castiel slowly trudged back into the living room and slumped onto the couch next to Dean. ‘I…I’m gonna just sit here…’
Gabriel’s mouth dropped open in shock, and he stared at the floor. Everyone had been lying to him. Why didn’t Castiel, of all people, tell him? He shrank away as Castiel touched his shoulder.
Castiel laughed softly before leaning in and placing a kiss on Dean’s cheek. ‘No,’ he replied. ‘I think you’re a very thoughtful fish, and I probably don’t deserve you. Now, let’s see if we can fix this.’
‘I didn’t want to be left alone with my thoughts. I..I don’t wanna be…alone,’ Castiel said as he sat back.
‘You alright there, Cas?’ Dean asked. He probably should have cut off Castiel’s supply. So far, Dean had a good buzz going, but Castiel… Castiel was gone. The guy was a light weight. And very friendly. He was already sprawled across Dean’s lap, running a finger up and down his arm.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ Dean admitted. ‘I can’t stop you from…dating around. It’s your choice in the end. How else are you gonna pick the right…um…’ He paused, trying to think of another word for ‘mate.’ ‘The right…y’know…’
‘Yes… Your father is quite clever in that regard,’ he admitted. ‘How about you tell me where I might find you?’
Sam shook his head. ‘Sorry. I have a few things I need to do that are guaranteed to get me dirty. I was gonna take a shower after I finished,’ he said. He was only partly lying.
‘Oh. Good.’ Castiel smiled as he licked his lips. He couldn’t wait to show off his costume in front of Dean. He hoped he was still the same size.
He probably should let Castiel walk out the door and out of his life. But…the man was a looker. And a pretty good kisser, too. A bit clumsy, but there was definitely potential. Dean thought back to all his past relationships. He lined up each fear he had with what Castiel could offer, and each was dispelled. Castiel could take care of himself, no problem. Dean had witnessed the proof with his own eyes. There would be no need for lies. No explanations for long ‘business trips’ or the scrapes and bruises he had a habit of acquiring. So far, the only downside Dean was coming up with was Castiel’s habit of stabbing him in the neck with tranquilizers. Heat settled in his groin at the thought of what sort of games they could get up to. A little hide-and-seek, some light drugging, then wake up tied up in bed.
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose when it became clear that no one else was going to explain. ‘Cas can smite things and he…doesn’t need any recovery time,’ he said.
Crowley looked up with a raised brow. ‘As I understand it, you had no business being in the archives. Or the vault. May as well use your curiosity to my advantage.’
‘Yes,’ Balthazar bit out. ‘Clearly, that isn’t the case, but the evidence did not shine in your favor.’
When she entered the room, she immediately recognized Gabriel's soft snores. She looked over to the couch with a fond smile. Her smile froze when she caught sight of a pair of blue eyes staring at her intently. An unknown boy sat on the couch, wrapped in a quilt, and Gabriel was using him as a pillow.
Castiel felt lighter at Dean’s  excitement running through the cuff’s link. Lucifer didn’t know what he was talking about. The Winchester brothers were not going to enslave angels and demons. They were going to make things
Castiel sobbed uncontrollably as he hugged Dean as tight as he could. ‘I’m so sorry,’ he whispered frantically. ‘I never meant for this to happen… Dean… I love you! I never got to tell you!’
Dean cut in before Castiel could argue. 'More like a low end hotel,' he told Castiel. 'Beds, bathroom, TV. The essentials.' He patted Castiel's back when he noticed the angel still looked miserable. 'It'll be fine.'
Dean frowned as Castiel’s tone shifted from frantic to monotone. ‘Well… It’s more intuitive… But uh… Hey! Let’s do it later. In private. Sorry, I uh… I got caught up in the moment,’ he said as he unwrapped his tail from Castiel, his fins going down to his sides and only flaring out enough to keep him afloat. ‘You’re supposed to be measuring us, not getting freaky with me in the water!’
Benny rolled his eyes. ‘Just be careful climbing over fences,’ he said. ‘Okay…you can stop touching yourself any time now. You can play with yourself later. When I’m not around.’
It was a beautiful January evening in Bora Bora. Clouds were slowly drifting toward the island as a lone observer watched from the edge of a small, weather-worn pier. He was a tall, young man with soft brown hair and hazel eyes. He was Sam Winchester, the mysterious man that had washed ashore three years ago with no identity and no memory. At least, that was what everyone on the island thought. He sighed as he crossed his arms, letting his gaze drift down to the water of the lagoon. His eyes narrowed as a dark shadow passed beneath the surface.
Dean stood in front of the mouth of a cave, looking inside. Eventually, Castiel appeared and immediately shied away from Dean.
Castiel shrugged. The nervousness was drifting back, turning his stomach. What was going to happen when he got home? Would he ever get home? He didn’t have a proper job anymore. He would probably end up losing the apartment. The royalties from his stock photos and film wouldn’t be enough to cover it. He would have to find somewhere cheaper if he was going to support himself and Dean. Muffin wouldn’t be happy—he didn’t like change.
Charlie nodded as she sifted through the pile of CDs and pulled out another unlabeled CD in a clear case. ‘Too bad we didn’t start sooner…’
‘What is…?’ Gabriel looked up to see his brother’s drunken face plastered across a computer screen. His mouth dropped open in shock.
‘I’m a compulsive liar,’ Cas replied with a grin. ‘He thinks you’ll hate him for not telling you.’ He turned to look at Dean. ‘I fooled you,’ he sing-songed as he crawled completely onto Dean’s lap.
Dean glared at him. 'Some angel you are. You burned out that poor woman's eyes.' He really had no place to be criticizing Castiel, and he knew it. He had done far worse.
‘If you say “different,” I’ll give you a black eye,’ Castiel promised. He pulled away from Dean and crossed his arms. ‘I don’t care how much the cuff will punish me. I’ll do it.’
anything!’ Gabriel said as he took the towel off his head and wrapped it around his hips. ‘I was just out here taking photos of the island and the reefs. I just wanted to go somewhere that wasn’t a swamp or…or in the middle of the woods. When I heard about the sightings, I came right out. It’s the middle of winter. I didn’t care what it was. I just… I wanted to be warm. And then…’ He moaned helplessly as he buried his face in his hands. ‘It was supposed to be a whale carcass! I had a whole episode planned on rotting whale carcasses and trash being mistaken for sea monsters!’
Gabriel felt sick to his stomach as he thought about it. Charlie was a mermaid, too. With the way she avoided water, she
He glanced at Gabriel and Castiel, who each had a wing tucked against the other. ‘But, had it been prolonged, she might still be alive.’
‘I was walking home…in drag…when I was assaulted by a group of men,’ he said slowly, running his fingers up and down the stem of the wine glass. ‘I fought back and caused a fair bit of damage by the time the cops showed up. They arrested everyone and did not bother to hide their…opinions of me. They shattered my elbow and dislocated my shoulder, but not before using every derogatory term they knew and a few…colorful threats.’ He paused and smiled bitterly at the wine glass. ‘The group that assaulted me took a plea bargain for acting as witnesses at the trial.’
Crowley pointed his fork at Dean. ‘If Gabriel and Castiel are not permitted to have private conversations during dinner, then neither are you,’ he calmly stated before turning his attention to Castiel. ‘And
Sam blinked as he stared at Charlie. It was a pretty decent translation of Dean’s given name. ‘No…he’s alive. He actually showed up the other day.’
‘It’s a…a missed chance at mischief. Keep everyone on their toes,’ Gabriel explained. He looked around the table at the confused looks that came from everyone that didn’t work for Crowley. ‘I usually get into everything. I tried it once, but gave up because I thought the mixed apartments were just as warded as the main building.’
Dean leaned forward so that his lips brushed against Jimmy’s ear. ‘Prague, Rome, Venice, Vienna, Dublin, Chicago, Berlin, Pisa… Need I go on?’ He grinned as Jimmy shivered.
‘I’m fine,’ Castiel insisted. He refused to believe that his brother was right, and that he was about to freak out over the turn his life had taken. He was just a little stressed. He could deal with it. So what if he had lost his job and was stuck on some joke of a show halfway around the world? So what if mythological creatures were real and he was currently sleeping with one? So what if…
Sam sighed as he sat on the edge of the pier. Without physically dragging his brother away, there would be no way to guarantee Dean’s safety. ‘I guess,’ he reluctantly mumbled. ‘Oh! Get this,
‘And if you spike it, then coffee. The activity,’ Anna added, earning sniggers from Samandriel and Charlie.
'But what if I never catch one?' Dean asked. 'Not that it matters. I don't know if I even want one anymore.'
Castiel couldn’t keep his laughter contained as tiny gasps anymore. ‘That’s… Where did you even get that idea?! Ha!
‘Cas, I need you here! I need you on the show,’ Gabriel pleaded. He came closer to Castiel and smiled uncertainly. ‘He just points the camera at you, splices stuff together…no talking. You guys don’t need to interact.’
‘There’s a…TV show coming. They’re coming here to find a sea serpent that’s been sighted in the area,’ Sam explained. ‘They’re coming here, looking for
It only made Dean angrier. 'Yeah? Thanks for that,' he replied as his hand tightened around the knife he had hidden behind his back. He stabbed Castiel, hoping at least a little pain would get through. Castiel didn't even blink, and Dean's heart sank. He was Seraphiel. He used to be the highest ranking of the Seraphim. He used to be beautiful and loved. Now, he was no match for the low ranking soldier that stood before him.
‘We are live with Jo Harvell and her Lower Angel, Ash, at the famous Roadhouse,’ spoke the woman holding the microphone on the TV.
Cas bit his lip. ‘G-gimme a sec…’ He muted his phone and turned to Dean. ‘Um… There’s a uh…sex tape, I guess, of me masturbating, and to get it back…I have to go on a date with my ex. I still…kinda like him. I don’t know how things will turn out.’
Dean moaned softly as his hips rose of their own accord to brush against Castiel. He shivered at the sensation. He was so much more
‘Thought you were gonna help edit. Pick out some underwater shots,’ Balthazar explained. ‘You could have just said you wanted to ditch to play with your new boytoy.’
The angel nodded and waited patiently while Dean hurried away. He tilted his head in question when Dean returned without Gabriel.
Sam frowned. He could recall a similar situation, but he was certain he had never seen Gabriel before the other day. He set his phone on his chair as he stood.
‘I didn’t get him fired,’ Gabriel said. ‘He’s taking time off to be here. He’s gonna quit on his own. I know him, and he just needs a push in the right direction.
Dean pointed the remote at the TV and turned the power off. At least, he tried. Repeatedly. ‘Gabriel!’
Dean frowned in disappointment. He brought his legs to his chest and stared at his ankles. He knew he would have to spread his legs apart at some point. He tried wiggling the toes on just one foot, but it wasn’t working. He sighed in irritation as he grabbed one of his legs, placing a hand between his knees, then tried to straighten the other.
Dean paled. People paid attention to that sort of stuff? 'So, uh...interrogate everyone with green eyes?' he said jokingly, hoping his voice wasn't wavering as much as he thought it was.
There, on the front porch, was a young angel. The angel was staring off to the side, distractedly pulling at the tie around his neck.
Dean stared up at Crowley as he ran over what the man said. He had momentarily been put off track by Crowley reminding him that he wasn’t an ideal specimen, but now that he thought about it… How would Crowley know? ‘How many mermaids have you met?’ he asked suspiciously.
Dean winced as he watched Castiel get his ass handed to him. ‘C’mon, Cas,’ he said quietly. ‘Fight back…’
Castiel snuggled happily against the warm chest he rested on. He relaxed further as a hand gently stroked his hair. ‘Mm… Good morning.’
As Castiel left the small hotel, his thoughts drifted between Balthazar and Dean. He didn’t know how he felt about his ex anymore. He had grown used to avoiding him and being given the cold shoulder. He loved that they were speaking again, and that he knew
Castiel glanced down and frowned. ‘I…don’t know. If he upped the dosage, he could be unconscious for about ten hours.’ He shook his head and raised his gaze to Dean. ‘Bring some morphine and fentanyl.’
He gave up understanding why Gabriel thought it was the end of the world. He reached over and turned off the lamp before curling up on the couch.
‘I hate the artist. Whoever they hired is an idiot. Have you ever read the commentary he sends?’ Anna said as she dropped into a chair. She pulled at her shirt and made a face as it clung to her chest. ‘I’d rather go back to sound design than read more about his fantasy world.’
Karen walked past the four boys and up to Crowley. ‘I’m so sorry for their rude behavior! I’ve taught them better,’ she said glaring over her shoulder.
This was how the Hunter came into being. Brave, young men and women would travel the country, hunting monsters and ghosts. All the while, looking to catch an angel in between hunts.
Dean kept receiving confused images of meatloaf and hamburgers and had to bite his cheek to keep from laughing. He focused his own thoughts and tried to explain the difference.
