The beer was suddenly an unwanted distraction when all John wanted to do was turn and get both hands on her girlfriend. A flash of recklessness had her tipping back the rest of her drink, the glass being taken from her hand the second she swallowed the last drop. She twisted and pressed herself flush to Sherlock, hands finding Sherlock’s waist as they fell into a kiss that throbbed with the beat of the music.
Alarm shoots through John and he snags back his wallet before Sherlock can open it. “What the hell, Sherlock!”
The shock and fear that jolted through her were expected – the lust was not. Sherlock had picked up on her sudden uptick in passion immediately.
There is some terrible darkness in the back of John’s mind, the thing he’s come to call the wolf, a separate entity from himself that rears its head when John is stressed or anxious or angry. It’s an easy scapegoat, the wolf, but John is starting to think he’s kidding himself with the idea that the connection between the two parts of himself is one way. The darkness did not spring into existence after he became a werewolf – it was always there. It was there when he was never good enough for his father, it was there when his mother took up drinking, it was there when Harry dropped out of college, it was there when he enlisted, and there when he was invalided. At some points in his life it was easy to ignore, a mere shadow, while at other times it was a fucking black hole, seemingly impossible to escape.
They’ve been building up to this for a week now, the date looming in the back of their minds. The last two days have been difficult, with John growing cagey and standoffish and Sherlock becoming uncertain and snappish. The long lead up hasn’t made them feel any more prepared.
With another teasing lick, feeling out Sherlock’s swollen folds with her tongue, she hooked her fingers under the elastic band of Sherlock’s pants and pulled them down to join her trousers. Sherlock strained against the clothing bunched at her ankles, struggling to spread her legs as wide as possible for John, thighs tense on either side of John’s head. Looking up to gage Sherlock’s interest, she found Sherlock gazing at her with eyes heavy with desire, forehead creased with desperation, and biting at a knuckle to keep quiet. The sight made John want to make her cry out, loud enough that everyone in the loo would know what John was doing to her.
“I would be greatly impressed and surprised if you could slip out of these,” he promises, trying to reassure both John and his own quivering stomach.
One of these ‘John-things’ involves making tea the moment they get back to the flat, the both of them flushed from the wind and the walk. John has to keep the coat on, of course, even as they sit and drink their beverages afterwards. When John complains that he’s getting hot, Sherlock herds him into the bedroom and kisses him into a languid heap, and before John realizes what’s happening, he’s completely nude except for the coat, lying against the headboard in confused lust as Sherlock strips as well.
Yes, John would definitely complain more, only this morning he found a jumper, identical to the one that was bloodstained and beyond repair, folded neatly on his chair. Eyebrows raised, he tried it on, finding it to fit perfectly, and a genuine smile split his lips. He
“What the hell took you so long?” Lestrade asks as Sherlock strides up to him. “And whose car is that?”
Her orgasm ripped through her, the moan tearing from her throat, barely muffled by the arm she shoved into her mouth. Laughing in her ear, Sherlock rubbed her through it, fingers fluttering deliciously inside her as she clenched and quivered and swallowed back her cries. Sherlock slid her fingers out and pushed back in, making John choke and drop her forehead against the wall. Tears stung the corners of her eyes as the pleasure swelled and peaked and spluttered, her hips twitching and clit throbbing under Sherlock’s clever fingers.
“John,” Sherlock tries to say, but only manages a croak. He sits and stares. Under the full moon’s light, he takes in the sandy fur, the lax claws, the gaping muzzle. “John.” He reaches out then. His hands are shaking. His fingers comb through the thick fur, feeling the relaxed muscle of the werewolf’s biceps. The skin is nearly hot to the touch. “John.” His voice shakes as badly as his hands. He feels out the immense, unmoving chest, fingertips skirting around the blade, tacky with blood.
“Don’t tell him I said that. Look, from what you just showed me, looks like John’s about to go through an unpleasant night soon, I’d say a little grumpiness is warranted – don’t take it personally.”
Sherlock cured his limp – that seemed like enough to be going on with. It has never occurred to Sherlock that John might need emotional support and guidance as well. If it weren’t for the wolf, he doesn’t know if it
John blows on his tea and takes a sip, humming in approval. “It’s not exactly standard issue,” he admits.
They go coat shopping the next day, John grumbling half-heartedly as Sherlock drags him into various shops. He’d complain more if it weren’t for the genuine enthusiasm in Sherlock’s face as he eases each coat onto John’s shoulders, running his hands down John’s sides to check the fit, appraising John with laser focus as John turns and lifts his arms and completes seemingly random maneuvers at Sherlock’s behest. It’s a bit flattering, really, and more than a little hot to have Sherlock eyeing him up. He has to remind himself they’re in public, and that Sherlock’s lips near his neck and his hands on John’s hips as they consider the most recent candidate in the mirror is not actually foreplay.
The usual apprehension Sherlock feels when they descend the stairs to the cellar is not nearly as strong as usual, this time. John allows Sherlock to undress him efficiently, gooseflesh breaking out as the cool air hits his skin, then kisses him before walking into the cell. They go through the ritual of chains and manacles, weighing John down with restraining steel.
They don’t argue, but their conversations feel stilted. At night, when neither of them can sleep, one of them will reach out to the other and their bodies will press together, imprinting their love and uncertainties into each other through fingertips and lips and tongues. The number of drafts in Sherlock’s email increases.
“We’re going to tell him you’re unwell, your heart condition is acting up. Hence our speedy departure.”
Mrs. Hudson was right – he’s not making any progress on the case the way he is. Not without stimulants stronger than caffeine and nicotine, which, while tempting, he can’t afford to take with the full moon less than twenty-four hours away. He’s not even in any shape to chase after John, who is no doubt making his way to a pub. Or perhaps he’s too upset even for that.
,” John snarls, and hunches over him, planting a hand on the mattress as his flexing abdominals make contact with Sherlock’s arched back, his other hand pulling Sherlock back into each thrust. His teeth graze Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock feels a thrill of excitement that sends him perilously close to the edge.
“The killer’s car,” Sherlock confirms, and they both get out of the rental. Sherlock brings his mobile to his ear as they approach the sedan, frowning as they peer through the dark tinted glass. He hangs up with a huff. “Call won’t go through,” he mutters.
Shaking his head, John does up his trousers. “Not what I meant.” John finishes dressing while Sherlock stands pinned to the spot. “You planning on coming out at some point?”
“I know the timing sucks,” John had said, stuffing socks into the corner of her suitcase, “but it’s not like I can reschedule.”
The coat stinks of plastic and carboard under the scent of new leather, with hints of the various people who touched and tried it on before John did. John doubts Sherlock can smell all that, but he gets his point.
“I do, too.” Sherlock slips his hands up, under John’s jumper, his undershirt the only barrier to John’s skin. “This jumper, however, I have no remorse for.” He keeps expecting John to abandon the tea and turn in his arms, lift his head for a kiss. John just stirs sugar into Sherlock’s tea. When that’s done, he simply stands, looking at the two steaming beverages. Sherlock steps back, giving him space. “You’re upset, why are you upset?”
“Come on,” Sherlock barks, leading the way towards the trees. He’s walking so quickly John has to nearly jog to keep up, the last rays of sunlight now gone from the sky. The night has always been a delight to Sherlock, a haven of mystery and quiet, yet now he dreads it, would give anything for another hour of sunlight. Around them, the trees cast forbidding shadows.
It has always seemed to come so easy to John, the whole ‘dealing with people’ thing. He is polite, friendly, trustworthy,
Relaxing her aching jaw, John flattened her tongue against Sherlock’s clit, shaking her head back and forth rapidly. Sherlock’s hand fell from her mouth to slap against the wall by her hip. John plunged her finger in and out twice then curled it to tap against Sherlock’s sweet spot, again and again. Sherlock shuddered, her hand clenching in John’s hair before releasing, clutching helplessly at John’s shoulder.
“We’ll need to get you a new coat,” he says, watching and feeling John’s movements as he prepares their tea.
With his free hand, Sherlock begins inspecting the edges of the door, running his fingertips along the hinges. “This place is ancient; this door can’t be in perfect condition.”
John smiles up at him, gently squeezing Sherlock’s forearms. “So could you, I reckon. Pass me my jumper, would you? Unless you want me wandering the woods half starkers.”
After his odd behaviour earlier, Sherlock seems back to his usual obsessive, ruthless, consulting detective self. He’s equal parts dazzling and terrifying, and John can do nothing but follow in his turbulent wake, giving his input when he can. Sherlock is gorgeous like this, almost untouchably so, except for the way his eyes seek out John’s when he makes a deduction, and the way his hands seek out John’s body when they stand close.
Sherlock grunts, thinking that illustrates the situation eloquently. He swallows the pills, hoping for some small relief, and takes a sip of coffee, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
Behind him, inside him, John shudders, hands gripping him tightly before releasing. “You’re injured.”
The man bolts and John tears after him instinctually, barking “Move!” as he flies past Sally Donovan and the shocked onlookers. As they run through the streets, John’s vision tunnels until all he can see is his prey. He can hear Sherlock’s steps pounding behind him, but for once he’s the one fighting to keep up with John.
“John!” Sherlock shouts, voice strained, and John releases his grip, letting Amberly collapse to the floor as he steps back and raises his hands.
“I haven’t felt like this since uni,” John croaks, taking the water bottle eagerly and draining it as Sherlock sets to work freeing him of the chains. They held dutifully, despite the wolf’s tireless efforts, leaving marks on John’s skin instead.
Things had been well underway – John nude on the bed and fingering her clit while Sherlock watched, rapt, her shoulder twitching with the movement of her hand between her legs – when John noticed that the door to her room wasn’t latched completely shut.
When the transformation is complete, the werewolf staggers to its feet, shuddering as it settles into its body. Malicious red eyes scan slowly, taking in the cell…the chains…Sherlock.
Shaking her head, Sherlock brought their lips together again, moving her hips in gentle circles that made John’s knees weak. “Want you here,” she mumbled, nipping along John’s jaw. Her fingers wriggled under the fabric of her thong, settling against her coccyx.
They strain against each other for another moment before Sherlock’s muscles give out and he collapses onto the bed, John slipping out of him as he slumps half on top of him. “Goddamn,” he breathes, and Sherlock nods, swallowing with difficulty around his dry throat.
Admitting defeat, he showers and climbs into bed, hoping that John won’t come home utterly plastered.
“Several little ones, if we’re lucky.” With a lopsided smile and a wink, Sherlock threw open the stall door and strode out like royalty, pulling John by the hand. The gaggle of women closest gawked at them, except for the next woman in line, who breathed an exasperated “Finally!” and stumbled into the stall behind them.
Sherlock stands stock still, utterly uncomfortable. He has no idea what he’s meant to say to such a thing. It’s not like he and John blab about their innermost emotions all that often, and the only other times he’s faced with emotional people is when he has a client with a problem he can solve.
The monster watches him, saliva dripping from its maw, snarling and twisting insistently against the chains, hungry for human flesh.
With a curse, John pulls out. “Hands and knees,” he orders into Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock scrambles to obey, throwing his head back as John mounts him and roughly pushes back into him with a hiss.
“Don’t care,” he insists, a whine slipping out of him as John’s thick cock slides out and back it. “Oh, God.”
With the last of his strength, Sherlock shoves it off of him with the hilt of the dagger, pushing the blade deeper into its chest. With a low, wheezing whine, the wolf collapses onto its side.
There’s sweat prickling along John’s back and underarms, so he wrestles with Sherlock until the coat is off and lying beneath them, John on his back and holding Sherlock hard against him. Pupils blown wide and face flushed, Sherlock grips John’s biceps and circles his hips, thrusting into John’s hand encircling the both of them. He’s panting, eyelids half lowered with pleasure, and John feels a satisfied growl in the back of his throat at the sight, his free hand greedily roaming over all the skin he can reach. His palm sweeps up Sherlock’s tensing thigh, over his undulating hip, up his powerful waist and ribs, then grasps his shoulder to pull him down, closer.
It is such a ridiculous story that Sherlock has to bite his tongue against saying something rude. Then he glances at John, who is watching Mr. Wilson with a bemused expression, and decides to do a little experiment at Mr. Wilson’s expense.
Rather than insult John’s praise by arguing, Sherlock kisses him again. “You know,” he says, removing the heavy emotional weight on their shoulders before they can be crushed by it again, “we still have a serial killer to catch.”
Sherlock gasps his name and lowers willingly, curving his spine so John’s hand on their cocks has room to work, eagerly meeting John’s lips with his own. John maneuvers his head as he likes, pressing stinging kisses along Sherlock’s jaw and down his neck, simultaneously speeding the hand on their erections. The twitching of Sherlock’s hips increases, the hint of a moan in each exhale against John’s ear. Eager for more of those delicious sounds, John combs his fingers through Sherlock’s thick, silky curls, careful to graze his nails along his scalp, from his temple to his nape. A shiver wracks Sherlock’s body and his breath hitches. John can do better; he drags his nails from Sherlock’s nape and down his spine, and Sherlock lets out a full-blooded moan, back arching and cock twitching in John’s hand.
They get two hours of sleep before they’re woken by a call from Greg. John is tempted to finish the job on Sherlock’s partially destroyed mobile. It’s a case, of course, and it takes them, drowsy and quickly showered, to the crime scene of a young woman’s body.
“Dead,” Lestrade says flatly. “Father of the second victim saw him driving home by chance, followed him in his car and crashed into him at eighty kilometers an hour – confessed to everything after being taken to hospital.”
His mobile slips from his numb fingers. They both jerk as it clatters to the floor. The monster throws back its head and Sherlock flees the cellar, a splitting howl chasing after him.
The stairs to John’s room creak under his weight, but any efforts at stealth would be useless against John’s werewolf hearing. When he reaches John’s door, he holds both mugs in one hand and knocks. “John?”
Sherlock is expecting those fingers to start working into him, but instead John places his fingertips at Sherlock’s coccyx, then slowly drags them down over his anus, along his perineum, and following the seam of his testicles as far as he can reach, leaving sensitive, tingling skin in his wake. Starbursts of pleasure explode behind his eyelids, his breaths accelerating. John’s hand takes a detour over Sherlock’s hip, then returns to its path up the underside of his twitching cock in a delicious, erotic journey. Reaching their destination, deft fingers delicately massage his foreskin before slipping over and around his slick cockhead, familiar callouses sending shivers of sharp pleasure up Sherlock’s spine. Staring at John’s hand on him, Sherlock is positively gasping, fighting the urge to thrust his hips and dislodge John’s fingers.
Cheeks flushed and eyes dark, Sherlock crowded her up against the wall and bent her head for a kiss. Lightheaded and tipsy, John leaned gratefully against the wall and buried a hand in Sherlock’s thick, sweat-damp curls, licking the taste of rum from Sherlock’s lips. A long thigh nudged between her legs and she gasped, knees straightening automatically as she arched into the pressure. Moaning into her mouth, Sherlock slipped her hand under John’s dress again, fingers grazing the fabric of her thong as she squeezed her bare arse.
Before they can leave, they have to search the forest for their things, John wearing a spare outfit and old trainers he stored at the cabin months ago. The bloody dagger still lies in the grass and when Sherlock hesitates, John picks it up, looking at the blood with interest.
John snorts. Sherlock only tacked on that second point to sound pretty. Regardless, John can see that Sherlock’s mind is made up. The only thing John can do is stop him from getting himself killed. “I’m coming with you.”
It takes all of Sherlock’s not inconsiderable control not to scream at him. At any rate, he doesn’t have time to respond before John’s hand is reaching for his waist.
“We’re not on a case, are we?” John took another sip, mirrored by Sherlock. “You’d never have two drinks if we were.”
“Observer effect,” Sherlock murmurs into John’s hair, glad that the place is nearly empty in the middle of a weekday.
Sherlock immediately pulls out his own battered mobile and begins texting, but he stays pressed against John’s side.
Above her: a barely-audible moan. Sherlock’s nails grazing her scalp. John’s lips twitched with a smile, knowing Sherlock could feel it, knowing how much Sherlock loved her mouth. She caressed and massaged and teased every petal of sensitive flesh until her chin was soaked with Sherlock’s slick, then focused her attention on the flushed, eager bud of her clit peaking out of its hood. Nose buried in Sherlock’s pubic hair, brain lighting up with the scent of her skin and clean sweat, she flicked the trembling tip of her tongue over Sherlock’s clit.
With her entire perspective of their night shifting, John felt her own smile grow and her heartrate quicken with excitement. “So, why are we here then?”
Bending to pick up his abandoned phone, Sherlock turns the abused device in his hands. “Obviously.”  There’s a crack on the screen, of course. At least it still turns on.
John forgot that they were in a toilet stall, forgot the crowd of people not three feet away, forgot the unpleasant stickiness under her shoes. Heart in her throat, she twisted to press against her ridiculous, gorgeous, genius of a girlfriend, clasping her face in both hands for a passionate, heart-felt kiss.
Sherlock struggles to sleep that night, his arm stinging whenever he moves. He manages to doze off with dawn a couple hours away and sleeps in most of the morning. When he wakes, John is gone, his side of the bed cold. He shuffles into the kitchen in his pajamas feeling like death, his head stuffy and his arm aching, and collapses into the chair across from John. John lowers his newspaper and gets Sherlock a cup of coffee and two ibuprofen, pressing a kiss to his curls.
,” John gasped, head thumping against the wall. The loo was loud with the chatter and laughter of drunk women, the music pounding through the walls, toilets flushing and sinks running. It was the least romantic place John could think of, the scent of urine and alcohol and perfume permeating the air, but she felt herself throb at the feel of Sherlock’s fingers inching towards her centre. There were small gaps between the stall door and the wall, through which she could see women moving about. “God, I want you. Let’s go home.”
“Anyway,” John says with a sniff. “My father’s dead and I’m not in the army, so, like I said, you might as well keep it.” He brushes past Sherlock and down the stairs.
It’s evening when Sherlock has a breakthrough. John can hear his gasp of epiphany and the sudden cessation of five-hundred-quid shoes slapping the floor. Seconds later Sherlock is bounding up the stairs.
“I was only gone eight minutes,” Sherlock countered, retrieving her own unfinished first drink. She ducked down to give John a kiss and by the time she pulled away the man was gone.
Sherlock spends the next few days gathering data; the more he knows, the better he can help John. However, now that Sherlock has taken up this project, John seems to return to his usual self. One lazy Sunday John wakes him with kisses along his shoulder and down his back, which leads to a session of slow sex that leaves Sherlock in a blissed-out daze all morning. They go on cases, John works a few shifts per week, they make dinner together when they get sick of takeout, they watch the occasional film while John runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, John blogs about their cases while Sherlock does experiments… It’s utterly domestic and perfect and yet Sherlock could swear there is something John is holding back, some shield he has put up between them.
Turning on the spot, Sherlock watches John dress through the cell bars. “It’s my fault you’re like this.”
“Like what?” Sherlock kneels to unlock the manacles around John’s ankles, frowning at the purple, swollen skin.
With a shout, John bows his head, shoulders curled in agony. Jolting to his feet, Sherlock takes a step back. He can’t see the key on the ground, doesn’t have time to search for it. When John looks up again, his mouth has far too many teeth. When he speaks, his voice is barely human.
“It didn’t need saving!” John explodes. “I can move faster than you – I could have dodged out of the way. A bullet wouldn’t even have hurt me long-term! Instead you decided to be the hero and could have gotten yourself killed!”
Sherlock takes the time to unlock and pull open the mangled door. They’re leaving bloody footprints on the floor.
“So close,” he grinds out, forehead on his arms and eyes squeezed shut, his hips twitching unconsciously as his muscles clench and his cock throbs hard. “Oh God, touch me, John, touch me.”
Sherlock tackles him to the ground. John is stronger, but Sherlock has surprise on his side. He has John pinned for a brief moment before he is roughly flipped onto his back. John grabs for his wrists and Sherlock fights back instinctively, adrenaline spiking as John’s body forces him into the dirt. He can’t allow John to get a hand free.
With a shrug, John turns away again. “You’ve been great at supporting me lately, helping me find a therapist…I just think you could use someone to talk to, too.”
Sherlock raises his head in interest, looking at John’s back as he spreads jam on toast. “What kind of experiment?”
“I need to test a theory.” Sherlock had taken her shirt and bent down for a kiss. By the time she pulled away John could feel her pulse pounding in her neck.
John is leaning against the countertop and Sherlock steps up behind him, feeling the heat of him soak into his skin. John doesn’t jump in surprise, only presses back against him, and Sherlock relaxes, lets his cheek rest against the top of John’s head, breathing in his scent. John smells like himself, but
Sherlock gasped her name and combed her fingers through John’s hair, her pelvis twitching closer to John’s mouth. Someone could probably see John kneeling on the floor through the gap under the stall door. It made her squirm with indecent pleasure.
“It is so weird that this was in my chest last night,” he mutters. He jogs back to the cottage to rinse off the blood then returns it to Sherlock. “I’d say this is rightfully yours now. It’ll make me feel better knowing you have it.”
A shiver wracks John’s body and he gasps against Sherlock’s lips. They haven’t had sex in days and John is quickly forgetting his protests. “Uh, sweat is pretty unquestionable.”
“Call in sick,” Sherlock retorts, grabbing John’s new coat from its hook. “Bit ironic, but I suppose you can write your own sick note.”
that jumper and had been sad to see it ruined. He looked up to find Sherlock leaning in their bedroom doorway, watching him with a disarmingly fond expression.
John frowns and looks down at the cuff. He releases his grip. “The wolf doesn’t want anything but death.”
, that feels good,” Sherlock encourages, wanting more, wanting all of him. He grips himself loosely, stroking occasionally to enhance the sensation of John sweetly splitting him open.
“I wouldn’t object.” Sherlock grabs the jumper without looking and stuffs it over John’s head, smirking at the resulting squawk. “But any unsuspecting hikers might get the wrong idea.”
Perhaps Sherlock is not to blame for what has happened to John, but he can’t absolve himself of all responsibility. If only he hadn’t brought John on the case. If only he had looked more into Henry’s father’s past. If only he had caught Frankland sooner. If only he had been a better shot when the werewolf was tearing John to pieces. The ‘ifs’ circle his brain like the sun around the earth – or was it the earth around the sun? – a relentless procession of useless alternate scenarios. If only John had died from his wounds, he wouldn’t be suffering this now. Maybe John would have preferred that.
“Suspected serial killer,” Sherlock says with relish, grabbing his coat. It’s early summer, but evening is encroaching and nights are still cool.
They’ve been practicing and doing some light sparring for about fifteen minutes when there’s a knock on the door. It opens to reveal a large, muscular man, mid-thirties, a good half-head taller than Sherlock, with a broad smile and the eyes of a man beyond his years. He steps into the room and Sherlock takes in the lower leg prosthetic, a hundred connections snapping into place in his head.
“What of the killer?” he demands, ducking under a dangling tree branch and holding it aside for John.
“Through a mutual acquaintance,” John says, a smile tugging at his lips in response to Jared’s infectious laughter. Such aggressive positivity would be grating were it not for the man's genuine aura of warmth.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “Mr. Amberley didn’t strike me as very distraught that his wife has left him. He was lying when he said he wanted to make sure she’s okay.” He considers his coat, but leaves it. It’s a beautiful day with summer just around the corner.
.” She’d come instantly, dramatically, back arching and hips twitching as she pushed her finger in deep and rubbed hard at her throbbing clit, imagining the door opening for anyone in the hall to see what she was doing. She’d nearly knocked the laptop off the bed and saved it just in time to see Sherlock’s own orgasm, her head tilting back and mouth dropping open as her chest heaved and her arm jerked with her desperate movements.
“I’ll try texting him,” Sherlock says, turning, hunched over his mobile, and striding towards the building. “Come on, if he’s got her in there, there’s no time to waste.”
The air is crushed from his lungs as Sherlock hits the ground hard, the massive weight of the beast landing half on top of him. There is hot, humid breath on Sherlock’s ear. The wolf shifts and Sherlock’s heart stops.
“I’ve come to realize, that if I refuse to accept the wolf, I will lose you altogether. I think…part of the reason I’ve been afraid, is that I believed the reason you were so angry was because of me – that you were angry with me.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, lips twitching. He reaches over to rest a hand on John’s knee, and smiles when John uncrosses his arms to link their fingers together. The hand-holding is new, but it’s growing on Sherlock. He can read John through his hands almost as well as through his facial expressions. “As much as I hate the tedious small talk that couples tend to engage in after work – the whole ‘how was your day’ nonsense – perhaps, when you’re feeling like this, you could rant to me to air your frustrations. I will likely tune you out, but the effect should still be cathartic. Or if you’re not in a particularly talkative mood, a boxing match could always be arranged. Or sex.”
“Stop,” Sherlock rasps, disgusted with himself. He forces himself forward, grabbing John’s arm and unlocking the metal cuff. The surface is scratched and gouged from sharp teeth. “Shut up.”
“Mr. Amberley,” Sherlock interrupts, voice clipped with some emotion John suspects is excitement. John feels his heart rate pick up in sympathy. “Would you be so good as to make some tea for John? He’s quite sensitive to scents and I believe the fumes are bothering him.”
Sherlock steps back into the room five minutes later, stopping Amberley mid-word. His eyes are fierce and incredibly blue. “Where is this display room you keep mentioning?”
“Gets the blood pumping, makes you sweat a bit, lets you soak in the London air.” Sherlock shoots him a look. “I have a list of John-things you can do to expedite the process.”
John broke away from the kiss to graze her lips along Sherlock’s jaw, realizing the case must not be all that important if Sherlock was letting John slip her hands under her suit jacket. With a sigh, John kissed down the long, smooth throat in front of her, greedily feeling out the curves of Sherlock’s hot skin through her satiny shirt. Her thumbs smoothed over the bones of her ribs as she tasted a prominent collarbone, Sherlock’s hands gliding up and down her hips and bum.
He stumbles to the bed at dawn, suffering through the tingling of blood returning to his legs and the sounds of the monster being reluctantly forced under its human guise. His feet are still stinging when John calls out.
“Conference, remember?” she’d prompted, and Sherlock’s face had shifted from confused shock to confused outrage.
“You know, it’s probably unhealthy to project your emotions onto your bed,” John grumbles, but acquiesces nonetheless. They strip, Sherlock tucking his silver knife in his pants drawer, and they tumble into bed. John smacks a wet kiss on Sherlock’s cheek and dodges his swatting hands. “Goodnight,” he mumbles against Sherlock’s nape. “Or good morning, I guess.”
The strongroom is about nine square metres and mostly empty, only a few paintings and boxes leaning against the walls. It was recently cleaned, going by the stench of bleach, and John is forced to step out into the office, eyes watering.
They visit the training centre a few days before the next full moon. Sherlock needs the practice and John needs to let off some steam. Sherlock made the mistake earlier of telling John to quit his job so that he could assist with cases full-time, and received an earful about how Sherlock ‘takes John for granted’ and ‘treats John like a pet’ for his trouble. The moment when John decides to willfully misunderstand him is the moment they both ought to get out of the flat.
John peeked over and froze, coming eye-to-eye with a woman, jaw slack and eyebrows high in shock, obviously having deduced what they were doing. The eye contact lasted less than a second and the woman was gone. John felt all her blood rush to her face, still grinding subtly against Sherlock’s hands in her pants.
True to his word, Sherlock is careful to keep the edges of John’s coat spread and out of the way as they smear their combined excretions into their bellies. Their kisses grow heated as John shifts to better accommodate Sherlock between his legs and begins to massage Sherlock’s bum and thighs with intent. Sherlock breaks away with a sharp inhale when John’s searching fingers make their way along the expanse of sensitive skin from Sherlock’s anus to his balls.
John stands abruptly. “I’d better go get some shopping done,” he announces, grabbing his shredded coat and pulling it on over his torn and bloody jumper. “We’ve got nothing in.”
Sherlock slams into John just as the weapon fires, the weight of him sending them both sprawling as the tang of blood bursts through the air. The wolf perks up at the scent and fury makes John’s teeth ache. He doesn’t even pause to check Sherlock, launching himself at Amberley with a snarl. The splintering of the front door and shouting of ‘Police!’ break out as John roughly disarms Amberley and pins him to the wall by the throat. The killer’s eyes bug out in alarm, face going red as his oxygen is cut off, nails clawing at John’s hand and face. Teeth bared, John snarls in his face and lifts the man off the floor.
Bumping their shoulders together affectionately, John stands, pulling Sherlock up with him. “Come on, genius, you’ve successfully tamed the beast for one day. Let’s go home.”
She’d felt some insecurity when she’d put the dress on earlier, all clinging black fabric and expensive tailoring. It wasn’t the type of thing she would normally wear. Now, with Sherlock gripping her hips and pulling her closer, she forgot to worry about the muscle tone she had lost since being invalided, her slightly stocky build, the shoulder scarring barely hidden by the dress’s strap. It was a significant boost to the ego, being desired by someone as beautiful and intelligent as Sherlock Holmes. She felt like the sexiest woman in the room.
“Come on,” John says airily and makes his way out of the flat, relying on Sherlock’s curiosity to get him to follow. Sure enough, Sherlock’s footsteps are thumping up to meet him a moment later, the both of them emerging onto the pavement.
“You don’t need to make excuses, Greg,” John teases, trying to shake off the nerves. “We missed you, too.”
Alarmed, John pushes off the table. There’s something he doesn’t like in Sherlock’s expression. Sherlock’s eyes dart to him before jerking back to Mrs. Hudson. When he opens his mouth, his voice flows like honey and slices like a knife.
John nods, squeezing his eyes shut. Sherlock exits the cell and locks the door before settling on the settee to watch and wait. He still hates this part, hates that John has to go through torture every full moon, but this time, he brought his violin.
So, John would complain more, except he’s feeling a bit soppy still, and Sherlock’s eyes light up as the next coat falls into place. Even John can feel the difference, the way the material hugs his frame, the comfortable weight of quality leather on his shoulders. It’s fitting without being restricting, and somehow makes his legs look longer and his eyes bluer. He feels himself straighten his spine automatically.
of the air being crushed out of the man’s lungs. They hit the ground hard and John feels a sharp slice of pain along his upper arm. His quarry twitches under him and he has the sudden urge to sink his teeth into the man’s neck, bite down, and tear.
Sherlock does not stay to watch the transformation this time. He can’t. His heart is thundering and his hands shake with fear – fear! He’s afraid of John and it’s the most cowardly, despicable – he sits at the top of the stairs and presses his pathetic, shivering hands to his ears to block out John’s hatefully familiar screams.
Their client doesn’t fidget in his chair, nor does he seem in any particular rush. He’s frustrated, not worried, and that in itself is enough to intrigue Sherlock. Once John is seated with a pen and notebook, Sherlock beckons Mr. Wilson to state his problem.
“Every day is exciting with you, you beautiful dolt,” John promised, watching Sherlock’s cheeks heat in pleasure. “But I suppose now you’ve proven your little theory about me.”
“Oh, save it. You’ve recently moved into a new building, don’t bother asking how I know, I just do. It’s horrid isn’t it, was standing empty for ages, likely because of the mould problem. You move in, and what used to be an abandoned flat is now occupied twenty-four-seven by an ineffective writer. I imagine someone wanted you out so they could continue the business they had been conducting.”
“It’s for science,” John teases and picks up a scalpel. “Look.” He makes a small cut in his right forearm, just deep enough to bleed and with barely a sting of pain. As they watch, the skin knits itself back together, the wound completely closed in seconds.
It costs more than John is normally comfortable with spending on himself, but there’s really no saying no to Sherlock when he’s being insistent. He feels a bit spoiled really, but it helps that they’ve recently created a joint account to share their funds, so it’s not like Sherlock is using only his money.
“What a shock they’d get, finding you fucking yourself for me, completely bare and open for anyone to see –”
“I don’t need you to solve a case,” Sherlock said slowly, gaging John’s reaction with darting glances, “but it’s not the same without you. The Work, it’s…better with you, and I don’t ever want to go back to how it was before, without you. I want –”
Wordlessly, Sherlock shows him the screen, and the text to Lestrade with a little ‘message not sent’ bubble beneath.
Shoving the pill in his pocket, he replaces the case, trades a handful of cash for the paper bag, and slams the door shut. He takes the stairs to the flat two at a time, dumping the food on the table before setting up his chemistry set. He grinds the pill into a fine powder and is finished his experiment before the food has gone cold, his suspicions confirmed.
“And what happened precisely four and a half weeks ago?” John prompts again, a tinge of amusement to his voice.
On the bedside table, Sherlock’s phone vibrates. He snatches it immediately, eyes widening as he reads Lestrade’s text. A slow smile stretches his lips, his glitching brain rebooting itself. This is exactly what he needs. Response text sent, he’s up and redressed, in clothes that don’t smell of smoke, in seconds, striding out of the bedroom.
Sherlock flinches violently and scrambles out of bed, heading for the loo. He’s shaking with the last of the dream’s adrenaline as he splashes water on his face, wishing desperately for a cigarette. He decides to have a quick shower and curses himself mentally as he washes brusquely, hoping John is too tired to put much stock in his reaction.
They skid into another narrow side street and the prey stumbles. An extra bolt of speed shoots through John’s muscles and the man whirls, his hand in his pocket.
They had to fight their way back out of the mob of thirsty clubbers to get away from the bar, holding their full drinks aloft to avoid spilling. There were no open tables, so they leaned against the wood railing bordering the dance floor to sip their drinks, arms brushing.
Slowly, Sherlock follows John up the stairs into the bright cottage, sunlight streaming through the windows. “I’m sorry,” he tries. “For losing track of time.”
With a loud groan, John’s pelvis jerks to press flush to Sherlock’s bum, his hand gripping Sherlock’s hip with bruising force. He begins a subtle thrusting motion, just barely moving enough for Sherlock to feel him deep inside, Sherlock’s muscles rippling around him. Impatient, Sherlock sways his hips, taking control of the speed and depth, fucking himself on John’s thick cock.
“I didn’t use the silver knife,” Sherlock murmurs, listening to the beat of the resilient muscle in John’s chest. “I used your army knife, the dagger you gave me. When the wolf lunged at me, I used its momentum to drive the blade in. It – it killed you, you were dead.” To his annoyance, his voice catches and he’s forced to stop, exhaling shakily. “I removed the blade at sunrise, to let the wolf heal itself, but you changed back and you still didn’t have a pulse…”
Sherlock picks up the silver knife. “Let me know if it’s too painful.” His cool fingers steady John’s arm as he presses the flat of the blade against John’s skin.
“I…” John’s hands have somehow found their way to Sherlock’s buttocks without his brain’s permission. “I mean…”
The day after the full moon John can’t go into work because feels like utter shit. Not physically – physically he feels better than fine – but his brain feels like it’s waging a war against itself, twisting and snapping and drowning in sludge all at once. He hasn’t felt this odd combination of confused apathy and angry self-hatred since his discharge from the army, and it gets worse every time Sherlock flinches away from him. Since unlocking him from the cell, Sherlock has been skittish and over-solicitous, insisting on making John tea, but tensing when John strokes his fingers in thanks, letting John read the newspaper first, but unwilling to sit with him on the couch… When Sherlock swerves out of his way in the kitchen when John goes to wash his dirty mug, the trapped, drowning, angry thing in his head snaps its jaws and John nearly breaks the mug when he drops it in the sink.
Blinking hard, John shoves the growling wolf into the back of his head and the man into the ground, knocking the bloody knife from his hand. He reeks of the girl’s blood and his fingernails are stained rusty. He lets out a pained whimper.
There’s the sound of quiet footsteps outside and John springs up in alarm. He rushes for the door at the same moment it slams shut, clanging as the lock mechanism falls into place. “No!” he shouts into the sudden darkness, voice echoing against the metal walls. John slams his palms against the door, listening to the sound of retreating footsteps as the killer runs from the building. “Goddammit!”
Groaning in encouragement, John flicked her tongue fast, up and down, battering Sherlock’s clit relentlessly. She dug her nails into Sherlock’s arse, pressed hard against that spot inside her. Sherlock’s vaginal muscles clamped and released, then clamped again.
Those words are so dear John wants to cry, but settles for a bitter laugh. He has managed to deceive the great Sherlock Holmes. “You’ve said you can practically read my mind, but if you really know the thoughts I have… Hell, maybe you do, and that’s why you’re so scared of me.”
This is John. This is a part of him they’ve both tried to ignore, but it’s time to stop running. It’s time to face the beast head-on.
He continues the compressions, wishing he could reach into John’s chest and squeeze his heart himself, will it to beat. He wishes desperately that he hadn’t dropped his coat with his mobile in the pocket.
With a grimace, Sherlock looks away. How long will Lestrade need? Surely, with the proof on Sherlock’s mobile, it can’t take that much time for even an average mind like Lestrade’s to process and comprehend the new information.
By the time they finish up forty-five minutes later, Sherlock is sweaty, covered in bruises, and with a sense of progress, if not accomplishment. He’s been dumped onto the mat a dozen times, but he is now somewhat confident in his ability to escape from the strangle hold that John demonstrated.
They enter the building through the previously kicked-open side service door, John in front of Sherlock with his gun drawn. The place reeks of disinfectant and death, rusty bars with hooks running the length of the ceiling.
“Oh, John.” Even tinny through the speakers Sherlock’s voice was thick and sweet as honey, skin flushed down her neck and to her chest as she watched John getting off. “Tell me how close you are.”
The thought must have shown on her face, because Sherlock’s eyes widened and she shivered, hips thrusting minutely under John’s hands. Eager, begging with her body. Licking her lips, John closed her eyes and bent to her task with single-minded focus, spreading Sherlock open with her tongue. The taste of her exploded through John’s mouth, making her salivate and swallow hard with want. Fingers clenching on Sherlock’s skin, John dragged her tongue from cunt to clit, smearing her wetness, adding to it with broad laps over her blood-hot folds.
Sherlock steps into the cell, but John continues to lean against the wall, his body language uninviting. “Lestrade texted, there was a case –”
Once his laughter has petered out, Jared wipes tears from his eyes. “So, what have you been up to since you got back to London?”
He’s right. Even as they’re standing there the bruises appear less severe than when Sherlock first saw him. It’s unsettling nonetheless – just because John heals quickly doesn’t mean he should have to suffer through unnecessary pain. Sherlock strokes a thumb over the plum-coloured skin, then takes the empty water bottle from John’s hand to throw in the rubbish bin and turns away. “Still.”
She was too old to be dancing like this – she wasn’t a 20-year-old university student anymore for chrissakes – but with the crush of bodies surrounding them, it didn’t seem to matter. All John could see were the flashing lights and Sherlock’s face, her neck, her body, electric, erotic, pulling her closer. The beer buzzed pleasantly through her bloodstream.
As they refresh themselves at a water fountain, John mentions a weapons training room he read about online and Jared’s eyes light up.
“Another drink?” Sherlock asked and John looked down in surprise to realize she had almost finished her beer. She took a last swallow and put her empty glass beside Sherlock’s half full one.
Swallowing hard, Sherlock backs off. John can feel Sherlock’s eyes on him as he kicks and rams into the door again and again, grunting and swearing and sweating. The hinges creak and the lock groans, but the door stays solidly shut. He’s starting to form a dent on the inside surface. He should be getting tired, but as the full moon gets closer, he finds himself increasingly energized, nearly manic. He can’t stop, can’t give up, or his frenzied nerves may turn him on Sherlock instead. There’s a red haze over his vision, desperation in the back of his throat, and he has no idea how long it takes for Sherlock’s shouting to reach his ears.
Flushed and breathless, John pressed against the thigh between her legs as the memory rushed to the front of her mind.
For a second, Sherlock stops breathing, muscles snapping taught as every cell in his body goes ablaze. Like a dying star, pleasure explodes and consumes him from the inside out, a sob ripping from his throat as he jerks in John’s arms with the force of his orgasm. His seed spatters the sheets and his own chest, his cock twitching in John’s grip and muscles clenching relentlessly around John inside him. It’s a near unbearable ecstasy, his mind lighting up as his body comes undone, and then he sucks in a breath that brings the fading pleasure back to its peak. John groans his name when Sherlock shudders again, hips snapping roughly as he comes, body tense and hard against Sherlock’s. The feel of his partner’s orgasm, around and in him, is enough to pull a whimper out of Sherlock, aftershocks vibrating sweetly through his body. “Oh,
For a moment, John considers disobeying. He can snap Amberley’s neck in a second and a regular bullet won’t kill him.
Sherlock moaned, voice half breath. The hand in her hair clenched. The muscles around John’s finger clenched harder.
Sherlock keeps his eyes forward, frame stiff. “Ah, so Greg is my colleague and your friend, whom you are ashamed to tell about us. Sounds a bit cowardly.”
John laughs and Sherlock locks all thoughts of the wolf in the dungeon of his mind palace. They’re fine, of course they are.
“Of bloody course,” John exclaims. “And you don’t have any signal in here?” He checks his own mobile. “Me neither.”
“I almost lost you last night,” Sherlock says quietly, using the intimacy of the moment to force the words out. He’s had all night to think. “It’s the second time I’ve almost lost you to the wolf.”
This is why he avoids sentiment! This is why he was reluctant to enter into this relationship with John in the first place – there’s a case and he can hardly think. His stomach hurts, his chest is tight. He should eat something but he has no appetite.
“It’s been a while,” John agrees and looks to Sherlock, prompting Jared to turn his incessant smile on him. “Jared, this is my partner, Sherlock. Sherlock, meet Jared, a –”
Grabbing his shoulders, John pulls Sherlock into the centre of the room where they stand facing each other. Crossing his arms, Sherlock meets his gaze, eyebrow raised. ‘What’s the plan?’ that eyebrow seems to say.
The first time it happens, Sherlock doesn’t even realize it right away. The case is solved, the kidnapper in police custody, the kidnapped child returned safely to his family. Everything ought to be perfect, and yet Sherlock can’t quite settle into that post-case bliss, when everything is dazzlingly clear and the world makes sense.
Shaking him off, Sherlock bursts into a rapid-fire explanation, barely pausing for breath as he lists his observations. “He knows how to use a rifle. Only half the strongroom was cleaned and the rest of the items recently moved. He has chemical burns on his fingers from the bleach, his wife didn’t clean it. These three walls have been completed for weeks while this one,” Sherlock points at the wall with the hammer, “was redone in the last two days, and poorly at that. His tickets for the orchestra were never used. Those paint cans are sitting directly on the wood floor – the protective tarp is missing. What conclusion might we come to, hm?”
“Take this, it’s hot,” Sherlock complains, holding out John’s mug, and they make a trade, the tea for the dagger.
“Oxymoron,” Sherlock grumbles, and takes a sip, which turns into several pulls as he realizes how parched he is. He passes the rest of the water to John to finish and lets his eyes drift closed. “I wasn’t sure it would work.”
Falling silent, Sherlock submits to John’s care without further protest, removing his shirt and biting his lip at the sting of antiseptic.
“I did!” John explodes, stepping back from Sherlock’s aggressive pose rather than shoving him. “Why should I tell you not to be a prat just to make myself feel morally superior? It’s not like I’m any better – I know I can be a right prick, and becoming a werewolf, having all that internal anger and insecurity and cruelty shoved in my face by the wolf…” He’s panting, the dark shadow in the back of his head snarling, smothering his thoughts. “It’s made me realize that I’m not the good guy I’ve always thought of myself as.”
“I know you were bored at that conference,” Sherlock said breathlessly, eyes wide and blue and smudged with mascara. “Wanted to re-introduce some excitement into your life. Give you a proper welcome home.”
Sherlock crawls onto the bed and tugs on John’s stiff shoulder, pulling him down to lie against Sherlock’s chest. “Don’t be an idiot.”
“I hate repeating myself,” Sherlock says bitingly. “Only an idiot would fall for such an obvious ruse.”
The humanoid wolf watches him, saliva dripping from its gaping maw, a shadowy nightmare that blocks out the moonlight. There are no signs of recognition in its snarling face. It bends its knees in preparation to strike.
Sherlock manages an amused hum and stands, then presses a kiss to John’s mangled shoulder, feeling the uneven skin with his lips. John stiffens and Sherlock pulls away quickly, searching John’s eyes for traces of the wolf.
For all of humans’ evolutionary advantages, Sherlock has never felt more like prey, frozen under the glow of those unfeeling eyes. The timer is still running in his hand, forgotten, and his heart has stopped in his chest. It feels like a century, yet can’t have been more than seconds or surely he’d be dead of fright.
“Oh, get out. I’ll solve your case.” The red-head opens his mouth, but Sherlock interrupts him. “Not another word. Text me your address and the job posting and leave.”
“You’re lucky you’re so much more resilient now,” Sherlock grumbles, annoyed at being kicked off the case and with John for putting himself in danger again. “I swear you’ve gotten more careless, too.”
Sherlock ruffles an impatient hand through his hair, eyes red with lack of sleep. “You used to always correct me when I blundered socially. You would…ease the way, so to speak. Why have you stopped? Until I insulted Mrs. Hudson that is.”
John stands and opens the door for the man with a sympathetic smile. “Try not to worry. We’ll be there soon.” Once he’s gone, John turns to Sherlock with a questioning frown. “Doesn’t seem like a complex case – the wife ran off with her lover. Why’d you take it?”
“I don’t trust him not to bungle it. I’m also not one hundred percent sure I’m correct and don’t want to waste police time.”
John makes several cuts of varying lengths and depths, grimacing a bit at the last one. The deeper the wound, the more time it takes to heal, but the location does not seem to matter. “Let’s try the silver now.”
“You don’t have children?” John asks, trailing along behind Sherlock as Amberley gives them a tour of the living room.
“Fingerprints,” she muttered, then gasped as Sherlock pressed up behind her, pressing her lips to the side of her neck.
Sherlock stares at him, brow furrowed in confusion – a rare sight, that. “You’re the best man I’ve ever known,” he states, like it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
“It’s not good for your health, you know,” she insists. She reaches out and lays a hand on his arm. “You really must stop.”
They go coat shopping the next day, John grumbling half-heartedly as Sherlock drags him into various shops. He’d complain more if it weren’t for the genuine enthusiasm in Sherlock’s face as he eases each coat onto John’s shoulders, appraising John with laser focus as John turns and lifts his arms and completes seemingly random maneuvers at Sherlock’s behest. He has to remind himself they’re in public, and that Sherlock’s lips near his neck and his hands on John’s hips as they consider the most recent candidate in the mirror is not actually foreplay.
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock hisses, losing his concentration as he adjusts and relaxes, inviting John into him. The angle’s a bit awkward, so Sherlock inches closer, hitching his leg onto John’s hip and bumping their erections together. The finger sinks deeper and Sherlock moans, pressing his lips to John’s forehead. A second and then a third finger gradually join the first, their thrusting, circling, and spreading driving Sherlock mad. He has John pulled tight against him, writhing as John fingers him and gasps encouragements, eyes dark and skin flushed with arousal. There’s a particularly exquisite twist inside him and Sherlock grips John’s upper arm, aching for more. “Oh God, now, John,”
“Good thing you know how to stab someone in the heart now.” He says it lightly, but Sherlock still blanches and pulls away. John grips his hand. “I would die for you, Sherlock. Even if it’s by your hand. Do whatever it takes to protect yourself.”
The beast tires of chasing him just as the safehouse comes into view. The low warning snarl nearly drops Sherlock’s legs from under him. He throws himself to the side just as it leaps at him, then twists to face glinting fangs and calculating, glowing eyes, too close for comfort.
Normally John would draw this part out, peppering kisses up and down Sherlock’s thighs, licking along the crease of her groin, and teasing through her knickers until Sherlock was whimpering and begging for more. She didn’t have the patience for that now. They were both worked up from dancing and Sherlock was already wet through her pants – John could taste her through the cotton as she licked a line up Sherlock’s centre.
It’s heavenly and Sherlock reaches between them to return the favour, feeling out the enticing weight of John’s arousal with his hand. “As incredible as this feels,” Sherlock pants, “I’d appreciate you returning to your earlier efforts.”
Gently removing her finger, her hand soaked, John stumbled to her feet, blood rushing from her head and alcohol to it. Sherlock caught her as she swayed, realizing her knees hurt quite badly, and kissed her, which did nothing to help her recover her balance. Leaning away briefly, Sherlock pulled up her trousers haphazardly. She twisted John and pushed until her hands slapped against cool metal, the world at last righting itself as she leaned against the stall wall, Sherlock’s slick smearing under her hand.
Sherlock removed her hands from John’s bits and snorted into her neck in amusement, gripping her wetly by the hips. Laughter bursting out of her, John collapsed against the wall and Sherlock collapsed against her, both of them shuddering with mirth. Sherlock snickered into her hair while John hiccupped into her own arm, squirming as Sherlock attempted to put her soaked knickers to rights.
A week later, Sherlock is in a bored sulk from a lack of cases when John decides a distraction is in order. He slips on his well broken-in coat and chucks Sherlock’s to land on the man’s face, where he is lying despondently on the couch.
The place was dark and modern looking, the sleek black and chrome décor juxtaposing attractively with the old building. Letting go of John’s hand, Sherlock led the way to the bar, using her long, bony limbs to her advantage as she slithered through the crowd. John pressed close to her back so they wouldn’t be separated, wondering why they weren’t immediately staking out the place.
“You’re right, but I still can’t recommend you break his arm. At least not with Lestrade on his way – late as usual!” he calls as Greg jogs up to meet them, gasping.
“Better get this to forensics,” Greg says, waving the knife as he heads back the way they came. He gives a light thump to John’s back as he passes. “We’re due for drinks, eh, John? And get that arm checked.”
“Oh, God, John,” Sherlock chokes. He’s breathing as hard as John is, his ribs on fire. Then John looks up at him, blue eyes bleary, and croaks his name in amazement, and Sherlock is sobbing. He’s laughing and crying at once, doesn’t even try to restrain it, just pulls John up and crushes him to his chest. John shuffles into a more comfortable position and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s back, letting Sherlock rock them both as he gasps and gets mucus and tears in John’s hair.
John nods, twists his arm to check the damage. The cut felt deep initially, but is already nearly closed. “Just a scratch, doesn’t even need stitches.”
“Other than me. You should have someone to rant at when I annoy you. Someone to give you a second opinion.”
John had left for the airport later that afternoon, Sherlock lifting her head for an absentminded kiss from where she was slumped in her chair, thinking. When John arrived at her hotel hours later, she got a chain of texts from Sherlock reading:
“Perhaps,” Sherlock sighs, “I should reach out to Mycroft. Unfortunately, in this area, he has contacts we need. Besides, he’s been leaving me voicemails. If I don’t call him soon, he’ll just show up at the flat uninvited again.”
“I’m sorry my first instinct isn’t to just stand by and let you get shot!” Sherlock shouts back, holding his arm stiffly.
Stunned, John steps back and watches as Sherlock attacks the wall with the hammer, gouging the plaster and widening the hole with the claw. It makes a terrible racket and John can hear the crash of china elsewhere in the house. Tearing at the wall viciously, Sherlock creates a gaping hole, through which the plastic-wrapped, bloody face of the deceased Mrs. Amberley appears. A hint of death trickles into John’s nostrils.
Immediately, Sherlock abandons his experiment – it’s not time sensitive, while John is – and stands, walking to the desk to grab his wallet and keys. “Good, you’re home,” he greets his fuming werewolf. “Let’s go for a walk.”
He doesn’t sleep. He can’t afford to miss the sunrise. Besides, his entire body aches and stings. After an hour, the lacerations in his ribs stop bleeding, though his entire shirt feels tacky. As the night progresses, the body under his arm gradually cools.
“Cause of death’s fairly obvious,” he mutters, breathing shallowly. “She hit her head when she fell, likely knocked herself unconscious. Doubt she woke again before the blood loss took her.”
John smothers his body with his own and Sherlock presses his face to John’s scarred shoulder, trying to silence the hitching breaths leaking out through his clenched teeth. Strong arms wrap around him, John’s lips pressing into his hair with his heart beating against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s strong back, squeezing hard enough to feel John’s bones against his.
“One of our best, I’d say,” Sherlock pants and turns his head to peek at John, whose eyelids are low and lips soft with bliss. He looks gorgeous in the morning light, sunlight turning his hair and skin gold, his eyes shining vibrant hazel and blue. His pupils are wide because John is attracted to him and they’ve just had phenomenal sex.
“Alright, boys!” Lestrade yells as more officers arrive on scene. “Donovan, can you get a medic up here, please?”
A breeze trickles through the alley, carrying the scent of the woman’s blood with it. John stiffens. The body is to his left but that breeze came from… He turns his head, considering the small crowd of onlookers on the street.
When they make it back to the car, John collects the shredded remains of his clothes – at least he managed to save his coat and shoes – while Sherlock searches for the car key. He eventually finds it in the grass under the car itself, thrown there during their struggle. The drive back into town is done in wordless companionship, John humming along to the radio and Sherlock throwing glances at him every so often, just happy for him to be there.
“My going into the army was the only thing Dad approved of. When I enlisted, I was young enough that that was still important to me.”
“It’s just an idea. Everyone needs to blow off some steam every now and then – you’ve been teaching me that. It can’t be easy living with a – living with someone like me.”
“Well, it’s a bit odd, but you like the odd ones, don’t you Mr. Holmes?” Mr. Wilson begins. “I have very red hair.”
“God, that’s my girl,” Sherlock whispered roughly, pressing her fingers all the way in, knuckles rubbing spreading her wide.
He slams the door closed between them at the top of the stairs, sagging to the floor. He can hardly breathe, he struggles against the urge to vomit. For the first time in nearly twenty years, Sherlock has a panic attack.
Even with the therapy, Sherlock is careful to watch for hints of the wolf in John’s behaviour. He spots it late one evening after John comes home from a long shift, arguing with his sister on the phone as he walks through the door. He throws his mobile on the kitchen table after he hangs up, his hands quivering, and Sherlock can tell a departure to his upstairs bedroom is imminent.
Later, when they’re watching some crap film on the telly and munching on popcorn, Sherlock says, “You’re not like your father.”
Sitting cross legged against the headboard, Sherlock opens his laptop and starts a new email. Ellen Frankland gave him her email in Dartmoor, before she left for her flight to Australia, and Sherlock never got around to deleting it from his mind palace.
The long queue inched forward at a snail’s pace, fashionably-dressed people craning their necks and shuffling impatiently on the pavement. Some of them had been waiting for twenty minutes at least.
Head buried between Sherlock’s legs, John felt hot, blissful, transported by the haze of alcohol and the scent and taste of her lover. Her knees hurt but she couldn’t stop her hips from circling in the air, her damp knickers rubbing against her clit. She wanted to touch herself but couldn’t bear to let go of Sherlock, who was near writhing in her hands and under her mouth. Sucking that tender bead into her mouth, John groaned out her frustrated desire and Sherlock whined, back arching. She was close, the clenching around John’s finger stronger and more frequent, her breathing quick and ragged. John was just as desperate, panting just as hard.
Mr. Wilson stands, stupefied, halfway to the door, caught in the tirade of deductions. Somehow it doesn’t make Sherlock feel better.
A sharp stab of pleasure and John bucked, head whipping back. She narrowly missed giving Sherlock a bloody nose as spasms started deep inside, paralyzing in their intensity.
Gentle, butterfly kisses ease Sherlock into wakefulness, John’s lips brushing across Sherlock’s shoulder and neck. They’re in the same position that they fell asleep in: John on his back and Sherlock draped half on top of him, his nose in John’s hair. He breathes deeply as John nuzzles into his neck, shifting his muscles to take stock of himself. His ribs ache dully but are easily ignored. The scent of his partner is sharp and intoxicating, something wild intertwined with his natural scent. John is hard against Sherlock’s hip, Sherlock equally so against John’s thigh. They wriggle a bit and their lips meet for a lazy kiss, exchanging loving greetings and wordless reassurances.
“Sherlock, did I do this?” John breathes into his hair, fingers butterfly-light against the claw marks in his skin. “How bad is it?”
“Well, the Red-Headed League, they called themselves. And they paid quite well – fifteen pounds an hour! I thought it sounded a bit culty, and aren’t there discrimination laws against hiring people on looks? Anyway, I figured no harm in getting some easy money out of them, at least until I got back on my feet with my next novel. It went quite well, and I was paid weekly in cash, but then today when I showed up for work, there was a sign on my office door saying the company had folded, just like that! I tried emailing, but it just bounced back, and no one else in the building had any idea what I was talking about.”
She could barely stand it. She felt surrounded by Sherlock, held and touched everywhere, hot and needy. They were surrounded by strangers, an oblivious crowd with John a hidden bomb in their midst, primed to blow. All she needed was a twitch of Sherlock’s fingers to ignite the fuse. Every second of delay tightened the need inside her. “Please,” she whimpered, shivering heat between her legs.
Mycroft turns his flinty gaze on Sherlock, hand tightening on the handle of his umbrella. “I was trying to protect you.”
Lestrade sighs in annoyance. “Sometimes the people who want help the least are the ones that need it the most. That’s the vaguest advice I can give you with what little you’ve told me.”
With a feral howl, Sherlock ignores every screaming instinct and lunges towards the monster as it reaches for him, gripping the dagger in both hands. They collide with jarring force and Sherlock is momentarily stunned, spittle spattering his face as the wolf snaps for his neck. The beast screeches and slashes at him as the blade sinks a couple inches into its chest. There is a sharp sting along Sherlock’s ribs and he jerks back with a shout, the wolf stumbling after him.
They settle back into their lives. Sherlock buys Mrs. Hudson flowers every day for a week until she forgives him with a hug and a swat to the arm. There are cases, and shifts at the clinic, and experiments, and a few home-cooked meals. John experiments with increasing his tolerance for silver, a painful and still inconclusive process, and Sherlock finally gets his mobile fixed. There are nights spent apart when Sherlock plays his violin in frustration or mournful apology, but more nights that they spend together, sharing both verbal and physical intimacies. They talk more, or at least they both make an effort to. They discuss the option of John finding a therapist.
“It would take time for such a severe wound to heal. God, you brilliant idiot,” John breathes with a strained laugh. He reaches over to the bedside table to get a bottle of water, which he cracks open and passes to Sherlock.
Jared blinks at him and lets out a booming laugh, his shoulders shaking with mirth. “I like this one, John!” he exclaims, and the beginnings of mortification slip away from John’s face. “Where did you find him?”
“Nonsense, you must be hungry, you’ve been out all day. I fancy some chips from that place down the street.” He ushers a tense John back out the door with a hand on his back, but gives him space once they’re on the pavement outside, walking side by side. He watches John in his peripheral vision as the shadows in his eyes slowly fade, their brisk pace helping expend his nervous energy. They order the chips and munch on them as they walk, licking salt and grease from their fingertips. “Want to talk about it?” he asks, when the chips are gone and he has thrown the crumpled newspaper in a rubbish bin.
John lowers the knife and considers the photographs scattered around him. “I guess seeing Jared made a bit nostalgic.”
“Johnny, old man!” the newcomer booms, striding up to them with the fluidity of years of practice with the prosthetic.
It’s an intoxicating sight, and John can’t help but pull his partner down against him, heedless of the mess. Sherlock retains the presence of mind to roll them with his momentum, saving John’s coat from any dubious stains. John laughs at the face Sherlock makes as their combined ejaculate glues them together.
“Christ,” Lestrade yawns, shading his eyes from the early-morning sun. “Haven’t pulled an all-nighter like this in ages.”
“I doubt it’ll see any more action,” John mutters. “You might as well keep it. Maybe it’ll come in handy with a case some day.”
Maintaining eye contact, John reaches into his pocket to pull out his wallet. Sherlock can’t believe he’s seeing this. In that moment, he would swear he hates John Watson. He isn’t even smug when John looks down and, increasingly frantic, doesn’t find what he’s looking for. Dropping his wallet, John looks at Sherlock in horrified realization.
John scrubs his face with his hands and sighs in frustration. “It’s not your fault, Sherlock. If it makes you uncomfortable, you don’t need to stay here overnight with me. You just need to let me out in the morning. Like a dog.” With a snort, he turns for the door. “Come on, let’s go. I’m starving.”
When the cab pulls up in front of Amberley’s house, Sherlock pats his trousers with a frown then reaches for John’s pocket, pulling out his wallet.
It’s a beautiful weapon, really, with a textured handle for grip and a double-edged, black metal blade. By its design, it is clear this knife was meant for close quarters combat, shaped perfectly to slip between a combatant’s ribs. Sherlock turns it over in his hands, perusing his mental catalogue of combat knifes to find its name.
Wriggling in his seat guiltily, John looks out his window. He glances back, opens his mouth, seems to change his mind, then turns away again.
Perhaps John subconsciously blames Sherlock, like he should. Maybe the furious wolf that John struggles to contain is expressing the anger that John won’t.
The reflexive denial dies on his tongue as he understands John’s meaning. He can imagine it only too easily. If Sherlock had failed and the wolf had killed him, he knows that John would likely be dead by now, dispatched either by his own hand or on Mycroft’s order. By saving his own life, he has saved John’s by extension.
“Where are the rest of the paintings?” Sherlock demands, eyes flicking around the room. “Surely you have more.”
Putting her drink down on the ledge, Sherlock slipped behind John, her long, elegant fingers landing on John’s hips. “Don’t tell anyone,” she murmured conspiratorially into John’s ear, “but I love dancing.” She began to subtly rock their hips together to the beat.
All at once, Sherlock realizes what is missing from this little sequence of events. John. John who was so helpful up to and including the conclusion of the case, but when Sherlock found himself in a social blunder at its epilogue, John stayed silent instead of smoothing the way like usual.
“Oh, God,” John whined, in fear, in excitement. She felt herself throb at the thought and her eyelids fluttered shut, suddenly much closer to coming.
“We make a striking image,” Sherlock agreed, breath tickling over John’s skin. John pressed her bum against Sherlock’s pelvis, encouraging their grinding rhythm. “That dress looks amazing on you.”
Light blooms into existence and John turns, shielding his eyes from the torch on Sherlock’s mobile. “I’ve been an idiot,” Sherlock snarls, pushing himself to his feet and stepping over the corpse, coming over to observe the freezer door. “We knew he was still here.”
“So close,” John whimpered, legs kicking and back arching as she rubbed and flicked and circled over that sensitive bud relentlessly, slick and swollen and desperate.
“Sherlock!” John barks at the same time that Mrs. Hudson’s palm makes sharp contact with his cheek. Without another word, she turns and leaves the flat, throwing John a sympathetic glance as she does.
“How close was what?” Sherlock asks lightly, tucking his arms behind his back. “How close was John to killing himself thanks to your poison pill and silver bullets? How close was I to losing my partner?”
John hesitates and Sherlock hates that there is an invisible force separating them, the moon pulling John away from him. At last, John nods and Sherlock glues himself to John’s back, handing him a fresh clip. He copies John’s position, left hand at his side and right raised, fingertips tickling the back of John’s gun-wielding hand, covering John like a cloak. John’s hair tickles his lips and the muscles of his back flex against Sherlock’s chest. It’s imperfect, and Sherlock wishes he could step into John’s skin, but the moment John squeezes the trigger is glorious. The recoil shudders up John’s arm and is absorbed by his shoulder and core, the tension and give of muscle echoing into Sherlock’s body. The force pushes John back a touch, just enough that his arse comes in contact with Sherlock’s pelvis.
Sherlock orders takeout one day, a few days before the full moon, when John has been ensconced in his room for hours, hoping to coax him down with the smell of food. When the delivery boy knocks on the door, Sherlock grabs the first wallet he sees – John’s, sitting on the desk – without a second thought. He opens the front door and gives the teen a disinterested glance. “How much?”
“No, no, goddammit, John.” Sherlock feels at John’s neck with his blood-stained fingers, pulls open an eyelid, strokes his perfect chest. No trace of the stab wound remains.
Breath catching, John felt her eyes roll back as the pleasure spiked, an embarrassing noise getting caught in her throat.
“Oh, it’s alright.” Jared turns and flashes that warm smile again. “I’m much better now and I like to share my story. It’s good to fight the stigma of mental health, right, Doctor Watson? And I work with all sorts of people every day, some struggling more so than others. Speaking of, I hate to cut this short, but I have a class in five minutes.”
The chances of them both leaving this forest alive are unthinkably slim. He tightens his grip on his knife and keeps running, his legs numb and his lungs on fire. He will only have one chance to do this.
Silence falls again, and Sherlock frowns, drying to deduce what has put John in such a brown study. Did he feel some sort of guilt for the circumstances surrounding the loss of Jared’s limb? Had the conversation brought back unpleasant memories? Or, perhaps the mention of Jared’s family, his wife and kids, reminded John of what he can’t have – not with Sherlock. Sherlock turns away, clenching his hands in his lap.
Sherlock blinks and shakes his head, reaching out for him. John nearly stumbles back to get away. He doesn’t know what the wolf will do if Sherlock touches him.
“Christ.” John laughs, rolling onto his back and throwing an arm over his eyes. “Greg is going to be royally pissed.”
Mr. Wilson nods. “There were lines of code written on paper and all I was meant to do was type them up into some fancy coding program. I told them I’d never coded before in my life, but they said it didn’t matter.”
The fingers inside her began thrusting slowly, letting her feel the drag, her muscles clenching and gripping with each slide. Her clit sparked with pleasure as fingertips tapped against it, gently, again and again, shots of pleasure ripping up her spine. Sherlock’s mouth at her neck resumed its wet kisses and stinging nips, humming into her skin like she was the most delicious thing Sherlock had ever tasted. John couldn’t speak, could hardly breathe, afraid to make a sound and knowing it was inevitable, her throat tightening as Sherlock fucked her and rubbed at her. Sherlock touched John like she owned her, knowing, deliberate movements that drove John to the edge of orgasm and kept her there, poised and straining and desperate for the fall.
John sucks in a breath and looks away, taking a moment to beat down the sudden flare of anger at Sherlock’s acidic tone. The wolf rumbles in the back of his head, jaws snapping. John knows Sherlock. Sherlock lashes out when he’s uncertain or insecure. Even John can make this leap. When he turns back, Sherlock is watching him warily.
“He’s probably anxious about not being able to track your exact location twenty-four-seven,” John says with a laugh and kisses him for courage. “See, this is how I know you love me.” He strokes his thumb across a striking, blushing cheekbone. “You’ll brave your brother for me.”
For a moment he lies frozen, breathless, waiting for the dark heap of muscle and fur beside him to twitch to life and rip into him. He counts to ten in his head and pushes himself up onto trembling arms, twisting to take in the wolf. It lies motionless, its eyes open and black – the red light has been extinguished. Protruding from its chest is Sherlock’s knife, silver moonlight glinting off the hilt.
“If he’d panicked, he wouldn’t have taken anything. If he were smarter, he would have stripped the body of valuables, maybe roughed up her face a bit. The killer knew this woman and wanted to make her more difficult to identify.”
“Hurry up!” an obnoxious voice complained and Sherlock complied, circling her clit hard and fast, practically vibrating against her. Taught as a wire, John’s eyes rolled back. Then, suspiciously: “What are you doing in there?”
“Does your wife know the code?” John asks as the heavy door swings open, the stinging scent of bleach wafting out.
Sherlock nods and presses a kiss to John’s scarred shoulder. As he’s locking the cell between them, John growls, “I love you,” but there is only violence in his voice.
Silently, John hands him his mug and retreats to the sitting room with his own, taking a seat in his chair. Sherlock follows and sits across from him, heart pounding. Is he having regrets already? He wasn’t lying when he said he wasn’t ashamed, but perhaps he is embarrassed nonetheless?
John chucks the empty water bottle onto the floor. “But it did.” He pulls Sherlock against him again. “You saved my life.”
“Tell him the truth. Killer tried to lock us in, but we got out. He’ll assume the door was already like that.”
Their third full moon, Lestrade texts Sherlock just after midnight. The werewolf is making an unholy racket in the cell, putting Sherlock’s strained nerves on edge. He barely hesitates after reading Lestrade’s text – he’s stalking out of the cottage and through the trees before he can change his mind.
This direction of conversation comes as a complete shock to John, who didn’t think Sherlock even noticed that John has stopped rebuking him for being rude. “I thought you hated – it’s not my place to tell you what to do,” he says, baffled.
His fingers do feel a bit numb, John realizes, his arm hanging oddly. “I got it.” With a grunt, he uses his good arm to bend the other at a ninety-degree angle, rotating it out and in slowly until the joint gives a quiet pop. He lets out a quiet hiss that Sherlock echoes. “How long do we have?”
“Really?” Sherlock murmurs distractedly, frowning at some minute detail that’s not to his satisfaction. “I rather thought that’s exactly what you were, my ‘doll’.”
“Of course I remember that night,” John said roughly, taking another sip of her drink only to realize there was nothing left but ice. Sherlock took it from her and flexed her thigh against John’s mons, and John couldn’t help but gasp at the sharp throb of pleasure that shot through her. The effects of the alcohol were making themselves known; she felt relaxed and loose and just a little hazy. She did not hesitate to press into that strong thigh. She forgot what she was going to say and sighed Sherlock’s name instead.
With a groan, Sherlock pulled back, collapsing against the wall beside John. They stood for a moment, panting. John could barely stand to look at her, her face flushed, shirt nearly half unbuttoned, hair a tousled mess.
They ought to talk, to come to terms with what happened last night, but Sherlock is loathe to ruin this moment in their little pocket of warm sunshine, in their cottage in the middle of nowhere. John seems to be of a similar vein, saying nothing as their kisses grow more heated.
Crouched in his chair, Sherlock shakes his head. “Need to organize everything in here.” He points to his forehead.
Turning her face to the camera, John quickly obliged, her own gasps of pleasure matched by Sherlock’s. She was so wet and eager that it hardly took any effort at all, a delicious pressure inside that added to the mounting sensations. “
Sherlock had expressed her displeasure with John’s absence throughout the week by complaining via text and calling John at all hours. While many of the conference’s talks and presentations had been interesting, John had found it overall to be long and dull, and hadn’t done much to discourage Sherlock’s antics. She’d found herself missing the violin solos in the middle of the night, the tinkle of the chemistry set in the kitchen, being woken up by bony knees bumping her legs as Sherlock crawled into bed at dawn. The phone- and video-sex had been the highlight of her trip.
He retreats upstairs immediately, terrified of the thoughts and images flashing in the back of his head. He paces for several minutes before the comforting smells of his room take the edge off the anger: no Sherlock, no acid, no cleaning chemicals, no mould. Just dust and paper and wood. Sitting on the floor, he closes his eyes and breathes, inhaling through his nose, holding his breath, and exhaling through his mouth. He’s never put much stock in meditation or breathing exercises, but it gives him something to focus on as he attempts to lower his heartrate.
As he’s heading for the door, John stops him. “Mycroft, look,” he says. “I know you’re worried, but don’t be. Sherlock proved himself last night. He can defend himself.”
Sherlock blinks back to the present and looks at him. With a frown he turns and heads for the main road. “Why didn’t you say yes?”
John must see something of the rejection Sherlock is trying to suppress, because he shakes his head. “No, you don’t,” he says fiercely, his warm fingers squeezing Sherlock’s wrist. “I want you, of course I do.”
Releasing him, John lets Sherlock stand and turn to face him. “I’m not smug,” he says honestly, calm under the sharp eyes darting over his expression. “You wear that bloody scarf all the time and I’ve seen you restrained by it.”
Greg ducks his head, makes a show of placing the bloody knife in an evidence bag. When he looks back up, the seriousness of his face is belied by the twitching of his lips. “So, it’s official now, you two?”
Their kiss was rough and hard and Sherlock stiffened before yanking away. Eyes wide, she grabbed John’s wrist and pulled, weaving through the crowd, practically shoving people out of their way. They made their way to the women’s loo, where Sherlock pulled John inside, past the queue of impatient, intoxicated women.
When they arrive home, John slips out of the cab and into the building, leaving Sherlock to pay the fare. By the time Sherlock reaches their sitting room, John is gone, the soft thud of his bedroom door closing echoing down the stairs. At a loss, Sherlock stands for a moment, before slowly shucking his outer layers. Obviously, he can’t leave John to ruminate too deeply, but perhaps a shower first. He takes his time in the shower, but not so long that the hot water runs out, then takes his time with his hair, brushing and drying and styling it to perfection. He takes pride in his appearance and knowing that John appreciates his hair has only encouraged his intricate styling process. Once he’s dressed, he makes tea, counting the steeping time down to the second, carefully measuring out the milk for them both and sugar for himself.
John clenches his eyes shut, trying to hold back, and squeezes his fist around them, pressing his finger hard against Sherlock’s anus. There’s a moment of electric anticipation, and then the muscle flares and relents, admitting John’s finger up to the first joint. Sherlock lets out a shocked, desperate sound and John loses it, back arching and hips pressing up as he comes with a near-snarl. His hand clenches around both of them with his pleasure, his cock twitching hard as he paints his own abdominals with his release, and above him, Sherlock shudders.
It’s surreal, this description of Sherlock by a man whose past career had ‘brave’ in the job description. And Sherlock can’t recall the last time he’s been called ‘funny’ in any context that wasn’t mocking.
“Two evenings ago, when I got back from a performance by the London Symphony Orchestra. We were supposed to go together, but she wasn’t home, so I went without her. When she still wasn’t there when I got home, I knew something was wrong.”
“Fuck,” John whimpered. The metal walls rattled as someone in one of the other stalls stumbled. “I am not having sex with you in a public toilet,” she hissed, pushing Sherlock’s hips away with regret. She was drunk, but not
,” Sherlock corrects, getting to his feet as Lestrade snaps his handcuffs on the crying Amberley. “No need to be dramatic.”
Sherlock slips it back into his ankle sheath with an odd little twinge of pride. He’s not glad he had to use it, but he is glad that he was capable of using it. When Sherlock lowers his trouser leg and straightens, John is appraising him with an approval that lights a spark in Sherlock’s belly.
Their walk home has amplified Sherlock’s scent, too, and John greedily inhales the aroma of Sherlock’s lust and hair product and fresh sweat under the slight chemical tang of his ‘odourless’ anti-perspirant. They’re both getting hard, and when John squeezes Sherlock’s bum, Sherlock gasps against his throat and presses their hips together, wrenching groans from both of them. John has completely forgotten what he was meant to say as they quickly descend into inelegant grinding.
“I’ve been horrendously rude to several people over the last two months and you’ve done nothing,” Sherlock snaps. “Why?”
With a hiccupping breath, Sherlock wipes at his eyes and face roughly, let’s John pull him up and towards the cabin. He nearly stumbles over the threshold, exhaustion and shock making him clumsy, and John kicks the door shut behind them with a bare foot before pushing Sherlock onto the bed. There is a vicious, persistent ache in Sherlock’s chest, a desperation that must be obvious on his face. He grips John’s forearms tightly, nails digging into warm skin, and pulls John onto the bed with him.
They start with the punching mitts, but even with the padding Sherlock grimaces with each of John’s punches, which are powerful enough to send him staggering backwards. It’s intimidating, having all of the wolf’s aggression targeted on him. They try grab break-out maneuvers for about five minutes before John loses patience and Sherlock has new bruises on his forearms.
With Sherlock hovering over his shoulder, John can feel the way his breath is not entirely steady, can hear his slightly elevated heart rate.
It’s the little things, like the way John is very careful never to lose his temper, even when the frozen pig liver in the fridge leaks onto the leftovers. He spends more time in his room and they increase their trips to the training centre, where John will spend fifteen minutes with a punching bag rather than sparring with Sherlock. They both have nightmares and neither mentions it.
Sherlock thinks of his unsent emails to Ellen Frankland with their unanswered questions. The thought of having someone he could discuss with is appealing…but still. “That doesn’t seem wise.”
John watched her disappear back into the crowd, admiring her fluidity of movement and the cut of her figure. A swell of pride ballooned in her chest – that gorgeous woman was her partner.
“Suit yourself,” John sighs, already retreating towards the bed. “Don’t wake me up at three in the morning.”
Half-empty glass in one hand, John let Sherlock pull her onto the dance floor by the other, weaving them a shallow two-people-deep into the crowd.
It’s as if he’s partners with two separate individuals: John – human John – who is stubborn and brave and everything Sherlock loves; and the wolf, the monster who would sink its teeth into Sherlock’s throat without hesitation.
“That we found the fourth body. Abandoned slaughterhouse on Whitecrest. Killer escaped in black sedan. Lestrade knows the plates.”
There’s not much to do other than to wait. Giving him space, Sherlock bolts the cell door between them and sits in the settee they’d managed to drag into the cellar last week. Normally Sherlock is the one prone to agitated pacing, but with the full moon imminent, John stalks like a jungle cat, muscles coiled tight, step graceful despite the metal weighing him down. Sherlock lets the rhythm of John’s bare feet against the floor lull him into an outward appearance of calm, periodically informing John of the time before he can ask. Occasionally, John will jerk his head and his eyes will flash red, his entire body shuddering against the chains. Sherlock asks how he’s feeling every ten minutes until John stops responding with words.
“I’m still practicing medicine,” John says, and Sherlock notes with interest the way John’s posture has changed minutely, becoming military straight. “I’ve been doing some locum work. Sherlock is a consulting detective.”
, I’m coming,” Sherlock wheezed, high and strained, definitely audible over the din of other voices. Her back bowed off the wall, every muscle straining towards John. “Oh, yes, yes, fuck,
Relaxing into Sherlock’s arms, John took a sip, eyes catching on the man from earlier. When he saw her notice him watching, he turned away to chat up another woman.
“I realize it must be difficult to be a lonely old widow who can’t even hold the attention of a café owner, but do you think you could kindly take your insipid nattering and
The room reeks of sex and John snickers into Sherlock’s neck. “That coat is going to stink if we keep doing that.”
“The wolf reminds me of how close I came to losing you,” Sherlock admits reluctantly. “I hate seeing what you’ve become.”
Sherlock’s groan crackled through the laptop and John saw her hunch over, biting her lip as she stared hard at John through the screen. “Put a finger in yourself,” she begged. “I want to see your face.”
With a sharp nod, he continues his efforts with increased vigour, encouraging the wolf to the front of his mind, using its strength against the slowly failing door. Light is peaking in through the warped edges, the loose hinges jangling as the door shudders. Fresh air drifting in makes the permeating, iron scent of the victim’s blood all the more obvious.
John steps up to him to accept an enthusiastic handshake. “Jared,” John greets him with a smile. “It’s good to see you. You look well.”
John figures they can walk as a warm up and by the time they reach the athletic centre twenty minutes later, he’s feeling comfortably limber. He has an army mate who trains here, and John figures it’s about time he took up the old offer of trying out the centre for free. Sherlock’s eyes dart around the centre as they approach the front desk and John gets them registered. The whole place smells like exertion, antiseptic, and metal. Once they’re signed in, John declines a tour of the facilities and leads Sherlock to the locker rooms, where they change into their workout clothes.
With a snort, John skirts around him and out of the cell, bare feet slapping against concrete. “Great. You hate what I am. Not like I can help it.”
They find an empty practice room, with padded floors and walls and a wooden chest filled with various training tools. Sherlock looks somewhat sceptical as he takes in the various punching mitts and pads, the rubber training knives, and polypropylene sticks.
With a laugh, John removes the clip and safeties the gun. “Go grab a plastic knife, I’m going to show you how to stab someone in the heart.”
“I love you,” Sherlock blurts. It should be awkward or embarrassing, but it’s not; it’s as easy as breathing, and not at all boring. He can’t remember if he has ever actually said the words aloud.
John turns, exhaustion on his face, but too antsy to sit down. “Mycroft said before that the wolf is made of the darkest parts of me.” He licks his lips in discomfort and crosses his arms, looking away. “There’s a lot of dark shit in my head.”
John takes a few steps back and collides with the door again, feeling the metal shudder under the force. “We need to get out of here,” he says, trying to keep the panic out of his voice. He feels claustrophobic, the wolf pacing in his head. He winds up again, this time the wolf giving him a burst of strength that jars his shoulder terribly when he makes contact. “If I change in here with you, I’ll kill you.”
Lestrade recently divorced his wife, but he still has more experience than Sherlock with the whole relationship thing. And unlike Lestrade’s ex-wife, John isn’t an idiot.
Scrambling up the last of the stairs, Sherlock closes the cellar door to block out the howling and, like a child, climbs into the bed with his clothes still on, pulling the sheets over his head.
With a moan, John thrusted her hips into her hand, jostling the laptop on the mattress. “The door…it’s not –”
John cleans and rebandages Sherlock’s arm, ignoring Sherlock’s grumbling. The wound really is just a graze, but it could have been so much worse. He needs to get it through Sherlock’s head that he doesn’t need protecting. John should be the one to push Sherlock out of harm’s way, not the other way around.
“Wait, wait!” John exclaims at last. “I am not having sex with this coat on. It was far too expensive to risk staining it with questionable bodily fluids.”
Sherlock nods, watching an older couple walking past. “Good idea in theory, but you’re a bit prone to repressing things. Sitting in your room ruminating probably isn’t the best option for you.”
John bristles, though it’s a fair question. The scent of his partner – if Sherlock will still allow John to call him that – should be comforting, but this close to John’s territory the wolf finds it unnerving. His patience is wire-thin and his separation from the wolf even thinner. But he is not about to let Sherlock ambush a serial killer on his own.
“It’s good enough,” John mutters, wriggling and wrenching at the door handle that won’t give. “Move.” When Sherlock steps back, John rears up and slams his shoulder into the door, putting his entire weight behind it. He hisses in pain, but the door barely budges.
The creature growls, a low menacing sound as it pulls against the chains holding it, and Sherlock’s heart restarts, throwing itself painfully against his sternum. After seeing this in Baskerville, Sherlock thought he would be better prepared this time. He was wrong.
Outraged, Mr. Wilson jumps to his feet. “Well, if that’s how you see it Mr. Holmes, I can see I’ve wasted my time asking for help from an utter –”
Hushing her again, Sherlock settled her other hand on John’s stomach, feeling the contractions of her abdominals. Between her legs, Sherlock’s hand spread her open with index and pinky, her middle and ring fingers dipping themselves into her wetness before starting to circle smoothly over her clit, and John couldn’t stop the quiet whine from slipping between her teeth. She pressed her forehead to the wall and watched her skirt rustle with Sherlock’s movements, pleasure flaring every time Sherlock’s fingers brushed over the swollen bud of her clit.
Frowning, Sherlock collapsed onto their bed. “I’ve almost solved it. Another day, maybe two tops and we’ll have him.”
Sherlock glances at his phone. “Forty-five minutes,” he says and they’re running, tearing through the building and out onto the empty street, jumping into the car. “Text Lestrade,” Sherlock orders as he starts the engine, pulling out his mobile and handing it to John. The wheels screech as his foot slams on the pedal.
Curiosity piqued, Sherlock lowers the knife to give John his full attention, but his partner turns away, fussing with the box of photographs and putting it beneath his bed one-handed.
“Our neighbour,” Amberley sighs. “There were hints before, but now I know they were having an affair.”
, John thought. There were plenty of people standing along the edges of the dance floor, chatting and drinking and watching the dancers. But she didn’t argue, just swayed happily in Sherlock’s arms, the beer relaxing her joints. She had got back from a week-long medical conference the other day, and was happy just to be pressed to Sherlock.
Taking a sip of her drink, John relaxed against the familiar body behind her, settling into the rhythm of the music. “I had no idea.” The closest she had ever seen Sherlock to dancing was when she swayed a bit while engrossed in her violin playing. “Dancing won’t distract you?”
Once the mystified Mr. Wilson has vacated the premises, Sherlock stares at his cracked mobile screen (he really should get that fixed) and the most flagrantly fraudulent job posting he has ever seen. He wasn’t kidding when he called Mr. Wilson gullible.
With an exasperated sigh, Mycroft stands. “Very well.” He nods with clear reluctance. “You leave me little choice.”
Tilting John’s head up, Sherlock swooped down for another kiss, hands delicate but sure on her jaw, tongue cool and sweet against her own, the burn of rum in the back of their throats. Their bodies undulated together in a mimicry of sex, surrounded by an anonymous sea of dancers. The lights, the music, the people – it all washed over John, numbing her inhibitions, freeing her recklessness. Her limbs felt like liquid. Her hands did not hesitate now as they rove over Sherlock’s body, skimming down her throat, dipping into her suprasternal notch, slipping down into the collar of her shirt. The fingers of one hand traced the smooth skin along her sternum while the other hand cupped a modest breast, thumb swiping over a peaking nipple. Sherlock wasn’t wearing bra, John realized, and she groaned deep in her throat, feeling out that lush handful.
“No!” Sherlock exclaimed, genuinely shocked. “No, of course not.” She bit her lips as John pressed her hip between Sherlock’s legs. “God, let’s go home, I can’t – I want you –”
He drinks his water before responding, “Everything.” He leaves the used glass in the sink and retreats to his bedroom, closing the door behind him. See how John likes it.
“Then why did you leave?” John shouts, a flash of red in his eyes. Sherlock freezes, breath caught in his throat and John lets out a bitter laugh. “Is it because you’re terrified of me? Don’t lie, I know you are – I can smell it. I’m terrified of myself.”
Impressed eyebrows crinkle Jared’s forehead and he gives John an approving slap on the shoulder. “Funny and brave. You done good, Johnny.”
Laughing, John lets Sherlock snatch his mobile back and grabs Sherlock’s hand instead, raising it so he can press a kiss to the knuckles.
John crawls back onto the bed and Sherlock lets John coddle him, nuzzles into his warm skin. There is quite a large expanse of skin at his disposal, since John is still naked, but he is suddenly exhausted. “I want to have sex with you, but I’m too tired.”
On all fours, Sherlock spreads his knees and keens as John thrusts, his hands firm on Sherlock’s hips and cock surging inside of him. “Yes, yes, oh fuck,
Sherlock pushes the door open, but otherwise doesn’t cross the border into John’s room. It’s one of their agreements, since John became a werewolf, that John needs a safe space he can retreat to when the wolf is feeling especially aggressive and territorial. The fact that John is hiding out here now is mildly concerning, but curiosity overcomes Sherlock’s worry when he sees John sitting on his bed, surrounded by worn photographs. In his hands is what looks like a dagger, all sleek black and chrome with a blade that tapers to a deadly point.
It starts as an itch but quickly grows to a burn and John flinches involuntarily. Immediately, Sherlock pulls away, the both of them watching as the red and welting skin slowly heals. The first cut Sherlock makes burns like acid, and John hisses as blood wells up. It’s a shallow cut, but it does not heal immediately. It stings and lingers for several minutes before finally closing.
“You are the best and bravest man I’ve ever known,” John says as they break apart, voice strong with his conviction.
“I’m hungry,” John had complained, turning to face Sherlock standing in the doorway, and her breath caught at the sight of her. She was wearing one of her perfectly tailored suits, black trousers hugging her long legs and a deep burgundy top complimenting the creamy undertones of her skin.
He nods, but his expression hasn’t changed and Sherlock sips his own tea, trying to decipher John’s thoughts. For once, Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t understand why John should feel guilty over harming a fleeing suspect but not for killing Jefferson Hope.
John grabs his pants and trousers from the settee, peering around Sherlock’s shoulder as he does so. “How’d that happen?”
With the full moon only hours away, John is exhausted and nearly vibrating out of his skin. Sherlock returns to the flat at some point in the afternoon, but by then, John is hiding in his room and losing his sense of time as the wolf solidifies. All he knows is the call of the moon.
“He takes them somewhere abandoned, the location doesn’t matter, but the time does,” Sherlock is muttering, hands flicking the air by his head. “He’s meticulous, savours each cut, thought goes into each one. But his
She didn’t know how much more she could stand. She was wet and throbbing between her legs, hips circling mindlessly, barely following the music’s beat. Sherlock was not much better off, flushed down to her chest and eyes wild. Her fingers were inching closer between John’s legs and if someone looked, John was certain her dress was doing little to maintain her modesty. Anyone could see what the were doing, and it was that thought that made her knees weak, made her grab hard at Sherlock’s hips. Tilting her head up, she buried a hand in Sherlock’s hair to pull her down and slipped the other into her back pocket, massaging her gorgeous arse through her expensive trousers.
A chill runs down Sherlock’s spine. He burrows deeper into his chair. “Well, of course. We’ve always enjoyed the thrill of the chase, John.”
He gets a miserable groan in response and his stomach drops. Fumbling with his mobile, he brings up the timer. He told John he wanted to see how long the transformation process is, whether it would differ from the first time, but he knows that was an excuse, and a flimsy one at that. He’s here because he cannot fathom being away from John’s side while John is in pain. How could he possibly let John go through this alone? Yet at the first crack of bone and the first scream of agony, he wishes he could be anywhere else. How is he meant to witness this? How can he be expected to survive watching his partner go through such torture?
Sherlock pulls him away from a waiting cab when they exit the shop. “Let’s walk home. I want that coat to smell like you as soon as possible.”
. We’re the same! It’s always been a part of me, I just can’t hide it anymore! Not even from myself.”
After studying the scene of the latest and third victim, who bears a striking resemblance to the previous two young, dark haired, petite women, John can’t seem to get the smell of blood out of his nose. He suspects neither of them will be getting much sleep until the case is solved.
“Oh, never mind. I need to make a quick phone call, you don’t mind do you?” he asks and sweeps out, mobile to his ear.
Shaking his head, John stands panting, staring a the heavily-dented door. He’s nearly got it. “What?”
“Why, yes. I’m a retired art dealer and we’ve been building a new room to display some of our favourite paintings. Why is that important?”
They writhed together, Sherlock thrusting faster, harder now, her fingers still too light against John’s clit, arms strong around her. There was a sob in the back of John’s throat, her mouth dropping open as the pleasure flared and faded in cycles, growing stronger, her internal muscles clamping around the invading fingers.
“I love you,” John chokes out. “And the wolf has made me realize you don’t deserve this.” He nearly runs out of the flat to get away from Sherlock’s shocked face.
Sherlock runs his eyes over everything again, taking in the thick metal cuffs around John’s ankles, chaining him to the concrete floor; matching manacles around his wrists, their ends embedded into the wall; the gleaming chains hugging his bare, vulnerable torso. John stands nude and shivering, metal clinking softly with his movements, and Sherlock can’t take his hands off of him. The sight of him, flushed and bare, wrapped in cruel metal, is equal parts delicious and revolting. If Sherlock keeps stroking him soothingly, and ignores the way John shivers and his own hands shake, he can almost pretend this is something they both want.
The strongroom is accessed through an office, a thick steel door hidden behind a shelving unit. With his body hiding the keypad, Amberley punches in the code while Sherlock eyes the papers on the desk, his long fingers flicking out to uncover what looks like a concert ticket.
The drive to the forest and the walk to the safehouse are done in silence. The sun is setting as they arrive, Sherlock locking the door behind them as John heads for the cellar. By the time Sherlock joins him, John is half naked and in the process of removing his trousers. Sherlock would help him if he didn’t think John would bite his head off (possibly literally).
“Sorry,” John sighs when they find a cab that will accept them, John leaning forward to avoid getting blood on the seats. “That was clumsy of me.”
Two hours later, Sherlock stands on the street as the police raid moves in, arresting the group of smugglers who had been using Mr. Wilson’s flat as a drop point. Emergency lights flashing in his face, Sherlock stands with his hands in his pockets as Lestrade saunters up beside him.
“You being away…” Sherlock hesitated and John raised her head. Sherlock blinked, looked down. “It made me realize something.”
The cottage is so deep in the trees that it is a bit of a trek to get back to where they left the loaner car, compliments of Mycroft. As they walk in the brisk morning air, shoulders bumping, John asks, “What’s it like?”
Sherlock stares. He legitimately can’t think of anything to say. It is true that this man, who lives alone, types a lot, and is overweight, does have vibrantly ginger hair. What of it?
“Of course I’m not bloody alright,” John mutters, shivering with adrenaline and the wolf’s rage. “You have your silver knife and my gun?”
John’s relief at getting away from the stench of bleach is short-lived, since the pungent odour of drying paint assails his nose next. The display room is bright despite being windowless, the newly erected walls painted white. There are hand tools and painting supplies still on the floor. Head aching, John sniffles discreetly as Sherlock takes in the room, a tense expression on his face. Amberley is babbling on about which paintings he is planning to put up, gesturing with his hands where each one will go.
Sherlock wraps one arm around his waist and grips his hair with his other hand. He waits, looking for something, any sign of life. In that moment, he would do anything to see those eyes flash open and red. “Fuck.” There’s nothing, no movement. “Please, John.” He feels ill. His vision blurs.
John doesn’t move until the DI has clicked the handcuffs into place, then lets Sherlock ease him up and away. Reinforcements arrive and the suspect goes without protest, a sullen look on his scratched and bleeding face. Greg notes the bloody knife on the ground and John’s torn coat sleeve.
Satisfied with his solution of this miniature mystery, Sherlock opens his eyes and checks the time – on his
“John, I’ve got it, I know where he’s keeping her.” He can’t get the words out fast enough. “If I go now I can be back in time to drive us. I just need to make sure I’m right and I’ll call in Lestrade.”
The realization rips through him sickeningly. He wants to kill the nightmare in front of him. His fingertips actually twitch towards the gun.
When he steps back into the bedroom, John is sitting on his side of the bed, elbows on his knees and head in his hands. Sherlock feels himself go pale.
“What the hell is wrong with you!” John demands, planting himself in front of Sherlock, who rubs angrily at his reddening cheek.
“Well, as I said, I sent in my application and, to my surprise, I got a response almost immediately, asking me in for an interview that same day!”
He doesn’t send the email. The address and subject bars remain blank as he stares at the screen, trying to deduce what John has just broken by the muffled crash through the ceiling.
“Hey! What do you think you’re doing?” one complained as Sherlock stalked to the front, pushing John into the accessible stall just as someone was coming out.
John breathes hard but allows Sherlock to set him free. When he’s done, Sherlock steps back and looks away, staring at the claw marks on the wall over John’s shoulder.
Sherlock washes his hands and sits next to him, a mixture of uncertainty and curiosity on his face. “I never thought you were delicate.”
“John.” Sherlock uses his free hand to urge John’s chin up, ducking his head to meet his partner’s damp gaze. “They’re just thoughts. Everyone has thoughts. I’ve imagined, on numerous occasions, killing each of my family and friends, just as an intellectual exercise. That doesn’t mean I plan on ever doing it.” John’s lip quirks but he still looks miserable, so Sherlock adds, “I’ve been blind to your needs for too long now. I am honoured to see the full you, the good and the not so good. As much as I hate to say it, we’re both only human.”
I hope you've enjoyed this journey as much as I have! What are your thoughts and interpretations? I'd love to know! You can also find me on
“ – but I still received combat training. Enough that I figured I could teach you basic self-defence.”
would have occurred to him. He doubts John would have even thought to ask, especially since he obviously feels so guilty.
A howl splits the night, the tone surging and vibrating through the air. Panic rips through him and he puts on another burst of speed. He can barely think, his entire consciousness focused on pushing his body forward.
Jared nods. “This place is great for training and for physical therapy, believe it or not. Before being hired here, I came to relearn my training with Jared Junior,” he says, giving his prosthetic a wriggle. “That, and to recover my mental health which was pretty shit.”
Sherlock hums and grazes past John’s lips to press a kiss to his jaw instead, leaving John’s lips tingling in denied anticipation. “You know how meticulous I am,” he murmurs into John’s ear, the hand on his shoulder sliding down to his chest. “Do you really think I’d be so careless as to ruin this delectable coat?”
With fingers slightly clumsy with drink, she undid Sherlock’s trousers, slowly pulling down the zip and leaning back to watch as Sherlock’s pupils bloomed and heat suffused her cheeks. She nuzzled at the swell of Sherlock’s breast, working her trousers over her hips. A trembling hand settled in her hair.
Clasping his hands in his lap, Sherlock looks down. “Is it…okay for him to be alone? Should I be doing something different?”
Eager breaths brush against Sherlock’s nape as John’s hot, slicked erection nudges at his hole, Sherlock gripping the sheets in anticipation. It takes long, sensuous moments of nudging and relaxing for John to push inside, his cock stretching Sherlock to his limit. “
She tilted her head back against Sherlock’s shoulder and turned to bring her lips to Sherlock’s cheek. “The way I look? You’re the one who looks like sex tonight.”
John lowers the firearm and turns with a lopsided smile, glancing at Sherlock’s sweatpants. “Enjoy that did you?”
“I don’t see why you’re mad at me,” he complains. “It’s not like I just saved your life or anything.”
“I never wanted you to see that side of me,” John mumbles. “It’s why I spent so much time in my room, didn’t know how else to hide how much I was struggling.”
He sits on a park bench and smokes a third a pack of cigarettes before John texts him, asking where he is and why he didn’t put the food in the fridge. Typical, mundane. His tongue feels numb and nicotine has his blood buzzing in his veins. There’s no chance that he can hide his smoking from John, so he doesn’t bother. He leaves the rest of the cigarettes on the bench and walks home.
“I can hardly blame him,” Sherlock said, lips pressed to her ear to be heard over the music. She was a warm, comforting presence that John eagerly leaned back against. “Especially the way you look tonight.”
“It’s not,” Sherlock says calmly, then goes on to point out all the little clues in John’s behaviour at crime scenes that Lestrade has noticed and dismissed, until Lestrade is pale and quiet, no more denials on his lips.
Sherlock blinks for a too-long moment. “I…thought it was a possibility, yes.” Which is clearly not the answer John was hoping for. “Why do you feel guilty?” Sherlock watches him avoid eye contact and take a sip of tea.
Arms crossed, the towering bouncer looked down at the two women, his stern expression flickering with recognition. With a knowing smile he stepped aside, permitting them to enter the den of deafening music, disorienting lights, and intoxication. Nodding in thanks, John hurried after Sherlock, eager to escape the death glares and indignant grumblings trailing behind them.
There are still blood stains on Sherlock’s hands and dirt smudged in John’s skin, the wild scent of the full moon lingering between them. “Harder, John,” Sherlock pleads, knowing it’s what he needs, what they both need.
John pries open his eyes and has the urge to sink his teeth into Sherlock’s sex-flushed skin. His lips pull back in appreciation as Sherlock groans in bliss, his head tilting back and pelvis grinding against John as his orgasm rips through him. John quickly adjusts his grip to stroke Sherlock through it, pressing his finger deeper inside him to hear Sherlock’s voice go reedy with pleasure.
Only dimly aware of the cold, sticky tiles under her knees, she nuzzled into the black knickers in front of her nose, breathing deeply the familiar, hot smell of Sherlock’s excitement. There hadn’t been time to have sex since John had gotten back, and now John had to squeeze her eyes shut, overwhelmed by the intensity of her desire for this woman.
“Incredible,” Sherlock breathes, brushing at the thin line of blood with his thumb. Despite himself, Sherlock’s eyes are bright with interest, and John smiles.
John’s words circle in his head accusingly, the wobble of his voice ringing in his ears. Of the two of them, John is the good one, the one who saves lives, the one who is nice to clients, the one who keeps Sherlock right. Sherlock has never – never used to doubt John on that front. But that edge that Sherlock always thought fit so well with his own sharp corners…it’s why John’s friends don’t really like him, why he’s never been able to keep a long term relationship, why his hand shakes when the world is too calm…
“And the door?” John asks, struggling to keep his voice steady. He types out the terse messages with shaking hands. “Our footsteps were everywhere.”
By the time Sherlock returned with a fresh beer, a fellow club-goer had sidled up to John’s side, his appreciative glances and suggestive comments being politely ignored. John looked up with a smile as Sherlock insinuated herself in between them, her back to the man as she handed John the drink.
“I’m not dropping everything just to run after you like a dog, especially if the case is ‘practically solved’.”
They get a client two days later, and Sherlock could not be more glad. Work is the best antidote to sorrow, he’s always thought, and he has no other ideas for getting John out of this period of moroseness. Half of the problem is that he’s not sure what John is ruminating on, and the other half is that he’s certain it somehow has to do with Sherlock. In the back of his mind palace is a straining door with water trickling out the bottom, barely holding back a flood of guilt and anxiety that John will come to his senses and realize Sherlock is the reason his life is in shambles.
With a hiss, John turns his head sharply and Sherlock leans back, heart dropping. Jaw clenched, eyes squeezed shut, a growl rumbles in John’s chest and Sherlock retreats, apologies on his lips.
John stands by awkwardly as Amberley closes the strongroom door. “So, what got you into the art dealership industry?” he asks, and Amberley launches into an enthusiastic monologue.
“Might look odd,” Sherlock countered, lips brushing the shell of John’s ear and making her shiver, “if we just stand here and stare.”
“Thanks.” John took a sip, trying not to laugh at the disgruntled look being sent her way over Sherlock’s shoulder. “Missed you.”
It’s the night before the full moon and Sherlock is alone in his bed, listening to John pacing in the bedroom upstairs. He doubts either of them will get much sleep tonight.
“I have, but because it looks like she left of her own free will, they told me to wait a couple days and to try contacting her by mobile for now.”
The room is light and airy, with a procession of targets and dummies against one wall and a clear cupboard of weapons on the other. There are rows of firearms and various knives.
The killer has a penchant for butcher knifes and a strong stomach. He is meticulous, ritualistic, cruel, highly intelligent, and very keen to keep two steps ahead of the police.
Now that John is alive and well in his arms, he remembers his earlier anger and grips John’s shoulders, shoving him back far enough that their eyes can meet. “Don’t you ever do something so inexcusably stupid again,” he says fiercely, soaking in every play of emotion on John’s face, the surprise, the understanding, the obstinacy. Sherlock pushes him back so he can sit up, still gripping him hard. “You
When Sherlock’s pallor reaches anaemic levels and his pacing borders on manic, John calls in the reinforcements.
“I don’t care,” Sherlock snaps, out of patience for his interfering, overbearing brother. “If you ever wish for me to reach out to you for help in the future, you will do as we’ve requested.”
The body twitches. Eyes wide, Sherlock watches as the silent wolf shudders and jerks, limbs contorting and creaking as it returns to human form. Sherlock doesn’t wait for the transformation to complete before he’s on his knees at John’s side, hands on his face as the last of the fur melts away. His skin is cool to the touch, his eyes closed, his chest still.
“Please. If she didn’t have a purse he would have checked her pockets, but she still has some cash in her coat pocket.”
They step into the flat and Sherlock removes his coat, listening as John moves into the kitchen to put on the kettle. They have a certain routine, the two of them, grown from over a year of living together, solving cases together. They’ll come home, John will make tea, they’ll eat leftover takeaway. They’ll separate and continue on with their day, John writing up notes and Sherlock organizing his mind palace, or they’ll sleep if it has been a particularly long case. These little habits, if somewhat dull and predictable, are comforting, and yet they also make it difficult to break out of the routine.
In the aftermath of John’s departure, Sherlock experiences of wave of dizziness so intense he’s forced to sit on the coffee table and place his head between his knees. He can’t remember when he’s last consumed anything other than coffee. He may have been throwing himself into this investigation with more vigour than is strictly healthy.
If Sherlock weren’t feeling so off-kilter, he would smile. Clever John, who already knows what the transformation looks like thanks to Mycroft’s recording from Baskerville. He’s asking how Sherlock is feeling without actually saying the words. John’s never been particularly skilled at subterfuge, but Sherlock can appreciate the effort.
Sherlock lets the coat drop back on its hook. “Fine, suit yourself.” He’s not willing to argue about this again. “I’ll probably be back before you. Don’t worry, I won’t wait up.”
“Faster,” Sherlock demands, and John complies, speeding his hand, their erections hot and slick with their excitement.
They’re both knackered by the time they get home. They take the time to scarf down a couple of Mrs. Hudson’s muffins while Sherlock convinces John to sleep in his bed.
“My earlier…? Ah,” he huffs, biting his lip when Sherlock twists his hand over the head of his cock. “Oh God, your hands.” He abandons Sherlock’s cock, makes use of the bottle of lube again, and begins preparing Sherlock with no further delay, briefly massaging the muscle before sinking a finger inside.
After grabbing some breakfast and giving their statements at the station, they come home to find Mycroft sitting in John’s chair. He stands when they come in, lips pinched as his eyes flick over them both, pausing on the slight distortion of bandages under Sherlock’s shirt. His eyes burn accusingly into John, lips going even more bloodless.
Sherlock reaches his side the same moment John pulls open the freezer door, a trail of blood smearing in an arc across the floor. They’re too late, John can smell it. The woman is mutilated nearly beyond recognition, but he steps inside anyway, Sherlock on his heels.
“They’re unloaded,” Jared says, looking at the cupboard with his hands on his hips, “and we’ve only got rubber bullets, of course. The knives are decently sharp though.”
The hand on her stomach disappeared and reappeared on her bum, gliding down and in until there were two fingers nudging at her cunt. John swore and clenched a hand in her hair, back arching to invite those long, clever fingers inside.
He’s on his fourth set of compressions when he notices a flush in John’s cheeks. Under his hands, John’s skin feels warm.
John is repulsed, but the wolf is intrigued, perking its ears curiously. They split up, searching the place, checking every nook and cranny for evidence of the kidnapped woman. As time ticks forward, John becomes more anxious, the moon rising in his blood. He’s about to recommend they give up the search when, near the back of the building, John’s nostrils flare, pulling him towards an inactive industrial freezer.
John’s nostrils flare the moment he steps into the flat. “Were you smoking?” he asks, obviously already aware of the answer. Sherlock doesn’t respond, filling a glass of water to rinse the taste from his mouth. “What’s wrong?”
“I mean, this is all still pretty new right? It’s been what, six months? He’s probably still adjusting, maybe things will get easier with time. And, hell, get him some flowers or chocolates or ibuprofen or something – that’s what I always used to get my wife when she was on her period. Worked wonders, I swear.”
“Don’t take my stuff without asking, for fuck’s sake,” John snaps, knowing he’s overreacting. He holds back the rest of the tirade that wants to come out, knowing it’ll only make Sherlock curious. As he pays the cabbie, he can already see that Sherlock is eyeing him, surprised by his outburst. “Come on,” he mutters and climbs out of the cab.
“You have the oddest way of giving compliments,” John retorts and is mildly dazzled by Sherlock’s responding grin.
“If I make them any tighter you’ll lose blood circulation,” Sherlock argues, fingers trembling where they brush cold metal and John’s feverish skin.
“Perfect,” Sherlock calls after him. “Be sure to hang your coat in your examination room so it absorbs your doctor smell!”
They pull up to a dark, neglected building ten minutes later, on the edge of an old industrial park. The sun, low in the sky, flashes orange off of broken windows and crumbling concrete. There are no visible security cameras or pedestrians, but a black sedan is parked down the street, the only vehicle in this corner of the park.
“I used to tell you off for hoping for a murder just so you’d have a case – now I find myself hoping for the same thing, hoping that one of us might even get into a dangerous situation, just so that I’ll have an excuse to hunt down and hurt the criminal.”
“He gave this to you when you enlisted,” Sherlock says, deductions forming faster than words. “It’s a sign of pride, he was happy for you. He was a military man himself, wasn’t he? Yes, and you were following in his footsteps. Why would you want to give it – ah.” Sherlock cuts himself off, watching John lick his lips – a tick of his when he’s uncomfortable – and clench his left fist.
John’s lips pinch in disappointment, though he hums in agreement. “Locking me up in a cellar every full moon. I’d say it’s definitely on the top of our ‘Most Ridiculous Things We’ve Ever Done’ list.”
,” and at last the pleasure faded to something less intense, little shivers running through her as Sherlock held her and placed kisses to her neck.
“May I?” Sherlock asks, holding out a hand for the dagger. Something about the way John is sitting makes him want the weapon out of John’s hands.
“Are we done here? You have your killer, now I’d like to take John back to the flat to patch him up.”
Sherlock crashes through the trees, an icy vise squeezing his chest. Twigs scratch at his face and roots grasp at his feet, the wary silence of the forest muffling his ears. His coat is weighing him down so he sheds it. The night is cool but he is damp with sweat. Already he can hear the cracking of branches behind him, the pounding of paws on dirt just audible above the frantic pounding of his heart. He is the sheep in the Baskerville lab.
Greg retrieves the knife from the ground. It’s covered in both dried and fresh blood and Greg is not unobservant, despite what Sherlock says. The amount of fresh blood is not insignificant, and Greg notices. “You sure?” he asks, taking a step closer.
John flicked her tongue fast, kept curling her finger as Sherlock shook and whimpered and came on her hand, in her mouth. The feel of Sherlock throbbing against her drove her wild, the taste of her, hot and salty on John’s tongue, was an aphrodisiac that made her lightheaded. Sherlock was twitching fitfully so John went pliant against her, letting Sherlock rub herself against John’s stiff tongue, letting her fuck herself on John’s curled finger. With a hiccupping sigh, the powerful clenching of her vaginal muscles eased, the taught line of her body falling into fine tremors. She continued to sway her hips minutely, rubbing against the soothing laps of John’s tongue.
On the dance floor, bodies writhed and grinded, a sea of oblivious, transported dancers. A young couple in front of them was pressed flush together, the girl with her back to the boy’s front and her mouth open in bliss as he sucked on her neck. One hand was buried in his hair and the other covered his hand on the bare skin of her stomach, their joined fingers tucking under the edge of her shirt. They were an image of glorious, youthful intoxication, and John felt a pang of nostalgia and envy. During her early days at uni, she used to love going to the club with a group of people, friends who would watch out for each other and made her feel secure enough to lose herself a little. After months of studying and exams, dancing with a stranger until she was sweaty and dazed felt like the best stress relief.
More footsteps and Lestrade arrives on scene, bidding the first officer to lower his weapon. “Christ, what the hell is going on here?”
“Friend of yours from the army,” Sherlock interrupts, accepting Jared’s firm handshake, aware that his own palm is slightly clammy. John is a good teacher, with a very physical approach that Sherlock has been appreciating, but he tends not to enjoy meeting new people when he’s sweaty with exertion and sporting ratty sweatpants. “I figured.”
They get to the cabin with plenty of time to spare two nights later, and much better prepared. John is less tense than usual thanks to muscle relaxants sent from Mycroft, and they sit at the table together as the sun sets, Sherlock unpacking a bag of fine breads and thinly-sliced meats to snack on. Despite the shadow of the wolf dark in his eyes, John smiles at him with surprised appreciation as they dig in.
Clasping his hands together, Sherlock begins chest compressions. He seals his lips to John’s but can’t get enough air for a proper exhale.
John nods. “It saved my life once. It was a gift.” John takes another sip, stalling. “From my father.”
, somehow; a sharp, primal undercurrent fills Sherlock’s lungs and lights up his brainstem. He finds himself gripping John’s hips.
At the first hint of sunlight, Sherlock gets up with a grimace, trying not to stretch his ripped skin. Light-headed and legs numb, he staggers to the safehouse and retrieves the key hidden in the eavestrough. Once the door is flung open, he hurries back to the wolf’s side. Holding his breath, he grabs the hilt of the knife in both hands and tugs it free, nearly gags at the wet suction sound. He lets the bloody knife fall to the ground and takes several steps back, watching and ready to bolt if the beast attacks him again. He waits as the sky shifts from black to navy to orange.
They spend the next month hesitant with each other. Sherlock’s not sure what to do with the information John has given him, but they somehow feel more disconnected now than before. He still feels guilty, but with John’s insistence that it’s not Sherlock’s fault, they seem to be at an impasse. The frequency with which John isolates himself in his room increases to an average of twice a week, and Sherlock finds himself hesitating at the foot of the stairs more often than not.
For the next eternity, Sherlock’s entire being is consumed by John’s pain. The chains shift against skin that stretches and bursts with thick fur. The manacles strain against bones that lengthen and muscle that swells obscenely. John curls into himself, pressing his forehead to the floor as a snout protrudes from his face, his groans sliding into a canine whine as his vocal cords reshape themselves.
With his free hand, John slips his fingers between Sherlock’s clenching buttocks and presses a finger against his anus, pulsing gently against that clenching ring of muscle.
,” he babbles, collapsing to his elbows and bowing his head. He’s stretched wide, ribs stinging and nerves singing, prostate screaming in pleasure and his cock hard and dripping between his legs. It’s been ages since it’s been this mind-stoppingly good.
John’s eyes kept getting caught on her, the flickering, colourful lights emphasizing first her reddened lips, then her mascaraed eyes, then her striking cheekbones. Every time John looked, she saw something new, a fresh angle that dazzled her with Sherlock’s beauty. Pale, smoky eyes caught her looking and Sherlock smiled, a pleased, bashful little curve. John bit her lip and looked away, not wanting to distract the consulting detective.
Now, at her side, Sherlock took a dainty sip of her drink, eyes lazily scanning the room. “I’ll know it when I see it.”
“Anyone could walk in and see you,” Sherlock breathed, sweat glistening on the skin revealed by her unbuttoned shirt.
Sherlock’s arm is on fire, but he doesn’t bother taking the ibuprofen – such a weak painkiller has little effect on him. He orders takeout for dinner, then tries to organize the facts of the case in his mind. It’s no use – he’s completely distracted. When the food arrives, he chats with Mrs. Hudson for ten minutes to stall before heading back upstairs. John is waiting for him on the couch.
“Dramatic!” John shouts. He can barely look at him, he’s so livid. There’s a bleeding gash on his arm, similar to the knife wound that ruined John’s coat a few weeks ago. “You fucking idiot!”
Sherlock encourages John to tilt back his head and delivers a series of kisses to John’s throat. “Yes?”
At this point, with the client spluttering and turning red, John should step in, settle ruffled feathers, tell Sherlock off. Any moment now… John is silent, staring stonily at his notebook. Why?
It’s horrific, the way Sherlock pales, the way his eyes glass over and his mouth drops open. He doesn’t reach for John again.
“Some. Despite my considerable doubt in the abilities of the average London police officer, this case doesn’t strike me as worthy of my skills,” Sherlock drawls.
Text done, John drops the mobile back into Sherlock’s coat pocket, then leans his head back against the headrest. Closing his eyes, he and the wolf breathe deeply as Sherlock speeds through the streets.
Sherlock strains his ears, but he can’t hear what John is doing. “I brought the tea here. May I open your door?”
“Getting rid of John does not protect me!” Beside him, John reaches out and lays a hand on his arm. Sherlock relaxes his arms and threads their fingers together.
The damp alley they are in reeks of blood, rot, and waste, but John can still smell the traces of stress and fear lingering on her skin. He watches Sherlock inspect the body, then crouches to complete his own brief analysis. The body is lying in a pool of blood, a smattering of stab wounds in her abdomen.
