Sherlock said nothing. He'd already put those out of his mind; they were done, dead, useless. He didn't need to dodge anyone, or step aside for them, they stepped aside for HIM (which was gratifying) as they made it back into flat number 2. John was being genial behind him, greeting people, shrugging when they asked what Sherlock was up to.
“Yeah, fine,” Sherlock said without looking up. He had no idea of how much time had passed. And he didn't care.
“Induction... heating?” John attempted, yawned prodigiously and leaned his head back, eyes closing (he had asked, why wasn't he interested in the answer).
“You're familiar with the first law of thermodynamics, I assume,” Sherlock said. It was a distraction technique, of course.
“This place is,” John swallowed, “horrific.” He had noticed the long scratches made by the victim. “It hurts my eyes.”
“I gave it to Mycroft,” John said. “Also everything we got from the house and whatever Gibson gave you. It's all gone, it's done.”
“How can I help you?” Miss Price spoke also perfectly pleasant Estuary English (socially a middle-class accent and completely fake), but her eye was drawn to the scrap of wall-paper on the counter. Her smile didn't waver.
and get a tox screen to rule out drugs,” Sherlock said with heavy emphasis. He wasn't one to tell others how to do their job (except all the time) but this was ridiculous. “And as for insanity… Are
Sherlock wasn't averse to painkillers, he wasn't, right then, averse to being fussed over, and John did just that. He fluffed some pillows, took away the soup gone cold, and when he was about to go back to his chair Sherlock caught his hand, the left one with his right. John stopped and looked at their hands, surprise registering in his raised eyebrows and the shape of his mouth.
“You've made it a thing.” John rolled his eyes, but then he smiled (his shoulders relaxed, his fingers uncurled, the line between his brows softened). “Sherlock.”
“You heard him,” Sherlock replied, pre-occupied with the box and its occupant. He refused to feel guilty (which was probably what annoyed John). It wasn't his fault. Murders in general weren't his fault, even if he took great pleasure in solving them. Even if people like Sally Donovan believed he committed a murder every day between tea and supper. People really didn't give him enough credit for actually
He limped down the stairs, but at the bottom of them he pulled himself together and pushed the ache aside. He saw John coming toward him down the corridor, slipping between the police personnel unnoticed. John had that quality that made others pay little attention to him after greeting him. He was the oatmeal of people. Bland and inoffensive and sometimes even the same colour. But, Sherlock admitted, it was useful. Everyone liked John, or at least, no one hated John the way they did him. No one minded John.
“Yes, of course myself included. Obviously.” Sherlock inspected the toast, deemed it satisfactory, then looked at John who'd sunk back into his chair and picked up his cup. “Ask more.”
“Wha-? I didn't say anything,” Lestrade (whose presence Sherlock had, frankly, forgotten) protested.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “So,” he said loudly to cover the annoyed noise Donovan made. 2Anything?”
John gave him a brief smile, visible in how the shadows shifted on his face in the semi-dark. “Get back,” he said and backed up a little, calculating the distance and force he needed. Then he simply did it, crashing the door in, causing Lestrade's radio to sing out with questions about the noise.
However, when they found the back gate (also wrought iron and also locked, but easier to climb with no decorative spearheads on the top like the front gate), Sherlock turned to look at John. “Why are you still confused?” he asked. Their social contract had changed, yes, but they had both agreed to change it, albeit wordlessly. At least Sherlock had thought so.
The comment registered, but wasn't worth a reply. John enjoyed stating the obvious and Sherlock felt magnanimous enough to allow him that this time, but it didn't mean Sherlock would stop staring. He rolled on his side and continued watching. John had light in his hair which made the hair almost translucent and drew the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes with dark shadows. The chair creak when he shifted on it and the keys of his laptop made a muted sound like slow rain against window glass as he typed.
“Manuscript,” Sherlock corrected idly. “It's bound in leather covers, which is why you call it a book but it's
He pressed his tongue against his teeth and his foot against the arm of the sofa to stop dwelling on sensory deprivation. He opened his eyes to their widest and took a deep breath, fingers digging into the threadbare fabric of the sofa cushions. The light was grey, the ceiling was yellowing, the flat smelled of curry (John's lunch, Sherlock had had yet another canned mushroom soup) and dust and dirty dishes. There was traffic on the street, an ambulance in the distance. A car with a V8 engine went by.
“Your reason is faulty at best, completely useless at worst,” Sherlock instructed him (how did he not know this himself, anyway). Sherlock moved his thumb down, catching on John's lower lip.
“Move it,” one of the men said, gesturing with the barrel of his rifle for them to start walking. The other one snatched Sherlock's mobile out of his hand. He thought about resisting, he thought about crushing the man's larynx (it didn't take that much strength), but then he thought about John. Alone would've been so easy, alone he could've done anything he wanted because he had no one else to support. They wouldn't have shot him, they might have roughed him up a little, but he was used to that. But annoyingly he didn't want to put John at further risk. So he let the man do a quick search on him (his pockets were emptied) and then grab him by the arm and take him to a black van. John received the same treatment, with Sherlock's coat having been taken off him.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock pulled his cue back and focused on relaxing his muscles.  Tension would only make his hands shake and cause him to miss.  "Eleven ball, center foot pocket," Sherlock called out, letting his pool cue fly.
"Screaming, swearing, screeching, bellowing, popping balloons, firing blanks, blowing a police whistle, howling like a dog, yodeling…," Sherlock began offhandedly as he exchanged his helmet for his hat.  "I would have used bagpipes as well, but I left my set of Scottish war pipes back home, along with my tuba.  I'm nothing if not thorough," Sherlock replied primly seeing the flabbergasted expression on Candii's face.  "Now I'm working on desensitizing him to other stimuli.  Today's objective, obviously, was desensitization to tarps."
Brenda scrunched up her nose.  "It smelled weird.  Like burning trash, maybe?  It was kind of pungent, maybe a little woodsy?  It was more like weed than tobacco, but the two were kind of mixed together?"
"Yes, that's correct," John confirmed, looking impressed at Sherlock's display of knowledge.  "Were there some particular symptoms you were concerned about?"
"I've only had one prior sexual partner," Sherlock replied slowly, watching John's patient expression for micro-cues on how to shape his story.  "It was a long time ago and we were both fairly young.
"What?" John huffed, a soft note of affectionate laughter in his voice.  He raised an eyebrow, clearly wondering if Sherlock was pulling his leg.  "Like James Bond?  With all of those exploding wristwatches and laser pens?"
Sherlock gritted his teeth as possessive jealousy began smouldering in his chest, ignited by the gleeful cheer in the announcer’s voice and the consensus of the audience.  Logic warred with sentiment as he stared at the object of his focus.  He was quite aware that John had taken lovers before him.  He knew that the chance of John actually keeping his promise and accompanying him back home once the case was solved were unlikely in the extreme.  Especially if John learned of Sherlock’s true identity, or that ‘home’ meant relocating to a completely different continent.  The knowledge chafed against his consciousness the way an ill-fitting saddle or a thorn embedded in the frog of a horse’s hoof would.
"It's amazing what one can accomplish with the right attitude if one is wearing a nice suit and carrying a briefcase.  Especially if one is carrying a box of pastries," Sherlock replied smugly, as he sprawled sideways in one of the two chairs facing Donovan's desk.  He draped his long legs over one of the arms and allowed the other arm to support his lumbar spine.  In the back of his mind, he could imagine Nanny and Mummy's voices chiding him for slouching, but he couldn't be arsed to care.  He hadn't cared about Mummy's precious antiques then, and he didn't care about his posture now.
, Sherlock decided, based on the relatively small size of whatever it was.  He was impressed.  For a frightened horse to calm down that quickly, it had to trust the human on hand and view them as a source of safety and security.  Generally it was a lengthy process, involving days, if not months of training, depending on the horse's background.  The fact that the blond cowboy had managed such a feat, while bareback, on top of a strange and frightened horse was an admirable display of his knowledge of equine communication, equine psychology and riding skill.
Sterndale looked to where Sherlock was pointing, his expression betraying his bemusement.  "That, Mr. Scott, is a Cape buffalo."
Still humming, Sherlock filled a tumbler of water from the tap, being careful to make enough incidental noise so that John know where he was.  He downed half of the contents on his way back to the bed before dropping the pill into the remaining water and giving it a through swirl it to make sure the pill was completely dissolved.
On the upside—for today's session, at least—he could report that Candii Ross that her prize stallion had consistently responded to Sherlock's desensitization methods by attempting to flee, rather than attacking.
John tipped his head in the opposite direction, brow furrowing even as his lips twitched into a smile.  "Your...brother?"
"No.  I mean yes. I mean of course I'll be more careful, " John agreed eagerly, resuming his seat.  "Speaking of...um...would you like me to buy you a drink since I spilled the other one?"
Sherlock finished reading the article titled 'HEROIC RODEO CLOWN NO JOKE' and tossed it aside with a sniff.  He crossed his legs, deliberately mimicking his brother's nonchalant posture. "So not just politics and unofficial blackmail...you suspect...what?  Sabotage?  A previously unknown doping compound?  Why not simply come to me directly about your suspicions, instead of going through all this extra effort?" Sherlock demanded.  He grabbed the records Mycroft had plied him with and held them up with an emphatic shake, clearly aggravated.
"It's a person who does competitive bulldogging, aka steer wrestling," John translated in response to Sherlock's raised eyebrow.  "The objective is to chase a steer on horseback until you're close enough to grab the steer by the horns, jump off your horse, and wrassle the steer to the ground.  Winner is whoever can do it the fastest."
The wind had picked up in the brief time she'd been inside, and was gusting around fifty miles per hour.  Wrapping her jacket more tightly around herself, Molly hurried across the fairground's main thoroughfare to the large building whose brick signage out front identified it as the Bill Cody Equestrian Center.
"I ain't gonna bore you with the piddly details, you can research those on your own," Candii began, leaning back in her chair and propping her boots up on her desk in a casual display of nonchalance and power.  "Suffice to say I know you snobby Brits look down on us Yanks what with your Royal Ascot races and funny hats and all—"
With a growl, Sherlock slammed the cupboard doors shut.  He spent a moment mentally arguing with himself over the merits of coffee versus storming up to the house and demanding a proper box of tea and a kettle.  His stomach rumbled again and with another glare, Sherlock abandoned his quest for tea in favor of dealing with his transport.  Sherlock jerked open the door to the fridge to retrieve one of the cartons of yogurt, wrinkling his nose at the 'low fat!' descriptor on the label.  He spooned the gelatinous contents into his mouth quickly, grimacing at the taste of the artificial strawberry flavor.  Unpalatable, but better than nothing.  He followed it with a tortilla slathered with peanut butter, rather than proper bread, (another oversight he was going to raise with his host).
John snorted, provoked into responding.  "Yeah.  Uh huh, no."  He turned his head to meet Sherlock’s gaze.  John’s expression was mostly calm, but the undercurrent of anger continued to seeth in the timbre of his voice.  "You know why?  Because you apparently ain’t got the sense God gave an ant.  You’re walking like you’re three sheets to the wind and heading for a fourth."
He didn't think the experience could get any more blissful, but then John began skritching his short nails against Sherlock's scalp, relieving the itchiness left behind by the combination of sweat, hot Texas air, and the unfamiliar Stetson Sherlock continued to wear as part of his disguise.  John's nails were the ideal length of 'just long enough to give a good scratch,' but not long enough to actually cause serious dermal trauma.  Sherlock didn't even bother trying to suppress another groan of satisfaction as John's fingers banished a particularly troublesome itch.  Instead, he slumped down in his seat and leaned over so he could rub a cheek against one of John's firm thighs.  The gesture prompted a huff of soft laughter from the other man.
“Come back in a few hours with two quadruple-shot, almond-milk lattes, decent painkillers and a vegetarian breakfast burrito and we’ll talk,” John retorted, completely unimpressed by Sherlock’s budding tantrum .
There were also signs advertising fried cakes covered with icing sugar, fried chocolate custard creams, chocolate-covered scorpions, chocolate-covered bacon, deep fried pecan pie on a stick, deep fried cookie dough, and something called 'Roadkill" that was described as a flattened cinnamon sugar puff pastry that had been fried and then lavishly sprinkled with chocolate chips, chopped berries, drizzled with raspberry sauce, vanilla icing, peach sauce, sour apple syrup and whipped cream.  Sherlock's fingers itched with the temptation to pull out his phone and snap a photograph to send to his brother.  The only pity was that he wouldn't be able to witness the expression on Mycroft's face when he opened the text.
“I hope I’m wrong, but it looks like an extremely contagious variant of IBR.  If I’m correct, it would be best for the affected animals to be isolated and destroyed immediately, before they can infect the rest of the herd.”
Sherlock pressed his lips together as he watched the stallion slow to a walk.  Unfortunately, he was no closer to answering his questions.  He’d lost track of the number of hours he’d spent analyzing different samples in his efforts to both identify the mysterious substance in the cigarette and to discover the identifying markers in New Scotland Yard’s and Devil’s Blaze’s blood that would let whatever the drug was be detected in other horses.  He’d even resorted to setting up a rudimentary lab in the Triple C’s breeding and foaling barn in order to continue his research when Anderson’s facilities were not available.  Molly had proven herself surprisingly helpful in that regard; it was quite efficacious to have an assistant that both understood what normal horse blood profiles looked like who wasn’t the least bit squeamish about preparing slides of blood, fecal matter, mucus and other organics.
"Bossy," John mock-scolded, rubbing his cheek against the bulge in Sherlock's trousers.  "Hand me a condom from the nightstand, would you?"
"Bullrides, mostly," Lestrade answered to Sherlock's surprise.  "He was known for having an almost uncanny knack for picking which bull was going to beat which rider…especially in the last few years.  Made some of the other cowboys jealous, since he wouldn't share his tips."
"Yes, Mike, hello."  John pushed himself to his feet and strode forward to shake the other man's hand.
The crowd at the front of the bar had thickened while John had been teaching him, growing from a handful of dancers to several rows.  Several women waved and whistled as they spotted John, shuffling aside to make space in their line for the two newcomers just in time for somebody to recognize the next song's intro and scream "Cowboy Up!"
The horse snorted and made a half-hearted attempt at kicking him as Sherlock stepped in close enough to lift the first two circles of rope over Scotty's head.  "None of that," Sherlock scolded, easily avoiding the strike.  He waited a moment for Scotty to settle before carefully pulling the last two lassos off.  "There, you see, that wasn't so bad," Sherlock said, rubbing Scotty's neck soothingly as he clipped a lead rope to the gelding's halter.  Scotty snorted and rolled his eyes in apparent disagreement.  "Hold his head," Sherlock ordered, passing the rope to John and pulling the rope and scotch hobble off of his shoulder.  Still moving slowly, Sherlock looped one end of the rope around Scotty's neck and tied a bowline knot.  The circle of rope made a loose loop around the base of Scotty's neck that wouldn't slip and tighten, no matter how much it was pulled.  Sherlock kept the other end of the coiled rope in his left hand as he picked up Scotty's left rear leg.
Sherlock flicked an eyebrow as the opening notes of a guitar strumming began to sound, invoking a flood of associations.  ‘Starman’ hadn’t been Victor’s favorite piece by Bowie; Victor had vastly preferred the songs from the movie about the stolen baby, (though was it technically theft when said infant had been freely offered?).  More than one dreaded
Sherlock pursed his lips, putting the pieces together.  Amateur or self-taught musician, extensively played instrument that was at least a hundred and fifty years old, if not more.  A family heirloom then.  A highly valued and extremely personal one too, since John kept it tucked into a drawer and hidden away from casual sight.
"Yes," Sherlock drawled, trying not to roll his eyes.  "They also tend to continue bucking, which makes them difficult to approach, hence the need for a pickup man to get the rider off safely.  I
John shook his head.  "Not this time, fortunately.  Just a few run-of-the-mill cases involving a kick here, or a pulled ligament there.  I've put a few more feelers out though among the other circuit vets.  Hopefully one of them will call if they see something strange."
Unfortunately, the impact of the soles of his boots against the dry ground kicked up a large puff of dust.  It added to the grit already filling the air around the corral and agitating his sinuses.  Feeling the familiar tickle in his nose and throat, Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his jaw, not wanting to frighten Devil's Blaze with an unexpected loud noise, but he was unable to prevent himself from sneezing twice in rapid succession.  The resultant sound resembled nothing so much as an overgrown kitten squeaking, prompting a delighted, high-pitched giggle from his unidentified watcher.
Still barefoot, Sherlock padded over to the rudimentary kitchen that occupied one wall of the main living area.  He hadn't bothered to investigate it earlier, being more concerned with setting up a secure internet connection so he could hack into the business files for the Triple C.  There was a microwave, a battered toaster and a small, black mini-fridge in addition to the cooktop and cabinets.  Crouching down, Sherlock pulled open the refrigerator's door and surveyed the contents with a dubious expression.  They consisted of a package of flour tortillas, a half-dozen eggs, two cartons of yogurt and a few packets of hot sauce.  The alleged freezer on the top shelf contained a bag of generic ground coffee, a package of shredded cheddar cheese and nothing else.
Sherlock mulled his brother's words, before nodding his head to grudgingly concede the point.  "True.   How soon does Ms. Ross want me to arrive?"  Sherlock asked, reaching for a pencil so that he could start making notations.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open in shock and indignation, both at the insult and at John’s mutilation of the English language and grammar.  It was almost as awful as that one client he’d been hired by in Belarus.
A chalkboard menu hung on the wall behind the counter and deli case, listing the menu and prices, as well as available meat substitutes. The prices were absurdly low, to Sherlock's eyes; conditioned as he was to London's cost of living.  He narrowed his eyes, trying to understand the reason, his eyes landing on the clientele and staff.
"I prefer to text," Sherlock replied, standing up and sliding the card into his wallet.  "But I will.  Coming, Captain?"  Ignoring the sour look Donovan aimed at his back, Sherlock hurried down the hallway.  Behind him, he heard Lestrade say his goodbyes before scrambling to catch up.
the muscles in John's arms and thighs contracting as he fought to maintain his seat, but fluidity of his motions made the struggle appear effortless.  John managed to keep his right arm defiantly raised to serve as a counterbalance and continue the smooth forward and backwards spurring rhythm he’d established despite the whipsaw changes in direction.
—Sherlock reminded himself, said after a few moments of listening to Molly.  She tilted her head to indicate the coffee maker and loaf of bread sitting out on the counter beside the stove.  "Por ahí. Ayúdate."  Over there, help yourself, Sherlock mentally translated.  He was careful to look at Molly for confirmation before walking over and fixing himself a plate.
John shook his head, declining politely.  "I appreciate the offer, Ms. Hooper, but I actually need to get going.  I'm hoping to catch Doctor Sterndale before he leaves his clinic for the day...assuming he's even willing to talk to me."
"Eight so far," Sherlock replied, aware that Devil's Blaze had finally stopped running and was now watching him, his ears angled forward in curiosity.
John turned an impressive shade of pink and coughed once in what was likely acute embarrassment.  "It's her, uh...nickname.  Like 'Three-Circuits Watson'?"  Sherlock blinked, still not comprehending.  Seeing it, John licked his lips once before adding, "the 'O' ah...stands for orgasm...and keep in mind this is my younger sister you're asking about before you ask for more details."
John visibly relaxed, a wide smile creasing his face, as if he couldn't believe his luck.  "Sure!  That sounds like a great suggestion, actually.  What sounds good?"
Sherlock was fairly certain that the rugged vehicle would survive the experience, but he wasn't so sanguine about his own chances.  As if the thought had summoned the presence of some theoretical, erstwhile deity, the truck dipped suddenly and skidded, sending Sherlock sliding across the seat.  Only his safety belt and his death grip kept him from crashing into John.
Sherlock blinked at the disgusting-sounding combination as he bent over to retrieve his discarded jeans and pull them on, his nose wrinkling at the sensation of cheap cotton rubbing against his sensitive skin. "Just toast with butter," Sherlock answered, leaving his jeans unbuttoned as he walked back to the closet with a frown to select a fresh shirt.
"It's fine.  I was just dealing with an annoying...insect," Sherlock grumbled.  "So, does Tuesday work?"
worthy of Mrs. Hudson's fresh-baked Chelsea buns or her rum-laced sticky toffee pudding.  He wanted to strip John naked and devour him, gorge himself on the taste of John's mouth and the different flavors of his skin until he was completely satiated, before sleeping for sixteen hours straight in a soft bed made up with Egyptian cotton sheets and his down comforter.
There were too many people and too many different conversations taking place to discern any useful gossip.  The wooden floor and high ceilings of the barn-like space made everything echo, turning the audible conversations into a blurred cacophony of sound that was intelligible even to his highly-trained ears.  Even worse, the overheated room, the multi-hued spotlights, the mingled odors of perfume and cologne and the pounding bass of the alleged 'music' were conspiring to give him a headache from the overwhelming sensory input.
Sherlock blew a long breath out through his nose.  He'd have to spend some time in the next few days investigating Kitty Riley's website on the chance that she was somehow involved.  If he could track down where she got her photographs, it might provide insight into Blaze's current condition.  Tapping his index fingers against his lips, he shifted his focus from Devil Blaze's owner to the horse itself.  He would know more once he'd had a chance to observe Devil's Blaze closely for an extended length of time, but so far, nothing on the ranch indicated that any of the animals received anything less than exceptional care.
Feeling the sudden presence of a rider on his back, the gelding attempted to rear again, but was thwarted when the cowboy leaned forward and gripped the horse's withers with his thighs, using his body weight as a counter balance.  Undaunted, the gelding began to buck and kick, clearly torn between driving away the small dog that was still circling it and dislodging the skilled rider who clung to his back like a limpet without even the benefit of a saddle or stirrups.  Even though Sherlock couldn't hear what the cowboy was saying, the movement of his lips made it clear that he was talking calmly to the frightened horse, rather than yelling or threatening.
A sudden, sick feeling roiled his gut.  John had mentioned that homophobia was rampant...if the harassment that lesbians allegedly received was any indicator, then it was probably worse for gay or bisexual men.  Admittedly, John had affirmed his interest in spending time with 'Billy', but would that still hold true if Carley or some other conventionally attractive woman started hitting on John in earnest?  Victor certainly hadn't had any qualms about abandoning Sherlock once something 'better' or 'safer' came along.
There was another significant pause before Molly spoke again.  "Just toast and coffee?  Are you sure?"
"And I wouldn't blame you—either of you," Donovan agreed diplomatically, tilting her head to include Brenda while making a conciliatory gesture with both hands.  "But I would hope you wouldn't, because we frankly need your help."  Donovan waited a moment, making eye contact with Mr. Tregennis, before speaking again.  "As Mr. Holmes previously mentioned, there are some striking similarities between the case we're investigating and Officer Gregory's incident report.  Specifically how a
John set the polished skillet upside down in the minuscule oven and shut the door before turning around.  "Ahh...anything?  You probably know more about music than I do.  You pick."
? Sherlock idly wondered, designed not to accidently ding another vehicle with a door, or was it for a more practical reason?  Such as making sure he could easily load and unload items from his vehicle?  John nervously cleared his throat, interrupting Sherlock's private musings.
“Thanks.  It wasn’t easy.”  John reached up and rubbed his left shoulder, grimacing as he did so. “Completely worth it, but I know I’m going to be feeling it tomorrow morning.  Hopefully I won’t—”
"Nope," John said, gentling his rejection with another brief kiss.  "Stop pouting.  You'll enjoy this one.  The speaker's amazing—I've heard him present before, and I want you to have the same opportunity."  Sherlock opened his mouth, but John forestalled his complaint with an eyebrow wiggle and a promise-filled leer.  "Don't worry…we'll pick this up when we get back."
The thought drifted through John’s mind like a leaf on a gentle breeze.  A moment later, it was joined by its friend: ‘fucking’.  Followed shortly afterwards by ‘Christ’
Coughing slightly to clear his throat, Sherlock removed his hat and draped it over his upraised knee, before ruffling both hands through his curls, sending them into a fetching disarray.  He was careful to leave one stray curl dangling over his right eye, knowing that many women found tousled hair sexually appealing.  Satisfied with his appearance, Sherlock cleared his throat a second time, causing Molly's gaze to flick over towards him.
"I am coming, I am coming," Doctor Sterndale announced unnecessarily as he came down the hallway and stepped into the light.  His voice was surprisingly deep and carried the faint, but unmistakable lilt of a native Afrikaans speaker.
"Sure.  What can I get you?" John asked, standing up on his toes and pulling two mismatched glasses out of the cupboard.  The motion made the hem of his shirt ride up, exposing a thin strip of belly.
"It is entirely possible that they are the same person," Sherlock admitted.  "It's also interesting that both men died the same way; killed by a panicking horse."  He shuffled the papers and pulled out the handful of photographs taken of the scene, which he laid on Donovan's desk on top of Donovan's other files.  Ignoring Donovan's eyeroll, Sherlock slid his pocket magnifier open.  To his surprise, Donovan reached over and flicked on her desk lamp.  Sherlock spared her a brief nod of appreciation at the increased light before bending forward to study the images.
"Sherlock," Mycroft ground out.  "Your personal observations aside, Lady Frantz remains married to one of the racing aristocracy's most socially prominent and politically significant clients—"
.  It was hyperbole, of course.  He was hardly one to practice ritualized cannibalism—the risk of kuru was small but still present and he would not risk mutated pyrons damaging his most valuable asset—but the sentiment was unmistakable.  John was wearing a fitted black polo with his last name embroidered in white on the front underneath an embroidered Rod of Asclepius overlain with the letter 'V'.  The sigil was the official seal of the American Veterinary Medical Association and clearly identified John as a member of the medical profession.  But since the average idiot was prone to overlooking such comparatively subtle identifiers, the word 'VETERINARIAN' was clearly printed in large block letters across the back of his shirt.  The short sleeves of the polo emphasized John's bulging biceps and the dark color highlighted the golden-bronze hue of his skin.  John had hung a pair of sunglasses in his unbuttoned collar, drawing attention to the strong line of his throat and his suprasternal notch.  As Sherlock watched, a single bead of sweat paused there before continuing its journey downward and vanishing.
On the one hand, he could certainly understand Donovan's argument for her continued suspicion Candii Ross, especially in light of her background in insurance fraud combined with the equine murder cases she'd been studying.  Donovan had been trained to look for the obvious solution—follow the money and look at potential motives.  From Donovan's viewpoint, Candii Ross was still the suspect who had the most to gain if Devil's Blaze was killed.  In that same vein, John Watson remained the most likely person behind the actual drugging based on his proximity, his skill-set, and his poor financial situation.  He'd argued—again—that the possible significance of Sterndale's bizarre misdiagnosis shouldn't be ignored, but Donovan had countered his argument by pointing out that she'd had yet to uncover any other instances of expensive horses dying mysteriously while under Sterndale's care.
"I thought as much," Sherlock replied, giving Sterndale a commiserating smile.  "If you don't mind my asking, how long was Devil's Blaze your patient?"
There were no photographs of parents, grandparents, siblings or cousins anywhere in the office.  Leon Sterndale appeared to be alone in the world, except for his daughter.  Unsurprising, Sherlock concluded, considering Sterndale's prior status as a refugee.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in disgust at Brenda's lack of recall.  "What about people?" he demanded.  "Other competitors?  Event employees?"
"I got my start with performance cutters and barrel racers growing up on a ranch up north," Sherlock lied, easily spinning a story using the rodeo terminology he'd laboriously memorized.  "But nowadays, I mostly work with racehorses."  A true statement, if not exactly in the fashion he was implying.
"Er…that's what we call it when somebody gets thrown over the front of a horse.  I'm always a little bit worried that they're going to get hurt, but it's...pretty fun to watch, and the smarter riders wear padded vests when competing.  Blaze seemed to treat it like a game.  Once he threw a rider, he'd prance around, his tail up in the air like he was gloating, if that makes sense," Molly replied, giving Sherlock a hesitant smile which he returned before allowing it to fall away.
"How long?"  At Sherlock puzzled look, John shrugged.  "I mean, did you grow up around horses?  Did you see one get abused?  Is that...how you got your start?"
He brushed his teeth thoroughly and gargled with a particularly astringent mouthwash.  Since seduction was on his agenda for the evening, the last thing he wanted was for John to be put off by halitosis or poor personal hygiene.  His stubble was subjected to a quick trim to neaten everything up and a beard softener treatment to soften the hair and to minimize the chances of tell-tale stubble rash.  While the softener did its work, Sherlock turned his attention to his hair, attacking the wet strands with a hair dryer, leave-in conditioner and a comb.
"Do you have any malt vinegar?" Sherlock asked, studying the gently steaming mound of fried potatoes in front of him.  At least, he assumed that there were fried potatoes underneath a literal mountain of cheeses, diced scallions, chopped tomatoes, fresh jalapeño slices and sour cream that was covering the plate.
"You fancy women, John.  You flirt with them constantly," Sherlock snapped accusingly, hoping to put John on the defensive.  "The ones you don't flirt with, you leer at.  Don't try to deny it; I've watched you.  In light of that unassailable piece of evidence, why are you wasting time on a socially inept man like myself when there're literally dozens of women out there bragging about your sexual prowess who would be more than happy to welcome Three Circuits Watson back to their beds?"
At that pronouncement, Candii's eyes narrowed even further.  "There ain't nothing 'common' 'bout my mustangs, Mr. Holmes."
John watched the two vets walk away and clenched both hands into fists.  “Of all the God-damn, bloody, arrogant, assholes...l,” he ground out, abruptly spinning on one foot and kicking a clod of dirt, sending it flying.
"That is not a bad theory," Doctor Früh agreed.  "Though you're certainly not the first to suggest it."
"Great!  Stand up," John ordered, tossing the rest of his drink back and urging Sherlock to follow suit.
John stared at him, his mouth open for a long moment before he closed it with a snap.  "Right.  First, that’s disgusting.  Secondly, yes.  Talcum helps my feet slide out easier in case of a hang-up."
"I got bullied a lot when I was growing up," Donovan added, leaning forward towards Brenda.  "It's one of the reasons I decided to become a cop.  I know it's hard, but if somebody starts sending you harassing messages about your horse again, don't engage.  Instead save them, or at least take a screenshot and either call or email the police and me.  I'll have Officer Gregory give you a card with my contact information.  All right?"
Sherlock wondered, glaring down at the screen as he read John’s response.  He could tell at a glance if there was a problem with a horse’s conformation.  Likewise he could easily determine if one of his equine clients had gained or lost weight and how it might affect their gait or behavior.
"The drug screens came back negative for morphine and other narcotics," Mycroft replied, with a grimace.  "With no other indicators of underlying medical issues, Doctor Sawyer, as the primary-care vet, ultimately attributed abuse by the deceased trainer to explain the change in the stallion's behavior.  She cited the horse's numerous injuries as evidence in her final report.  Because Ms. Ross herself was not a suspect, the animal was released back into her custody.  Ms Ross was further advised to contact a behavioral specialist regarding possible rehabilitation."
"Course I am...I've got the best seat in the house" John replied, raising and lowering his eyebrows suggestively.
"Mmmm…nope.  My sole responsibility is to Devil's Blaze.  I just need to return at some point in the next few hours.  Why?"
"Yes," Sherlock replied, trying not to let his impatience show.  Why were people so insistent on ignoring his expertise?
"I'll keep that in mind," Donovan said grudgingly, "but if I see anything strange, I'm hauling him in for questioning."
"I don't," Molly winced.  "Honestly, it was all a bit of a muddle.  George or Owen might remember something, though, if you think it might be important."
"Come on," John ordered, leading them past the room's waiting patients to the L-shaped reception desk standing at the front of the room, next to a door that almost certainly led to the clinic's treatment rooms.  Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, privately bemused by the visible incongruity.  The cubicle's dark brown, faux-wood melamine surface was marked by dings and scratches.  Clearly another surplus purchase.  The office equipment however, was new and top of the line.  A compact, multi-function HP color laserjet printer, a Toshiba Tecra Z40 healthcare laptop and two 19" LED-Backlit, LCD monitors sat on top.  A young man, clad in a set of clean, dark blue scrubs sat behind the desk.  He had dark black hair, vaguely Korean features and was staring intently at a computer screen.  Lines of text were reflected in his glasses, so reading, rather than playing games.  At the sound of John and Sherlock's approach, he looked up and smiled, revealing a small gap between his two front teeth.
Sherlock slotted the information into his head, his mind already building up the most likely scenario.  Young child, ignored by older siblings, unsupervised by responsible adults, taking solace in horses.  Not an unfamiliar story, but fortunately, (or perhaps unfortunately), not his own.  He'd been pushed and lectured and forced into countless hours of practice riding by his maternal progenitor.  Mycroft, meanwhile, behaved as though Sherlock was determined to kill himself and had undertaken it as his solemn duty as Sherlock's elder brother to corral Sherlock's natural curiosity and thirst for adrenaline.  Not an unreasonable assumption, Sherlock could grudgingly admit.  Especially in light of some of his more...risky pastimes, but it was still one he resented.  "I also take it that Teddy has accompanied you when you feed Colonel?" Sherlock asked, pulling himself back to the present.  The question was mostly to confirm the final pieces of his theory.
Undeterred, John turned his attention to Sherlock's neck, interspersing nuzzles with little nips and licks at Sherlock's skin, unashamedly tasting him and almost certainly leaving faint marks on Sherlock's throat like the blush of a sunrise on snow.  "You smell so good," John muttered against the soft skin just behind the hinge of Sherlock's jaw as Sherlock's lungs drew breath after a shuddering breath.  "I could spend hours here, just breathing you in."
known until he'd begun his research was how corporate sponsors and televised broadcasts had changed the very nature of the sport.
"I can't believe you've never actually attended a rodeo before, Billy," Molly remarked as the two of them wove their way through the crowd packing the fairgrounds several hours later.
In a way he'd almost welcome the muffling fog that a glass of fine whisky or wine would bring, Sherlock mused as he swirled his cup and stared intently at the swirls the bubbles made in the foam.  The haze produced by alcohol would produce a much-desired buffer against the overwhelming sensory input of the room.  At least the cold liquid felt somewhat refreshing in the overheated room.  He took a final swig and set the empty cup aside, before allowing his features assume the vacuous smile of somebody enjoying the alleged music.
"What would you like to see first?"  Molly asked, tucking her hands into her pockets.  "The stock pens?  The tack barn? Maybe the—"
"Nope," John demurred, slipping the phone back into its holster.  "Just Harry wanting me to do something for her.  Nothing major.  I'll call her later.  I've got more important things to focus on right now."
His skin was tanned a healthy bronze that put Sherlock's mind to caramel, a colour that was perfectly complimented by the blue cotton of his shirt.  The open collar and rolled-up sleeves of his shirt revealed sparse golden hairs that glinted in the light of the afternoon sun.  Thin lips that parted enough to show a beguiling hint of tongue as the other man wet them.  Sherlock blinked, swallowed, and blinked again.  He could hear a distant part of his mind was screaming that he was being completely illogical, but he couldn't be arsed to care, not when he caught helplessly by the warm concern visible in the other man's gaze.
"So tell me some more about this rodeo we're going to," Sherlock prompted after John finished merging with the traffic barreling down the motorway.  "You said it was put on by the AGRA association.  How does it differ from PRCA and PBR-sanctioned events?"
“What?” Sherlock replied distractedly, ignoring the indignant “HEY!” voiced by somebody two seats below.  He needed to see John.  He needed to see John
Sterndale followed John's gaze to the little orange canister and his expression darkened even further.  "No.  It.  Is.  Not."  Each word was clipped, ripe with anger.
"Whatever you want me to do, the answer's no," Sherlock growled at the besuited figure standing in the threshold of 221B.  He was bored but he wasn't bored enough to stoop to voluntarily taking one of Mycroft's cases without protesting loudly.  Standards had to be maintained after all.  With an angry sniff, Sherlock rolled over and presented his back to the room, radiating the air of a mortally-offended feline.  "Go away."
"Just a moment, Molly.  Nope," Sherlock said, turning to address John.  "I don't, but it's fine.  Molly's in class right now but said she'll be here at five and she can give me a ride if none of the cabs will take me."  Sherlock deliberately uttered last few words with a tone of patient long-suffering.
The encroaching light turned the vet’s tanned skin golden and highlighted the different dips and ridges of his truly spectacular musculature.  Shifting slightly, Sherlock ran a possessive hand over John’s bare bum, enjoying the fact that the it was several shades paler than John’s back or legs.  John apparently spent quite a bit of time outside wearing nothing but a pair of shorts to have acquired such a distinctive tan line.  It certainly was an aesthetic that Sherlock could appreciate. Sherlock’s gaze continued to drift down, admiring John’s legs before honing in on the mottled white and brown background they were framed against.
He'd found copies of John's enlistment and discharge papers, along with some old probate papers for the estate of Catherine Watson.  It didn't take a genius to deduce that the deceased had been John Watson's mother; the fact that John had been appointed as the estate's executor had been an obvious clue. From what he could discern, the entire estate had been liquidated and the majority of the funds had been paid to various medical and credit agencies.  There had been virtually nothing left over for Catherine Watson's two surviving heirs.
Sherlock and John watched Candii stride away, talking quickly on her mobile, her hair bouncing angrily with the force of her strides.  Bonnie barked once and chased after her, tail wagging happily.
"Well, calling a man a liar is a bit harsh," John replied with an uncomfortable shrug as he hurried to catch up with Sherlock's long, ground-eating strides. "It could just be a case of him making a mistake, though in light of what I saw on his desk, it's pretty obvious he probably shouldn't be practicing medicine anymore."
Sherlock ran his tongue over his teeth and cracked a wry grin, his eyes crinkling.  "My mama was vehemently opposed to swearing," Sherlock explained.  "She would make me write essays on why nice boys didn't use certain words.  I suppose that's why I've never have got into the habit as an adult."  Not true.  What really happened was the few attempts he'd tried had resulted in him having his mouth forcibly scrubbed out with lye soap by Nanny, but the lesson had still stuck.
"Yeah," Brenda whispered.  "We train—I mean trained—together a lot.  Almost every day.  And then, after Mom died, Cream Soda and I got even closer.  She missed Mom  too—I could tell.  Mom'd had her since high school.  I spent a lot of time in her stall.  Just spending time petting her made me not miss Mom so bad.  I would have spent the night in the barn, if Daddy'd let me."
Donovan scowled at Sherlock's look of disdain.  "I don't know what it's like in the UK, Holmes, but American defense attorneys love it when cops don't follow regulations; it makes it really easy for them to get an entire conviction thrown out on a technicality or civil rights violation," she snarled.  "More than one perp has walked because of inadmissible evidence due to unreasonable search-and-seizures."
"I had a reason to be," Sherlock said simply, watching John cross to a handy sink to wash his hands.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at being ordered about, but didn't argue.  He had enough sense to recognize that John was doing his best to diffuse the situation before Sherlock found himself being punched.
he reminded himself sharply.  Sherlock tilted his head and shot John a flirtatious look through his lashes.  "Ah...Perhaps the drinks?"
Sherlock pursed his lips, mentally calculating the probability 'liquefaction' versus 'dicing' and the probable effect on his sauce.  John was looking worried, however, so Sherlock flashed him a reassuring smile.  "That'll be fine."  At worst, the sauce would simply be extra creamy, Sherlock decided, dropping a bulb of fresh garlic, a single red chili pepper, and a pint of grape tomatoes into his basket under John's interested gaze.  "Now for the parmesan cheese.  Also, do grocers sell wine in Texas?" Sherlock asked, looking around.  American shops were quite different from what he was used to on the rare occasions he ventured out to the shops back home in person instead of having foodstuffs delivered by either the Royal Mail or Mrs. Hudson.  For starters, they were much, much bigger on the inside.
"Coffee?" Molly repeated, her tone hesitant.  She swallowed.  "I…invited you earlier this week, and you agreed…Isn't that why you wanted to come to town with me today?"
had a police horse and a barrel racer’s mare been targeted after the fact?  What purpose did it accomplish except to draw attention?  And by whom?  There’d been no sign of Sterndale at either of the other events.
"I know how to care for leather, John," Sherlock snapped as he fumbled the buttons on his vest free and slapped the garment down on the exam table with a loud ‘thwap’.  The noise made several people turn in surprise, including the purple-haired medic who paused in their wrapping of a patient’s elbow.
The overhead lights began to dim as a giant countdown timer appeared on the scoreboard.  At twenty seconds remaining, the lights were almost fully dark.  At ten seconds remaining, the audience joined the countdown.  At 0:00, the floor erupted into a display of music-synchronized pyrotechnics while a laser light show danced overhead.  Sherlock resisted the urge to slam his hands over his ears as the delighted crowd screamed around him.
Donovan reached into her desk and pulled out a business card, taking a moment to write a phone number on the back.  "This is my personal cell," she told Sherlock, handing him the card,  "Call me the moment you get those test results."
Molly  fell silent as the road abruptly narrowed, bright orange construction signs advising drivers to keep left and to watch for workers.
"Mmmmm..." Sherlock sighed, pressing into John's hands like a cat, enjoying the unexpected trails of warmth that John's fingers seemed to leave behind as they traced over his skull.
As they walked, Sherlock couldn't help but feel a surge of jealousy at the number of waved hands, salacious greetings and in one case a hearty slap on the arse John received by an extremely fit brunet that towered over Sherlock by a good three inches.
Indeed the gelding was resting his nose against Sherlock's sternum, eyes closed and ears relaxed in obvious contentment as Sherlock ran his hands along the horse's neck and through his mane.
John shrugged.  "He's a specialist and I'm more of a generalist.  I'm hoping he'll recognize the symptoms, maybe make a diagnosis I can use."
"Hello?" Sherlock asked brusquely in his normal voice, answering the call before the second ring cycle could begin.
"In the ring, yes," Molly agreed immediately.  "But not all the time.  Things might be different for feral horses that are used for a wild horse race, or for rodeo events in the past, but modern rodeos are different.  For everybody's sake, domesticated broncos need to be gentle enough to accept being led and loaded, or treated by a vet without kicking up a fuss if they get hurt or need vaccinations."  Molly paused to brush a wayward strand of hair out of her eyes.  "That's where Ms. Ross's horses really stand out from other bucking strings," Molly continued.  "She works very hard to desensitize her horses to the noise of a rodeo so when they're led into the bucking chutes, they look all pretty and sweet and docile…until the gate opens.  Then all bets are off."
"Interesting," Sherlock said, tapping his fingers against his lip.  "Your theory is circumstantial at best, but logical.  And Ms. Ross's former veterinarian, Leon Sterndale?"
"That's fine," Donovan replied, her brow furrowing as she scribbled a quick note down.  "I'll look into that later," she added, ignoring Sherlock as he pulled out his mobile and began typing.  "How did you find out about the video?  Did somebody specifically send you the link?"
Lip curled in irritation, Sherlock slowly laid his specimen tubes and instruments down to avoid damaging them before raising his hands and turning around as he'd been ordered to do.  He found himself facing a silver-haired man approximately his own height, though broader with muscle and at least twenty years older, putting him comfortably in his fifties.  Mrs. Hudson would probably have described him as a 'Silver Fox' if he were inclined to ask her about her opinion on men.  The man was clad in the dark blue uniform of a Texas police officer, complete with a truncheon, a taser, handcuffs, the ubiquitous American firearm and an expression that was anything but welcoming.
"Except it turns out that Devil's Blaze wasn't rabid, was he?" John rejoined, blue eyes snapping with fury.  "I could tell that just by looking at him.  Plus there's the little fact that most domestic horses are routinely vaccinated against rabies.  So what was it?  You took one look at him, decided you weren't interested in putting yourself in harm's way, and simply decided to cull him and be done with it, regardless of what your client wanted?"
The horse hadn't just been gored, it had gotten hung up and had been eviscerated by the attacking bull's horns.  The horse's subsequent panicked run around the arena before collapsing had only made the situation worse.  John's quick use of a pistol had been a mercy indeed: there was no way to save an animal that had lost the majority of its internal organs.  He'd shown it to Donovan and to her credit, she hadn't even blanched.  She'd even acknowledged that he had a point about Kitty Riley which he'd counted as a victory, though it hadn't been enough to entirely disprove her suspicions.
Sherlock gave Molly a crooked grin as he released her hand  "Your vehicle matches the description I was texted, and I'm hardly expecting anybody else at the airport to pick up a cowboy hailing from Montana."
brilliant criminals resort to novel compounds, both for doping and for sabotage.  Those cases are Christmas," Sherlock said with relish, "since novel drugs are virtually impossible to detect.  Unless you're the world's only Consulting Equestrian Expert," Sherlock concluded, with absolutely no trace of modesty.
The shorter man was gesturing, obviously describing something he had recently seen, because his audience burst into laughter as he mimed falling over and landing on his rump.  Molly's high titters carried clearly through the air, punctuated by the deeper guffaws of the taller of the two men.
"Enlighten me then," Sherlock snapped, not at all pleased to be told he was wrong about the results of his research.
"Yeah, you do," John retorted, licking his lips and winking.  "I bet you used it in school to get out of homework.  I certainly would have," he added, taking another sip of his drink.  "Don't worry; I won't tell anyone."
"Ready?" John asked, one sandy eyebrow raised.  At Sherlock's nod, John tugged.  The muscles in the vet's forearm rippled smoothly as he pulled Sherlock to his feet with an easy strength that was deceptively belied by his shorter frame.
"Fine," Donovan replied with a firm nod.  "Meet me back at the station no later than five thirty and I'll take you there.
“GOOOOOD EVENING RODEO FANS!  WELCOME TO SUNNY AMARILLO TEXAS AND THE SEMI-FINALS PERFORMANCE OF THE ANNUAL AMERICAN GAY RODEO ASSOCIATION,  WHERE BIG DREAMS AND BIG HEARTS FACE OF AGAINST SOME OF THE BEST ANIMAL ATHLETES AROUND!”  The announcer waited for the cheering to die down and the lights to come back up before speaking again.  “NOW IT’S TIME FOR OUR GRRRRAAAAAANNNNND ENTRY.  OPEN THE GATES, GIRLFRIENDS!  FIRST THROUGH—CARRIED BY OUR CURRENT QUEEN OF THE RODEO, ROSE DONE-UP, AND RU PAUL’S CONTESTANT, LUCY L’AMOUR—ARE ‘OLD GLORY’ AND THE STATE FLAG OF OUR FANTASTIC HOST STATE THIS YEAR: TEXAS!  Y’ALL GIVE IT UP FOR THESE BEAUTIFUL LADIES AND THOSE RED, WHITE AND BLUE STARS AND STRIPES!  THE LUCKY COWBOY IN THE MIDDLE CARRYING THE PRIDE FLAG IS AGRA’S CURRENT PRESIDENT, JACK DEL MAR.  PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND AS THE AMERICAN FLAG PASSES BY, AND THEN SIT YERSELF BACK DOWN SO YOU CAN CONTINUE TO ENJOY THE PARADE FROM THE COMFORT OF YER SEAT…”
"John?" Sherlock asked, scrambling to catch up, the inflection in his voice making it a question, rather than a statement.  "John?  What's wrong?"
John grinned as he crumpled up the empty paper wrapper and threw it into a nearby trash bin before pulling a paper copy of the rodeo's weekend schedule out of a back pocket.  "So...considering this is your first time and all what do you want to see first?" John asked as he snapped the schedule open with a flourish.  "Daytime is mostly for the camp events.  We could watch the wild drag race, or the pole bending," John began, glancing down at his watch.  "There's also a trick roping exhibition scheduled—that's pretty exciting, from what I remember; there's a guy who bills himself as 'The Ultimate Flamer.'  He actually soaks his rope in kerosene and lights it which is as impressive as all fuck, especially in an area as windy as west Texas can get…"  When Sherlock leaned over his shoulder to peruse the list of events, John merely tilted the booklet up so Sherlock could better see.  "We've also got steer decorating and goat dressing—"
Sherlock bit his bottom lip.  He did, but it wouldn't quite be in character for a horse whisperer from up north to be accustomed to spicy cuisine.  "Sometimes?"
The blonde woman—perhaps taking umbrage at the attention her friends were getting—stepped closer and laid a flirtatious hand lightly on John's shoulder.  Sherlock gritted his teeth, internally seething as he watched the woman lean forward to whisper something in John's ear.  If American women were anything like the drunken idiots he'd encountered in bars during his Uni days, she was undoubtedly chatting John up with banal variations of "you waiting for me, handsome?" or "Well, don't you look all lonesome, all there by yourself.  Want me to buy you a drink?" or even more crassly, "you're pretty and I'm horny...wanna fuck?"  John tilted his head to one side and licked his lips, perhaps in response to something the blonde had said.  Her lips moved again.  An invitation?  Sherlock couldn't be certain, but John's grin, if possible, grew even wider as he nodded his head in enthusiastic agreement.
John pursed his lips, then reached over to pull Sherlock's billfold free, his movements perfunctory, rather than lingering.  Clearly embarrassed.  Too soon then.  Sherlock took it with a grateful smile and handed the money over, being careful to obscure his license from John.
John nodded his comprehension as they continued to walk, his steps keeping time with Sherlock's own.  "That makes sense, though certainly wouldn't have thought of that," John commented, turning his head to look at Sherlock.
"No," Sherlock replied.  "I'm maybe three-fourths of the way through the bedding and I haven't found a single clipping of anything unusual.  Unless it was something that he managed to eat the entirety of.  Have any of the tests turned up anything yet?"
"Why Mr. Holmes," she drawled, "I think that should be obvious.  I want you to get him approachable again so he can compete.  Once that's done, I want you to figure out who, exactly is sabotaging my horse and reputation, and, by extension, my business."
Sherlock looked up to meet John’s eyes.  John’s lips were pursed and the way he was resting his clenched hand against his knee was telling.  Angela's one reference to them had been damning with faint praise, without even the courtesy to acknowledge John and him as James' parents.  He knew that John hadn’t forgiven Angela for her past insinuations—not that Sherlock blamed him.  His own sentiments were identical to John’s in that respect.  At the same time, he knew that James still loved his mother—despite her flaws and the relative stranger she still was.  He'd always been careful not badmouth Angela in James' presence.  He wasn't foolish enough to try and divide James' loyalties by trying to cast Angela as the villain the way so many other parents did when they parted from a child’s other parent on less-than-acrimonious terms.
John blinked in surprise, then smiled.  "Well, if you can start brushing the old rosin off from the inside of my chaps, I’ll start checking my saddle and other gear over."
"None of the above," Sherlock informed him, still searching the sea of blue chambray, sequins, feathers, pink t-shirts, and white button-downs for yellow garments that might indicate their unknown watcher.  "I want a fizzy lemonade and then I want to see where the bulls for competition are kept."
Sherlock froze, mentally cursing himself for being too absorbed in collecting his samples to pay heed to his surroundings.
"If microscopic images are necessary, there is a digital ZEISS Axiocam 503 color three megapixal microscope camera on bench Omega," Anderson replied immediately.  "Since these devices are very expensive, it would be best if you prepare your samples and then inform me of what you are looking for so that I can program the settings appropriately.  I shall be working at my own station if you need assistance locating anything.  Do you have any questions?"
Still frowning, Sherlock clicked through the list of files Jim had sent until he found Bitit’s death certificate.  The nature of her death was listed as “accident” and attributed to a broken neck caused by a fall from a horse.  He rubbed absently at his bottom lip.  Was that why Sterndale stopped working with horses (the lucrative Candi Ross, excepting), and focused on bulls instead?  Was it because of a negative association with how his late wife had died?
"I can’t get over how fantastic you smell," John whispered, resting his head on Sherlock's thigh and taking a blatant sniff of Sherlock's humid skin while his strong hands rubbed Sherlock's bare legs.  "Sweat…musk…I can't wait to have you in my mouth," John added, deliberately licking his lips.  "Your cock looks fucking fantastic…so long and lean, just like you are…Speaking of my mouth…here."  John reached into his pocket and pulled out three, individually wrapped condoms which he dropped into Sherlock's right palm.  "Whiskey, coffee, or spicy cinnamon?  Take your pick.  I like them all."
Sterndale shook his head.  "I challenge anybody who thinks their range or pasture is completely free of toxic plants.  All it takes is a few seeds given time to grow and suddenly half a herd can be suffering from seizures and convulsions."
Once inside, Sherlock commandeered the pseudo-kitchen by spreading his purchases out over the counter while John fiddled with the thermostat in an effort to counteract the room's stale air.
"I know."  John's blue eyes were warm and a little sad as he returned Sherlock's gaze.  "Doesn't mean I can't express sympathy, though.  People shouldn't judge you or hurt you for liking who you like, or dressing the way you want to dress or...believing whatever you believe.  People are different, and if at the end of the day, you aren't hurting anybody, then it's fine.  It's all fine."
“Candii Ross’s prior trainer, Joe Straker, had a reputation for being a successful gambler on bull rides.  I was looking at his-” Sherlock caught himself at John’s raised eyebrow and hurriedly amended his explanation.  “Success rate-there’s been a bit of gossip around the dinner table about his lucky streak and how he did it.  The date was familiar, that’s all.”
"That would be me," an unexpectedly accented voice announced.  Sherlock and Donovan both turned to face the tall, rangy woman who had addressed them.  She was wearing a white lab coat and pale blue scrubs underneath.  A laminated photo badge with a fob was clipped to the hem of her shirt.  "Detective Donovan, is it?" the woman asked, ignoring Sherlock in favor of offering her hand to Donovan.
Sherlock watched with private satisfaction as John's smiles became more frequent and his posture relaxed in subconscious response to Sherlock's body language.  When their plates were empty, Sherlock made a point of helping wash up—if he'd been at home, he simply would have left the dishes in the sink for Mrs. Hudson to deal with—before making his move.
Which a deep sigh, Sherlock wiped his sweaty hands off on the seat of his jeans and shifted to re-don his Stetson. The blazing, late-afternoon sun made the wide-brimmed hat a necessity, rather than a fashionable accessory, which galled him because of the havoc it wrecked on his naturally curly hair.
In hindsight, John knew he really shouldn’t have been surprised.  Sherlock constantly blindsided him with the little bits of random knowledge or paraphernalia he’d accumulated in his pursuit of The Work.
"Well then," the receptionist opened a drawer and pulled out a clipboard which he laid on the cubicles counter.  "If you could start by filling out that new patient intake sheet for us, we'll get you taken care of.  Do you have insurance?"
The summoned tech led them through a warren of hallways until they stopped in front of three heavy-duty stalls.  The stalls were set some distance away from the other stalls, an understandable safety precaution.  The lower portion of the stalls' walls were wood, while the top portion, including the door, was made of upright stainless steel bars.  The gap between the bars was perhaps three inches at the most—with a fine, but no doubt strong, screen lining the spaces between the bars.  It was setup designed not only to prohibit any animal inside from getting out, but also to discourage idiots from sticking their fingers through the bars.  Large, bright red signs reading 'DANGER: QUARANTINE' were prominently placed on all three stall doors.
Sherlock fought to keep his surprise hidden.  Anthea hadn't listed a gambling habit in John Watson's dossier, nor had he discovered any evidence of same while going through John's laptop files with a fine-toothed comb, but apparently he and Anthea had both missed something.  Sherlock's eyes flicked rapidly over John, deducing the history from John's expression: stretches of boredom combined with an easy source of excitement and perhaps a dream of increasing his earnings.  John wouldn't be the first person to succumb to temptation, but John must have lost, and lost badly if it was enough to eventually utterly break him of the habit.  "If not money, then what
“—impressed with your score.  The last time I rode Speckled Band, I got thrown in the first two seconds.”
Instead of easing John's anxiety, Sherlock's awkward reply only seemed to deepen the furrow of concern etched across John's brow.  He opened his mouth, clearly prepared to say something, but visibly checked himself before the words could be uttered aloud.  "Right, um, okay," John said, briefly clearing his throat.  "I thought it was kind of obvious, but you're, er, welcome."  John cleared his throat again and then looked down at his plate, clearly trying to think of a less-emotional conversational topic.  He picked up the last crisp had accompanied his sandwich and ate it, before looking over at Sherlock's plate, his expression shifting to one of concern as he tilted his chin to indicate the pile of torn bread that Sherlock had created beside the pickle spear and crisps.  "You haven't touched your potato chips.  Is something wrong?"
Sherlock glanced down at his thigh to check the results of his experiment.  His skin remained satisfying pale, with no sign of redness or irritation.  Technically, he should wait forty-eight hours after daubing a novel substance on his skin if he wanted to do a scientifically accurate patch test, but the borderline painful throbbing meant he didn't have the luxury of waiting, and the fact that his skin hadn't immediately erupted in hives meant it was a risk he was willing to take.
at a volume sufficient that the authorities would likely have been called had the neighbors not become immune to such routine exchanges.  Mr. Chatterjee, from the sandwich shop downstairs, had given him a disapproving look when Sherlock's cab had pulled up.  More worryingly was Mrs. Hudson's expression as his cab pulled away: it was one that did not bode well for his future experiments.
As crowded as the aisle was, though, the area around the chutes was even worse.  Competitors and judges jostled shoulder-to-shoulder with referees, camera persons and sound technicians for the best view.  Sherlock raised himself on his toes, hoping to spot his target, but it wasn’t enough.  A moment later, he’d scaled the lower portion of the scaffolding supporting an array of fixed cameras, gaining another eight feet of height with a speed that would have made a frightened feline proud.
short denim cutoffs and a plaid shirt tied up just underneath her ample breasts reached out and gave John's arse a mischievous smack.  Rather than be offended, John tilted his head back and laughed and then returned the favour.  The brunette squealed and leaned forward, whispering something in John's ear, her long, curly hair just brushing John's chest.  John shook his head and mimed drinking something, jerking his thumb in the direction of the bar.  The brunette's shoulders slumped in obvious disappointment but another comment from John had her grinning.  She gave him a playful kiss on the cheek and then turned away, hips swaying to the beat of the music while John watched with an appreciative smirk stamped on his handsome features.
"Well yeah," John said with a shrug.  "It was Grandpa Hardwicke's prize possession and the one thing I have left from the ranch.  It'd be disrespectful not to."
Two vertical lines appeared between John’s eyebrows.  "No…" he said slowly, "it’s because I care about you, you ass.  I’ve said as much before, or did you forget that I told you I was starting to job-hunt in Montana?" John tipped his head.  "I like you.  A lot.  Though God alone knows sometimes why..."
They’d solved the conundrum by spilling rodeos into two parts: the main performance and the slack competitions that John had mentioned during their drive up.  The different events in the main performance were limited to eight to twelve competitors per division whose names were usually chosen by a lottery.  The slack consisted of the overflow of contestants.  In rodeos that lasted for several days, riders might participate in multiple rounds of slack and one main performance.  According to Sherlock’s phone, there were even some riders who preferred slack competition.  Prize money was awarded to competitors who had the highest average score.  There was less pressure from the audience, and in a sport where the only the top fifteen money-winners nationally were entered into the National Finals Rodeo, the ability to compete in the greatest possible number of events in the shortest amount of time possible was key.
Sherlock said nothing, just looked, then let go, slumping back into his pillows. John's surprise had been an expected result of this impromptu experiment in physical relations, but not Sherlock's new-found view on the right-left -polarisation of the world. It was useful for stereotyping, which was a tool Sherlock often used in his line of work (stereotypes were stereotypes for a reason), but it had become questionable whether the right side deserved all it received when for example John's left hand was vastly superior. Sherlock liked (as much as this horrid word was able to describe what Sherlock actually thought) it.
John drummed his fingers on the back of the forged book. “So? When are we going?” he asked then. Faithful to his adrenaline habit as always.
John said nothing in reply to Sherlock's instructions, nor for the rest of the travel time. When the van stopped and the doors were opened again so Sherlock and John could be extracted, they were back in London. In a closed off courtyard, with an unremarkable door and a gate that led to the street. They were taken in through the door and installed in separate rooms (clearly for interrogation, with heavy sound-dampening). There was a table and two chairs on either side of it.
John was a very engaging kisser. It felt good in a manner Sherlock was unaccustomed to attributing to touch. Warm and soft and wet.
“Yep,” Sherlock repeated, then lifted his gaze from his mobile and moved it to John who wasn't looking resentful or annoyed like he'd expected, just thoughtful. The overhead light wasn't on in the room, only a smaller lamp on the table by the bed. It cast a light that was quite dim, making the edges of light and shadow meld into each other, creating soft contours. John's hair was tousled and though he was frowning, the light quality made him look less severe than he probably wished. Despite not liking it when John's face told him off or chastised him, Sherlock adored his voluble expressions. Even the negative ones.
“Yeah and be bored,” Sherlock snorted. He glanced up the hole they'd both come through. He knew which way he'd faced so he knew which direction the door was and from that and the tree arrangements they'd seen outside he could extrapolate north. Not that cardinal directions meant as much inside a water-logged cellar as they would have in a forest. Not that he'd ever really been lost in a forest. Not that he even cared about wilderness survival skills.
At this point John snorted and got up to close the window, collected the cold packs and their dishes off the floor and carried them into the kitchen, showing surprising initiative for someone who often left tea cups around the flat for weeks on end, which Sherlock permitted as a sort of a social experiment. They were normally returned to the sink by Mrs Hudson rather than Sherlock or John.
AND MOULD. Sherlock lifted the corner of the pillow and glared at John. Had he failed to mention the mould because he was so unobservant or because he wanted to be imprecise on purpose. Both of these things made Sherlock's fury clock tick (he was five minutes from explosion at any given time).
Sherlock held John a moment longer, then released him, satisfied John would do what he'd asked of him if the need arose. He moved to grab his laptop off the desk and opened it, folding back into his chair. “All right then, let's find a new case.”
“I've been productive.” John sounded pleased. “And I see you've cleared the fungus out of the cupboard.”
She stayed there, leaning on the door jamb, arms crossed, sighing. She was lonely again. Sherlock waved at her and she waved back and shook her head.
“Mr Gosbeck gave us the name of the company and his contact that had hired him and his men to do the renovation of the property as we left. Lestrade drove us over to the second crime scene while I looked through some background on the place and pictures of the corpse that Molly took and sent me. No evident cause of death again.”
Sherlock looked at him, knowing saying that would annoy Mycroft. It was the motto of the Secret Intelligence Service. Always secret.
The paper at the back of the nicotine patch rasped when John drew it off (after having spent half a minute trying to get his blunt fingernail under the edge of it). Sherlock had watched the procedure with a mixture of frustration and affection, but now he sighed and wiggled his fingers impatiently. He stuck his arm, anterior side up, into John's grasp.
“And you are?” John made a face at him, then rolled his eyes into the other direction, at the lucky cat.
It took a moment for Sherlock to remember John meant well, that he was concerned for Sherlock's health and wanted to help. This was helping, this was caring, even if it felt like being belittled. He kept his expression neutral, John didn't like it when he was condescending about John's need to be needed.
Pyromania. In fact, he'd once been diagnosed with pyromania, when he was around fifteen. It'd been an experiment.
“The case,” Sherlock replied primly and hobbled out. “Bandage my foot so I can walk on it.” He didn't mention it hurt a lot more now than it had earlier, but he suspected that John knew that, which led him to congratulate himself on establishing a line of unspoken communication with another person. Maybe in the future he could stop talking completely. It was a slow and cumbersome way of communicating any way.
“It's really rather simple. The first step, of course, is to procure a test subject,” Gibson explained. “The subject is then cleaned and sedated and placed in the vacuum chamber.” He gestured towards the glass cylinder in the other room. “After full vacuum has been achieved and the temperature has been lowered to a sufficient degree, I begin the vibration stage. The plate in the chamber on which the subject lies vibrates in an attempt to reach superposition. That is, for the test subject to exist equally in all positions. Or to be nought and one at the same time, if you prefer to simplify it to binary states. You are familiar with Schrödinger's thought experiment on the subject, yes? The cat?”
“Maybe it's because my flatmate is a bag of dicks,” John snapped, but he was obviously relieved that he hadn't actually been drugged. Sherlock was able to see it in his posture and face and hear it in his voice.
“John,” he said, absolutely elated. “It's a key. A translation key. Do you know what you've done?” Sherlock leaned over him and kissed him again, briefly cupping his cheek. “John,” he breathed, resting their foreheads together. “You are brilliant.”
“I went back to the patient and he was still smiling. Cheerful, even. I asked him about the man and he said-” John paused and shifted. “He said the man was his grandfather, dead for the last seven years or so. He told me he'd just popped in to tell him that dying wasn't so bad and that he had family on the other side and not to be frightened. The man was on a morphine drip. I checked his vitals, everything was within normal limits, as far as the situation went, so I walked back to the office and called the MPs to tell them what I'd seen and gave the description of the man I'd seen as best I could. When I went out again, the soldier was dead in his bed. They'd missed the head trauma when he'd been brought in and he died of a cerebral oedema.”
“Yeah, let's not forget to define what's a book and what's a manuscript while there's a dead man right there!” Lestrade protested. Sherlock didn't take his eyes off said dead man. He knew Lestrade's crossness was caused by the dead man being in his place of work. Supposedly the safest place he knew.
The stairs were a blur, the pain from his injuries was present but pushed aside, there was no time to be injured. He should've known. He should've thought of it, but female serial killers were rare. Her methods were almost typical of one, but her choice of victims was not. Female serial killers tended to keep death in the family by killing their relatives; men struck farther afield.
“It's called a pathetic fallacy,” John sighed, but Sherlock only picked up on the word 'pathetic' as he walked away.
“Fine,” he sighed as the van turned onto a motorway. “I promise.” After all, if he chose to pursue this further, John didn't have to know about it.
The old lady gave Sherlock a look. “Not at all,” she said and gestured for them to follow her in. “Make yourselves at home. Don't pay any mind to old Captain Williams there.”
“Because I knew you'd be useless and moan too much.” Sherlock made a dismissive gesture at John. A stiff drink was quite all right now and then, but drinking until inebriation and then having a hangover at work was very not all right, and John was particularly annoying when hungover.
What Sherlock saw on the tape was indeed quite out of the ordinary. He loved it. When Arthur Gibson was brought in he was mild and unanxious, looking around with that same gaze Sherlock had noted at his laboratory. No remorse, no responsibility. He answered questions, but in an oblique, disinterested way. And then, after asking for water, he suddenly flinched. When he looked up again his expression was very different: he had become alarmed and confused. His whole body shifted in character in a way that had made Sherlock consider a mental illness at first, but the man was entirely lucid. Just suddenly frightened.
“Yes, show me. I'm curious.” Sherlock stepped forward. “You can do it without using a test subject?2 The glass chamber was big enough for a human so it wasn't much of a leap to deduce it was used for human testing in some capacity (filled with liquid? gas?).
“Long enough to be emaciated, but that wasn't the cause of dead. She had a water supply, she should've survived longer than she did, based on purely physical facts, but. She didn't.”
“Whatever you need to tell yourself.” Sherlock muttered, eyes closed. Picking locks had more to do with feel than sight but all of Sherlock's senses were highly trained (and there were more than five, only a stupid person could believe humans only had five senses, what about balance, hunger, pain, heat, they were all feedback from a person's relationship with the world) and the lock did eventually give up.
“I have an intelligence asset that has gone missing on the border between Russia and Ukraine,” Mycroft continued when Sherlock refused to engage him. “She is a part of the Bolshoi Ballet company. I would… appreciate your expertise.”
“Let them in,” Sherlock said, wondering why Mrs Hudson hadn't gone to John with this. John was the user interface.
“Anything?” John repeated hopefully, the picture of politeness. He could be so incredibly stubborn about manners, as if they truly mattered. He maintained they did and were there to help social interaction to go smooth and as expected. Sherlock maintained John was a social dinosaur.
Sherlock made a face, part of his good mood vanishing into the frigid atmosphere of the crime scene. Humour was used for lubricating social interactions, wasn't it? The presence of death made people tense and humour was supposed to help. Were crime scenes exempt from this? So many rules. (Like
“You mean while breaking and entering, though I'd like to point out I'm not breaking anything, merely entering,” Sherlock said as the lock clicked open and he stood up. John was about to say something but Sherlock overrode him. “When is a better time? We're alone now. That's when people have these conversations, isn't it? When they're alone.”
“Oh? Which part? The part where you left alone? The part where you took drugs? The part where you pulled an old lady out of her wheelchair? And then laughed about it? Or the part where you lost consciousness for two days? And didn't recognise me the few times you came out of it? All that?”
“John,” Sherlock said again, still failing to modulate the rawness out of his voice. Distractions were required and currently sorely missing, at least until John (not an openly affectionate man) put his hand on Sherlock's knee and slowly stroked it with his thumb. John said nothing and hadn't even turned to look at Sherlock again, but the gesture arrested Sherlock in a state of perpetual fascination.
Sherlock nodded and unfolded from the chair to go and dress. He was done in a few moments, after realising there was no way he could fit a shoe over his cast. He rummaged around in the kitchen for plastic bags and some rubber bands to put over it, and borrowed one of John's woollen sock for padding. John was waiting for him downstairs, catching up with Mrs Hudson.
“Drugs, right?” Lestrade was looking at Sherlock rather despondently, hoping he'd agree, maybe exonerate the whole division of guilt and responsibility regarding the dead man. “Or insanity? Give me something.”
The woman on the floor had sat up, looking rather displeased and called for Herbert. There was no answer and Sherlock could see the driver on the floor of the corridor beyond the door. He hadn't heard the man go down but it didn't surprise him. His senses were working overtime just to keep him afloat in the ocean of nebulous signals.
“A man that's always hungry would go to the nearest source of food, not the place where the amount of food was largest. I doubt he'd be able to think further than his next mouthful. I mean, if the situation was that dire.”
“Oh my God,” Sherlock muttered, unable and unwilling to accept the slowness of the story. “Get to the point so I can listen to myself instead.”
Sherlock was not unkind, but he was not kind either (there could be no unkindness or kindness where the idea didn't exist at all), but he WAS grateful and appreciative when he perceived something (someone) was deserving. John was alarmingly often deserving. John understood some things about Sherlock on a fundamental level, like his ability to ignore the physical world if he had something to occupy his mind, exactly what John had done for him by giving him the task of recollecting the (very trivial) names and numbers from a car programme.
Sherlock's interest was piqued only because he realised it was a classic misdirection tactic. Mycroft, for some reason, really didn't want him to deal with the Explorers and was trying to redirect him. But so heavy-handed? He gave Mycroft a surreptitious glance but learned nothing new (still sallow and still flabby and still with that pinched expression that signalled nothing at all).
The yellow wall-paper boiled with movement when Sherlock looked at it. Seeing all of it, every wall covered, with no visual distractions, was like a punch to the eyes. Sherlock approached it and laid his hand flat on it, glad he wore gloves. Then he leaned in and sniffed it.
“You could've tried.” John put his face in his hands. Was it intentional to hide his expression from Sherlock or was it just a sign of resignation?
“It can hardly be called coming out when you find out about it by spying instead of from the person,” Sherlock pointed out, looking around the interrogation room in annoyed boredom.
Lestrade's willingness to believe was in diametrical opposition with John's ability to disbelieve and Sherlock could not deal with either of them. Both ends of the spectrum locked out the possibility of the other end having the answers. Sherlock clicked his tongue and made a disgusted face, then turned to leave.
Sherlock tuned back in when the girl had managed to clean her face though it remained a ghastly orange which Sherlock suspected would fluoresce under an UV light. He was half-tempted to get his blue-light lamp, but John cleared his throat and tapped his pencil against his notepad.
He took out the parchment which had faded writing on it. Symbols, like in the manuscripts, but also corresponding Latin abecedary and Western Arabic numerals. Then it dawned on Sherlock and he broke into a giant grin, leaving the rest of John's things in the bag which he kicked back under the bed.
“You didn't think I took them myself?” Sherlock asked. He was a little surprised which overrode his anxiety about what had happened to him.
“But why would it be under the fingernails of the severed hand? Was the owner scratching it off something?”
Semantics were all well and good, except when Sherlock didn't care about it. Which was right now. They had arrived at the locker which was in the section 2c, number (0)27. The excitement was palpable and visible to a degree which John had just termed 'suspiciously gleeful'. But so what? Mysteries were what made life worth living. Solving mysteries made it worth gloating about. John wasn't on the same page about that, particularly when it came to mystery pieces of human in the fridge. Or the oven. But to be fair, human parts in the oven were a whole different story, it implied cooking (even if the oven at 221B didn't work, which was because Sherlock had disconnected it) and cooking human was universally considered unacceptable (for whatever reason, it'd solve the world hunger problem).
The room was dark. The victim knew nothing and slept on peacefully. Sherlock stood above the bed, staring. He was a shadow, he was silence. He was bored to death.
He did that while Sherlock rolled from side to side like an upside down tortoise, trying to get enough momentum to fling himself off the bed and go strangle John, but John was back too soon. He helped Sherlock sit up, rearranged all the pillows and held up a glass of water with a pink straw in it up to Sherlock's mouth.
The dulcet tones of a cranky John Watson heralded his arrival some time later. “You are a giant bag of dicks,” he declared. “And an idiot.”
“Wait here,” John instructed him once he had bandaged Sherlock's swollen foot against his better judgement (visible in his expression). He then quickly fetched his old cane and offered it to Sherlock.
Sherlock's brain rarely took the time to restart properly, his uptime could be counted in years. He didn't need to go through the whole existential questioning phase every time he woke up from sleep; he knew who he was, he knew where he was. He felt surprising clarity even now. He knew how the killer chose her victims. They were designers who visited her shop, she got their info, mobile numbers, addresses, she offered help, opinions, got them to trust her (she could be charming, a trait shared by psychopaths and sociopaths), and then she used that trust.
“I'll sleep later. Give it to me.” Sherlock stretched out his arm for his phone. That expression meant case. It meant murder. John's face spoke entire libraries on the subject. It scintillated with words in Sherlock's vision, fondness and frustration at the fore as he handed over the mobile. Thrill and turmoil at the prospect of a (murder) case. Sherlock wanted to tell him to let go already. Be excited, be unapologetically elated about the work, murders happen anyway.
“So you want some assurance that I'm committed to this. To you,” Sherlock deduced, concentrating on the issue at hand. This was a more difficult type of deduction. “I am, but I can't predict the future.”
The silence stretched as Sherlock absorbed the information. He, though often misunderstood in this particular area, didn't consider the paranormal or supernatural impossible. In fact, that was part of the misunderstanding; he didn't consider anything paranormal or supernatural. Explanations could be found, if one was intelligent enough to admit that the explanation could be something outside the norm.
The moving beam of light revealed another room, not big at all. The walls were aged yellow and bore a hauntingly familiar pattern that writhed in the shadows. There was a bucket in one corner and stains all over the floor and the walls. The wall on the right-hand side bore the imprint of a door beneath the wall-paper, most likely leading to the attic flat. Sherlock was able to declare the room useless to him with one glance and returned to the first room, clicking the lighter on and off because it, like a metronome, helped him think.
“You had my wallet and I didn't have time to go shopping,” Sherlock pointed out and turned to look at John. He had colour in his face (even with the hospital lights) and his fingers had been warm as he'd taken the jam jar.
“My friend's been sold to white slavery!” she said as soon as she saw Sherlock, then burst into fresh tears. John was stood in the doorway to the kitchen with a piece of toast in one hand and jam jar in the other, giving Sherlock and the new client a perplexed look.
“What- what're you doing?” John asked, still standing under the light. He was disconcerted, disturbed, and starting to believe Sherlock's assessment of the victims dying of madness.
Sherlock grabbed a latex glove and went ahead to peer into the body cavity. “When did this one come in?”
“They always do. You're a freak magnet,” John replied with a little bit of acid in his voice. Then he sighed and put his empty glass on the coffee table. “Which isn't to say
Sherlock hobbled in after the lady and John, instantly realising he was in the home of an avid smoker and that Captain Williams was a great big green parrot, sitting on the back of a chair. The parrot remained wisely silent. The lady lived very comfortably though all of the comfort was at least fifty years old. She appointed John an armchair and Sherlock a sofa on which he laid out, not gratefully, but not ungratefully either. His face throbbed and his ribs ached and his foot was on fire.
Sherlock rubbed his arms and noticed for the first time the remains of adhesive and needle marks on the back of his hand. IV drip at the hospital. He went for his violin and grabbed it with somewhat shaky hands. He lifted it to his shoulder and started playing but he could only draw out one note which he kept sawing at, fingers numb and brain non-compliant.
“Isn't that the standard for Scotland Yard?” he remarked, somewhat absently as he walked around the crate. He was recalling facts about the visit of the corpse's friend. Yes, it had happened in the middle of that slump which involved the strange house and that frustrating book. Sherlock had deciphered parts of it with the help of the abecedary from the house but that had only revealed another layer of decryption. Thus in the end he had no idea of what the contents actually were. He also had no idea why this girl had turned up dead in a box in a nature reserve, either. But he didn't believe in coincidence.
He took off the pillow and put it under his head and closed the laptop. John's arm was still across his chest, and he was still wearing his coat. Well, he'd slept in worse conditions (his room had been next to Mycroft's, after all) so this should pose no problem.
,” Sherlock answered smugly, knowing it was a response John definitely hadn't expected. The confusion on John's face was priceless. “They're stingless eusocial bees from Brazil. I want some.”
“Alien hand syndrome. Likely a combination of the collision causing brain damage that went undiagnosed and post-traumatic stress disorder. The items have all been placed near their original spot, but around your left side, on a horizontal space below your hip. There are no signs of forced entry and neither are there any signs of any paranormal or extraterrestrial activity. Contact your doctor.” With that he turned and headed downstairs for the exit, leaving John to scramble behind him as usual. Upon reaching the street he lit a cigarette and had a blissful first inhalation before it was snatched from his fingers by John who threw it down and ground it out with his heel.
Sherlock scowled a bit. “You saw the marks of strangulation. Did stress do that?” Once again John's medical expertise was underwhelming.
“Oh, Edward,” Alice said with a hint of exasperated amusement. The polyphagic man had been more of a toy to her than a pet or a project. “He was so enthusiastic about joining us but had nothing to offer except his body.”
A horrible feeling washed over Sherlock like a wave, making his heart pound painfully as though it had just restarted. He gasped a little, incredibly relieved, to the point of feeling boneless. “I'm here,” he replied. “Are you all right?”
“Why can't we just watch what happens to them in the rooms?” Sherlock was looking out the window. “That's bound to be more interesting than just getting them out.”
“NO.” John looked up, a furrow between his brows. “One.” He reached up and pressed his fingers under Sherlock's ears, feeling along his jawline for swollen lymph nodes.
Sherlock had expected this, as well. “Because if a man is always hungry and can eat anything he likes, where else would he go?”
“Suspend this,” Sherlock muttered, which made John laugh shortly, tired. “You assumed that because I left this morning it had something to do with the case, which was... not the case.”
Sherlock gave John a look with a raised eyebrow. “You do the same,” he mentioned. “And I'm not the same as you either.”
Sherlock gave him a slight grin and took a sip to determine if the amount of sugar and milk was correct and able to cover the taste of the bitter diner coffee. He nodded to himself after the first mouthful went down and when he looked up again John was watching him with an expression of bemused fondness.
Sherlock went to make tea just to avoid standing in the same room with Mycroft. The largest living organism on Earth was a fungus (
A young woman was standing there, going through a book of samples, but she looked up when Sherlock laid his hand on the counter. First there was the badly hidden cringe when she saw his swollen cheek, and then the ingratiating smile when she noticed John behind him. John had that effect, Sherlock had noticed. When he was alone, people didn't quite know what to make of him, but with John he was automatically slotted in as a part of a couple. It was helpful, and it annoyed John, so it was win-win.
Sherlock leaned the cane against the wall and took out a flick knife, digging the blade into a seam in the wall-paper, tearing it off. “John, light,” he commanded and John came over carefully, pointing a small torch to where Sherlock worked.
he received another text, from Molly. She had the corpse of the man who was suspected of eating the toddler. He had been found dead not far from the hospital.
In fact, and this fact was something Sherlock had a difficult time admitting as actually factual (but he had gone through the normal process of elimination and while it was improbable, it was all that was left), he quite adored John. And adore wasn't even in his vocabulary; he'd heard it on the telly. Then he'd checked it on Wiktionary, and then the OED. Whatever the word meant and whatever Sherlock may (or may not) have felt, he still wanted to throttle John.
“I lied,” John huffed. “You haven't got the monopoly on that, you know. I wanted to give you something to do, and then you do this instead.” He wore a disappointed expression, like an old coat.
John looked up, an array of slight confusion and expectancy on his face. The bags under his eyes were bigger than usual and he wore his clothes ill. He was tired and when John was tired nothing fit him. Coffee gave him heartburn and all his clothes seemed like they were meant for someone of a different size. To Sherlock it was a brilliant example of a person fully inhibiting his body and telegraphing status effects (such as emotional states) through it.
“That's just unnecessary.” Sherlock made a face and had he felt physically better he would have gotten up and left, but he hadn't slept properly in a while and every part of his body seemed to be in pain or residing next to pain.
“Lestrade's just as much a man and a human being as anyone else and a product of this society. Thus he follows certain cultural and social guidelines and patterns discernible to the eye of someone who knows where to look,” Sherlock kept talking as he went down the corridor. John hadn't probably known about Molly and Lestrade and was currently and undoubtedly asking questions about it from her as someone interested in their fellow man would. Sherlock ignored whatever noise they were making behind him because it was unnecessary and uninteresting and strode into the mortuary proper.
“Cold?” Sherlock crawled forward, pushing things aside to get to the break in the floor without also going through it.
The old man continued: “I've no doubt in my mind you would have found me out sooner than later so I decided I'd rather invite you to see my process. Perhaps we could work out the particulars of guilt and punishment.”
With Sherlock and John falling behind the doctor as he led them towards the leftmost building, John walked his elbow into Sherlock's side and shot up a look. Sherlock just shook his head at him. Not now.
The action was involuntary. Sherlock's muscles worked on their own, releasing all that pent energy he had been carrying around. The pillow sailed across the sitting room in a taut arc and landed on John's face with a satisfying thump. Sherlock smiled.
"Ooohf," John grunted, setting his own mostly-full glass down on the floor before wrapping his arms around Sherlock's torso obligingly.  "You're awfully heavy for such a lanky-looking fella," he complained teasingly.
Sherlock's mind supplied helpfully, even as he began calculating the amount of medicated lip balm that John must use every day to prevent chapping from excessive licking.  Sherlock blinked once, as if the gesture would reboot his mental hard drive.  No. The case.  He should be focusing on ways to investigate Sterndale's financial history, not thinking about John Watson's lips and how they might feel against his own.  Sherlock glanced down at his mobile, fully intending to send a message to Mycroft's pet hacker, but before he could do more than tap his thumb against the keypad, John distracted him again.
Sherlock raised a skeptical eyebrow.  "Mycroft mentioned your suspicions of deliberate sabotage.  What proof do you have?"
John blinked several times, his thin lips tightening into a grimace before he shook his head.  "It's nothing…just my sister being difficult.  As usual."
Sherlock swallowed hard, thinking of the damage done and the careers cut short when overzealous owners and trainers continued working their injured mounts.
"No, it's fine."  Sherlock replied, jerking his head sideways in an attempting to realign his focus.  He carefully extended his fingers, then forming a fist.  His arm twinged with the movement, but the pain was a dull throb in contrast to the stabbing ache of earlier.
because he made him sound more endearing, his landlady would have no compunctions about enacting a suitable revenge.  The memory of the capsaicin-laced ginger nuts she'd baked for him as a 'gift' after an unfortunate episode involving an equine brain, her favourite trifle dish and a bottle of chloroform was enough to make him wince with remembered pain.
"Pity," John said.  "I always got a kick out of the free candy.  It was about the only time we got it, well that and the town's annual Easter egg hunt.  Harry would always eat hers so fast she'd get sick.  I'd try and ration mine out so it would last until Christmas."
to carry the risk of significant injury or worse?" Sherlock demanded as he passed the requested item over.
John administered the second jab and stepped back, ready to either scramble out of range, or step forward to help restrain Scotty.  There was a tense few moments before Scotty's agitated movements slowed and he resumed standing more or less quietly, though the state of his eyes and the position of his ears made it clear that he would still be rearing and fighting if it weren't for the chemicals coursing through his system.
"Stop it," Sherlock said firmly as he made deliberate eye contact with the stallion, mimicking the way an older mare might watch a misbehaving yearling.  Devil's Blaze snorted again and lowered his head.  His ears went flat as he pawed at the ground with his right front foreleg in an unmistakable warning.
"Sorry about that!" The speaker, a generously curved Korean woman joked.  The click of her stilettos echoed throughout the room.  "I wanted to make sure that everybody was awake and paying attention for the next part of our program.  I hope you've all enjoyed your Chianti and fava beans," she continued.  "You'll have to pardon our substitution of baked salmon and Chicken Kiev for the main course.  Liver is surprisingly hard for our caterers to come by in sufficient quantities to feed five hundred people!"
John raised and lowered his shoulders, his frustration clear.  "I got a call the other day from a client of mine to stitch up one of her dairy cattle.  She insisted the new heifer she purchased from a stock show at the fairgrounds attacked it for no reason.  Both cows ended up going through the barb wire fence and got pretty torn up.  I noticed that the new heifer's scleras were pretty bloodshot...and she was frothing at the mouth like she'd somehow eaten lupine, or maybe poison hemlock, but I couldn't find any traces in the pen and her owner insisted that all members of the herd had eaten the same thing."
Molly was nursing a cup of coffee and looking at the screen of her mobile, slender fingers tapping busily at the screen.  At the sound of somebody's approach, Molly turned and looked over her shoulder.  When she spotted Sherlock, she smiled, her whole posture visibly brightening.  "Billy!  Hi!" Molly chirped, pushing her chair back and standing up.  "Juana went ahead and made a fresh pot of coffee since it was all gone, and the bread's in the kitchen, so you can make your own toast however dark you want it.  Come on," she continued, gesturing towards the open doorway.
Molly shrugged.  "Well, it makes sense, considering what Ms. Ross's horses cost, not to mention her herds of cattle.  She also has a few people that board their horses here, so that's a liability concern.  If it's somebody who doesn't already have a keycode, they can use the intercom to call up to the office.  It goes to a cell phone so it should always be answered.  That's what the tour groups do."
"Good."  Sherlock heard the huff of suppressed smugness in John's tone.  "That's very good," John continued, his voice going even huskier as he leaned over Sherlock and braced his arms on either side of Sherlock's torso.  His hands sank into the mattress, bringing him even closer.  The pose also allowed the neck of John's shirt to gape just a bit, offering a tantalizing glimpse of John's clavicle and the shadowed vee of his pecs.  "I have to say, I like having you here, in my bed."
Sherlock snorted with more than a trace of irritation as he watched the stallion break into a nervous canter around the round pen.  It made no sense. He'd worked with countless frightened and jumpy horses over the years, but he'd never seen a horse that was so slow to respond to his training techniques.  Nor one that was so...volatile after the effort he’d put into desensitization.  Usually, once a horse got used to the sight and sensation of a lead rope being tossed over their back or wrapped around their legs, it was a fairly straightforward matter to desensitize them to the crack of a rope striking the ground or the flutter of a tarp, but Blaze didn’t.  He responded at the beginning of each session as if he were fighting for his life...and that was still after several weeks of work.
"You a doctor?" Sherlock asked curiously, tilting his head, his face giving no hint that the man currently bandaging his wrist was anything other than a complete stranger.  Not strictly true.  He'd read and re-read the detailed bios Anthea had supplied him with.  Though they didn't give him much insight into John Watson's character, Sherlock already knew his middle name, his birth date and the basic details of his career.  He could also make some preliminary deductions about the man, based on his current body language and actions.
, Sherlock noted, translating the meaning of the oversized engraved and embossed disk of metal with difficulty,
"Whatever you do, Holmes, remember that you are not a police officer," Donovan announced unnecessarily as she led Sherlock down a maze of hallways and staircases and into the bowels of the building several hours later.  She was carrying the box of chemicals that Sherlock had handed her, while Sherlock carried the two insulated carriers containing blood and urine samples from New Scotland Yard, Devil's Blaze, and several other horses from the Triple C.
Sherlock watched with some trepidation as John drank.  There was the chance that John might notice an off taste or some gritty pill residue, but to his relief, John downed most of the contents before politely offering the glass back.  "How about you?  Are you still thirsty?"
Sherlock smirked.  He'd planned his shot carefully, and the only two choices for John would both involve some...creative contortions.  "Are you any good with your right hand, or is just your left?" Sherlock asked archly, tiling his head and deliberately accenting the line of his throat.
The announcer waited for the laughter to die back down before resuming.  “SO YES, OUR RIDERS DON’T NEED THOSE EXTRA TWO SECONDS TO SHOW HOW FABULOUS THEY ARE!” Cheers and whistles signaled agreement.  “Y'ALL MAY ALSO NOTICE THAT COMPETITORS CAN CHOOSE TO HANG ON WITH ONE HAND, OR BOTH—AS LONG AS THEY FINISH THE WAY THEY STARTED.  ONE HAND LOOKS FANCIER, BUT THERE’S A LOT TO BE SAID FOR MANAGING TO STAY ON YER HORSE AND NOT DISLOCATING’’ AN ELBOW OR SHOULDER!”
Sherlock made a mental note to investigate Kitty Riley more thoroughly later.  He'd glanced at her website briefly, but hadn't done much beyond noting the standard, emotionally-laden appeals to 'protect innocent animals from human cruelty' and a large button for viewers to donate.  "Have you shown the letters to the detective in charge of the investigation?"  Sherlock asked aloud.
"Normally not," Mycroft agreed.  "But these aren't ordinary mustangs, Sherlock.  Ms. Ross's specializes in Kigers.  The horse she contacted us about is her prize stud: a purebred Kiger stallion known as 'Devil's Blaze.'"
John blinked as he visibly parsed Sherlock’s words.  His tongue came out to wet his bottom lip.  "Your feet are ticklish, you mean," John translated, his mouth spreading into a slow smile.  His hand flashed out, recapturing Sherlock’s foot and he drew the tip of his index finger lightly up Sherlock’s arch.
It was a combination of a partial truth and a lie.  He fully intended to purchase a gift of some type.  Mrs. Hudson's birthday wasn't until May, which was several weeks away, but with international shipping, it would likely take something that long to arrive at 221A Baker Street.  Saying that he was seeking a birthday gift for his grandmother was also a conveniently endearing excuse, ensuring both a ride from Molly and a reason to return to the fairgrounds without arousing suspicion.  The real risk lay with Mrs. Hudson herself.
"I told you," Sherlock snapped, his tone snide, perhaps annoyed with his inability to thwart her. "I'm breaking in my new boots."
Caught up in his fantasy, Sherlock ghosted his right hand over John’s back, following the dips and curves of his musculature, shivering slightly.  The room’s air conditioning unit was cranked up in defiance of the environment outside, making the room feel chilly against Sherlock’s sleep-warm skin.  Fortunately,John radiated heat like sun-baked rock at dusk, and Sherlock shifted even closer, savouring the warmth.  His hand landed on John’s arse and he indulged himself by giving one cheek a sound squeeze...
, Sherlock's mind supplied as he watched the play of light and shadows over John's strong back.  Sherlock blinked, realizing that the vet was now gazing at him, instead of the horse.  As Sherlock watched, John's tongue came out, a quick, flicking moment as John wet his bottom lip.  John opened his mouth, obviously preparing to ask Sherlock something, when a splash of colour caught Sherlock's eye.  He turned to see the owner of the Triple C striding towards them, her boots kicking up puffs of dust from the dry ground.
"Oh, right, sorry," Molly winced.  "Um, you can set that in the footwell, if it'll give you enough room for your legs?  I'm not used to many passengers.  Feel free to turn on the radio, if you like.  I also have a couple of CDs in the glove box...Glee, Ohio Express, Shania, oh and some Sarah McLachlan if you like her."
bovines approached Sterndale about arranging a bit of murder, with the added bonus of funneling more business Sterndale's way.  Bucking bronco competitions can certainly be a lucrative proposition, but bull riding has a wider following among mainstream audiences, not just locally, but internationally."
John's own gaze was avid, his lips curved into a smile as he took in Sherlock's body.  "Oh god, just look at you, you gorgeous thing," the imaginary John husked, his voice taking on a deeper timbre than the one he used to praise Sherlock's deductions.  He licked his lips, his tongue darting out as if he couldn't wait to taste Sherlock's skin.  "I can't believe that I get to see you like this, stretched out naked across my bed, like a veritable feast for me to devour," John continued, his eyes focusing on Sherlock's chest.  Suddenly he shifted, arms and shoulders bulging as he braced himself above Sherlock's torso.  He dipped his head so he could blow a soft breath of air across Sherlock's peaked nipples; the warmth of John's breath across his flesh barely perceptible amongst the currents caused by the ceiling fan.
"Good.  Then do catch up, John," Sherlock ordered, relief surging through him at the verbal confirmation.  "I'm here, you're here...we're both consenting adults...we're in a relatively private area...surely you can do the maths..."  Sherlock bent forward and let his nose graze John's jawline.  "You smell delectable..." he rumbled, letting his tongue dart out to taste the clean sweat that dewed John's neck, "and you taste like sunlight, John."
"No," Doctor Sterndale said bluntly, tilting his head and giving John a surprisingly intent look.  "Why do you ask?"
“ALLLLLLL RIGHTY, THEN!  DEPENDIN’ ON HOW WELL Y’ALL KNOW YOUR BRONC RIDES, YOU MAY NOTICE SOME DIFFERENCES IN THE RULES!  THE PRCA—THAT’S THE PROFESSIONAL RODEO COWBOYS ASSOCIATION—REQUIRES BRONC RIDES TO LAST EIGHT SECONDS TO QUALIFY.  THE AGRA RULE FOR A QUALIFYING RIDE IS SIX SECONDS.  NOW, YOU MAY THINK THAT TWO SECONDS IS NOTHING, BUT LET ME TELL YOU, THOSE TWO SECONDS CAN BE THE LONGEST TWO SECONDS IN YOUR LIFE!  NOT LIKE BUSINESS TIME!”  The announcer hit some sort of a switch, and a male voice poured out from the loudspeakers crooning about making love; making love for two…making love for two minutes.
It was easy to understand why Lestrade had called John in panic.  The gelding was screaming and rearing inside the box stall, his hooves striking out against anything and everything.  Sherlock could see the broken door hinge that the cowboy had mentioned.  Some quick-witted individual had tied a rope across the stall gate, but it was clear from the way the wood was shaking that it was only a temporary fix.  As it was, pieces of wood were breaking off under the gelding's assault with a sound similar to a rifle's crack.  Bloody lather speckled Scotty's coat and more blood was dripping from his nose and mouth.  His legs were already marred by cuts and more gashes dotted his hide where he'd scraped himself against pieces of broken wood.
"Hi yourself," Sherlock returned, smiling.  He allowed his thumbs to brush slowly against the fabric covering John's hipbones.  "Is this...is this okay?  Are you comfortable?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  He knew that John and his sister didn’t get on, but the unspoken resentment and anger thrumming under the relatively-innocuous words in John’s text spoke volumes.
"Please," Sherlock said, holding himself obediently still as John leaned across the table and brushed gentle fingers across his cheekbones, wiping the excess lotion away.  Sherlock swallowed hard.  His already-warm skin felt like it was on fire.  This close, he could smell the intoxicating blend of John's cologne and clean sweat.  It was a heady combination, bringing to mind his fantasy several weeks ago.
He picked up the clipboard hanging off of the stall door and began skimming through the records.  John's surprisingly neat handwriting alternated with the hurried scrawl of another individual, listing out symptoms, vital stats, medications, and dosages.  The results of the basic drug screens were identical to his own: negative.  Unfortunately, Scotty hadn't been subjected to the extensive battery of tests that Devil's Blaze had.  Whether that was due to time constraints or the limited means of the police department, though, he couldn't tell.  Still frowning, Sherlock looked over to where Lestrade and Donovan had begun arguing in heated undertones.
Sherlock wasn't certain why, exactly, the collie had taken to following him around the ranch, but her presence remained constant.  He wasn't one to assign human behaviors to canines, but both Old Wayne and Candii Ross had commented on the way the collie could frequently be found watching Sherlock from the shade of a nearby barn or tree, or else 'helping' him by sniffing at the clumps of manure and soiled hay he raked free from the stallion's pen.  Bonnie had even taken to invading his cottage  some evenings, keeping Sherlock company on the porch while he smoked and then joining him inside, much to Sherlock's bemusement.
Donovan shook her head.  "Straker was an orphan, and his only brother died in South Africa sometime during the mid-eighties…" Donovan paused to check her notes, "1986, to be exact.  As for girlfriends…nothing long term…just a string of one-night stands.  No kids either.  Candii Ross is really that only one that benefits."
"Ah...no.  Not at all," Sherlock stammered, swallowing hard.  In fact, the only problem that he could foresee was the possibility of an inconvenient erection in public.  Watching John compete via the YouTube videos he'd found had been impressive enough to result in several masturbatory sessions.  The thought of watching John ride in person was enough to make his throat dry with anticipation.
"Sorry, sorry!  I didn't think it would take me so long.  That line was crazy!" Molly exclaimed, her announcement causing John to jerk backwards, away from Sherlock.  "Did you get my limeade?" Molly asked, weaving her way through the crowd packing the tent with ease.  "I'm thirsty.  Also, I hope you like funnel cakes.  I couldn't decide between the red velvet or the cinnamon, so I got one of each," she announced cheerfully as she sat down beside Sherlock.  "Oh John, um hi!" Molly stammered, abruptly registering the other man's presence across the table.  "Uh...sorry.  I didn't see you there."
After three hours of painstaking work, Sherlock finally stood up with a groan.  His back ached and his nose and eyes were burning from the prolonged exposure to ammonia, and he was only seventy-five percent of the way through the bedding.  A stack of sealed bags sat off to one side, mute testimony to his efforts.  Grimacing, Sherlock slowly peeled off his gloves, noting with some surprise that he was alone in the cavernous barn.  A quick check of his phone revealed a flurry of text messages from John.
"Fuck.  What is it?" John asked, his shoulders rigid with sudden tension as he pushed himself up and braced his arms on either side of Sherlock's torso and holding himself there.
"Good."  Mike opened an upper cabinet door and pulled out an extra large bottle of generic Ibuprofen.  He shook out four pills and which he handed to Sherlock, along with a paper cup of water.  "800 milligrams every six hours for the first 24 hours, and then 400 milligrams every 4-6 hours as needed.  Don't take more than that.  It can damage your stomach or intestines.  Understand?"
"There were a couple of guys smoking out front.  One was the one who helped me put Cream Soda up when she really started balking and trying to get free."
John looked up to meet Sherlock’s gaze from underneath his own lowered brows and Sherlock found himself distracted by the eyes themselves.  He squinted to better see them.  Had he been this close to John’s face in halogen light?  The sun made John’s eyes appear to be a shade somewhere between brown and grey, but now, John’s eyes were blue.  Blue.  Dark blue.  Ocean blue.  Night-sky blue.  Or were they green?  Lichen green.  Peat green, and grey, and brown.  The same colours of the Ilkley moor back home in autumn when everything was starting to die back and patches of brown were breaking through the tumbles of shale and limestone…
John's response was a rueful laugh.  "True.  In that case, let's hit the road.  I want to get there early."
"Put your hands up where I can see them," the voice growled, its cadence one of authority that expected to be obeyed.  "Who are you and what the hell are you doing poking around a sealed crime scene?"
"Trying to," Sherlock said sourly, but with a grudging tone of respect.  "My compliments on your choice of password.  I couldn't guess it at all."
The waitress nodded at Sherlock's cup.  "You're sittin' by yourself and you're running on empty," she explained patiently.  "Do. You. Want. Another. Drink?"
Blood samples from the euthanized barrel racing horse in Arizona for comparison purposes would be ideal, but he would have to settle for somehow obtaining copies of the horse's vet records.  Mycroft had promised to send him any available records concerning Melba Toastya's care, but so far, his brother's search had been in vain.  The vet responsible for the animal's care had vanished shortly before the inquest had been launched and hadn't been seen since.
John raised both eyebrows and have Sherlock a frankly skeptical look.  "Considering that I just saw you voluntarily climb into a pen with a lethal animal—without backup, I'll add—I'd say that point's debatable."
"Yes," Sherlock snapped, pushing on John's shoulders in an effort to get John to rise up and give him some room to work.
Molly didn't look fully convinced, but when Sherlock bit his bottom lip and gave her a purposely shy smile, her lips reluctantly curved in response.  "I hate to say this, Billy, but you're a lot more enlightened than maybe seventy-five percent of the cowboys on the rodeo circuit."
to happen, but it didn’t hurt, he thought as he continued digging through the pack.  He found some spare latigo straps, an extra saddle bronc rein, a padded, protective vest, leather gloves, a roll of athletic tape, and a few other odds and ends, but that was it.
Oh, it was better than Christmas.  John smelled of leather, rosin, clean sweat, and musky arousal.  Sherlock ran his hands up John’s legs, savouring the feel of warm leather under his palms, before reaching around to take a double-handed grip on John’s arse and
Sherlock nodded his understanding.  He was aware that some budget-minded politicians in England sought to reduce the number of mounted officers, citing the high overhead costs of training, veterinary bills, stabling and feed.  It didn't surprise him to learn that the mentality persisted in the United States as well.  "What all is involved in their training?" Sherlock asked, subtly redirecting the conversation.  "Is it at all like what horses utilized as therapeutic mounts go through?"
Sherlock tilted his head, studying John's compassionate expression and the proudly-cared-for buckle on his belt.  The signs of an adrenaline-addicted hero complex in the vet's bearing were obvious; the blond man had come running at least thrice to render aid to a stranger in need, heedless of the injuries a wrathful or frightened equine could inflict.  But his touch when he'd examined Sherlock and the gelding from earlier had been gentle, indicative of a highly compassionate nature.
They played another few rounds, trading the lead back and forth.  They were tied at one hundred and twenty-three points when John scratched.
have lunch two hours ago," Sherlock objected weakly, only to 'ooph' in surprise when Molly gently shoulder-chucked him in the diaphragm.
"That's good," John muttered, more to himself than Sherlock as he exchanged the charcoal for several bottles of sterile saline solution.  "Next question.  Is he run—"
"No," John replied, shaking his head emphatically and holding up his hands in surrender.  "No, no, that is not what I meant.  At all.  Calm down, alright?  I thought you were joking, because you're, well..."
“I’ve done some things that could easily have been considered unforgivable—" Sherlock admitted under John and James' suddenly rapt gazes.  "Far worse than being prejudiced against someone for their sexual orientation.  I did them for love.  I did them because I couldn't stand the thought of those I'd decided to protect being hurt, or tortured, or killed because I wasn't clever enough, or brave enough, or observant enough, or too arrogant to keep them safe.  In a sense, it worked: none of the people I Fell for died...but that didn't mean they didn't get hurt and suffer as a result of my own stupidity." Sherlock paused to swallow hard, thinking of what Lestrade had said about having to take away John's gun.  If Lestrade hadn't, then all of Sherlock's efforts to protect the man he loved would have been for naught.  "To my eternal gratitude, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and—most importantly, John—all saw fit to give me another chance despite my incredible folly.  It's been almost five months since you've last seen Angela.  I will not force you to see her.  You don't even have to accept anything from her if you don't want to.  But...speaking from the past experience of someone who was once convinced that the person I cared for most in the world hated me and that I had destroyed my chances of ever having
Beer finished, John swiped the back of his left hand across his lips and leaned down to set the bottle in the dirt by his boots. With a sigh, he rose and braced the bottom of his left boot on the bottom rail, boosting himself up with an easy movement until he was sitting on the rail, his hips level with Sherlock’s shoulders.
"Fair enough," Sherlock returned with a nod.  "Let me rephrase: why do you have such suspicions?  In your own time, but preferably quite quickly."  Sherlock set his elbows on the chair's armrests and steepled his fingers together.  He would have leaned back, but the brim of the ridiculous hat he was still wearing prevented it.
It was also probable that the lurker had been somebody completely new.  It was a line of thought that circled neatly back to the theory he’d proposed to Donovan early on, namely that Candii Ross was the
"Of course, that might also be because he's probably spent more time on two feet than four for the past week, when he's not running circles around the paddock."
Sherlock blinked rapidly.  He'd anticipated homophobia, but he hadn't expected it to be quite so...entrenched.  Or crass.  "That is scientifically unsound," Sherlock complained.  "Surely people aren't actually stupid enough to believe an idiotic theory devised by a desperate, sexually-depraved moron?"
“I’d add a cinnamon roll or two, just to be safe,” the waitress replied drily.  “Luisa does them up special here, with candied pecans and Dulce de Leche on top.”
"Ah...right.  That makes sense."  John blew out a breath.  Sherlock could almost imagine him rubbing the back of his neck and licking his lips.  "I...er...know you're busy, but do you think you might have time at some point to take a quick look?  I'd really appreciate it.  "
"You're staring," John pointed out, a questioning expression on his face.  "Do you...see something you like?"
"No."  A lie.  Cooking was just chemistry.  He was nowhere near as accomplished as his older brother, but it wasn't an especially challenging pastime for a genius...provided he kept himself from being distracted during the process.  It had taken the cleaners ages to get the smell of burned Bouillabaisse out of the flat.  "Generally I leave cooking to the professionals."  Truth, though in reality, it was simply more convenient to over-pay the rent on his flat and guilt Mrs. Hudson into supplying him regular meals on the rare occasions where he was home for any extended length of time and didn't feel like bothering with carryout.
“The piece he possessed was approximately fifteen centimetres wide and twenty-five long with a long tapering end, obviously having been torn off a wall by hand.” He demonstrated the movement with his right hand, grasping the air and pulling down. “He had worked as a building renovator before being retired and one of the last places he'd worked at was an old house being turned into smaller flats. There was a big room at the top floor, just under the roof, with a hardwood floor that had been scored all over as if heavy furniture had been moved around a lot. The walls were bare except for this one scrap of wall-paper which was so odd that he went and tore it off immediately, and then kept it.”
Sherlock felt he owed no response to that, John was familiar with his stance on boredom and human life and it didn't require further elaboration. “Lestrade contacted the landlord for the property and found out no one was living in the top floor flat at the moment. He explained to us that three of the five suicides that had happened on that property had been in that flat.”
“Imagine that.” John yawned (pointedly), but Sherlock wasn't a social animal so it didn't catch. “What's next?”
Sherlock realised he'd been rubbing his lips against John's stubble and pulled back a bit. “You haven't shaved for two days.”
John groaned, deep and long. He was only a shadow by the flickering fire, occasionally moving to tip more fuel into it. “O-of all the things you'd want to discuss...” he sighed. “Wall-paper can only drive a person mad figuratively.”
“Oh, obviously.” John followed. “Can we stop for breakfast? I mean, we're going to have to wait for Lestrade, aren't we? People still live in that place, we can't just kick down the doors and demand to... I don't even know what we're going to demand.”
“I GET IT, for God's sake.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. It was a desperately ridiculous title and people (Sherlock) would make fun of it, and John, for days to come.
Just as his question may have surprised John, John's admission surprised Sherlock. The way he said it and the way he took Sherlock's arm, as well as his expression all conveyed ownership of a kind. No one had ever claimed him like this before and neither had John ever claimed their relationship so strongly. Because despite everything Sherlock still expected John to skirt the line with their relationship and eventually drop it for a woman of some sort.
Sherlock grinned and stood up, carefully folding the parchment into a pocket in the lining of his coat. He'd be happy to give John all the rest he wanted in exchange for this. “Fine,” he said. “We'll pick this up when you come back.”
“All things considered, the jam's probably one of the better things you could've brought,” John admitted. His voice was tired. It wasn't a surprise. Sherlock frowned. It wasn't particularly late but it had been a long day, part of which had been spent submerged in far too cold water. If Sherlock allowed himself he could also feel a weariness tugging on his bones and muscles, making the heated blanket and the bed very comfortable to lie on right now.
"It was something green," Sherlock insisted, waving one hand as if he could pluck the thought from thin air. "But the specifics escape me."
"No," Molly shook her head.  "They're fine, but thanks for asking anyway."  She exhaled, allowing a bit of her frustration to bleed through.  "I'm just trying to find Joe Straker," she explained.  "Tall, skinny black man?  Head trainer for the Triple C?  He's late and we've got stock to load before the storm hits.  Have you seen him?"
Roughly three-fourths of the stalls had nameplates affixed to the doors and Sherlock raised a silent eyebrow as he read some of the monikers: Speedy, Cabaret, (somebody had scrawled 'Cabbie' underneath), Pink Lady Apple...Bluebell... Midnight Blue Serenity...Buckingham 'Bucky' Palace...
John giggled, rubbing his nose against Sherlock's knee.  "Listening to you enjoy yourself was so fucking hot, I came in my pants like a damn teenager.  Stay there okay?  I’d hate to make you move when you are so clearly blissed out."  John pressed another affectionate kiss to Sherlock’s thigh and then levered himself off his knees.  "Budge over," John ordered, giving Sherlock’s hip a helpful nudge so John could perch on the very edge of the seat.  Reaching into the glove compartment, John pulled out two spare, clean bandanas, an empty plastic bag, a small pair of scissors and a small plastic bottle of water.  John disposed of the used condom in the plastic bag and cracked the cap on the bottle, using the tepid liquid inside to wet both bandanas down.  He wiped Sherlock’s limp penis clean and dry with careful attention and tucked everything away first, before attacking his own button and zip.
"And why am I even arguing with a dog?" Sherlock scolded himself as he bent down to comply.  "It's not as if you can even comprehend English, let alone answer me.  At least Billy the Skull doesn't demand belly rubs in exchange for listening to me speak."  Sherlock gave Bonnie a final, vigorous scratch before straightening up, trying not to groan at the ache in his knees and back.  He had several more hours of work to get done before John arrived.
Perhaps not the most elegant of manners, Sherlock observed distantly, but it was clear that Donovan was a woman accustomed to having to eat in a hurry, consuming whatever options of nourishment—if the Texas version of a sausage butty could be considered nourishment—were available.  He opened his mouth, preparing to bombard Donovan with demands for updates, but Donovan held up a hand, forestalling Sherlock's barrage of questions.
Something flashed in Donovan's eyes, approval of his somewhat devious skills, perhaps?  Regardless, it wasn't relevant.  He didn't need Donovan's approval, only her cooperation.
Sherlock blinked.  He'd wondered what Simpson was seeking, but he hadn't expected the man to be quite so blatant.  "Sharing inside information about horses for gambling purposes?  Isn't that...illegal?" Sherlock asked doubtfully, biting his bottom lip, aware that Simpson was watching him closely.
Sherlock tipped his head, not quite certain if John was being serious, or merely taking the piss, the way so many others had.  "You...do realize you're saying that aloud?"
He watched as James ripped off the outer paper and opened the box itself.  As anticipated, James pulled out two, brightly wrapped items that were clearly identifiable as books, a dark blue card envelope, (birthday card) a red card envelope, (Christmas card), and a thick, cream-coloured stationery envelope labeled 'Open me first'.  The gifts and cards were set to one side before James slit the cream-coloured envelope open, per the written instructions.  It contained several, handwritten pieces of folded stationery (the ink had bled through to the back) revealing elegant, slanted handwriting.  A teacher’s handwriting.  Several photographs were apparently tucked inside, because they fell out when James unfolded the letter.  James glanced at them, before likewise tucking them off to the side.  James met Sherlock’s curious gaze for a brief moment before turning his attention to the handwritten pages.
.  No mention of his conflict with Doctor Sterndale, no mention of him being hired by Ms. Ross as Doctor Sterndale's replacement.  He'd have to ask then.  "What about Ms. Ross's other vet, Doctor Sterndale?  What are your impressions of him?"
"Yeah.  Me too.  We can keep it early.  No problem.  Would Monday work?  I'm not getting back until late Sunday."
Sherlock rolled his eyes in frustration before tipping his face down so he could stare intently into John’s bright gaze.  “Do.  You.  Ride.  Again.  Tonight?”
, Billy, and I still think you're smarter than me.  You start talking about something, and I can just see your brain going at warp speed.  Your voice changes a bit when you get distracted—it goes a bit British.  I can almost imagine you spending hours reading books like 'The Secret Garden' and pretending you're Dickon the animal charmer, or Albert and his war horse, Joey.  I've seen you working with Blaze—it's unbelievable, what you're able to do with him.  Nobody else could be that clever.  And then there's all these little tidbits you let slip about your family and your home.  It makes me incredibly curious, because you're a puzzle and a walking contradiction, and by
John removed his cowboy hat and rubbed at the back of the neck, a flush darkening his cheeks and throat.  "We could do a restaurant, if you really wanted to, but I'm er, kinda filthy.  Plus, I don't smell that great," John said self-deprecatingly, gesturing at his muddy jeans.  "There's a couple of good food trucks around here.  How would you feel about grabbing something to go and then taking it to a park to eat?  Or, if you don't mind a detour, we could swing by my place and I could do a quick rinse-off and we could go to dinner afterwards?"
"Hey Billy!  Where are you?  Alice and I are back with the wraps and the spare bucking straps," Edith's voice came, slightly echoey from the hallway.  "Did you finish the feeding?"
John promptly aspirated his drink.  Still coughing, John could only listen in horror as Sherlock.  Kept.  Talking.
come prepared."  He set his medical kit down on the table with a thump, opened the lid and begin rooting around inside.  Curious, Sherlock leaned forward to study the contents.  Various medications and supplies were neatly arranged in trays.  Smaller containers were neatly stacked in the bottom, each filled with packets of sterile needles, gauze, adhesive strips and swabs.  There was an aerosol can of disinfectant, and another of some sort of topical analgesic.  With a soft crow of victory, John pulled the sun cream free from its slot and passed it over.
").  He needed unrestricted access to the crime scene and he didn't need to be arrested (again) for "
"I'd...turned to swap out the curry comb for the body brush and that's when she kicked at me.  I immediately shouted 'NO!' and smacked her with the handle of the brush."
In the middle of the street, a harried-looking squad of armed police officers, (three mounted and the rest on foot) were enforcing a barricade comprised of yellow police tape and orange traffic cones.  Periodically, one of the counter-protesters would begin to approach the border, only to be ordered to back away by one of the cops.  Sherlock rolled his eyes in contempt as he exchanged John's binoculars for his phone.  The police barricade was a mere symbol of authority, nothing more, and he was highly skeptical of what the officers hoped to accomplish if the two sides did make a serious move towards each other.  Even if the police did opt to deploy firearms against an unarmed civilian population, the Battle of Isandlwana had aptly demonstrated, 'superior' firepower was worthless if the disparity of the opposing force was large enough.  Even by an extremely conservative estimate, the counter-protesters outnumbered the bigots by a good five to one.
"Are you implying I smell bad?" Sherlock asked archly, one dark eyebrow winging upward, purposely schooling his features to hide the unexpected, and surprisingly annoying surge of lust now surging through his disobedient transport.
"Give me a minute to catch my breath and then let me return the favor," Sherlock rumbled, deliberately banishing thoughts of Mycroft from his mind before they could impact his arousal and focusing on John instead.
The room was beige.  Beige walls, beige carpeting, accented with a beige ceiling and beige lighting fixtures.  It wasn’t a home, Sherlock decided, the way that Mrs. Hudson’s flat was her home.  John’s flat--apartment, Sherlock corrected himself, was simply a place to sleep and perhaps store a few possessions that were too valuable for sentimental reasons to entrust to a storage unit.  What furniture he could see was cheap, second hand mass-produced pine.  The sort of thing one would pick up at a thrift store.  The same as the curtains and kitchen dishes he’d seen thus far.  Whatever John was doing with his money, it obviously wasn’t spent on his surroundings.
James smiled at that, but then looked down and his lap, his fingers fidgeting nervously under the fabric of the throw.  “Maybe...but I still feel guilty that I didn’t stand up to her earlier to defend you—”
John shook his head.  "Not really.  Even though I'm discharged, my brain still hasn't adjusted back to a civilian sleep schedule."  He reached up and rubbed the back of his neck, before giving her a self-deprecating smile.  "Rather handy for a vet, to be honest…but enough about me.  You look upset and you obviously aren't here for casual conversation…is something wrong with one of your horses?"
John turned around, his intent to tell the medic to piss off readily apparent on his face when Mike Stamford walked in carrying an orange trauma bag in one hand.  Sherlock could see Stamford taking in the entire situation at a glance before he stepped forward with a genial smile that creased his round face.
"Fear, aggression...panic," Sherlock relayed Lestrade's answer, watching John deftly fill the tool box with an assortment of wrapped syringes, tranquilizers and other medications.
"You mean the way some jockeys do by drinking vinegar, taking diuretics or herbal supplements, flushing their system by drinking excessive amounts of water or Lucozade?  Or, better yet, employing the use of a Whizzinator or taping a vial of clean urine to the inside of their groin to keep it at body temperature before trying to pass it off as their own?"  Sherlock asked.  He recognized the reasoning behind Donovan's questions.  They weren't stupid by any means; he'd already considered the same scenario himself.  At Donovan's nod, Sherlock shrugged.  "To answer your questions, the answers are highly unlikely, no, and possibly." At the dual expressions of confusion, Sherlock sniffed once before beginning to explain.  "At competitions, samples are collected using a specially designated kit provided by the controlling authorities to prevent tampering.  Each sample is assigned a unique number that does not allow the lab to identify the horse it came from.  The paperwork identifying which number is assigned to which horse is kept separate and secured, making it impossible for a trainer or owner to tell the specimens apart or tamper with them even if they did somehow get access.  Now, that is at the performance level.  For a rural vet?  Especially if he or she was in charge of both collection and interpretation of the results?  Substitution of a contaminated sample for a clean one would be child's play."
"Oh, the Cape buffalo, easily," Sterndale replied, his voice taking on the tone of an enthusiast.  "There is a reason why they are called 'Black Death'.  They are extremely aggressive, even compared to the average rodeo bull.  They are also much, much bigger.  A fully-grown Cape buffalo bull can weigh upwards to nine hundred kilograms, compared the average rodeo bull, which might weigh around eight hundred kilograms, at the largest."
"Don't be stupid, John," Sherlock huffed, too intent on keeping his grip on Scotty's halter to bother censoring himself.  "It's perfectly obvious.  If it was a simple nosebleed, there would be blood coming from one nostril, not both.  Bleeding from both nostrils is one of the classic symptoms of an EIPH.  His blood pressure must have been fantastically high to produce such an response."
"You've hardly touched your lemonade.  Too sour?  Wanna trade?" John asked around the straw in his mouth.
Pulling out his mobile, Sherlock took multiple shots of the stall itself for evidence, before settling down to perform a closer, visual examination.  He focused his attention on the boards of the stall door first.  It was the most obvious point for sabotage, being the side that faced the barn's aisle.
"Ah, weekend, please," John replied after a quick glance at Sherlock and receiving a firm nod in return.
Sherlock looked over.  Edith had her hands full with a mare that was throwing her head up in agitation.  It was clear from the mare's wide eyes that she was about two seconds from bolting.  Sherlock didn't wait for Alice to reopen the gate, he just vaulted over the metal fence and hurried back to the trailers to help.
," Sherlock read aloud, his gaze flicking back to Molly's profile.  "Interesting choice in light reading for a lady ranch hand.  Are they actually yours?"  His tone was deliberately skeptical, designed to provoke Molly into correcting him.
Sterndale reached up and ran his left hand—the one that wasn't holding the mug—over his mouth before dropping it back at his side.  "Two reasons," he began, and then paused for a long moment.  "One was, as was previously mentioned—his attempt to gain inside information about bulls that he could use when placing his bets.  Quite unethical of him."
Lestrade, it read.  Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he mentally cross-referenced the name, insignia and what he could observe against the list of names and information Mycroft had supplied him with.
Donovan had mentioned the cowhand in passing as someone who was at the scene around the time Straker was probably killed.  Sherlock had initially agreed with her assessment of an intoxicated cowhand being a poor witness, but the reason Ned Hunter had given for not drinking Jim Beam was making him rethink things.  Hunter’s claims that he never drank Jim Beam because gave him diarrhoea wasn’t something that had made it into the police report, but the detail, as small and personal as it was, added a bit of credence to Hunter’s claims that he’d been set up to take the fall for something or someone else.
With an angry jerk, he reached down and pulled the dark purple, crocheted afghan Mrs. Hudson had tucked around his feet earlier up and over his shoulders for warmth as he hunched deeper into the sofa's cushions.  The flat was chilly, despite the fact that Mrs. Hudson had lit a fire in the grate.  She’d also plied him with hot tea and fresh scones earlier in a futile effort to jolly him out of his current sulk.  Outside, the rain was pissing down in a steady drizzle punctuated with the occasional, window-rattling gust, much to the misery of the city's pedestrians and countless tourists.
Taking his umbrella by the handle, Mycroft swung the tip up in a jaunty arc to rest the pole against his left shoulder.  He left the unlocked attaché case on the floor at his feet.  "I'll leave the rest for you, shall I?" Mycroft drawled, making his way to the door at the same sedate pace he'd used when he'd first entered Sherlock's flat.  "I would stay longer, but I do have other duties I need to attend to.  Please do give my regards to Mrs. Hudson.  Good morning."
"Yeah?" John growled, breathing hard, "well turnabout is fair play.  I've been fantasizing about your mouth for
The clamor of barking dogs, sharp whistles and the ringing tone of metal gates being slammed shut increased as they approached.  Coils of rope, buckets, thick power cables and hoses crisscrossed the ground, presenting innumerable potential tripping hazards.  Sherlock spent a moment studying the different logos and brands stamping of the assortment of transport trailers parked nearby.  Several of the names were familiar; parties that Candii Ross mentioned she considered rivals, but his focus was quickly disrupted by the booming voice that greeted them.
"Are you trying to butter me up, or are you honestly curious?" Lestrade demanded suddenly, causing Sherlock to blink in surprise and mentally revise his private estimation of the police captain's intelligence upward again.  People seldom called him on his playacting, assuming they were intelligent enough to recognize it in the first place, Mrs. Hudson being the exception.
“Smartass,” John grumbled, but there was no real heat behind it.  He donned his hat.  Scrubbing both hands over his face John blew out a troubled breath.  “Right...so...yeah.  Cattle-like horses-are herd animals-”
"These are shotgun style chaps made out of buckskin—not so popular around here since most riders prefer the durability of cow or bison leather and the flash of fringe and ornamentation," the man explained.  "Plus they're a one-of-a-kind item; a guy commissioned them last year as a gift—put the deposit down and everything, but he never came back to pick them up.  They've been sitting around taking up space for months because nobody else wants to buy them.  If they fit and you want them, I'll give you a discount."
Molly shrugged dismissively.  "Well I'm glad you agreed to take a break and come explore with me like you promised, at least.  It's nice, having somebody to chat with."
"No problem.  I'll see you then," John agreed.  Sherlock could hear the relief in his voice.  "Oh," John added abruptly, before Sherlock could hang up.  "Let me give you my cell number in case something comes up and you need to call me.  Do you have a pen handy?"
"Ignore him," Donovan ordered, giving Brenda an encouraging smile.  "Do you recall who uploaded the clip to EquestriaGurlz?  And why?"
"Christ no!  That's not it at all!" John looked horrified at Sherlock's question, easily taking the bait.
"Do hangups happen often?" Sherlock asked, casting back through his mind for anything relevant in the research he’d done.
John groaned.  “Billy, the chances of us finding an affordable room to rent nearby are slim to none.”
"—ll are you?  I know it's late, but this's an emergency.  We need you at the fairgrounds, STAT.  Will you come?"
"If you don't mind," Sherlock replied, forcing himself to add a smile he didn't feel.  "I'm thinking about taking a shower since you mentioned it...clean up a bit and all."
"Hardly," Sherlock said with a shrug as he pulled the seatbelt across his chest and fastened it, his eyes noting John's muddy jeans and the dried sweat stains on the neckline of the tee-shirt John wore underneath his chambray overshirt.  John had recently applied cologne—likely in a bid to make himself smell more presentable—but the spicy, artificial scent did little to disguise the tang of sweat, dust and worse that permeated the close air of the Humvee's cabin.
"What's wrong?  Where are you going?" Sherlock demanded, dropping a hanger so he could push the curtain aside enough to stick his head out.
"If you're discussing decapitation, I have a few candidates I'd volunteer," Kate chimed in, still typing.
Sherlock frowned in hurt puzzlement as he watched John exchange a few terse words with the burly shopkeeper before stalking away.  What had set John off?  John wanted to win; he knew John could use the money to pay down his debts.  He'd thought he was being helpful by suggesting what foods would provide the best nutritional benefits, but the way John was reacting made it clear that his perfectly logical suggestions had not been appreciated.  He knew John admired his genius; John had said so repeatedly, so where had he gone wrong?
"Sherlock, what is this bloody mess about?" Mrs. Hudson demanded, eyes watering at the concentrated stench filling the kitchen.  Giving up, she fished a perfumed hanky from her dress pocket and clamped it over her nose and mouth.
Sherlock looked up from the small tarp he was shaking out to see Candii Ross approaching from the direction of the main barns.  She had one hand tucked into a pocket, while her other hand slowly tapped the clipboard she was carrying against her thigh as she walked.  When she was close enough, Sherlock narrowed his eyes, attempting to read text on the papers, but gave up after a moment.  The words were too small to make out, but based on the spacing and colour of the paper itself, it was almost certainly some sort of calendar or rotation schedule.  Irrelevant.  Bonnie, meanwhile, rose from her spot in the shade and wandered over to greet her mistress, plumed tail wagging.
"Oh, I don't know," the rodeo clown yelled sarcastically, moving even further back, the dog still trapped in his hat.  "Maybe it's because nothing quite motivates you like almost two tons of angry bull charging at you?"
"Dick," John grumbled.  Despite the words, there was no real ire in John's voice, just a sense of resigned acceptance.  "Well, in that case, you can carry my medkit too," John ordered, tossing the red nylon over-the-shoulder bag in Sherlock's direction before hoisting the military rucksack on his own back.
"OHJESUSFUCKINGCHRIST!" John howled as Sherlock firmly pressed his fingertips against the nub of tissue while simultaneously swallowing around John's cock and taking it to the root.  John's hips bucked violently and it was all Sherlock could do not to slam his nose against John's pubic bone.  He pulled back slightly but didn't release his prize.  Instead, he continued to rub his tongue against the bottom of John's shaft, gentling him through the aftershocks until a grunt of complaint and an uncoordinated hand wave indicated that John had had enough.
"You're shameless," Sherlock halfheartedly scolded as the collie nosed his hand.  She barked again before bounding forward, her magnificently plumed tail waving in the wind.  Sherlock could see pieces of straw caught in her fur; they'd need to be brushed out later, lest they contaminate his bed.
John sighed.  "Because being a size too big means that if something happens and I get caught up in a stirrup, or something, my boot will come off so I don’t end up being dragged around the arena."
Unfortunately, there were plenty of other damning files on John's computer, starting with the spreadsheet tracking the names, breeders, and owners of multiple high-ranking bulls.
"John, please!" Sherlock begged, breathing hard, his transport already producing endorphins in response to his archived memories of just how unbelievably
There weren’t individual, printed programs available, but the multi-directional, overhead signage was helpfully displaying the event’s schedule on a scrolling display: Bareback Riding, followed by Steer Wrestling, Team Roping, Saddle Bronc, Tie-Down Roping, Barrel Racing, and concluding with Bull Riding.  The larger screens below were slowly cycling through pages listing each division’s entrants.  There were only ten slots per event.  Sherlock had been puzzled by the relative smallness of each division compared to the number of athletes he’d seen in the infirmary, but a quick search on his phone had provided an explanation.
"Why do you ask?" Sherlock returned, caught off guard both by John's question and the abrupt halt to their grueling march.
"Yeah.  Okay," John agreed, his shoulders relaxing.  "We'll do that, then.  So..uh...what sounds good?"
been shot somewhere else.  "Am I supposed to believe that bull-riding was a previously-sedate pastime?"
“Hmmmmm,” Sherlock rumbled, tilting his throat back to grant John better access, struggling to toe off his boots as he did so.  His awkward sprawl on the bed made it difficult to do so, but he eventually managed.  Boots were followed quickly by socks, making him grateful for his tenancy to practice picking up things with his toes.  “You are entirely overdressed,” Sherlock complained suddenly, desperate to touch without the barrier of fabric between their skin.  Deft fingers reached up and began unbuttoning John’s plaid button-down.   The fabric parted with a whisper, revealing smooth skin and sculpted muscles.  With a groan, Sherlock smoothed his palms greedily over the bared flesh, causing John to huff in ticklish bemusement.
Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock began mentally replaying Brenda's question against the reports and photos he'd already studied.  He'd pointed out the broken tie rope and the defensive wounds the mare had sustained to Donovan, as well as voicing his suspicions that something had frightened or angered Cream Soda.  While unlikely, it was possible that the mare was simply extremely barn-sour (he'd have to inquire).  He knew from his Work that some equines panicked whenever they were placed in a strange stall, but it would be an unusual behavioral issue for a horse that traveled extensively.  In light of the negative rabies test and the lack of abuse evidence, drugs or poison were the most likely explanation for Cream Soda's behavior, but what if there was more to it than that?
"Because Straker had a flair for spotting sleepers—ordinary bulls with the potential to become rankers.  It was downright uncanny how he managed to horn in on the biggest upsets of a season."
“I'm going to need that, so please don't take it with you,” Molly said quietly, though she did nothing to stop him and she wouldn't stop him even if he actually did take it.
“Brilliant,” Sherlock breathed, then coughed because of the upset dust and rust particles, and when he inhaled a dull, putrid smell assaulted his olfactory senses. He could tell apart the remains of hydrogen sulphide and methane in the air, typical of biotic decomposition gases. The identification of good and bad smells was a socio-cultural product, and Sherlock had never learned any product of societal or cultural effect particularly well. He thought of chemicals first.
But because of this single expression Sherlock was ready to crumple into bed and let John have his way about sleeping if nothing else. His head wasn't buzzing as loudly. If his brain was a beehive then most of the bees were asleep and he could hear the individuals dancing up information. Peaceful. Enlightening.
“What do you want,” Sherlock inquired with all due disinterest. Mycroft had been looking at the manuscript.
On their way back to the laboratory that had jump-started their day earlier John leaned closer to Sherlock and said: “You were right.”
the difference between right and wrong are selected by a group and thus vary across several groups. That means there are no moral absolutes and that moral absolutism as a stance is irrational and irrelevant. At best the morality of an act is dependent on the consequences of said act.”
“…It wasn't interesting enough,” he said and Molly's disappointment rose to palpable levels. No shock, just utter disappointment.
“One and a half?” Sherlock said, to which John snorted and made sure the nicotine patches were still in his pocket and not stolen by Sherlock.
She chuckled a little, closing her eyes for a bit. “Yes, it is. From my own plantation.” She put her cup down carefully on its saucer. “But let's forget the pleasantries, shall we, Sherlock? I feel as though I know you already. After all, I spoke to you at length this morning.”
“Interrogation, risk assessment, where else?” Sherlock replied. “However, a more appropriate question would be 'why,' John.”
“John,” Sherlock said, not having really listened. There were people behind them, watching. Sherlock stepped away from the stove and struck a pose. “Pull the stove out,” he commanded.
“Hey. Hey…” John quickly put his cup aside and snatched Sherlock's away before he spilt it. Then he placed his hands on the sides of Sherlock's face and held him in orbit.
“John, you are a free man, you can work that case on your own instead of trying to force it down my throat. In fact, why don't you ring the Metropolitan police to look into it?”
“This is ridiculous. You'll never solve the case without me, not with the logic-impaired people you have on it!”
“Ascariasis if dog feces has gotten into the water,” he heard John say, though very faintly. The hoard walls were very good sound barriers. After that Sherlock heard nothing from John, just the shifting, sliding, skittering, scratching, scraping of the barriers enclosing him.
“Guess I don't.” John shrugged a little and let his hand fall away from Sherlock's face. Sherlock felt ambivalent about this. On one hand he didn't like his face being touched, on the other... John.
“I solved it. I don't have to be involved in the aftermath. Or did you want me to officially diagnose her as well?” Sherlock pouted. He'd really wanted it to be more. He'd wanted ghosts or demons or even aliens. Or anything
