Bucky listed Natasha as his second-hand when it came to looking after Peter at night, because of how well Peter and Natasha got along during the day. If there was ever a time that Bucky was unavailable,
Steve paused at this, and Tony went on as he does.
She whipped around to face him, a tear falling down her cheek. "That's enough... You should leave now, before I hurt you." She said quietly, and he laughed softly.
"Mr. Stark, that's enough!"
"We have to operate under the assumption that they're returning to the host bodies, which is a whole lot of trouble for the rest of us. I don't know if we've got the juice to get rid of them, especially at the same time."
"I can't! He- He helped me! He was there! What are they going to do to him?"
He let out a somewhat angry sigh and picked up the pace, barely making it past the cutoff for Stark's censors before the systems switched back on... That was too fucking close, Christ Wade, pay more attention, will you? The whole plan is on you. Win or lose, it's your fault... If anyone gets busted, they'll find some way to pin it all on you.
"Yeah, something like that. Superhuman healing abilities. Shoot him, heals right up. Rip a limb off? Grows right back."
"Buck this isn't you anymore. It's time to go. Let him go." He stepped up to Bucky and stood behind him, sliding his hand up his chest and settling it over his heart. He slid his other hand along Bucky's metal arm until their fingers touched. "Let him go, Buck."
He told the girls to follow him as he scooped Peter up. They all went up to Peter's room where Wade put Peter in the tub, still fully dressed. He turned to the girls after that and gave MJ specific instructions to go upstairs, go into the apartment, go into the middle dresser drawer and get some of Natasha's clothes to wear for now, and to shower while they were up there. He also warned them that if anything else was touched, they'd be in big trouble and that they were to come straight back downstairs once they were finished.
Peter blushed as he slid his hands up Wade's chest before leaning up to kiss him. Wade leaned back from the kiss, playfully protesting that there couldn't be kisses on Christmas without mistletoe... Then he revealed that he'd stolen the mistletoe from upstairs and Peter laughed and asked where it should be hung.
Bucky more than certainly got an earful once Steve and Natalia arrived at the hospital. Rather than just one of them getting onto him, they both did, and they weren't exactly gentle about it. They got onto him for being so reckless, for not letting them come as back up, for getting injured, and more importantly (apparently) getting Peter injured.
It would take him a long time to get over this, but at this moment, he had people with him and he would take that.
Tony walked right up to him and was about to hug him for the first time ever when he saw the irritated burn peeking above his collar. The skin hadn't even begun to heal properly yet, which meant Tony absolutely had to intervene. Luckily, Tony Stark knew how to keep hospitals quiet, especially after all the visits he'd had. Sure, hospitals already had confidentiality rules, but Tony needed to make sure that not a single word about him was going to be breathed to the public.
Peter takes a breath. "After... Like right after. There wasn't a whole lot of time in between.."
Meanwhile, back in Brooklyn, Tony was finally leaving Steve's apartment and heading home to Pepper. Steve knew now that Tony didn't know that Bruce was in with Hydra, and he kept it so that Tony didn't find out from him anyways. Steve waited until Tony was out of sight before calling Bucky again.
Steve kissed him gently and slid his fingers beneath Bucky's shirt. He could feel the risen scars along his skin, and he didn't know which ones were obtained in battle and which ones were self-inflicted. Steve wasn't sure he wanted to know the difference.
The sudden appearance of another person is enough to make Peter jump. The last time someone snuck up on him like that he was kidnapped, and tears spring to his eyes as he turns his wheelchair.
Wade lifts his hips to grind against Peter and Peter responds by pulling his shirt off and tossing it across the back of the couch. Wade had to admit that the kid was fucking gorgeous. He was so sexy and he didn't have any goddamn clue what he could do.
Quickly, he tapped the small button on the front of his vest. "Nat he's coming to you, do you read?"
Peter had been taken by HYDRA. And they'd do whatever it took to get him back.
"I see everyone die... All the time. Torn apart, tossed around. Everyone... All of them. All of you."
"I don't know what May said, but what I got from Peter tells me that she basically didn't want him to come back."
The carnal thrusting of their hips was only the beginning. Nat was writhing on the counter in complete bliss as Steve pressed against her g-spot with every knock of his hips into hers. Steve himself was moaning like a whore as Bucky plowed into his prostate. Bucky absolutely loved having the three of them together like this and, well, what better way to christen the new kitchen than this?
And she greeted him with much less than a hello, instead answering the door with a glare and a sharp snap of, "What have you done to my son?"
But then Peter hugged him, clung onto him like a small child to his mother's leg. And Wade took the test from Peter's hand, and suddenly the air made its way back into his lungs.
Peter hadn't seen a whole lot of guns outside of video games.
Bucky scoffed a little, "You don't have to call me 'sir' you know?"
Peter squeezed his eyes shut. "It's too- Everything, it's- Wade, it's too small."
polish, all 19 shades of
Peter was fast. Not fast like Steve, but still faster than Sam, though he was a close second.
He steals a can opener and a couple of bottles of water and slips them into his bag alongside his suit. He lets his eyes glance once more around the room before meeting back up with Wade out in the hallway. Wade's changed into jeans and a slightly oversized hoodie. Somehow Peter knows he has at least two knives and three guns hidden on his person, not including whatever's in the bag. Wade pulls his cap on to hide his face and gives Peter a nod.
"I'm not going to leave him. I know what it's like to lose a child, and I wouldn't leave another one. Or Peter."
"He's moving fast. He has been for months, but he has a pattern. He'll be in Italy next week."
Wade was so fucking good at this and it was easy to get Peter to react, to get him to make those sweet little noises that he'd try and swallow down. Wade wanted to taste all of the sounds Peter was making, but the thought of doing so was put on the back burner when he felt Peter's tiny hand rubbing against him through his pants.
In the end, the Priest, Father Walsh, just sighed and sat silent for a moment. "My child, God loves you. He loves you no matter who your love interests are or how you present yourself. He wants you comfortable in the skin that he's put you in. These things are not sins. For your Aunt, rest her soul, you are not to blame. The hands that forced yours carry that sin. And as for that man, who forced you again, he is the one to blame. You've confessed no sins to me, Peter, but you are forgiven nonetheless. Maybe taking your memory is God's way of giving you a second chance. I pray for you, my child."
Bucky walked into Peter's little space in the MedBay and sighed, seeing the small boy just staring at the small photo he held in his hands. He wasn't going to ask, and he wasn't going to push. He was going to sit quietly next to Peter's bed and just be there for him, no matter what. But as a surprise, Peter spoke first.
"Ah, Peter... I was hoping you'd never don those web-shooters again."
"I ran it eight times, Tony." He sighs. "It's not a malfunction. There's something happening to him, and I don't know if we can fix it."
The spy didn't care, Peter's pain just made him laugh. He promised that he was
Flash took up the mantle as their leader, and soon there was a whole plethora of kids calling him 'Penis Parker'.
She and Vision were in the middle of their weekly cooking lesson, so Peter just grabbed an apple that he ended up never eating.
Steve leaned against the wall next to Bucky's chair. "I guess we'll see how he feels in the morning."
Brock Rumlow is in for a world of hurt.
He brushed his thumb over the red and blue accents by the sole of the shoe before lunging up and hugging Wade tightly. Wade laughed before kissing Peter's head through his mask and rubbing his back. Peter made it a point to put the shoe back into the box the same as he found it. After Peter composed himself, Steve handed out the next round of gifts.
"Peter!" He blinked and saw that he was pressed between Wade and a concrete wall. Wade's eyes searched Peter's face. "Petey are you with me?"
"It's okay Peter, he's not going to hurt you. You're going to be okay now." He said softly as he took another tentative step towards Peter. This time the boy didn't move, instead very slowly raised his hands to reach out to the only form of safety he thought he knew.
He felt himself getting angry at the thought of someone thinking of Peter like an experiment. He remembers what it's like to be looked at like that. Like some weird creature of science. Like some school project you make in your basement. He knows what it's like to be at the hands of 'scientists' that think they can fix you. He remembers what it's like to suffer the torture of being 'fixed' and sometimes he regrets allowing himself to go through that. Most days he thinks he should have just let himself die.
Peter rushes to brush his hair again. He hears footsteps and sees Bucky reflected in the small, busted bathroom mirror. His arms are crossed, loosely, unthreatening. He smiles softly.
Wade kneels next to Peter with the bag and smiles. "You told me once that this was your favorite sandwich, and I didn't want to show up empty-handed on your first day back."
Wade nodded slowly in understanding. "So I'm the obvious suspect... But I would never bring any harm to Peter, I care too much about him."
Peter left the room and each of the adults looked at one another in a mix of shock and worry.
He could feel his heart pounding in his chest, and it hurt. He felt like he couldn't breathe. There was sweat on his skin, but he felt cold.
Bucky took the tweezers in his metal hand and knelt down to have a better view of the wound. Peter sucked in a breath as the tweezers touched his skin.
The next morning Peter woke to the scariest Russian assassins sleeping next to him in his bed, and for a moment it freaked him out. It's not every day you see such frightening people laying around and looking like the sweetest people on Earth. Peter was lucky that way.
Tony stood still, but Steve kept on going. "You've kept him locked up on this base for months! You haven't taken him anywhere, you haven't let him go anywhere, and you've sectioned off a whole list of places he isn't allowed to go! Tony, he's a kid and you're not letting him have any fun. You're not letting him do what he knows he can do."
He had to drop one of Peter's legs to do so, but Peter didn't seem to mind the animalistic fucking. Being pounded so roughly that his body jerked with each thrust of Wade's hips. Their balls slapped together and it made Peter whine out as he gripped onto Wade's arm. He couldn't take much more of this...
Peter held up the large knife in front of him, placing himself between Rumlow and Wade's body on the floor. Rumlow laughed, insisting that it would take him less than a second to end Peter's life.
"You know, I don't speak Russian, but he sounds pissed, Petey."
aka, Peter asks Wade if they can do some "adult stuff" and Wade can't say no. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
And Wade had never felt more alive.
Even if he escaped Rumlow, there was no promise that he would make it all the way out. Not by himself. In order to escape here, he'd need the masked man they called Deadpool. Peter had been wondering what'd happened to the man since they'd seen one another last. He knew the man had tried to save him once. He desperately wished that he'd let him break them out.
Peter shook his head and decided that Christmas was no time for conspiracy theories like that. It was a time to forget everything and just run with this blessing they'd given him because for some reason, spending Christmas with Wade kinda felt like one.
When they arrived, his jaw dropped at the giant room filled with all kinds of technology that he'd never seen before.
This was going to be interesting...
A shorter filler as I've been up all night because my boyfriend is indecisive and decided he wanted to stay up.
He wished he could say that he'd never had to dig a bullet out of his own skin before. The last time he'd done so was in May's bathroom. It took him three hours to finally remove the bullet and another hour to clean up afterward. Thank God May had been out that day.
Steve is in the process of leading Peter to his own table when the boy freaks out again, the metal reminding him of the table he'd been strapped to back at Hydra. Bucky comes to the boy's side and promises that he's safe here and promises that he won't leave the room if he'll just lay on the table and let their doctor bandage him up.
"I know you've been looking for a good apartment." Was Tony's opening line.
"Trust me, Peter! I will get you out of here!" And Peter did as he was told. Right now he didn't have any other option than to trust this man in front of him, but somewhere deep inside of him he knew that they wouldn't be escaping right now if Peter didn't already trust him before all of this.
.....                          .....
Peter did nothing but watch as the frightened man pulled a towel from his counter and ran over. The towel was pressed to his arm and the knife was knocked to the floor. He could hear Tony distantly, asking him what he'd done. With a hiccup, he replied.
He carded his fingers through Bucky's hair and sighed as he looked to Nat. She looked stressed and worried all at once. She looked like she needed a strong drink and a nap, but instead, she settled for grabbing a book and sitting at Steve's feet so he could play with her hair too.
There was a long moment of silence and when he looked down his hands were covered in blood and he whimpered as he tried to rub it off. He looked back up at her but now she was smiling, except it was an evil smile. It held no kindness. It held something else Peter didn't want to acknowledge... It held hatred.
"I apologize for distressing you."
"Oh no, I fucked something up, didn't I? Did I forget anything? I know there's no concealer or anything, I wasn't sure how to do the color match without you being around, I'm sorry. Do I need to go pick something else up? Do I need to take something back?"
Wade rose his head, blood dripping down his face and just smiled. "It's okay Peter."
Sam was learning, well, trying to learn. Once he punched Bucky in the shoulder, as a friendly greeting that's popular in this century, and the violence set Bucky off. Since then, Sam's found the line and known not to cross it. As a counselor to veterans with PTSD, Sam knew why Bucky reacted the way that he did.
He turned to go back the way he came, but he collided with a wall that he knew wasn't there a second ago. Or maybe it had been... There was no way of telling where he was in the compound right now, and it was terrifying. His silent steps made it easy for him to hear something scuffling not far off, but it never came closer than a few feet. It seemed like it was inspecting him rather than trying to take any kind of action against him. Whatever it was, Peter hoped that turning the lights on would make it go away.
Tony tried to insist that he'd be fine, and that he wanted this for Peter too, but everyone could hear how it hurt him, even if he wouldn't admit. Petr turned to Tony and told him that he'd come on weekends if he wasn't busy. Everyone knew that Peter would make time to be with Tony.
Once again, he saw Wade over the little girl's shoulder. She looked up at the masked man and smiled, and it looked friendly in a way, but also deadly as all hell. Peter tried to take a step back but when he did he collided with someone, their arms wrapping around him like snakes around prey. He looked up at the girl, then down at his chest. He knew that Wade was holding him still and suddenly he wondered what kind of dream this was going to be.
Today, the kitchen was empty, save for Mr. Banner who was drinking coffee and reading the paper. He was silent, like always, but Peter didn't miss the way Mr. Banner's eyes trailed over Natasha. He was in love with her, and Peter knew it. But he'd just have to get over it because there was no way Nat would ever leave Bucky.
Traditionally rings went on the left hand, but well, it was obvious why that seemed like less of a possibility for Bucky. But then Steve made a point to say that Bruce helped him make a ring that wouldn't be damaged by the Vibranium of Bucky's hand, and would also fit incredibly well. Tony, well, he looked at Bruce with wide eyes that seemed to say something along the lines of 'why didn't you tell me' but it was obvious he didn't want to make a scene, not in front of Peter.
Stephen Rogers, who was the most innocent little twerp in the world and had an obvious crush on me?"
Once he had a dream sort of like this, except he and Bucky were romantically involved... It was kinda weird but he wouldn't deny the dream he had was a little hot. Peter didn't know what he was thinking right now, his head hurt too bad.
Bucky's focused on Peter so much that he doesn't notice what's in front of him at first, he just notices that Peter stops moving and looks like he's having the shock of his life.
Peter sees Wade and he's not sure how to feel about the butterflies in his stomach. (part 1)
Even now, from eight feet behind and only a view of the man's back, Steve could tell that Bucky was fuming. His shoulders were squared, and he wasn't presently worried about the blood covering his hands and his knees. His breaths were long and heavy as he quickly walked ahead, assuming that Steve was following.
When Peter woke, his bed was empty, but there was a dent in his blankets. "Friday, was someone here last night?"
He took it, grateful, chocolate always seemed to do the trick for just about everything. He didn't really think there was a wrong time for chocolate. He took a bite and hummed a little before looking to the tired man beside him. "My apologies, my introduction seems to have been interrupted by some C4, my name is-"
Bucky nodded. He understood. "Okay. Okay, I'll help you. I'll be right here every step of the way, Peter."
Peter didn't want to get his hopes up and admit that he felt anything for Wade Wilson. He didn't want to admit to the spark that he felt when they were cuddled together, or the hammering in his chest when they kissed. He didn't want to admit to his sweaty palms when Wade smiled at him. This was stupid.
Natasha quickly realized that Peter was freaking out about more than just Wade, and told Sam and Wanda to cease with beating the assassin. When the pair opened the door to come out, Peter slipped in.
She turned her full body towards him. "You had better mean that, or so help me, God, I WILL find you and I WILL make you regret it."
Nat felt a stray tear fall into her hair as if hearing his broken confession of
Bucky passed his gun to Nat and reached out to the boy, letting his small fingers grab onto his metal arm and latch onto his vest. The boy felt much too small in his arms, and he was afraid to hold him too tightly lest he injure the boy farther.
Now, back to me, Deadpool.
Everyone had their bad days, that much was true. To say that this was one of the easier days would be a lie. There was nothing easy about this day at all. Every shred of happiness Peter'd had just yesterday was gone. It felt like someone cut his veins open in order to rip the happiness from his body. He didn't have the energy to move from his bed.
who else would look out for us little guys, Aunt May?
"So I found some houses in Brooklyn and Queens... There's some really nice houses in Brooklyn. There's a couple of nice ones I thought you and Bucky might like. Big kitchens, lots of bedrooms." Tony pointed to a wall where Friday projected the photos of the homes. Steve paid close attention now, wondering just how far this conversation would go.
'If you died, I feel like that's on me.' He had said. Peter knew that Mr. Stark felt responsible for him as soon as they met. Tony liked Peter for his smarts, but could really care less for his inquisitiveness.
Natasha glanced towards Bruce, who was looking at the floor as he played with his sleeves. He didn't dare look at her, especially not since she knew the secret he'd been trying so hard to keep. If she wasn't so damn sneaky then she wouldn't know, but it's hard to hide a secret when someone walks right into it. He remembers the look on her face when she saw... She looked shocked more than anything, but even that only lasted a couple of moments. She just stared for the longest time. And then, with a disappointed sigh, she turned and left, closing the door behind her.
T'Challa, however, handed him a tissue with a gentle smile and said, in a very soft voice, "It is okay to cry. You are in an unfamiliar place, with unfamiliar faces. It is only natural to be frightened and sad. But we are here, and we are going to keep you both safe until your father returns."
Now the only people he knew were the Hydra agents tasked with keeping him here, the unnamed Doctor, the undead man with the burnt face, and the faceless man with the metal arm that he tended to hallucinate.
Peter knew that he was right. A semi-automatic was much quicker than a kitchen knife and they both knew it. James was behind him whispering in his ear.
"It wasn't you that did those things and you know it... I loved you before, and I'm gonna love you forever. No matter what happens," Steve tilted Bucky's chin up. "Okay?"
safe."
"You have nightmares?" Peter just nodded.
Peter couldn't manage to shake the queasy feeling he had. He'd been hunched over the toilet throwing up for 10 minutes, even though now he had nothing left to throw up. He was just curled up on the tile coughing up bile. He thought if he coughed any harder he might throw up his own lung, but that was highly unlikely.
Nat's back arched and Bucky knew that this would be it for her, and it was almost it for him and Steve too. Steve grabbed Nat by the hair and pulled, and Bucky grabbed Steve by the throat. Both of their secret little turn-ons being used against them in the final moments of their actions in order to tip them over the line and off into the deep end. And it worked; in a moment all three of them were crying out to one another as they came together.
Bucky pet his hair and told him what a good boy he was for being so quick to listen even after all this time. Bucky hadn't touched Tony like this in a hot minute, so every moment he had under Bucky's hot gaze was a blessing to Tony.
It was the first night in a long time that Steve slept without Bucky. Steve remembered waking up in the morning alone in bed like he'd been the night before. He remembered the dread filling his veins like ice water as he wondered if last night was the last time he'd ever see the man that he loved. He wanted to run to the platform as quick as his short lungs and shitty legs could take him and kiss Bucky for what might be the last time, but he knew he couldn't. He'd get them both killed, but some part of him thought it might be worth it if Bucky didn't have to go to war, and they could die together.
So why was he sitting here, in the boy's room, doing nothing? He was hoping that being here would give him some answers. Some kind of insight into what was happening. He was hoping that the silence would clear his mind, but so far it wasn't happening. If anything, the silence was making everything worse.
Right there, in the little paper on his hands, was a sonogram, for what he could only assume was a baby, though it looked like nothing more than a grey blob, and on the corners of the paper were records of the heartbeat, current growing weight, and the prediction of sex based on the blob being on the bottom right side.
He turned to the princess who was already looking at him. "So. You're the Spider-Boy?"
Peter stepped off of the train and onto the platform. He still had a little ways to go before he made the rendezvous point, but he was close. Just another five minutes of walking time was all it would take before he was face to face with the asshole that kidnapped his aunt.
He dug his phone out of his pocket and tried to hide the panic in his voice as he called Wade. Wade didn't answer, but he called again. This time he did answer, but all Peter could hear on the other end was gunshots and screaming.
And that one word really covered all of the questions. How would he leave them? How would they be found? How would they know that's what they were? They were both looking at him and he was quick to understand. He was the key to finding their boy.
Steve, ever the gentleman, paid for their coffee and gently asked Tony if he wanted to go back to his apartment and watch the new season of
It became natural for Bucky to roam the halls at night, and he frequently stopped by Peter's room. He'd asked Vision to alert him when Peter was having a nightmare and even went so far as to have Friday
The doors at the end of the hall slid open to reveal Bucky and Nat, fully suited up and packing heat. They each had guns resting in their holsters, but he wondered what the big threat could be. He took in their defensive stances and his heart dropped into his stomach. Was he the threat?
Peter drug his tongue up the side of Wade's dick. "Yes Wade, all yours."
T'Challa looked momentarily put-off before recovering. "I merely wish to offer you a home with us... In return for assistance from your son."
In order for that to happen, he needs to sneak Peter away again. He needs to be with Peter again anyways. The little Spiderling is the only thing that's been on his mind lately, but it's not like he's complaining, but sometimes it's inconvenient. Except for when he was alone and could get away with beating off to the image of Peter etched into the backs of his eyes...
"Good. You know who I am, so you know what I do."
Wade instructed both girls to find something to catch puke in for when he threw up again. They were both covered but didn't seem to care much as one got up to look for a bucket or something, and the other one stayed with Peter, probably to make sure he didn't choke on his own puke.
Peter shook his head again and turned back to the blonde man. "Why are you here, then?"
He was shaking and every time Steve got too close, he was physically pushed away. And when Steve saw the calendar he realized why Bucky was having this outburst. He remembered this date from Bucky's S.H.I.E.L.D. file and from his Hydra file... Today was December 16th. 27 years ago today, The Winter Soldier killed Howard and Maria Stark.
Peter kept struggling, but they both had him held in place. The little girl kept screaming in his face, and there were tears on her chubby little cheeks as she rose the knife up once more, and Wade began to cackle as the little girl lunged forward and plunged the knife deep into the center of his chest.
Nat is quiet as she puts down her steaming hot cup of coffee, and she's still silent as she strides over to him with that swing in her hips. She's just as silent when she wraps her arms around his neck, letting her actions speak rather than her lips.
Sorry, everything is taking so long and I'm only coming out with short chapters, I'm in the process of trying to graduate and also trying to pack in order to move out after graduation.
He spent too many years inside of HYDRA for them to ever pull one over on him. They'd have to have some serious new tricks to even be able to get as far as one step ahead of him. He'd be damned if he let anything happened to his family.
"Hi. I brought your iPod back. Figured you missed it." He scratched his neck.
Wade was nearly getting off on just listening to Peter, this wanton whining side of him that nobody else had ever seen. Peter was usually very quiet, sure he talked a lot sometimes, but he was quiet. He used a quiet voice when he spoke, and he was very awkward when he did so. He was a quiet kid, but right now he sounded so promiscuous that Wade just couldn't help himself when he started pounding even harder into Peter. A simple shift of his hips had him slamming right up against Peter's prostate.
"Sorry Peter, Tony's orders." Sam shrugged before delivering another blow so violent Peter flinched. Peter turned around to stare at a camera on the ceiling. "Leave him alone! Make them stop!"
She crawls onto the bed and sits with her back against the wall, which allows Peter to put his head in her lap. "What do you see, маленький паук?"
Wade chuckled shyly before speaking. "Yeaaaa, about that... I can't help. I'm not even on the same planet as you right now."
Eddie shushed the boy and nodded towards Bucky. "What do you think won't heal?"
He blinked, and he was alone. And Aunt May was gone, and she wouldn't be back. She'd never scold him for being reckless again, and it hurt because he wanted her to. He wanted her to sit down across from him and say that being a hero was stupid and that it was going to get him killed... And she was right. It would get him killed... Which is why despite remembering a little about being Spider-Man, he now wanted nothing to do with it.
Once Steven had told them all that Peter was lucky to even be alive, that by some miracle the bullet had missed anything important, Sam knew that he now owed this child his life, even though said child would never say anyone owed him anything.
Like how all week Stark has had an attitude, Nat's been stressed, and Steve's been stressed AND worried. It left Bucky to be the rock of the group, and it wasn't hard to see the obvious irony in their scenario. With each member of their relationship being in a different mood, Bucky knew that he had to tend to them all differently. Each lover needed something different.
Somewhere in his mind, he was back in the snow at the bottom of a cliff after the fall he thought would be his last. Somewhere in his mind, he was panicking at the thought of being trapped again... They both were. Despite being two totally different people trapped in one mind and body, they both had one common enemy, and that was Hydra. They wouldn't let themselves be captured again.
"Can you talk, Petey?" Peter's response never came, as the boy was suddenly looking around in an almost panic.
He doesn't get to move much considering that just a little over half of his body is covered in stitches and bandages. Mr. Doctor Strange has had him on some pretty powerful painkillers for the last couple of days, which means he can't feel the pain.
Peter's voice was broken, as cracked as his lips were. "Do you know me?"
Nat actually started to cry when she opened one of the gifts from Peter, and Steve teared up when he opened one from Bucky. Tony and Bruce loved the gifts they got for one another and laughed because of how similar their gifts were.
Bucky remembers that the night before he shipped out, he made sure to cover his things with sheets to make the cleanup easier for someone else. He didn't think he was going to make it back, but he never would have told Steve that.
He hesitates. "Right, Friday, until further notice, Mr. Stark isn't allowed into my room."
"No, Tony, you turned into a man that yells at already broken children. He had a lapse in judgment, and it happens to everyone. The Stark's aren't exactly infallible now, are they?"
"So, what are we working on?"
Their attention shifts to Natasha's lap when Peter flinches in his sleep. His brows are drawn up tightly and he looks pained. He twitches, arm pulling closer to his body, almost like he's trying to block something coming his way. Bucky stands, quietly padding over to the bed. Natasha shushes Peter gently, quietly telling him that they're here for him and that everything's going to be alright.
Instead of blowing up at Peter, like everyone thought he might, Tony turned on his heel to face Steve. "You got him shot!"
They picked out a few good button-ups and nice dress pants, along with some more feminine looking tops and even a really gorgeous pantsuit that Pepper might be jealous of if she hadn't gotten one for herself in another color.
He covered his ears to try and drown it out, but it was coming from the inside of his head, not the outside. There was no way to escape the shrill sound pounding away at his eardrums. All he could do was curl in on himself and wait for it to fade away.
Peter doesn't know if he wants to pull the trigger. He doesn't know if he can. //Meet our resident bad guy.
Peter watched in mild horror as a thick, tar-like black mass spread from the man's body and took the shape of a face. Not a regular face, but a twisted one with glowing white eyes and sharp teeth, and-
His shoulders shook and he looked up at Steve. "He's supposed to be here! Why isn't he here? What... What if he's..."
"Hey! Hey, what are you doing?!" Peter tried to struggle, but he couldn't feel his legs to move them. His ankles had been freed, but these guys really thought of everything. The Agent, Doctor? Parted his legs and Peter felt the panic rise up in his throat like bile, and he tried to fight but he couldn't move his legs and his arms were still bound. Was this guy about to touch him?
So when Rumlow grabbed his butt and handed him a knife, he waited for instructions like the obidiant boy he thought he was pretending to be. He was given instructions, and he obeyed them. He dragged the knife across the skin of his shoulder roughly and agonizingly slow, not once, but four times. The pain dragged little whimpers from his throat and he squeezed his eyes shut.
"I'm just trying to help."
He curled in on himself, to try and make his small space seem bigger, but he knew that the same panic would ensue once he woke again. He was sure that this nightmare would last for the rest of his life, however long that may be.
Then, just a couple of seconds before someone entered the room, he'd snap out of it and become that same bubbly, optimistic teenager everyone knew him to be. It was almost like the old Peter was just a part that he played to please everyone around him. Tony read the articles, he knew the statistics. He knew all the rates of teenage anxiety and depression. He knew all the calculations and he knew all the signs of each little illness inside of Peter. He saw every little tell and tick that the poor kid tried to pack away into the instability trunk he'd hidden away.
Natasha led Peter through the halls. Her gentle voice soothed Peter's hysterics, but only for a moment. "Where's Wade?"
Peter breaks Wade out of the compound and they run away to Maine.
Bucky almost wanted to smile, not just because the boy had taken on and added all of the last names to his own, but the fact that he was using his passport number in place of a serial number. But hearing the boy's hoarse voice made him go back to being worried instead.
Steve's heart hurt for Bucky as he walked back down the path and took the man into his arms. "You're gonna be alright baby... This is our home, remember? Nothing can hurt you here."
"I'm sure you girls are ready to go home, huh? If you've been drinking, let me know and I'll get you money for a cab."
For now, he didn't hesitate to open his mouth for Bucky's hardened length, but Bucky didn't move. Bucky watched him with hawk-like eyes for any sign of misbehavior. For any sign of guilt or remorse. Any sign of anything but lust. Despite the situation, the last thing Bucky wanted right now was to be intimate with Tony.
A side note, if anyone has Instagram, feel free to add me @ xxcreate.your.own.realityxx and send me a message letting me know you read this story and I'll make sure to add you back!
A look of realization came across Peter's face as it suddenly dawned on him what it was that Rumlow wanted from him right now. He wanted Peter to trade sexual acts and self-mutilation for a tiny sliver of human treatment? If he didn't take it, the punishment would be bad, he was sure... So wordlessly, he slid out of his chair and onto his fragile, bony knees.
Wade steps around Widow to catch Peter before he falls. "Hi there, Petey baby."
. It's a sound he knew and it was embedded in his brain and it was one of the few things Hydra didn't manage to take away from him and he held onto her voice and her arms while they just sat together and waited for Bucky to finish stomping down the stairs.
After a moment, MJ agreed but told him that he was to wake them if anything happened. He agreed with a laugh before thanking them both for helping. He told MJ that he was lucky to have a friend like her around.
"Does the Little Spider have troubles sleeping?"
"It'll be alright, маленький паук. They're just dreams. I'll stay right here tonight and let you sleep."
She gives him a smile. "Rumlow. Dealing with Bruce will always be harder because he was your friend."
Somewhere not so deep down he knew that if Bucky hadn't taken the job, he would have. Part of him wishes that he'd taken it, just so he could take the pleasure of squeezing the life out of that brainless motherf-
So when he saw this little puppy with the same disability as him, yes, he cried. Shamelessly cried onto the dog's fur. The tears dialed up to an 11 once he looked at the collar on the small dog. Under the small bow read a proposal he wasn't expecting at all. When he looked up to Steve, he saw him down on one knee and sporting a smug smile.
With shaking hands and fingers, he lit the lighter and brought it to his left elbow, only barely wincing as the flame tickled his skin. He assumed he was meant to hold it there until he was told to quit. He held it there, easily and readily obeying. And when the man told him to quit, he put the lighter right back from where he grabbed it from. The man seemed pleased and smiled, a cruel, evil smile.
'You're wrong again, Wade. You've never been the good guy. You kill people for money, and now this? You've taken HYDRA's instructions as the gospel and now this poor little boy is going to pay for it... You know what could happen to him... You know what this could DO to him... Yet you still proceed? Do you not care?'
Wade looks a little sheepish. "I had to learn really quickly when I was younger. I've basically been cooking my whole life."
Bucky pressed his thumb down harder and brought Stark's face closer to his as he growled out, "Don't tempt me."
Bucky was still wary of Eddie. He watched the exhausted looking blonde as he hovered around the door, muttering quietly to himself and munching on a piece of candy that seemingly came from nowhere.
"What'd we say about cussing, Peter?" Nat asked gently from the other side of the window.
"Well then maybe you should tell them, Nat, since you're so good at opening your mouth."
Bucky looked between the man, and Peter's now less bruised face. "What do you mean?"
Nat hangs up her coat and puts her keys down on the table before smiling. "Peter asked me to take him to church. I thought it might be good for him, too."
First of all, this asshole was fucking
The silence that stretched on between them held worry, fear, uncertainty. She cleared her throat and he could hear her shifting her weight around. "I don't know. He'd been sleeping and I went to make a drink in the kitchen... He came out, couldn't breathe... He looked afraid of it."
And Wade raised a hairless brow and asked what the boy had in mind, and when he was given the answer, he laughed, "Well, it is chapter 69."
The door opened, and as the person walking around made noise on one side of the lab, Peter made his way around the other side. Whoever came in left the door wide open, which made it so much easier for Peter to escape.
"I like this one, Brother, you may go."
All that mattered right now was Peter.
Peter knew that those alone cost an arm and a leg, so he could only imagine what else might be in this box.
MJ looked to Peter who was playing with pebbles on the ground. "Hey, you're the guy dating Peter right?"
Wade leaned up and brushed his nose across Peter's jaw. The younger boy shivered and gripped tightly onto Wade's shoulders.
Wade's heart dropped. The boy in front of him, so beaten and badly broken that he didn't even know who he was anymore, was asking him for help and he was chained to a fucking wall. All the time he's been dying and coming back, Peter's been suffering.
He fell, colliding with the collapsing marble, and when he looked up all he could see was Peter still trying to swing his knife on Bruce and Wade being knocked to the floor by the force of the quaking around them. Bucky rolled onto his back and his eyes widened as he saw a large portion of the ceiling falling towards him. He rolled as quickly as he could but his screams ripped through the sound of the crumbling building as his metal arm was crushed beneath the heavy rubble.
Wade took to sitting on the couch and playing Dragon City on his phone. He didn't mind sitting by himself, and he wasn't bothered that the only noises were the crackling fire and the typing on Peter's laptop.
Peter's breathing picked up just a little as he felt Wade's lips wrapping around him. He reached down and put his hand on the back of Wade's head and just sort of imagined running his fingers through the hair that he used to have. Wade looked up at the boy as he took him down effortlessly. It was like blowjobs were second nature to Wade, and they probably were.
The room was silent for just a moment before Peter let out a sob. Tony's face fell, as did his anger. He never meant to make the kid cry.
Eddie nods and tucks the boy's hair behind his ear before pausing, shaking his head, and getting up. Peter pays no mind before asking where Wade is. Eddie says he's gone out to get some food and Peter just nods again, yawning quietly.
He ended up crying himself to sleep on the cold metal table, and when he woke there was a hand over his mouth. Afraid, he fought before seeing the masked Deadpool over him. As soon as Wade removed his hand, he started crying again.
If he thought that Peter was loud before... Jesus Christ, Peter fucking screamed. Like actually yelled from the pleasure. His mind was just fucking gone at this point, focused on nothing but his own pleasure. Wade could feel Peter's drool on his arm but he didn't care anymore. All he wanted to do now was make Peter cum harder than ever before. He wanted to make Peter writhe and scream and cum for hours on end, but for right now he'd have to settle for making the most out of the little bit of time they had.
"Sucha good boy for listenin' so quick..." Bucky trailed his thumb across Tony's bottom lip before sliding it into his mouth and over his tongue. He loved the way Tony responded to the smallest things. "You know why it's been so long since we've done this?"
The hike is long. It takes them a little over four hours to reach the cabin and by then they're both tired again. There's exactly one bedroom in the cabin, with one small bed, and Wade says he'll sleep on the couch, but Peter protests.
There was a knock on the door at 7:15 exactly and when Nat opened the door she saw Peter there, wrapped up in his blanket and smiling widely. Behind him, Bruce and Tony were holding bags with other presents. Nat greeted all three of them with kisses on the cheeks as they made their way inside one at a time.
And Bucky suddenly realized that he was standing here in front of
"I was like that when I first had my traumatic flashbacks too... Was it what you dream about?"
Without any kind of plan, Peter pulled on some clothes without bothering to shower. He went down the hall and to the kitchen, where Tony and Wanda were. He walked around Tony like he was another piece of furniture in the way. In his jacket pocket was Wade's iPod. He figured he ought to return it, as Wade must be bored without it.
"Stark needs to pay more attention to this kid." Wade sighs as he scratches the place his eyebrows once grew.
He tried to suck in the air that he needed to answer her, but he couldn't. He just stood there gaping like a fish out of water. He touched his chest, and Natasha made a mental note to teach him sign-language soon.
It looked almost like a shrine or a shitty memory box... Maybe it was meant to be a memory box. Maybe old Peter had a feeling that he wouldn't come home. He quickly stuffed the phone and syringe inside and closed it up tight, replacing the picture before going upstairs to visit his 'family'.
Peter nodded, but still looked like he was thinking of something else. "Please don't tell Bucky..."
Steve didn't even try to protest this time and went inside and curled up in their bed with Becca at his feet. When the screen flashed and Bucky's face appeared on the small phone's screen, Steve couldn't help but smile. He knew that Bucky wouldn't be on the phone still when he woke, but at least he was here for Steve to fall asleep to.
Peter just stood there, feeling defeated. he was finally starting to feel normal, and now all of that is getting tossed out of the window once again. When would it all stop? He just wanted it to be still, it all went so
Bucky had the same nightmare when he did happen to sleep. That they'd found the boy, just not in the way they'd hoped.
Behind him, he heard Okoye stifle a laugh and he watched as two members of the royal family looked over at him with a little bit of disbelief in their eyes, and all was quiet before the princess smiled.
His heart-rate spiked at the thought of what happened then, and he shot out of bed. It took him a minute to ground himself, to remember that he wasn't back at that place anymore, and he wasn't that guy anymore. He didn't think that Nat would be back from the stores for a long while yet. She was determined to find the perfect curtains that would bring life to the place, but still resemble the old ones. She even took one of the moth-eaten piles of fabric with her.
"You put your hands on my son, so now I'm going to cut them off... Among other things. Before I'm finished with you, you
There, looking directly back at him, was the last person he'd ever expect.
Scott furrows his brows. "Your son's birthday?"
Peter would like to protest, but he knows that Wade wouldn't allow it, either way, so he just smiles and thanks to the scarred man in front of him before he's even opened any of the bags, and that's sweet. Wade pats the space of the bed beside him and Peter sits, shifting in his seat to get comfortable and also to try and rid his mind of the sinful thoughts creeping up on him.
The scarred man looks up at Steve from under the bill of his cap and mentions something about having the light beam checked because he noticed it didn't go off when he approached and Peter ended up startled, which was the exact reason that the lights were installed in the first place, so that didn't happen.
"It's you! You're the one!"
One look at the light reflecting off of his arm and they knew they wouldn't survive a run-in with the man. Most of these men had grown up on stories of the man before them, but they knew of him as nothing more than an old legend, a tale the higher-ups would tell the trainees to make them behave. He was a ghost story, a myth.
After the two calmed down, they just looked at one another for a long moment before Tony cleared his throat. "So, I want you to have the deed to the lot. You get the whole building... You take Buck and Nat and Peter, and you guys live there... I'll pay for any repairs to the place."
They sounded so far away, and, the room is too fast, sit, sit... Fall. He fell. He didn't try to catch himself, he just fell straight down onto the tile like a bag of bricks. He was out before he even touched the ground.
The tripping picked up, as did being thrown into lockers, down stairs and nearly out of a window.
"Parker-Rogers-Romanoff-Barnes-Stark, Peter Benjamin, 435106S560."
Wade was getting hard, this he couldn't deny, and he made this clear to Peter when he pressed his crotch against Peter's leg. Peter whined and that's when Wade noticed the little bulge in the front of Peter's pants. Wade leaned down and rubbed his nose over it and Peter's hips bucked. If Peter was this responsive now, Wade can only imagine what he'll sound like later on.
... It's
He was soundless as he crawled up the wall and onto the ceiling to make his retreat down the hall. He opened the stairwell door and finally let himself land on the floor.
And yeah, Wade knew that it was a bad idea, but with the little spider practically begging, there wasn't much he could do in terms of saying no. Except that he could. But did he? No. Because this is Wade we're talking about and that's just how he is.
She'd never find anything inside of herself. She'd never find someone that made her feel like they put the stars in the sky just for her to see at night. She'd never know Peter, and all he'd do for her.
And then he walked out of the lab, leaving Tony slightly terrified.
It wasn't until he'd removed the foreign object that Bucky realized the bullet was in pieces.
On the other end, he heard a soft chuckle, and it was easy to imagine Wade smiling. "Merry Christmas, Petey... I'm sorry I can't be there with you."
Eddie stared in his direction before muttering something-probably to Venom- before actually responding. "Vibranium is strong, but it can still only take so much. It was crushed, I know you felt it. Now, who do you trust?"
Nevertheless, Bucky started to squeeze, slowly increasing the pressure on Tony's throat, and only then did the so-called genius begin to panic. "B-Buck-"
Peter was healing from his injuries at an even slower rate than he was before he stabbed Wade. What had these assholes done to him?
"Shhh, I know Peter, it's okay. You're braver than a lot of people for saving his life."
When the door opened again, Peter was still sleeping, but Eddie was beckoning him out into the hallway. Slowly, he agreed, wondering what the hell this could be about. He quietly made his way after Eddie, who led him just down the hallway and into a small waiting area.
The permission was all that Peter needed before he was crying out again, painting the ground beneath him as Wade filled him up farther.
y'all we're on chapter 30 and I have plans to make this work be as long as the song it's named after (tears don't fall, by bullet for my valentine is 4:40 as a single, but 5:48 on the album)
He thinks maybe he should have given up, but he can't help but wonder what would've happened to Bucky if he had. Bucky probably never would have made it out of the Hydra base, to begin with, and if he did, maybe he would've lived through the train ride.
Peter looked confused now, and before Wade could even step forward, Bruce swung his arm up and smacked the switch in his webbed hand.
Peter, noticing Wade's little fascination on his skin, decided to be a little shit and pull his shirt up in as sexily of a manner that he could. It must have spurred Wade on, because in the next second, Wade was gripping at his thighs and digging his thumbs into the skin.
And despite Steve's moral objections, he knew that Bucky was right. He didn't count as people anymore. Steve was sure that he hadn't counted for a very long time, now. Again, despite his objections, he wouldn't protest if it would help Bucky sleep better at night... If it would help Peter.
They come upon a dock and Wade talks to a man for a few minutes before ushering Peter onto a small boat. Peter can't help but smile as he sits down and watches the seagulls fly overhead.
Before I went away, I promised this chapter would be Nat-centric and you guys deserve that so much since I was gone for so long and left you hanging.
Nat noticed that he seemed to be trying to rationalize what he did for himself, to make himself feel better about what he'd done to them, to Peter. He almost looked like he regretted it, but Nat knew it had to be a facade. She was ready to put a bullet in his head.
The Soldier knew that the arm was just a part of who he was, nothing more than another limb or a simple attachment, a weapon. It didn't make him weak, it made him strong, intimidating... It made him the guy people wanted to get out of the way from. It erased everything that Bucky himself ever was, kind, human... The Solider thought it completed him.
This caught Steve's attention pretty quickly. "I've seen his school papers, he's never taken a sick day in his life." That doesn't mean he's never been sick, no Peter used to be sick plenty. He always just sucked it up and went to school, usually with one of those paper surgeons masks. For Peter to actually leave school had to mean it was something big.
Absentmindedly, Peter nodded. He was trying to imagine the stars at night and all the planets and the moon through his telescope.
"W-Wade, I, ah~"
Wade quickly changed them off of the family questionnaire in favor of helping Peter to bed and starting a movie.
Tony turns back to the ceiling, now somewhat furious. "FRIDAY, alert all personnel to a facility-wide search and put out covert ABP's on Peter and the mercenary Deadpool as well." He kept talking as he walked down the hall, Bucky and Steve following behind him. "Deadpool is armed and dangerous and he's meant to be brought back here in as many pieces as possible. Peter is to be brought back unharmed but should still be considered dangerous."
Peter just played the first song that looked moderately appealing. He knew he'd zone out several more times, therefore wouldn't hear the music anyways. He trusted Wade to look after him while he was in this state. Not many people had the misfortune of watching Peter like this, as he usually sat alone in his bedroom.
Peter took a few quick steps backward and fell onto his back, the force of the fall knocking the air from his lungs. The mass sat atop of him, making it next to impossible to breathe. It leaned in close, definable only by its eyes... And then it smiled and leaned forward, allowing itself to be absorbed into Peter's body.
"Well that right there," Wade points to a collection of words. "That's NATO, it's a code used by the Army, Air Force, and the Navy."
The man then sighed. "I want you to burn your elbow, Parker. I don't care which one, but I want it done
And Bucky's head was spinning, not just from the pain coursing through his body, but from trying to wrap his head around what the hell this guy was even saying to him, his words weren't exactly registering properly. T'Challa glanced back to a woman sat on the seat next to where he'd just been and she shrugged a little before crossing her arms. Bucky could already tell that she would be a force to be reckoned with, should he piss her off somehow and it freaked him out a little.
His light bar flashes gently to alert him that someone is coming in because of course, though she may not be speaking to Peter directly, Friday had still alerted the others to Peter's predicament. The door opens and in steps Wanda, back from shopping with Bucky who must still be upstairs.
So no, Bucky wasn't keen on doing that for the
Steve was at the grocery store, but God only knew when he would be back either. He'd usually only take so long by staring at the prices in outrage, he remembered when everything was cheaper, but there also wasn't a lot to choose from back then either. Maybe some cheeses and meats, eggs and a few ingredients here and there, but they never had the money for much so they only got what they could.
"No, you don't! You just wanna get your money!" Peter was in hysterics now, sobbing so hard his body shook. He just wanted to go home, he wanted to be safe... He didn't want to hear Agents walking into the room, and he didn't want to hear their gunfire.
And Tony almost laughed before he realized that it would be a bad idea. He knew that Bucky would find out one way or another, but he promised the boy that he wouldn't tell Bucky, and so he would leave it to one of the others to pass the news along to him. He was barely winning Peter back, and he wasn't about to ruin that by being a tattle-tale. Especially not to the likes of Bucky Barnes.
(Christmas Special part 1)
"Peter? What's up?" She sounded so different, he was starting to wonder what he'd missed.
Wade can't recall ever feeling such a thing... Each memory of a past love was locked away inside the Fort Knox inside of his mind. And he wanted it to stay that way.
But for now, Wade could wait. They'd be together again soon.
As gently as possible, they land and open the hatch. Peter feels blinded by the sunlight and can't help but cover his eyes. Bucky helps him off of the floor and holds his hand as they exit the jet and step down into an empty field of flowers and butterflies.
"Steve, you can't keep punishing yourself for the past. It's over, and there's nothing you can do to change it."
Peter then pounced on Wade once more, kissing him hungrily as Wade wrapped both arms around Peter to trap the younger boy against his chest. He dug his nails into Peter's back as the boy tried desperately grinding against him.
They wouldn't care that Peter was just a teenager, they'd kill him. They'd tear him up and beat him down and none of them would even think twice about doing so. They'd plow down anyone in their way, and unlike wade could, Peter couldn't come back from something like that so easily.
He'd make his bloodline proud.
Tony felt it pull on his heart. He knew what it felt like to be an outcast at one point. He used to be just like Peter, the genius kid whose parents had died in some unknown tragic story. He knew what it was like, not feeling like they fit in like they belonged somewhere. Tony spent years of his life in all of the wrong places just because he desperately wanted to fit somewhere. He was like a puzzle piece with no picture to make.
He looked down at himself and saw that he was covered in the blood. It stuck in the grooves of his metal arm and crusted on his flesh hand. His black pants were stained even darker and his leather vest was slick with blood. He looked up into the mirror and the panic he felt rising up in him didn't even register on his own face, because the face looking back at him wasn't his.
Wade knows what it's like, living with something traumatic like that. He'd had a habit of pushing it away and pretending it never happened, but Peter was just a kid. When kids go through trauma, especially like nearly being crushed to death, it sticks with them. It's not something they push away, and certainly not this early. It's been four months. Which means four months of learning to deal with newly-developed claustrophobia and having night-terrors out the ass.
TW: gore, self-mutilation, abuse, murder/death. This episode may contain graphic details of how May died.
"Petey, what the hell are you doing?"
Peter looked up, eyes brimmed with tears.
"Not really important, Spider-Babe. You should try and get some rest. You look like shit. Everything is going to be okay."
"That's for you. You'll want to use it sooner, rather than later. Don't let them know you've got it back."
"Are you ready to talk yet? You may not get too many more chances. We're getting impatient and I'm really itching to cut out your tongue."
Peter'd set up lights and music in one of the first-floor apartments, so nobody's belongings would get messed up on the upper levels. What had started out with as little as 10 people has easily turned into 60, all packed into this small room, singing and grinding and drinking.
She pushed a bottle of water into his hands and sighed softly.
"Go away! Go away, you lied to me! You lied to me, I'm your mission!" He whimpered. It broke Wade's heart to see the boy like this. He knew that Hydra finally got to the boy.
also known as the chapter where I finally figured out how to work fucking italics.
"Наклоняться." He told her, and she did. She hiked up her slip and bent at the hips over the counter in front of Steve, who wasted no time in grabbing onto her thighs and gently guiding his way inside of her. The quiet little gasp she let out was enough for them both to hear. With everyone busy with the move and the remodeling on top of their other jobs and caring for Peter, the three of them hadn't fucked like this in far too long.
The boy smiled up at his father. "I know you will."
"That was not a dream." The head said, it's long tongue passing between its teeth.
After the black eye incident, Peter's parents took to driving him to school. The day Bucky gave Peter a ride was the first time Peter'd been left alone in weeks. Bucky drove him to school on Steve's motorcycle and just 'happened' to be wearing a sleeveless shirt. Bucky was the most threatening looking of all of Peter's parents. Everyone knew Tony was rich, and if they wanted their projects funded they needed to chill the hell out.
Bucky also makes a plate for Mr. Banner, insisting that he doesn't eat enough for how high his metabolism is. Mr. Banner thanks him quietly and begins eating. Natasha doesn't begin eating until Peter does.
What do you guys think of this new Peter?
Her smile didn't falter, but she spoke again anyways. "I still only have limited responses. Sarcasm is not in my dialogue options yet."
Suddenly, Peter couldn't breathe. Not for lack of trying, however.
And Peter just nodded because of course he knew. Everything here came with a price down here, and for some reason, this felt like something he needed to pay for. This was something he needed to do. The metal-armed man was leaning against the wall beside the door, glancing up at Peter through his hair.
"Your flashback. Is it what you dream about?"
Steve laughed and touched his own chest, some weird kind of reaction to laughter, Bucky guessed. "No. Not even for Peggy."
"He's been ready for months, Tony! You're the one who wasn't ready."
He could feel her looking at him now, and looking at where he stood. He was like an abused lapdog, loyal to a fault, staying around for the scraps. That was all he ever got. He hadn't had anything but the scraps from the feet of those that stood above him in so long now he forgot what a meal was like... But he couldn't leave, because he was needed. Wasn't he? That's what they said, after all.
His hands trembled. His body shook. He stood, hands pressed against his flat stomach as his nails dug into his skin. It was like something inside of him wanted him to rip the baby out with his bare hands.
This man was risking his... Life? To make sure that he was going to get out safely, and if they did make it out of here, he would owe this man his life... However much longer it may last.
When Tony woke up, he had this awful feeling in his chest that something was wrong. Steve felt it too. Together they walked down to Peter's room only to find him missing. His bed looked like it hadn't been slept in for days.
TW: gore, self-mutilation, abuse, murder/death. This episode contains the graphic death of May Parker. Viewer discretion is advised.
Rumlow yelled in pain and Peter heard the gun go off again. Peter whimpered at the pain before pulling the knife back again and then with high force, stabbed the knife directly into Rumlow's dick.
"You seem to be doing just fine." He sighed as he laid back. He looked at the small ring on his right ring finger, the only thing that made this May even remotely real. She wasn't anything but a hologram produced by Peter's hippocampus. Out of all of the things he's invented, this one had to be one of the worst ones.
And then he healed. Blood dried on his body when the skin grew shut. Bruises faded and teeth regrew.
Wade poked his head out of the bathroom and saw that the girl that helped him was awake, sitting next to MJ who was still sleeping. He whisper-yelled to her, asking what her name was. She told him it was Marie. If it was the truth or not he didn't care. She asked if he had a smoke she could bum, and he said yes, but only if she'd carry the trash out when she went to smoke it.
A New Year and A New Angst (New Years part. 1)
Peter didn't hesitate to kiss back this time, cupping Wade's cheeks as he crawled into his lap.
Bucky nodded a little, silently agreeing before pointing to the empty space at his side. "What happened to it?"
If Tony were drinking, he'd want Steve to take him home and rail him into next Tuesday. But he wasn't drinking, and he kinda wanted Steve to rail him anyways. The thought makes Tony shift in his seat and try to hide his blush with his coffee cup.
also I forgot about it again because I just started Game of Thrones... so it's super short...
He didn't even attempt any witty one-liners or jokes. He knew it would just make it worse.
Bucky clears his throat and sighs a little. "We know where the doctor is."
Mentally he protested that he doesn't have the strength for that kind of attack, and the man agreed as Peter followed another order of taking a small needle and stabbing it into his arm. Rumlow asked him to put several more needles into the same space on his arm before telling him they could be removed. He stood and made his way around the table.
He was worried about Bucky, and he was worried about Peter and today his anxiety was flaring up and he was remembering too much from before and it's not really what he needed to be doing today.
He remembers an old button up that stayed tucked in because the last couple of buttons were missing. He remembers a pair of shoes that he used to shine religiously. He remembers making Steve breakfast in the mornings and holding him through the cold nights. He remembers Sarah and her hair falling out when he brushed it for her. He remembers the panic rising up in his throat like bile when he thought he would have to tell Steve that she was dying.
"Oh? Do you like that? You like being choked like a little whore, Peter?"
Peter wrapped his arms around himself and squeezed his eyes shut. He knew that he was safe. He knew that he was out in the open with plenty of space, but he still felt trapped. The world felt too small. Like there wasn't any space for anything real. Like there wasn't any space for him at all.
"No, no, Petey, I wanna get you out of here."
He pressed light kisses to Peter's neck and jaw, and the more he did it, the more Peter relaxed into his touch. He began to slide his fingers under Peter's shirt. Peter shivered above him once more, and all Wade could do was smirk as his scarred fingers ghosted across Peter's smooth skin.
Ned served as the distraction to the guy, talking up a storm as only Ned knew how to do, and MJ half carried Peter outside away from the crowd. While he was drunk and blabbering on about God only knows what, she fished his phone out of his pocket and pressed the phone icon next to that Wade guy's name in Peter's contacts.
Wade pauses like he's never really thought about it or put too much effort into thinking of himself as anything more than what others thought of him. He slowly lifts one shoulder in a half shrug. "My whole life has pretty much been just that. Some sick joke."
Now, this may sound bad, but Tony and Bucky made an agreement long ago when their relationship blossomed from a seedling to a sprout and Stark had been added into their relationship. Bucky was the oldest, he'd seen the world, he knew how to handle people and nearly anything the world put in front of him. It'd been made clear to Tony from the start that looks can be deceiving. Steve wasn't really very dominant. Every once in a while he'd get in a mood where all he wanted to do was be on top and make love to Natasha or fuck Bucky senseless, and they let him do as he pleased.
"No, this is where you keep your mouth shut! I'm not finished! You-"
It was deafening, and heavy, weighing on him like an elephant on his chest. And it hurt. And he longed for the child that filled this space. The child that filled part of the emptiness inside of him. He knew that this child could never fully fill the space of two, but with one at least it would hurt less.
He screamed and thrashed what of his body he could feel. "They're gonna fucking kill you!"
He cried out more, sobbing and whimpering and shaking violently as he came for a third time, leg giving out as the pleasure began to catch up to him. It felt so goddamn good but it was starting to hurt, but Wade still kept going. Wade came a second time and finally let Peter's other leg down, his burned hands being the only thing keeping Peter up. After a second of thought, he decided to let Peter fall down onto his knees. He let the boy fall forward onto the dirt, shoulders and face against the ground as he continued to fuck into him.
Steve looked... Sad? Upset? He was wearing his Press Conference Face™ and it made Peter worry. Next to Steve, however, was a very pissed off looking Tony Stark.
Bucky looked towards the bedroom when he saw Steve shuffling out of it with a tired smile on his face. He offered Steve a cup of coffee the way that he liked it and Steve thanked him with a kiss on the cheek before leaning against the slick new counter. Steve was in love with the new repairs and remodels they were making, and when they'd finally finished the kitchen, you'd think Steve had won the lottery with the way his eyes lit up over it.
He was a little shocked when the guy shook his head no. "No dude, from the museums, from the history."
He looked to Peter in the tub and decided that this whole night was just fucked beyond repair.
"Why?"
More of the Senior Agents saw the man first and were terrified... Not because of an intruder, or their impending deaths... They were afraid because this was their Soldier, their
important to him.
But the wood was strong and he'd been weakened and there was absolutely no chance of escape like this. But he kicked despite the searing, blinding pain that comes with every move of his leg. And he punched, despite the same accompanying pain with every move of his arm.
He's silent for a moment, not sure of what to say. When he came back from Hydra the last time, sleeping wasn't an option. He felt he'd been asleep too long as it was, so he blatantly refused to go to bed until he passed out from exhaustion. Even at that, he never slept for long due to the dreams, or well, memories of the things he'd done coming back to haunt him.
"You lie because you want the life everyone else gets, but you know you can't have it because of who you are. Because you're dangerous. And you can't make the other dangers in the world go away and one day something or someone is gonna take away that life that you've made... And you'll blame yourself when they get kidnapped, shot, raped, or murdered because you know you could have saved them if you'd done the right thing... If you'd thought once about them and not finally getting what you want. You want husbands and a son, and right now you've got it. But they were each other's husbands first. It was them, not you, and Peter? He may call you Mom but that's as close as you'll get to a son. They made sure of that, didn't they?" Tears were springing into her eyes now, and he was loving every second of it.
Another beat and Peter nodded again. Steven seemed to understand and sighed. "Peter... What you have is a mild panic disorder. The stress and anxiety you have in your life cause your heart rate to rise exponentially, resulting in dizziness, feeling faint... I think your heart rate may have risen too high and... When's the last time you slept?"
As far as eyeshadow palettes went, these were some of the best and maybe most expensive. Just simple glances to the packaging gave away their names,
"Okay, Petey. I know we just talked about this, and I know you probably wanted to do a lot of this for yourself, but I just couldn't stop myself from trying to spoil you. Nothing's too good for you, and I want you to know that. The receipt is with me, so if there's something in here you don't like, I can always take it back and let you pick out something else, okay?"
'Parker, Peter B.' Clicking on it revealed that it was password protected. Once he was inside the folder, he could see that there were photos and summaries and mission reports and two other folders.
goddamn time. And Steve decided that yes, maybe it was time to do it Bucky's way, and Nat doesn't think she'd ever seen Bucky so murderously happy before in her whole life, and they'd known one another for a long goddamn time.
He remembers feeling like he might really get lucky this time, even though that wasn't the point, to begin with. He remembers Bucky looking all suave in his uniform and he remembers being fucking
He blinked again, but there she was, standing in front of him. He jumped, despite knowing that she wasn't real. She was covered in blood and even from here he could see that her heart was nothing more than a large cavity.
Peter nodded and Wade hesitated before letting Peter go.
fault that he's dead, Peter... It's your fault that Ben is gone!" The sing-song voice turned into pained screaming directly in his ears. Then the screaming turned into high-pitched ringing.
He even bought Aunt May something, despite not having seen or heard from her in weeks... Either she was horribly injured somewhere, or just didn't want anything to do with Peter right now. He figured it was probably the latter and decided that if she didn't want him, then he wouldn't put in the time to think about her. Yea, he bought her the gift, but whether she'd ever get it or not was up to her now.
At one point, Bucky asked him if he was sure he wanted the kill for himself, as they were in a church and Peter'd been going to church for a little bit now, but Peter's only reaction to the question was,
he wouldn't be getting kidnapped ever again. Hopefully keeping him out of The Life would keep him a little bit safer.
Peter was nervously flittering around in the apartment awaiting Wade's arrival. Nat thought it was cute how nervous he looked. He brushed his hair maybe five times, and he brushed his teeth twice already. He asked Nat if he should get dressed and she declined, telling him it was outrageous to wear regular clothes on Christmas morning. He laughed and seemed to relax a little, but then he looked at where Steve and Bucky and Bruce and Tony were all standing together.
And when he glanced over his shoulder to Widow, he shook his head. And she understood.
The voice chimed in again, "Sssshe's lying to youuu."
Strange chuckled very softly, "Yes, Peter, preferably I'll be tending to all of your wounds. Your body isn't healing you very quickly, and that's what I'm here to help with."
"Miniscule?" Nat finishes, and Peter agrees again. Nat laughs and kisses Peter on the cheek before ruffling his hair.
"I'm sorry."
"No, but I need to do something about the "right now". About Peter, about Bruce, about Rumlow. All of it."
"Mercenary. Wade Wilson, goes by Deadpool. Ex-military. He's a mutant."
Nat was more dominant, easily giving commands and dolling out praise and punishment when need be; Bucky was a whole different story. Cut from a much nicer type of dominant cloth, he was about as dominant as one could be. He was the lead in their relationship, the one the others went to when they needed something, whether it be advice or to be put in their place. The three of them knew that Bucky could take care of them. He knew their minds better than they did, even on the days when he didn't know himself.
Right now the screen showed his heart rate was elevated, almost to the point of a full-blown panic attack, but thankfully it was starting to slow again.
Steve turned and walked back inside without another word and Peter and Wade stood staring at one another in disbelief. Peter put the phone back up to his ear and heard Wade say that he needed to go and pick up the gifts he bought and that he'd be back over soon. Peter laughed and asked him to wear something festive, but also something appropriate.
Wade almost couldn't get enough of Peter's little gasps of pain. His head hung low as the stretch burned between his hips. It was painful but he loved it. He knew that for the next week when he moved he'd feel the memory of Wade fucking him in this dark little alleyway.
The spiderling tried to scoot away again but was already backed up into a wall, and with Rumlow blocking the only way out of the tub, there was really nowhere to escape to. Rumlow reached out and grabbed onto the boy's greasy, shoulder-length hair and pulled, leaving a near blissed-out expression on Peter's face.
Inside was a beautiful silver bracelet, adorned with a spider made of onyx and diamonds. She stared at it in awe before her eyes fell onto a smaller spider next to the big one and she laughed softly before pulling Peter into a tight hug. "Thank you, little one."
Everything looked the same as it did this morning, with the exception of their mugs from this morning. Those had been washed and neatly sat on the counter together.
Steve doesn't want to raise Peter in The Life anymore. (part 1)
Luckily, Bucky brought Natasha's car instead of either of the bikes. Bucky safely tucked Peter away in the back seat, Peter's phone falling out of his bag in the process. Bucky grabbed it up with the intention of putting it back but caught glimpse of a text from Wade on the screen, which read something along the lines of how much he couldn't wait to see Peter again.
Steve was silent, mentally making plans to wipe out every last HYDRA scum even if it meant dying in the process. He knew they wouldn't ever be free of this pain caused by those, as Peter said, snakes until Steve got rid of every last one of them.
They didn't know if he was alone or if he had a team, but they all knew that either way, his skill set already made him worse than any army out there. He would have no mercy, and there would be no survivors.
The boy looked up, terror and tears evident in his eyes. "They... He said that this is what he wanted..."
Bucky just wants his boy back.
"Assistance?"
James told him to twist the knife before pulling it out, explaining that it would do more damage that way. Two more agents approached in both directions and while Deadpool was occupied with his, Peter managed to take out both of his. By the time their bodies dropped to the floor, his hands were covered in blood.
His head hurt so bad all he wanted to do was curl up and sleep, but he needed to get out of here. He felt too sick to stay at school, but his phone was in his bag and his bag was in his locker and- he suddenly remembered the watch on his wrist and double tapped the screen as he coughed.
"Peter?"
Then he looked up. "He's going to ask you to kill yourself, eventually. He'll tell you it's the only way you'll be free again." He took a step forward and placed a metal finger against Rumlow's jugular. "Or, you can use the scalpel right here. Jam it in there as hard as you can. He'll have two minutes, maybe three."
He shouldn't be focusing on this, he knows.
uh-oh spaghetti-o's
Back in Wakanda, Peter was curled up in his 'hospital' bed and simply staring at the wall across from him. He'd wrapped himself up in the blankets and that was the last time he'd moved in many hours. Bucky had been in several times, only trying at conversation once or twice before realizing that Peter wasn't going to respond.
"What the hell have they done to you?" He seethed as the boy came closer. His face was sunken in, he was pale... Wade was surprised that the boy's legs could even carry him in the first place. He almost looked like a corpse.
Wade kept violently beating against Peter's prostate, moaning because Peter tightened up with each thrust. Peter was getting a little too loud now. If anyone passed by the alleyway they'd think someone was being taken against their will, but Wade just couldn't bring himself to muffle Peter's chants of 'oh Wade, yes, fuck, yes, yes, yes, god it's so good, fuck!'. The chanting didn't last long because soon enough Peter couldn't even form words, producing nothing more than babbles and moans and whines, but they were so goddamn loud Wade finally had to reach up and cover Peter's mouth.
He sat down on the couch and Peter carefully detached himself so he could take a cup of coffee from Wade. He took a long drink from the cup and sniffled quietly. Wade almost missed the small moment. Peter could easily break back down again in a second, and Wade made it a point not to move from his spot on the couch.
Peter sighs as he follows her around and watches her look at pencil skirts. "I wanted to try a different style, I guess... Find something that made me fit into the family better. And... And I've always sorta liked the way the feminine clothes look, and I've always kinda wanted to wear them. Not like, be a girl, not that there's anything wrong with that, cause girls are awesome, but..."
According to Bucky, they were already into Wakanda, and they were currently in one of the medbays. When Peter asked why Bucky ran his remaining hand through his hair. "You collapsed, in Italy. The doctors there couldn't find anything wrong with you, so we brought you here. The technology and medicine are so advanced, I thought they'd have to find something."
Safety. Freedom. Bravery. Strength. Intelligence... Love.
Wade brushes Peter's hair back and pulls his mask up to give him a kiss on the forehead. "I heard you were sick and I came to check up on you."
"I'm here Peter... And I'm sorry."
Peter used the schoolwork to distract himself, but it didn't seem to be working. He found himself absentmindedly touching his stomach upwards of 10 times. Was he really that devastated over the fact that he WASN'T pregnant with a murderer's child? That should be a good thing, shouldn't it? Shouldn't he be relieved? Why was he putting this much thought into it?
He tried to ignore it. "Why?" He asked, near begging.
"You have brought me another sad white boy, Brother? What am I meant to do with this one?"
Peter didn't realize that his spidey-senses weren't tingling because of the wound, but because Bucky was standing slack-jawed behind him.
Peter nodded and let the man keep speaking.
Steve takes a step forward. "Yes, I know what he did, but that's no excuse, Buck. He doesn't deserve to die for it."
Sam shook his head but allowed Peter to run beside him. "Gotta find Banner, Bucky's hurt real bad."
"Steve wouldn't give up Peter to save me, he knows better. He wouldn't give you Peter because that's what you want... That's what Bruce wants... But I hear Bruce isn't really your boss, huh? He's just above you."
Peter took a moment to think, what DID he do when he got like this? There'd only been a handful of moments where he'd had to deal with this alone. Once he moved onto the base, he'd only been alone for a couple of days before Bucky took to taking care of him. After that, Peter was rarely dealing by himself. There was always someone. But what had he done before?
Eddie stepped around him to the window and then paused. "Oh, and you might want this." Eddie pulled a large syringe from inside his jacket and put it into his hands.
Peter needs to wake up.
He felt Rumlow's fingers undoing the ties on his gown before it was totally pulled away from his body and tossed to the floor, leaving him naked except for the underwear that were now too big for his thin frame... And then Rumlow pushed those down his legs and he was exposed to the bad guy and his hands were still bound.
When Steve nodded at him from his place across the span of the doorway, Peter nodded back and crawled up the wall. When in position, he webbed the hands of five or six people before the bullets were aimed in his general direction.
He took the time to use his fingers to stretch Peter out. He took the time to press and curl his fingers in the places that made Peter moan and writhe beneath him. He could see the little beads of sweat start to form on Peter's neck. He leaned down and licked the sweat from Peter's neck and let his teeth graze the skin.
Wade easily said that it'd been a really long time since he'd seen any of the family he used to have. He was in his teens when he left them, he was sure they'd either moved on or passed on by now. He wasn't sure if he cared which.
Back at the apartments, Steve set up the newest season on DVD and sat back on the couch with Tony, arm thrown casually over the back of the couch. Tony shifted a little and tucked his foot underneath himself.
in any capacity. He was strapped down to a table less than half dressed while 10 or so Hydra agents were filling the room. He could see Steve and Bucky on the monitors over their shoulders, and he screamed. If only they could hear him.
Peter waited two weeks before trying anything else. Wade thought it'd only be a couple of days, but Peter insisted that they waited for the adults to stop watching him like a hawk before he snuck off of school campus. He jogged the three blocks to their rendezvous point, the dimly lit alleyway between two skyscrapers.
He tried to sit up only to be yanked back to the bed. When he looked, he saw the thick leather strap holding him captive, but the wild breath in him was slowed when he heard a voice calling his name. He wasn't sure where exactly to look for it, so he just looked wildly in search of the voice he seemed to know.
Peter carried the dark hair and dark eyes and sarcasm that Bucky had, all while sporting the strong-headedness and sharp wit that Steve brought to the table. Somehow this child born over 50 years after they last saw the sun as regular human beings was almost the perfect blend of the two of them. And Bucky wasn't about to let that go because Tony Stark had an insatiable need to control everything and everyone around him. "The way I see it Stark, you got two options right now. You can turn 'round and let us do what needs done, or you can, as they say, suck a fat one."
"To tell you the truth... This is my last mission. I got my orders. I'm supposed to put a bullet in you, your man candy, and then myself."
Peter's brows furrowed and Wade shook his head. Peter said nothing else about it but bit his lip, anxiously awaiting Wade's response. Wade told him that they ought to at least put away all of his new gifts, so they at least had access to the bed, and Peter thought it was a good idea. Together, they cleaned back up. Wade put the new clothes into Peter's drawers and Peter carried his products into the bathroom in armfuls, silently vowing to organize it all later.
He took a sip of the water and looked down at her, into her gentle eyes. He shrugged a little and she just sighed.
Bruce and Wanda had grown worried, watching Peter roam the halls like a lost puppy. He nearly refused to go into a room that had either one of them in it, taking to hovering by the door for a moment before leaving once more.
He needed out of these cuffs. This was the first real moment he'd been without an Agent in his room, so maybe now he could make his escape and save his baby boy from this hell. He pulled, twisting and shaking his arm to try and get his hand through it. He knew that Peter had some kind of strength, but right now he probably wouldn't be able to use it. Judging by his wounds, he knew that they were doing something to keep him from healing.
But he was also aware of nothing at the same time. He missed the way people were looking at him, how they were looking at Wade. He missed how worried Wade looked. He missed it for a solid two minutes when Wade pulled them into another alleyway and pressed him up against a dumpster.
ALSO IMPORTANT NEWS, I PUT UP THE PROLOGUE TO THE SEQUEL STORY, IT'LL BE WADE-CENTRIC. I HAVE BIG PLANS FOR IT, GO GIVE IT SOME LOVE.
"I wanted to keep you away from this life, kid... Seems like all we've done is drag you into it... No more, Petey. I want you to be done with this. Powers or not, I want you as far away from this as possible... If I have to move you to Alaska, I will, you hear?" He sighed and shook his head. "Maybe not that far, but I want you safe, and I know Tony and Steve do too, hell, they all do... I'm gonna get you out of this life... I promise."
He bounded downstairs to his still unfinished room and grabbed the two big garden trash bags full of Christmas gifts. It was easy to get money for all of these gifts. He'd saved his allowance up for months, and when he asked Tony for "a little spending money" Tony up and gave him $500 like it was pocket change. He was told to either use it all or keep the change, and he used all but maybe $85 and he planned to put it all towards lunch money.
Peter was short on breath. He could FEEL all the rubble on top of him. He could smell the settling dust, the metallic smell of his own blood. He could taste the copper on his tongue.
When Peter was finally calm enough to get a breath of air into his lungs, he quickly expelled it with a cry of, "I killed her!"
Peter nods and gives him a very soft smile. Bucky felt his chest tighten at the fact that this boy, even after everything he's been through has it in him to smile like that. He has it in him to be so awed by some wildflowers growing in the middle of nowhere. He has it in him to be so excited about growing them at home... It's remarkable that this boy's heart is so big that he has all of this trust for him even after all he's been through.
She reached a hand out to Steve as he walked back up the path with Bucky holding onto him. She took his hand and led them both up the stairs and out of habit, Bucky kicked the brick on the way to the door, revealing the old key that'd been hiding there for so long. Steve picked it up and hesitated only for a moment before he unlocked the old door. It rattled and creaked when it was pushed open and Nat coughed when the dust hit her.
"Peter last had a full rest after being drugged and returned by the mercenary known as Deadpool." Steven quickly looked up to Bruce.
He unlocked the door and dropped the keys on the table just inside the door before kicking off his shoes. He tossed his bags onto his bed on his way into the bathroom. He washed off his face and paused as he thought he heard shuffling in the other room.
He ran to the wall of glass and beat on it as hard as he could with what little strength he had. "Hey! Mr. Stark! Steve! Anybody, please! Let me out of here!"
"You let them touch me! Stab me! Prod me, push me, keep me in a box! You let Rumlow touch me like I was nothing more than some cheap hooker!
Steve's shoulder's squared. "Right, because you've never done anything like that before."
Peter let his fingertips brush over an empty space on Nat's wrist, and he made a mental note to buy her a nice bracelet with his allowance money as soon as he got the chance. Christmas was coming, and everyone deserved something nice. And Stark gave him a hell of an allowance, though it went straight into a side account for Peter to use to go to college one day. Steve had started giving him an allowance too, for small things like doing chores and getting good grades at school.
He pressed his lips to Bucky's neck and the brunette came between them. Steve's own release came simultaneously, and the two men lay tangled together, a mess of hair and muscle while catching their breaths. And their hearts were entwined the same way their limbs were, and they were in love just like they always had been.
Rumlow sighs and pulls out a chair, sitting on it and crossing his arms. "As for my face, that happened when your pops dropped a building on it... Why are we keeping you here? Even I don't know anymore. I'm not sure how much longer they can keep you the way they have, you clearly don't know anything. Personally, I want you to suffer. And that's what they brought me in for. To hurt you... But I'm not gonna hurt you, Parker." Rumlow leaned forward. "
Steve was plainly aware of Tony scooting a little closer to him every once in a while, but that's exactly what he wanted. When one of the many sex scenes came on the screen, Steve couldn't miss the blush on Tony's cheeks or the way that Tony's eyes made their way to his crotch.
"It wasn't my fault!" He cried. His watch was going crazy and the light bar in his room was flashing like some demonic disco.
He begins sobbing, curling tightly in on himself, hands clutching at his chest. Tony pulls the boy tightly to his own chest as he sobs, scratching at his own skin in a fit of desperation and rage as he cries, screaming out in angry agony. He keeps repeating himself, screaming out, 'Why, why, why?!"
Peter looked confused. "What?"
When they finally arrive back at the Avengers base, Peter easily follows behind, keeping an eye on Wade's still lifeless body in Tony's arms. He's still wary of Tony and watching like a hawk to make sure he doesn't mistreat Wade in any way and is relieved when Tony very gently sets him down on one of the tables in the Med Bay.
Once he finally finished up with emptying his already empty stomach, he clawed his way to his feet and back into the hospital room where he saw Bucky and Steve waiting for him, wrapped up in one another's arms... Or, arm, in Bucky's case.
Wade was shocked to see Peter in front of him. He hadn't seen Peter since he tried to break him out of here. He could easily see how thin the boy was, and the open wounds covering him weren't hard to spot either. The sight of the boy made him shake with anger.
He heard loud footsteps and then Bucky was there in the doorway. "Peter? What's going on?"
"Oh Peter, you're such a mess." She said softly.
"You're not gonna make it fast for me, are you?"
He looked towards his window. He wondered what he might need to make this place seem more like home. The walls and windows were bare, and the bed had a nice looking blue duvet on it. The furniture was all the same dark wood and there was a comfy looking rocking chair in the corner.
Steve could hear the shake in Bucky's voice, it's a sound he hasn't heard in a while. "I came here once..."
Bucky is a tragedy.
Steve hung his shield on his back and stepped out into the open space, slowly making his way towards Bucky. He gently called his lover's name as he inched closer, trying to gauge any reaction he might get from the man. He didn't get one, as the man before him was far too indulged in repeatedly stabbing the everloving fuck out of the agent beneath him.
And if Wade said that the idea of taking Peter Parker's virginity didn't turn him on, he'd be a damn liar because right now he was harder than he ever remembered being. Wade Wilson has taken many a virginity, from man and woman and extraterrestrial alike, but nothing has ever excited him the way that Peter's pouty lips do.
They spent some time talking with Tony about it, wondering if they could figure something out about it. They wanted to know everything they needed to know before they brought it up to Peter at all. Bucky was quiet about it a lot, he'd been in a slightly bad place lately, but he was putting everyone else first to take care of them. He'd worry about himself second.
And right now, he's pleased to tidy up the barely-there mess in his bedroom so that he can have Wade over. He hasn't seen the mercenary in far too long, and after the near-death and actual death experiences they sorta shared, Peter thought it was wrong not to hang out.
Wade just stares at the angelic boy sitting in his presence for a moment long enough that Peter begins to wonder if he's done something wrong. "Should I... Not have asked?"
"Hey, I was wondering where you guys got off to."
, and a large bottle of hairspray.
This wasn't exactly a life that people actively wanted to be part of. Nobody just woke up one day and really decided that they wanted to be a superhero. That was a dream reserved for young children that had no idea what being a hero actually took. They thought it was about the glory and the saving people and the rewards you get for saving said people...
He looked like hell, but then again so did everyone. Peter stood on Bucky's other side and helped take the rest of the weight. The 90-year-old granddad was nothing between the two of them. They got him inside and onto Tony's makeshift stretcher. From there they took him to the infirmary where Vision and Mr. Dr. Strange were waiting. Peter thought it was nice to have an actual Doctor on the team now.
Rumlow seemed almost pleased with the reaction and smacked the boy right on the open wounds on his shoulder. "That will cost you tremendously, I hope you know..."
this baby in the first place. That's really what he's been debating all of this time instead of sleeping.
Just a couple of days later, Peter was able to leave the MedBay and go home... Well, as home as their new place could be. They lived in a tall building near the palace and their own floor was near the top of the building. It was pretty damn nice. A kitchen, a bathroom, a room for each of them, plus they were even allowed to have a pet if they wanted to, which was nice. Peter said he wanted a goat, and Bucky said he'd look into it.
Steve, however, had an ulterior motive to being here with Tony right now. He was following Natasha's style of getting information... Sorta, he really did want to be here with Tony. He could tell by the blush on the brunette's cheeks that Tony wanted to be here with him too, if not in bed with him.
//tw: contains word r*pe EDITED: adding a content warning for date-r*pe drug usage
Steve leaned forward slightly as Nat took his length into her mouth. Bucky slid his metal fingers into Nat's fiery red hair and slid his other hand up Steve's chest, effectively holding the three of them together. Nat reached behind Steve and tugged Bucky's sweats down just enough to expose him as well. Steve's moan of ecstasy when Bucky pushed into him effectively managed to turn them all on even farther.
"The prisoner's gone." His chest was rising and falling quickly. Had he ran to them?
Everyone makes their way out of the car and Steve pulls Peter's wheelchair from the trunk, carefully setting it up before opening his door. Peter takes the man's hands and accepts his help in getting out of the car and into his chair. Wanda offered to push Peter up the new ramp that Steve and Sam built for him so he could access each floor of the building.
A light flicked on, illuminating something far away, and Peter ran to it. In the circle of light was a little girl, maybe no more than five. She and her purple dress were both covered in blood. Peter stopped short of actually approaching the girl.
Peter nodded, though he didn't understand yet.
"Tony, that's enough." Steve used his Captain America tone. Tony kept on not listening.
Bucky did not react to the touch in the same way he normally would have. Instead, he put more focus into removing the bullet from Peter's side.
Steve nodded in silent agreement, and Bucky just blinked. He can barely remember the last Christmas he had with Steve. He knows that he spent all that he had to get the little punk some good pencils. He was bummed that he couldn't get him a new book too, but he promised that he'd get him one for his birthday. Steve told him not to worry about it, that he didn't want him to waste his money.
in all 9 colors,
Bucky nodded and watched Steve's face for a minute before focusing on his lips for a long beat. He finally leaned in and kissed Steve, and Steve understood what it was that Bucky wanted from him. He wanted Steve to prove that he still loved him, that he was still appealing and good enough. He wanted love, and by God, Steve was going to give it to him without hesitation.
He ran down the corridor of trees and watched as the walls around him turned into what looked like the walls in his Aunt May's apartment building. Her apartment door stood wide open and when he ran inside she was there, her body lying in a heaping puddle of blood and shattered glass where the coffee table once stood.
Even on the Quinjet, Peter didn't want Tony to come anywhere near him, and he seemed to overwhelmed by all of these people. He didn't want anyone other than Bucky coming close to him, which was a problem because he wasn't the guy that could bandage him up in the slightest. Not in the way that he needed. No Peter needed a real doctor, and Strange had already been alerted to what was going on and said that he could meet them once they returned.
Peter just laughed, cheek pressed against Wade's chest. "If I ask you what this cost, you, will you tell me the truth?"
On the island, the pair hike through the woods. The sun is setting and Peter is a little upset that they didn't get to watch it, but Wade promises him that before they leave they'll see both the sunrise and sunset together, and it makes Peter smile.
As of right now, he was sitting on a rickety old counter going shot for shot with some of the senior kids that showed up earlier with alcohol. MJ and Ned were looking on in concern while Peter laughed loudly with these senior kids. One of the senior boys was leaning on the counter next to Peter and touching on his leg. Whether Peter noticed or not, they didn't know.
In his nightmares, they'd found him as a partially decomposing corpse, laying in a pool of his own crusted blood. And right next to him, always next to him, was that asshole in tights. Somehow Bucky knew that Wade wasn't the real cause for Peter's disappearance. If that bullshit mission to capture the mercenary was anything to go by anyway.
When he was pushed into his cell that night, the cold overtook him... Some thought in his mind appeared, information from a class he once attended. Somehow he knew that his wounds would not heal in the slightest in the cold, and here they were open to being infected. He was never given the means to dress his wounds, so they would remained opened and damaged, paining him with every breath he took.
Bruce took a step back as Tony went on.
By the time they were finished, they were hot and sweaty and breathless, and Tony was tired and that was fine. He helped Tony clean up and watched as he fell asleep on the couch. Soon as he was out, Steve stepped out onto the balcony and called Bucky.
"Some of the worse scars, the ear... Maybe the ear, I'm not sure yet."
Bucky sighed heavily and hesitated for a long minute before reaching into his back pocket and pulling out a folded piece of paper and slipping it into Peter's hands. "This is a lot to handle, but I'm right here for you, Petey, no matter what."
Peter had been on some much-needed bed rest after his latest incident. He took a week off of school to recuperate and recover from the recent stress of his day to day life. He'd been in the middle of playing video games when his phone buzzed beside him. Thinking that it was Mr. Stark, he picked it up before seeing that it was actually Wade, asking him how he was doing.
"I don't wanna be stuck inside my head anymore..." (memory lane part 3)
(Christmas Special part 2)
"Are you... Are you mad at me, Mr. Stark?"
Wade bottomed out finally and leaned back against the wall, hips pushed out towards Peter. He nudged Peter's hips forward before pulling them back against his own again. He only needed to guide Peter for a moment of time before Peter was moving on his own, fucking himself back against Wade's fully-hardened cock, each thrust punching a moan out of his throat.
There's no noise other than the birds and the wind and the sound of Bucky's boots in the grass. And it's peaceful. It's probably the nicest moment Peter's had in months, no, he knows it is just by the way Peter looks at everything. The way that he smiles when the flowers brush against his legs or when the breeze pushes his hair back or the birds chirp over his head.
Steve starts to wonder just what the hell he's doing.
Tony was struck by her words and visibly hurt, but if there was something else he knew about people, it was how to piss them off. "Yeah, but he's not MY kid, and last I checked he couldn't possibly be yours either, so why don't you put him back in bed and get out?"
New York was large and full of way too many people to count. New York City was even worse. People lined the streets, packed in close to each other and spoke loudly over the roar of the city.
He approached her, his gun held like a club in his fist. She kicked at him but he grabbed her ankle and twisted it roughly until a sickening snap sounded between them and she groaned out in pain. She got her opposite arm free finally and swung on him, but he just grabbed and yanked it too, until she felt a disgusting pop in her shoulder and another gross snap at the elbow, and this time she screamed.
"Hello, Peter. My name is Doctor Stephen Strange, and I'm here to care for your wounds, okay?" Strange was being incredibly gentle, which was something Bucky wasn't sure he knew how to do before now. But Strange was no idiot, he knew that this boy was very fragile at the moment.
Peter touched his flat stomach and thought about how in a few short months he'd be a parent, and the thought took its toll immediately, scaring him to the point of tears. He was still so young, how could he be a parent? How could he be a
The gun is still raised, and Peter, having been at the end of far too many loaded guns, was stood with his hands up like he could be the next one shot. He got one look at the man in front of him, a glimpse of his metal arm and lowered his hands.
Steve was ready to go out right now and find Bruce, but all Bucky could do was protest. If there was someone above Bruce, then they needed to find out who, and they knew that arresting Bruce wasn't the way to find out. They needed Bruce, which was
Steve's heart jumped at the sound of 'Aunt Peggy'. Steve thought that it made sense that Peggy would end up being like family to Tony, and all Steve could do was laugh and say, "You know, if I hadn't crashed, you might've been calling me Uncle Steve."
blenders and cleanser, a sharpener, two different kinds of nail strengtheners and coconut cuticle oil, tea tree shampoo, dry shampoo and no frizz nourishing oil, razor bump and ingrown hair solution, herbal body moisturizer,
I'm in a really good mood today so I'm going to grind a couple of chapters for you guys xx
"Uh, h-hey, Aunt May. How are... How are things?" He slammed his fist against his forehead, cursing himself for sounding so stupid. This is Aunt May, she's supposed to be easy to talk to.
That's not normal. That's just not fuckin' normal. Oh God, and what if Nat tells Tony? Or Bucky or- fuck, what if she tells Steve? Oh, God, Steve would kill him if he knew. Peter didn't think he was ready to die right now... That could change at any moment, but right this second he wasn't ready. He wanted to live.
It was less of a secret to Bucky because he's the one who helped Peter inject the damn serum in the first place. This boy was the physical embodiment of Steve Rogers' recklessness and Tony Stark's genius all tightly wrapped up in one little body and two giant blankets. He ran his only remaining hand through the boy's knotted hair.
Bucky didn't try to deny his tears, as he knew he'd already been caught. Any denial would just worry Steve further than what was necessary, and Steve was already worried more than he needed to be in the first place, and Bucky refused to make it worse for him when he had so much going on, to begin with.
There would be no end to this until Rumlow decided it was supposed to be over. That time didn't come fast enough, and neither did Rumlow. This was one of those moments where Peter wished the man above him would put more pressure on the pillow and just end his fucking suffering.
Peter is afraid.
Steve began to look angry with Tony, and Bucky already looked downright furious.
Peter only stopped when he reared back to swing, and someone caught his arm. He looked up, expecting one of his parents. What he was met with was a scarred face, hidden by a lowered baseball cap.
Peter's eyes were wild as he tried to focus on the man in front of him. He could hear that he was being asked questions about what happened but he could barely breathe enough to respond. Bucky worked on calming him down for a minute while Steve and Wanda hovered by the door. They didn't want to crowd the boy or make him uncomfortable, but they didn't want to leave him either.
Rumlow seemed uninterested and told Peter to get into the water. Peter made the mistake of asking if he would be unbound so he could bathe and Rumlow backhanded him like he was the stupidest motherfucker on Earth. He apologized for asking before getting into the hot bath water, hands still together in front of him.
"I don't know if you noticed, Tin Man, but life's not fair." All three of them shifted their attention to the door, where Tony stood with Bruce next to him. They'd been attached at the hip since Peter got back. Tony knew all about machines, sure, but Bruce knew about people. Tony knew about people too, but he knew what made them tick, what set them off. Tony Stark knew what people wanted and knew just how to take it away from them. Bruce Banner knew people in a whole different light.
Steve just nodded. He wanted to remind the boy that he could just turn the hearing-aid down so he doesn't have to bother with taking it out and possibly losing it, but he bit his tongue. He didn't want to be overbearing or strict. He wanted to be a kind, gentle parent. He wanted to channel his mother and the way she always approached parenting. She was certainly strict when she needed to be but, to tell the truth, the only time she needed to be was when he and Bucky got into some stupid trouble.
Wade shakes his head once again before taking a breath. "What do you want to know?"
He knelt down next to the chair and sucked in a breath. "You will talk, won't you? Because you and I both know I have
Peter can't seem to shake it... whatever "it" is. And neither can Bucky, though "it" isn't the same.
"We can see what we can do about getting you a good set up. Do you want a mirror one? We can do a mirrored one."
Steve sat down and said nothing as Bucky put his head down into his lap. Today was a close one, he knew. Bucky almost slipped and killed Stark, and they couldn't have that. That'd put Bucky away again, and Steve wasn't about to let Bucky be taken away from him again. Especially not after the last time. He never thought he'd see Bucky again after the fall... That's why he didn't have any problems going into the ice. It would save a lot of people, and he already didn't have anything to lose at that point.
Steve looked up with a smile and Bucky glanced at Natalia where she stood in the doorway, and Steve looked at her too before laughing softly. "Do the two of you have some plan for this seemingly strategically placed mistletoe?"
"And? What the hell is wrong with me?"
It wasn't hard to see the conflict in Tony's eyes. He knew that he was outnumbered here but he still had two choices. Put his foot down and become the bad guy, or roll over and show his stomach like the weak little puppy that he is. This was totally the wrong time, but Tony was lying if he didn't think that Bucky staring him down was the hottest thing since sliced bread... Did people still say that now? Oh well.
even after months of torture, Peter Parker still has such a big heart.
Peter's eyes lit up. "That's awesome!"
"Bucky. Look at us. We're alive and breathing and you're here with us, and we're
He pressed on through the trees, and the forest only seemed to get darker the farther in that he went. He pushed on through until he collided with a wall of trees. He turned around and there was a second wall. He was closed in by trees on all sides but one.
someone at Hydra has figured out what Peter's fears are
With one regular glace around it was easy to tell that someone had deliberately blinded him, and when he looked down at where Rumlow had been sitting he saw the empty chair and began to panic as he saw him walking right towards where Natalia was. Sure she could handle herself, but what if she couldn't be warned in time? Had Steve seen that?
He pulled a large knife from its holster on his hip and brought it down on the wrist strapped to the chair. Rumlow screamed but Bucky just clicked his tongue and swung twice more, to make sure it came all the way off.
Bruce shook his head again. "That's what I thought too, Tony. I'll have to take new scans and run more tests, but I'm sure that it's true."
He grabbed onto the doorway to the bedroom and in the kitchen was Nat, making tea. She spotted him and stopped everything to walk over to him. She could see the distress on his face. It didn't take a genius to see that he was scared. Of what she didn't know yet. When she last checked a few minutes ago, Peter had been peacefully asleep, just like he'd been when Steve called this morning, and when she showed up, and when Steve and Bucky took off this morning to hit the shops.
loved you, Peter... I never wanted you in my home... In my
Peter's cheeks flushed and he tried to shift away, asking him,
wanted this baby. This isn't something Peter wanted, not for a very long time anyways.
? They won't ever find you here. They don't
He remembers the trauma of the beatings, of the needles. He remembers the fear bubbling inside of him like boiling water. He remembers how it felt to be tied down and helpless, having countless people touch his previously unmarked skin and turning it into something else entirely. He remembers the air. The soul freeing relief when it was Steve who stood over him to take him from that God awful place.
Tony gripped onto Steve's shoulders while he straddled him and Steve gripped the younger man's thighs. They held eye contact as Tony lowered his hips and allowed Steve to fill him. The stretch was painful, but he missed it. His jaw dropped as he took Steve in to the hilt and all Steve could do was gasp and how fucking
Tony takes a shaking breath but Bucky shushes him before he gets a chance to speak. "You don't have to answer me now... For right now, you just need t'be taught a lesson about your attitude..."
On Bucky's next lift and preparation to stab, Steve grabbed onto his arm. "Bucky! Bucky, look, he's dead! Stop, look! "
But that might prove to be a problem considering that small spaces were now one of Peter's least favorite things on the planet. It was actually even worse than the old fear that he used to have of clowns.
"Good. I'm glad you understand that one way or another, I will kill you."
He had no fucking clue who this guy was and where he came from, but he seemed to know more than they did, and Peter seemed to trust him... And he did have a hand in saving their lives, so there was that. He didn't want to owe this stranger his life, but as of right now, it didn't seem like he had much of a choice.
Peter realizes very quickly that betrayal doesn't come from your enemies.
Peter shook his head. "You wanted me dead! You tried to kill me!"
Peter was getting frustrated by his lack of sleep. It made schoolwork hard to focus on and it made training difficult. He felt like there was something wrong with him, that he was a freak that couldn't ever get any damn shuteye. He felt like the others were judging him, Mr. Banner, Wanda, even Scott when he was on base.
Peter looked up at Bucky before looking back to the paper and with a quivering voice asked, "Is this...?"
So for now, it was just the two of them. And Bucky made easy work of getting Peter home, and into warmer clothes, and into bed underneath the best covers he and Steve had. He couldn't put him downstairs just yet as his part wasn't fixed up for him yet. And besides, he didn't want to leave him down there anyways, even if it was.
Some of it was hallucinations from medication, some of it was real, cold-blooded torture.
By the third round of presents, Peter already had a cute little pile beside of him. A handful of really good thermal socks, web fluid ingredients, brand new computer upgrade parts, and a belt from Natasha, because she keeps insisting that he needed one. Wade asked Steve to get out the top box in his bag for Peter, and Steve carefully passed the box over.
He could hear Ned and MJ both talking to him, but he wasn't sure where from. Where were they? Was he with them? He didn't know, he wasn't that well tuned in to the world around him right now and it worried him because the less time he spent focused on his lessons, the more time he was spending on thinking about the fact that he and Wade could've had a child together.
Steve could see the watch on his wrist was lit up red, and from here he could hear it vibrating. The moment he was about to stand, Bucky stood and crossed the room to the boy and pulled him carefully into his arms. Bucky was closest to Peter, there was no doubt, so it wasn't really a surprise when Peter let himself fall against Bucky's chest for a cry.
The box in itself was at least half of his size, almost like a box for a tall mini-fridge, but wider.
Rumlow pushed it open and the inside looked like a perfectly decent bedroom. It had a soft bed that Peter longed to sleep in, but that's not what he chose. Not now. He was more worried about satisfying the never-ending hunger inside of him. So when the man pushed him to sit in a chair, he didn't question it and didn't move.
And Bucky, standing there staring at the little boy in front of him, broken and bruised and covered in blood and beaten beyond any possible repair... He wanted to cry. He knew what it was like to be on the other end of Hydra's neverending torture. He knew what it was like to be treated like someone else for so long that you forget who you used to be. He knew what it was like to wish so desperately that someone knew him enough to bring him back.
, James Barnes, who regularly chaperoned girls on their dates and made out with the boy who lived next door to my parents when I was young, might think of
The voice cut him off. "Of coursssse you did, Peter! You couldn't live without me..."
He couldn't stop thinking about what Peter's note to him said. He ran a hand through his hair and began muttering to himself. "Because I know what they say? What does that mean?"
He scoffed and crossed his arms, "You said not to do it, but it's still fucked."
He nods and from across the room, Natasha can hear the quiet whir of the metal plates in his arm shifting, grinding together. She didn't have to look to know he'd clenched his fist, angry that he couldn't help.
"Bucky..." Steve ran his thumb along Bucky's stubbly jaw.
"It's alright. I get them too."
His Spidey senses were going haywire. He knew that it was a bad idea to be out here in the forest in the middle of a panic attack, but he didn't want to be inside either. He didn't want to feel the walls closing in on him. He didn't want to feel so big in a place so small.
Right now, they've silently told him that they just need him and his caring touch... He was told that once more when Peter arrived home from school. Bucky stirred and jolted upright so quickly that Steve was worried he'd had a nightmare, but he watched as Bucky's eyes settled on the door that opened mere seconds later to reveal Peter. His cheeks had tear tracks all over them and his body shook with the force of his sobs. His face was red and blotchy, covered in tears and snot.
"You want to earn some slack, don't you Parker? Maybe you want to eat a meal while it's hot? Take a shower? Get a haircut? Maybe you want the chance to be dressed in something warmer than a paper dress? Sleep somewhere other than a box?"
tell me the truth."
He couldn't see very far in the darkness, and keeping a hand out in front of him did nothing to help his cause. He could not see his hand, to begin with, but he knew these halls. There was nothing in front of him to collide with, and if there was... it wasn't meant to be there. These halls were vast and empty in both directions. He thought. Could he have been wrong? He had to be dreaming, there was no way the walls were narrowing the farther he went.
Nat watched her boys and suddenly felt extremely out of place here. This was never her home, it was theirs. She felt a lot like she was intruding on a life that wasn't hers. And sure, maybe if she'd been in this country at the time she could've had a place somewhere in Brooklyn, but that's not how her life was meant to work out. This was their home, their town. Brooklyn Heights didn't feel like the place for her yet.
"Tony, you left them, I didn't think it was going to be a big deal if he proposed or not.." Bruce was starting to feel like maybe Tony didn't feel the way he said he felt about him. He thought that maybe Tony was using him as some desperate ploy for Steve's attention, and maybe he was, but he would never tell Bruce either way.
He was a man on a mission.
And he never said a single word.
Steve began to press into Bucky, slowly and gently. Bucky's arms wrapped around his shoulders and he used this to pull Steve closer to him as if Steve didn't want to be as close to Bucky as humanly possible. Steve pulled back a little to watch Bucky's face as he rolled his hips. He saw the tears in the corners of Bucky's eyes but paid no mind. Bucky had already been crying beforehand, and he was very emotional when he bottomed.
Everyone perks up a little at Peter's name and somehow it's silently settled that now would be the perfect time to tell him about the apartment. Peter bounds down the stairs and Nat gets up to open the door, even though she's sure that he knows the code. He's carrying his bag in front of him and his smile is wide. He starts talking at 100 miles a minute talking about how he had a history project, and that he could technically do it on Steve because he's a historical figure.
Peter sat at the computer for hours on end, and Wade didn't bother him, didn't try to make him move. He brought Peter food when he heard the boy's stomach growl and brought him something to drink every time Peter emptied his glass. He only had to remind Peter to use the bathroom once, which was a lot less than he thought.
Tony... Steve didn't really know how he was supposed to feel about everything Tony'd just put him through in the last few months. They'd been arguing so much, but half of the time Steve didn't even know what they were arguing about. They'd argue for hours and make it from point A all the way to point Z and then some in as little as an hour. Their voices rose to levels so ungodly that Steve was glad the rooms were sound-proof.
happy Hannukah to anyone who celebrates!! // thoughts on Jewish Bucky?
He told the pair that he had plans to watch a movie and then head to bed once they dropped him off, and they decided they might just do that when they get home as well. Pepper says she's really glad that she got to meet him properly finally, and he agrees and says they should hang out again sometime. She says they'll make it a point to get together sometime soon and he walks upstairs to his floor.
The desk wasn't very big or very sturdy, but he knew that Peter would find a way to make it work.
When Wade pulled his hands away from Peter, he whined. But Wade just shushed him and stood to take his own pants off. Peter blushed more than he'd done in the last hour when Wade was naked in front of him.
It didn't take a genius like Bruce Banner to know that Peter Parker would never act without being totally sure of himself. So right now, Wade knew Peter was just worried about him... But Wade also knew that this wasn't just for the fun of it, or because he meant anything to Peter. He was meant to serve as a distraction for Peter, nothing more. He also knew that shutting the kid down would set the kid off worse than just letting him do his thing would, and so Wade just did what he knew he needed to do, and pulled Peter's hips down to settle on his lap.
He could've gotten Peter killed. He promised to get Peter out of this life, and he took him right back into the line of fire. He deserved their anger. Peter could have died today, and for what? They were no closer to the end than they had been before.
She threw her head back and laughed. "Steve would never tell you anything. He may be blonde, but he's smarter than you bother to give him credit for."
"Bucky, I don't want to have to try and sedate you again, so you need to calm down. You need to breathe."
Peter laughed at that. "Yeah, I guess you're right. But you're sure?"
"Wade, please... I miss you." He begged quietly into the merc's ear.
"Hungry?"
"Not at all... He was throwin' up when he called. Was sleepin' when I picked him up." Bucky shifted in his chair and tucked his feet beneath him like a bird on a nest. "No fever, n' he's been fine ever since."
Bruce scoffed, "So you think I'm stupid?"
What's Christmas without a little angst?
And when they fought, Bruce got angry and the big guy almost got loose, but Tony didn't care. He kept fighting and arguing and eventually, he broke up with Bruce, and almost physically threw him out of the lab.
"Why would you do that?"
Now, Wade didn't have any facts that Peter was even afraid of Stark at all, but he had his suspicions. The voices wondered if maybe Stark had knocked the kid around before. Wade shot that idea down immediately because he knew well enough from just watching Peter interact with the others that if Tony Stark ever laid so much as a finger on Peter Parker's head, everyone on that base would gladly rip him to shreds without a second thought.
The door opened not long after Bucky left, and in walked Nat along with a limping Peter. He had crutches that he used, but Steve understood that sometimes they can get a little, okay, a lot, annoying. Somehow, Peter never let them bother him.
Wade and Ned shared a look, and then he was following Peter out of the building. Peter and Wade both knew that Peter's 'parents' would be having words with them later, and in Wade's case, maybe a few bullets.
Peter is confused... And then he is angry.
sorry this is so damn late, my mother and younger sister had their birthdays and we've been celebrating.
Wade suffers the punishment of leaving the base and helping Peter run off.
Peter nodded as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes and Bucky got up from the bed to go down to the kitchen. Peter followed, half leaning on Natasha as they made their way through the halls. As everyone on base knew, tired Peter was a clumsy Peter, and he often walked into things. Walls, furniture, other people. He once knocked into the counter and apologized to it, unaware that there were three other people in the kitchen to see it all unfold. Another time he ran into Vision and mistook him for a wall, but apologized anyway.
"You're safe."
Wade pays no mind and instead offers the boy one of the smaller bags with a chuckle, and Peter almost wants to ask what he's laughing about, but he doesn't. Instead, he just gently removes the tissue paper and peers into the bag. He takes out the bubble wrapped object inside and carefully unwraps it, listening in to Wade's commentary at the same time.
Tony shook his head as best as he could while sucking on Bucky's thumb. Bucky took a moment to pull his hand away, leaving Stark in the middle of the floor with no contact once again.
The man spoke again. "Is Anthony with you?"
Peter is given the means to escape, they just aren't ideal. (part 2)
'Stark doesn't care about the kid. He only cares about what the kid can do.' He thinks. 'Stark is looking at this kid like a science experiment.'
Bucky truly was so in love with this boy, not in the way that he was in love with Steve, but in the way that a mother loves their child. Seeing this happy, healthy, loving young boy in his home, in his care... It seemed to fill a void inside of him that he didn't even know he'd had before he met the boy. The first time Tony let Peter into his life was a blessing in disguise.
He wanted to call her out, wanted to demand that he be allowed home, but his heart was too soft. His heart didn't want to press her for answers in fear of stressing her out farther than she already sounded. His heart told him to shut up and be content, not burden Aunt May anymore. He waited a moment before telling her goodbye and hanging up.
The glaring through the mask was the last thing Peter saw before the Wade on recording shot the camera.
Wade rubbed circles onto the back of Peter's hand while they sucked each other off, a strangely wholesome moment for such a sinful act. Peter eventually released Wade's hand in favor of moving it into his hair.
Natalia seemed pleased as T'Challa promised them that if Peter joined them, he would still be able to attend his classes and earn his points towards graduation, and maybe even graduate early if he did well enough. He could work and earn money, he would have a clean place to live and good food to eat. He would be treated just like everyone else, like family. He and Bucky both.
Peter had always hated being alone, but now all he ever really was was alone. He couldn't stand it. Okoye offered to walk him to the Princess' lab and he accepted as quickly as he could, damn sounding needy.
Peter, however, did not go to rest. He went instead down the hall and into the kitchen. He was pained but he was hungry. He didn't want to mention the injury, but Wanda noted his pain and discomfort the moment he walked into the room.
"This... Baby, his father..."
Peter thrashed beneath Wade, trying to rip himself free from his grasp. He struggled to no avail.
Rumlow had released his hair and taken a step back. The man with the arm was repeating himself again, that same phrase. The one that kept them both sane inside of this hell. "Barnes... James Buchanan... Sergeant... 3... 2... 5... 5..."
This time the person took an interest. "Oh, you poor, deluded child... Deadpool works for us. He has
It was getting too easy. Why hadn't anything happened yet? Friday was meant to alert someone at the first sign of Bucky turning on them, so why hadn't anything happened?
But for them all.
That's why he trusted his own doctors to do what they could for Peter and keep their mouths shut about this random child that Tony Stark was wandering around with all of a sudden. He trusted them not to breathe a word of Peter or his injuries to anyone.
? Just like that? My...
"Of course I knew, Barnes. You made it clear as goddamned water."
But it had really fucking good food stands. Hot dogs, tacos, snow-cones, you name it. Wade, had an endless appetite, and Peter hadn't eaten since the day before. He let Wade buy him a snow-cone.
Marie was now curled up with MJ on the floor, their limbs tangled together and hair covering their faces. It was cute. Wade turned off the bathroom lights and locked Peter's door after doing a quick glance around to make sure everything was where it was supposed to be. He used the dimmer to turn down the lights and smiled when Peter plugged in the fairy lights strung across the bed's headboard.
She quickly left the bathroom and it was easy to hear the abrupt ending of the music and the girl pushing all of the other kids out the front door. In the meantime, Wade had both guns trained on a couple of the seniors and was standing in front of the door so none of them could leave.
Nat watched on. Bucky and Peter held each other so highly. They were talking quietly, each sporting huge smiles. Peter was going on about how excited he was for Bucky to open the gift he got him. Bucky felt the same, telling Peter that if he didn't like it then he could always pick something else, but Peter insisted that he'd love it no matter what it was.
Steve shook his head, "Buck-"
because he
Peter did a mental assessment of his injuries. His leg didn't feel any different and he thinks his limp might last forever. He was still mostly deaf in one ear, especially since his hearing aid was missing entirely now. Mr. Stark might be mad that he lost a second one already. Even at just a short glance, he could tell that some of his smaller scars had faded entirely, leaving nice undamaged patches of skin in some places.
And then the panic began again. He couldn't even think straight as the man put his legs back down and halfways fixed his hospital gown. He'd been kidnapped, to make a child?! This couldn't be right, this couldn't be happening. All he could do was keep crying as he left.
And Bucky had to consider it. Of course, he did. A safe place for Peter? A mostly normal life? It's all he's wanted for the boy since he came into his care, but of course, he wasn't Peter's only parent. He couldn't just decide on his own.
"If he really is carrying a child..." She started. He held a hand up to stop her from speaking.
He pulled up the chair. And sat.
He remembers Howard Stark's floating car and the amazement on Bucky's face... But he also remembers not being excited or able to focus, as he knew it was Bucky's final night in Brooklyn.
"My mom had cancer, she died when I was young, and my dad... Wasn't the greatest, so I was left to care for myself at an early age." Wade stirred what looked like vegetables and meat in one skillet, and noodles in the other pot. "He was always gone, and he was... Abusive, when he was home. I had to cook for him when he was home and awake to eat."
stop talking about them. She furrows her brows and Steve turns around because he'd said it kind of suddenly and a little bit loud. It was easy to see the conflict on the boy's face and Nat, not quite understanding the state of Peter's memory issues, doesn't quite register what the problem is.
It's 28 days after Peter's rescue and Steve train of thought always ended up in the same place.
Bucky let out a whimpering sob that confirmed the answer to Steve's question. Natalia looked a little confused as she looked up at Steve, but he wasn't about to tell her. It wasn't his place and lovers or not it would be a serious break of trust and privacy to Bucky.
"Baby, what's the matter?" Steve brushed Bucky's hair from his face. He didn't use the pet names very often, but Bucky loved it when he did. Steve knew, but he didn't want to use them too much, in case it started to be too much for Bucky instead.
Rumlow pulled his hand away from the boy's ass, only to grab him around the waist and lift him from the tub. Peter wiggled in the man's grasp but earned a harsh slap on the ass. He decided to just hold still and take whatever was going to happen. If it would be his ticket out of here, it didn't really matter.
After Natasha came is when it got worse.
Rumlow was interested in this boy before him. Not because he gave a damn about the kid, but because he'd been under Captain America's wings for so long he turned goody-two-shoes. Well, he wanted to see the Captain suffer, and what better way to accomplish that than to torture the boy he claimed as his own?
Nat stepped around the counter to greet them and Peter smiles, holding small-talk with her until his eyes are drawn to the bracelet she was wearing. He reaches up and carefully touches a finger to one of the shiny spiders. Nat crouches next to his wheelchair and allows him to keep looking at it, loving the interest he's putting into the glittering jewels.
Peter turned around and there on the floor was a scarred man, staring up at him with wide eyes.
Peter sees Wade and he's not sure how to feel about the butterflies in his stomach. (part 2)
"No! I tried to save you! I~"
He could hear the crashing metal that he imagined when he thought of the way his parents died. It'd been a plane crash when Peter was only four. Both caskets had to be closed.
Peter thinks that was the scariest part, seeing Nat's worry as she listened to what Wade said. She probably didn't believe it all 100%, like, she was a spy, she knew a lot of stories were fake. It was just her job to find out which ones, and if this one was fake, she didn't know yet. And if Nat didn't know, then nobody knew.
The last time he was here, it was cold and dark. A draft came through the poorly sealed windows and the door rattled with every gust of wind. He didn't remember why he was drawn to the place, but he remembered the feeling in his heart. The dark, throbbing despair that ached with every beat of his heart and filled his veins with ice-cold water. He remembers the way that The Winter Soldier made his way through the apartment. He was slow, eyes accustomed to the darkness that engulfed him. He let his eyes flick over each object in the small space but froze when his eyes landed on a photo.
