Of course the very next day, when they meet up again, Sherlock takes John out to a crime scene. John is smitten. He has actually found an interesting, threadless man who likes danger as much as he does! John tries to subtly convey that, "Hey, we're both without soul bonds! You're gorgeous, intelligent and dangerous! I think we could possibly have a chance at attempting a relationship."
Was John's guess.) But unbeknownst to the blogger, Sherlock was actually on a jeweler's website looking for engagement and wedding rings.
“What you are about to see may surprise and shock you. No matter how you decide to react will alter that fact that I care and love you deeply. Please remember that.” With that, Sherlock turns and opens the door for the fearful doctor. John steps in first but quickly freezes in his tracks as he sees what is laid out before him.
The moment only lasts for a few seconds, but time carries onward as he kisses her forehead, and sets her down again to allow her to play with her blocks once more.
When John was conscious, he was extremely delirious or in excruciating pain. Unbeknownst to the now ex-army doctor, it would take nearly a year to gain stability enough to be flown back to London. As his 36th birthday neared, Clara visited him in the hospital in tears. “J-John, we didn’t hear w-word, and…and Harry she….” Clara sobs.
Out of every possible scenario John could think up last night before bed, Sherlock silently crying was not one of them.The other hand not occupied in John’s grasp covers his full cupid bows and his eyes clenched shut tightly as tears began trickling down his angular face. Just as John begins to panic, giggles begin spilling past Sherlock’s lips in what sounds to be pure joy. Through the tears, Sherlock smiles softly and says, “I’ve been in love with you all this time.”
!" Finally, though, it was time for the detective to return back to what he does best. He would be taking a cab out in just a few short minutes to a crime scene pertaining to a serial killer that had a thing for eyes and hands.
From there, the conversation becomes broken whispers and choked out words uttered by two heart-broken men. The last words Sherlock would speak to John where, "Goodbye, John. I love you." When the last word was uttered he threw his phone to the side, spread his arms out, and falls forward.
John feels instantly foolish, because, yes, he has. He sees it in the way Sherlock smiles his ‘just for John smile,’ or the way his eyes still light up after every ‘Extraordinary’ and, ‘Brilliant!’ He feels it when Sherlock looks earnestly at him to say, ‘I love you,’ or when they kiss. John smiles at this new realization: “You’re right, of course. I know he loves me. It’s really nice to know that someone else sees it too, though. Thanks, Greg.” The greying detective smiles as he says, “ Don’t mention it, mate.”
, only smirks and then proceeds tells Sherlock that his mate is John. If he didn't have control over his facial features, he would have grimaced and blushed. The detective then lashes out in his embarrassment, due to showing his heart to his insufferable older brother. The British government then tells Sherlock that John has moved out of Baker Street and has 'moved on' with his life. That stops Sherlock for a moment, but no matter, when John sees Sherlock he'll move back in and everything will be like it was before.
“What the hell are you doing here,” Mycroft spews out. Taken aback by the other man’s hostility, John takes a step back and stutters out, “I-I’m here for Sherlock! They called me and—.” Mycroft, if it were possible becomes angrier and seethes, “You have no right to be here. After all that you’ve done? Sherlock has been through enough pain caused by your hands. All that he’s worked for, everything that he has accomplished turned to ruin because of you.”
Sherlock blinks owlishly at John's quivering body and then reaches out and places his hand on John's. John's head snaps up and takes in Sherlock's glistening eyes. "There's always something." Sherlock tugs and pulls John's body toward his until he can place slightly chapped lips against thin warm ones. The kiss is chaste at first but quickly turns into a warm caress that expresses sorrow, worry, forgiveness, but most of all love. When they finally part for needed oxygen, Sherlock rests his forehead against John's and quietly whispers, "I thought you were leaving me and I would be all alone again. I hated myself for driving you away and I felt the need to be punished. I didn't want to go back to being so alone."
He provided the bare minimum amount of care for his children. Most of the time, Mr. Watson left John and Harry with Marideth’s mother, Beatrice, as he disappeared for days at a time. When Mr. Watson would finally return home, he would drop in on the children long enough to give Beatrice insufficient funds to feed, clothe, and take care of children before driving to the nearest pub to drink away the majority of his money. This would continue for four years.
The lanky detective wakes up with a soft groan as he stretches his long limbs and turns sleepy eyes on his beloved and he whispers out a warm, “Hello, John.” The blogger answers with his own whispered greeting against his husband’s lips as he places loving kisses on soft cupid bows. Sherlock withdraws and pulls out one of the pamphlets Mycroft had given them.
love any of them. Yes, you are all of those things, but I’m not going anywhere. I know how you are and I love you because of them, not despite of them.”
Well, that's it! Goodness, what a ride! I enjoyed this story so, so much. I love it. It's been one of my favorites to write and I can honestly say that I am so proud of it. I hope you enjoyed this story, too. I hope you like the ending! I've had this in mind from the very beginning. I was doing homework and suddenly, the last line came to me. I stared out into the distance for the longest time, dropped my pencil, and raced to write it down. I thought it was perfect! I hope it is well received. Anyway, I saved this for the end so you can just skip it if you want, but on to the thank you's.
Notes: This chapter is slightly longer (by at least by 100 words). This one is leading up to happier times! I promise! It will get better! To all of you who have commented, favorited, followed, and watched me as an individual. I want to take this time to thank you. So, Thank you! *blushes* you all have been so very kind and have made this an enjoyable experience for me! I hope to have done this fandom justice and to have appeased all Johnlockians :D.
“Is that all I am to you?” Something cold settles along John’s spine. Sherlock raises empty eyes toward the doctor, “A colleague?” To John’s horror, Sherlock’s eyes fill with tears. “They’ve told me all my life that I am nothing. I was told that I would never have anyone, that I would always be alone…but I had you. Now I see that they were right. How idiotic I’ve been.” Here, Sherlock blinks away his tears and he barks out a self-depreciative laugh. “How could I have been so blind?”
With one hand gripping the door knob, Greg turns to John and says, "Listen, I just wanted you to know that I'm thankful Sherlock has you. I was there when he had his danger nights. I knew him at his worst. I thought he would never find anyone, because he never had anyone but me and Mycroft. I know the pompous uncaring arse, but with you he is like a totally new person. At one time I said he was a great man, but you make him good. I just wanted to thank you for sticking by his side and loving him. He needed someone like you."
The heavily medicated sleuth beams a broad, joyful smile up at his soul mate. "You came! I told Mycroft you would! He didn't believe me. Stupid git. I almost started to believe him but you're here now, so it's all okay!" John suddenly finds himself wrapped up in long, lanky limbs with dark curls brushing his chin. He bends his head slightly to press a loving kiss into the raven locks. "Yes, I'm here."
After a few hours, or maybe it was only several minutes, a looming figure slowly approaches the amateur detective. The man says nothing, but he smugly smiles at the detective’s anguished appearance before he passes a bag filled with a white substance of the 7% variety. The ebony haired man all but throws the money at the man as he flees the darkened alleyway.
As soon as the door opened, John heard a bellowing "BORED!" from the single occupant in the room. Usually that was met with an eyeroll or an amused chuckle. Instead, John broke out into a relieved smile and approached the bed in hurried strides. Once at the bedside, John giggled when he took in the disheveled appearance of the annoyed detective. Sherlock wore a blue hospital gown that looked like it had swallowed him whole. "I know love. There isn't much I can do though. You have to stay tonight under observation." At John's words, Sherlock let out a humorless snort.
' Sherlock silently supplies). His Shoulders are tense and eyebrows are furrowed. When Sherlock catches his love's eye, John nods his head as if to say, '
Under John’s scrutiny, Sherlock raises one self-conscious hand up and absentmindedly scratches his chest where Mary had shot him. John’s anger once again flares to life, but this time, it’s not aimed at the detective. John takes a deep breath and forcefully relaxes and softens his voice as he gently inquires, “Sherlock, why do you want me to go back to her?” There is a long pause and John hesitates thinking of asking again in case the detective wasn’t listening or hadn’t heard, but before John can open his mouth, the lanky man’s head drops down to his chest as he refuses to look John in the eyes as he quietly replies, “Because…you...you... chose her.”
He had resisted the urge to resort to past methods of destruction for three days. He removed and disabled the tracking device on his phone and he ignored any and all texts or calls from everyone, especially John. He stayed with members of his trusted homeless network and he had managed to stay true to his promise to stay clean despite all the things in his mind reminding him that the one person he loved more than anything now hated him. The only thing that kept Sherlock from the self-destruction he craved was the thought of John’s disappointed face if he found out if Sherlock had fallen back into old habits. That all changed on the third day.
As they stepped through the threshold together, (Sherlock, then closely followed by John) they looked around and noticed Mycroft had kept his word. John's possessions now fill the empty crevices that were once conspicuous and mocked Sherlock, every time he viewed the bare places. John knows that without having to look, that each and every item would be in its proper place.
Okay, so this chapter took a long time to publish because I went on a bit of a holiday. I met wonderful people, but a three day trip that was supposed to make my rapidly deepening and alarming depression slightly better, only made everything worse and my anxiety a thousand times worse than it already was. I'm not in a good place, so both of these things made updating a slow, slow process.
It has been said that falling is a lot like flying. People say that there is a brief moment in which both fear the ultimate impact. Those who fly fear failure. They fear that they will not be able to complete the task before them. But to those who fall, they unfortunately, if they succeed...have a more permanent destination and fear that last moment of conscious thought.
He isn't sure how long he lay staring at his phone but, beside him, John was awaking slowly. By the time John blinks up at him, he has abandoned the phone momentarily in order to smile down at the sleepy former army doctor. "Good morning, John." The drowsy blogger smiles up at his disheveled consulting detective. "Good morning."
Sherlock waits for just a moment before saying, “No... because I took your pulse, and I waited. And your pupils dilated. I imagine John Watson thinks love's a mystery to me,” Sherlock remembers briefly a conversation about love that entails kisses and smiles bitterly while he retrieves her phone. “But the chemistry is incredibly simple and very destructive. When we first met you told that a disguise is always a self-portrait; how true of you. The combination to your safe - your measurements but this, this is far more, this is your heart,” Sherlock Inserts a letter, “And you should never let it rule your head. You could have chosen any random number and walked out of here today with everything you've worked for,” He inserts another letter. “But you just couldn't resist it, could you? I've always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage.” Another. “Thank you for the final proof.” He inserts the final letter of the code and the phone unlocks.
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British, Bullying, Mentions of drug abuse, AU
The detective gently pushes his love away and goes to retrieve two plates which are adorned with Angelo’s signature ravioli. He then retrieves an expensive looking bottle of wine which he pours into two tall glasses. Sherlock places this all on the table and then proceeds to take John’s hands and lead him over to the table. The nervous detective draws out the doctor’s chair and motions for him to sit down. Once the blogger has been seated, Sherlock goes over to his own chair, sits, and the pair begins to eat. The meal consisted of stolen glances, hushed tones, and short kisses which were initiated by both men.
Out of all the questions Sherlock had expected John to ask, that was not one of them. Sherlock’s demeanor then changes, his arms slacken slightly, his shoulders slacken, and he then turns to face John to softly reply, “It didn’t seem important at the time. You were obviously hurting and I didn’t want to add unnecessary strain to our already strained relationship. I had hopes that when I finally did return that you would be amenable to pick up where we had left off. I know I’m not the easiest man to live with but I had hoped when Mycroft had talked to you about our soul bounds you would have come back to me, but you didn’t. Now that I had a soul mate, I didn’t want to drive him away because I said something foolish.” He takes a moment to draw in a near inaudible breath and cast his eyes downward before continuing. “As the time passed, I just assumed that you wanted to forget about what all had happened. I didn’t want to hurt you anymore than I already had."
Without warning, Sherlock goes to dive out of his chair, but Mary catches him around the middle and shifts with his body weight, remaining behind the detective the entire time as they both land on the concrete floor. John can’t get a clear shot and she knows it. She laughs maniacally and states, “Oh, boys. I know that trick. That won’t work with me, dear.”
Her face was arranged in an ugly scowl, her once pretty features have been twisted until unrecognizable by her hatred. When she begins to speak, her eyes are like ice, voice filled with hatred before saying, "Yes, I've done it. I've always been the bad child. 'Why can't you be like Brianna, Alicia? She's perfect, smart, funny, and everyone likes her!' No one ever notices me. I'm always overlooked. When Brianna called saying she had got the promotion, I was so...angry! It was just going to be another thing she would get recognized for that I wouldn't. I came over here and killed her."
John then scrambles up staring wide eyed at his detective as he stutters out, "But...but, what if we were to get married? Would that ever be something that you would want?"
The ebony haired sleuth smiles and nods his head. As the pair makes their way through the building and outside to hail a cab, John gently takes his detective’s hand into his smaller, tanner digits. Sherlock looks down and stares at their entwined hands until the blogger quietly questions, “Problem?” The younger man looks up into dark blue eyes as he smiles and says, “No, it’s fine. It’s all fine.”
? Did you drug them, torture them to make them stay? You've must've done something. No one would willingly stay with you for over ten seconds let alone a lifetime. The only reason John stays with you is because he pities you." Anderson laughs before taking over Donovan's cruel words, "Aw, look at the sad little pretend detective! He doesn't even have any friends!"
Minutes or hours pass them by without the pair noticing. When they finally break their tight embrace, both men seem to finally realize how close they are to each other. John’s eyes drop down to the detective’s lips and one hand comes up to gently cup Sherlock’s cheek. Slowly, so as to give Sherlock plenty of time to pull away if needed, John leans in and kisses the one and only Consulting Detective. It is soft and sweet and everything a first kiss
That’s been happening a lot lately. Whenever Sherlock thinks John can't see him, he looks heartbroken, as if he wants desperately to say something, but the words never come out right. Now, though, John’s had enough.
"How did you...never mind.. I don't want to know" Sherlock only laughs softly and replies, "Obvious. It's on the left side of the bed which would correspond with your dominate hand. You wouldn't want it out in the open where anyone could see it, but, would want it close by. Therefore, in the nightstand."
Mycroft gets Sherlock involved with the DI Lestrade and gets Sherlock into solving cases. This seems to be the best medicine for Sherlock and he now is generally happy. He does suffer from 'dark moods' but things seem to be going well for Sherlock. He has balance to his life and now has a
As they leave Scotland Yard with the remaining case files, the detective stops in front of sergeant Donavan to whisper something to her. Sally’s mouth hangs open in shock as Sherlock straightens his coat and leaves. When John catches up to his mate, Sherlock beams down at him while taking the doctor’s smaller hand in his larger one. John looks up at his mate for a moment before hesitatingly asks, “So…what did you say to Donovan?”
Sherlock stares as John exudes obvious anger and frustration. The detective desperately wants to correct the other man, but he holds his tongue, curls up in the familiar leather of the couch, and he grips his curls tightly as he quickly lowers his head against his knees to prevent John from reading his expression. He swallows thickly before he inquires as impassively as possible, “What exactly do you want from me, John?”
Today fucked me up. I didn't want to watch the episode and I didn't watch the episode. I will NOT watch the episode. However, I am reading all the fluffiest fanfiction, I am listening to all the happy music, and I am posting a happy-ish chapter for you. They meet and I PROMISE you, they love each other. I am still part of the TJLC community, and I will forever be so. We are important, we are valid, how we feel is important, and we are a family. We are a community of people who believe in love and acceptance and I am forever grateful to meet you all. Thank you for seven years of love.
Suddenly, as if inspiration strikes, Sherlock surges out of his chair--far more gracefully than any drunk should have the capacity for--and tugs John to his feet and leads them into a sloppy waltz. John steps on his feet more often than not, but Sherlock giggles all the more as John’s face grows redder with every drunken misstep. In some part of John’s brain, bright, flashing
(on his own computer, it wouldn't do for John to become aware of Sherlock's plans before he could implement them) but he had come up empty handed. The websites were decidedly unhelpful. All they had to suggest were plebeian, boring things that made Sherlock feel as though his brain were leaking through his ears. He finally swallowed his pride and asked Mycroft for help which he would only ever do for John.
"Love, I'm not going anywhere." John says as he brushes away the tears that are falling from beautiful verdigris eyes. Sherlock, though, seems to only cry harder before replying brokenly with, "You are now, but you'll leave! You always leave. I thought that when I could finally come home, you'd be happy. You asked me to come back. I've been so alone." The melancholy detective has briefly stopped crying but this possibly is much worse. He seems to be lost in his own head, eyes staring blankly at the bland wall, reliving his own twisted past.
"I just want you to know" John whispers into dark curls, "that if you ever feel the way like you had before, you can come and talk to me. I never want to know of a time that you feel as if you can't confide in me. No matter what happens, I'll love you forever, but you can't do that to me again. You'll be the death of me."
"I love you too." A pair of thin lanky arms encircle the bloggers frame, holding just as tightly onto his soulmate and love. Without moving out of the comfortable embrace, John looks up at the towering detective before smiling and saying, "Now, enough worrying. We have a wedding to plan!"
notion. Though, that is exactly what John is doing.  He is missing all those things, yes,  but, above that, he misses the genius detective.
The sleuth straightens to his full height, turns his face slightly, and says in an air of feigned indifference, “I wanted to thank you for taking such good care of me.” John’s grin broadens and he stretches up on his tiptoes to place a lingering kiss against the detective’s smooth cheek. “Love, you didn’t have to do all this, but thank you anyway.” Sherlock only smiles and leads the besotted blogger to the table and sits him gently down. He goes over to his violin case to retrieve his beloved violin and draws the bow lightly across the strings. He tunes the pegs for a few seconds but then quickly sweeps John away in his beautiful melody.
He was prepared to delete the entire experience but when he ventured into his Mind Palace to the door that was marked, “
Any reply from John would go unnoticed. Behind Sherlock comes an angry huff and loud footsteps that approach the door. "Good. I can't
Unfortunately, though, he begins to remember what he had said and done just hours previously. He can feel his face heat traitorously and tighten in embarrassment. Sherlock, the ever dignified and proud man, had behaved so childishly and immaturely in front of his beloved.  In order to avoid the inevitable discussion of feelings, and further embarrassment. Sherlock tries to subtly make his way out of the bed. At that moment his wound decides to cause him some pain and his treturous body betrays him,yet again, as he lets out an involuntary moan of discomfort. The man before him jerks awake as if denying that he had been previously asleep this entire time. John blinks blurred eyes up at the agitated sleuth.
Notes: I made this one happier. I am trying :). I usually write angst but I couldn't stand, when going into this, ending this badly. So, the next one most likely will only have fluff. I hope you enjoy this! I worked really hard and had been writing all day and I though I'd post :D
Mummy Homes rose with an air of elegance as she greeted the newly weds with a warm smile: “Sherlock and John Watson-Holmes. Congratulations!” The answering smile on both men’s faces were genuine. The classy woman kisses her son on the cheek and moves to envelope John in a warm hug to whisper in his ear, “I’m so happy for you both. He has loved you for a long time, John. I’m so pleased to see it reciprocated.” John’s choked out reply conveys sincerity as he says, “Thank you Mrs. Holmes. I do love him too.”
John looks truly baffled. The tears have finally stopped and Sherlock looks at John in cool defiance. He is ready for the confirmation that will end his entire relationship. He tries to convince himself that he doesn't need John but there is proof to the contrary burning beneath white wrapping.
John holds his breath as he waits for an answer. Silence and the disconcerting blinking from before returns full force as the Consulting Detective tries to desperately understand what John is implying. Cupid bowed lips open once as if he is about to reply, but his mouth closes as the rapid blinking continues. John doesn’t say anything. The small smile never leaves John’s face as he sits silently waiting for the detective to process the turn of events. After what feels like an eternity has passed, Sherlock finally speaks, “So…you mean to say, that is, you’re happy here—.”
To John it had seemed that Sherlock had been falling for hours. To him, everything had slowed down. He stood,
Anyway, I'm going to say this now. I AM NOT A FAN OF MARY. IF YOU ARE A FAN OF MARY, THIS FANFICTION WILL MOST LIKELY NOT BE FOR YOU. I want to get that out of the way now, because I, unlike John in the show, could not forgive her for shooting Sherlock. He is my child and I love him so very much. Also, this is part one of two. I'll post the second chapter tomorrow. I'm really tired tonight. As always, happy reading! I hope you have a good week!
John's conscience comes into play as he remembers that no, they haven't talked about this and that the detective is currently asleep. With a mournful glance at his own raging hard-on, John places his hands on the arms wrapped around his waist and tries to shake the aroused sleuth awake, "Sherlock."
Also...There are certain things in this story that were determined from the very beginning. Certian things I wanted from the start. Without giving too much away, I want to say the words, Betrayal, Love, and Joy. These words and these chapters assosiated with these words have elements in them that were planned from the start.
The detective places a gentle kiss against the doctors lips before withdrawing long enough to nod his head in affirmation. The doctor brings his hands up slowly to the detective's waistband and inches them downwards so that his member stands proud. He then allows Sherlock to do the same to him.
“I promise. Now, dry those tears and let’s see a smile!” John peers up at her and grins. As he wipes his tears, he throws his arms around her waist and buries his face in her stomach, “Thank you mummy.” His mother places a hand on top of his head and pets his hair back, “You’re welcome Johnny. I have a question for you though. How do you know that your soul mate will be a boy?” John looks up at her, giggles, and says, “That’s easy! I can feel it in my heart!” With that, he runs to retrieve his little toy soldier that will soon occupy his time with strategic battles and rescued civilians.
John doesn’t want to lie to the other man and because of that, for the first time, he is completely honest when he replies with, “I chose her once, yes. You were gone. You left me alone again—which we are still going to talk about at some point—but this time, I couldn’t hail a cab or scale a wall to reach you. I wanted to join you most days, though. I almost followed you several times, in fact. I sat in my room with my gun in my mouth thinking of how easy it would have been to pull the trigger.”
In John and Sherlock’s shared opinion, they had never seen anyone more beautiful. The detective was wearing a fitted, black, bespoke suit, which clung to his skin in just the right ways. Underneath the black material lies a striking white shirt and deep purple vest, which was finished off with a matching purple bow tie. John, on the other hand, wore the same stylish black suit, a crisp white shirt, but with a bright blue vest along with his own matching bow tie. The soon to be wedded pair meet each other in the middle and embrace. John says into his threadmate’s chest, “I missed you very much.” Sherlock rests his head on top of the blogger’s sandy blond hair: “I did not anticipate the effect one day would have, but I must confess that I missed you, too.”
"You don't earn it. You can't. I don't love you for some small iota of worth. I don't suffer through your flaws but I won't pretend you don't have any. We both aren't perfect but we are perfect for each other. I love you, dark moods and all. That's all that really matters in the end." When John finishes, he reaches up and wipes away the tears falling from verdigris eyes, gives him a kiss, and then pulls Sherlock closer until they fit snugly together, hugging and cuddling closely.
Sherlock begins to explain how exactly he knew how to turn off the bomb, and just as he finishes, the former blogger can hear police sirens overhead. John turns disbelieving eyes on the other man and threatens without heat, “Oh, I’m definitely going to kill you.” Sherlock’s mirth never falters as he states, “Oh please! Killing me? That was
John wipes his eyes on his jumper, stands up, and watches as Sherlock clambers his way up. When they stand face to face, John pulls him in for a hug. The sleuth melts into the familiar embrace only briefly until the blogger is gone and is replaced with a quiet click of the front door. The hug, although brief, had told Sherlock enough to know that he was not completely forgiven. There were still many things that needed to be settled between the two.
John's heart clenches in his chest for his belittled soulmate. He steps forward and wraps his arms around the detective's slim waist before burying his head in his chest. "There's nothing wrong with you love. People will belittle the unique and beautiful because they feel intimidated or inferior to someone else. To make themselves appear big, they will crush and stop the brightest stars until they can't shine. You are the brightest star there ever was. They feel intimidated by you so they try to make you feel like you aren't worth anything, but you are the most valuable person I know. The world would be so dark without you and I would be so lost and lonely with you gone. You have given me so much and I owe you everything. I love you and many others do as well. We know you are wonderful just the way you are."
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of voilence (off screen?) and disfigurement (all of these are just to be safe. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please).
The weight of John's outburst finally seems to hit the blogger, and he realizes just how royally he has screwed up.
They both climb the stairs in silence and that continues until each occupant has stepped foot into their beloved home. Sherlock turns slowly to John with lugubrious eyes before asking, "What's wrong with me? What have I done? I've only ever been myself, isn't that good enough? Why do so many people hate me?"
If John hadn't been looking at Sherlock, he would have missed the nearly imperceptible flinch that he tries desperately to hide but can't when John speaks these words. Since John is staring so intently at Sherlock; however, he sees it all. The consulting detective’s voice wavers momentarily before evening out as he states, “I said I'm trying to. I haven't said anything to Mary. I haven't done anything to drive her way. I didn't interrupt your life with her. I'm trying, John, but… you came back. You came back to Baker Street, and staying away has become so hard.” The impassive façade momentarily drops as his voice waivers, once again, with usually concealed emotion. He tries and fails to get his vocal chords under control, but his words sound strangled and sad as he continues, “I thought you wanted me to come back. I was there that day. I heard you. You asked for a miracle, and I fought so hard to give you one…”
Special Thanks: Anne, my lovely Beta, who stuck with me until the very end. You have truly been exceptional!
Slowly, his eyes open and he stares up at his surgeon and he desperately utters out a choked, “Mary,” before unconsciousness pulls him under once more. The next thing he clearly remembers—although everything is still fuzzy around the edges—is Mary’s singsong voice demanding, “Sherlock, don’t you dare tell John,” before, once more, succumbing. When he wakes up the third time, he knows that he will stay lucid and coherent until he himself is ready to sleep. He looks to his right and there sits Janine. After a, surprisingly, tame conversation, Sherlock decides that Mary must be found and that it is time to leave, but first, he needs to go to the flat to move some furniture around. He gets away so easily. ‘
John, not knowing what else to do, raises his hand and rushes forward to comfort his lover, but stops when the sleuth flinches in response. He lowers his hand and his voice to a calm whisper of reassurance as he says, “No. God, no. Love, you have absolutely nothing to be sorry about. If anyone should apologize, it should be me.”
The kiss is short lived, only lasting a moment or two, before they break apart and the loyal blogger smiles up at the confused detective. "You're an idiot. How could you possibly believe that I don't absolutely adore you" Sherlock's eyes widen and a pretty blush seeps across his sharp cheekbones. "I-John…." A firm hand comes up and is placed on the side of Sherlock's face and the tip of John's finger gently caresses his full bottom lip.
"John!" the heavily medicated, detective giggled (had he been thinking rationally, Sherlock would have scolded himself and would have been appalled by that fact, and then would adamantly deny such an abominable noise had ever occurred). How could he ever forget about lovely, wonderful, dependent John?!
A trite "Soap Opera" (Which didn't make sense. The only thing the show had anything to do with bathing would be the 'smutty' shower scene and the only reason Sherlock had known that word would be because John had said it once before.) was on. Besides the holey and repetitive plot-line, the obsessive fascination to sex (
It was finally time for detective and blogger to leave, Sherlock was a bundle of excited energy. Considering that the armature sleuth had been cooped up in the flat for 33 days, John couldn't fault or berate the man before him, for irrelevant things like 'timing' or 'having glee' at a crime scene. In fact, John had to smile at his childlike enthusiasm. When the dark moods had set in, smiles and laughter had taken a back seat to brooding and despondent glaring.
John wakes up with a start. He isn't sure what has awoken him but that no longer matters because he hears music. It isn't the type of music Sherlock normally plays. He has heard Sherlock torture the stringed instrument, he has heard him compose pieces with such beauty that could make you cry, but he has never heard such a morose, heartbreaking piece being drawn out of the varnished violin. The high notes are quickly drowned out by low, melancholic tones that John can
He would silently beg until he finally subcomes to the darkness with grief hanging heavily around his heart.
Sherlock seems to take this as encouragement and begins to undulate slowly against his soul mate. John can feel Sherlock's clothed erection push the fabric of his own pants between his cheeks and it rubs tantalizingly against his entrance. This does nothing for John's libido and his resistance begins to wane. He allows one hand to wander down to his own tented shorts and he begins to slowly stroke his aching length. "John!" Another moaning sigh comes from the, usually composed, detective in gasping pants. This snaps the blogger out of his own reverie until he redoubles his efforts in waking his soulmate.
Agony and Anguish are accurate words to describe how he’s feeling right now. Having to hear John verbalize his devotion to Mary was torture, but to watch John waltz and spin Mary around the room during their wedding waltz was slowly killing him. And he was jealous. Oh, how he was jealous. Sherlock wishes more than anything that he was the one dancing with John. He loves to dance.
The sleuth’s smile broadens as an idea pops into his head. He slowly extracts himself from the doctor’s loving embrace so that he can walk over to his IPod dock. He grabs the remote and presses play. When the music begins to softly play, the besotted ebony haired man walks over to his soulmate, smile spreading across his handsome face, and he gently grasps the doctor’s hands. “Our evening was cut short, but may I have this dance?”
The doctor places Sherlock on his side as he tries to find anything that Mary might have done to the other man. Out of sight—when Sherlock was on his back—the syringe from before sticks out of the detective’s side.He can’t lose him now. Not after everything they’ve been through together.
"Mike, may I borrow your phone? There's no service on mine." Sherlock doesn't expect to be granted access, and sure enough, Mike makes a show of checking his pockets before declining with a lame excess of not having it on him. Though, he is surprised when the unimposing stranger steps forward and offers his own. Sherlock takes the device and quickly sends out a text and hands it back to him but not before he can deduce all the secrets the object holds.
The first obvious mistake of the night occurs when the dynamic duo split up as Sherlock barrels up the stairway and John sits with Janine until she regains consciousness or until the ambulance he called arrives. It wasn’t until Sherlock walks into the spacious office to find Magnussen lying dead from a bullet wound to the head, and a figure dressed in all black standing over the man’s lifeless corpse.
When John can finally catch his breath, he finds his gorgeous mate quickly fisting his own aching erection. John’s sentences are broken up as he pants out, “Oh, my love. You look so beautiful… I can’t wait to make love to you. You’re so clever… Won’t you come for me? Please come for me, Sherlock.” With a skillful twist of his wrist, Sherlock moans out his own release.
tackled the masked man to the ground. But unbeknownst to the armature detective, the man had knife and had managed to stab his lower abdomen. Greg, before the man could escape, had handcuffed him and zip tied his feet together. He then rushes to Sherlock's side, takes the Sherlock's blue scarf to stunt the bleeding, and then calls for an ambulance and other Yarders
As Sherlock lay getting his haircut and wounds tended to, Mycroft told Sherlock, two years and three days into his hiatus away from John, about his soul mate. At first, '
Two weeks pass, which are filled with the preparations for the upcoming Moriarty trial. Each major Newsstand holds a paper detailing the trial's date, time, and where it would be held. When the court day had finally arrived, Sherlock and John both exit the flat, in their best suits, being trailed by '
As the detective goes to draw away, John wraps his arms around the slim waist in front of him and rests his head against his firm chest, “There’s no contest because I didn’t feel anything for any of those people. I love
His voice wavers dangerously as he continues with, “When I returned back from Afghanistan, Clara, visited me and told me that Harry had killed herself.” He wipes at his face, trying to stive back tears, “Overdosed on Joy, which is why I reacted so negatively when I found out you did drugs..I just kept thinking of how I never got the opportunity to say goodbye to Harry. I couldn’t save either of you.”
John, oddly enough, gets his wish granted as the man suggests viewing a flat together. From there John's doubt quickly turns into amazement as the odd man before him dissects his past and reads him like an open book. "We don't know a thing about each other. I don't know where we're meeting. I don't even know your name." Before the man leaves he enters the room again and exclaims, "The name's Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street. Afternoon." He winks and then he is gone.
." The crowd though is relentless and manages to drag him away until an ambulance arrives and then Sherlock is whisked away.
understand what this is like, Sherlock! You can’t possibly understand how I feel! First, you go traipsing all across the world without me for god only knows what reason, and now my wife has lied to me from the very beginning! Oh, but I suppose it doesn’t matter to the
John felt his knees turn to jelly at the sudden sense of hope that surges through him. However, the feeling is dampened by fear as Mycroft steps forward and viciously states, “But keep this in mind, John. If you ever do anything like this again, you won’t have to worry about gaining Sherlock forgiveness. You won’t be able to worry about anything at all.” Here the auburn haired man pauses for a moment to let his words sink in before he speaks again. If there were any doubt in John’s mind of Mycroft’s sincerity, all of those thoughts flew out the window as the elder man murderously says, “You will never be able to hide from me, John, and if by some chance you can, I will personally hunt you down and destroy you as slowly as I possibly can. Is that clear?” The blogger nods his head in clear understanding and Mycroft thinly smiles and says, “Excellent. I’m glad we understand each other.” The British Government pauses for a moment and steps back into the room before smiling softly, “Ah. Sherlock. How good it is to see you alive and well.”
Notes: Sherlock still seems a bit OOC but I am working to get him away from that. I have a reason for it, but it will take a few chapters to get to that (maybe less). Yes, I did insert a quote from 'The Hounds of Baskerville'. Am I sorry? Nope :)! I thought that was adorable.
Sherlock began noticing that Victor only came around when he had a paper due. Victor would ask for Sherlock's "help" and after the assignment was completed, Victor would leave his doting boyfriend with a vague excuse and would quickly exit the small the last day of classes rolled around, Sherlock brought this to Victor's attention, he got very defensive and an argument broke out. "I only ever needed you, because I wanted my work done for me. I saw how intelligent you were and I leapt at the chance. I never loved you! I don't even think you're attractive! Just look at you!" At that Sherlock visibly flinches and his eyes turn downcast. "You are far too thin, your hair is a mess, and you can't even keep a friend! You are pathetic! You wanted attention so badly, that you would have taken it from anyone! What a waste of space!" Victor walks away uncaring that he had left behind a shattered heart. Sherlock goes back to his room and takes out his old blade set.
"Sherlock, we need to discuss this! We don't have soul mates. What I want to know is, do you see this going anywhere? What do you want out of this?"
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my extremely wonderful and helpful beta, and the ever so lovely Ariane DeVere (Linke here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/) for creating such a wonderful transcript to go by. I appreciate both of these lovely human beings.
As the two weeks slowly pass, Harry slowly gets better. The withdrawal pains begin the next day and Harriet writhes around on the bed in seemingly agony as the synthetic emotion slowly exits her body. Once she had successfully expelled all of the traces of the drug from her system, the cravings set in. Suddenly, she
"I hope he isn't talking about a case. Greg knows you aren't allowed to leave yet! Doctor's orders." When the blogger has finished speaking, he sits down in his own chair and looks at his threadmate over the rim of his mug. Sherlock smirks slightly before replying, "No, I just wish to head down to the Morgue soon to run some tests. Molly has a few severed feet for me."
The day started out relatively normal. John had awoken to ebony curls tickling his nose and a comfortable weight settled along his right side. The blogger smiled and pressed a gentle kiss against the detective’s lax forehead. He slowly extracted himself from Sherlock’s constricting grasp and made his way to the kitchen to make his usual morning cuppa. He opened the refrigerator, took out the milk, but quickly discovered something odd about the liquid inside the plastic jug—or the solid mass that should have been milk. Somehow, the milk had solidified into a plastic-like substance with the same milky exterior. John angrily threw the milk away and decided to calm down with a nice cup of coffee instead, which would have been fine if there weren’t eyeballs in the microwave. John blew out a slow breath to calm himself down. ‘
John’s face tightens as she says this, but his attention is immediately drawn to Sherlock as he begins slowly waking up. A soft, pitiful, “John,” escapes as he begins to stir. Mary cackles viciously and claps her hands together gleefully, “Oh, splendid! The gang’s all here! Sherlock, wake up, dear. Wouldn’t want to miss the party now, would we?”
After Mary died, and John was left to raise a child all on his own, he returned to Baker Street expecting Sherlock to kick him right back out again, but his friend only blinked, called him an idiot, and uncharacteristically helped John move his and Rosie’s belongings back up to his old room. Things are halted and awkward, though. Things are quiet and
To cope with the pain of her past and all the hell she had gone through, Harry combats the negativity with synthetic joy. For a while, Clara didn’t notice a difference in Harry’s mood. Harry had always been affectionate and happy with Clara before the alcohol, so nothing, at first, seemed amiss. However, when the couple had attended a funeral and Harry giggled and smiled around the grieving family, Clara finally picked up that something was wrong. When Harriet overdosed on the emotion that cemented the idea. Clara knew that her marriage was in shambles. She had stayed because she had hoped that after Harry stopped drinking, Clara had hoped that her wife would return to the person she had fallen in love with, but now, things looked too bleak. As the letter continues, Clara expresses her sorrow and grief at losing her wife to yet again to another form of addictive substance. She concludes with a desperate plea for John’s assistance.
"Yes, brother. Text me the details." Sherlock rushes forward and envelopes his older brother in a brief, out of character, hug while saying, "Thank you." before dashing out of the room and back into the car his brother had sent. Mycroft only smiles and exits the way he came.
. Why would I ever accept help from you?! You dismantled my web of A.E.s and Synthetic emotions!” Her demeanor changes once more as she throws her arms out wide and proudly declares, “It’s me, Sherlock. I’m Moriarty. Hi!!” He stares at her is clear disbelief as he tries to stutter out a denial, but she quickly grows tired of his utterings, rolls her eyes, and states, “Oh, really, is that so hard to believe? We both know I’m extremely brilliant. Don’t you remember the last time you were here? I was standing right on that ledge over there,” she points to the wall Sherlock is facing to proudly point out where she stood. “I was the one pointing the gun at your dear John’s chest. Remember that? How does it feel to know, that you and John were the ones to ever occupy the same room as me and live to talk about it? Really, it’s such an honor. But enough of pleasantries,” she suddenly becomes serious, her eyes turn to ice, “Mommy’s had enough, Sherlock. I want your answer now. Who do you choose?  Brilliant me or boring John?”
John hears a soft sigh and he could swear that he feels just the barest hint of a kiss against his greying hair before a soft, “I missed you,” reaches John’s ears.
. Now that he thinks about it, Sherlock’s been behaving this way long before his and Mary’s divorce. Sherlock's been nothing but considerate for the past three months now that the Watsons live with him. No spontaneous violin performances in the dead of night. No shooting at the wall...
This day was supposed to be joyous and exciting. This day was meant to be filled with happy tears and warm, broad smiles. This day contained none of those things. The day John Hamish Watson’s life began, his mother’s tragically ended.
I know, I know...I'm awful. If you're interested, though, I am currently writing a short little happy fic that I will post directly after my beta and I look over chapter 6. You'll have to wait a bit for chapter 6, though... It's REALLY long and I had to break it up into two parts (while I'm thinking on it, posting is going to be tricky from now on because I am back in University and updating between my many classes will be difficult. ANYWAY, back to before, if you're interested, I'm going to be writing a short (maybe just over 1,000 words) story to counteract all the sadness you're about to receive. I've told you before...It gets REALLY bad before it gets better. However, I promise you, that it WILL get better. I'm never going to lead you on about it. It will be official here. They love each other and they will always love each other (if you can't tell, I'm a little bitter. My apologies). Anyway, my lovelies, I will see you next chapter :). I love you all very much and I hope you have a very wonderful day/night, whereever you are. Happy reading!
Those words in particular hurt the most. People always assume that Sherlock doesn’t have a heart or can’t possibly have any feelings due to the fact that some deity or almighty creator decided that Sherlock doesn’t deserve a soul mate.
Warnings: Self-harm (cutting), Eventual Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, and I'm not British
But that wasn’t to be the case. Both of his children were too young to understand why their father only seemed to have two moods, anger and grief. It was two months later that Mr. Watson first lay hands on the two siblings. While Harriet got the brunt of harsh words, John seemed to take most of the physical violence. The children just do not understand why hands that are supposed to wipe away tears are causing them so much pain. Father's aren't supposed to do this, right? Was this normal?
It took Sherlock another week to get John to allow Sherlock out of the flat in order to ‘see Molly’. When they are in the cab heading to St. Barts, Sherlock receives a text from his older brother.
Warnings: self-harm, mentions of suicide attempt, mentions of drug use (previous chapters), Johnlock, but not heavy Johnlock (it's established, but affection only really comes into play at the very end of the entire fan fiction), Unbeta'd, I wrote this because I really wanted to write some deep angst, and I'm not British
. Love is a dangerous disadvantage, dear. Surprise! Guess what?! You’ve lost! Game over! I won!” Her smile morphs into a dark snarl as she continues, “We could’ve been something great, but you chose John Watson You
The blogger pulls his threadmate into a slowly kiss, which quickly becomes heated as tongues slide together in an erotic dance. As things begin to get heated, the enamored pair hears a knock on the door. The kisses slow down and become languid until they place loving kisses once, twice, three times until John pulls away to check the door. Just before the army doctor can open the threshold, Sherlock takes a small step forward and asks, in a very hesitant voice, “Later?” John’s answers with a quick nod and a stunning smile.
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British, Bullying, Mentions of drug abuse, AU
Rosie eventually startles the pair by loudly giggling and clapping her hands at the scene in front of her. They smile at one another briefly before going over to collect the beautiful little girl to sit and cuddle for a little while. The three sit together in contentment. Rosie softly babbles to herself while her father and her adopted parent cradle their little girl between them, all the while sharing brief kisses. This is the perfect beginning to forever.
When his eyes eventually landed on the victim, Sherlock’s mind began to formulate deductions based on what he could see and he already knew that the D.I. and his team had come to the wrong conclusion. ‘
She seems to swallow thickly before haughtily continuing with, “So…What now?” John exhales loudly, “Actually, I wanted to talk to you about that.” He steels himself briefly as the image of a distressed consulting detective comes to mind, but his mind blanks over and as a small smile splays across his tanned face in the freedom he finds with his decision.
"Greg wanted to know when you would be coming back into Scotland Yard. I told him it would be a couple of weeks at least."
To keep from grabbing Sherlock’s luscious curls, John’s hands grasp the sheets at his waist. As Sherlock makes another slow descend downward, he doesn’t stop until his nose comes into contact with John’s golden pubic hair. After making eye contact with John again, he quickens his pace, sucking, licking, and reveling in the doctor’s delicious moans. “O-Oh, Sherlock. Love, I’m going to come…” At this, the amateur sleuth brings his hand up and lovingly fondles his mate’s testicles, and with one final hard suck, John comes undone by Sherlock’s clever hands and tongue.
Both men would have to agree that the first two weeks of Sherlock's recovery had been truly wonderful.
As soon as the elder Holmes laid eyes on the other hollow-eyed man, his expression morphed into something ugly. Mycroft’s usually impassive expression was overtaken by sheer resentment and anger. The elder man did not try to school his face into something civil as he walked up to the repentant blogger and turned his intense, omniscient gaze on John.
Since it wasn't a question, Mycroft obviously knew the answer anyway, Sherlock didn't reply. John would return any moment now so he had to quickly wipe all traces of today's activities in case John happened to stumble across his browser history. Now all Sherlock had to do was gauge John's reaction to marriage. Would he even be amenable to being Sherlock's husband?
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice (especially this chapter) and Ariane DeVere for posting the The Reichenbach Fall transcript (you can find here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/31651.html)
’ John can see that now. Sherlock is absolutely terrified of what John will say, but above that, he’s afraid of what he believes John will inevitably do. He doesn't want to watch John go because he knows he may never see John again if he walks through that door. Sherlock can't bear to watch as his heart is broken again.
When the trio finally reaches a nightclub, Sherlock’s mouth slightly turns up on the corners because the thought of dancing with John is incredibly appealing. As they enter in, the first thing the Detective Inspector does is head straight to the bar. John chuckles and grabs Sherlock’s hand to drag him to a booth near the edge of the dance floor. Once there, they slide in to wait for Greg to return. After a moment or two of internal debate, Sherlock stands and asks if John would care to dance.
The perfect opportunity arose when he met the Dominatrix and Femme Fatale Irene Adler. Irene was very similar to Sherlock. Aside from Moriarty, her mind had been the greatest match to his own. She was an enigma, a puzzle, that deserved, no
Both men beam with pride as John says, “Thank you, Mrs. Holmes. I can happily say, that I don’t expect any less. Sherlock and John eventually move away to meet a few more well-wishers and after a few more loving hugs and claps on the back, the newly sit together at their signature table and everyone else files in around them. A waiter appears from the back to adorn the Watson-Holmes table with a single candle. John smiles and reaches across the table and takes his husband’s hand, “I am so happy that you’re mine. Thank you for today.”
“As you know, when I was growing up, I didn’t have a soulmate. My parents grew concerned when I didn’t present with a thread and many nights, I could hear them question each other what was wrong with me. By the time we had met, I had given up all hope that I had in ever finding anyone that would ever love me for me,” At this point Sherlock pauses briefly before continuing a little shackingly, “But then, out of nowhere, I met you. You’ve told me multiple times that I have saved you, but I don’t think you realize how much you have saved me. Without you, I would have given up long ago. I was living my life in a daze, I had no idea what I was missing. You are my heart, John. I don’t want to go back to the way my life was before you and now I know for certain that  I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” Sherlock then gets down on one knee and produces a small black box out of his suit pocket. “So, would you give me the honour of becoming my husband?” The consulting detective opens the box and reveals the titanium band within.
To Sherlock's dismay, his recovery time had taken four weeks and five days. If you had asked John, he would muttered something about a "Bloody git, not taking his injuries seriously," and then you would have heard a louder comment, as if John were hinting to the infuriating detective, about "Needing a few more days of rest! (Said detective refused to sleep for more than four hours each night, thus the need for a longer recovery time)" Although, if you had asked Sherlock, he would have adamantly disagreed and then say that he was ready to go back four weeks ago.
Anger, sadness, grief, confusion, and fear…wouldn’t it be easier if no one had to live with any of these emotions? Wouldn’t life be so much better if no one could feel anything at all? Even joy eventually turns to sadness. Why would anyone voluntarily submit themselves to unnecessary heartache and pain? These simple questions and statements started it all. Soon, millions of people began to question the need for emotions.
to move on. He’s made a promise and a commitment to Mary, and he’s going to keep it. He and Mary had a child to think about. With that in mind, he leaves. He leaves and doesn’t look back because if he does, he would not be able to leave the building. So, he leaves Sherlock behind in the desolate lab alone with his new
himself that he wouldn't resort to this again, yet here he is, putting pressure on the thin long lines across his wrist. He briefly wonders how he will hide this from Mycroft, because now that Mycroft knows of his past afflictions, he will be on high alert to changes in Sherlock's behavior. He bandages his wrist, packs away the rest of his clothes (along with his blades at the bottom of his bag), and lays down for a brief nap before he has to get up and greet the driver who will take him back to the Holmes' Manor.
Warnings: Eventual Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), beta'd now, I'm not British, Bullying, Mentions of drug abuse, AU
What was the point anymore? Why continue to fight when there truly was no point now. The emptiness was all consuming. What does it matter?
There must have been something in the way Sherlock said that last sentence because John stops his tea making process completely and turns to look at his soulmate. "Is that what this is all about?" The ebony haired genius stares pointedly at the corner of the room and refuses to look at his threadmate as he whispers, "Don't you miss it?"
At one point during the night, the British government approaches John and Sherlock and hands the doctor a white envelope. When John opens it, he finds two airline tickets to Turin, Italy, an activity pamphlet, and two train tickets from Turin to Rome. John looks up, speechless, and Mycroft smiles, “My wedding gift to you. I hope you have a good time.” Sherlock’s eyes narrow in suspicion but Mycroft cuts any refusal short by saying, “You won’t owe me any favors. I have no scheme. Greg and I both agreed that this would be a good thing for the both of you. Enjoy it, brother mine.” Sherlock takes a look at his threadmate’s shocked, but pleased, expression and grudgingly concedes with Mycroft’s offer and mumbles out a quiet, “Thank you.” Mycroft smiles in return and leaves to find Gregory.
. Once, he would have welcomed it. Sound grated on his nerves. He felt as if his brain were rotting from the constant chatter other people supplied, but now, it only serves as a reminder of everything he has lost. It is in the darkness and silence that he finally allows the mask to fall away. He finally allows himself to feel all the sorrow that’s been building from that first day he arrived back at Baker Street without the one man he’s been fighting so hard to return to. It seems as though the once proud consulting detective is not above getting his heart broken. Mycroft’s words reverberate inside his skull, “
John could not keep himself from touching Sherlock even if he tried. Arms envelope the detective tightly. The older man only lifts his head away from the crook of Sherlock’s neck long enough to drop several kisses against the brunette's temple before holding him just as tightly as before.
Here Greg pauses for a moment and then says, “Many of you know that I’ve been a part of the Holmes family for a long time. I remember the first time I met Sherlock. He was a pompous git who read me in seconds. I will admit that I didn’t like him at first. But he has this ability to make you care about his well being despite all of that. He quickly became the brother I never knew I wanted.” Sherlock smiles and Lestrade continues, “John, when he met you I was so relieved. I thought to myself, ‘Finally, someone who understands,’ because no one outside of the Holmes family would try, but then you came limping in and I’ve never seen him happier.”
John's face lights up at the small declaration and then proceeds to draw Sherlock into a sweet kiss. When they separate, John tightens his hold on Sherlock's hand briefly before leading him to Sherlock's room. "Then let's go."
special?” Each word that spills out of John’s mouth is laced with pure disdain and bitterness. Sherlock opens his mouth to ask yet another question but John cuts him off, “Do you realize how close I was to becoming Brian Barkley? I was miserable for two years after your death, and I wanted to end it all. I had everything prepared. I was planning to go through with it until I met Mary. Mary was wonderful and sweet, and I was in love with her. You came back and everything went to hell. I found out on my fucking wedding day that she was sleeping with another man and the baby is his. I couldn’t get over you, and my marriage fell apart because of it, but what do you care, right? Sherlock Bloody Holmes doesn’t have or need friends, never mind relationships.” Sherlock takes an almost imperceptive step back and stutters out, “John, I-I’m sorry. I thought things were okay. I don’t unders—.”
Said genius' facial expression briefly flashes to some unknown expression before angular features harden, cool eyes narrow, and lips take on an angry glower. "I don't know why you should feel so betrayed. You've made your feelings apparent. You obviously don't believe that I could possibly feel anything for anyone. I can only assume that you wish to flaunt your opinion of me further. Fine! Let's laugh at the
John looks at Mycroft as he finally realizes what he has done. Sherlock. The man that he protected from the beginning of their friendship, the man he killed for, the man who died to save him…John broke him. He was doing so well with life. He had been clean for three years. When dark moods would fall, he would be tempted to cut again, but he didn’t go back to it and John would always become so proud. John had reduced the once proud, strong detective to this.
That night, as Sherlock was curled around John sound asleep, John lay staring up at the ceiling with a smile on his face. The blogger lay remembering the course of the day. He gently touched his lips as he remembered inexperienced ones against his own. Although, his brow furrows once he remembers that he had meant to discuss some things with Sherlock. He had said some pretty hurtful things to Sherlock today, and the look he had given John when he had said them bordered on melancholic. This conversation was definitely not over.
However, when Sherlock’s expression does not change from broken defeat into one of triumph, John knows. This isn’t a game. The older man takes a calming breath through his nose, lowers his head, and then raises to his full height, clearly in soldier mode as he delivers words he has rehearsed a thousand times before, “I find it difficult, this sort of stuff.” Here he pauses, trying to regain what little composure he has before continuing once more in a choked off whisper, “You were the best and wisest man that I have ever known. Of course, I forgive you.” John lowers his head and braces himself for certain death as Sherlock’s sobs seem to only grow louder and louder.
In John's personal opinion, Now was a lot better than Then. He couldn't possibly imagine his life any other way. He was happy to have Sherlock in his life. The genius was a total pain in the arse at times but without Sherlock, his life would be so meaningless. When the consulting detective had left the first time, John had been so heart broken and alone. No, Sherlock might not want marriage or children, but John wouldn't change him for anything in the world. Sherlock was his and he was Sherlock's. The blogger would take the detective any way he could get. He had never really thought that Sherlock would ever let anyone in, let alone love him. John falls asleep then with a smile on his face.
“God, Sherlock. Where in the world did you learn that?!” The detective suddenly becomes bashful as he replies, “I’ve been practicing, John. Was that alright?” John giggles and gently takes his threadmate’s face in his hands and says between kisses, “Like it? Sherlock, love, that was incredibly sexy. I loved it and I love you.” Sherlock lets out a relieved sigh, “Good. I love you too, John.
Sherlock subtly looks down at his blogger but can't read anything in his neutral expression. He snorts in disgust in an attempt to draw a reaction out of the army doctor. John looks up just as the blonde and her ditzy boyfriend kiss. "You say something, love?"
When they reached home, John broke out into tears. His mother and father quickly enveloped him in a tight embrace and asked him what was wrong. “I’ll never find him!” John whimpered, “I’ll never get to meet him, or love him, or see him! I’ll be alone forever!” At that moment, John sobs even harder.
Molly confirms what John already knew. Traces of Apathy are still in Sherlock’s system, but it is slowly fading.
When he had finally became aware of his surroundings again, he thought he had saw a striking red thread burning brightly against his tan skin. He sat up, followed the '
The hallways are empty save for a few dead bodies that are littered sporadically throughout the establishment. He hears more gunfire just ahead through two ominous doorways that lead to the main pool area. As he begins walking softly and quietly, suddenly, the shots die down and everything is eerily silent. He begins walking faster, checking each room briefly but efficiently as he finally makes it to the end of the hallway. He opens the doors and slips inside.
John walks over to the door and gently knocks but receives no answer. After several minutes of consistent knocking and still no reply, John trudges up to his room and slumps down onto the bed. Hours later, when the house is still and John is asleep in bed, Sherlock would venture out of his room to retrieve his violin. He would draw the bow across the strings, turn the peg slightly, and then proceeds to play.
It was at that point that John hears a scream, and, as much as he doesn’t want to leave Sherlock alone, Mary is still in danger, and he must help her too. He makes sure Sherlock won’t fall out of his chair, and then makes his way through the decaying building toward the sound.
The ebony haired man tries to turn away, but John’s hand against the other man’s cheek effectively keeps angular features in place as he asks, “Please?” Sherlock wrestles with something and drops his eyes to look at anything other than the army doctor as he haltingly says, “You aren’t going to leave?” The army doctor’s heart breaks for the amateur sleuth and guilt once again rushes through him as he realizes he is the cause of it, “Of course I won’t, love. I will always stay with you.” Here he pauses momentarily and then tentatively says, “If you’ll have me, that is.”
It was not long after that the wedding preparations began. He could honestly care less about the bride’s maid’s dresses or accent colors or whether the napkins are folded as a swan or as the Sydney Opera House. You would think that considering that this day is meant to be the happiest, most important day of his life, he would care more, but you would be mistaken. Only his resolve and the mantra of ‘
Sherlock turns quickly and stares at a nervous John Watson, wide-eyed and speechless. Mycroft mumbles something about coming back in an hour for the ebony haired man’s answer, but he goes unheard and leaves without the two men’s acknowledgement. With the elder Holmes’ departure, all the air seemed to vacate the premises. Sherlock was the first to break eye contact as he whispers, “I’m sorry, John.”
Glasses are raised and cheers are heard throughout the room as the guest toast the newly weds. After the guests have calmed down, Sherlock stands, reaches inside his coat pocket, and pulls out cue cards. John looks quizzically at his threadmate but remains seated. Sherlock takes a deep breath and bares his heart to his threadmate: “All emotions — in particular, love — stand opposed to the pure, cold reason I hold above all things. A wedding is, in my considered opinion, nothing short of a celebration of all that is false and specious and irrational and sentimental in this ailing morally compromised world, at least, that’s what I used to think. Today is the most important day that I’ve been through. Today I married the love of my life, my partner,” he looks straight at John, “my threadmate, and my friend.
He quickly sheds his clothes down to his pants, throws on a ratty t-shirt, and flops backwards on his bed, begging his mind to stop racing with every “what if” long enough to get a few hours of rest before he has to face Sherlock and whatever the day may bring.
Warnings: Johnlock slash (Rating could go up), Unbeta'd, I'm not British, Bullying Mentions of drug abuse, AU
, before he draws in a breath to begin. "Sherlock, I realize-" but before John can finish, Sherlock holds up a hand as if to silence him. "Before you can spout off any idiotic notions, I will state this as frank as I can. These past few months now, I have become aware of a problematic disparity in the way we feel about one another."
Next chapter, our boys finally meet! We're going to see some of their cases (just rehashing the same stuff we've seen) and a little more about how we feel about each other. :)
Notes: I've written everything out, and I was wanting to know, if you all would stick with the story if the rating finally went up to 'M'. I can easily take it out or leave it in. One more chapter to go and then it will be over! I'm so glad I've got to share this wonderful experience with you all! Thank you again to my lovely supporters!
This, of course, only enrages John further and his voice mounts in rising volume, “Unnecessary?! Sherlock—. How could you even—
When Sherlock and John finally arrive at the Tower, they both sit in stony silence as Jim Moriarty dances across the screen only to shatter the bullet proof glass encasing the crown jewels, but not before writing the eerie message:
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who keeps reassuring me and giving me wonderful advice and the wonderful Ariane DeVere for posting the transcript (Link here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/65379.html )
John felt his eyes well up at those words. He doesn’t deserve it. He doesn’t deserve Sherlock. Not after everything he has done, but damn, he sure as hell won’t question it. The blogger seems to deflate with relief as he breathes out an almost inaudible, “Thank you.” The gentle sweep across battered knuckles never stops, but an odd expression settles over the detective’s features. John tenses.
The red threads connecting the two mates glowed brilliantly, and in that moment, the enamored pair could almost feel the crimson chords solidifying. It was as if the pair could physically feel the connection between them, as if the chords were drawing the pair irrevocably together. When the moment ended, the feeling seemed to stay, to Sherlock’s surprise. Both men loved feeling that connection to the other.
One hundred years’ worth of devastation; a century of violence and pain should be enough proof that emotions are needed for functioning members of society. Right? If the last one hundred years is anything to go off of, living without emotions is an extremely destructive way to live. What sick, twisted human being would ever want to operate without feeling anything at all?
John looks at Mike in amazement and Mike only chuckles and says, "Yeah. He's always like that. The winking thing is new though. He doesn't usually do that." With one last smile, Mike leads a dazed John back outside to the front of the building. As they go their separate ways, John gets into a cab and stares blankly out the window. He feels his face twitch into a small smile as he nears his dismal flat. He is looking forward to the new possibilities that come with living with such a strange man.
Throughout Mary’s speech, Sherlock face contorts from disbelief, to realization, to fear, and finally his angular features settle on disgust and rage. Mary Morstan has made his and John’s lives so miserable. She has kept them apart for so long...She has hurt so many people and she nearly killed them both in the process. To find out that someone so close to them has hurt them so badly makes rage engulf the detective. There’s no hint of doubt or uncertainty as Sherlock coldly states, “As if there is really any question. I chose John then, and I’m choosing him now. I will
“This was such a fun game, wasn’t it, Sherlock? You played it so poorly, you know. You’ve become so spineless, so weak, so...
“John, please hurry. They’re coming for us. Sherlock’s hurt, and we need backup as soon as possible.” The man in question immediately drops his duffel bag and begins gathering a few bandages that he quickly stuffs into his coat pocket as he anxiously asks, “Mary where are you? What do you see?”
Sherlock’s footsteps falter slightly, but he quickly regains the pace he had set before. John races after the two brothers while saying, “Sherlock! Wait, please! I know I fucked up. I know I hurt you. I shouldn’t have said what I did because I didn’t mean it. I—I’m sorry.”
Mr. Watson turned murderous eyes on his children, as if they were the ones at fault, and quickly turn around and slam the door as he exits. As soon as John finally allows on painful whimper to escape past tightly clamped lips as Harry tries to comfort her brother. Past her own tears, Harry manages to stutter out, “C-come on, Johnny. We need to get you out of here.” The two teenagers stumble out of their decaying home in search of help.
John nodded his head seriously, as if he understood every small detail and would commit it to memory. Although he was only five, he somehow knew that he would meet his love one day.
"Bored." John's answering chuckle makes Sherlock smile. He can hear the army doctor bumping about in the kitchen. When he has collected his tea mug, John walks over to the couch, leans forward, and presses a lingering kiss against soft cupid bowed lips. A hum of approval escapes both individuals. When the two separate, Sherlock's eyes flutter open and he sits up to allow John to snuggle into his side. When both doctor and detective have settled, John turns on the telly.
Briefly, a surprised look crosses the detective’s face at the unexpected French terminology, but the expression quickly passes as Sherlock fondly rolls his eyes, grabs his coat and scarf, and follows the D.I. and his beautiful threadmate.
When Sherlock grew to the age of thirteen there still was no red string present in his life. Of course everyone had noticed. His classmates would come up with ‘clever’ names to call him.
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of drug use and brief mention of violence (just to be safe)
The smile, though, slowly falls from John's face as he remembers that he needs to speak to Sherlock. Sherlock, of course, instantly deduces the reason behind the doctors change in mood and proceeds, in hopes to avoid this conversation, to get out of bed. He makes his way to the kitchen, where he then makes his way to the couch for a good sulk.
about how Clara won't talk to her and how she was a complete and utter waste of space. He was happy he had to end the call to check on Sherlock. Speaking of, he sees his lovely sleuth but pauses when he comes just outside of the room when he hears the last part of her sentence.
. Other children go home safely to fathers they don't have to hide from in fear. They could rest safely knowing their fathers would protect them and love them. The Watson's had no such luxury. Maybe at some point, their father had loved them, but they could not sense it when bruises constantly littered their frail bodies.
month later, and he still hasn’t heard from Sherlock. John had tried to find him after the wedding, but he was gone. At the time, John thought that that was probably for the best. At the time, he was feeling too raw, too vulnerable, and he would not have been able to handle Sherlock’s piercing and knowing glint in the other man’s eyes. Now, however, he is feeling isolated even though Mary is wrapped up in his arms. That’s why, when he hears a frantic, impatient knock at the door, he is almost relieved that Sherlock came to him.
Unbeknownst to John 3,509 miles away, a twenty-three year old recovering addict lay held up in a hospital bed clutching his left shoulder and crying out from an unknown searing pain. The red thread would briefly make an appearance but would be blamed upon a drug induced haze. Its light quickly extinguishes and when later questioned about his outburst, he would claim someone had shot him.
I, pretty much, wrote this chapter from the very beginning. I've been waiting to post this chapter for so, so long...You don't know how much it pained me to wait this long. They love each other. I will always believe that.
Mycroft looks down his nose at the other man and sneers, “Ah. I see you’ve finally realized the damage you have caused. Did you know that is how he views himself? As a machine and a freak? He finally allowed himself to fall in love with you. After Moriarty and Mary, he didn’t think that would be an option for him. He wanted so desperately for you to be different. He wanted to prove everyone wrong, but in the end it didn’t really matter, did it? You were just like everyone else.”
The door slams and the sound reverberates throughout the room. Sherlock curls in on himself more and lets sleep take him.
War is absolutely hell. Hell doesn’t even begin to accurately describe all the pain, suffering, and grief he has felt at every death of each and every member of his team he has lost. At the age of 33, he has seen enough death and destruction to last a lifetime. Some nights he has trouble sleeping. He can still see each and every one of their faces. Each and every one begging God to end their suffering.
His concern must have shown on his face because Mycroft carefully asks, "What is it?" The detective stares at the British Government for a moment or two before slowly lowering his head again to stare at the rings in his hands and then proceeds to ask in a small voice, "What if he doesn't say yes?" Mycroft sees the man before him as he once remembered. The older brother can still picture the little boy who came knocking at his door one day, after school, because the other children were being cruel to him since he didn't have a soulmate. He can almost still hear the barely controlled sobs from said little boy who didn't quite understand why the other children bullied him daily.
The doctor released a breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding as he brings his hand up, the rest of the way, to rest on his detective’s cheek. Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed at the contact and he leans forward to place a soft kiss against his threadmate’s lips. When the brief contact is broken, Sherlock murmurs, “I love you too.” John’s entire body sags with relief. “Thank God! I thought I had lost you. I hope you can forgive me, love.”
That's how the evening ends. Sherlock's head in John's lap as John cards his fingers through silky benighted curls while Sherlock reveals each detail of the case and unravels marvelous deductions for his blogger. The occasional 'brilliant!' or 'extraordinary!' could be heard coming from the flat until it came time for bed. Blogger and detective lay down together with the hands connecting and kisses being peppered onto lips, faces, and necks. Two whispered "I love yous" are the only thing said before both men fall asleep, red threads glowing brightly throughout the night.
“Ah. I see things are back to normal. How dull.” Mycroft’s face is set in an almost impenetrable mask of indifference, but his eyes are full of uncharacteristic relief and warmth. “You are free to go. I assume you have made a decision?”
John’s butterflies instantly turn to lead at the thought. Panic briefly overtakes him until logic informs him that Sherlock wouldn’t have said anything at all, if that were the case. So…that can’t be it. John tries to desperately read Sherlock like the detective so easily reads John without prevail. With a sigh of frustration, John’s voice is deceitfully calm as he inquires, “So, what’s the problem?” After what feels like an eternity, Sherlock quietly states, “I invited Mary along. We are all expected to be there at half three tonight.”
“Yes,” John cuts in before Mycroft can say anything. The auburn haired man glares at the army doctor as he passes him, but John ignores the other man in favor of following the nurse as she leads them to Sherlock.
After a few moments, when the blogger could no longer ignore his own needs, he grasps his own erection and strokes in time with his other hand. John's eyes flutter closed only briefly until he feels Sherlock's long fingers wrap around his own hand and they move in perfect synchronization. Soon heady gasps and moans fill the room. It takes the raven haired detective a few more strokes before the man reaches his climax, all the while moaning John's name.
Sherlock hears each pounding footstep Mrs. Hudson takes on the stairs as she brings the squirming toddler up to see her father and godfather. Each noise seems to be amplified, and each delighted shriek seeming louder than really necessary as Sherlock’s head pounds in time. He sits up with a groan and rubs his temples with a resigned sigh. He’s not going back to sleep now. He knows he’ll have to face John sooner or later, but right now, a little girl needs him. He shields his eyes from the blinding light streaming in from the sitting room when he opens his bedroom door to meet Mrs. Hudson and the little girl he has loved from the moment she was born.
The contented blogger settles back into his seat as the enthusiastic sleuth gestures and fires off details with rapid succession. John leans over and places a loving kiss against dark curls, ‘I’m so lucky to have this gorgeous man in my life.’ The red threads between them glow brilliantly as John thinks to himself, ‘And I wouldn’t have it any other way.’
Notes: This chapter is longer! (not by much, but it is a little longer:) ) I tried just for you guys! I promise things will get better, but they have to get worse before that happens :/ (that means angst will be ahead). Thank you to all the people following this story! It means a lot knowing that it is at least decent enough to acquire someone's attention!
As he pushes the plunger down, the familiar feeling of all emotion slowly fading away, which once distressed him, quickly morphs into a welcomed sensation. Feeling absolutely nothing is better than the agony he once felt. He sinks down onto his carpeted flooring as his face blanks out and his eyes grow vacant. He is hollowed out and empty, and he wouldn’t have it any other way.
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Mentions of voilence (off screen?) and descriptions of gore/horror(?) (all of these are just to be safe. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please). Mycroft does some things that are a bit not good. He earns the title of BAMF, let's just say that.
"I promise, if there was another way in order to keep you safe, I would have taken it! Moriarty had snipers placed on all of my friends and if I didn't jump, he would send out the word and all of you would have died. Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade…..you… Either I die, or you die."
Sherlock’s mouth opens again as if to respond, but no words escape. His mouth closes as he continues to look lost and so unsure. After a few moments, Sherlock’s expression morphs between wariness and earth shattering hope and John can’t help but hug him tightly. John’s small smile falters briefly as he is reminded of another instance eerily familiar to this one, but he quickly pushes onward with a strong, “Of course I am. I’m happy to be here with you.”
" Sherlock hated hospitals. He hated the smell, he hated the people, but what he hated the most was that he could feel the sheer, utter boredom sinking in. That all-consuming dread that if he didn't do something to stimulate his racing mind, he would surely go mad. He had told the '
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my lovely Beta, who has stuck with me through thick and thin, and also to IBegToDreamAndDiffer for allowing me to use her marriage proposal setting . You are spectacular! (You can find it here: s/7798224/1/Sherlock-Platinum-On-Cobalt)
Three months then fly by. It has really all come down to this. One man is standing on the edge of a rooftop while the other lay dead in a pool of his own blood. When a taxi stops at the front of St. Barts, it reminds Sherlock that this is the only solution. He picks up his phone and dials a familiar number.
Sherlock! Why didn't I think of that before!?" John laughs humorlessly and bitterly to himself, "And while I'm at it, I'll just hide away in my 'mind palace' and pretend that nobody matters either! Oh wait, you already do that don't you? I don't want to steal your thunder. After all, the
As he finally took a closer look at Sherlock, the trace of tears now threatened to spill over, and there was something absolutely wrong about the way the detective held his once proud frame. John's eyes widen at the sight of the man standing a few feet in front of him, his anger now long since forgotten. "Sherlock?" John inquires, but the detective seems to be lost in a world of his own and unable to hear him. When the doctor's mind finally caught up with what he said, he gasped at his own brutality.  He took a small step forward and extended his hand to comfort his lover but Sherlock no longer walks forward to meet him halfway. Sally decided to take that moment to cackle out her disturbing glee at seeing the detective crumble. The spell over Sherlock breaks at the sounds and as he blinks, a few tears fall, which he had no intention of wiping away. John catches a small sense of anguish that passes over Sherlock's features as he nods and turns to walk away.
The ebony haired man follows John through the deceased man’s house until they reach the kitchen. There, John stops and doubles over trying his best to breathe calmly through the panic. “John? John, what’s wrong?” The distressed man only grits his teeth and shakes his head while he says, “Leave off it, Sherlock.” The detective’s brow furrows and hesitantly asks, “John, please, I can tell from your accelerated breathing, perfuse sweating, and full body trembling that you seem to be in a state of panic. I just don’t know what is wrong.”
Sherlock then walks forward to be updated on the case by the DI, but turns around when he realizes his threadmate has not followed. John is on the sidewalk talking on the phone, in a hushed whisper, to some unknown party ('
Sherlock and Mycroft retire at the government’s posh flat. For the first few hours they remained relatively silent. Sherlock lay on his brother’s couch in his signature thinking pose. Mycroft had just sat in his favorite chair with a piece of cake when the silence is finally broken.
When they had finally returned home, with firm instructions for John to keep a vigilant watch over Sherlock, they lay together on the sofa spooned together with Sherlock's chest to John's back. John had made an inquiry about Sherlock's past. After some time had passed, and the sun was beginning to leave the sky, Sherlock began to speak.
“Mycroft—.” Whatever John was about to say was cut short by a nurse’s arrival. She walked up the British Government and blogger, gave a small smile, and looks down at her clipboard, “Family of Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock giggles once more, but he never stops leading them into a gentle sway of hips. In a move that is uncharacteristically beneath a Holmes, Sherlock stumbles over his own feet and collides into John. If the doctor had been more drunk, he would not have remained standing, but, as it were, John only steadies the other man. A slimmer body presses into John’s and a sharp chin rest on John’s good shoulder as he continues to try and lead them into a sloppy waltz. This sets the detective off once more and long fingers tangle themselves into a wooly jumper as he moves back enough to glance down at his dear friend. Sharp, piercing eyes grow achingly softer and into something so tender and reverent as a slow smile spreads across the detective’s reddened face. This sobers John up quickly. He pulls the detective impossibly closer into a firm embrace, hoping he can get away with it considering Sherlock’s intoxicated state. A happy sigh escapes past cupid bow lips as he softly demands, “Stay with me tonight.”
The first two weeks had been going well. Sherlock had had the cold cases and a humanoid head tucked away in the freezer to experiment on. Unfortunately, for the detective and blogger, the cases had quickly been solved and the head was only entertaining for a few short hours. The last two remaining weeks had been filled with a disgruntled raven haired man that declared loudly and profusely that he was "
Although I do not feel the same way as you do, I believe I will be able to ignore them in the future. "
In July of that same year, the leader of the activists achieved over 100,000 signatures on their petition to remove and destroy every model and prototype of the Pathos Eradicator, begrudgingly, the company agreed with their demands and the Pathos Eradicator was destroyed. However, in retaliation, violence erupted when members of the Pathogens staff lashed out against one of the campaigners. This resulted in a drastic change. The carnage was devastating. Millions of people were murdered and many more perished when an explosion was detonated inside of Pathogens. Years of research destroyed. Thousands of lives lost. Nevertheless, the machines were finally gone.
During the plane ride, John sat by the window, looking out at the vast horizon. Outside, the sun is setting. The sun casts oranges, yellows and bright light across the sky, and beside him, sat his gorgeous husband. Sherlock was dozing lightly after the taxing day. A permanent smile was stitched across his face all day since the moment John saw Sherlock earlier this morning and it was still there as he gazed at his beautiful threadmate. John leans across the seats to place a gentle kiss against the detective’s ebony curls. The blogger smiles as his snoozing soulmate only burrows instinctively closer to the elated doctor.
"Are you mocking me? Is that it? Let's play with Sherlock's feelings! He can't possibly care!" Sherlock says as he quickly stands, " He doesn't have a heart! After all he is threadless. Even his soul mate didn't want him! Sherlock doesn't have feelings! Who could possibly
When the cab pulls up to the unimposing flat John is left to pay the fare, like always, and the dynamic duo is met with flashing blue and red lights. Detective Inspector Lestrade stands off to the side, arms crossed over his chest, waiting for the pair to arrive.
The blogger laughs at the detective’s affronted expression when they read the text. John couldn’t care though, that Mycroft has decided to intervene, he was just happy that he would be able to finally go home.
Sherlock can feel his heart breaking as he watches them kiss at the end. With a flourish, he finishes the song he specifically composed for the wedding and steps down from the small stage to talk to the newlyweds about the new life just starting to grow. As soon as John and Mary are significantly distracted, he slips away as quickly as possible. He can no longer take watching the twin happy faces the Watson’s share on the day that will forever remain in his mind as the worst day of his life. Because on this day, he lost his everything.
John finds his own voice at the age of fifteen. Maybe he heard a story in school about a dashing hero, a protector of those who could not protect themselves, or maybe he was just tired of all the abuse. Regardless of the why, when Mr. Watson raised his hand to hurt Harry in a fit of rage, John quickly dashed between the two, raises two striking, dark blue eyes up at their father in defiance, and brandishes an imaginary shield in an attempt to protect his older sister. In Mr. Watson's rage, he strikes John's outstretched arm too hard and an audible pop is barely heard over John's agonized cry. Tears immediately spring to the fifteen-year old's eyes as the skin begins to rapidly swell and bruise. Realizing his mistake, Mr. Watson become acutely aware of his sobbing sixteen and fifteen-year-old children huddled together, one in fear and the other in pain as they try their best to look as small as possible.
John, to his displeasure, would be saved from the the cruel desert. He would go through many months of delirium due to infection and pain medication. When he was finally released, a year later, he would be flown back to London broken and depressed. He would be issued a psychiatrist, Ella, who would encourage him to write about his life, but who would want to read that? '
After blushing an even deeper shade of red, Sherlock begins to leave with a mumbled, embarrassed departure which finally makes John act. "No! I mean… Of course I'll come to bed with you. I was just surprised that you would want my company tonight." Sherlock takes his blogger's hand and places it on his chest. "Of course I want you with me. I'd be lost without my blogger."
However, just below the surface of all the activist groups trying to shut down Pathogen Inc., there began a whisper. Just the barest hint of a sound. Suddenly, there was a spike in Artificial Emotion usage, but how could this be? The machines were destroyed. Schematics burned in the fires. Police officers are completely baffled. An Underground Ring seemed to spring up overnight, but no one could get to the leader. This vast web of individualized networks seemed to spread across the globe in a matter of hours. Who was this mysterious person? What was their end game? Most importantly, what could be done to stop them?
Notes: Here I am! I'm feeling much better! I plan to go back into chapter 11 and fix it. There was so much more I wanted to do with that but couldn't because I honestly felt so bad. I hope you like this one better. Fluff, fluff and more fluff! I look back on chapter 11 and then to this one, and it looks like a totally different writer almost. That's what a medicated induced haze can do to you kids ;) Sorry I'm posting so late... My mother is sick (with the same illness I had) so I took care of her. Oh, and before I forget, check me out on Rebecca E's blog. I did a guest writer thingy. Giver her much love! :D Here it is: http://rebeccasbook.blogspot.ca/2014/03/guest-blogger-little-help-from-friends.html
“Lady Smallwood, I understand that you were very distressed, but I was—.” The figure before him turns slowly and the shocked man comes face-to-face with Mary Elizabeth Watson. She cocks her gun and aims it at his chest before coolly stating, “Is John here with you?” He gapes at her for a moment before stumbling out, “He’s um…downstairs.” Mary nods once but keeps her gun aimed at the ebony haired man’s chest. Sherlock goes to take a step forward but as Mary narrows her eyes, he decides against it. Sherlock tries to softly beseech her, “Please, Mary. Let me help you. You don’t have to do this. He can’t hurt you anymore.” The assigns eyes flash darkly before she mutters out coldly, “Oh, I’m so sorry, Sherlock. I hate to do it this way, but you’re collateral now. Can’t have that, can we?”
Sherlock began shutting himself down. He hated how vulnerable their insults made him so he let go of the loving little boy, that was full of hope, and became the cold hearted detective we know today. He would say scathing, bitter comments against his cruel classmates but his comments were always the truth. He never lied about what he saw. He would uncover affairs, blatant lies, and dark secrets. It was no wonder that the damaging words hurled Sherlock’s way grew and became an amusing pastime for the cruel bullies. It became a game of, “Let’s see who could belittle the freak the most today!”
John then lays back down and begins a slow rhythm of skin on skin drawing small moans out of both participants. Sherlock reaches over into the top drawer of the small nightstand and retrieves a satchel of lube.
Their attacker, once rendered immobile, lay bloodied and broken on the dirty, cold street. John approached Sherlock with a speed that only training would allow and quickly assessed his wounds. "Sherlock! Sherlock can you hear me!?" John frantically yelled, "You're going to be alright. Just sit tight love. I'll take care of you." Carefully, so he doesn't move Sherlock too much, John reaches into his pocket and retrieves his mobile and dials 999. He removes his woolen jumper and firmly places against the gash.
Each of these lovely individuals listened to me rant, rave, and talk about this story for DAYS on end. They each have read, reread, and read some more just because I asked and for that, I am so thankful. So, THANK YOU SO MUCH!! This story has been in the making for a long time, and without these people, it would not have been possible. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have. :)
"Love, it's fine. It's all fine. We don't have to do anything you don't want to do." Sherlock looks at John skeptically for a moment before he slowly nods his head in acceptance. The ebony haired man climbs back to his original position beside John. The detective leans forward hesitantly and places a gentle kiss against his bondmate's lips. Sherlock allows the kiss to deepen for a moment before pulling away to say, "I think- I want- you to touch me, John."
John walks down the stairs from his bedroom, duffel bag in hand packed with clothes and toiletries for the long trip ahead, and as he stuffs his gun in his back pocket of his jeans before pulling on his coat, his cellphone rings. Without looking at the caller ID, he answers, “Hello,” he says with a sigh. He closes his eyes briefly before they fly open in shock.
John of course snorts out a laugh at the second one but continues on with the third and final message
He thinks to himself. He looks down at himself, at the knife's shiny surface, with self loathing and begins to think back to all the times they had had together. He bitterly laughs when he realizes that he was the one to ruin it all. His grip tightens further on the knife and his eyes harden and his body runs cold.
John was in a state of panic. Someone from St. Mary’s called a few minutes ago and just informed him that Sherlock was in the hospital. A few years ago, the pair decided that they would make the other their emergency contact. Sherlock saw no need to add Mycroft—he would always be the first to know anyway—and John knew Harry did not care. The inseparable two were like family anyway, so it was only the most logical step to take. Now, as John sat in a cab, racing toward St. Mary’s, he was so glad that Sherlock had not had the time to change the information. When Sherlock left with Mycroft, John knew it would be nearly impossible to find the ebony haired man unless the elder Holmes wanted him to be found. While he was relieved to know where Sherlock was, he was concerned about the detective’s safety.
He’s finally had enough. With Rosie downstairs with Mrs. Hudson, and Sherlock’s supposedly in his mind palace while John pretends to read the paper, John risks a glance at the other man. He does not expect to see a pair of sad, verdigris eyes trained on his own before quickly slamming shut. Maybe Sherlock believes that if he is quick enough, John won’t notice the sadness still lurking around his features. But John sees and no one knows Sherlock Holmes better than John Watson.
At this point, he has earned the title of Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. It was on one mission that everything changed. John was kneeling down to patch up a fallen, wounded soldier, when suddenly a burning, white-hot, searing pain spreads throughout his entire body, radiating from his shoulder. As his vision slowly begins to fade, he hears shouting in the distance and running footfalls. His last, conscious thought is, ‘
When he finally finishes at Baker Street, it only takes a few hours, and he knows he’s hot on her trail. He pulls out his phone and calls John.
Trigger Warnings for this chapters: Character Death, noncon touching, noncon kissing, noncon drug use, sort of molestation (I think). I think that's it. I am always trying to look out for people, so if you see anything that needs to be tagged, let me know, please.
to suffer your presence any longer." When those ten words are uttered the footsteps stop and a cold, chilling reply comes from an angered army doctor, "Well, that's good then. You won't have to
John again crumbles onto the ground, unable to keep standing due to the crushing finality and weight of it all. He is left alone then. There are no longer persistent hands holding him back, so now he lets his defenses fall and a heart-breaking sobs escapes from his lips. John's entire world has crumpled. His shoulders have slumped and he is defeated. He looks up to the sky in a silent plea for this all to have been a horrible nightmare. The only answer he receives is the sky opens up and there is a downpour of rain all around him.
There was nothing subtle about it. Sherlock caught on in moments and quickly snuffed out any hopes John had. "John, erm... I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I know you once had a soul bound, I have never had one and don't intend to participate in mindless, tawdry affairs. Although I'm flattered by your interest, I'm really not looking for any…" John laughed off the rejection easily enough. He hadn't expected to go anywhere with his suggestion, but he thought he might try. He made a vain attempt of declining his intentions with a "
him not to go back to see you, but he was insistent and eager to be reunited with you. Even after letting you physically beat him, asking him to be your best man, and marrying Mary, you have the
Before Sherlock, John’s life had been missing something. Everything was dull, life was grey, and nothing had true meaning. Then, suddenly, the unprepared ex-army doctor met this whirlwind of a detective who turned his life upside down. Everything was brighter, life was exciting, and he felt as if he could finally breathe. When the detective fell, John had no reason to live. Life was once again so meaningless, but after two long years of separation, Sherlock came back, and after time had past and anger spent, the all-encompassing sense of joy enveloped John along with the idea that he could finally be with his threadmate for forever.
For a moment, all John can do is grit his teeth at the searing, white hot pain that seems to take over every functioning part of his brain and body.
When it was finally time to make the arrests Sherlock and Lestrade chased the villain throughout the streets of London. Sherlock, '
As if sensing John’s eyes on him, Sherlock awakens with a groan and stretches his long limbs. When Sherlock finally lays eyes on his loving blogger, a slow smile spreads across the detective’s face. Sherlock’s voice is deep as he rumbles out, “Good morning, John.” The doctor leans forward and places a loving kiss against his threadmate’s mouth as he whispers a, “Good morning, my love.”
By some saving grace, a patrolling police car stops them to question the two teens on why they were out at such a late hour. They quickly explain what had transpired that evening and soon, they were off to the hospital to fix John’s broken arm. Hours later, arm just recently set in a blue cast, an officer arrives to take the teenagers’ statements. It was only then that the two children finally reveal the extent of their guardian’s abuse. With a little coaxing, John and Harry slowly display the dark patches of deep blue and purple.
As soon as the vehicle stops, John throws the money at the cabbie, waits long enough for the taxi to speed away, and then he is pulling out his Sig and begins to walk slowly into the building. He has his gun drawn as he first steps through the debris. He manages to walk a short distance until he suddenly hears more gunfire.
The front door closes and both men's heads snap to the flat's entrance. Sherlock scrambles for a hiding place for the rings and finally stuffs them into the skull's eye sockets. The detective has just enough time to lay down on the couch before the flat door opens revealing the jumper clad doctor, arms heavy ladened with many bags of groceries. John nods his head in Mycroft's general direction, and then walks back into the kitchen to make another cup of tea. Mycroft then takes this as a cue to leave but not before cryptically saying, "Everything has been set into motion. When you are ready, the facility will be at your disposal." After a nod from the ebony haired man, Mycroft departs.
When he sees the last message his blood turns to ice and freezes only momentarily before he makes an excuse to Sarah and quickly leaves the establishment. He then texts Greg to find out where they are. In the cab ride over to the hospital, John can feel this odd tingling sensation in his left hand. Without looking down, he knows what he will find there: an unmistakable crimson, fiery red thread connecting him to the man not even two miles away.
I am freeeee! Not because of the fanfiction. I've been so busy lately, I hastily read through this (so if you find tons of mistakes, that's why) so that I could post. I run a little Etsy shop and I received two new orders and they took up my time. Also, to teacupsandspoons, I didn't have time to fix any of those wonderful things you told me about, so for that I apologize. Hopefully I'll eventually get around to fixing them. Also, this chapter is super long for me... O.o I couldn't think of a way to split it up, so...have a long chapter!
The tears have stopped, but Sherlock’s voice sounds hollow and distant. “I’m not like other people, John. I’m not good. I’m not kind. I say the wrong things. I’m a
Sherlock and John were strictly friends until Jim Moriarty came into the picture. Sherlock then realized that he
John hears his phone vibrating in his pocket, excuses himself from the other doctors and checks his messages. He rolls his eyes and quickly typed out his reply.
to insinuate he doesn’t care about you?” In this moment John can see why he is labeled the ‘Ice Man’, every word is laced with icy bitterness and spite as he continues with, “Not to mention all the other deplorable things you said to him. You have no idea what he’s gone through, Doctor Watson. You have no idea the pain he’s gone through to make sure you could remain happy.” The man once again tries for indifference, but it sounds too forced as he quietly says, “You’ve had your fun, but now I think it’s time for the games to end.”
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my extremely wonderful, fantastic, and extraordinary beta. She always gives me such wonderful advice and encouragement!
Special Thanks: QueenLadyAnne, my extremely wonderful and helpful beta, and the ever so lovely Ariane DeVere (Linke here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/) for creating such a wonderful transcript to go by. I appreciate both of these lovely human beings.
His grip tightens on his gun and he reaffirms his aim, but Mary laughs—without noticing that Sherlock is awake—scornfully proclaims, “Oh, please, John. We both know you won’t hurt me. Your darling little wife, remember?” John snarls out, “My wife? Oh, but you were never really that, were you? I was a pawn. You used me to get to Sherlock. Mary Morstan never existed.”
Minutes later, the worried army doctor's phone pings several times, indicating to him that he has received messages.
When they finally reached the hospital, Sherlock was whisked away in a flurry of barked orders and surgical masks. John watched them disappear down the long white hallway until they turned a corner and lost sight of them. With nothing else he could do, John sat down on the cold plastic chairs to await the doctor's prognosis. Mycroft arrived, 15 minutes later, carrying his black umbrella in a clenched fist. Nothing was said for the next hour until the doctor arrived with his news.
