“Bernice.” Cas tells him seriously. He cracks a smile at Dean’s answering face of surprise. “Your car?”
Long after Cas falls asleep, Dean stays up worrying. What if something severe really did happen to Cas ? What would he do ? He doesn’t think he could make it through everything without him.
A few days after arriving home, Dean calls for his boyfriend in an unsure tone. “Yes Dean?” Castiel appears at his side in under a minute.
Dean is surprised at how comfortable he feels here. He hasn’t been back up to this wing of the hospital since he was discharged all those months ago. There’s a lot of memories here, that’s for sure, but a lot of them are good. It’s nice to sit and remember for a minute, and realize how far he’s come since then. Just because he’s had some setbacks since then, doesn’t mean that he’s stopped moving forward. It’s taken him a long time to come to these conclusions, and he knows he had to figure it out for himself.
, and pretty much his whole month long stay in the hospital is him trying to get more accustomed to him. He feels bad about it, he knows that must be really hard for Cas.
“Yes.” He tells him, his eyes welling up. Dean slides the ring onto his finger. Everyone around them claps and cheers, and Dean stands up and takes a bow. He pulls Cas up with him and yells “We’re getting married !” More people cheer, and a few come up and congratulate them.
“And why is it good news that Child Protective Services is coming here?” Dean asks, bouncing the baby on his knee.
Cas takes in Dean’s appearance. He has dark circles under his eyes, which are wide with panic. His skin looks pale and sweaty, and he looks like he wants to escape. He knows what’s going on, and that they have to wait it out. “Hey, I’m here.” He stays a safe distance away from him.
“Thanks.” Dean hadn’t been planning on telling that much at all- actually, he’d planned on not really saying much, period. But then he got here, and everything was stirring under the surface of his skin. If he didn’t let it out somehow, he felt like he was going to explode. Dean feels like pressure has been released, like he’s a little lighter somehow. Maybe Cas was right, this could be good for him…
On this particular Friday afternoon however, business has been slow all day. Cas looks up immediately when he hears the bell on the door chime. Dean walks in looking sun-kissed from long hours outside. “Hey stranger.” He smiles and walks up to the counter. “What time are you off?”
“We met in 2001, in Afghanistan. You had just enlisted and I was a mission worker there, with my church. I brought your platoon some water… I told you I didn’t believe in the war, and we argued at first. Then we just kept meeting up, and we would just talk. Mostly we’d lay on our backs and look up at the stars together…I left a few months before you were deployed back home, and then we didn’t see each other for a few months. But then you drove to South Carolina to visit me….you stayed a week with me, and then was when I knew I loved you. We started dating after that, and we would drive to each other’s house every weekend….the first time that we, um, made love…was the night you asked me to move in with you. We were so happy…..but then you enlisted again. I was so mad at you, I said some awful things to you, and I didn’t say goodbye before you left. I’m so sorry for that. We wrote letters to each other though…I’ll bring them and you can read them.” Cas looks down and fidgets with his hands, unsure of what to say next. It’s really hard for him, he will have to re-explain the details of their relationship to someone who once knew him better than anyone.
Cas draws a deep breath. “My last boyfriend had blue eyes. I think they might be overrated. I much prefer brown…or green.” Cas can’t believe he’s mentioning Balthazar at all, not to mention /here/, to Dean of all people. He thinks it’s his way of telling Dean he’s into men as well, but he can’t be too sure because his brain feels too much like the honey in his tea.
Cas comes in and puts a gentle hand on Dean’s arm, not grabbing, just resting. “Dean.” He says in a calm voice. “Dean, you’re having a panic attack. Just breathe for me, deep breaths, and Benny and I will stay with you, okay ?” Dean turns his attention from Benny to Cas and visibly tries to calm himself. It doesn’t work for several minutes, but together, Cas and Benny are able to de- escalate him.
“Yeah.” Dean offers no other elaboration on the matter. “So how about we get to cooking these burgers?”
“I don’t believe in the way the conflict with the US and Afghanistan was handled with a war that ruins entire villages, no. Women and children are left without homes or families, or food or drink.” Cas says this as though his opinion is the only rational one, and Dean is a child he is explaining this ‘silly little war’ to. “And what’s more, you soldiers don’t even care. You only care about your guns and how many people you kill. It’s a sad, desperate attempt at proving masculinity.”
The first night he wakes up screaming, he scares the daylights out of Cas. They sleep in the same room, Dean on the bed and Cas on a pull-out couch.
For Dean, Cas is a guardian angel. He keeps him company and makes him laugh, even when he feels like breaking down and crying. All his other friends haven’t even made an attempt to see him since the kidnapping, but he doesn’t feel like he needs them with Cas around.
“In a way. It is my duty to serve Heaven and do as they ask of me.” The pair are sitting outside on Dean’s small back patio. The evening air is balmy and the sky is a beautiful peach color, signaling the setting of the late June sun.
When the one measly little bar of service popped up, Dean felt like he was racing the clock, as though the phone might change its mind and lose coverage if he didn't act fast.  He went into his recent calls and rang up Sam, who picked up almost immediately.
At first, it didn’t look like Cas understood. But he must have figured out Dean’s meaning, because he dipped his head to keep eye contact and assured, “Dean, you
“Get ready to lose,” Dean told him. Castiel lifted his head off the rug to raise an unimpressed brow at him. But then Dean grabbed his sides and began mouthing at the ridge of his hipbone. Castiel inhaled shakily and let his head drop back down to the floor. He stared up at the ceiling without really seeing it. Dean moved across the line of Castiel’s hips, the stubble on his cheeks scratching as he nipped and sucked the skin. He dipped low at points, teasingly close to Castiel’s dick.
“Yeah, whatever you say, perv,” one of the cops said, her grip on his shoulder tightening as she led him forward.
Zachariah pulled him back and then pushed him forward again, making Dean fall to the side. The iron rack standing beside the hearth clattered and toppled over with him.
And then, suddenly, Castiel’s vision blurred and stung as the overhead lights burst on. Dean leaned back, blinking rapidly.
"Great! See you there," Sam said before departing, and although few words had passed between them, Castiel felt as if they’d bonded in the last few hours. That they might just be friends now.
Their bodies moved against each other, stomachs rubbing together, and there was something about it that made Dean lightheaded. Having his belly pressed against someone else’s had always felt intimate, but not like this.
He paced backward, smacking his lips and knocking his fists together before throwing one thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the kitchen. “I’ll just go get them.” His heel connected with something, and he stumbled before realizing it was one of Sam’s shoes. He cursed under his breath, suddenly feeling like a dumbass. Dean kicked the shoe out of the way a little more violently than he'd intended.
He squinted at the numbers on the mailboxes, muttering them aloud, until he reached Meg's.  He parked the truck in front of it, killing the engine and peering at the windows of the house.  The top floor seemed dark and vacant, but there were a few lights on the lower level to combat the dusty red and orange gloom of dusk falling around them.
He didn’t answer. He didn’t know how. She was wrong. Dean would never like him as anything more than a friend. He’d made that abundantly clear. No matter what Castiel felt for him, it would never be reciprocated, and that was okay. He could love Dean from afar. It was better than nothing. He was making peace with that.
He was a little startled when Cas’ fingers brushed his own, as if testing the waters, and then Cas slipped their hands together. Dean’s palms were slick and probably gross, but Cas didn’t seem to mind. His hand was cold. Dean would either warm him up, or Cas would cool him down.
She shrugged timidly, crossing her arms tighter.  “Sorry. Don’t kill the messenger.” And then, more indignantly, “Maybe I’d be able to help if I wasn’t
Good question.  Dean really didn't know why the hell he'd called.  With a panic, he realized he had no idea what to say.  He just wanted to hear Cas’ voice.  "Nothing.  I was just—you know, calling to say hi."
Sam didn’t seem convinced.  He puckered his lips, but apparently, he didn’t have a strong enough argument against that, so he kept quiet.
Castiel’s spine wracked with a shiver as he leaned over to put his shoes back on.  When he was tying them up, Dean yawned, “Alright, I’ll drive ya.”
Dean faced forward.  He put the keys in the ignition and turned on the car.  “Because that’s my job, Sammy,” he said again, wearier this time.  Sam didn’t answer. He knew the argument wasn’t over, but he was happy to make it a problem for the future.  Sam was taken care of for the moment. The next problem he had to deal with was Cas.
His daughter rolled her eyes at him but he could see that they were red beneath the dark liner. She licked her lips and tilted her head and then dropped against his chest in a hug. “Missed you, Pops,” she sighed into the collar of his shirt, holding tight.
“I’ll be damned,” he breathed out, taking another step forward as Sam let his hand fall away.  A smile was already coming to his face as he called across the room, “Charlie?  Charlie Bradbury!  Is that you?”
wanted.  He just didn’t know how to ask for it.  He thought he’d kill the mood if he tried to put it into words.
"You don't know what the hell you're talking about," John snipped back.  "After everything that family's done—."
Dean stood up, satisfied, and a little guilty for keeping the travel agent on hold for so long.  “I’m gonna go book that car now,” he said, pushing the chair back into the desk.
He scooped up the baby before kneeling down again to pick up the sparse leather medical satchel.  Silently, he made for the door, cursing it when it squeaked slightly.
Bending down, he picked up his boots and nestled them under his armpit.  He tiptoed to the armchair, where a strip of moonlight streaked across Jack’s face.  The baby blinked up at him and made a gentle cooing sound.  Castiel picked up the wicker basket, causing Jack to make another happy noise.  Castiel shushed him.
"Duh," Lucifer said, like it was all so obvious.  Like that was the logical thing to do.  "Don't get me wrong—the trips to Maui were a bonus, but I wasn't exactly subtle about what I was doing.  I wanted people to dig into us.  I wanted them to see Evangelist for what it really is.  What I did was just the tip of the iceberg."
The realtor had left about a half hour ago, once the keys were exchanged and everything was signed, sealed, and delivered. The three of them took their duffels and set them down on the floor in the kitchen, because first things were first.
Castiel didn’t understand.  This wasn’t how he pictured this conversation.  He shook his head, trying to right himself.  “What?”
“If you pull out a bottle of moonshine, I’m walking home,” Cas threatened. Dean laughed in surprise. He pulled a frown.
Okay, Dean was officially done. He’d tried to extend an olive branch, but now he was just pissed again. “You really still holding this over my head? How many times do I have to say it? Sorry I didn’t tell my mom! There, I said it again. Happy?”
“I do,” Castiel assured him.  “Every corner is filled with aspects of yours and your brother’s lives.  It’s . . .” He tried to find the right word. Whatever it was, it was the antithesis of the modernistic spaces he was used to.  “Homey,” he landed on.
good. He was in heaven, surrounded by everyone he ever loved! And that was just the thing, wasn’t it?
Dean sucked in a breath, jerking his head up at the sound of his name spoken so soft and sorrowfully. Sam stood on the other side of the gate, hands in his pockets. Dean wiped at his face and sat back, trying to rid himself of all evidence of the burning tears. Shame prickled inside him. He didn’t want Sam to see him break down. He didn’t want Sam to doubt their plan.
All at once, time froze.  Or maybe that was just Castiel’s heart skipping a beat.  He didn’t know if the moment of shock registered on his face, but it didn’t seem to matter.  Crowley was still speaking.
The snow had melted somewhat since Dean’s last trek toward the cemetery, leaving only frozen earth to crunch beneath his boots. The icy blades of grass bent around his footprint, and Dean tried not to consider that, if he died in the ritual, those imprints in the frost would outlive him.
Castiel looked down at Jack again, and he wasn’t certain if Kelly’s anxiety was infectious or if he was panicking on his own. He had no idea how to look after a child. He tried to recall some of the things he did when he was Jack’s age. His tutors had begun teaching him how to ride horses, play the piano, read and write. Currently, he wasn’t in possession of any instruments, and he wasn’t even sure if people bothered with equine lessons now that cars were invented, but he got the feeling he was Kelly’s only hope.
Benny shrugged out his hands. “It ain’t perfect, you got me there. But offer’s on the table.” He knocked his knuckles on the counter. “Take it or leave it.”
Cas glanced over from his place on the edge of the bed to acknowledge him.  Dean grunted in response, not really in the mood for much else.  Sam paced over to the dresser and smiled down at Jack, met in return with a blank stare, before grabbing the wooden chair next to the bed and sitting in it.
Dean rolled his eyes to combat the stinging pressure building in them.  He turned to the side just in case any got through.  For good measure, he ran his hand down his face, and pulled at his mouth.  He was exhausted.
Dean’s eyes snapped back up to him, wide and alert. Castiel didn’t know what to make of it. But, before he could ask, Dean’s expression melted back into ease. “Yeah, no—maybe you’re right. I’m being dumb.”
years! He’d been planning it from the moment his dad first set him in front of a steering wheel at the age of thirteen and said, “drive.”
“Yeah, good idea,” Dean said, wondering why he hadn’t come up with it. He leaned over, picking up the pencil. Benny stepped away, muttering something about giving Dean privacy.
Dean’s heart stopped.  Everything stopped: the noise in the bar, time, oxygen, Dean’s brain (even though it was debatable that had ever been up and running in the first place)—everything.  He heard static. It started as a low buzzing, and incrementally got louder and louder until it overcame him.
Slowly, he dragged his hand lower to the dip of Dean’s spine, where his shirt was riding up. He splayed his palm on the warm skin there, relishing in the sound it elicited. Dean lowered one arm to trail his fingers down Castiel’s ribs, down his hip, and up his thigh to the bend in his knee. Castiel shuddered the whole way. He tightened his thighs against Dean, boxing him in.
“I didn’t assume I’d have a Christian burial,” he pondered. “If scripture is believed, suicide is a sin. But this seems excessive.”
Damn, that felt even better.  He wondered how many times he could say that before it got to be too much.  Probably an unlimited amount. It almost felt as good as an orgasm.
Dean had to go.  Now. He couldn’t just sit there.  Damn the traffic. Fuck the rain. Cas was on a bus on the other side of the intersection and he was about to leave forever.
"Wait, Dean—," Sam called, suddenly sounding so sorry.  He let out a thick sound, and Dean just wasn't interested.  He kept walking.  "Dean, hang on."
Dean really didn’t know what he’d expected.  He guessed he expected a lot more long pauses and uncomfortable dips in conversation—not just because Cas was his boss, but because having to make conversation with a former one-night stand again was always weird.  But hanging out with Cas actually didn’t suck.
“Is that what you think I want?” Castiel asked, already knowing the answer. They’d never given up on each other before; they wouldn’t now.
yo yo! get ready for some answers to your questions (and more questions) in these next two chaps! hope you enjoy!
“Shame we didn’t have two horses,” Dean said, and it took a second to process in Castiel’s mind. Disappointment curled low in his gut until Dean went on: “We coulda raced. I’d kick your ass.”
Without another word, Michael lowered his head until his chin touched his chest. Castiel saw the moment the light of his grace faded to the background, allowing the kaleidoscope hues of color, like a crystal held up to the sun, of Dean’s soul slide to the front.
Before he could protest, she slid her arm out of his and walked across the grass. Castiel followed after her at once. Dean didn’t look up, not until Daphne called, “Excuse me? Mr. Wesson?”
Dean had wanted to, really. Something had stopped him. He couldn’t say what. Maybe it was the dream he’d had about a field of soldiers, of a gun in his hand, of Cas standing on the other side of the barrel and falling, bloody. Maybe it had been the hours Dean had been awake after that, just listening to Cas breathe, knowing he wouldn’t get to have this for much longer.
“Sam, it’s cool. He’s cool,” Dean said, holding out his hands. He situated himself between the two of them. Sam relaxed, but his brow pinched with confusion.
The day had warmed up a little by the time he stepped out of the tree line. He squinted in the sun, eyes surveying the grounds while he walked. Garth was in the dog run, his laughter trailing behind him as he bound around the grass. The dogs jumped and barked, circling around him for their morning exercise. Dean caught his eye at one point and gave him a wave. Garth waved back enthusiastically.
“Of course,” the agent said, and there was the clacking of a keyboard on the other end.  “And I see we have a car picking him up to take him to the airport. The car service suggests 6:45 AM.  Is that okay?”
Dean shrugged the compliment off.  “I try, I guess. Don’t know how good I am at it.  But Sam’s a good kid. Deserves better than he’s got.”
“Sorry, brother,” Benny said, sounding humored. “Need to get the menu for this weekend set by the morning and I couldn’t find ya. I did look.”
Sure, the plane smelled stale and funky, and he was still trapped inside a screaming metal death trap hurling through the air at a zillion miles per hour, but maybe he didn’t have to think about that.
They’d both lost track of the time hours ago, but it was getting late, and they were both hungry.  Castiel offered his apartment, grateful that Balthazar was still away for the summer vacation. The only downside was having to ride in two separate cars, even though it was only a twenty minute journey.
He thought it even as he got closer, when he saw a familiar piece of tan fabric draped over the rock, hanging heavy off the side and sweeping at the underbrush.
Trying to distract himself, Dean glanced back at the city across the way.  It’d been nice getting out of it. He didn’t actually remember the last time he’d done that; but his head felt clearer for it.  And maybe he didn’t have to travel far and wide to get that feeling. Maybe he just needed to breathe in the fresh air of the mountains every now and again.
“I suppose you haven’t given me a choice,” Rowena admitted. “Though, do you mind if I patch myself up first? If you recall, I’ve just been shot.”
Ripping his eyes away, he looked down at his hands. The sinew and tendons shifted under his white knuckles as he gripped his knees. Inside, his lungs expanded sluggishly, each breath counting out the time he had left until the carriage took him off to Boston in the morning.
"Oh, my.  You don't happen to be closed, do you?" he asked in that nasally voice that sounded a little bit like nails on a chalkboard.
“Nah,” he said.  “Dick only pulls this shit when it’s good news.”  If it were bad news, it would be an email from HR telling them that they’d be doing Summer Fridays again that year, with something buried in fine print on the way bottom.  It’d be past the point where any normal person would stop reading, saying something along the lines of,
Dean set his computer on his lap and placed his open notebook between them. Cas glanced down at it, then picked it up. “Is this an art class?”
“C’mon, dove,” Dean encouraged, using the term of endearment he only uttered in delicate moments. Castiel could feel his orgasm building up inside of him. It rolled in like thunder, causing his body and grace alike to thrum under Dean’s every touch. “C’mon, I got you.”
Castiel looked away again, not knowing what to say to that. Dean shouldn't pity him. He wanted to steer the conversation away from him. “What about you? Are you a student?”
Castiel had gray in the hair around his temples. They’d bought him a pair of glasses to wear so he could read. Dean would often find him dozing off in the middle of day. Just a few weeks ago, they had to take him to the doctor when Castiel felt a pain in his chest. (It was just heartburn, which Dean was thankful for. But now Cas had to take a prescription for hypertension.)
“Anyone else notice how much of our afterlife is spent waiting around for Cas?” John said dryly, turning away from the window.
Dean turned the phone around to show him the screen. The numbers were counting down from five minutes. “See? Stopwatch.” He tossed the phone to the floor beside them.
—seeing his own face staring back at him in a photograph—was surreal. He didn’t really know where to go from there.
Dean dropped his shoulders, his attitude with them.  He had to come clean.  Cas would find out the truth sooner or later—probably at Dean's trial right before he got sent off to prison for ten to twenty.  He side-glanced up at the camera to make sure it still wasn’t recording.
He thought back to his own father, who was always off fighting some battle.  As a child, Sam never understood why.  Why was he never home?  Why did he risk his life in such a way?  Now, he thought, maybe, John did it so that his sons could be safe.
“Dean,” he said firmly, putting up a hand to bar Dean’s way, and glancing around the empty road for signs of someone watching them.  Perhaps it was unreasonable, especially since the street was vacant.
And Dean could practically feel the curious energy radiating off Charlie.  She was going to say something. There was no stopping her. He braced for impact.
“Look,” Dean placated. He put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel was too tired to shake him off. “I’ll tell her. Everything. I just… gotta figure out how.” He glanced over his shoulder. “Can we talk about this later?”
But then, seemingly out of nowhere, a blur of brown leather and blue jeans dove in from the other side of the street and scooped Jack up by the torso.  Jack’s legs went flying in a circular motion as he was spun around and fell in a heap on the sidewalk. The car blared its horn as it whooshed by.
Dean had thought giving Sammy a regular Halloween when he was a kid had been tough. (He’d steal “scary” masks from a local drug store and take Sam door to door in whatever town they were happened to be in, using a pillow case from the motel as a candy bag. Sam was never all that into it, and Dean was usually the one to eat all the candy afterward, but Dean would be damned if Sam didn’t experience Halloween like every other kid, like it or not.) But, with Jack, it was impossible. It wasn’t like he could knock on people’s doors trying to pass Jack off for the giant toddler he was.
Dean barely paid attention.  Next to him, Cas didn’t take a sip of his drink.  He was just looking into it, in some kind of trance.  The lines on his face were back, and so was the darkness hanging over him.  Damn it. Dean shouldn’t have left him. Cas had been doing so well.
“It’s what’s best, Dean,” he answered solemnly.  “Every negative this will cause is outweighed by the positives in the long run.  I have to believe that.”
He kneaded his fist into the front of Dean’s shirt and pulled him back in teasingly, brushing their lips together.  “Is that what you want, Dean?”
When they squeezed around the breakfast table to eat, Dean realized that, even though Bobby and Cas had met plenty of times at the garage, they’d never had an extended conversation before; and Ellen had never even met him.  He kind of felt like he was taking Cas home to meet his parents for the first time, but weirdly, it didn’t make him nervous. This was his family: a mix-match of people who had nowhere else to go on Christmas, no other group of people to belong to.  He thought Cas would fit right in.
“Super fun!” Meg exclaimed in a mocking tone, and it was almost enough to make Castiel laugh because Anael had no idea she was being teased.  He was in a somewhat better mood now that Michael’s eyes were off of him. Plus, he’d managed to get through the meal without anyone mentioning Meg as his girlfriend, so he supposed he was in the clear.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Alright, smartass. You haven’t changed a bit, you know that?” It was actually kind of nice. The longer he talked to her, the more he saw it. She was older, yeah, but she was still Claire.
From nearby, there was a sudden flapping of wings. Castiel looked over his shoulder, taken by surprise. He missed the bird that had been there, but the leaves were still shaking upon impact. He wasn’t certain if the sound or his quick reaction had been the culprit, but Dean woke up. His body went tight against Castiel’s and he pulled in a sharp breath.
She laughed. “I think that’s pretty obvious, don’t you?” She swiveled to the side and went into the top drawer, tucking a strand of wavy hair behind her ear as she did so. “I found this, too.” She pulled out a leather bound book, opened it, and offered it to Castiel.
That wasn’t news to Castiel; he’d just never seen it firsthand.  Dean hadn’t fought for money since before they met—unless he did it on the road and Castiel didn’t know about it.  But he was fairly certain he’d be able to spot the cuts and bruises on Dean when he got home.
He thought of that night in Arkansas City—falling asleep with Dean and Jack, waking up slowly to the same thing.  Ever since then, he felt like he’d been chasing the feeling such moments made bloom inside his chest.  He’d recreated it in his mind time and time again until the remembered press of his cheek to Dean’s chest and the imagined weight of Dean’s arm on his shoulder were a thrumming sensation on his skin.
“They’re pretty frequent this time of year, though,” the clerk assured, evidently taking pity on him.  But his next words gave Castiel no solace: “There should be another coming through in—oh, I’d say—a week or two.”
Dean put his lips around the head of Castiel’s cock and swirled the tip of his tongue. Castiel groaned, and pitched his hips up to push himself further into Dean’s mouth. Dean took it in stride by sucking him down. His hands came up to wrap around Castiel’s thighs, holding them in place when all instinct told Castiel to squeeze them against Dean’s face.
God, this was awkward.  Not just because he knew Jo was sweet on him since she was a kid.  He turned back to the creek, hoping the heat on his face wasn’t evident in a blush.  Maybe the tinted sunlight would cover it.
Dean hummed, pulling down the corners of his mouth. “Ah, you’re a little to the left,” he said again, voice going up an octave. It was condescending.
Claire took ten minutes in the bathroom and emerged with a pale face, sunken eyes and nose, and a streak of blood dripping from the corner of her mouth. “DIY Zombie,” she said with a wink, zippering a make-up bag closed. Cas wondered how good she had gotten with cosmetics in the past year until he saw the familiar packaging in the trash from Abaddon’s line of enchanted make-up and disguises.
She understood it as a warning, but shrugged innocently.  “I’m just saying. Kinda thought it’d be awkward for you guys.  After . . . you know.”
Dean felt himself deflate.  He just about collapsed against the wall.  Next to him, Sam nodded and ran his shaky hand down his mouth to collect himself.
Dean hugged her back, splaying his hands on her shoulder blades and keeping her close. He’d miss her.
He had the same internal debate every time he shirked his eldest brother’s grossly meticulous timetables.
Dean rounded the corner to find a tightly knit group of at least two hundred bodies standing around, all looking in the same direction.  Right next to the pavilion, which acted like a shield against the hot sun, a temporary sound stage was set up.  Two large speakers were on stands on either side, and there was a giant banner above it reading
Dean forgot all about their audience when Cas laid a trail of open-mouthed kisses to his stomach and along his hips.  He tried to part his legs, hoping to direct him a little faster to where Cas was already headed, but his jeans were still constricting his thighs.
And then it was Dean’s turn.  He stripped out of his shirt the rest of the way and forcefully handed it to Sam before pulling off his boots.  He was carrying himself much more tensely now, and Sam was partially grateful he wasn’t taking the situation so lightly anymore.
“Apologies if we disturbed you,” Castiel told Dean. Dean only nodded again. Daphne hooked her arm in Castiel’s again and they turned away, headed toward the patio. Castiel glanced over his shoulder, finding Dean back on the ground, shoulders held tightly. Castiel did his best to ignore the fact that Dean and Daphne’s meeting had troubled him. The conversation had been innocent and genuine, and the perceived awkwardness was only in his mind. He tried to shake away the strange way his lungs had tightened.
“Found some stuff about Charles Novak and the history of the manor. Apparently, it had been in Cas’ family for a couple generations. They even have their own cemetery on the grounds.”
“Cas?” Dean whispered through the wood. Castiel dropped his shoulders, relieved. “It’s me. Open up.”
“A lot. Trust me,” she said, and Castiel supposed he had no other choice than to take her word for it. “Point is, it’ll be harder for Dean to get to you. You’ll be alone, and you’ll have to kill yourself. I’ll take care of the rest.”
While Cas rested back against the bed, Dean reached out of the curtain and turned off the gas lantern. The room faded into darkness. All he heard was Cas’ breathing.
It was Monday morning, which meant they had to go back to the office.  It felt weird to think about that, when they’d been in Paris only two days ago.  Dean hadn’t even been back to his own apartment yet. Their flight got in early Saturday, and Cas’ place was easier to get to from the airport, mostly because a car had picked them up.  He crashed there for a while, expecting to only take a nap—but it turned into the whole weekend. And if there’d been any question whether or not they were sleeping together before, there wasn’t now.  Dean was sore and aching in all the best ways.
Dean’s clothes were dry.  He’d rebuilt the fire in the hearth, its flames currently popping and hissing, and he’d shed his outer layers to lay them on the floor beneath it.  And he’d pointedly ignored the way Cas had watched him, somehow with both aloofness and interest, when he took off the clothes.  Afterward, however, there wasn’t much to preoccupy his mind, no way to distract himself.
“Yeah,” Sam said, mulling it over. He looked up from the phone. “Maybe she’ll be able to help me remember stuff, too.”
The cop car was trailing after him, it’s siren now off but lights still blinding.  Dean realized every muscle in his body had tensed, and he had the fleeting thought of trying to escape.  Sure, a Dodge Charger could beat a classic Impala in the drag race easy, but he had enough confidence in his baby, not to mention his own driving abilities, to lose the cop.  Maybe he could try to OJ this mother.
Cas is bawling by the first sentence of the letter. He regrets more than ever telling Dean to leave, he could have had weeks of more time with him. He could have heard the first I love you in person, but instead he was a selfish bastard. He sent his boyfriend off to
The fact that Cas, an Angel, has (probably) seen his gay porno mags, the guy who is oblivious and yet could tell that he has a slight crush on Benny, is enough to add another piece of coal to his ever-present self-hatred fire/pity party combo. Dean feels that he has enough on his plate without worrying about whether half the town can tell that he’s into men just as much as he’s into women. His identity has always been beautiful women, fast cars, and loud music, and frankly, without that identity, Dean doesn’t know who he is.
Dean holds up a finger. He rifles around in the drawer next to his bed and pulls out a plastic bag filled with his possessions that he had with him overseas. It’s only a few things- a dirty piece of paper, a photograph, and his dog tags. “Is this it ?” He holds up the warn, frayed, and folded up piece of paper, handing it to Cas.
I haven't forgotten about you all ! Or this story. Here's another chapter, although it's a little short. I hope you enjoy it anyway, and check out my second fic that's currently in progress- "Angel of the Morning"
The boy walks in slowly, as though he’s preparing himself. He sucks in a breath when he sees Dean, his eyes tearing up. “I’m…I’m Dean’s brother, Sam.” He says to Cas. “Thanks for watching him.”
The first thing he does when he gets off the plane is hug Sam. He calls him a wimp for crying, but secretly he’s wiping his eyes behind Sam’s back. Sam drove here in Baby, and Dean drives them home with pride, blasting AC/DC with the windows rolled down. He takes a long, hot shower when they get there, then collapses into bed. He sleeps for two days straight.
The next time Cas pops up in Dean’s life is just a few weeks later. He’s ‘working’ near their base camp again. He actually scares the daylights out of Dean, when he appears seemingly out of nowhere. “Dean, it’s good to see a familiar face. Would you like some water ?”
Cas’ heart and stomach both drop. “Dean… you’re not a burden. You’re my…friend. I want to help you.”
Dean drives Cas home with the radio on low. The sky is dark now, and the windows in the Impala are rolled down. The warm, balmy air hits Castiel’s skin like a gentle caress. He feels so at ease, listening to the gentle rumble of the car coupled with the tune of Bryan Adams barely reaching his ears. As they walk up to his front door together, he can also make out the sound of crickets and frogs in the distance, his favorite summer sound. They both chirp together at night in harmony, coming from the small creek behind Cas’ house a ways. He and Dean look at each other nervously as they reach the porch. This is the best and worst part of any first date- the moment where you have to decide if you make the plunge for that first kiss.
Before they know it, it’s late fall again, Dean’s favorite time of year.  He loves to rake the yard and then insist that Cas jump in the leaves with him. He makes Cas cider, and in turn Cas will make him homemade pies. They cuddle in front of the fireplace, and they make love on the kitchen floor. Dean wears his layered flannels and jackets, and Cas wears his oversized sweaters. They’re so different, so contrasting, but they fit together so perfectly. Cas’ pale hand belongs nowhere else but tangled between Dean’s tanned fingers, and Dean’s sandy hair belongs nowhere else but mixing with Cas’ dark locks on their pillow.
It turns out he’s right- Bobby Singer, Ellen Harvelle, and even Sheriff Jodi Mills have come to see Dean. He takes a walk with the Sheriff for her own cup of coffee as the family converses with Mary.
“No, just try not to wake him, please. He’s been having trouble sleeping.” Mary says, sadness coloring her voice. “I suppose that’s to be expected though.” She sighs as she looks down at her son. “This is a miracle though, it really is. Angels were watching over him.”
He feels a small amount of guilt over the fact that he can’t remember exactly what her name is- Jennifer? Jenna? Something that starts with a ‘J’, for sure. She’s tall, brunette, and can hold her liquor.
Dean leans over Cas, gently shaking his shoulder. The sky is almost dark now, and dinner must be ready. Cas’ eyes open just inches from Dean’s face, and he finally gets a close up of those blue eyes that haunt his dreams. Dean stands up and holds a hand out for him. Cas gladly takes it and flashes Dean a smile when he stands up. They walk back together in silence.
Cas will admit, he is so lost in pleasure that he forgets that he is supposed to be helping his partner out too. He lets Dean kiss him passionately, his breathing erratic as he strokes him with an increasing pace. Dean’s thumb strokes over the head of his cock and he feels his orgasm begin to build. He moans particularly loud, bucking up into his boyfriend’s hand. “Dean…” His blue eyes meet Dean’s, which are darkened with lust and something else he can’t quite name. Dean looks between them at the act his hand is performing, and that’s it for Cas. He finishes all over his own shirt, toes curling at the force of his orgasm.
he’ll think. It’s like a prize in the middle of this slice of Hell that he endures every day. It’s unbearably hot, and he gets so hot that he just wants to collapse, but he can’t. He has a duty to do- he has to be on constant watch, looking out for himself and his brothers in arms. He’s seen so many people die that he’s lost count. He’s had to help carry the bodies of some of their own, but he tries not to think about these things, because they will mess with his head if he lets them. The only problem is that this is the realest thing he’s ever experienced, so it’s bound to. The nightmares come first. He sleeps sitting up against whatever he can find, and the nightmares always come. They start with graphic depictions of every member of his platoon being brutally slain by the enemy, then move on to him running through the desert as they surround him. They’re covered in blood, the blood of his brothers, and it trails on the sand behind them. So dark in color that you could almost pretend it wasn’t the remains of his friends…almost. They end as the bullets hit him, jolting him awake. He awakens sweaty and panicked, and more tired than before. It starts affecting his performance, and he comes so close to being shot for real that it makes him realize just how easily this could all end in an instant.
Its right then that the full gravity of what Dean has been through hits Cas, full force. This tragedy has happened to someone whom he actually knows- this isn’t just some tv drama. Evil is really out there, and it’s everywhere, even right in Castiel’s own hometown. It’s hard to believe someone can even survive something like that, let alone for years. Dean is so broken yet so strong at the same time, and yet here he was, a kind and gentle soul, even after everything.
The boys eat a nice meal on the back porch, and before either of them know it, it’s nearing 8pm. Castiel’s eyes are bright now, the effects of the beer nearly dissipated with the food now in his stomach. He offers to help clean up, but Dean still insists that he is a guest and he can take care of it. He walks Cas to the car.
“No, never. Things got better then, and I didn’t have those thoughts anymore. I started getting more comfortable around Cas, and I guess you could say I fell in love with him again.” Dean smiles softly at the thought. “We were happy for a long time, but sort of recently I actually remembered everything that I had lost, not just the war stuff. My PTSD came back pretty bad, and my depression…I started thinking those thoughts again.” He looks down at his hands. “That’s all I feel like talking about today.”
Dean picks a facility with the help of his supporters and is unpacking his things in his ‘new room’ two weeks later. He has decided that he doesn’t want any visitations while he is here, and he hopes that his family and Cas understand why. The tortured man wants no distractions, plus he wants to emerge a whole new man and surprise them all. It also may have a little something to do with the fact that if they come to visit he’s terrified that his willpower will break down and he will want to leave with them. Perhaps the toughest part is that the program has no set length- he will stay as long as he needs until they feel that he is mentally sound enough to return home.
Cas wakes up on the floor at 7am on the dot, when his phone rings. He already knows it’s going to be someone from the hospital convincing him not to quit after hearing his voicemail. He ends up having a thirty minute long conversation with his supervisor and concedes not to quit but to settle for a few personal days off. That offer is unheard of for a physician who is doing their residency, and Cas knows he should feel lucky, but the thought of having to leave Dean alone again is twisting his insides.
Dean has been in the hospital for five days. He’s frustrated, and he just wants to go home. Four years he’s waited to go home, but they only want to keep him here. In his mind, he can heal just as well there, without all the constant bustle and the tests and the needles. Right now, he’s leaning against his mom, pretending to sleep as she strokes his hair. Dean can’t believe he survived all of that horror without her, he honestly can’t. He’s glad he doesn’t have to anymore. He hears footsteps come into the room; most likely another doctor.
“Of course not.” Cas knows this is not the time to make any sort of sexual innuendo, joke or otherwise. He helps the taller man to the bathroom, and they decide together that a bath would be much easier. He helps him strip down to his boxers, then turns around to give him some privacy. This is not about seeing Dean naked, and he knows that.
"Hey, Sammy. What's up ?" Dean invites him in. It's been a long time since they've just been normal brothers.
"Dean....yes you are. You're gorgeous, you're perfect. And not just your looks ...everything about you." Cas looks at him sadly. "Please believe me. I wouldn't lie to you."
“Um, okay, thank you.” Castiel dutifully climbs into the backseat of Dean Winchester’s car for the second time.
Dean is discharged the next day in early afternoon. He has two broken ribs, a myriad of cuts and bruises littering his face and body, and one of his eyes is still in pretty bad shape but the swelling has reduced marginally. Mary, Bobby, Ellen and Jo, and Sam and Jess are all there with Castiel to help get Dean home safely and to make him comfortable. Cas will be staying at Dean’s with him while he heals, and Sam offered to alternate shifts of who will stay there to help him around the house. Gabriel is staying at Cas’ still to watch the place.
His face looks so hopeful that Dean reluctantly says yes. He showers for the first time in days, then eats lunch with Cas at the table. They go on a walk afterward, holding hands. It’s been a long time since they’ve done any of that, and Dean has to admit, he feels a tiny bit better. He’s really glad he decided to do this when he sees Cas all excited and getting ready for their dinner date.
"I'm sorry. But you have to keep going, and eventually it will all be over." Cas tells him softly. He pulls Dean into a hug.
"I think I need therapy. Or something..." Dean finally spits it out, leaning against the doorframe. His family looks at him in surprise.
Cas is discharged the next day with a clean bill of health save for the healing surgical wound. Gabriel kindly offers to take over his store for a few days until he can get back on his feet, and Cas accepts. He loafs around his house for a week, with Dean coming to check on him whenever he can. Gabe is staying with him, but he’s so busy with the store that he hardly sees his brother.
“Just breathe, Dean, it will be over in a few minutes.” Cas desperately wishes that he could do something more to help.
Dean shoots, and the roar of the bullets is deafening. It seems like time slows down as he hears the cries of men being hit, men being killed….
Cas shares memories of them together all the time with Dean, desperately trying to get him to remember. It’s hard to see him like this, looking vulnerable and confused in his hospital bed. He’s trying so hard, and Cas knows he is. It must be so much harder for him, not being able to remember your own life. It must be scary as Hell.
Cas prays now, every night, for Dean. It weighs on his mind that maybe, just maybe, he hasn’t seen him these four months because he was killed in the line of duty. He doesn’t want to think about that possibility- it seems like the only reason he’s still doing this now is for Dean. He’s lost his passion, not for helping people but for the peace side of this war. He sees the soldiers point of view now, whether that’s because of Dean or not. He sees the Afghans do just as much to the Americans, and yet there’s no one racing to help their side out. It’s a double standard and it’s unfair and it’s not real. It’s bullshit. Every night he lays in the sand and looks up at the stars.
Maybe it has something to do with the fact that he’s spent all his life in a small town in Kansas that is less than tolerable of anyone of a different race, religion, background, or sexual orientation. Maybe it has something to do with the disappointment he had seen in his father’s eyes the day that he caught him in his room with Aaron Bass when they were sixteen. Maybe it has something to do with how much his heart had hurt after he told Aaron the next day that he didn’t want to hang out anymore, maybe it was when he couldn’t even meet the other boy’s eyes as he did so. Or maybe, it was the burning jealousy that he felt when Aaron moved on with someone else senior year. Maybe it was his vow to never get involved with a guy again- or the familiar feeling of self-hatred he has had every ‘morning after’ for years to come when he has broken his own rule.
Dean has been here for two months, but the therapists and psychologists still don’t think he’s quite ready. He feels great, but he trusts their judgment. There’s no way that he wants to go home too soon and regress from all of his hard work.
Dean had thought this would be easier, he’d thought everyone was just over-exaggerating his condition, but no, he’s already a little winded. He’s determined though, and he pushes off the handrail and keeps going.
He’d missed this, and sometimes he still thought he’d had a break with reality, and that Dean wasn’t his anymore after all.  Not that Dean
And Dean wondered if he shouldn’t have shut Sam down so quickly—because there were things Dean wanted to say to him, too. Things like,
“And our stunning account managers who built such a rock solid relationship with the folks over at GM, Castiel and Max,” Dick said, gesturing towards them.  Their team lit up with whoops and applause, and it took Dean a second to realize he should be doing that, too. Because he was happy for Max—for
Dean jackknifed off the bed, gasping in so deeply that his throat felt raw. He kept drinking in the purple nighttime air of his bedroom. Every time he blinked, he saw blood, heard screams.
“Cas, wait,” he said before he’d even realized he was going to.  It was just a reaction—because he didn’t know how to not fight.  But there was nothing to fight for.
Her mouth fell open, and she gave an unsure sound as she glanced at the spot where Dean had disappeared from.  “You sure? We could hang out in here for a while?”
Cas didn’t say anything.  The line of his body was a little tenser than before.  And Dean didn’t know why it mattered so much anyway.
didn’t think that was too important,” he said through his teeth, because if he couldn’t get mad at Cas for what happened, he could still take it out on him.
And suddenly, knowledge dawned on Castiel, no matter how impossible it seemed. He recalled his bible studies throughout his education; he thought of the scripture the priests would preach at Sunday mass. “You’re the angel of death.”
At once, Dagon put back on her prudish, superior air.  Her walls went back up—but not all the way.  And maybe Ruby found herself more willing to let Dagon in, too.
Her eyes flashed with humored shock, and she gave a light laugh. “Right,” she said, visibly attempting to fight back a smile. “Silly me.” She touched her fist to his, then jerked back her elbow and splayed her fingers while making an explosive-type sound with her mouth. Castiel had no idea why she’d done that. The men hadn’t. But it was delightful.
Sammy was giving his best puppy dog eyes at the young woman on the couch across the coffee table from them. Maggie Fox seemed a little skittish, but Dean guessed he would be too if he came home from college for the weekend and found his parents’ bodies lying in the hallway.
“Our grandparents live full time in the city,” Daphne added, eyes beseeching. “It would be hard on them to travel to Amherst, and I’d love for them to be in attendance.”
,” Crowley said from behind him, knocking Dean out of his thoughts.  “Care to move this along?” He held out a hand towards the living room, and Dean felt pretty awkward as he moved inside and sat down on the black leather sofa.  He was pretty out of place, and he looked down at his mud-caked boots on the rug that probably cost a year’s worth of his rent. But hey, if Crowley was so loaded, chances were he could afford a vacuum, so Dean wasn’t too apologetic.
As Castiel settled in, he was aware of Dean pulling out his dime novel from his saddlebag.  The pages rustled in the breeze.  Castiel rested on his side, watching Dean read by firelight, the lines of his body much more relaxed than they had been earlier.
He gritted his teeth, trying to stave off his anger. “Have the doctors run tests. The children are cured.”
Chuck dropped his shoulders in a sigh, visibly forcing patience. Castiel knew that look as a warning. Fury was simmering just under the surface. But he didn’t care. He had to find Dean.
Dean let the words wash over him.  John was right. Dean couldn’t just roll over and accept what happened.  He had to fight. Cas was worth that.
“No,” he said with an exasperated breath.  “Do you mind if I leave them out here with you?”  He felt badly saddling her with them, but he had nowhere else to put them.  Evangelist didn’t have a daycare room on site, and he didn’t have any ideas.
She raised a brow, and folded her arms over her chest.  Her expression turned suspicious and slightly amused. “Uh-huh.  Why do you need me to do that again?”
Castiel didn't know what came over him when he narrowed his eyes and said, "You're right.  But, then again, not many of us share your passion for the company, to make house calls to our employees in the middle of the night.  How very hands on of you."
Dean wanted to wake him up and tell him to go to bed.  But, selfishly, he wanted Sam to stay, too. It was comforting having him there, and Dean didn’t want to let him out of his sight—not just for his own benefit, but because he’d convinced himself irrationally that some hit man was waiting at the back of the apartment to get the jump on Sam the second he went to bed.  It was stupid, because the Novaks wanted him dead, not Sam; but Dean figured he’d rather be safe than sorry.
Sam took a few steps back from the door, and some of Castiel’s annoyance returned as he remembered that he still had his own holiday obligations to worry about.  “Finally.”
Blindly, Dean plucked Castiel’s tumbler from his hand, their glasses clinking as they knocked together in his fingers, and he set both down on the TV stand. At once, Castiel’s hands were on him, palms dragging hard up Dean’s spine through his shirt. Dean pulled at Castiel’s button-down, sloppily untucking it from his pants. Once it was out, Castiel grabbed one of Dean’s wrists and moved it down so Dean could feel his erection through the fabric. He was already half-hard, and Dean took that as an invitation to knead at his cock.
Dean nudged his shoulder, taking his hands off the keys. “You need some alone time, grumpy?” he teased.
Dean gave an explosive sigh. “Okay, He-Man, but you’re bleeding all over the rug, so humor me.” He held out his hands.
The A/C unit abruptly turned off, and Dean barely noticed. They walked outside into the blinding morning light.
Sam waited behind the altar, bent low with his Smith & Wesson six-shooter in hand.  Dean was on the other side of it, out in the open.  He faced the altar, clothed in a long, plain brown monk robe.  His head was bowed.  His gun was resting in front of him in both hands, concealed from anyone who would come through the door.
“Just say yes,” Dean said, eyes pleading.  “Come on, man. All this bullshit—it isn’t you.  Come on.”
Cas was on his knees on the mattress, hands fisted into the front of Dean’s shirt, eyes wide and shimmering in the low light bleeding through the curtains from the streetlamp outside.
“Earliest record I can find of her dates back to the days of Salem,” Bobby told them. Dean’s brows shot up, waiting for an explanation. “She found a way to make herself immortal. Can’t be killed by anything.”
The meeting went on until close to 4 PM, and they were no closer to a pitch than when they started.  As the rest of them left, shoulders sagging and Dean’s arms laden with a million printed out pitch decks, Rowena made the creative team hang back.  The conference room door swung closed, and not even the soundproofing could contain her shouts as she berated the team. Dean almost felt bad for them, but his mind was swimming and he still had tunnel vision, and his fingers were twitching with pent up energy; so, he didn’t feel
He tilted his chin upward, gaze resting on the canopy above. Dean always hated that canopy. Castiel imagined ripping it down and fashioning the curtains into a rope. His eyes snagged on the rafter just over the foot of the bed.
Cas had been getting “some air” for about an hour now, and Dean tried his best not to notice the clock.  He would have thought Cas had left, except for the fact that Sam had gone looking for him twenty minutes ago to bring him his coat, and to try to talk some sense into him, only to return from the roof defeated.
Mary sat up, worry plain on her features. She reached for the remote and muted the television. The characters acted out the scene as silent as ghosts. The blue light continued to wash out the room. “What is it?” Mary asked. She scooted closer to the arm of the couch, offering Dean the spot between her and Sam.
Dean must have caught on by now to what Michael was trying to do, because his jaw was jutting out and his eyes were dull and dead as he stared, unblinking, at a fixed point between Michael’s eyes.  And Castiel didn’t want this. He didn’t want Dean to feel as if he didn’t fit in. Castiel wanted to share his life with Dean, as Dean shared his own with Castiel.
When Cas raised his axe, Dean’s attention snapped back to him.  He had one arm outstretched, and was staring down the target like he was threatening its life and that of its entire family.  When he threw it, his sleeve briefly tightened around the muscles of his arm as they flexed, and Dean could see the roll of his back under his shirt.  But, truthfully, all of that had gotten old about a dozen throws ago, and now Dean was just pissed off. The axe buried itself so deeply into the center of the board, he’d probably need to use his foot as leverage on the wall to yank it out.
“Dean… I want you inside me.” Castiel isn’t one for dirty talk, his demeanor far too shy for it, but he musters up the words to ask for what he wants. Dean moans in response, his voice an octave lower and huskier than Cas has ever heard. He gets up quickly to retrieve the lubricant from their bedroom, returning in under a minute. Cas manages to tug Dean’s shirt off before he crouches down, kneeling by the couch that Castiel is still laying across. He allows his boxers to be tugged all of the way off, then watches nervously as Dean opens the cap on the lube.
“It was born out of necessity, but I’ve learned to enjoy it. This place is great, I could do so much more with a place like this.” He gestures around. “Definitely more than a motel room and boxed Mac and cheese. Although you’d be surprised, some of my recipes were a hit and have stuck around.”
“You doing okay?” Dean asks him, glancing in the rearview mirror. Castiel already knows what he is referring to.
Dean knows that this is going to be one gooey, special Christmas- the first they’ve all spent together in four years. He’s so grateful to be here to watch the snow fall with his mom, and take Sam sledding. To be able to sit around the fire while they watch old movies, and throw popcorn at one another. The thought that Cas is spending it with them as well is just as exciting.
Dean is antsy already from the day of Christmas Eve. He’s worried now that his present is lame, and that Cas will laugh at him. He gets more anxious about it as time goes on, and by the time that Cas arrives the next day, he’s a wreck, sweaty and visibly nervous.
Cas looks around the table, at Missouri, Ellen, Bobby, Jo, and all the other dear friends, and he knows that with this support system, Dean can get through anything. They’re an odd, slightly raggedy bunch, but none of them would have it any other way.
“Yes we are.” Dean kisses him gently. “I just want you to know that I couldn’t have done any of this without you, so…thank you. I can’t really thank you enough. I’m kind of forever in your debt.” Dean grins softly.
Three hours and half a pack later, Dean is turning onto Castiel’s street. He’s becoming increasingly nervous- what if Cas doesn’t want to see him again ? Or what if he already has company, or he lives with his family and he hasn’t even mentioned Dean to them ? The only thing that gets him to the door is the thought that not seeing him again is much worse than his fears of what Cas will think.
The Angel is alone with his thoughts for a little over two hours until he hears the now familiar rumble of the Impala. He also hears Dean’s voice- he seems to be speaking with someone. There are soft shushing noises and laughter as two- yes, Castiel can definitely tell Dean is not alone now- pairs of footsteps make their way up the porch and through the front door.
“Uh..hi?” It doesn’t register with Dean at first, his mind is too cluttered. Sam looks between both of them, as if waiting for them to clue him in. Dean stands up suddenly.
Castiel has been working on his vows for days now. They are planning on doing simple, regulation vows at the courthouse, but the dark-haired man wants to say something really special on the day of their actual celebratory wedding. A knock at the door jars him out of his thoughts. "Coming!"
Castiel bolts, running back toward the bar. He bursts through the door “Help! I need help.” He sounds hysterical. “My boyfriend is being attacked!” A bunch of men jump out of their seats, and the bartender calls the police. Cas runs back outside, almost tripping over his own feet. The trio of men see the mob coming toward them and drop Dean, all three of them bolting in different directions. Cas is the first one to reach Dean, and although he knows this is his boyfriend, his brain almost doesn’t comprehend it.
They walk to get ice cream, catching their breath from all of their laughter. Dean finally works up the courage to slip his hand into Castiel’s, and it makes both of their eyes shine with excitement. They hold hands even whilst eating their ice cream cones, even if it is a little messy to eat with one hand. Cas feels like he can’t get enough of the feeling of Dean’s calloused hand in his own, and he keeps checking to make sure this is real. He is staring at their intertwined hands for a minute too long when Dean asks him if he is alright.
“It’s too hard,” is the only thing out of Dean’s mouth for a long time. He and Meg stare at each other, each waiting for the other to continue on. He finally looks away just to break the tension, and he jumps when she places a hand on his arm. “You need people to help you. You /have/ people to help you. Don’t throw it away, Dean. You’re better than this. I know you don’t necessarily believe that, but it’s the truth. I’m unbiased.” She smiles softly. “Trust me, I don’t usually make house calls.” She adds. Dean can’t fathom why she would come all this way just to seek him out. His brain has long since stopped making himself believe that people can care about him just because they do. She gives him a list of suggestions and phone numbers, but when she leaves he still isn’t quite convinced of anything. At the very least, she’s promised not to tell his family or Cas on him as long as he starts to make an effort again.
Dean stays another week before he drives home. He talks to Cas on the phone every night, but it’s not the same. But the fact is, he needs to pay the bills. So Dean gets a steady job like a responsible guy, and he misses Cas like a lonely guy, and he cries sometimes like a heartbroken guy.
Unfortunately, Dean has a busy week at work so the only time he has to get himself together for the date is Friday a few hours beforehand. He is at Sam’s house trying things on for him and Jess. He and Castiel have decided on something simple- mini golf and then ice cream afterward. Dean is struggling to find something that says “I care, but not too much.” Jess is very good at things like this, despite her tomboy-ish nature. “You want your outfit to show that you tried, but not too over the top. And this is perfect.” She assures him for the umpteenth time. Dean is dressed in a black t-shirt with a red button down over top, unbuttoned to look casual. The sleeves are rolled up to add to the vibe. His jeans are fitted and light-wash (no holes, per Jess’ insistence) paired with brown lace-up boots. Cas’ /does/ usually only see him in worn and grease-stained clothes, so he guesses anything is really a step up.
“Come in.” he says out loud. He figures that he already started yelling and screaming earlier, why not just cross the bridge and start speaking again ? Everything is already out the window anyway.
The place is called “Benny’s Brews” and Dean apparently knows the owner quite well. He too, is a handsome man, tall with ice-blue eyes and a rugged appearance but a soft accent. Cas pretends not to notice the glances that Benny throws at Dean. Finally, on Benny’s third (or is it fourth now?) glance their way, Cas blurts out “Old flame?” Dean looks up sharply from where he had been stirring his coffee. “What was that?” He seems a little surprised.
These are the kinds of things Dean thinks about late at night, when the whole Winchester family apart from himself is asleep. He’ll look out the window, into the cold, eerie winter night, and think about everything that is wrong with himself. He thinks all of it through, about the stuff he can fix, and then he gets to his appearance- it will always be this way now, there’s no changing it. Twenty-one years old with more scars than a veteran. His mind always feels so cluttered, so clogged with memories and emotions, that he often feels trapped within himself. That’s where the anxiety stems from- the feeling of being trapped, the thought of ‘get out, get out, get out’. This is one of those nights, when looking outside, he just feels so achingly lonely, so messed up beyond repair, that it seems impossible to feel this low. He gets up from his perch by the window, and throws on a coat and boots. He sneaks down the stairs and out the front door, shutting it quietly behind him. Its pitch dark outside, and cold like the night he was found. The world is so silent, and so still, Dean feels as though he’s the only one awake. He walks down the road a ways, before turning around and walking into the forest behind his house. The snow lights up the ground, while the sky remains onyx- the effect just adds to Dean’s feelings of ‘something’s not right’. Yet he keeps going, the wind chilling him even beneath all of his layers. Dean has been walking for almost half an hour, mindlessly following his old trail. He walks past the clearing, toward an old brook instead. It should be frozen over by now, and he can follow it down to wherever it leads.
And she seemed to reach her boiling point over dinner, when Claire spent the entire meal slumped in her chair, her arms crossed tightly over her chest. She didn’t even touch her food, which was ridiculous because Castiel had made a point to make her favorite meal, mac and cheese and hot dogs, for dinner. When he gently tried to tell her that, she only pouted and said, “It
Castiel wasn’t certain whether or not he should be laughing. His gaze flickered to the digital clock above the stove. He still had five or so more minutes to entertain this delusion. Or maybe it was going somewhere—somewhere sane.
Dean was still looking at him. Castiel could feel it. Slowly, he brought his eyes up to meet Dean’s.
Sam paused for a long time, opened his mouth to say something and then closed it again.  He made a soft noise from deep within his throat, halfway to a thoughtful grunt.  When he swept his gaze back up, Castiel knew that, whatever he was about to say, he hadn't planned on divulging it.
He sighed, knowing he’d ruined everything.  Dean would call all this off. He’d tell Castiel that he and Sam no longer needed his help.  They would continue on their own, and Castiel wouldn’t be welcome back in their lives—in whatever capacity.
Castiel chanced a glance to the corner, where Zachariah was hovering. Zachariah’s gaze was hawk-like, hardly blinking. Castiel didn’t look at him directly. He sighed, his shoulders sagging. Marv quickly put a hand on his back and pushed gently to correct his posture. Castiel grunted at the intrusion and tried not to glare.
Despite himself, a tiny twang of sadness went through Castiel. He cast his eyes around the foyer, taking it all in—the decrepit world he’d been a fixture in for so long. Despite all the resentment he’d held for the house, he couldn’t help but to remember the bright, glorious hall it used to be, where he and Anna would chase each other as children, where music would play, where friends would call around. And he recalled watching the slow malice of time driving it to ruin.
Dean gingerly set the marriage license down on the counter, making sure there wasn’t anything there to stain or crinkle it. He felt Sam’s eyes on him, and glanced up to the humored, incredulous look on Sam’s face. “What?”
It seemed silly now, in the daylight hours, thinking the girl was a ghost.  He would have known right away if she had been. He would have been able to take one look at her lost soul, and he would have known.
For a long time, Cas just stared at him.  Dean thought he'd gotten pretty good at determining what Cas was thinking and feeling.  He'd learned how to pick out the micro-expressions, the slight facial tics, the way he carried himself.  But now he was totally unreadable, and Dean had no idea whether he was thinking it over or if he was burying it under an avalanche of denial.
Dean’s heart sank.  God, he really hoped they weren’t swapping war stories.  Cas didn’t need that tonight.
She sucked on her teeth and spit off to the side of her chair.  “So?  That the plan?” she asked with mild interest.
He, Mary, and Bobby made for the exit, and Sam hung back in the doorway to make sure everyone got out. Castiel went to Jack, who was still a little dazed as he wobbled to his feet. He flung Jack’s arm around his shoulder and rushed through the quickly closing passage in the fire.
?” He didn’t have time for this. He had work. Placing both hands on the table, he stood up. “You want the truth, Dean? There are no witches. You weren’t part of any magical society. I would know. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to get to my job—in the real world.”
“Damn,” he gritted out. “I drank…” He couldn’t find the words. They slipped like sand in an hourglass. “Too strong.”
Cas nodded, and swallowed. Dean lifted Cas’ arm away by the wrist and worked on unbuttoning his shirt.
“Okay,” Mary said, giving him a sweet smile that didn’t reach her eyes. By the time he slipped into his coat, she was gone. Castiel followed her out, pausing in the door to look over his shoulder at the vacant room.
As he spoke, the MC was welcoming the spectators and announcing the fighters for the first round.  The crowd around them erupted with cheers.  Sam ignored them and paid attention to what Dean was saying.
Something hit up against the glass, making the same sound and before. Castiel’s heart leapt, and he jumped back before realizing it’d been a pebble.
“Yes,” he sighed.  “I’m looking for passage south along the Chisholm.  Do you know of any wagon trains leaving town in the next day or so?”
“Dean,” he heard Cas whisper, and it gave him just enough comfort to wink one eye open.  Cas was looking at him, brow crumpled in confusion and concern, and the world was getting smaller and smaller at a rapid speed outside the window behind him.  Dean should have never opened his eye.
He made himself.  He searched every face, losing count of how many were there.  And—thank God, he thought for the first time in a long time, thank God—he did not find the one he dreaded seeing.
“I just want out. I’ve been rescued, but I’m still there. I’ll always be there.” Dean says brokenly.
“No, you worked hard to get where you are now.” Benny pipes in. “We’re proud of you, Dean.” He claps Dean on the shoulder and gives him a reassuring smile.
“Twenty!” Castiel shouts triumphantly. Dean laughs but shrugs. “You won, fair and square.” They sit down on the edge of a concrete fountain to catch a breath. The sun is significantly lower in the sky than it was when they began their walk, and they use their moment to admire the view. Cas digs two coins out of his pocket and hands one to Dean. “Make a wish!” the pennies drop into the fountain with a soft sound.
They start spending the weekends together, alternating who drives. Cas will go to work early on Fridays and work until the afternoon, then drive to Kansas as fast as he can. Dean will work until his shift is over and then start driving straight from work, no matter how tired he is.
He sees Dean looking at something behind him and he stills. He knows immediately what he must have seen- in the corner of his under sink cabinet is a stack of magazines that he keeps hidden.
“What you said, about...about me liking guys.” He swallows. “God, he doesn’t...that’s not an issue? It’s not frowned upon, or whatever?”
Dean is terrified when he gets the call that Cas has been in an accident. John has to drive him to the hospital because he’s shaking so bad. He runs and slips and falls on the way into the hospital, but he doesn’t care; he must look wild to the woman behind the desk. “
It's been a while since I've posted a Destiel story... leave a comment or a kudos to let me know if you are enjoying it!
Dean arches his neck to give Cas more access, gripping his biceps tightly. It feels so good to have Cas’ mouth on him, like he’s burning up from the inside and Cas is his only remedy. Dean has forgotten what this feels like, how good it feels to be intimate with another person. To have someone make him feel so wanted….
Dean gets out of bed and showers, eats a big meal, then goes to the bank. He uses some of his savings to pay off the bills. He calls Sam to tell him that he’s going to visit an old friend, and then he packs up his car. It takes a few days to make the drive to South Carolina, but he doesn’t mind. It’s almost like the Dean before the war, without a care in the world, chain smoking his cigarettes and singing along to the radio. When he passes the state line, he parks in a coffee shop and looks up Cas’ address online. It’ll take another three hours to get there, but Dean would drive much farther than that to see him again.
Cas drives them out to Bobby’s old cabin in the woods, almost three hours from where they live. It’s Dean’s favorite place in the world and he knows this. He knows it isn’t a cure-all, but just the look on his face as they pull into the familiar, crumbling driveway makes the whole trip worth it. They get together their fishing gear and spend some time on the lake. They talk, really talk for the first time in weeks, as they lazily cast their lines out. Cas reassures Dean just how far he’s come since they first met, and that he doesn’t want to see him give up. Dean does his best to find the words to explain that what he’s feeling has nothing to do with the other man and everything to do with himself. It is in no way Castiel’s fault- he’s been doing everything he can for Dean and he should not feel guilty. Cas reminds him that he shouldn’t feel guilty either. He has been through what only few people in the world go through and survive.
“ You’re welcome. I’ll give you two some privacy.” Cas says politely, striding toward the door. Sam stops him “Could you…maybe stay ?”
Before he leaves, Castiel pulls John and Mary aside. “I think it might be best to start thinking about the idea of therapy for Dean. It has proven to be very beneficial in cases like this.”
Sam sips his drink. “Yep, usually five days a week. When he’s not gone on a hunt, ya know.” He shrugs.
Dean knows that if he were seventeen again, and Cas was a kid in his high school, they would be dating by now. He thinks that Castiel is so beautiful, and kind, and smart…He wishes that they could date, but he knows that is crossing boundaries, even for them. Dean wouldn’t be much of a catch now anyway- an anxiety ridden, nightmare plagued, traumatized freak who can’t stand to let anyone see him without layers of clothing. Just thinking about Cas seeing any more of his scars makes him sick. The worst of them are on his back, which Cas has already seen, but there are some pretty nasty ones riddling his abdomen as well. He’s simply not good looking anymore, and his new personality doesn’t exactly scream ‘boyfriend material’ either.
"The nightmares, the flashbacks....all of it. I can't take it anymore. Nothing is getting any better, and it's been months. It's almost the new year, but nothing's changing...."
Cas listens for a long time without interrupting Dean, and when he finally seems to have said all he needs to, Cas pauses, choosing his words carefully. “Maybe…you should see someone in a more permanent setting.” His tone is his comforting medical professional voice. He doesn’t look Dean in the eye as he says this. “Like, a mental hospital? You’re sending me away?” Dean sounds horrified. He stands up quickly, breaking his boyfriend’s hold on him.
That doesn’t matter to either of them, because for them, it’s a big step. It’s another thing they can do together now, it’s something else that Dean isn’t afraid or ashamed to do. It’s another step toward full on sex, when they’re ready.
“I want to take you out tonight babe. Do dinner at a fancy restaurant and a movie, fireworks show afterward…the whole thing.” He wraps his arms around Cas’ waist and kisses the back of his neck.
Dean cooks up pasta with vegetables in it, his go-to recipe when he has his brother Sam over. Sam will gripe if Dean doesn’t feed him something semi-healthy, so this is his compromise meal. He ponders why it feels nice instead of weird that he’s cooking dinner for a near complete stranger. Castiel is easy to get along with- thoughtful, funny, though at times awkward….and nice. The guy is just so damn nice it’s hard not to like him.
Sam Winchester has noticed a change in his brother lately. Besides the obvious mention of a new name- ‘Cas’, Dean calls his new friend- his brother seems lighter somehow. Sam and their mother converse quietly that they think it is good for Dean to have a new companion. Sam secretly believes it’s more than just a friendship, but he keeps it to himself. The past few Sunday dinners have consisted of Dean telling them almost exclusively about Cas, instead of his usual griping about work.
Across town, Cas is doing the same thing unbeknownst to either of them. He is being twirled around by Gabriel, his barely-older-but-it-still-counts brother. While they are close in age, only two years apart, they are total opposites by both looks and personality. “Dean-o will love you no matter what.” Gabriel tells him. “And if he doesn’t I’ll kick his ass.” He ignores Cas’ answering glare and straightens out his white button down. “Go get ‘em Tiger.” His brother’s grin does nothing to calm his nerves. He almost runs out the back door when he hears the now-familiar rumble of Dean’s beautiful car pull up right on time. Gabe shoves him toward the front door and reassures him once again.
Benny is the first to reach Cas and Dean. He scoops Dean up and rushes him back to his room, and Cas can’t help but watch him carry Dean and wish that he was a big strong guy who could do that too. Cas follows after him, as does Missouri. “What the hell ?!” Benny says, looking over Dean’s chart. “Look at how low his blood pressure was ! No wonder he passed out !” He points out the low number scribbled under ‘BP’. Cas clenches his fists “Pam had his chart, she’s the one who did his vitals. She told me that Dr. Milton cleared Dean, when clearly he never would have let this go.” Missouri is fixing up Dean’s arm, and Benny kindly asks Cas to step out and take a moment.
“His appendix would have burst with half an hour if he hadn’t gotten to the hospital.” The doctor continues. “He’ll make a full recovery.” Dean and Gabriel sigh in relief.
His voice was low, rumbling, even and toneless. Dean thought he was probably in shock. But what did Dean know? He was in shock, too.
“He doesn’t even know anything about any of this. Or about who I really am!” Dean had never told him. He’d always put it off, always thought there’d be more time. Was always just too damn scared that Cas would send him away if he knew the truth. Well, now he was gone, and Dean had run out of time.
It couldn’t be him.  Cas was alive.  He’d escaped.  They were going to meet in Virginia.  They were going to sail to Europe and be together.
They started walking again, Cas setting a pace much slower than usual so Jack’s little legs could keep up. Dean was happy about that because one of his boots had become untied thanks to his sloppy, rushed attempt to lace them and it was dangerously close to slipping clean off his foot.
It was mostly junk mail from catering companies that had no business asking him if Roman needed a new vendor with
Dean rolled his eyes as he read it over.  Crowley had even put the accents over the letters.  In a text message. Christ.
The men and women walked around each other, picking new partners in the line seemingly at random, but Dean knew there must have been some kind of rule he wasn’t aware of. Cas ended up two down from him, and the dance repeated.
Castiel snorted out a laugh as he settled in against Dean’s shoulder.  “I’m not sure if reading obituaries and newspaper articles qualifies as a big day,” he joked.
He couldn’t look at it for too long. His eyes dropped to the ground beneath the tombstone, finding nothing but insignificant dirt. No grass. No flowers. Not even fallen leaves.
With that thought, the rest of reality clicked into place around Castiel. He sat up and steeled himself against the surge of anxiety, of panic, of
“I did warn you,” Cas said without an ounce of pity.  Dean pulled a face at him, because he hated when Cas was right.  But maybe he
When the message was over, there was a beeping sound signaling that it was Castiel’s turn to speak.  The fact of that didn’t process for several long seconds, but when it did, he realized he didn’t have anything to say.  He thought it would be silly to go on about his woes to a machine, and there was no guarantee Dean would even listen to it.
That didn’t mean Dean didn’t hate leaving him so vulnerable. Not for the first time, Dean wished he’d told Cas the truth. At least then, he could have taught Cas ways to protect himself when Dean wasn’t around.
, maybe it’s better if I stayed in Amherst.” He could have had Thanksgiving with Kelly and Jack. Kelly had already invited him—and the Winchesters—before he informed her they were headed to Kansas for the long weekend.
“They feel fine,” he said, because he didn’t need to be babied.  He probably hadn’t even needed the stitches.  He only relented to make Cas shut up.
Dean’s brows perked up.  He hoped that something was gossip, and not the Becky kind.  He was really running low on anything that didn’t consist of, “you’ll never guess who Novak’s sleeping with,” and he thought the other assistants around the office were starting to notice his lack of contributions.
Every time, Crowley asked Dean if he’d considered his offer for riskier jobs, and every time Dean became more and more tempted, even if he didn’t know the details and he still hadn’t met Crowley’s new partner.  He was almost looking for a reason to say yes.
“What about Meg and me?”  He didn’t find her desirable, if that’s what Dean was asking.  He had once, but not anymore. She was just a friend. More than that, she was a way to keep an eye on Azazel.  If Castiel could just get him alone, find a way to get answers out of him without him getting suspicious . . .
The last thing he remembered before nodding off himself was the light of the fire reflecting in the silver of his new watch.
But then he saw the way Zachariah’s eyes widened with shock. It was only for a brief second before he schooled his expression. His gaze was fixed over Castiel’s shoulder.
Well, maybe she was having a little bit of fun.  After all, she’d had to cozy up to men far uglier than Sam Winchester.  She wasn’t exactly complaining.
much.”  He held one finger up like he was about to lecture Cas, but whatever rage spurring him on fizzled out, and he dropped his arm back to his side.  “If you’re telling me you don’t love me back—then walk out the door, Cas. I won’t stop ya. But if you want—.”
Dean turned into him, fit his hand under Cas’ jaw, and kissed him.  He’d never been very good with words. He hoped maybe this would get Cas to understand just how much he loved him.
On the table, Kelly’s grip around the baby was slipping.  Her chin was dipping, and she would quickly raise it again in small bursts as if she were struggling not to fall asleep.
He bent back down to get inside the printer, and made Becky hold her phone flashlight inside so he had something to work with.  Bracing himself, he decided,
Dean ducked his head bashfully. “Well, it… it, uh,” he stuttered, then cleared his throat. “It’s really nice.”
Keeping his other hand firm on Cas’ thigh, he used his other to thumb at Cas’ balls, to circle and press and kneed.  Cas leaned back slightly to give him more access. All the while, he was whispering encouragements down at him. Things like,
Dean steered him toward the men’s section, Sam in tow because, “Are you nuts? No way I’m leaving you alone with him, Dean.” He tried to gauge what size Cas might be by holding up a few shirts to his chest and judging what would fit him. He then flicked through the racks, piling flannels, t-shirts, button-ups, and jeans into Cas’ arms until his face was practically buried in used clothing. The whole time, Cas followed him, wide, overwhelmed eyes skirting around the store.
Cas gave a low scoff under the weight of everything.  He was scared.  Dean saw it, even if Cas tried to hide it.  It didn’t make Dean think any less of him.  He still thought Cas was the bravest idiot he’d ever known.  “Where will I even go?”
Afterward, they all went to the Dean Cave to watch some scary movies and carve a pumpkin. Candy wrappers littered the floor, and Jack was still smiling as he bit into his fifth Milky Way.
Before Castiel knew it, it was Saturday night and, to his knowledge, Dean still hadn’t spoken to his mother. Mary was currently curled up on the living room couch, Sam sitting on the cushion next to her. Castiel was slumped in the armchair, barely paying attention to the black and white film on the television about a man who wished he’d never been born and his guardian angel. The flickering light from the flatscreen was the only thing illuminating the darkness.
Castiel laughed.  Maybe it wasn’t as bad as he thought, if Dean was joking.  He was probably overreacting.  But it was a nice reminder—that Dean loved him.  He never thought he’d hear those words.  He’s been prepared to go his whole life having never heard them, and now he wondered how he ever went without them.
Briefly, Dean wondered if he should tell her about the curse on Cas, about Abaddon. That he’d known, deep down, that Cas would never fall in love with Daphne. That he’d die no matter what. And, even if he didn’t, he’d be trapped in that manor, in the life his father had wanted for him, in the life Cas hated, after Dean promised him freedom. And Dean had left him, anyway.
Castiel felt a vein in his forehead pulse, but he attempted to keep the contempt out of his eyes.  Again, he thought of the plan—but it was taking more willpower than he’d imagined to not go for the knife and stab Lucifer in the heart.  He supposed that wouldn’t end well for him, but he was inclined not to care.
That’d been the first time he ever saw Cas as something other than some all-powerful electric storm of heavenly wrath. Something other than a supernatural creature that couldn’t be trusted. Something human.
Castiel jutted out his jaw, nodding. “But that isn’t the only reason I left,” he said, regaining Dean’s interest. Flatly, he added, “I don’t believe in séances.”
“Meg, I—,” he started. He was running out of excuses and pretty soon he would just have to tell her the truth:
Cas licked the salt off his body, down the tendons of his neck and the lines of his collarbone. With his other hand, he dragged his blunt nails down Dean’s ribcage. Dean’s breath picked up, sharp and staggered, filling up the space. He arched his back into Cas’ touch as his dick twitched. He palmed up beneath the back of Cas’ t-shirt, along the knobs of his spine. Cas felt cold. Dean felt too hot. The hands on him made his body rock and shiver and nearly steam up in the contrast of temperature.
“Mr. Winchester, you’ve disturbed my private event long enough,” Michael said, seething under his cool demeanor.  “I suggest you leave now before I call the—.”
There was a pause, and Castiel assumed Dean had reached the end of the hallway. He was likely headed back down the stairs, on his way outside to tend to his duties. Castiel knew he should dress in new clothes and drink his weight in coffee. He couldn’t bring himself to do anything apart from stand there, a fixed point in time, looking at the door, foolishly waiting for Dean to return.
,” a deep, dulcet voice came from the doorway.  Castiel jumped, eyes going wide as his head snapped up towards the sound.  Raphael was leaning against the frame, still in his suit, as if he’d been there for a long time.  “Hello, Castiel.”
Up ahead, a maid was dusting a framed portrait on the wall. She had long blonde hair pulled back, but a few wayward curls hung around her face. Zachariah picked up his pace a little to reach her and held up one finger to gain her attention. “Ah, Miss Harvelle. Allow me to introduce our newest addition.”
Deciding not to disturb the three of them, he quietly walked out of the house.  The prairie cast a blinding glare in the heat of the sun, and for miles, all Sam could see was green grass and a cloudless blue sky.  Some horses were cantering inside the fence, their foals trotting in an attempt to keep up.
“Can you just commiserate with me for like two seconds?” Dean snipped.  Cas’ eyes slid towards him, completely expressionless, but it wasn’t his usual
And then Dean’s hand lifted off his hip. He brought it up to Castiel’s face, and rubbed his thumb between Castiel’s eyes, down the bridge of his nose, to smooth out the lines there. A knot tangled in Castiel’s chest and wove itself together so tight he thought he’d need to pick it undone with a needle.
If Sam had noticed, he didn’t comment on it.  He said, “We were really worried for a second there, Dean.”
"Which one's Gabriel?" Dean asked, his voice equally quiet.  Castiel pointed.  "Which makes that one Bernie Madoff."
When he did, he used it to ask, confused, “Dean?” He squinted back to the other two, both seeming poised to begin playing at any moment.
Dean had just the thing.  “I downloaded a movie a few nights ago and haven’t gotten around to watching it yet. Figured you might like it.  It’s based on
“Because.” Missouri pressed her lips together, thinking. “The energy I felt coming off of her – it was the same reading I felt radiating off the portal.”
Cas didn’t know how long he’d been standing in the doorway, subconsciously going over everything he’d tried so hard not to think about, when Dean joined him. He felt Dean’s presence before he heard the soft clunk of boots approaching. He was attuned to the way the air shifted into something that could only be described as home.
As he flipped through the pages, his own name caught his eye. He found a whole entry dedicated to himself, written more carefully than the others somehow. The grooves from the pen markings were deeper than the rest of the pages. It was dated to only a year ago, and was one of the last entries in the journal. He read it through, and then over again. He ran the tips of his fingers over the words, as if he could feel Dean writing them. It worked a little: he could feel Dean’s presence, the memory of him hovering just over his shoulder, so great that it made Castiel look around.
Cas picks up a brand new record player over the weekend. It’s beautiful, dark wood and chrome. Now he’ll just have to hunt for the vinyls he needs.
“Don’t tell anyone. I’m going to go back to non-speaking, I just…needed to break out of my shell before I shattered completely.” Dean’s reply is muffled by the way his face is hidden.
"Honey, are you sure ?" Mary asks in a worried voice. "It might bring back some bad memories for you.."
“Hi.” He says again, finally shaking his hand. This is Castiel’s brother that he’s heard so much about. It threw Dean off seeing him here- first of all, Cas had told him he didn’t live around here, and second, he looks /nothing/ like his boyfriend. Gabriel has honey eyes and light hair, his skin tone more akin to Dean’s own than to Cas’.
“Do you do a lot of cooking?” Cas watches the deft way Dean moves around the kitchen, completely sure of himself.
“Don’t say that.” The green-eyed man snaps. “It was their fault, not ours. I’m glad I was able to protect you. That’s all I care about. This is nothing.” He gestures at himself, half covered in bubbles. He sighs after a moment. “I’m all done.” Castiel curses himself, he can tell Dean is shutting down and pushing his emotions away. He holds the towel up and wraps it around the other man’s battered torso.
Dean drifts in and out, but his eyelids feel so heavy that he can’t find the strength to open them. He feels a cool touch on his hand, anchoring him to reality when he feels lost inside his own body. He dreams, but each one is distorted and he forgets it almost as soon as he stirs. He thinks it must be from all the pain medication swimming through his veins, but he can’t be sure. He isn’t positive on how much time as passed, but he wants to wake up now. Dean attempts to speak. His lips feel like jell-o, but he thinks he manages to make a sound.
“When’s the last time you had a tune-up on this thing?” Dean slides out from underneath the vehicle to meet Cas’ eyes.
“I apologize. I wouldn’t be doing it if it wasn’t to help you.” Cas tries to be as gentle but as thorough as possible. He finishes up and replaces Dean’s gown. “Would you like some company ? Or are you tired ?” Cas asks.
Dean’s platoon goes far south, and he doesn’t see Cas again for two months. He’s beginning to think he imagined him, hallucinated a friend other than the men he fights beside. He spends his days having the same old conversations with Lafitte or Milligan, wishing that he had Cas’ witty perspective to entertain himself.
On a lonely day in November, he’s sitting in his living room re-reading his favorite book when someone knocks on his front door. He assumes it’s his older brother, Gabriel, but when he opens the door, he finds Dean.
“You sure about this?” Dean double-checks. When Castiel affirms, he lays soft kisses up the inside of his lover’s thighs as his fingers drift toward their target. He circles his boyfriend’s hole, going slowly not for teasing purposes, but to be sure he is as gentle as possible. After about ten minutes of using one finger, he slips in another, wringing a desperate moan from Cas that makes him grin. “You like that, huh? You ain’t felt nothing yet.” The dark-haired man tugs at his hair, knowing by now that Dean /loves/ it.
“Pain ?” Dean shakes his head again. “Just want some company, then ? I can stay for a few minutes.” Cas chatters mindlessly, trying to distract Dean from his obvious discomfort. Dean falls asleep while he’s talking, the tail of his lab coat underneath Dean’s arm. He lifts it gently and puts it back on the bed, but not before giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. “Goodnight, Dean.”
They talk quietly over their books, and Castiel has a weird feeling in his stomach. This is the first time he’s felt a part of something in
“Yeah, our dad’s not around a ton either. We have our Uncle Bobby now though, he’s not even really our uncle, but- you know what, that’s not really relevant. You could come to The Roadhouse after school with me, I go there a lot to study while Dean is working.” Sam looks hopeful to have a study buddy.
Dean can barely sleep all night, the day’s events playing over in his mind. He feels guilty for not knowing Cas was sick, even if he hadn’t seen him all day. He shudders to think what might have happened if his appendix had burst. Cas has become such a light in Dean’s life, he can’t imagine what his days would be like without his dry humor, his wide smile, or his gentle, hesitant touch. He thinks of the word love, and it doesn’t even startle him- it doesn’t feel like a realization, it feels so natural that he doesn’t even notice that he’s just associated the word with Castiel.
Sam speaks “Virginia. Thomas is waiting for you, on the other side. You can stop all this, and go to him.” His voice doesn’t even waver, and Castiel is impressed.
“Listen, don’t feel any pressure if I crossed a line.” Dean tells him, all of his earlier confidence long gone. He hears the unsteadiness in his own tone and hopes it doesn’t come across on the line.
Back at their place, Cas is struggling every bit as much as Dean. He has a hard time getting out of bed most days. Now that he’s experienced everything with Dean, nothing seems quite right without him. Dean gave him a taste and now Cas is craving him, but he can’t have him for so long. And he worries, so much it makes him physically ill sometimes. He’s practically waiting for a phone call that says Dean’s coming home in a body bag. He thinks about these things late at night, until he’s crying and clutching Dean’s pillow. He stays on his own side of the bed, as if Dean is still occupying his. Cas runs out to get the mail every day, and whenever he sees a letter addressed to him in Dean’s handwriting, it’s like a miracle. Dean’s letters have been changing lately, in a way that Cas can’t explain. They’ve been shorter, but that’s because Dean is busy. Mostly, he thinks that Dean speaks more about how the war
Cas hates that he’s pathetic enough to lay in bed at night replaying a completely platonic encounter cooking dinner with a friend, but that’s exactly what he’s doing. The way Dean’s biceps bunched as he worked the patties, his side profile, his long lashes as they brush his cheeks when he looks down...Castiel has known that he’s gay his entire life. He’s never had an official boyfriend, and only kissed one person, a boy named Samandriel, and that was years ago.
A chill overcame Cas’s skin. He couldn’t picture it – Dean, so full of life and emotion, suddenly as empty-eyed as Lucifer’s puppets. But Lucifer hadn’t rendered him that way. Castiel had.
“Okay, tiny.  Fun time’s over,” he said weakly, raising his hands again to guard his face.  The crowd was delighted.
For the second time in five minutes, Dean was mortified about his own admission.  Because it was actually true. And because you don’t just
Dean wanted to laugh. He wanted to say no. He wanted to say nothing was how it was supposed to be, and he didn’t know what was up or down anymore. He just rubbed at his eyes instead, and said, “I dunno. I think it’s just the weather making me tired.”
He told himself Cas was okay.  He was shouting for Dean, which meant he was alive, wandering through the woods.  Sam was calling for help.  Dean turned and ran in the direction of his brother’s voice.
Sam turned toward him, nodding.  “Yeah.  They’re just over the border.  Apparently at some farm.  I mean, hopefully Lucifer hasn’t gotten there yet but we’re running out of time.  We should leave soon.”
As far as reading spots went, it didn’t strike Dean as particularly safe. Actually, it was probably downright stupid—and weird. But Castiel looked comfortable, like he’d done it a hundred times. Dean watched him for a little while without meaning to, the way the sun touched his white skin, the way the slight breeze rustled through his hair and made the tails of his robe flutter. Castiel licked the pads of his fingers and turned the page, and Dean suddenly felt parched.
They switched places, Castiel in the lead. Dean was still holding his wrist. He took Dean up the stairs to the east wing, and they crept along the walls until they got to the hallway. Dean’s boot connected with a loose board, making it groan. Castiel hushed him, and Dean gave a quiet laugh that was infectious.
Sometimes it was fast, rough and desperate, the two of them grabbing fistfuls of each other’s skin, practically clinging to each other.
Castiel tensed his jaw.  He hadn’t meant to do it.  He didn’t know what had come over him.  He’d pretended that he didn’t long for Dean, but it was hard to think of anything else when they were pressed so close together.
"Great!  People usually come by around ten, but don't feel like you need to be on time. Food probably won’t be ready until around one, anyway."
Dean tried not to groan.  “Right.  More bread.  Great,” he intoned, but fished for their rations, anyway.  Hopefully he’d get that warm meal he’d been hoping for once they reached Salem.
Castiel blinked, taken aback. He hadn’t expected to hear that, especially said in such a flippant tone. Warmth bloomed in his chest, quite beyond the heat in his stomach from the whiskey. He felt his lips curve upward.
Dean let out a shaky breath.  It was kind of a weird feeling.  It had been a long time since he jerked himself off like that, and he’d sure as hell never had anyone else stick their finger up his ass.  Cas started to move, pulling back out before pushing in again, over and over. Dean got accustomed to it pretty quickly—either that, or it felt too good for him to care.
Cas knelt before him, blue eyes still darkened by shadow as they looked Dean up and down.  They sightless, intense.  “Hello, Dean,” he said, voice low.  There was something about it.  It no longer felt as if it were reverberating through the earth, but that it was coming from the darkness itself.  Like something else was using Cas’ tongue to speak.
hope you enjoyed the chapter! as always, comments are more than appreciated! (especially now, because i've had writers block for like 2 whole weeks and i NEED motivation ahhhhh)
Still, the day did have its upsides.  The food was one of them. Dean spent most of the day stuffing his face, which was probably really unattractive, but the craft services was a lot tastier than his dinner the night before.  They had these foot-long baguette sandwiches with brie and butter that he was ready to live on until he died of high cholesterol.
Dean stared ahead, his dry eyes stinging.  He couldn’t really recall the last time he’d blinked, but it felt like too much of an effort.
“Dean, look at me,” Castiel told him, recapturing his gaze.  “Keep looking at me. Don’t close your eyes.”
As though he sensed he was being watched, Dean paused. He looked over, a beautiful smile spreading on his face. And, just like that, Castiel was breathless again. He swallowed hard, tensing his fists on his lap to stop himself from bounding across the ground toward him. The other men around the table continued to drone on as if something vastly more important than their work hadn’t just arrived.
“Kelly,” he said.  He reached out again and took her hands.  “Whatever it is, I’d like to help.  You can trust me.”
Castiel’s eyes snapped up.  He wanted so badly to ask what meaning Dean found in their relationship, because for the life of him, Castiel had no idea.  But Dean’s eyes flashed like he’d just heard his own words.  He swallowed hard.
He hummed, trying to get a grip on himself as Cas worked him.  He realized his fingers were digging into the muscles of Cas’ shoulders.  And then Cas added a second finger, and Dean saw white for half a second before slamming his eyes closed and getting lost in the sensation.  It left a slow, dragging burn, but it wasn’t unpleasant.
He hadn’t expected his teeth to start grinding, for the phantom touch of blood on his pool on his skin, for the distant echo of screams to fill his ears. For the ghastly memory of a pale face and a bruised neck to flicker before his eyes.
The guy looked up again.  “What? Oh. No.” His distraction quickly turned into hyper-focus, those blue
The lines on Cas’ face evened out.  Dean didn’t know why he appeared remorseful.  “I apologize for what I said earlier,” Cas whispered, like all of this was his fault.  “I don’t think you’re going to Hell, Dean.”
For a second, Jack looked completely overwhelmed with the responsibility, but to his credit he stowed it away pretty quickly.  “Of course. I’d be happy to help—.”
And Dean missed her like hell.  They exchanged letters whenever they could, but it was a poor form of communication after a lifetime of friendship.  She was in a different town every time she wrote to him.  The last time Dean had heard from her a year ago, she was in San Francisco.
Dean shook his head, telling himself to shove whatever was going on down. He reminded himself that Castiel was a Novak. Besides, it didn’t matter, anyway. He’d probably never see Castiel again—for real this time.
Dean blinked at it, and it took all the strength he had to lift his eyes up, until he reached Dead Girl’s face. It wasn’t void and expressionless anymore. She was staring down at him with fury.
Whenever Sam did that, it annoyed him.  But Dean could only smirk as he shook his head fondly at Cas.  He twisted around to shake Cas’ shoulder. “Come on, dude. I’ll drive you home and you can go right back to bed.”
, as people politely clapped for her.  Dick said, “And the two art directors who brought this idea to life—,” he paused, like he was fishing for the names, “Ed and Harry!”
Yeah, Castiel. With his eyes so blue that Dean could make out their color even in the mood lighting of the bar. And the way they stared at Dean—through him, into him. It’d been pretty intense. Dean had felt almost paralyzed under them, unable to look away. Or maybe he didn’t want to. He’d say Castiel was almost challenging him to look away, like a game of chicken, but it hadn’t felt like that. He didn’t know what it’d felt like.
“Now, normally, I wouldn’t care, but what I’ve seen is beyond comprehension,” she continued in her warning. Scandalized and alarmed, he tried to pull out of her hold. Her fingers tightened on his sleeve. “It will throw off order—
There were only two people inside. One of them was Benny. He was behind the counter, leaning on his palms pressed into the surface, a rag slung over his shoulder. He was wearing a filthy apron. He glanced up, light eyes kind as they connected to Cas’s. He gave a halfhearted smile. Cas got the impression that he’d just walked in on two people talking about him.
“You got me,” Mary played along. Her eyes swept toward Castiel, and some fight or flight response jolted his insides despite the warmth of her gaze. “And you must be Castiel.”
And then, suddenly, breath forced its way back into his lungs. He sputtered and coughed, blinking the light slowly back into his senses. As he did, he thought he caught a glimpse of something over Rowena’s shoulder—a shadowy figure cloaked in darkness. It was gone before he fully processed it.
“Alright,” Sam said, seeming to have no issue looking directly at the man.  “We’re going to open the door and take you into the shed for the night.  Do you understand?”
“No!” Castiel called as the second man forced him back.  “Jack!”  His hands scrambled to get him back.
The truck’s door creaked and slammed when he got out, and he could see the bottom half of Dean’s face in the Impala’s side mirror.  Dean’s arm was hanging out of the open window. Castiel approached it and bent over so they could be face-to-face, placing his hand on the warm metal of the roof for balance.
“Of course!” She fully oriented herself toward him and reached down to grasp his hand, bringing their conjoined hands up. “You’d tell me if you were ill, wouldn’t you? Please, tell me you aren’t.”
“Be quiet,” Dean told him, jerking both Cas’ arms forward.  Cas resisted, and Dean had to grab his free wrist to put the shackle on.
Before Sam could answer, Cas shouldered between them and marched toward the entrance, his tan duster kicking up dirt in his wake.  Dean threw his arms up.  “Guess we’re finding out,” he muttered before starting after him.
Before either of them could answer, someone else walked up to Duke’s side. For a second, Dean thought he was completely outnumbered, until he registered who the newcomer was.
Dean swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing against Castiel’s nose.  His beard scratched Castiel’s forehead.  “If you think you can spare some of the jelly,” he answered, voice light.
Castiel laughed, sidling closer to Dean’s side. He tossed his arm over Dean under the blanket and rested his head on Dean’s chest, listening to his still slightly rapid heartbeat. “I’m not ashamed,” he said, letting his eyes fall heavily closed. Now that his body was settling, sleep was creeping in. The edges of his mind felt fuzzy. Dean dragged his knuckles up and down Castiel’s arm in a rhythmic, comforting motion.
“There are still chests in the attic. I’ve seen them,” Castiel answered, though he wasn’t certain what was in them. He knew some contained his belongings, but he wasn’t able to rifle through them. Now that he was corporal again, he hoped he was right about finding his photo albums.
Cas stayed inside of him, unmoving until they both got used to it.  He was shaking a little bit, letting out little noises like he was stopping himself from moving by sheer force of will.  Dean caught his breath, forcing his muscles to ease. He told himself he could do this. This was Cas. He wanted this. Mustering himself, he jerked his hips a little to tell Cas to get going, and then Cas started to move in small, circular motions, slipping halfway out before moving back in.
He didn’t really know how to answer that question.  He opened his mouth and then closed it again.  He decided to move on: “I’m here to speak with Lucifer.”
Castiel weighed the pros and cons of both a negative and positive answer.  He was certain Michael would turn his nose up at either one. He looked around for someone who could somehow save them from this discussion.
Castiel squared his jaw and showed Dean the side of his face. He squinted out the front window at a customer filling up their car’s tank.
But that was stupid, right?  Dean was just being paranoid.  Texts always read as cold and impersonal.  Cas might just want to watch a movie or something.  After all, it was
Severely, Cas nodded.  He swallowed hard, throat working.  He looked like he was about to start sweating.  Dean had to get him out of there.
?—wheel of their friend group.  For the first time, Dean realized that he’d just voluntarily put himself in the role of
However, Sam didn’t. He quickly said, “No – no, come on, man. He’s angrier at-at the situation than at you. At least, not anymore.”
Galloping hooves pounded to his left, the sound reverberating through the dirt beneath his boots.  Dean looked over to find Sam on horseback, riding toward him.  Chevy was following his lead.
Dean feigned ignorance by pulling a frown and shaking his head.  After a second, he made his eyes light up in fake recognition, snapped, and pointed at Duke.  "We didn't used to date, did we?" he laughed.
He stumbled to a stop again, grabbing onto a tree for purchase.  Everything inside of him told him not to take another step, to turn back and run in the opposite direction of the fire.  But there was something else, too—some urgent pull daring him to go on.  He had to grip the trunk to stop himself from moving forward.
Before the fist clenching in his stomach could protest too much, he got out of the truck and started for the front door.  Dangling at his side, he carried a bottle of red wine by the neck, and decided to hold it properly when he felt it start to slip from his grip.  His father and Michael had always told him that it was polite to bring something for the host, and Castiel couldn't think of anything the Masters might want other than a bottle that had been sitting in his cabinet for three months. In fact, he couldn’t imagine why they’d want even that.
Dean shrugged.  “That’s cool. Always wondered what it’d be like to join the mile high club.”  He spread his grin wider, showing his teeth.
The girls around Daphne shared excited looks, and Rowena kept talking, but Castiel didn’t listen. Now that everyone was occupied, he could take a break. With any luck, no one would come looking for him. He slipped his hands out of Gabriel’s and Elijah’s and pushed his chair back.
He called her name as he walked over, and her attention shifted to him slowly.  The second her eyes landed on him, he thought he'd made a mistake, but he tensed his fists and continued on anyway.
“So, how was the first day?” Dean asked, depositing Castiel near the breakfast table. He moved to the fridge, looking over his shoulder. “You hungry?”
I hope I made enough sense when describing things from both Dean and Cas' point of view. Also, to clarify, John will be portayed in the story as how I think he would have been as a father if he weren't a hunter. Think of "What is and What Never Should Be" vibes. Thank you for reading and let me know what you think so far!
Dean doesn’t know what comes over him, but seemingly without permission he hears his own voice saying “You know what? I can fix it for you. No problem at all.” “You’re a mechanic?” The man asks, head tilting slightly to the side. “Well….no.” Dean admits. “But I grew up around a few. Learned a lot over the years.” He is already assessing what tools he will need mentally, eyes raking over the Continental. “You would do that for me?” The man sounds hopeful, and it finalizes Dean’s decision.
I'm so sorry I haven't updated sooner ! I need to replace my laptop battery and my charger jack is messed up, so it was difficult to get it to work long enough for me to write.
Dean smiles at him. “I still think you’re wrong about blue eyes.” They sit in silence for a few minutes, each of them processing the new information. When the coffee and tea is drained from their cups, they decide to take an evening walk rather than go straight home. It’s beautiful outside, early September still clinging to summer’s warmth. Leaves litter the sidewalks and streets, and Cas steps on all the crunchy ones like he’s ten years old. It soon turns into a game of he and Dean counting the amount they each step on.
Dean stays in the hospital for four more days, making it a total of two weeks. He’s released on a Sunday, and his mom is planning a huge family dinner. She’s trying so hard to make things normal again for him, but he just needs time. He’s never going to be normal again, and he wishes everyone would understand that and stop waiting for the old Dean to come back.
“We kissed. Once.” Dean admits. “Never went anywhere after that. He was in the closet, I wasn’t.” Dean shrugs. He had liked Benny, once, but that was a long time ago and he had since come to terms with it that his friend simply wasn’t ready. By the time he was, Dean was long gone to college.
Dean loses consciousness about the time that the paramedics arrive. He heard the sirens, aware that he didn’t have to fight to stay awake anymore because he would be being treated by professionals who would take care of him. He vaguely knows that Cas is with him, and that he’s extremely worried, but the pain overwhelms him and he drifts off seamlessly.
The three men have a delicious meal together, and Dean is thrilled at how well Cas and Sam are hitting it off. He couldn’t be more proud to show off either one of them, and getting to show them off to each other had him practically splitting his face with his grin. Dean and his boyfriend lay together on the couch after Sam leaves.
“You’re doing the best you can. Dean couldn’t ask for a better family or support system.” He squeezes her hand lightly before returning upstairs.
Dean has a shy smile on his face. “So was your gift. I really love it too.” He gets up to put on the Metallica record, then lays back in the same position.
Cas didn’t see the other car coming up behind him when he switched lanes, and it barrels into him. The ice makes Cas’ car spin out into the road, where yet another vehicle collides with his own. He’s eventually shoved to the side of the road, disoriented but conscious. He leans back in his seat and groans, flashing back to med school videos about how to triage car accident victims. He’s pretty sure he’s fine for the most part, although his wrist aches in such a way that worries him a little. He can wait it out until the ambulance gets there.
“You need to tell me all about your intentions with my brother.” Gabriel rests a hand on Dean’s shoulder, even though he is the taller man. Sam looks at them with amusement. The two take a walk outside to have a more private conversation.
Cas looks into his sincere hazel eyes. “He hasn’t woken up yet, we haven’t been able to determine.” His own voice sounds foreign to him- it sounds calm and indifferent, when on the inside this is definitely affecting him. They teach you to detach yourself, in med school, but something like this…it hits home.
Dean kicks the dead animal aside, but it’s already too late- it has triggered him. And he just keeps screaming.
Dean walks to Cas’ good side and kisses him all over his face, pulling up a chair. “I was so worried….I’m still so worried.”
“Well…my boyfriend kind of forced me into this, so I don’t really know why I’m here.” Dean says tentatively.
Dean has been here about eight months now, not even halfway through his first deployment. He’ll be here until October of 2003, and it scares him to think that maybe he won’t make it that long. He voices all these fears to Cas, under the stars.
Cas stands up quickly, like he’s been caught doing something he shouldn’t be doing. “Yeah, I was just…..I didn’t want him to wake up and be alone.” He hurries to get the words out, so it doesn’t appear that he was sitting there and staring mindlessly.
It’s only a few months later when Dean starts remembering. And with the memories comes worse PTSD than before, coupled with depression and anxiety. It’s hard for Cas to watch him fall down the rabbit hole- and nothing he seems to do can stop him.
“Are you alright?” He crouches and surveys the damage, wincing at the gashes welling blood between the fabric of his shredded shirt. He places a gentle hand on his shoulder.
Cas ordered five records online, but it’s the day before Christmas Eve and only four have arrived. He works the night before Christmas, but has Christmas day itself off. He’ll be spending part of it with his own family, and then heading to the Winchester’s for dinner and present exchange. He’s nervous to give Dean and his family their gifts. He got Sam a signed copy of a book by one of his favorite authors, Carver Edlund. For Mary he bought a new cookware set, and for John, a brown leather jacket.
He doesn’t use them- they’re something that Gabriel got for him a few years back. His brother had disguised them as a gag gift but he has the sneaking suspicion that it was his brother’s way of giving him his approval, letting him know that he didn’t have a problem with his sexual orientation.
Castiel misses Dean every second that he is away from him. He knows that it’s the best possible thing for them both, but he can’t help the constant ache in his chest that never seems to dull. It’s hard not knowing what his boyfriend is doing, or how he is doing for that matter. He understands the reasons, but it doesn’t make it the least bit easier. Cas thinks he misses Dean’s voice the most, because it took him so long to earn getting to hear it. That was such a big milestone for him, and now he’s passing even larger ones every single day. He’s so incredibly proud, and he can’t wait to tell his lover this.
Cas begins to spend a lot more time with Sam Winchester in the coming weeks, despite their age difference- two outcast boys with no parents waiting for them after school. They often go to The Roadhouse, but sometimes they go to a park, or a nature trail, and on one memorable occasion, to the ice cream shoppe to split the biggest sundae on the menu. It’s an unspoken rule that they never go to Sam’s place nor Castiel’s.
“I should’ve given you a tour of the house.” He muses. Maybe that was rude of him not to, he thinks to himself.
“Hm?” Cas looks up from the floor. “My apologies, what did you say?” He flushes harder even though Dean is underneath the car and cannot see him.
Castiel had not been expecting his misfortune to end up fortunate, to some degree. The man he had met-Dean- seemed very friendly and willing to help, which warmed his heart. He had only been in town six months and had not made very many friends or gotten much sorted out. However, he would not let himself be discouraged and he found himself looking forward to meeting with Dean again. He told himself that this was for the sole purpose of his car.
“There’s nothing you can think of that would lead him to believe that therapy would be beneficial to you ?” Garth is choosing his words carefully. It can be easy to upset patients, especially if this is their first time here.
Hope this was alright for you guys. Also, I hope that I'm not portraying trauma or mental illness as "easy" or easy to get through. That wasn't my intention if it comes across that way.
"And are you two married?" The inevitable question comes up from the case worker, Ms. Pamela Barnes.
“Not at all, you can stay as long as you’d like. Sometimes I feel like you’re the only one getting through to him.” She says, almost wistfully.
“I’m so messed up. Everyone thinks I’m a freak now, too.” Dean says bitterly, looking out the car window. He had thought this kind of stuff was long over with.
Cas wanted to tell her that he thought her second closet full of only shoes and handbags was ‘impractical’, but of course he said nothing.
Dean sucks gently on the skin just behind Cas’ ear, sending a shiver down his spine. “Dean…” He moans. Just the sound of his name from Cas’ lips is driving Dean crazy. “Don’t stop.” Cas demands.
Dean is allowed to see Cas for a few minutes before they kick him out due to the end of visiting hours. He can tell Cas is groggy, and he wants him to rest up, so maybe that’s a good thing. He kisses his head before he reluctantly leaves.
“I was a soldier…” Dean begins. “In Afghanistan. Served two deployments. My second one got cut short because of an injury…That was hard, I guess.”
This is a little shorter than normal, I apologize. Anyway, we're finally gaining some headway into their actual relationship... (:
Castiel can practically see the self-loathing behind Dean’s bright eyes. He cautiously slips a hand over top of his where it rests on the patio table. “Dean, I enjoy my work. It is a privilege to know you and be your friend.”
"Dean...it's okay, it's okay. Calm down, you're going to make yourself sick." Cas wipes away Deans tears. "Dean. I'm serious, you're crying so hard..."
Two hours later, Cas is tiredly making his last round of this shift when he spots a commotion down the hall- namely, Benny running into a patient room. Cas briskly walks down to see if he needs some assistance and realizes that it’s Dean’s room. Dean is making an odd squeaking noise and flailing slightly, his eyes wide and panicked.
Truthfully, Dean had thought about it. But back then, there just hadn’t been quite the living in the profession as there was today. Dean had gone to school for architecture instead, but then his dad had passed and he came home to help their mom and Sam. The he found a job doing contracting that paid well, and the rest was history. He did secretly regret not finishing a degree, but he would never let his mother or brother feel guilty over needing him.
Cas puts a hand over his mouth, trying not to cry. “Yeah, that was…uh, that was a quote that I gave to you when we were in Afghanistan together. You kept it with you for the longest time, I don’t know where it is now.”
“My apologies that I upset you, Dean. That was not my intention.” Truly, Castiel does feel sadness at the fact that he has made his guard feel ill at ease with both himself and the angel.
The counseling sessions are tough, that he can’t deny. Sometimes they leave him with a tight chest or tears on his cheeks, but then he remembers bearing those feelings alone in a dark room and he’s grateful. He’s slowly sewing up the hole that Alistair left in him, even if the edges are still rough. Most of the blonde-haired man’s motivation comes from picturing the future. He pictures living with Cas without being a burden, being able to contribute to their shared life. Making dinner for Castiel when he gets off a late shift at the hospital, or setting an alarm to wake up early just for a kiss goodbye. He deserves better for his own sake, but so does his lover. Dean is determined to be the kind of guy Cas can be proud of dating.
“Yes, thanks. And I have a question for you…why do you choose to hang around in this Hell hole ?” That question has been weighing on his mind since he first met Cas. Cas in general has been in the back of his brain, he’s been itching to know if he’d ever see him again. Now his question was answered.
Dean isn’t used to so many people being around. Doctors, nurses, even his family. It’s a bit much after four years practically living in solitude. He doesn’t speak anymore, hasn’t for two years now. It’s kind of a problem now that he’s back in civilization, especially when he’s trying to communicate with his doctors. Really, he just wants his old iPod so that he can drown out the world and recollect himself. Everything is too bright here, too loud, too much….He turned on the news earlier and heard his story told a hundred different times, a hundred different ways. Poor Dean, brave Dean, alive Dean, older Dean. He wants to tell them that he’s just Dean. He wants to be just Dean again.
“I have to say that I’m going to miss you- but that being said, I don’t ever want to see you in here again.” He smiles. “I know you have a long hard road in front of you, but I know you’re tough enough to handle it, too. Good luck, Dean.”
“I noticed yesterday that there were no cars in the driveway after school, are you home alone right after?” Sam questions him the next day.
“I am Castiel, a misson worker. My group and I travel to less fortunate countries, many that soldiers like yourself have destroyed, and aid as much as we can. We brought the bottles from our own camp, figuring you guys could probably use some too.”
Dean slips his hands just beneath Cas’ new sweater, to rest on his hips. His thumbs rub slow circles, giving Cas a tingly feeling all the way to his toes.
Castiel’s mind is lust-hazy, and it seems like both minutes and hours have passed until he is watching his boyfriend roll on a condom. They’ve moved it to the bedroom now, a mass of tangled limbs on the king-sized bed that now holds both of their scents from everyday use. Dean pushes his legs up to rest over his own shoulders. He lines up with Cas’ prepped and ready entrance, smoothing his calloused hands down his lover’s thighs. “I’m gonna make it so good for you.” His grammar has dropped more syllables than usual with his arousal, a slight southern twang slipping out, barely noticeable to anyone that knows him any less than Cas. Dean pushes his length in slowly, his eyes slipping shut at the feeling. “So tight…” The pair exchanges a dirty kiss, all tongue and hot arousal. After the adjustment period, Dean quickens his pace until the sound of slapping skin and harsh breaths is filling the room.
Dean instantly feel horrible. He never thought about what it must have done to his family, he was too selfish. He needs to get better for them and for himself, and leave behind everything he lost. "I'm sorry Sammy. Everything's gonna be okay now, I'm here to stay." He side hugs him and ruffles his hair. "Don't worry."
Castiel and Dean sit together on his bed, with snacks all around them. They’re having a movie night to celebrate the first snow of the season. They are pressed thigh to thigh, their feet tangled together at the end of Dean’s bed. Dean keeps snorting at the television, and Cas has never heard a more beautiful sound than his laughter. He cracks up at the movie, burying his face in Cas’ shoulder as popcorn spews out of his mouth. The sight alone makes Cas laugh too, and then they’re both doubled over, laughing at nothing. Its times like these that Cas has missed out on, being virtually friendless throughout his school years, because he was studying so hard. Dean gives him back a childhood he never had, and in return Cas gives him the one that was stolen from him.
“Fine.” Dean gets up and leaves the room. It’s pointless to argue, it will just create another rift between them. He wants to do as much as he can to make Cas happy, and if that includes him spilling his guts to some stranger, he can take it.
He comes down from the high, his eyes taking in the scene before him. “Oh Dean, I’m sorry!” He feels embarrassed as he recognizes that his partner hasn’t been touched at all. Dean just laughs “It’s completely fine. But, you can help me if you’d like…” Nothing could have prepared Castiel for the sight of his boyfriend taking his cock out of his jeans and boxers, beginning to stroke himself slowly as he watches Cas’ eyes. Cas pushes his hand away and replaces it with his own, newfound confidence making itself known. After a minute, Dean places his hand over his and they stroke together. Cas finds it highly erotic and intimate at the same time, and their eyes never lose sight of either the act they’re performing or each other’s gaze.
Dean watches his boyfriend feed the little boy, a smile playing on his lips. “You’re a natural. Thought you said you were the youngest sibling?” Cas shifts the baby to burp him, giving Dean an answering smile. “I am, but I love kids.” The whole scene is so achingly sweet that it tugs on something in Dean’s chest. He hates that it’s been less than 24-hours and he’s already thinking that he could get used to this. He knows it’s going to crush himself and Castiel both when the baby’s parents are found.
“It’s not that he doesn’t want to, he’s just busy.” Sam explains to him. “On a job, or at The Roadhouse, or...whatever it is that Dean does.” He shakes his head fondly. The dark-haired boy nods absently, pretending to be aloof at Dean’s frequent absences.
Dean seems just as happy as he was before, and Cas thinks maybe this might have been a blessing in disguise. Everything is really good, if not better than it was before. He has his Dean, and that’s all that matters.
Three days after the incident, Castiel finds himself pulling up to a small, but well-kept red brick house almost smack in the middle of town. The garage is set back behind the house a little, and looks as though it will house his large vehicle comfortably for the time being. Dean greets him with a warm smile and instructs him to pull the Continental right up into the garage. He wears a tight, faded black t-shirt with equally worn jeans. Castiel notices these things, because although not the most charismatic for picking up partners, he has always been attracted to men and is not oblivious to those who are particularly handsome. Dean wonders what Castiel is seeing as he drives slowly up his gravel driveway. His house isn’t much, but he sees to it that it is always upkept to the best of his ability- lawn always mowed, bushes always trimmed, and shingles always repaired after a particularly bad storm. Truthfully, he worked hard to buy this place on his own and is damn proud of it.
“Hey, you can’t tell anyone, alright? It could be dangerous for them, you know, amateurs and all that.”
“C…..” A tiny syllable bumbles from Dean’s lips. Castiel immediately whips his head around at the sound. “Dean?! Did you…say something?” He starts to second guess what he heard, the sound was so unintelligible. He focuses hard on Dean’s mouth and sees it try to move again.
. He tells Cas how hard it is, how he’s struggling to keep up. That he’s scared. It makes him sad to know that Dean is out there, scared and feeling alone, and he can’t do a damn thing about it. He wishes that Dean would have never enlisted again. God, does he wish.
They find a wedding planner and start deciding on things right away. They set the date for the end of the next summer- August 28
“I was locked in that dark basement for the entire four years. No matter how much I screamed, begged, or cried, Alastair wouldn’t let me go. He would whip me, burn me, choke me, cut me, anything he could think of, just for fun. I thought I was going to die there…I had no idea what was going on when he left me alone for that month, but it was the worst of my life. I would starve, and pass out from dehydration… I had to eat old, moldy food he had left down there, and drink dirty water off the ground, that had leaked from the ceiling. That’s what I dream about the most.”
"Dean, you okay ?" He asks, nudging him. Dean just shakes his head and goes back to silently staring out the window. They sit in silence for a long time, before Cas tries to talk to him again.
“Want to sit here?” Sam’s voice breaks him out of his thoughts. Cas nods in response and they each slide into the booth, across from each other.
“What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him. Friggin’ ghost got me good.” He smooths a hand down his front, grimacing at the sting.
Cas’ letter gets returned, Dean’s platoon isn’t stationed in the same place anymore. It takes Dean a few weeks to send Cas a letter from the new location. Cas re-sends his, and Dean’s responds come sooner this time, and longer. It’s a pleasant change; it’s almost like having the old Dean back.
The whole ordeal makes Dean nervous to go out in public again, something he’d thought he’d gotten past months ago. But he fears seeing something or someone that will set him off again- bring back the panic attacks and nightmares. He continues with his therapy but refuses to talk more about what actually happened, instead choosing to talk about his own thoughts and feelings.
I mean, who doesn't love Dirty dancing references? Also, it's true that Swayze's butt in those black pants really added to the quality of the movie. Thank you all for reading and leave me some feedback (:
Dean stays the night at Cas’ apartment for the first time that winter. He goes over after Cas gets home from work and they have a night in- a nice dinner by the fireplace and a movie. They start off with slow kissing, and then things get more heated. So far they haven’t done too much in the way of sexual encounters, because of Dean’s self image issues.
