I wish John were here to tell me what to say. But he isn't, and so in the end I settle for bluntness. “I don't know what to say to comfort you,” I concede, a bit surprised by the amount of sadness in my voice.
John froze. For a second, his mind went completely blank. He blinked, not quite knowing what to do now.
John turns around to face me, emotions running across his face. He opens his mouth (to be angry with me) and closes it again. He opens his mouth once more (to apologise) and closes it again. He starts fidgeting and after a moment he snaps and storms out of the flat with Emmi in his arms.
Too fragile is his willingness to love us again, too bitter the loss of siblings we are both struggling with. The fact that Christmas brings another wave of mourning to my parents does nothing to lighten the mood.
Yes, that must be it. John was tired.
“Or touching him, for that matter. The way you pulled that Semtex off of him....”
“This is not a little problem,” he blurts out.
“I spent the last days trying to make up something half as romantic as your best man's speech, but I can't, so we'll keep it simple.”
Then she presses one last kiss on his cheek and leaves without looking back. Big Boy lets go of me and I slip to the ground, my muscles sore from the electric shocks. I am aware that I am chained to the ground again. In the process Big Boy touches me more often than necessary but I am too exhausted to give a damn.
Seb falling to the ground, poisoned, eyes wide in pain, body shaking with spasms, white foam running out of his open mouth, tries to breathe in vain, body helpless on the floor, barely twitching now, standing above him, watching him dying, his hands reaching out for me, silently begging for help, watching the light leaving his eyes slowly, slowly, the sound of his painful final breaths, a gargling, then silence, gone
The parcel contains a box that contains a parcel that contains ...
“Why?” he asked exasperated. Maybe she had a good reason, maybe …
I remember him, how he was standing in the kitchen on the most horrific day of his life. Was able to watch realization crawling all over his body. I tried to be brave, for him. It worked. Still don't know how. He had tried to go on after the Day Of The Gunshot, but he couldn't. Had tried for ten days before realizing that he couldn't. So typical that for him this realization was more horrific than The Day Of The Gunshot itself.
Of course, the nightmares. John silently cursed himself. “Look,” he offered, “why don't I stay here while you sleep? I'd be around to prove I am still alive as soon as you wake up.”
- Remember why pirates are brilliant.
“Everything all right?” he asks (still holding my hand. Painfully so. Might get bruises tomorrow. Still feels wonderful).
I think I should feel something but I don't. Maybe later.
And then, instead of finally dying himself, he is forced to stare and stare at the corpse of the man he loves. Please, God, let me die, he thinks. But even though he can barely breathe, death won't come. Agony is burning, his ears are ringing, but he still stares and stares.
“Please don't think it is your ...” Please not. There is a single tear running down his cheek and I concentrate on it because there is no way I could stand looking into his eyes now.
“I almost fell into the river. I would have drowned, the Chao Phraya River would have taken my body to the ocean, and if my corpse would have been washed up at some Asian shore I would have ended up just like ...” … just like the unknown sailors.
His hand is still holding on to my curls, and every thrust of his hips moves my helpless body forward a bit and pulls at the root of my hair and sends waves of pain and lust through my head. Feel boneless and thoughtless and helpless and fearless and if he stops now I will loose my mind.
Special thanks as always to my wonderful betas who feed me with constructive criticism and constructive praise. ;-)
My head is swirling, only John's hand on my back stops me from falling into the abyss that is waiting inside my mind. I lean against it, heavily. We remain that way until a nurse comes in to check on us. I hope that John's hand will return to my back once she is gone, but it doesn't.
Oh. In his anger John had completely forgotten about these cantankerous and imperfection bits. He quickly rethinks his own actions during the last two or three days. Blimey. He licks his lips in sudden distress.
I take the same route we always took when going on summer holidays. I don't know why, but I know that it is vital to take the same route. First to Dover, then taking a ferry to Calais, then passing Belgium and the Netherlands before heading to the north of Germany, where another ferry will take me to the little island where we used to spend our summer holidays. It's a fifteen hour trip, mostly over night.
Without John, he fells like catarrh and chickenpox coming on at the same time. Sherlock is so much more in danger of getting lost than he imagined he would be. And the thought, the knowledge that John is fine, is coping, is carrying on, is both frightening and life-saving at the same time. He fights over this contradiction for a while, and the concern for John's well-being wins.
Suddenly I feel sick. Not really like I need to vomit, more like being on a slowly rolling boat. I close my eyes and nod. “All right,” I say. I feel his thumb stroking my right hand softly.
When he is griped at, John patiently explains that it is only thanks to him doing the shopping that they do not starve to death. “Oh, you and your erratic readiness to run errands,” Sherlock huffs, not seeing how eating can be more important that listening to him.
Sitting on a bench. Staring out at the sea. His travelling bag at his side.
“You still don't feel like talking, do you?” he asks gently, and I shake my head. It is difficult, even though I do not understand why. It makes him (sad? hurt? impatient?).
No, he shouldn't.
When John came to the hospital the next morning, he was greeted by a nurse who was close to tears. “He is not in a good mood” she sniffed. John apologised for him the way he always did before he carefully entered the room.
Unbelievably so. John was not supposed to be mean. He was supposed to be warm and gentle and wrong occasionally and angry at the world and life and fate sometimes, but never angry with Sherlock. Not angry like that. You-insufferable-git-angry, yes, or What-have-you-done-to-the-fridge-angry. Not angry enough to lash out at him and say things that hurt.
My hand refuses to move. After a few minutes, I am soaked in sweat and my hand is shaking. There is still not a single word written down on that blasted sheet of paper.
(And there it is again, this evil little thought. If John had died on that rotten plane, I would be alone with Rosie right now. Or would I? Most likely Mummy and Dad would be here to -)
Evil things are mentioned in this chapter. If you don't want to be spoiled, just read on. If you'd preferred to be properly warned, read the notes at the end of the chapter first. There are detailed warnings. (I shamelessly copied this idea from another fic I've read recently. I will include the author's name here as soon as I find it again.)
Maybe Sherlock should just go home, tell John he was forgiven and resume working on the case with him. He could even bring a stupid little present like chocolate or flowers. Well, that was only a good idea if John was done being angry too. And if John also felt like it was up to Sherlock to forgive him.
We are very much alike, Mummy and I. It took me years to realise. We both cannot just say “I love you” like Daddy can. So instead, she lectured me. There was always some kind of physical contact during those lessons, like here on the ferry. And I listened, returning the embrace or leaning into her touch. It really is no wonder I care so much about knowledge.
The press conference in front of 221b gives her the creeps. She watches it on telly in silent horror, the way you might watch a rear-end collision on the other side of the street. She notices the small movement in the background. John toughing Sherlock.
Now, I take one step, and then another, and then I am inside. John follows me, as he always does.
“I love you,” he cries, “Please don't leave me. I love you! I love you.” He wants to stop, knowing that he is cradling a corpse but he can't.
“No!”
But he is here, and that is really so much more than Sherlock could have hoped for a few weeks ago.
“I'm still here,” he says and I am not sure if he is surprised or not.
After another while, I start sweating. Exhaustion is spreading all through my body but I won't give up. My whole body is trembling and I can barely step from one toe to the other. But I will hold on.
“What did she tell him instead?”
Kate moved to Alberta after that, using her first fake identity, Carol Sawyer, and started another relationship. Her new partner committed suicide, taking sleeping pills and then taking a hot bath. There were clues of him fighting for his life but apparently he did not manage to get out of the bath-tub and drowned.
“John?” he heard Sherlock whisper.
Daddy smiles and explains about the North Sea being very shallow here, and about artificial navigation channels and proper markers for the ship captains while I watch the trees pass us by. Little Sherlock keeps firing questions that Daddy keeps answering good-heartedly until the ferry reaches its destination. I watch them until the ferry reaches the port of Amrum.
I grow more and more agitated with every passing minute. (That poor man who happens to wait next to me for his future daughter-in-law.) (My first mean deduction after many months. Is that another sign that I am getting better? Well, maybe it is just a sign that I can still be an arsehole occasionally.)
And what a gruesome crime he has to report. What Big Boy lacked in intellect and finesse, he apparently made up with brutal force. At some point during the description of the second rape my legs give in. I feel myself sliding down the wall of the shower. John does nothing to stop me from going down. Instead, he kneels down next to me once I have reached the bottom, continues sponging me and goes on with his report.
The problem is that nothing seems to be wrong on the surface. John makes tea for two in the morning, makes sure that Sherlock eats enough, buys all the boring stuff Sherlock cannot be bothered with like toilet paper, tissues and food, lets Sherlock rest his head on John's tummy when they watch TV and pets Sherlock's curls regularly. And yet, something is tremendously wrong. There is a distance between them Sherlock cannot explain.
He cannot finish his sentence, looks at me instead. (His sadness and hope and fear and hope again are overwhelming me. All I can do is cling to his hand.) We can hear some hushed murmur, then some more. It goes on for a while. Then Mr Super Secret is back on his phone.
Mary at the wedding, “Oh, Sherlock! Neither of us were the first, you know.
Those who needed two handkerchiefs last time might need three today.
“Oh, really?” John answered, sarcasm think in his voice now. “Well, then I will just start to feel happy again. Thanks a lot, all my problems are solved now.” He had nearly shouted the end and was now looking at Sherlock with a strange look in his eyes. A mixture of regret and relief.
Oh my God.
(See the end of the chapter for
He is quiet for a while. Then he whispers, “Do you know what date it is today?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(The feeling intensifies. What is it?)
(father, noun. Old English fæder "father, male ancestor," from Proto-Germanic *fader (cognates: Old Saxon fadar, Old Frisian feder, Dutch vader, Old Norse faðir, Old High German fater, German vater), from PIE *pəter (cognates: Sanskrit pitar-, Greek pater, Latin pater, Old Persian pita, Old Irish athir "father"), presumably from baby-speak sound like pa.)
“Plane crash at Leeds kills 64 of 171 people aboard,” the serious anchorman tells me, and I immediately lose track of what is going on on screen. 64 victims. That means only little more than one third of us. This number is much lower than I thought. (And my mind jumps back to the plane wreck where my brain tuned out most of what was going on around me. I force myself back into the present.)
(I wish I would believe it myself.)
One month of way-too-slow-progress merges into the next. Sherlock's sense of time is completely malfunctioning. He changes his identities, changes his clothes, his hair colour so often he loses track.
When I am not busy failing to heal, I spend most of the time outside. I walk for hours and hours. First, I walk through every road in Wittdün. (There are not many, but still I want to rediscover them all.) Then I walk through every road in the next village, Stenodde. Then, I walk through every other road on Amrum. Then, I walk the trails through the forest and the dunes. Then, at night, I leave the trails. (Not allowed, for good reasons. But I need to do it. I need to make this island mine.) In the end, I take a long walk around the entire island.
Today Sherlock had killed himself.
My bunkmate in Kandahar, he was married. He carried a photo of his wife everywhere. Just the idea of her at home, waiting for him, believing in him, kept him level. He did what he had to do without hesitation or complaint and he did it well. He told me once that that was the man she thought he was. He tried to live up to that every day. He became the man she believed in.
“We have to get John.” Lestrade told him — shooting a worried look at Sherlock, laying in the foetal position at his feet. “That’s where Sherlock and I were going...”
bond with him...”
“You’re so sexy.” I murmured. “I want you so much.”
“Yes.”
I almost scoffed – the least he could do was what he usually did: nothing. But I caught myself. Another bite of Sherlock's frittata covering my smirk. He noticed – Sherlock always noticed – but I smiled apologetically and he smiled back.
“No, it didn’t. Mycroft and I began examining how it worked for the previous year and a half, and we discovered a subtle pattern – someone, we believe Moriarty, had been affecting the market. The death of a CEO, the failure of a crop, a government official embroiled in a sex scandal – many small unconnected occurrences that pushed the markets into following Moriarty’s theorem.
Twice more John slowed to almost a stop and teased me, made me beg for his cock. Then he’d shove it in me with his full weight behind it, coring me, impaling me, ravaging my eager hole vigorously. With each thrust, my cock rubbed against the hard lip of the table – over and over, almost painfully, but absolutely perfectly.
Mycroft looked shocked. But before Lestrade could withdraw, Mycroft pulled him closer, his hands on Lestrade’s shoulders, and kissed back. His lips were dry and warm and Lestrade teased them with the tip of his tongue. He felt Mycroft smile as he nipped his lower lip, capturing it briefly between his teeth.
Sherlock was already texting Dusette, warning her to stay clear of Baker Street after all. "He's a trained sniper - if he wanted to kill us, we'd be dead already."
“Son didn’t want to pay.” I told him mildly. “I had to be ...persuasive. Lost track of time.”
“Heat harness” John looked away from the body and from his mate, a bitter edge to his voice. “Omega prostitutes. They make them wear a leather harness when they’re in heat. It buckles around the neck and there are straps that go under the arms to hold it in place. It covers the scent gland on the back of the neck, so the Omega can’t be bitten and bonded. The leather’s studded with holes though, so the scent is still strong.”
“But you won’t let your brother die.”
Except his ex- wasn’t lonely anymore. She had a new husband to cheat on.
“What? No...”
Bloody Sherlock! How did I turn into the wife!?
“Victor and I have met.” Sherlock said with a stunning lack of emotion in his voice. I had gathered as much from their reactions, but now I realised how painful the meeting was for my friend.
John released him suddenly. Sherlock sagged against the door, bereft without John’s hands on his body. He turned around – John was still there, very close. His face was pink with effort and arousal and his prick pushed the fabric of his pajamas out obscenely.
John settled into his pillows. "I feel fine." He said preemptively. "I'm walking more or less normally. I should be out of critical care tomorrow."
His back was tense and I could feel him shaking. “Love, if that’s what you’re feeling badly about – don’t. If you need me to forgive you, I forgive you. In fact, you have my blessing to do whatever you need to do to come back to me in one piece. I don’t care if you fuck your way across three continents, as long as you come home.”
"Are you ok?" Shane asked.
Sherlock tries to find the right words to tell John everything.
"Where did you hear that?" Moran asked. Sherlock could see his pleasure at the question, his desire to show off for Sherlock, through his suspicion.
There were a number of vehicles already in the road, an ambulance among them. Dusette guided Shane over and the Emergency team wrapped a blanket around him and gave him a hot pack to hold against his chest. They wanted him to lie down, but Shane resisted. He watched while they assessed Madam Dusette’s wrist and the blooming bruises on her face and neck.
Sherlock prepared for another long night in the card parlors.
“It doesn’t matter.” I assured him, caressing his hair.
John didn’t have much to shift – some clothes, linens, books, his record albums, laptop, his old telly and some kitchenware. He managed it all in six boxes, his rucksack and a suitcase.
I rubbed my cock against his - it felt insanely good. Better than I remembered. I put my mouth on his and we kissed and kissed, rutting lazily. "I love how you touch me." John breathed. "Can I… I want you in my mouth." He moaned sounding desperate. "Can I suck you?"
Cold sweat was pouring down his temples and ribs.
Sherlock wrinkled his face in displeasure. "No. No, I'm not leaving."
Sherlock paused before opening the door. He turned to John and reached out and touched his face. Then he pushed John's back to the wall, pinning John's wrists and shoving his pelvis forward to grind against his groin. John struggled half-heartedly, but didn't resist Sherlock's kiss.
“That would have been very helpful, actually.”
Sherlock shuffled the files, pretending to read a page he'd already memorized.
“Help me with the next one?” He asked.
But the feeling that lasted was distress – Sherlock had been gone for almost fourteen months! What was he doing? Was he undercover? Was he in danger? Was he even alive? I worried about him constantly.
It felt like my life before I met Sherlock. Empty sameness stretching out as far as I could see – and me, caught in it, trapped.
But Mycroft didn’t appear. I was whisked down hallways and through doors, the new doctor from the ambulance jogging beside me.
Sherlock's nipples were hard and his toes curled. John's big prick dragged against his insides, stimulating his most sensitive spot. He LOVED it! He wanted it to go on forever.
My breath hitched - if it was with arousal or tears I couldn't say. "I love you, John."
“You could have died.” Angus observed.
"This is an improvement, Sherlock." She said, hiding her smile.
want that.
“You’re one to talk.” I said, pulling his hand up to my nipple.
“Experiment.”
“With me? I don’t think so.”
“OK. How do you know Victor?”
I kissed Sherlock’s face, tasting salt. “Don’t move.” I ordered. “I’ll be right back.”
"You never thought he might return your feelings?"
“What the fuck you doing here!?”
Sherlock eyed him. Shane was calmer now, more the self-assured, successful man he was before John had been taken. He thought of the glimpse he'd had, of John embracing him, accepting the comfort Shane offered, and that terrible ambivalence rose up inside of him again.
Sherlock nodded. “Good. John and I’ll be there.”
Since their escape – was escape the word? Moriarty had simply left – from the pool, they’d reluctantly moved into Mycroft’s townhouse. The Alpha was rarely there, and when he was, he was working in his home office. It was mostly the two of them, rattling around the place. Well, the two of them, the butler, the cook, the two maids and the footman. That last had thrown John – was this bloody Downton Abbey?! – until he decided that the footman doubled as security. Actually, all five of Mycroft's household staff were probably armed and dangerous.
"You're amazing." John mumbled.
He turned to me with utter dread on his face. “Moriarty... Moriarty is obsessed with me. If he knew – if he even suspected – how much I love you, he would kill you. John, I can’t let that happen.”
“Wake up, Lestrade!” Sherlock demanded, trying, gun firmly in hand, to roll himself off the policeman and sit up.
Around the room they fought – he was fast, but she was faster, so light on her feet, so agile, able to duck under the table as easily as she could leap over the bench. But he was more powerful and aggressive, willing to endure smaller wounds for an opportunity to deliver a crushing blow.
“Moriarty.” Sherlock said.
"I have a theory." I told her. "But I need to speak to Owen Hughes first."
“I can protect myself.” John announced testily. “I don’t need either of you to take care of me.”
“I haven’t told anyone.”
She seemed mildly surprised that Shane had decided to join her, but she made no comment. Instead she held out the mobile so Shane could see and hit ‘redial.’ “Monsieur Mycroft?... Yes, Dr. Watson just spoke to you. I am calling about him… He goes to –––– hospital now, he needs help, I think. An advocate, a companion… No, no one is with him… he is hurt quite badly… Oui, good.” She disconnected and looked at Shane. “That is taken care of.” She said.
I pulled off, still jacking him. "Harder." I said. "It's fine if you're a little rough. It's good." I blushed in spite of myself and returned to my task.
Sherlock laughed. "When I left the toilets, you were right there. I WANTED you so much. I think I turned bright red."
“You read the letter – you know what I want.”
Mycroft gave me a look. “If you don’t know where Sherlock is, you can’t reveal it.”
"Pants too, come on." John had propped himself up on his elbows to watch me.
John had been honest with Shane. They'd had a long talk after John had slept with Sherlock and he'd confessed how in love he still was with the detective. With his friend. It hadn't mattered when John thought he was dead, but it mattered now.
Shane, though, Shane was already jumpy – the hospital sounds making him startle and twitch. When John refused to eat, Shane started to fuss over him.
Sherlock woke with a scratchy throat. There was still no news from Dusette nor any message from John. Not that he deserved one. He felt rather sorry for himself regardless.
"I woke when you asked who was in the room." Sherlock said. "What woke you?"
He saw John dashing across a wide street into a park where a man with dark, floppy hair had a hand raised in greeting. John ran up to the man and they kissed. It wasn't a passionate kiss, but it wasn't just a cheek kiss you might give your friend from the continent either - it was the kiss people who are intimate give to say hello – full on the mouth, but brief. Then John and this person smiled at each other and walked into the park together.
John couldn’t let that happen. Alphas weren’t just programmed by millennia of evolution to fight for and claim an Omega in heat, they were also programmed to protect their Omega. John had had plenty of experience defending an Omega, it was deeply ingrained. He grabbed hold of that, his deep instinct to protect this young man (because he is
John sighed wearily and turned back towards the entrance to A&E.
If only there had been another way to rid the world of the threat he posed! But, of course Moriarty required me to give up everything dear to me to best him. God damn the man!
“I need you, John, all of you.”
The stocky woman had regained her feet, the man in the suit lay on the pavement bleeding from his neck. The part of John training to be a doctor noted that the wound was fatal. The part that was Alpha rejoiced. The part that was
“I’ve missed you.” I kissed him, capturing his lips with my own. He tasted of mint and sausages and I couldn’t help but smile into the kiss.
Gonorrhea was the only STD they’d yet detected (unless the body lice counted). Sherlock’s HIV tests were negative and they’d given him PReP, but it was too soon to know for certain if he’d been infected or not.
Sherlock tripped – almost bringing Shane down with him. He had a second to shove Shane away and then Church was on him. They wrestled, Sherlock desperately trying to squirm into a better position under the burly man’s crushing weight. He felt the needle bite his flesh and knocked it painfully away before the plunger could be depressed.
He jerked his head towards the hallway, letting go the nurse's arm and followed the man out of the room.
"Shooting is more John's area."
John! John had tackled the boy. He had hold of the gun and twisted it forwards in such a way that I heard Gereth's finger bone snap. Gereth screamed and John rotated the rifle swiftly, the barrel contacting Gereth's forehead, knocking him unconscious.
They ran down the stairs. At the third floor landing, they ran right into a big group of coppers, thundering up the stairs.
“I’m the lucky one.” John said. “Very lucky.”
It still turned John’s stomach, to think of those young girls being whored out. Now that he’d experienced heat pheromones he knew that an Alpha could easily lose oneself in the moment. But the moment before that when you saw they were just little girls? And all the moments afterwards when you had to live with what you’d done… it made John sick.
"When was that?"
I couldn’t breathe. All the oxygen had been sucked out of the world. I stood there gasping desperately like a fish out of water. The vacuum around me was the entire universe, the planets and the stars, asteroids, comets, everything. It was beautiful. And it was all made of pain.
Selwyn scowled at her.
“No. It was twenty-five years ago.”
“Yes.” Mycroft said, eyeing me. “John.”
John ground his teeth. He felt the wrongness of the touch in the pit of his stomach, a roiling nausea. “What do you want, Moriarty? Why are you doing this?”
"Don't give me that! You have casual sex as often as you can get it! How many times have you brought a girl home for the night?! Well, I can get it anytime I want it! In the Underground, on the street, through the internet, and, yes, at a crime scene! Men don't need convincing."
Sherlock lay curled against his right side, sleeping soundly, John’s good arm wrapped possessively around his mate. He took a deep breath… the scent of Sherlock's honey, hot and sweet, intensified.
Next chapter soon! What will happen?!
His brother had always had the ability to surprise him, but this was so unexpected Mycroft stopped and played that part of the video back. Twice.
"You can't begrudge me that! Not when you go out with your girlfriend three days out of four!"
“I’ve been working... I didn’t expect you to lose so much.” He rubbed my nipple between his fingers and I moaned.
"Did they give you something for the pain, at least?"
Moran’s fingers wandered over Sherlock’s bare chest. “Beautiful.” He whispered. He gripped both of Sherlock’s arms and guided him down to lay on the tiger’s pelt.
“Did you see him? How is he?”
It wasn’t difficult to feign grief at Sherlock’s supposed passing – I missed him terribly.
The bell over the doorway rang and Sherlock looked up. John stood in the doorway! Sherlock froze in place, no thought in his head other than JOHN! He didn't think to bow his head or look away. John made eye contact fleetingly as he entered, making a cursory sweep of the room. Then John did a double take, turning back to Sherlock, staring. The door closed but he had stopped moving. The moment stretched – it felt like an eternity, looking into John's eyes, seeing his recognition, his pain ... his fury...
I remembered how it had felt, loving him so much and telling myself I was satisfied with friendship. “I thought it was hopeless. Completely, utterly hopeless. But somehow it wasn’t. John... you make me so happy... but I’ve never understood... what happened? How could you love me?” I whispered.
“That’s one of the reasons why we’ve come.” Virginia told them. “Madame Holmes is not a bad person.”
“Come on.” He said, helping me to my feet. The head rush almost put me on the ground again, but Greg supported me. He put his arms around me and I sobbed into his chest.
“Mariah!” I hissed at him. “You KNOW her name’s Mariah.”
However, I was now too close for him to swing the weapon at me. He tried to back away as he recovered his breath, but quickly found himself against the wall. I pressed the advantage, hitting him in the face with my rifle. I broke his nose and he roared and tried to grapple with me. All I could think about was this monster hurting Sherlock. I ignored his grasping hands and flailing blade and struck him in the head again and then again. I was gratified to see him bleeding, his pink eyes looking stunned, worried. I hit him again and again, wiping the expression off his monstrous face.
“Johnnnn….!” Sherlock whined, distressed. “John… please….”
Is that who Mary was describing? Or was she making Marcas up wholesale? If she were, why not make it a romantic partner that she’d lost, instead of a mentor? Something I could identify with. Someone I could, in theory, replace.
I would say I have simply been myself – but certainly not my best self. I will have to learn to hold myself to your higher standard.
The cocaine was kicking in, energy and clarity spiking through me. I resented that I had to waste it in the shower. But I knew better than to disobey. The line of coke wouldn’t last long and I’d be miserable again soon.
Sherlock cried out in delight, both hands stroking the fat shaft. He loved how, when John was aroused, the rosy head peeked shyly from it's cowl. He pulled it back and brushed his thumb over the tip, smearing the damp evidence of his Alpha's desire.
Movement caught my eye. I swore and recoiled, but the knife was kicked from my hand and went skittering across the floor. I leapt to my feet – an inmate was swinging a knife at Sherlock! No, a machete! Swearing, I managed to get my assault rifle up over Sherlock in time to block the vicious downward swing of the blade. My thoughts were flying and in the millisecond we were suspended there, weapons clanging together, I recognised that this must be Sherlock’s executioner. I was consumed by icy rage. I was in between the machete and Sherlock by the time he swung again – at me this time. I didn’t have a chance to get my weapon pointed at him – I wanted to empty the clip into his loathsome face – so I again used it to parry his machete. He was shouting at me in a language I didn’t understand.
“I shouldn’t be eating.” He said. “It slows me down.”
“Right. Thanks.” I took it from her.
“I prefer ‘doctor,’ little Alpha.” She sneered. “Or Sergeant.”
"Yes." Sherlock said. He was still seeing stars, trying not to black out from the head rush of standing. He must have staggered because John's arms were around him, supporting him. Sherlock could feel the plastic of the prosthesis pressing against his back, the metal hook on his arm.
John has been mourning Sherlock's death for over a year. A bit of a dust-up makes him feel better than he has in ages.
I felt Victor pull away from me, his body tense.
“Don’t lie to –“
“Before he was acquitted.”
“That’s the sort of ‘interesting’ no one needs.”
Sherlock sat on a chair looking placid. Victor was next to him... he leaned in, taking Sherlock's face in his hands, and kissing him deeply. Sherlock made a small, hungry noise and pulled Victor in closer...
"He said he'd been killed, not simply that he had died?"
"I'm not exactly what either of them signed on for, am I?" John asked quietly.
'So what?' John thought. 'Leave me alone.' He didn't move. He stayed curled in on himself. Fetal. Self-protective.
Update Wednesday - er... Thursday. Sorry about that.
With a last glance at her arse, John rejoined me, a bemused smile on his lips.
Afterwards, he reached again for the Omega’s penis. It lay at half-mast against Sherlock’s thigh. John caressed it to full wakefulness and stroked it, twisting his wrist and running his thumb over the damp head at the top of each stroke. John felt Sherlock’s pleasure growing through their empathetic link – it was amazing, he knew exactly what pleased the young man most, knew precisely what he desired. He felt powerful, fondling and squeezing and stroking his Omega’s prick until Sherlock gasped and spurted, his climax stuttering under John’s capable hand. It was a different sort of climax than the earlier ones, less deep but still satisfying to both of them.
Moriarty had trusted this man because he had understood him completely. He had dangled a ‘thing’ Moran wanted to achieve in front of him, forever just out of reach. That had been Moran’s sense of purpose, working towards whatever Moriarty dangled. It was himself, Sherlock realized – Jim Moriarty was the beautiful, exquisitely rare thing that would always slip through Sebastian Moran’s fingers, yet still be so tantalizingly close.
He pulled out slowly, then abruptly shoved his cock inside me. “YES!” I cried out.
Suddenly he pulled out entirely. I moaned and tried to follow, but his hands in my hair held me back.
Tragedy had touched him personally, long ago, and since then he tried to help others through theirs. And he had a small yellow dog.
I made a frustrated noise - I didn't have TIME for a process! John wouldn't wait forever.
I felt a little shy, a bit uncertain about what Sherlock wanted, about what he would allow. But when he saw me, he smiled with pure happiness and I folded him into my arms.
Sherlock chuckled at my relief. "I can be versatile." He finished.
“Alphas? Three.”
James smiled at John’s happiness. “Sounds like you got lucky.”
“Maybe you won’t want to.”
A nurse appeared. “Not feeling so good?” She asked, cleaning up his vomit as John retched again and again. There was nothing left in his stomach, but he couldn’t stop retching. He retreated into himself as his body continued to convulse helplessly.
"No. The place is a fortress. And I can't walk up to the front door and knock."
afraid of your brother?”
SHERLOCK
“How could I?” Lestrade asked. He wasn’t about to tell Mycroft about Sherlock’s greyed out soulmark, not with Sherlock listening. He heard the rhythm of chopper blades approaching. “Just... tell ‘em to be careful. Ok, we’re heading up to the roof now.”
“Every day we would invent a task, sometimes together, sometimes separately – and we would accomplish it – without maps, just our wits and a good sense of direction. I had about ten words of Italian and Marcas had maybe 20... every day we wandered through the city, eating fish and the freshest pasta I’d ever tasted... gelato...”
Of course, to breed, they would have to have an Alpha.
"Right. Your beloved John. And his beloved Shane. What you both see in him, I'll never know. There's nothing special about him, is there. He's not good looking or charming. Or rich. There's nothing at all special about him! How a famous author and an infamous detective are both gone on him, I'll never know! He's completely average!
Now... none of that mattered. John was glad he wasn't dead. But everything else... it paled next to losing his hand. Shane, Sherlock, all those feelings, all that sturm and drang, nothing mattered.
John pushed the two Omegas behind him and flexed his hands anticipatorily. He thought he could catch her by surprise as she walked past. But the Alpha stopped suddenly. She’d found her colleague that John had beaten unconscious.
“You want it...” It wasn’t quite a question.
I woke in the dark. For a second I was disoriented – why did our bedroom stink? Why was our bed so uncomfortable. Then I remembered.
At least Watson was a good specimen: well-muscled and broad shouldered, with good teeth and hair. His scent was virile – more masculine and appealing than Moriarty’s subtle potency. He should sire capable Alphas. If they had the Holmes intellect, they’d be useful.
“I didn’t say anything.” Lestrade complained.
“Sherlock–“
She put her stethoscope in her ears and waved the sensor over John's hand. He stopped the compressions and pulled back, giving her room to search for a heartbeat. She tried three different spots on Sherlock's chest before giving up.
Then his mouth found mind and I lost myself in his kisses. We tore at each other’s clothes in a frenzy of passion – I NEEDED to touch his skin, feel his body against my own, his breath hot against my neck, have him inside me.
“Is that supposed to frighten me?”
"Shit." John swore, turned on despite himself. He doubted his ability to talk about such things.
I hadn’t planned to tell Cam – only Lestrade – but there was nothing for it. “One’s missing.” I said. “The one he showed me at dinner the other night.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be taking care of me?” John asked.
I love him. I love John with my entire being. I am his, unquestionably. And I will continue to love him whether he’s with me or not, whether we’re just friends or more than friends… or less… My love for John is a fixed point in the universe, unchangeable. Monolithic. It doesn’t require him to return the sentiment. I never expected that he could, let alone would. I tried to be content with the time and attention he gave so freely. I tried not to be greedy.
SHERLOCK
And I have to admit, I liked spending time with Mary. She was sweet and smart and pretty. If I teased her, she enjoyed it – and enjoyed giving as good as she got. If I complained, she listened and tried to help. When she expressed her fears about Seb Moran, she seemed grateful for my advice. I felt like I’d made a friend.
“I don’t like to see you this way.”
“Erm, yeah. I muted her thread – I didn’t want the distraction.”
“Stay behind me.” John ordered the Omega. “The cops will come soon.” John spared a thought hoping the Betas he’d shouted at had called the police. Then he turned to face the oncoming mob.
“Well… it, erm, suits you…”
John saw Shane's jaw tense slightly.
“Where’s Sherlock!?” The gargoyle demanded in Mycroft’s angry voice.
“Oh God, Sherlock.” Lestrade didn’t have a soulmate — or he hadn’t found his, many people didn’t. He had no vibrant soulmark where his skin had first come in contact with his soulmate’s.
I started towards Chinatown.
It wasn’t fair that I had to give him up! It wasn’t fair that I had to hurt him so! It wasn’t fair that by the time I finished unraveling Moriarty’s web, I would be nothing to John but a distant memory! I wanted him! Not in my bed – although, of course I wanted him there – but in my life!
“I don’t want to hurt you.” It sounded like a threat.
"Like YOU were 'just' a kid?"
"That's... that's shockingly romantic, Sherlock."
But Sherlock didn't say anything. He kissed John's shoulder and held him and after a long moment, John relaxed and let the comfort touch him. Against John's despair and rage, it was overmatched. But John knew he could count on this comfort. He could lash out or retreat inside himself, he could scream abuse and blame Sherlock, he could be icy cold and ignore him, but no matter what Sherlock would be there with him.
"I wanted to... you've been taking care of me, John. It's the least I could do..."
Other people fail to understand many things about John's and Sherlock's relationship. One of the people that fails to understand it's true nature is Sherlock, which is funny, because one would think that his enormous ego would make him very open to the idea of someone loving him.
On the fourth morning after telling Sherlock he loves him too by writing it on a post-it, John wakes up feeling warm and content. In Mary's house in Kensington he always woke up freezing, but there is something about 221b that makes him feel warm inside.
I think my voice is wavering, but I am not sure. John's grip is tightening. He does not say a word, just listens.
After a while they start having visitors.
I would have to leave …
John remembered how he had secretly watched Mycroft, who believed that Molly was the only other person around who knew, and Molly, who believed the same. A chill went down his spine when he briefly wondered if there had been someone else watching him, pondering on how John believed that Molly, Mycroft and he himself were the only ones to know... This whole thing was really driving him into paranoia.
“You’re twice as good as the Alphas at your school.” Virginia said fiercely. “She has to be.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to insult you! I just... I don’t want to take advantage...”
I was really starting to lose the plot. Imagining Sherlock leaving me for another man. WE WEREN'T a couple!
“Vasovagus syncope.” I observed with admiration. Overstimulation of the vagus nerve caused a sudden drop in blood pressure and thus fainting. My John was a soldier AND a doctor. I’d have to get him to show me how it was done.
Oh, John!
He claimed the Omega’s mouth. Sherlock’s tongue tentatively stroked his lip. John had had his share of sex – and he had felt strongly about several of his partners – but he had never experienced this combination of fierce lust and tenderness. It was extraordinary.
“Indeed. Perfect bait.”
"Everybody out." Lestrade called, raising his voice above the buzz of conversation and insects. "Come on." He turned to Sherlock. "You have five minutes."
The trail led up the cliff. We climbed for what seemed like a long time, the wind shoving at us and the rain making it hard to see very far. Everything was dank and gray.
“We might need to mount another rescue mission.” John muttered to his bondmate. He felt Sherlock’s flutter of amusement through their link.
"You go, I'll stay here."
I met up with the rest of the team in Uzbekistan.
“I’ll have a bigger one brought in.” Mycroft vowed.
“Even if there were someone…” John prompted. “Is there someone?”
But the tender caress and kiss on his forehead – what was that? It wasn't friendly, it was caring. Loving.
John ran down the dark alley, the torch illuminating the ground in front of him, he turned and I sprinted to catch up. I thought I could hear someone else in the maze. The impossible, dark sameness was disorienting.
“Is that really necessary?”
"I'm not going to apologize for my past, John. But that IS the past."
“I thought I was over it, over the worst part... but I’m just not. I never should have asked Seb out. I’m just... just exhausted of feeling like shit.”
"Your sister said she saw you with him earlier."
“No.” Mycroft replied. “My mother collapsed when I told her the news.”
"I wasn't interested. No reason he should be."
I will go with you to John’s clinic. In the morning when we can bloody see where we’re going — when we can avoid getting ourselves shot.”
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw movement. He craned his head and just caught sight of bright blond hair and a dark overcoat. He frowned – that seemed familiar. But the figure was gone and John couldn't place him. He hailed a cab.
“I am going to fucking kill you.” He whispered. “Do you have any idea what you’ve put me through?!”
In addition to the ruptured spleen, Sherlock had suffered a concussion, fractures to three fingers, numerous subcutaneous hematomas – on his face, torso and limbs – peritonitis, multiple lacerations, infected lacerations, sores from scratching himself raw, extensive bruising, fever, swollen lymph nodes, rectal tearing and anal fissures, tinea corporis (ringworm), head lice, body lice, and he was addicted to heroin.
The answer was so clear Sherlock felt idiotic for not having deduced it sooner. Moran was watching John to make certain that Sherlock was really dead! That explained why he didn't trail John every day – after almost two years, he could check in once or twice a week, look for a change in John's demeanor or patterns.
"I shouldn't have been such an arse to Shane."
“Are you going to jab us both?” Sherlock asked huskily, his raw throat protesting. He settled himself into the wheelchair again, turning his back on the burly nurse. “More difficult when there’s two.”
"That I loved you? I don't know – it snuck up on me. I denied it for a long time, it's not something I ever expected..." John was reflective. "I guess when we were drugged chasing the hellhound of Baskerville, you were so upset and I tried to talk you down ... "
Then Sherlock had rescued him.
"It's fine." John said. He patted the bed indicating Sherlock should sit. "I don't want that for you either. Sit down." His right hand found Sherlock's chest and travelled across it. "Why are you wearing this ratty, old jumper?"
The whole topic of Alphas was fraught. Some of the Omegas tied themselves up in knots over it – they had only know abuse and neglect from the Alphas in their early lives and in the whorehouse. Whilst rationally they could comprehend that not all Alphas were the same, they were still terrified.
Sherlock gripped the edge of the sink with one hand, John with the other, as John fucked him. The discomfort he had struggled with earlier lasted barely half a minute, the pleasure was intense – John's cock was perfect! Deep inside him, touching him where no one had ever touched him before. Places he hadn't known longed to be touched. NEEDED to be touched.
“She was a prostitute.” I could barely hear his voice – and I was surprised enough that I almost didn’t hear his next words. “There were other men in the room – she... serviced... us all.” Sherlock grimaced. “Do you understand? I couldn’t protest... I couldn’t make excuses... I needed to be one of them...”
But now, the heat of Shane's breath, his tongue, his slow kisses... enjoying the feeling of Shane's hands on his flanks, of them traveling to grip his buttocks. John's fingers were a fist in Shane's hair. He pulled Shane's head back for a moment, breaking the kiss, just to show him who was in charge. Shane's small noise of arousal was gratifying and John kissed him again, deeply. Shane's skin was hot, his mouth lush and eager.
There was a note scribbled in the margin – something about prescribing Abilify. Sherlock frowned – Abilify was an antipsychotic. He scanned the rest of the chart, but didn't find any reason why an antipsychotic would be prescribed for this patient.
“Your reaction, it had to be authentic. They were watching. Any hint that it wasn’t real would have doomed us both. I Didn’t WANT to keep it from you, John. I didn’t want to do it at all! I wanted to stay with YOU – It’s not fair that I have to leave you! I’ve never been happier...”
Seeing Sherlock kissing someone had been strange and shocking.
Sherlock remembered viscerally that John had been tortured, that he had almost died.
John turned his head to see Moran hosing down the floor around the sling. “Why are we still alive?” He whispered. “How are we getting out of here?”
“I, too, need to be going.” Mycroft said, a faint smile on his lips.
“How... he can’t know that. You can’t know that.”
Hiding that from Moriarty had been paramount, which unfortunately meant hiding it from John. Needs must and all, but it chafed. I knew a relationship such as ours thrived on honesty...
“Lie down.” He said. “Let me rub your back.”
Could he send a message? He didn’t know. John had heard all sorts of things about what empathetic links could and couldn’t do. He hadn’t thought about any of it since his link with Sherlock was formed – it had seemed completely natural, not invasive or overwhelming. It felt like a part of himself he’d been missing.
“I will. Thank you for your help, Auntie.” Sherlock handed her the money and it disappeared into her rags.
Shane was quiet for a moment. Then he sighed. "I didn't mean to wake you." He said.
The cop – a strapping south asian bloke with wavy black hair, and a tag that said Officer Vaachaspati – opened his mouth to speak, thought better of it and hurried out with his fellows. I watched him go, curious how he knew Sherlock. And how Sherlock knew him – I had no doubt that Sherlock knew the man.
What was he doing here? Why had he come back? Standing there in HIS toilet, John making tea in their kitchen… THIS is what he had hoped for, but under very different circumstances. He desperately wanted to walk out there and put his arms around John, feel him relax in Sherlock’s embrace… that would never happen now. Why had he been so stupid?!
Lestrade glowered. “Beta noses aren’t that good.”
John had never expected to bond – not after seeing how Alphas treated Harry, teasing her, stalking her, making her life miserable. She had a Beta girlfriend now and half the Alphas she met would chat her up insistently in front of Clara and then get mad when she turned them down. And that was
“Think nothing of it.” Mycroft murmured and opened the car door.
Alone protected me, I reminded myself. Other people were the threat.
John scoffed. "Just... be kind. I'm not much of a writer."
"I could tell this Moran you're alive!" Shane was angry. "Offer to trade you for John."
"I was far from JUST a kid." I told him. "I went to the woods for sex, just like everyone else. You weren't the first man I met there." He still looked tortured. "Stop with the self-flagellation, Victor. I wanted you. You didn't hurt me." I felt impatient.
“No, it’s fine. Mary, it’s fine.”
“Yes.” Sherlock said with stunning certainty. “He was killed AND another patient in Critical Care died last night. Another patient that was recovering. I had a look at her charts, she was stable, her wounds weren’t life-threatening… yet she died.”
BAMF John lives!
Hands lifted me and I was carried into the cold. I opened my eyes again. All I could see was the black cloth of a military uniform and flashes of light. It was jarring, painful, being carried this way. It was freezing.
“Yes.” Mycroft agreed. Lestrade pulled out a chair for his new soulmate who sat after a slight hesitation. He watched Lestrade pull the other chair around, to sit closer, and begin setting the meal out in front of them. His eyes strayed to Lestrade’s cheek again, to the soulmark there. “I, ehm… I’m sorry if you’re disappointed.”
Sherlock sighed and pressed himself closer to John. “Mycroft probably put bugs in our bags anyway.”
Gunfire?
what happens to soulmates when one of you dies. Don’t do that to him.”
Point made. I checked to see that there was still a shell in the chamber, then pointed it at the gangly form that reminded me so much of myself.
Nazer had measured out two lines of cocaine this time and snorted one himself. Then he handed me the rolled tenge note and I snuffled it up.
I kissed him, my fingers in his hair. I was lying on my bed shirtless with my trousers undone and my cock out, next to my best friend, also shirtless, also displaying his prick. I liked him this way – his long, elegant form sprawled on my bed, pale and pink and perfect, smiling at me. Me! Sherlock burned with desire for me!
“Who is that?!” I exclaimed (keeping my voice down, of course). “He looks just like you!”
I had been up and dressed for hours the next day before John emerged, heavy-lidded and slow. I'd been contemplating whether he'd gotten drunk to gird his loins for sexual contact with another man – me – or if, drunk, he'd simply been uninhibited enough to attempt it.
“But I’m going to anyway.” I told him sternly. “Look, I’m your friend. I’m worried about you. Sherlock...” I slid my hand up his shoulder ... and for a second he relaxed. For a second I thought he would tell me. He even sighed a quiet little sigh and I saw something vulnerable in his eyes.
Sherlock sprang off the couch away from his mate. "Put your Alpha ego back in your pants, John." He said. "And
“Oh.” Sherlock said. “Boring.”
"Mrs. Krazinsky died last night."
I touched her sleeve and she looked back at me. “Seriously.” I told her. “You deserve better. Cut him loose.”
I wish you only happiness and joy.
“It’s very sexy how you do that.” I said.
“Mycroft pays you...?”
"With Shane, yes." John said. "This is the second time he's helped save you, so don't be a dick."
Oh. "Am I ... should I go?" I felt awkward. And uncertain.
Sherlock seduces Sebastian Moran.
I didn’t dare go near John again.
Angus was laughing. "Sherlock is more focused on you than anyone. He's obsessed – no, he's devoted to you. If he seems self-centered, it's because he's always trying to hide his feelings. Seems like he’s been doing that for a long time."
“After.” John said. “They make me sleepy and I need to check the wound first.”
“No.” Dr. Phelps said turning her attention back to John. “Gangrene is dangerous. We’d take the hand before that happened. But we aren’t at that point yet. As I said, there are some therapies we should try first.”
tell me you’re asking for a friend.” Sherlock moaned.
The Alpha tumbled to the ground, but rolled herself over her shoulder easily and popped back up onto her feet. She lunged at John, leading with her knee. John barely blocked it using both hands, only to feel the American’s hands on his head. Her other knee caught him on the chin. The blow hit John hard, and he reeled. He struggled to maintain his balance, but a roundhouse kick dropped him.
“Fine. I’m TAKING you to London.”
"I'm fine." He said disdainfully.
John takes Sherlock to hospital for treatment.
I knew I was in love with John Watson the moment John stepped out onto the deck of the swimming pool.
But if he could save his dearest John from this nightmare... there was no other choice. Sherlock would deal with the consequences later.
“Yes.”
I shut my eyes tightly, but was mortified when a tear escaped anyway. Even knowing Sherlock was alive, he wasn’t HERE. He was gone and I had no idea when he’d be back. Or who he’d be when he came back. “I know, Greg.”
“I don’t let them get complacent.” Sherlock pulled a folded wallet from his jacket and tossed it on her desk. Mummy opened it – it was Lestrade’s shield, his police ID.
“Isn’t it my job to tell YOU to eat more?” John asked.
“So set some boundaries.”
Harry snorted derisively. “I’m not going to die! A few drinks never killed anybody.”
Sherlock believed that his brother had good intentions. He'd always had good
Sherlock was silent for a moment. "We'll have to do this a lot ...until it's easy."
"It might have been kinder to let him go quietly – the worst was already over. Whatever life he has left will be… painful."
“Anywhere but London.”
"All the time." Sherlock kissed him again and John lost himself for a moment. "I love you, John."
“Dr. Watson just arrived. He’s with your brother now. If you’ll behave, I’ll bring him in – he’s not officially allowed in here, but–“
John had said that this meant nothing. He’d lied to Sherlock – lied to himself.
"Can you tell how long ago she was killed?" I cut him off. I knew what he meant.
He made a gesture that I realised was him tossing his phone away. “SHERLOCK!”
“You WERE very young.” John pointed out, as if I didn’t know. “And – as far as I can tell – you haven’t had a love relationship since I’ve known you.”
I'd wanted to touch his chest for so long... now that I was confronted with it, I felt frozen. I was struck with the thought that if I put my hands on John's naked flesh, I would wake from this dream.
John pushed his plate away. “This is Moriarty, innit.”
“Text me when you know anything.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock stared at John who stared at his shoes. "John." he said quietly. "Can't we talk about this on our own?"
Irritation crossed Sherlock's face. "I'm going to put him in prison where he undoubtedly belongs. In the meantime, we can't let him see me." He glanced between John and Shane. "If you want me to leave now, I can go out the back."
I picked up the lube and with a generous amount pressed my forefinger into him. Sherlock groaned appreciatively. “More.” He said.
He looked down at the short Alpha on the top of the wall. Sherlock could clearly see the mix of dark and light golden blonde hair on his head. He wasn’t much older than Sherlock, early twenties, and obviously a doctor. No, he was studying to be a doctor. Somewhere nearby lay an abandoned rucksack with the man’s books and notes and white lab coat inside.
"John..." I said, putting a restraining hand on his shoulder. "I see you've met Ravi."
"I - I'm not... I wanted to ask a favor."
“But you… you didn’t mind at all.”
Lestrade shrugged. “Timing. Bit naff sometimes.”
I laughed without humour. “She offered to finish the job.” I fingered a raised scar high on my thigh.
“As much as I’d like to take credit for that, I can’t. Jim killed himself.”
**I don’t need guards.**
"Look, I'm sorry."
"That's the one."
“Where are you going?” I asked, sleepily.
He overheard the doctor questioning the man in the suit - he was obviously one of Mycroft's. "...tied up and recreationally whipped? I'm not one to judge? But..."
“Do you think I should?”
“It’s too much,” John said again, his voice breaking.
It was love. A bitter, evil love for a horrible man.
John opened his eyes and saw Alfred still standing warily nearby, Molly clutched in his arms like a shield. The boy smiled at him tentatively... John swore internally – he had fought and beaten another Alpha, an Alpha who had
Victor finished his glass and poured himself another. “It was my fault. Of course it was my fault! But I didn’t know… how could I have known? I was new to the neighborhood. I didn’t know the family – I didn’t know anybody. But I should have asked… found out somehow…"
Sherlock advanced on him. "What have you done? You spoke to Moran." The flash of fear in Shane's eyes told him he was right.
“He was Seb’s partner.” She said. “Cam’s closest friend. And he saw something in me that no one else ever did – potential.”
I hailed a cab and held the door open for her.
"What have you done?!" Sherlock asked him.
Without looking up, Mycroft addressed the other Alpha. “Perhaps in a week or two, when you’re both feeling up to it, we can have dinner. Mummy is eager to meet you.” Sherlock huffed impatiently. “And… there are some… legal matters to discuss.”
Sherlock went on crying for a very long time, and John held him and murmured soft words into his ear and stroked the back of his head. “I'm here, I'm fine,” he repeated again and again.
(no oh no have been too slow, have thought too slowly, should have prevented it should have found him earlier shouldn't have called him from Madrid should have noticed the bath-room window should have ...)
140 words, all starting with M, all merged into John's POV of the hiatus. Enjoy!
John never does puppy-dog eyes on Sherlock. He has another way of reaching Sherlock. There is a certain expression on his face, mixed with a certain tone of his voice, that makes Sherlock do so instantly whatever John demands. It is in the way he says “Not here, it's a crime scene!” or “Sherlock, timing!”
Maddie takes her time drinking, but finally the bottle is empty. I heave her onto the changing table. There are three more postcards saying, “Thank you” hanging on the wall. The three weeks after the coloured lighthouse. People repairing the harbour after a flood. Tells me that he is slowly feeling better. Then, the small chapel near the beach. He has found a source of new strength. But then, the frigate at stormy weather. Relapse. Broke my heart once more.
John raised his head a little, still looking very surprised. “Staying together afterwards to cuddle?”
I stay inside my mind palace until it is time to sneak back into bed. There is no need for John to be concerned about me not sleeping, so I dutifully yawn when Rosie wakes him by singing loudly. She never yells for us in the morning, she always sings one nursery rhyme or the other. Funny girl.
Do I need to fill the gap? That has never been necessary between the two of us.
There is no embarrassment when I am with John that way, and what is happening now is so much more than sex. I need him, need to feel his joy, his lust for life. And he gives me what I need. Playfully, he moves a bit away from me, makes me follow him, steers us towards the bedroom that way. (No more sex in the living room since Rosie can leave her room and trot downstairs on her own.)
On the minus side, I have to admit that by working on those cold cases I have managed to isolate myself further from other people. Not good, Inner John tells me. He has his back turned to me and is even more translucent than last time he showed up. I dismiss him angrily.
People are idiots. People will never understand that Sherlock is in love, actually truly, madly, deeply, and obviously, and only and all the other clichés. It's a good thing that neither Sherlock nor John are one of them.
And he would never admit that those nightmares put him under stress. So Sherlock has to become a liar.
At noon of the fourth morning, the peace came to its inevitable end. It happened rather fast: a call from Mycroft, a frown from Sherlock, and before John knew what was happening, they were sitting in a train heading towards Umbria.
After two days I am sure that the sailor from 1934 is Arnulf Jögarson from the Norwegian ship “Irma”. (He left behind a wife and four children, one of them handicapped from polio. Today, there are three great-granddaughters still alive.)
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks for the prompt. “He didn't,” John said quietly, with an absent voice, as if not aiming at pulling the rug out from under Moran. “What?” Now John looked up at Moran, holding his gaze steadily, only for a few seconds. “He told me all about his plan after we returned from Dartmoor. The night the camera in my room was broken.” That brought him a sharp look from his captor. So Sherlock had been right, at least one of the unidentified cameras belonged to Moran.
Sorry for the delay. Many thanks to my wonderful betas for their quickness.
“You must be kidding me.” he says, voice strained.
“Sentiment” Sherlock spat at him. “I should have seen it so much earlier. But I didn't, because I didn't want to see it. Just like an ... an ordinary person.” He ruffled his hair in anger, then turned around to meet John's eyes. ”I know exactly why these four people had to die,” Sherlock stated, his voice now barely a whisper. Instead of explaining he stepped aside and let John look at the papers hanging directly in front of him. Another very bad sign.
“He left you broken, and didn't even care” Sebastian went on, unable to distinguish John's exhaustion and physical pain from his non-existing brokenness. Sherlock nearly smiled, and his facial expression returned to his regular arrogance when John lied straight-faced: “I never understood how he could be so cruel.”
“It looks a lot more impressive from the inside,” Sherlock had prompted the unspoken thought as they trailed around the building in one complete circle. “How did you...” John bit his tongue almost instantly, but it was too late. “Oh, a clever observation of your eye movement and the way your shoulders slumped slightly. Easy.” It looked even more ragged from behind, with parts of the back wall crumbling away and grass growing on the spurs. “Don't worry. Like I've pointed out already, the inside is more impressive than this. Just like that telephone thing in the TV show you forced me to watch.”
“Sherlock,” she sneers, “finally awake. See, John and I had started the loveliest chat while you were asleep, and I was only waiting for you to join us.” There is something lurking in her eyes. She is waiting for a certain reaction from me. Me being arrogant, most likely, for that would be my usual reaction to a pun like that. Well, better give her what she expects to find out what she is up to.
“And your acting abilities have clearly benefited from the heavy surveillance you've been under after my fall.” Now John began to understand what was going on in Sherlock's funny mind. “Good thing you have no difficulty telling when I was lying and when not,” he prompted, watching Sherlock from the corner of his eyes. “Of course” the consulting detective lied. Bugger!
(They are from Pottery Neolithic A of course. I have looked at them extensively.)
- best friend provides certain amount of danger
(My wrist starts throbbing. I miss him.)
“Brilliant performance,” it read, “keep mourning for the two deceased. Dasvidanya!”
I was falling in love with her.
The grim determination in his eyes only grows stronger when Big Boy places the noose around my neck and tightens it. The end is inevitable now. But I will hold on. I promised.
He had kept a jealous watch on John's treatment, reducing more than one doctor or nurse to tears for not being competent enough or foreseeing enough or not being nice enough towards John. His way of taking care, John assumed, and also his way of making up for everything he still felt guilty about.
Well, at least we have seen the last of him today.
I have the best betas in the world. :-)
He watched Sherlock's pale face flush a little. “2016,” he whispered.
He watches me closely again, his eyes wander up and down and up again in a second. I am sure he can deduce all the nightmarish visions that are dancing through my brain right now (the baby  that stopped crying) (The woman with the broken neck) (The old lady trying to unfasten her seatbelt.)
5th December
“... would have never known what happened to you, and if someone buried you or not,” John finishes my sentence and goes on, “And neither would Mycroft.”
Sherlock is sitting on the ground somewhere in London, leaning against a lamppost, without the slightest idea of where and why. His mind is too slow to figure it out. Coldness is seeping into his body, unpleasantly, disturbingly. His back is cold, his legs are cold, his left hand that is lying limp-wristed on the ground next to his body is cold. The only warm spot is his belly and his right hand that is pressed against said belly, for some obscure reason.
They both fall silent for a while. Sherlock remembers that first time he told John about people being idiots. It still feels incredible to see how far they have come since then.
John finally falls silent again and Sherlock can continue to listen to John's breathing. A warm feeling spreads in his stomach because he realises that John is alive and loving him and he will be listening to John's breathing for decades to come.
Who the hell thought that would be a good idea?
They look at each other, and Sherlock can see his own impending death in John's eyes. That idiot. He should be more concerned about the fact that he is fatally wounded as well!
I also wish he would let me give in. I have to blink. Could be that there are tears in my eyes. Not sure. I sigh. Exhausted, completely. Tired. Please, John.
Sherlock's memories of the fifteen month of his hiatus are painfully clear. Every detail, every second for ever engraved on his brain. He thinks about deleting most of it, about cleaning his hard-drive of this mess, but refrains from it, because he needs to tell John about it afterwards. He needs to tell him everything, so John can understand. If he will ever listen to Sherlock again, that is.
John managed to smile. “A lot better,” he answered. “I think we've got him back.”
He looks at me and I know that this sentence is the best Christmas present of all time.
For a while, Sherlock tries to handle it like he handles all kind of emotional problems. He ignores it.
“Met your sister there, love,” she goes on. Her voice truly happy. “Killing her really cheered me up after the water-boarding disaster Sherlock caused.”
(Love is still the most common motive for murder in the UK.)
(strange lump in my throat, never mind, he knows what I want to say anyway and ... what is that? Mycroft's hand on my shoulder AGAIN, need to start reacting in a harsh way to that soon or he will do it again and again. Need to stop liking it)
That people get hurt because …
Then it dawns to me. “You were happy,” I concede, and suddenly an immense relief floods my body and soul. “You were content with your life and had enough ways to compensate your stress. Most likely due to … to family matters.”
Sorry for the delay. Real life and stuff ... :-(
I think it is time to accept the fact that John broke my heart.
Daddy tries to come up with another argument, but Mummy insists, “No, I am absolutely sure. Those remnants came from a culture of the Pottery Neolithic B.”
She would kill John.
brushing his cheek with his thumb
The trip to the hospital takes nearly an hour. Sherlock, who usually goes from consulting detective to eccentric drama queen in three seconds when only having so much as a cough, is unusually quiet.
I am at a loss of words, unable to avert my eyes. Not comprehending the amount of anger behind his words. I am not expecting anything from him, am not forcing him to return my feelings. So why is he angry?
“John, I ...” I start, not sure how to vent all these little butterflies inside my stomach, “I … concur.”
I turn around to catch John's glance and share my enthusiasm with him, but his face is still unreadable.
All thoughts about the case shatter instantly. My stomach reduced to a hard ball of dread. Damn it. Damn her. Damn the situation. Damn my insecurity. If only …
Sherlock took a deep breath, opened his mouth and John unobtrusively kicked his shin. “How did he get in, then?” Sherlock asked instead, with the nicest smile on his face. “Well, through the open window.” “Without leaving any kind of footsteps on the freshly raked flower bed underneath the window? Without using the ladder that has not been moved in four weeks, according to the spider webs? Without disturbing the adhesive residues of a glass of coke that has been standing on the inside of the window sill three days ago?”
John cut him off. "Saying it doesn't make it true." He said. "I have to believe it."
"You don't like Victor very much." I observed.
Mycroft obeyed. “Drag?” He asked, holding up the cigarette. Mycroft took it from him and inhaled with the dedication of a serious smoker, blowing the smoke out the window. Lestrade watched it disappear into the cold night.
“It was awful.” I told him. “I’ve never felt that way... I was so angry. I wanted to hurt you... why would I want that? John? I’ve never wanted you to be hurt! I want to protect you!”
“What’s wrong, Sherlock?” I asked him last night.
John had pushed a stray curl off Sherlock's forehead and kissed his brow. "The flat's too quiet without you." He said.
"Ok, come with me." I walked him into the bog and undressed him – the piercings... still there, of course – and sat him on the toilet where he wept about his terrible hands. I drew a bath for him – a lukewarm bath. I was worried about his fever – hallucinations, body dysmorphia... not good.
“Did you think me incapable?”
“I’LL open the door.” I told him, taking the key. “You will wait in the stairwell – over there – until I’m certain he’s not in there.”
“Really? That’s great! Where is it?”
“John, I need to speak to you about Sherlock’s will. I’ll be back in town next week, would Tuesday be convenient?”
I DID end up going to Moran’s flat with Mary. But only because Lestrade was in court and I recruited him to join us. Mary couldn’t very well turn him away after all her fretting. She seemed exceedingly grateful to have him along.
“I have plans for you.” John’s hand wandered down to my prick, hard and straining against the fabric of my kimono. “As soon as I recover...”
I couldn't go to Hampstead Heath today. Not in the cold and treacherous ice. Not with my hip aching, pain spiking with every step.
The lowest is Mycroft’s bunker. If London is ever bombed again – even with a nuclear blast – Mycroft could survive indefinitely in his bunker. Despite the crates of food, water, medicines and other supplies for said indefinite survival, it’s quite spacious and comfortable. This is where I have been staying.
Moran caressed his cheek then his fingers grabbed and squeezed Sherlock’s jaw, yanking him forward cruelly for a last kiss. When he let go, his finger marks stood out bright red on Sherlock’s pale skin. When Moran turned and started to prowl around the room, Sherlock tested his jaw tentatively and winced.
Fuck.
"I'll close them." John said.
I wanted to cry in frustration. I was so weak...
“I tried.”
"Mmm." Sherlock said. John was yelling at them because he could. Because they were safe. Because if he were angry, he wouldn't have to feel the despair and self-pity. John could yell at Sherlock all day long, it didn't matter in the least to Sherlock. It was, in its way, a declaration of trust. And love.
"Oh, he's perfectly able to tell you to go to hell – he WILL tell you to go to hell. John's depression is very likely to cause him to try to isolate himself. He will use his mistrust and your guilt as a wedge to drive you away. But you can't let him."
I rounded on him, tearing my arm from his grip. “Don’t pretend you don’t know!”
"May I use your phone?" John asked as she finished texting. "I need to call in the cavalry."
"John..." All my frustrations came pouring out. "You said we'd work out the details! But we haven't! I don't know what you expect of me!? I don't know what you want! I know you're straight – you've reminded everyone often enough! Where does that put us?! Do you envision a... an affectional relationship?! Where we have sex on the side?! Or do you think we should give up sex entirely?! Because I don't think I can–"
“Jesus.” John muttered. “Is he even fourteen?”
But if he kept this up he’d injure himself – if he didn’t hyperventilate and pass out first – and be completely useless to his Omega.
“You have people?”
John could join Sherlock in the shower, have a few more minutes together. Jesus, he wanted to do just that. He could run his hands over that perfect skin, feel the lean muscle, the heat of his body... It would be so easy.
I stopped talking and waited, waited for John’s horror. He was such a decent man, so good. He had such high standards for himself – and for me. I had never been able to live up to John’s standards... and now...
"It's completely normal to feel that way, William. Tell me what you're afraid of."
“I don’t think he is! All this –“ Sherlock gestured widely. “The ridiculously public crimes, the trial, it’s theater. Don’t you see, John? He’s called me out: ‘Get Sherlock.’ That’s what he intends to do, ‘get’ me. I don’t know how, but I feel certain Moriarty doesn’t plan on going to prison.”
"He’s been like this for at least twelve hours." Sherlock said blandly. “What do you expect.”
“Mm.” John didn’t ask what sort of experiment would necessitate being under the kitchen table, which was fortuitous as that was a lie. I had been reading his emails to his girlfriend.
He turned to me, kissed me. His lips were soft and sweet, his tongue searching...
Putting Sherlock on top, allowing him the freedom to direct the proceedings – and to end them if he so desired – had succeeded in calming his panic. It was clear that I couldn’t do any of the things we were used to doing – I couldn’t take charge, bull him to the bed, hold him down, restrain him, I couldn’t lift his legs and fuck him, I couldn’t push him to his knees and shove my cock in his mouth. I couldn’t hold him in my arms whispering endearments and make love to him. I couldn’t top him at all, not right now. Our established dynamic, where Sherlock surrendered to my will with giddy delight, would only trigger his trauma now.
“No... Mr. – James, do you think
“Everything there… Everything there is Sherlock’s. Or reminds me of Sherlock. It’s too much. I’ll never get past this surrounded by all that.”
But John… John was different. Sherlock had known he was different the moment he’d caught his scent. And now the empathetic bond reinforced his impression. Yes, John had the aggression and ambition of every Alpha. But in him, they weren’t alarming – they were exciting!  John was
“What do you care? What difference does being third in line instead of fourth make?”
Sherlock gasped and moaned, my cock giving him pleasure. He wrapped his legs around my waist, his toes curling. I propped myself up on my elbows and he caressed my arms and torso as I fucked him.
‘He’s mine.’
“You’re awake.”
Without reflection, Sherlock had bitten John, sunken his teeth into the back of John's neck, embedding his particular bite pattern deep into John's flesh.
John undid the buttons at his cuffs and collar and pulled jumper, shirt and vest off all at once.
Sherlock would love him.
I breathed a sigh of relief. “So you have him. You have Moran in custody.”
John emerged leaning on his cane. He was carrying his coat – he hadn't paused to put it on – and he glowed from the effort of hurrying. His maroon jumper clung to his lean form, the muscles of his cane arm bulging. Desire ignited within me and I felt a little breathless. I wanted to run my hand down his chest, feel the iron under the soft wool.
And so, on the sixth day after Mycroft's death we help my parents pack their stuff and try to be brave when a black limousine takes them away from us, together with Emmi. When they are gone John goes to the bathroom, absolutely not to cry. Which is fine, because meanwhile I can hide in the kitchen where I also don't cry at all.
(voice harsh, exhausted, will succumb to fatigue and pain within the next six minutes but he's alive)
“Hello,” he says plainly, and Sherlock's hard-drive starts saving every detail on John's face and the look in his eyes and the curve of his mouth right now. How can someone not think that John is the most handsome being in the world? He feels like having hay fever and a heart attack at the same time. He still stares at John when he sits up.
My deduction skills are slowly coming back to me. I can tell tourists from inhabitants and deduce who will be patient with my muteness and who won't. But there is still a lot to re-activate. So, after walking the entire island, I start spending more time watching people.
And while Magnussen and John move on to go outside, it is still pulsating in my brain, matching my (highly elevated) heartbeat: No. Vaults. No. Vaults. No. Vaults. No. Vaults.
Then he imagines John dropping to the ground, hit in the head by a sniper, and a strange calm rises inside of him. He jumps. His plan is cunning and brilliant, of course, and it all works out perfectly.
and finally they were on a hot trail.
John, more or less, lives at Baker Street again. We have sex on every suitable surface (really, on every, I'm keeping track) and on a few unsuitable ones. To my utter surprise, it is not only an acceptable price to pay for John's presence in my life. No, it is (fantastic consuming earth-movingly) good. When it is time to sleep we go to bed together, and John does not disturb my sleeping pattern but improves it. When I hold him in my arms before falling asleep he presses his back against my front, so close that nothing can come between us. When he holds me he presses his nose into my curls.
He could sense concern in John's voice, hidden underneath the soothing sound. He tried to move again, and finally one of his little fingers obeyed. It was a mistake, for John's voice stopped instantly. The coldness around him felt even colder without that voice.
It had been impossible to fall asleep next to John. The second I close my eyes, I am back on the plane, feeling gravity pulling me down. I can even hear the sound of wind rushing by outside the cabin. The absence of the noise the engines were supposed to make.
“Thank you,” is what he says instead.
I follow John and Magnussen. Slowly. No vaults. No alternative. That's what you get from feeling perfectly happy for a while.
At a nod, Big Boy releases the ties around my wrists and my left ankle. Then he flops me around gracelessly and ties my ankle up again. He also ties up my wrists again, but I have more space to move my arms now. That way I am facing the ground, but could kneel if I wanted to.
He starts to open my trousers instantly.
“Hush,” I whisper back (rather smugly), “don't wake the baby.”
I suspect a letter from John but find a certificate. Signed by John, endorsed by Mycroft, only three days before his death. Why have I never seen it before?
“Did it never occur to you that one day before the wedding would have been a slightly better moment? Or a week before? A month? Any time before?”
I slowly make my way to the front rows of what is left of the cabin. It takes forever. I do not help the young man pleading for help, nor the woman who tries to unfasten her seat belt. There is pain every time I need to reach for one of the headrest to stabilize myself but I cannot make a connection to where I got hurt. Am I in some state of shock?
The five of us end up in the local pub, four of us telling each other stories of Mycroft, drinking way too much beer in the process.
I wake up with the ring of the shot echoing in my mind (once more), sweat drenching my sheets. My brain is still vibrating from the noise. My body feels like I ran a marathon in my sleep, every single muscle is tense.
My brain is capable of fooling me in cruel ways. (I never had a dog.) What if I pass John and he is so badly hurt that my brain will tune him out as well? What if that has already happened?
Wortleblythe's harbour barely visible in thick fog. Then the frigate from the side, a picture so common that it reflects his indifference very well. Then the town hall on an insignificant summer day. Indifference perfected. Then a boring mixture of common pictures. He is fading. Then another wild mixture of common pictures. He will soon be fading completely.
“How long does the ferry take now? Why is it smaller than the ferry at Dover? How many people are aboard? How many more would fit in? Why are there trees in the water? Where are the horse head seals? Why are they called that way when they don't have horse heads? How ...”
I can see it all on John's face, the pain, the hatred, the revulsion, the horror. Then the mourning that sweeps all other emotions away. If I still felt something myself, that look in his eyes would hurt me endlessly.
“You boys need some time on your own,” Mummy says one day, a pro pros of nothing. Daddy nods, and before John or I can protest, they book us a hotel in Flensburg.
“Diabetis melius,” John says. “encephalitis, concussion, hepatitis.” “Brain tumour,” Sherlock says earnestly, and John feels like a weight is sitting on his breast, slowly crushing him. “No” he answers determined and refuses even to think of that.
What happened afterwards is still a bit obscure to Sherlock, but it had ended not only with Harry, but also with John storming out angrily, leaving Sherlock on his own. Which made no sense at all, for Sherlock had clearly aimed at hurting Harry, not John.
“But we have to wait for two years before we know if it is really paralysed for good, is that right?” Sherlock had to ask.
Those hands were between his legs now, probing, finding. Sherlock writhed, but made himself stay where he was, under Moran. He heard Moran’s belt clink – he was opening his trousers. It would happen soon. Sherlock dug his fingers into the tiger’s fur – the beautiful, murdered tiger… he felt Moran’s erection pressing against his arse…
But he was still furious, still terribly, horribly hurt by what Sherlock had done to him, seemingly so easily. How could John ever forgive him?
“Executed!” I thrill of dread washed through me, tingling unpleasantly. “How much time is left?” I asked grimly.
“Stay away from him. He eats pretty boys like you whole. Won’t be nothing left when he’s done.”
The painting was... oddly disturbing. Vacant yet portentous in a way that made me feel anxious.
I’d always been vulnerable with John. I’d hidden it, masked it behind scorn and arrogance, but it had always been there for John. Now...now I didn’t have to hide.
He wondered how long it would take one of them to ruin it.
After a fair degree of eye-rolling, Sherlock complied.
“You as well.” Mycroft said, and the sky-blue jumper was rucked violently to his chest. Lestrade raised his arms and Mycroft pulled it off.
“No, he’s not.”
Sherlock scoffed.
“I don’t blame you for that, Mycroft. I blame Mummy. It’s not too late for you.”
“I’ll leave you alone to, erm ... you know.” Mrs. Hudson said, patting his arm. She walked away from John. The woman paralleled her path.
"How did you know I was with a man?"
The chart had said the dead man was 54 – young to pass in his sleep. A compromised immune system in hospital was an invitation for opportunistic infection, but the man had been improving. He could have had a stroke or a heart attack or any number of things, but in critical care, that should be noticed before the loved one comes to visit.
He would say, yes, but if so it was the nicest hospital he’d ever seen. Nicer than any hotel room he'd ever seen. It was light and airy, painted a cheery rose. Pale oak moulding decorated the door and window frames, the dust boards and chair rail. He lay under a lovely, soft wool blanket. It was rose, yellow and pale green and it complemented the room perfectly. There were fresh flowers on an antique bed table. Beyond his feet, there was a bay window looking out on trees and blue sky. Two chairs, upholstered in a classic flame pattern, sat near the bay window an occasional table between them. It smelled... pleasant.
“No!” They’d given Sherlock something and he felt better. It wasn’t heroin, it was something they give addicts to help them detox. Sherlock resented it thoroughly.
“Sit with me?” I said, happy to see my words erase the uncertainty in his face. He slid down beside me and I snuggled close. Sherlock almost purred with contentment. He kissed my head.
John scoffed. "Falling in love was the worst thing that's ever happened to you."
“I promise.” Sherlock stepped close to me and this time I didn’t back away. His large, elegant hands cupped my face and he leaned down to kiss me. “I promise.” He repeated between kisses.
"Of course I'm worried!" John cried, the dread pressing in on him again.
Mycroft shifted restlessly – he knew exactly to which Autumn Sherlock referred… followed by the coldest winter.  A silent pall filled the room momentarily.
"Just to do what you say."
"If you want me to stop..."
“No.” Sherlock told him. “Do you remember anything else? Try, Lestrade.”
"Really, he's mostly ok... but he lost a hand. It had to be amputated."
I swore. I had to see to her. I smashed the big man’s head into the wall again, stunning him. I switched my hold to a half nelson, choking off his air until he went limp. I lowered him to the ground, noting that I’d broken his nose. I rolled him onto his side into the recovery position, then checked his friend. The purse-snatcher was sitting awkwardly with his back against the wall where he’d dropped, still out cold. His pulse was strong, so I left him there.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand and placed it on his swelling stomach – he savoured John's incredulity. "Harder!" He groaned. "I need it, John! Fuck me! Fill me with your seed! Breed me!" The words surprised him, Sherlock wasn't certain where he'd learned them. But it didn't matter as long as John continued to shove his cock up inside him.
The flat was posh – or it had been before a body decomposed on the sofa – with high ceilings and dark hardwood floors. The sofa faced a window wall, black now with the bright CSI lights pointed at the corpse. The decor was spare, masculine, but it was difficult to get a real sense of it with the dozen or so police and CSI – and all their gear – in the room.
“Terribly. She moaned and whinged constantly. She was an athlete you know. She would never have been able to complete at an elite level again. She cried herself to sleep every night.”
John turned into a narrow lane and Sherlock had to drop back. When he emerged, he looked around trying to find where John had gone. He saw two things simultaneously...
Sherlock shrugged for Shane's benefit and stalked past John into the bedroom. He could hear John talking to Bruno, something along the lines of 'I expected better from you.' Sherlock ignored it. He tied his shoes and found the rest of his clothes. He put on the bloody tie, the waistcoat and the jacket. He wasn't going to put the whole disguise back on, he'd go out the back...
Sholto looked John over again, his expression more concerned. “No wonder you’re so pale. Should you be out walking around?”
Perhaps he’ll try to meet me halfway. We’ll have an affectional relationship – cuddling and kissing, sleeping together, caring for each other’s emotional needs – and have sex on the side as needed. Or would he expect that we’d both abstain? Maybe he’d let me blow him sometimes when he was feeling charitable.
It didn’t hurt that the former delivery boy, the man who’d attacked me, had ended up in the spartan infirmary whilst I appeared unscathed. After I broke his knee with a vicious kick, the fight was over. Unfortunately for him, I had a reputation for sadism to live up to. (Fortunately for both of us, I didn’t have a skinning knife.) Before the smuggler had someone pull me off him, I dislocated his broken knee to get him screaming, broke a few of his ribs with savage kicks and scuffed his head with the heel of my boot, opening a cut that bled all over the place. It did not appear that I was being careful to avoid damaging his head or internal organs.
"Yes."
"You feel guilty. For this." John lifted his left arm the barest amount, but his meaning was clear.
John threw back the blankets and stood up, not caring that the hospital gown gaped open in the back. He grabbed the overnight bag and stalked into the toilet, shutting the door firmly behind him. He saw himself in the mirror – a haggard middle-aged man whose ginger hair was graying rapidly, with dark circles under angry eyes. He tore off the gown. The bruises covering his body were even more lurid now, greens, yellows, purples, pinks, blues and blacks swirling across his skin. It was alien, the body he saw in the mirror, too thin and too strange to be his own.
Mycroft lay back and Lestrade followed him, planting hot kisses on his mouth and jaw, worrying an erect nipple. Lestrade found the lube again and slicked his cock liberally. He lifted Mycroft’s legs, kissing along his knees and lined himself up. He sought Mycroft’s eyes. “OK?” he asked. Mycroft nodded and Lestrade pushed in.
"He knows."
I felt his hand touch mine where I held my pint glass. “John, it’s Robin Hood, mate. It hits you funny sometimes, innit.”
“You know how emotional he can be. This is a big step – life changing. We should have expected something like this.”
"Is it?!" Mycroft insisted.
“You said that a few minutes ago!” I snarled.
“We were thinking that we had to stop your execution.” I told him.
That thought made me shiver. I HAD to protect John. To do that, I couldn't have the distraction of our stunted love affair. I had to talk to John, convince him to pretend none of this had ever happened until Moriarty was either in prison or dispatched some other way. Then he could move out or I would, whatever he wanted. I would deal with my heartbreak then.
“When did you find out? Did you feel betrayed?”
Us. How I wished there could be an us!
“Look here.” John said, folding back more of the plastic. “There’s something under her fingernail.”
"I'm shocked, John." Mariah said, leaning close to kiss me in a rather friendlier greeting than I was comfortable with. "You have mates OTHER than Sherlock."
...their cheeks...
“I know.” Sherlock replied tonelessly. John felt his dread with utter clarity.
Sherlock was with him, elegant as ever even in jeans and an old jumper. He was disheveled too – had he been sporting with Moran? Was that part of the price he was paying to get John out? Or was it a bonus? According to John, he could come on very strong when he wanted something – did he want Moran? Shane couldn’t tell, Sherlock’s body language was determinedly neutral – he didn’t shy away from Moran, but he didn’t touch him either.
I nodded, accepting his apology. “I knew Todd irritated you.” I confessed. “It was stupid, but I wanted you to be jealous.”
Was he the sniper? The man who’d claimed Moriarty as a friend?
Mycroft untied his own shoes. He elbowed Lestrade. “Hurry up.” He prompted.
“Sure, yeah.”
I hadn’t deduced why yet. Vino didn’t want me – he’d been the first to fuck me and he hadn’t shown any particular interest beyond making sure it hurt. If he wanted me, he’d have me. I’d be in one of his cells, not Nazer’s. Nazer wanted me, that obvious. He was even, occasionally, tender with me, stroking my ribs and legs where the caning hadn’t ripped my flesh. Sometimes he instructed me to kiss his neck and chest (never his mouth, HE wasn’t a fag).
Negation. This, whatever it was, wasn’t Sherlock’s brother.
"Eugenics.” Sherlock said. Lestrade had come to Baker Street to wrap up the murder cases. John, just home from hospital the day before, sat on the couch. His left arm was in a sling, but he looked quite well otherwise. Sherlock sat next to him. Mycroft had joined them. He stood at the window, leaning against the desk, impassive as usual.
He propped himself up on his elbow and looked down at me. His ginger hair was tousled and his eyes were sleepy, he was still damp from our exertions and there was cum in the fur on his chest. My cum. I couldn’t help but smile at him.
And then…
They were all three-flats. The mailbox on the boyfriend's listed 'F.Pope-Greene,' 'S.Nellingsforth,' and 'S.Bruno.' Sherlock walked around the block and down the alley behind the homes. He scaled the fire escape on the house opposite, careful not to disturb the occupants. The first floor flat was dark. The second floor was lit but the rooms Sherlock could see into, the bedroom and the toilet, were empty. He waited. It was a few minutes before an elegant woman entered the rooms and turned out the lights, then left.
The hunter wore handmade wingtips – expensive! – a blue suit and a bespoke dark green overcoat. A clothes horse. He had a full head of blonde hair in a military style cut, he was handsome in a cruel way, his mouth twisted in fury. Sherlock watched a group of children scatter and hide at his approach. Sherlock didn't blame them.
The next afternoon James Moriarty had arrived… and everything went to hell.
That took Moran a moment to digest. Sherlock saw his denial, his distress, his ultimate acceptance in the microexpressions that crossed his face.
Shane pet his hair and made soothing noises. John could feel his confusion, but it was a while before he could speak.
“That would fit.” John said. “What do you think it means?”
he’s addicted to heroin. The last time... detoxing wasn’t... pleasant. I think he’s afraid to let you see him in that state ...”
“We set up camp on the edge of the jungle and staked out a goat and waited. She stalked our camp for two nights before she finally came for the goat. One of the men took a shot. He hit the beast, but he was sloppy. She ran off – god, she was beautiful, big as horse and vibrant orange. I tracked her and found the drain. It was old and overgrown. The village had largely forgotten about it. But she – the tiger – had been using it..."
"Gereth, what are you doing?" I glanced back and saw Victor standing in the center of the hallway, intercepting his hotheaded lover.
"It makes a difference, Sherlock. All right, all right, fine. Just promise me you won't sulk or throw tantrums when I go see Shane."
"These were delivered to his townhouse." Sherlock told him, picking up an envelope from the desk.
"Midnight."
She sighed. “There’s no more time.”
I struggled to catch my breath. “Not much longer now.” I said. “Then we’ll make new memories.” I wanted to hold him forever, never let go.
“He is, though. Completely charming. Don’t you think?”
Sherlock was glad. It hurt to hear John's voice soft and intimate with someone else.
“Bog’s downstairs.” He said.
I sighed. I was trying – and rather failing – not to feel deeply hurt.
"Would that be so terrible?" Her expression silenced his protest. "Sherlock, maybe if you and John were together, THAT would get rid of the distraction."
Is that what whipping his arse had been about? Torture to make John talk? Moran hadn’t asked any questions. He hadn’t spoken at all.
Sherlock smiled at me but it was troubled. I took both his hands in mine. “Sherlock...” I said. “I miss you desperately. I want nothing more to be with you – because I love you. I love you. All of you. Everything about you. And it’s been so hard to just... wait. Knowing you’re in danger, knowing you’re suffering... and not being there for you... that’s the most difficult thing I’ve ever had to do.”
"I can't say I blame him for that!" John said. "I mean –"
Lestrade knew this first hand — he’d been with Sherlock when the bright oceanic blue on his fingertips faded to grey.
“Yes.” His brother replied. “After interviewing the rescued Omegas and going over the medical records Sherlock found at the brothel, we’ve determined there are at least thirty carefully bred infants… somewhere.”
"No." Sherlock said. "He's with John. John and I... we're friends."
With his last conscious thought, Sherlock realized he was fainting.
Sherlock looked out the window again. The grounds were lovely and verdant. Sherlock particularly liked the shrubbery – it stood four meters and wound around the gardens. A parking lot spoiled the view.
