"No, daddy I'm sorry!" She says.
Dean nodded. "Fuck yes, Cas."
Cas orders a beer for both of them, which is already a step up from his drink earlier, because he's definitely a beer man. When the waiter sets them down in front of them, Cas watches as Dean takes a hesitant sip.
Cas opens the envelope and pulls out a check, then shakes his head and grabs his phone, typing out a text to Dean.
"Whatever. Just sit down" Dean grumbled, grabbing a bowl from Sam and setting it in between he and Cas.
Dean slides his hands down his stomach to the button on his jeans, popping it open, then slowly sliding the zipper down. Cas bites down on his bottom lip in anticipation, fingers itching to hurry him along.
Dean's puppy dog eyes had nothing on Sam's, but they still melted Cas' heart.
Nodding, Cas pushes at Dean's pants again. "Yes. Want you to fuck me." He can feel a shiver go through Dean with his words, then Dean is nodding and moving down to pull Cas' pants off.
"Dean-" Cas started.
As he walked in and sat down in his previously occupied chair, Sam looked up with a questioning look.
Fern Guy takes it. "I'm Castiel Novak. You can call me Cas though if you'd like."
"Amazing." Dean rolled away and stretched. "I don't know what you do, but the last two nights have been the best sleep I think I've ever gotten."
Courtney laughed "that obvious, huh?"
"Yes, I am just... awesome." He said.
Dean opened his eyes and crossed the kitchen to stand in front of Cas, ignoring his raised hand.
"What's wrong?" He looks concerned, but his eyes are blown wide with lust and he's panting and Cas can see that he wants this.
Dean could feel his length straining against his jeans, growing even harder from the words.
Shrugging, Dean feels himself blushing again. "Not really. It was the right thing to do."
Sam sighs. "Hang on a sec." Cas' heart is pounding with anticipation. If he can just get Dean on the phone, he can fix it.
"Dean" Cas said. Dean kept his eyes squeezed shut. "Dean, look at me."
Dean wakes up that morning to loud voices floating down the hall and through his closed door, and his heart clenches at what he knows is Cas' voice.
Guessing where she was going with it, Dean turned back to her and said "He's the first guy I've been with. Actually, hes the first guy I've ever wanted to be with. Though, technically hes not a guy, but the concept still applies. I'm not gay. I just... Its just Cas."
Dean smiled, taking his shot a second later.
"Cas-" Dean says, about to insist again that it wasn't his fault.
"Hello, Dean." Cas says, and Dean's mouth quirks up in a small smile. Cas' hands slide down to Dean's neck, and then they're just standing there, so close, staring into each others eyes and it feels like he's finally
"No. I have to be here. She's my best friend dad. You wouldn't leave your best friend alone at the hospital, would you?" She says. Her stare is so intense he's taken aback.
"Dean" Cas moans into his mouth, he wants to tell him he's close, that he's going to come if they don't stop, but Dean holds tighter to him, thrusts up against him and the words are lost.
: Nah, you earned that.
Cas' heart started to pound. Could this be real? He couldn't believe Dean had just said those words to him.
Cas walks to the edge of the deck and tries again, louder. "Dean? What are you doing?"
Dean shrugged. "He wouldnt tell me where we're going. And... God this sounds so girly... I dont even know what to wear. In this life we live, my wardrobe consists of hunting clothes, and relaxing clothes. And the occasional fake suit. But, this is special. So... Yeah." Dean finished, hoping she got where he was going with it.
Cas doesn't know what to think of this. A small bubble of hope wells in his chest, but he pushes it down. This is just an excuse, an easy explainable cover for what really happened. He can't let himself be fooled into believing a lie, no matter how much he wants to.
Dean sets his phone down and stews in misery for the next ten minutes.
Cas stood up and picked the pants up, sliding them on.
Cas whips back around so quickly, it almost knocks Dean over. "I trusted you!" He says in a quiet hiss. "You told me about all those different schools, all those different people you fooled around with and then left. You said it was different. That I was different! You said you'd never do that to me."
"Man you werent joking." She said, digging further back, looking for something that probably wasnt there.
When did his daughter get so observant? He thinks about it for a minute before replying. "There's not. We're friends, and that's it." It actually kind of hurts to say, but it's the truth.
Removing the rest of his own clothes, Cas pulls out a bottle of lube and a condom, and kisses Dean again while he lubes up his fingers and rubs them over Dean's hole. Dean pushes down against him, and Cas let's his finger breach the rim, pushing in gently and marveling at how amazing Dean looks like this, flushed and panting and needy.
Cas attempted to turn around, but Dean griped him tight keeping him in place.
"I missed you too." Dean's hand runs along Cas' stomach. "Do you think..." Dean stops there, and Cas looks down at him. Dean looks back up, and shifts. "Do you think you could come home?" He asks quietly.
"Hello, Dean."
Cas looks at the girls, then back at Dean, rolling his eyes as his lips quirk up in an almost smile. Claire most definitely takes after her dad.
Dean once again moved his lips from Cas', down to his neck, sucking more small marks as he went. He didn't stop at the neck this time, having access to a whole expanse of beautifully naked skin beneath him. Dean kissed along Cas' collarbone, down to his chest, stopping to suckle on his nipple. As Dean flicked his tongue out over the hard nub, he felt Cas buck beneath him, pressing his cock harder into Dean's hand.
Cas leans in more, and in a desperate attempt to feel more, he swings his leg over Dean until he's straddling his lap. He has a brief moment of panic that this is too much, but then Dean's hands grip his hips, and their lips meet again, and it's wonderful.
Dean realizes he's staring and should probably be moving the bus about now, so he closes the door and pulls back into traffic. A while later, the man drags the fern off the bus at his usual stop, and Dean watches as he starts to pull it down the sidewalk.
Cas picked up his discarded shirt, and Dean's ruined one, and left the livingroom.
"Yeah. I havent eaten since Sam forced me to yesterday morning. I guess I'll make something. You want some?" Dean asked.
"Just throw it over there" Claire responds, gesturing to the side of the room where at least 3/4 of her boxes still sit, full.
Claire puts the phone to her ear again. "Hey, can I call you back in a few? Alright, thanks. Bye." She says, before ending the call and setting the phone on the bed next to her.
Dean reached his hand out and grasped ahold of Cas' hand, turning and leading him into the shower stall.
"Cas wait" he said. He stopped directly behind Cas.
On the first day, after Dean had wandered around the bunker looking for him to no avail, he retreated to his room, and his liquor supply, pounding through an entire bottle before noon.
Once they'd grab the table, Dean said "first round's on me. What do you guys want?"
They heard Sam stirring. "Whyd you turn it off?" He asked.
"Please turn around and look at me."
The smile slips from Dean's face, heart dropping into his stomach. "Ah, okay. Sorry, I didn't know you were... dating." He wants to say seeing someone, wants to know how they met, and what this guy has that Dean doesn't, whatever, but it's all too much and he really just wants to go back to this morning when he was happy, or even ten minutes ago when he was just tired and not heartbroken.
Sam stood up and walked around the table. "Let me make you breakfast. Grab a seat."
Cas sat up. "I'm glad I can help."
"Damnit, that was too fast" Dean said, as he rolled off of Cas and stood up from the bed.
"I didnt say a word" Sam replied, still smirking.
Dean tugged at the hem of Cas' shirt, and Cas pulled back long enough to pull it off and do the same to Dean's. He slotted their mouths back together, and turned Dean around, walking them toward the bed. He laid Dean down on his back, and as Dean scooted up in the bed, Cas crawled over him, draping his body over Dean's. Cas' sense were overloaded. Smell, taste, feel; everything was Dean.
Dean started to move his hands in small circles on Cas' hips, lifting his shirt up a bit to get to more skin. Cas leaned into the touch, feeling himself growing hard in his pants. He could feel Dean's hardness pressing against his ass, and pushed his ass back against it.
Dean feels fingers carding through his hair and opens his eyes to get a sightful of Cas. "Hello, Dean." Cas says, a small smile pulling at his lips.
Cas looks down at the clothes he's been wearing for days, then back up at her. "Yeah buddy, come on," she says, standing up and pulling him to the bathroom. He's shoved inside and he makes himself shower, coming out to clean clothes sitting on the counter. Once he's dressed, he heads back into the living room and slumps back onto the couch.
"I'll be here when you're done," Dean promises, like he can read Cas' worries. Cas nods again, and pulls away, heading to the bathroom.
Cas' heart fell into his stomach. This was it. Dean was going to tell him that he couldnt do this. That it was too much. That he didnt think they could make it work.
He rides it out, slowing down until he stops and slumps against Dean. Dean's arms come around him, and Cas lets himself be held for a few minutes before rolling off, disposing of the condom, and grabbing a washcloth to clean them up with.
Things are awkward for a couple of minutes, but then Gordon starts talking about cars, and Dean remembers why he felt a connection with this guy. The conversation is flowing easily now, and Dean's getting more comfortable. He even tries a sip of the wine, and forces himself not to make a face or spit it out, because it's just
He picks up his phone and shoots his daily reply to Dean, then buries his face in his pillow. The couch isn't the most comfortable thing to sleep on, but at least he can get a few hours here and there, unlike in his bed. The memories of Dean are too strong there, and he tried a total of one time, after that first night, to climb into bed. After several hours, he stumbled back downstairs and has been on the couch since.
He's falling for Dean, all over again. Or, maybe he never stopped.
Dean slowly turned around. Looking into Cas' face, he started to feel even more nervous.
"Thank you." He says to Gabriel, taking it. "Goodbye." He says to both of them before walking out, determinedly not look at Dean again.
Dean walked back over to his seat, setting his glass down and sitting down next to Cas again. He leaned over, getting close to Cas' ear, and whispered "you shouldn't volunteer to do research, have I taught you nothing?" He leaned back a bit, and winked.
Cas crawled back up Dean's body, placing kisses all the way up until he reached his mouth.
Dean slows it down, gentle swipes of his tongue, pulls back and lightly nibbles on Cas' bottom lip before pressing another kiss against it. Their lips part, but they're still so close, breaths fast, tasting each others air.
The drive was nice, but it was over too soon. Before Dean knew it, he was pulling into the garage and getting out of the car.
"Okay" Cas replies, and Dean can hear the sadness in Cas' voice. He kisses him again, and heads upstairs. He knows he's hurting Cas by being this unhappy, but he can't just quit without a backup option. He's worked his entire life, since he was old enough, never depending on anyone else for anything and he can't start now. He'll just have to figure out a way to hide his feelings about his job. To stop putting all his problems on Cas.
Cas absentmindedly flipped the pages of the open book in front of him.
"Who's Sammy?" She asked, flipping through the book in her hands.
"It's not that, I just don't want to waste your time." Cas says, looking down.
He knows what to do.
Dean knows this because he absolutely doesn't ever stare at the guy as he's boarding. He hasn't noticed his shock of dark unruly hair, or his piercing blue eyes, or his large hands with the long nimble fingers as he flashes his bus pass.
"Oh, I'm just helping Dean. With his date." She grinned, walking past Sam and heading for the hall.
"Why?" Cas asked.
So, he doesn't pretend, but he does let himself have a few more minutes of this closeness before he rouses Cas awake, and watches as he stumbles half asleep down the hall to his room before cleaning up their dinner mess and turning everything off. Dean locks up, brushes his teeth, and falls into his temporary bed, alone, just like every other night.
He can't stop his hands from running over every inch of Dean he can reach, and when Dean pulls Cas' shirt off, Cas reaches down to do the same. Their naked torsos press together and Cas never wants to forget the feeling. He digs his nails into Dean's waist and presses against him harder, grinding their bodies together until he can feel every single hard inch of Dean against him.
Dean's in the middle of another movie when he hears a knock at the door. It's late, so he's a little worried about it, and he pauses the tv and heads to the foyer to look through the peephole.
"That sounds nice." Cas says, and it does because black tea ice cream is his favorite and it's actually pretty hard to find.
Cas bites his lip, and he's shifting around nervously now. "If this is too forward, I apologize, but... I would like to take you out and show you what a good date looks like."
"Its fine Cas, just leave it" Dean said, taking another bite.
A moment later, he felt someone pressed to his side, and looked up into Dean's face, only inches from his own. "You couldn't wait for me to get done?" Dean asked jokingly, gesturing to the shot glasses.
Dean makes it to the hospital quickly, and helps the woman off the bus, a nurse rushing outside as soon as she sees them. The woman in labor mumbles a 'thank you' to Dean as she's escorted inside, and Dean feels really good that he got her there in time.
"Perfect. Gorgeous. Beautiful. Amazing. I love you." Cas whispers into his skin, and Dean shivers under him, hands tangled in Cas' hair.
"I can't, I'm sorry." Cas says, but he doesn't look sorry exactly.
Dean's stomach growled. He took a deep breath and dug in, eating every bite on his plate. When he was finished, he looked up at Sam, now sitting across from him. "Thanks Sammy."
"Please, don't be." Cas replies, fear replaced with worry. "Dean, I'm sorry-"
Cas rolled to the side, off of Dean, and pulled Dean against him. Dean rested his head on Cas' bare chest and yawned.
Peering up through his eyelashes, he watched Dean's face. Dean was staring down at him with a look of wonder and pleasure.
When the alarm goes off, Cas stops what he's doing, no matter how hard it is to not finish what he's in the middle of, and goes inside to take a shower, messaging Dean on the way to ask if he's still coming over.
He misses his house. Misses the old creaks in the stairs, the rounded archways, the high ceiling in the foyer. He misses the kitchen, the chipped island counter, dancing around and cooking. He misses his garden, the flowers blooming, the bench where he spent so many summer evenings.
Dean laughed, climbing out too. He waited until Cas got out, then motioned for her to follow him.
Dean returned and set a beer in front of Cas, taking his seat back with his own beer.
Dean cut him off. "Really man, I'm good, I promise. When you're not completely spent."
: That is unnecessary. I will bring it over shortly.
"I'm sure you'll love it" Emma continues to talk. "You could probably just stay once school starts again too. Seriously, it'll be so awesome."
Cas moved his lips down to Dean's neck, sucking new marks into it. 'More... more... more' he thought to himself. "More, Cas" he gasped out. "I want you."
Cas could hear Deans breathing even out. "Dean?" He whispered. He knew he was asleep. Cas leaned his head down and pressed a kiss to the top of Dean's head.
Cas smiled, and climbed out of the bed. "Yes, I'd enjoy that."
Cas wakes up optimistic. He's going to see Dean tonight, and that always puts him in a good mood, and that's the exact kind of mindset he needs to peruse craigslist for potential new projects.
Dean reached back, grasping Cas' hand in his, and continued to stand defensively in front of him. "No." He said firmly.
"Damnit" Dean whispered, more to himself than to Sam.
Cas pulled back and looked at Dean questioningly, slight head tilt and all.
Cas is a lot less optimistic the next morning than he was the previous day. He worked late, and once he'd drug himself to bed he barely slept.
"I can drop you off in the morning, but I have more work to do so I cannot stay, and you can't push me to stay like you've done every time." Cas says, giving her a stern look.
They heard a cough, and pulled apart to look up at Sam, who neither had heard approach. "I guess you're okay now?" He asked.
Continuing to suck Dean down, Cas covers his fingers in the lube and warms it up before pressing a digit against Dean's hole. He can feel Dean tense, so he doubles down his efforts with his mouth and when Dean relaxes, he easily slides one finger in up to the first knuckle. He works it around until he can get it all the way in, stretches him some more, and gently pushes in another one.
Dean stopped, and looked up at Cas. "I need you. Please."
Cas is clinging to Dean, fingernails digging into his back as his orgasm draws closer, arousal and pleasure swirling through him, clenching in his stomach, sweat dripping down his neck. He's holding Dean as close as they can get, his stomach sliding along Cas' cock on each thrust, giving just a small bit of pressure. Dean's angle is just right, the head of his cock passing against his prostate each time, and he's so fucking close.
It's so reminiscent of the way he woke up yesterday that it sends a sharp pain through Dean's chest. "Call Bobby and tell him I'm sick," Dean replies, before burying his face back into the pillow.
He unlocked the bunker door, and led her down the stairs into the war room.
Dean turned to Cas, looked him in the eyes, and said "Okay." Here goes, he thought to himself. "When you kissed me, I panicked."
Slowly, Dean moved his head back, using his tongue to add pressure.
With a side smirk at Dean, he turned the page of the book in front of him.
"I was miserable. I spent 4 days in bed, but I feel like I havent slept. I kept dreaming about that look on your face. And I was worried you'd never come back." Dean said.
Cas took another step backwards, and his back hit the wall. "She's been all over you. All night."
"Yes Dean, research. Now if you'd kindly go back to what you were doing so I can finish, that would be nice." Cas looked so serious.
Dean shook his head. "Nah, we only kill monsters."
"Hey, buddy" Dean says, and the man starts, turning his eyes to Dean. He doesn't stop moving his hand, looking Dean up and down with a salacious grin. "Get off my bus, now" Dean says, trying to keep his anger under control, trying to keep the other passengers from being subjected to this.
Dean shook his head. "You have no idea."
Sammy was right, he needed to fix this, but he didnt know where to start. So he started with the easy stuff. He got out of bed and pulled everything off of it, bundling it up and throwing it in the bottom of his closet to be washed later. Then he replaced it with fresh bedding.
After a few minutes, Cas could feel Dean's body relax beneath him, so he started to put a second finger in, stretching him even further.
Reaching into his pocket, Cas can feel himself shaking as his fingers close around the box he's hidden for months, waiting for just this moment. He slowly pulls it out, and watches Dean's eyes go wide as he registers what Cas is holding.
Cas shakes his head. Of fucking course it was Gabriel. Who else would it be? Gabriel Can't-Mind-His-Own-Goddamn-Business Novak.
Cas stopped walking, but didn't turn around. This was bad. Maybe he could just blame it on the alcohol. Or run home and pretend he didn't remember any of this tomorrow. Fuck, how could he be so stupid. And why the fuck had Dean come on stage? What the hell did this mean?
"I just want to make sure you know what you're doing. That this isnt just some lust filled fantasy. As much as I'm enjoying this, I dont want you to regret it afterwards."
Cas took his time, and by the time he arrived at the bar it was ten past eight. As he entered, he looked around and found Dean sitting, two tables pushed together to accommodate the group of people with him. He had an empty chair on one side, and the art teacher Anna on the other.
Walking it back over, Dean puts it into the cage, closes the door back and makes sure the lock is secure before looking at Fern Guy.
But Dean says "you'll always be needed" anyway, because he will be, and he should know that.
As they washed themselves, Dean finally got a chance to look over Cas' body. His strong beautiful amazing body. From his hard fit chest, down to his muscular thighs. He really was amazing.
'Say the words. Just say them. He wont reject you. He'll leave. No he wont. This is Cas. I want him. I need him. I lo- damnit. Say it.' Dean's head was screaming at him now.
' sound and watches him like he's supposed to understand what it's saying.
Cas closes his eyes, and hopes for sleep to give him just a few hours reprieve from his misery.
Pushing Dean away is really fucking stupid, and he knows it. That's the other thing he spent all night thinking about. The sad defeated look on Dean's face when Cas drove away, it haunted him all night. He should pick up the phone and call him. He should, but he can't. He's scared. What if he freaked Dean out by his own freakout? What if Dean wants to call this off, to break up, because Cas pushed him away? He can't face it, not yet, not today.
Cas takes Dean's suggestion, and heads to Singer's the next morning after getting Claire off to school and consuming copious amounts of caffeine.
It is, by far, one of the best kisses he's ever had. Cas knows what he's doing, pushing all of Dean's buttons with his tongue, his hands holding Dean's hips against the wall, bodies flush together. It's amazing, and perfect, and Dean needs to end it soon before he does something stupid.
They kissed for another minute, before Cas pulled away, moving his lips down Dean's neck to his chest. He wanted to worship Dean's body, kiss and touch every inch, find what made him writhe and squirm with pleasure. But his cock straining against his jeans was making it extremely hard to focus.
Cas doesn't know what possesses him to do it, but he reaches over and lays a hand over Dean's on the table. It's warm, and rough, and a shiver runs through him at the contact. He only leaves it there for a moment before pulling his hand back and putting it in his lap, but the connection was made, the comfort given. As much as Cas hurt over Dean leaving, Dean never deserved the same to happen to him.
Dates have never been this easy for Dean before. It's like they just connect, flowing easily from one topic to another. Cas makes him laugh, with his deadpanned sarcastic comments, and Cas can't stop smiling at the stupid references and dumb jokes that Dean makes.
"I love it." Dean replied.
"Dean" Cas' voice drifts into his ears, so real, deep and gravelly just how it always is in the morning. "Come on." A shake to his shoulder has Dean's eyes blinking open to look up at Cas leaning over him.
Dread fills him as the voicemail continues, and before it's even finished he's standing up and pulling money out of his wallet to throw on the table.
Dean settled back against Cas' leg. He was suddenly nervous, though he wasnt sure why, as hed been fine through the entire last movie. He was now extremely aware of every point on his body that was touching some part of Cas.
Surprised, Dean stood there for a moment before wrapping his arms around Cas and pulling him against himself.
He sits back on his haunches and throws the jeans to the floor, unable to tear his eyes away from the hottest thing he's ever seen. Dean is panting below him, a thin sheen of sweat coating his body. He's straining in the light blue panties, a dark spot on the front where he's leaking, and Cas
Around the corner, Dean attempted to get his breathing under control. 'Its fine. Everything's fine" he kept chanting to himself.
Dean shakes his head, because he's not really that great. He has a storage unit with some of his old pieces in it, and he took Cas there once. Cas had seemed impressed, but Dean figures he's pretty biased.
"Okay." Sam sat down on the edge of Dean's bed, facing him. "What happened?" Sam's voice softened.
Dean has been living with Cas for about a month, and he's happy. Well, mostly happy. Home life is good, Cas is great, and he has more now than he ever thought he could have.
"For the last time Sam, I dont know what happened. I just heard him say my name, then nothing. Hes not praying, and I cant gain access to his head which means he isnt concious. Please drive faster."
"Courtney. I asked her what I should do. She told me just to think about what you liked, and go with it. I found the museum. But this place." Cas gestured in front of him. "This was her." Cas looked at Dean then.
He slows down as he works them through it, arms trembling, barely able to hold himself up. When the waves of pleasure have stopped, Dean grabs him around the middle and he slides out as Dean pulls him down until they're laying next to each other, pressed close.
Dean walked over and sat on the side of his bed, motioning for Cas to follow him.
"Oh yeah?" Dean asked.
She agrees, and they head outside so he can make the phone call. Charlie says the girls decided to head home and that they weren't upset at all and that they'd for sure do it again another time. Dean tells her that's good because Emma insisted they stick around so he has no idea when they'll be home. Charlie makes knowing noises and Dean hangs up before she can say anything.
It's in that moment that Cas realizes he's so completely gone on Dean that there's no coming back from it. He's never felt this way. It's terrifying and exhilarating and astonishing.
Dean's heart drops to his stomach, and he turns away before Cas can see the disappointment in his face. He'd actually thought they might have more together than just sex, but clearly he misread the situation. "Alright then. Well, thanks for last night." Dean says, as he heads back to the counter and mindlessly starts scooping grounds into the coffee maker.
"Good" Dean says, a beautiful smile on his face. "Me too." Dean's arms come around him, and Cas' do the same, holding onto each other. "Do you think-" Dean starts, but he hesitates.
"Yes I know, you'll take an angel blade to me." Cas replied, grabbing the keys. He smirked and got in the driver's side, while Dean slid into the passenger and Courtney climbed in the back.
"I'd like to meet them before sending my daughter in there." He replies, like that should be obvious.
"I don't think-" Cas starts, but is cut off.
Cas is silent while Dean gathers his thoughts, and his courage. "Back then, the day I left, my dad found out about us." He says quietly, not raising his head. "I don't know how he found out, but he did. And when he confronted me, I couldn't deny it. Couldn't deny you. You didn't know how bad it was, before. Nobody did. But, when he found out..."
"What kind of help?" He asked.
"Dean Winchester, I love you. I loved you seventeen years ago when you made me feel like the most important person in your world. I loved you even when you left, when it hurt not to see you or even hear your voice. I loved you through all those years of heartache. I loved you the second you opened that door for me all those weeks ago. And I love you right now, standing here, even more than I thought possible, because of everything you said. You protected us as best you could, and gave up something you wanted in order to do that, and I will never ever be able to tell you how admirable that is. You're right, I shouldn't forgive you because there's nothing to forgive. You did nothing wrong."
Perfect.
"Charlie" Dean hisses, and she throws him a look but turns her smile back on Cas.
"I need another drink" Sam said, standing up. He walked over to the drink cart, pulled a full bottle of jack from the bottom, and brought it back to the table. He sat down and poured himself a hefty glass.
, but it was expensive and Gordon seems keen on it, so he chokes it down with a smile.
"Well, if it makes you feel better, he said he already knew you had feelings for me." Cas said.
Dean looked upset for just a second. Then it hit him, why does it matter? Cas and Sam were friends. Despite that he was his brother, he was probably the only other friend Cas actually had besides himself. Dean reached for Cas' hand. "Its alright. Let's grab some food." And Dean led them out of his room, toward the food.
As he entered the kitchen, he saw Cas just standing at the sink with the water running, his hands resting on the sink's edge.
Dean pumped his hand until Cas was spent, his body relaxed, hands finally loosening from the sheets.
Nervously, Dean fidgets while he waits. He knows people's eyes are on him because of the scene he caused, but he has to do this. It's the right thing to do.
A thought occurs to him. "You showed these to Gabriel?"
Cas wedged himself between Dean's legs and thrust against him, causing Dean to groan and grip Cas' shirt tighter.
They're finally able to pull themselves away, and Claire almost immediately falls asleep. Cas pulls the chair up close to her bed, finally sinks back into it, and drifts off.
Cas took a breath, and opened his mouth to sing the next line, when another voice started over the speakers. He watched silently as Dean took the stage next to him and sang.
Cas smiles, face softening. "It's Dean, right?" When Dean nods, Cas continues. "It's not necessary because Benny is not my manager." Dean's confused now, and it must show on his face because Cas chuckles a little. "This is my restaurant, I own it. We had some call offs from the waitstaff tonight, so I went out on the floor to help out. I knew your date wouldn't let up until he spoke to someone else, so I grabbed Benny." He's smiling more now. "It would have to be pretty bad for me to fire myself."
"I'll just, uh, go grab the laptop bag." Dean says, standing quickly and rushing out of the kitchen into his office.
Dean pulled up the next movie and hit play. He felt Cas moving around a little. "You okay?" He asked.
Cas shook his head "I wasnt intending to invade your privacy, and when I realized who it was, I stopped reading."
"She likes you." Dean replies, unable to tear his away from Cas' profile. "Can't say I blame her." Cas just beams at him. "I should go." Dean says quietly, because he really doesn't want to but he really really needs to.
"What're you working on?" Dean asks, because Cas' workshop has always looked the same so this must be a big project.
Dean laughed. "You were sleeping dumbass, its over. You wanna watch another one?"
Cas started to shake his head.
They stayed like that for a long time, kissing, exploring with their hands and mouths, and softly rutting against each other.
"I haven't even started cooking yet so she's fine." Dean says.
Dean stopped in front of a car model. It was scaled down to about a 50th of the size, but it looked just like Baby.
"Damnit, I know. Fuck Cas, I dont know what's happening to me." Dean responded.
Sam gave Dean a look that said 'date?' And Dean threw a 'dont say a word' look back at him.
Dean turned towards Cas, reaching his hands out and grasping Cas' wrists, freeing his hands from beneath him.
Sam and Dean sat there in silence for another moment, before Sam said "Dean, I'm sorry. I'm just really happy about this. I know you dont understand why yet, but if you'd spent the last eleven years watching your brother and your best friend pine for each other, then finally do something about it, you'd get it. Just... Dont ruin this. Cas has been very patient, and hes put up with a lot from you. You can be a dick, and you push people away for no good reason as soon as they try to get close. Dont do that to Cas. Just accept that you can be happy, and roll with it. That's the end of my speech, and I wont say any more about it unless you ask."
Once they're seated at a patio table, Dean stares Emma down, and she doesn't even look up from her icecream when he asks "what was that?"
Cas stared at Dean, watching him come undone beneath him. Listening to the most wonderful sounds come out of Dean's mouth. This was better than anything Cas had ever imagined.
He cannot, absolutely will not, let that happen. He cannot let Dean's charisma, and charm, and beautiful soul reel him in because he can't handle it. Even if Dean didn't leave again, how can Cas have an honest healthy relationship with him with what happened in their past, with the knowledge that he
everything? He wants to ask, god does he want to. It would not be appropriate at all, and he really should just ask Dean, but this somehow seems easier.
Dean chanced a look at Cas, and saw a small bit of anger flash in his eyes.
Cas nods. "Sure. Follow me." He leads Dean back through the door he'd previously emerged from, down a hallway, and into a small office, closing the door behind him. When he turns back, Dean is at a loss for words. "So?" Cas asks.
As Cas bent down to grab a couple of mugs from the shelf, Dean didnt move. He could feel Cas' ass just lightly graze him as he bent down, and Dean closed his eyes.
It starts slow, gentle, nice. Dean's hands settling on Cas' hips, Cas' other hand on Dean's neck, body pressed against his front. Cas' lips are warm and soft, and butterflies kick up in Dean's stomach. It's been so long since he's even been kissed, let alone kissed well, and this is perfect.
"Hell no. I think it's amazing. I mean, all I see is a pile of trash, but you see art, and that's really cool." Dean replies, watching as Cas' face changes from confused to happy.
Dean leaned down and kissed Cas lightly. Leaning his weight on his left forearm, and moving his other hand up into Cas hair, he pulled back to stare into his eyes. "I love you. I love you so much it hurts sometimes. I dont know why I always stopped myself from having this. From having you. We could've had so much time together... I'm just glad I didnt wait till it was too late to tell you. I cant promise you I'll never do anything to piss you off, because, well, you know me." He stopped and chuckled a bit. "But I can promise that, no matter what, I wont let you go again."
Dean looks at Cas, and Cas' face shows fond exasperation. "She'd told me last night all her homework was done, and it was not so I made her do it before she was allowed to come over. And now she's upset because she's 'late' even though it's only 5:15" Cas says, airquotes and all, and Dean is filled with affectionate nostalgia.
Within minutes, Dean's running out the door with a quick goodbye to Cas.
He flips through the stack of papers next to him, and is comparing yet another set of numbers on the screen when Emma and her friend come into the kitchen. The girl has long blonde wavy hair, dressed in mostly black, with thick black liner under her eyes.
Cas just stares at him with lust blown eyes, and attacks his mouth again. They kiss up against the counter until they're interrupted.
Cas shook his head. "That was more than I ever thought it could be."
Cas let out a small laugh. "I dont think you can get any closer, Dean" he said. That wouldn't stop him from trying though.
A while later, he feels Cas' hand gently resting on his back. He turns off the machine, and twists to look at him. "Let's go inside." Cas says, and Dean looks at the time realizing it's already way later than he thought it was. He sets his tools down and follows Cas inside and upstairs.
"Go upstairs" Cas says to them both, and he's so stern and commanding that Dean almost stands up and goes with them.
Dean nods once, again, says "okay" and turns around to leave.
They wandered the room for a while, Dean never letting go of Cas' hand. He didnt care what anybody thought of them, two guys, holding hands, checking out cars. He wanted the world to know that Cas was his.
Sam stared at Courtney for a moment, before turning toward the coffee pot. "Thought youd be asleep later." Sam said to Dean, pouring the last of the coffee into a mug.
Slipping the card back into the box, Dean closes it and looks into Cas' eyes. He can see so much love shining there it makes his heart stutter. "Okay." He says, because if Cas believes in him this much, enough to do all this, then he'll give it a shot. He does love it, Cas is right, and it would make him happy.
Cas awakens to Dean's voice, his hand stroking gently through Cas' hair. He looks around and sees they're parked outside their apartment, so apparently he slept all the way home.
"Your dau- Claire. Claire's your daughter." Duh, obviously, who the fuck else would it be? Shit.
He slowly made his way over to the group, and his heart started hammering, instant regret swallowing him as he watched Dean lean over to Anna and whisper something into her ear.
"Oh thank God, I'm starving. That burger yesterday can only hold a girl over for so long" Courtney responded.
"Can I stay here for a bit?" Dean asks, voice broken from all the crying.
"Yeah. This life doesnt provide much time for... dates." He said, just standing there. That word was still a bit hard to get out.
"Yeah, I knew him. We went to highschool together for a little while." There, that should be enough.
Dean laughed "Yeah, pretty much. He watched as she wandered into the library. "Oh my god!" He heard her shout.
"I love you." Cas says, because what else is there to say? He has everything he's ever wanted right here.
Dean, holding Cas' shoulders against the door, crushed his lips against the other's. Cas kissed back, grabbing onto Dean's bottom lip with his teeth.
"I'm not leaving" Sam said. "I dont know what's wrong, but I'm not gonna let you sit in here and kill yourself with alcohol poisoning." Sam walked further into the room.
Cas stood there at the bottom of the stairs stunned. What just happened? He could feel his heart racing. Hed known for a while that his feeling towards Dean were more than brotherly. That their bond was more than just an angel looking after his charge. But he didnt think Dean had those same feelings. Maybe he didnt. Maybe he just did what he did to keep Cas from walking out again.
They're silent for a few minutes, but it isn't awkward or weird, it's just comfortable. It doesn't take long for them to fall into easy conversation though.
"Uh, Claire, I don't think-" Cas starts, but Emma cuts him off.
It doesn't take long for it to pick up. Cas opens his mouth a little, and Dean swipes his tongue out, pulling a moan from Cas' throat when they meet. It's a beautiful sound, and Dean wants to hear more. Gripping harder, Dean pulls Cas even closer, feeling his hard warm body against his, delving his tongue further into Cas' mouth.
"Shut up Dean." Cas says with fondness, and Dean shuts up. Cas grabs his hand and pulls him upstairs into his room.
Cas shifts on his feet and bites his lips. "It's just a thing. Would you like to help?" Cas asks, walking to the back of the room and picking up a sander.
Cas pulled back an inch and looked at Dean, before he slid down and started kissing Dean's chest. Kissing and nibbling all over, leaving small bite marks, Cas made his way down. He stopped for a second when he reached the top of Dean's pants, and Dean looked down at him. 'So beautiful' he thought.
"Mmm" Emma swallows before talking, something she definitely didn't get from her father. "Its a science project. We're not sure yet, that's what we're gonna figure out tomorrow."
The man was attractive, and very nice. And he didn't seem to have a problem with the whole 'I have a kid' thing, which is hard to come by, especially when your kid is a surly teenage girl.
Dean moaned loudly, bringing his face back to Cas' and pressing his lips to his, moving his own hips in time with his hand now.
"What'd you mean?" Dean says, as he heads into the livingroom and flops down onto the couch. Avoidance is always Dean's best defense.
Karaoke started, a few people went up first, and then Dean was called. Dean looked at Cas, smiling brightly, then winked and headed up on stage. He knew the wink meant nothing, but it never failed to rile up the butterflies in his stomach.
Cas' voice joined Dean's for the beginning of the chorus, then it was just Cas singing again.
"Did you guys have a good time?" Courtney asked.
After a couple more strokes, Cas slid his hand up and then down past the elastic of his sweatpants, reaching his hand down into his pants.
Dean didn't really have a plan on where he was going, he just knew he needed to get out of there.
It didnt take long before the pain subsided and Dean began to enjoy it, wiggling around under Cas. Cas pushed his fingers around a bit more, before sliding them out, causing Dean to whine a bit at the loss of contact.
This woman is a whirlwind of energy, and Cas really actually kind of likes it. It's refreshing, having someone be so exuberant.
"Trust me, he did. That's why he stood there looking at you all pathetic for so long."
And that feels... okay. It's not bad, but it's also not great, just like this whole damn night. Asa's touch has done absolutely nothing for him other than make his hand too warm, and he kind of wants to pull it away but that's ridiculous because they're on a date and this is what people do.
"Huh?" Dean pulls his eyes away from the laptop screen and looks at his daughter. "I'm sorry sweetheart, these numbers just aren't adding up. What were you saying?"
"I'm sorry Dean, I should've locked the door" Cas said, looking down at his torn shirt.
"Oh my god! You guys have a fucking bat cave!" She said, excitedly.
Cas could feel the tightening in his lower abdomen, and knew he had to slow down or his was about to be over. As he slowed his pace, Dean whimpered. "Can't. Too close Dean." Cas gasped out.
Dean pulled into the lot of the bar, parking in the same spot he'd parked the other night. He shut off the car and turned to Cas. "You're okay?" He asked.
Dean stared at him for a few moments, then he started laughing.
Dean makes a stop downtown and a group of three guys gets on. Young guys, early twenties probably, college age. The type of guys who think they rule the world and everyone around them wants them. They're loud and obnoxious and Dean cannot wait until they get off.
He waits less than a minute, he assumes, because he's absolutely not watching the clock, before he receives a reply.
He stares at her and she stares at him, and the longer this goes on the more pissed he gets. "Sign your warning and go home, Mister Winchester" Naomi says, sliding the paper further across the desk.
"Do you really have to ask?" Dean smiled. "Yes, Cas. That's was... Probably the most amazing sex I've ever had. In my life."
That was way too easy. Normally getting Claire out of the house any time before noon is a huge struggle, the day before being the exception, when she'd made the plans. Cas just shakes his head and hurries downstairs, determined to have at least one more cup of coffee before they leave.
Dean rolls his eyes and knocks on the door as the chicken continues clucking at him.
"What?" It was the only word Dean could pull out of his head.
Grabbing ahold of Dean's hips, Cas spins them around and pushes Dean backward until they hit the bed, then gently pushes against his chest until Dean is laying down. Cas climbs over him, and kisses him again like his life, or his sanity, depends on it, and it probably does at this point.
a ride home? The guy could be a serial killer, and murder him. Or worse, he could end up with chicken shit all over baby's leather.
Jack looked between Cas and Dean. "Sam said you were back, so I thought I'd come find you. He said I shouldn't, but... I see now he was right. You're busy. I can come back later."
Hed been around for millenia, he knew how this worked.
Taking them both in hand, Cas begins to slide his hand along them, dicks wet with spit and prerelease, the silky feeling of Cas' cock against his making Dean thrust his hips up, clutching onto Cas' biceps. It feels so good, too good, and Dean knows he won't last long. Cas is amazing, twisting his wrist just right, the pressure perfect. Dean wraps his hand around their lengths on the other side, pumping along with Cas', and Cas' head falls back on a moan.
Cas nodded, releasing his hold on Dean. "It is quite late."
A tear leaks down Dean's cheek, and Cas swipes it away with his thumb. "Thanks Cas." Dean breathes out, pressing their foreheads together and closing his eyes. "Thank you."
"Oh, yes, sorry. Yes, I live about a block away from there. You can drop me off at the stop if you don't want to take me all the way home." He says.
"That's really impressive." Cas replies, looking at Dean with wonder shining in his eyes.
Cas' chest tightens, and all of his fears come crashing back into him. "Oh. Okay." He says, pulling away. He knew that's how Dean would feel, but the reality of it hurts so much more than he thought it would. "I'm really tired, so I'm gonna head to bed." He says, turning around and starting for his room. He just needs to be alone, needs time to figure out where to go from here.
But, he knows, he always knows, that he'll forever have Dean by his side.
God does Dean want to tell him though. He's come close a few times, but always chickens out at the last second. Maybe he can do it. He's going to have to, or he's going to have to move out, because he can't take the pain anymore, it hurts too much.
"Get off my bus." Dean says, in the most threatening voice he can manage.
They take up three separate seats, loudly having a conversation over the head of the woman sitting in the seat between them. It's rude, and annoying, but not against the rules so Dean pulls out into traffic and continues on his route, tuning out the assholes.
"No, not really. I mean, he says he has Claire and that's what matters. But what happened after I left-"
"Mhmm" Sam mumbled, as he finished cleaning the machine. "I'll do this, you just go get the movie started. It's already on the TV."
Shifting the box to one arm, he opens the door with the other. "How about 'yes dad, come in.'"
"Yeah, right. Even if that's all true, you couldn't have told me?"
"Dean?" he says, but apparently it's too quiet for him to hear over the racket.
Panic surged through Deans body as he leaned back against his closed door. 'What the fuck just happened' he thought to himself.
Cas reaches over and grasps Dean's hand, pulling him closer, turning so they're facing each other. He runs his hands up and places them on either side of Dean's face, looking into his eyes as Dean's hands rest on his hips, and Cas can feel a shiver go down his spine.
Cas knew his heart was beating very hard, and he knew Dean could hear it as his ear was pressed right up against it. But he didn't care. This was amazing. This feeling of closeness that hed wanted from Dean for so long, he was finally getting it.
Cas looked down at the books still strewn out in front of him. "We really didnt talk. We-"
Claire is staring him down, and Dean is looking at him with an almost hopeful look, and Emma is just glancing between the three of them confused, and how the hell is he supposed to say no? Fuck. Just say no. No. That's it, one word. "Okay." He says instead. Damnit.
"Yeah, of course." Dean replied.
After a short bus ride, and an even shorter conversation, Cas is checking out the grandfather clock he's had his eye on since this morning. The wood is warped, the metal rusted, there are water stains in the bottom, it's altogether falling apart, and it is beautiful.
Cas sighed "he stopped me by kissing me. Then he asked me not to leave, and walked away."
Cas nodded. "Yes. Shes very candid. She believes us, you know. I can tell."
Lunch has moved back outside with her sisters, and Cas' livingroom is now sadly empty. He'd thought about keeping her in there longer, but it really wasn't fair to keep her penned up inside with only his sorry ass for company, when she should be out enjoying herself. So he'd reacquainted her with the other chickens, and is now as alone as ever. Maybe he should get a cat, but that probably wouldn't work well with the chickens.
"What?" Dean gasped out. This could not be happening. Not now.
The date is going... alright. It's not bad, not at all, but it's not great either. Asa is nice, funny, a good conversationalist, and he's attractive, so Cas has spent the better part of the date so far trying to figure out what's wrong with him that this doesn't feel right.
As Dean pulls out onto the road, he's very tempted to say something. They've never been alone before, and this would be the perfect opportunity. He wars with himself over it. Fern Guy's stop will be his last one of the night, then he can head back to the station.
Cas shakes his head and smiles fondly at the closed door as he waits for the coffee to brew. Dean can be a mess sometimes, but Cas admits to himself that it's been nice having him here.
The pleading in Dean's eyes is too much, and he can't bring himself to say no again. Cas opens the door wider and steps back, letting Dean into his apartment.
As always, he gets a response back within seconds, and god does he love his best friend.
Cas puts his finger on Dean's chin, moving his head back to look at him. "You have nothing to be ashamed of." The vulnerability in Dean's eyes is heart wrenching. "Besides, if you had told me, we could've enjoyed it together."
"I think I'm going to head out, I just stopped in to see Gabe for a minute. I have a home office to get set up, since I actually have work now." Cas says, and is (annoyingly) pleased to see disappointment on Dean's face.
Cas looked over at Dean, staring into his eyes, and slowly leaned over and pressed their lips together.
When he sees what it is, he opens the door fully and steps out, extremely confused. Dean is to the side of the porch, wood and mallet in hand.
Cas pushed his hips down against Dean, and he felt Cas' hardness press against his own, eliciting another moan. Cas did it again, wanting to hear that noise again, the noise he was causing Dean to make.
Cas slowly moved his head forward, testing, and observed Dean. He'd never done this before. He flicked his eyes up to Dean, noting his thrown back head, and hands tangled in the bedsheets.
Dean pulled his head back and looked up. "Mornin" he said.
He's still not sure if Gabriel's telling the truth about Dean not knowing who he is, but he really hopes to god he is. The last thing he could ever need in his life is the two of them discussing him.
"Claire!" Cas interrupts.
"And Claire shouldn't be lying to Cas either, and I'm disappointed you encouraged that." He says.
"Really?" Dean started the car, and pulled out of the spot.
Though Claire isn't actually alone, her father's here, Dean completely understands what she means and she's right. He wouldn't leave either.
"Come in." Dean said unhappily. "What is so damn important Sam?" He asked, as Sam walked into the room.
"What happened?" Dean whispered.
Dean shook his head. "T'night's bout you Cas. 'mm good. 'mm content. 'mm... happy."
"Dean" Cas says firmly, and Dean stops, turns to Cas with worry written all over his face. "I wanted it. I want it." Cas sighs, running his free hand through his hair. He doesn't want to tell Dean, but he has to. Dean has to know why he's scared. "I... I need to tell you something."
Suddenly Cas whipped around, grabbing Dean and shoving him into the closest wall. He grabbed Dean's wrists, holding them above his head.
Cas washes his hands and ushers Heather out of the workshop, locking it up behind him. He heads inside, pulling his phone out as he goes, and sees a message from Dean.
Cas wakes up feeling horrible. He'd gone home and gone to bed the night before, just like he said he was going to, but he didn't sleep. Instead, he'd spent almost the entire night tossing and turning and thinking about what had happened.
"And, most recently, my father." Cas jumped in.
Once Dean's gathered himself, he talks. "I did hide something from you, but it isn't what you think it is." When Cas scoffs, Dean holds up a hand. "Please, just let me get this out."
this. For
Cas picked up his beer, and downed the rest of it. When he set the empty bottle back down, he looked at Dean. "Actually, I think I'm going to-"
"Cas, I cant... I'm not... I'm not ready for those words yet, I'm sorry" he whispered.
He wants kids. He always has, but he'd almost resigned himself to probably never having a partner, a relationship, strong enough for them. But now that he has that, he
"It is." Dean responds. "Except for the whole being the owner means doing all the paperwork thing. I hate it."
After what was probably hours of flipping through books, Dean casually slid his right hand under the table, and onto Cas' left knee.
"What about?" Sam asked.
After a couple of minutes of this torture, Dean started moving his whole hand, very slowly, back and forth on Cas thigh, moving it closer and closer to Cas' now rapidly growing cock with every stroke.
Cas opened his eyes and smiled, looking up at Dean. "That was... I cant even describe it." He said.
Dean makes his way out the backdoor and across the yard to Cas' workshop, pushing open the cracked door until it's wide enough for him to enter.
: Hello Dean, this is Castiel. I've finished your books and everything is in order.
"Sorry man, I was just getting Cas some clothes and forgot." Dean replied.
Courtney snorted "God? You cant be serious. Now you're just pulling my leg."
Dean's face broke out in a grin. "Damn right it is. Come on." He grabbed Cas' hand and pulled him to his room, locking the door behind him.
Dean pulled back, and aggressively attacked Cas' neck, kissing and biting every inch he could reach. Cas tilted his head back against the door, giving Dean more space to explore.
"It's fine. Take your time." He says, and Emma grins as she turns around and heads back to her room. "I can just... wait outside." Cas turns toward the door.
In answer, Cas kisses him again, pressing down, letting himself get lost in the feeling. He thrusts against Dean over and over again, pulling sounds out of Dean's mouth that spur him on as Dean's hips move up to meet him each time, their tongues tangled together.
"You're up," Sam says, turning around to stare wide eyed at his brother.
Cas adjusted himself so he was sitting more sideways, opening his legs a bit more and dropping his left leg off the couch onto the floor.
Before he can gather his thoughts and say anything, Gordon starts in, not looking up from the menu. "Yes, we'll take two glasses of yourHeitz CellarCabernet Sauvignon." Which, okay Dean doesn't really like red wine, but he can appreciate a man taking a forward approach, kind of. And it's not like they've talked about drink preferences yet.
"We never left." Dean replies, handing over one of the cups of coffee. Cas takes it automatically, and just looks at him like Dean's said he's a time lord and asked him to go for a ride in his tardis.
"We are. You're just too damn quiet." Dean replied, turning back to the sink. "Its fine." He paused. "What did you need to talk to her about?" Dean could feel his stomach bubble a bit. Was that... jealousy he felt? 'I'm not jealous. Theres nothing to be jealous of' he thought to himself.
"Yes. Yes. You guys need some... alone time" Courtney giggled.
After months of watching the strange blue eyed man lug things on and off his bus, he's finally going to get to know him. Though he has an idea of what Cas is like, based on their interaction the night before, he still can't wait to spend more time learning about him.
"You should tell him what happened, back then. Why you left." She says like it's the most logical option. But it's not an option.
"Yeah, sweetheart. We can do that now." Dean smiles, before leaning in and capturing Cas' lips with his own.
Cas closes the minimal space between them, fingers grazing along Dean's jaw, and presses a soft chaste kiss to his lips. "There's no rush."
"Wait, Cas" Dean grabbed ahold of his arm. "Am I not gonna see you the rest of the day then?"
Setting the box down, Cas turns to his daughter. "You really need to put this stuff away. That's what you're doing tomorrow." He says. When Claire tries to argue, he holds up a hand "no, it's been four days and you've done nothing to get settled."
"I'm ready." Cas says, a smile curling up his lips before he leans in and presses a soft kiss against Dean's. "Yes, let's go."
Dean's hand comes up to rest on Cas' cheek. "You can tell me anything."
"Okay, okay, I'm going." Dean said. He grabbed his robe off the back of the door and headed to the shower room.
Dean kissed Cas deeply, exploring his mouth with his tongue. When Dean pulled Cas' body against his, Cas pulled his head back a little, breathless. "We're going to be late, Dean."
Dean smiled back "it was pretty great for me too."
Dean sat up on his knees and looked at Cas, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He didnt think hed ever seen anything as amazing as Cas laying there, in pure pleasure, his body relaxed like he'd never seen before.
Cas pulled back a fraction of an inch and opened his mouth a bit to breathe. Dean took this opportunity to plunge his tongue into Cas mouth.
As he approached, Cas looked up at him, and shut the laptop quickly. "Hm? What?" Cas asked.
"Dean, I dont know what you want from me here. You need space, but you dont want me to go. I'm not sure what to do with that." He tried to pull his arm from Dean's hand.
He kisses down Dean's chest, licking his nipple and sucking it into his mouth, pulling it between his teeth gently and Dean's back arches off the bed with a moan. He does the same to the other side, then continues kissing his way down. Once he gets to the hem of Dean's pants, he pulls them and his boxers off and finally has a sight full of Dean, all of Dean, and shit it's a wonderful sight.
"Wait, so you have a car but take the bus?" Dean asks.
Cas watches as Dean's pupils dilate, his mouth slightly agape. "What?" He gasps out.
"This is nice." Cas says, unbuckling his seatbelt.
Walking down the hall, he didnt know where he was going, he just couldnt stay in the library anymore. Why didnt Dean just ask him to go? They could've continued what they'd been doing. He really was an idiot, as Sam had said.
Dean watched Cas just stare at him. After another couple of minutes, Dean said "Cas, please-" then suddenly Cas' mouth was pressed against his own. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and pulled, dragging him into his lap, until he was straddling him.
"Dean! Stop. Talk to me!" Cas is begging, and Dean can hear the hurt in his voice, but he can't stop.
As Cas grabbed his plate to wash, Dean mumbled a "thanks". He stood there just staring at the back of Cas' head, wondering what he was thinking.
"Hey, you guys heading out?" They heard Sam say from the library.
That wasnt enough for Cas, so he reached up, putting his hand on the back of Dean's neck, and pulled him back in, crushing their lips together. Cas shoved his tongue into Dean's mouth, and Dean tasted burgers and grease and something sweet again.
Dean wedged a leg in between Cas' thighs, and Cas could feel himself growing harder, pressing against Dean.
"Uh, yeah." Dean says, dropping his hands to his sides. "I'm just confused. I thought this was going well." He still doesn't turn around though, doesn't want to face Cas.
Dean gets his knees under him, bringing himself up, and thrusts back against Cas' finger, needy noises coming from his mouth. Cas stills him with his free hand, and presses another finger into him, working him open. By the time he's worked a third finger in, Dean is a babbling mess, "
They were perfect, Dean was perfect. It was only ten months, but they were the most life changing moments of his existence. Dean was his first everything. When he'd gone, just up and disappeared one day without a word, Cas didn't think he'd ever recover from the heartbreak.
Their mouths broke apart, and Dean's lips slid down to Cas' neck, kissing and nibbling the skin there. "Come home with me" Cas gasped out.
Cas can't help it, he chuckles. "Yes, he's always been that way.
"Not like that" Dean said. He needed another drink, and waved for it.
They both looked over when Sam stood up. "I'm gonna get some lunch. You want some?" He asked Dean.
After about 15 minutes Sam noticed Cas hadnt turned a page in quite a while. Shutting his own book, Sam said "alright Cas, what's up?"
"Okay?" Cas asks, a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth.
Cas stepped forward, closing the small space between them, as he set his hands on Dean's hips, feeling Dean's other hand move to rest on his upper arm.
"Huh? What?" Cas said as he looked at Sam, shaking the thoughts away.
"I'm ready," Dean says breathlessly, and Cas removes his fingers slowly and slides the condom on, slicking himself up before pressing against Dean's hole. Dean wraps his legs around Cas and pulls him down into a kiss as Cas pushes past the tight ring of muscles, and then its wet heat surrounding him and Cas buries his face in Dean's neck to stifle the cry of pleasure that wants to escape.
"I dont need the gruesome details Cas" Sam interrupted, shaking his head, but with a slight glint in his eyes. "I am here if you need me for emotional support though. Dean can be closed off, so if you need to talk about something, I'm happy to listen."
"There was. Some guys were drunk and harassing a woman, I asked them to leave the bus, and I got punched. There's a police report filed." Dean says confidently. He did nothing wrong here, even the police said so.
"But this is what I want!" Dean insisted. "Cas please, just listen to me."
Giving up on sleep, Dean takes his laptop out to the livingroom and settles onto the couch, starting it up and pulling up apartment search sites. He's found a couple places that seem promising, and he looks over them once again.
"Yeah?" Deans' eyes find Cas'.
The day off is spent completely with Cas. They have breakfast, and cuddle on the couch for a while, then head out to the workshop together. Dean gets lost in the woodworking, Cas in his art, and it's a pleasant afternoon.
As he approaches, he see Fern Guy standing next to the Impala, phone in hand and cage on the ground by his feet, brow furrowed.
It's not like he's never seen the guy before. He's not exactly a regular, but on occasion Dean picks him up from different spots downtown, and the guy gets off at the same stop on the outskirts.
So he does what he always does when he doesn't know what to do, he distances himself from the situation.
He looks away, because it's always hard to talk about. "After you..." he swallows, gathers himself, and starts again. "After, things were pretty bad. I finished out highschool, but it was a rough time. You know how my family was. I decided to push college back a bit, and worked with my dad in the church. I was living, but not really living, you know? I had pressure from them about everything, not least of all was the insistence to find a 'nice girl to settle down with'." Cas rolls his eyes at that.
Dean was his best friend, and had been since ninth grade. They had done everything together, football games, Friday nights at the arcade, weekend sleepovers binging on junk food and movies. They'd even gone to college together, both majoring in education. And, when graduation rolled around, they both managed to find jobs at the same highschool.
One of the guys stands up, looks down at the woman and winks, then takes a step toward Dean. "And what if we don't want to? What're you gonna do?" He says mockingly.
"He doesn't, I swear. I've never told anybody about that, and I never would. Though..."
"Cas?" Sam asked, looking at Cas as he sat back down.
They've veered off into a more suburban outcrop of downtown, heading towards the park, and conversion is still flowing freely when Cas becomes distracted. It takes Dean a couple minutes to notice, but Cas has slowed his walk and hasn't said a word in a while.
"Yes, there are." Cas says. "Claire is lucky to have you."
The bar was only a fifteen minute walk, so Cas bypassed his car and enjoyed the stroll in the late spring air. The sun was setting, leaving the world in a bright blue hue. This was Cas' favorite part of the day, when everything was settling down, and the only noises were the crickets and the occasional car passing by.
It's a Thursday night and Dean is working later than usual, taking the last routes of the day to cover for a friend who has a date. It's been a boring, as usual, day and Dean is very much looking forward to finishing the shift and having the next few days off.
"What?!" Dean says, because what? What the hell?
Cas is shaking, both from the depleted adrenaline of the attack, and from worry about the chicken. He shrugs, and tries to hold back the tears he can feel gathering in his eyes.
"Then what is it like?" She asked. "I wont judge you, it's really okay."
"Why would I be upset?" Dean responded, setting his own fork down.
Cas stopped again. "What Dean?"
Breathlessly, Cas pulled his head back "Dean-". But Dean wasnt listening. He attacked Cas' neck with his mouth, attempting to pull him even closer. He could feel Cas breathing hard against him. Cas tried again. "Dean, wait. We still need to talk about this."
Dean just blinked a couple of times before shaking his head. "You didn't. I fell asleep?"
"Just looking for him. If you see him, send him my way." Then Dean turned and headed into the hall.
As Dean walked into the room, he locked the door behind them, and set the clothes on one of the benches. He went over to one of the stalls and turned the water on hot.
Dean just shook his head. He thought about it for a minute, and felt panic seeping it. "I dont know!" He said passionately. "I dont know" calmer this time.
"Yeah Cas I know. I meant why is Dean up so early. We dont have a case, so normally hed be sleeping in." Sam said.
Cas turns around to look at them, and Dean can see his shoulders sag a little as he let's out a breath. "You promised to unpack today."
He's exhausted. His eyes hurt, his body is tired, he still feels like utter shit, and he wants Dean. Wants to be in his arms, comforted by him, but he can't bring himself to pick up the phone. Instead, he sinks down further into the couch and closes his eyes.
"Jesus, Cas." Dean's voice is choked up, and when Cas looks at him he can see the sadness in his eyes. "Fuck, I am so sorry. For everything."
It's silent in the bus, they still have a good ten minutes until they're at the last stop, when all of a sudden Fern Guy says "shit!" and all hell breaks loose.
After they had breakfast, they all made their way into the library, where Sam had clearly already been this morning. Books were strewn about on all the tables.
: Are you aware that you paid me for at least five hours of work when I only did an hour and a half?
: Thank you Dean.
Dean stops the bus in the parking lot. "I'm gonna drop you here, because they'll have a fit if someone's with me when I pull in. That's my car, the black Impala" Dean says, pointing toward it. "Just wait there for me, I shouldn't be more than ten minutes."
As Cas approached Dean's bedroom door, he hesitated. Not sure why he was so unsure, as he and Dean had just kissed, twice, he waited a full minute before he knocked.
As the waitress walked away, Courtney said "What? I order what I like. I hate women who order a salad, then spend the night hungry and wishing they'd just had the damn burger."
Dean nodded.
Dean looks to Cas, but Cas is staring back at his daughter all serious like. "Dean and I are together." He says, and Dean feels giddy. "And I figured you two would be happy about that, seeing as you've been pushing us together since the first day."
Dean started shovelling the food into his mouth. When it was halfway gone, he looked up and noticed Cas watching him with a small smile on his face.
Cas feels uncomfortable with this, but he's not sure why, that is his job, so he says "oh yeah?"
"I'm sorry" Cas says, swiping at his eyes again. "Dean, I'm sorry."
Cas hastily pulled his own shirt over his head, throwing it back on the floor where it was not long ago. Dean clung to him, panting, desperate for more contact.
-'he's the best. Maybe you can. We'll see.'
"Cas, stop. Did you even read the messages?" Dean asked.
When they wake from their nap, they take a nice hot slow shower together. Dean brings him to orgasm with his mouth, that fucking mouth that Cas missed so much and none has ever been able to compare to, and Cas returns the favor. They're dressed and cuddling on the couch by the time the girls come home.
Courtney smiled and nodded. "That is rare, for a dive bar."
They turned toward the stairs, and watched as Sam and Jack came down, stopping in the war room to throw his jacket on a chair.
Letting his head fall forward, a couple of tears escape and Cas swipes angrily at them. He can fix this, he has to.
"I'm fine" Cas grumbled, pulling his arm out of Dean's grasp. He started walking toward the stage again, more carefully this time. The room was a little tilted, but really it wasn't as bad as he'd expected after ingesting that much alcohol.
Pulling back for a moment, Cas reaches into his nightstand and pulls out lube and a condom, then returns his lips to Dean's skin, unable to get enough, wanting to taste every part of him.
Gordon is in the middle of telling an anecdote about a time he went camping with some friends, when Cas comes back with their meals. He sets them down, and Dean makes an appreciative comment because damn it looks good.
"But" Dean looked at Cas.
"Come for me Dean" he whispered. That deep, sex filled voice sending more shivers down Dean's body.
Cas nodded. "That was my intention. I didnt realize you'd drink yourself into a stupor over it. I thought you'd be with that... woman." Cas all but growled the last word.
--'Anytime. Just let me know.'
"What?" Cas asked, a slight blush creeping onto his cheeks.
"Cas I'm not going to freak out. At least I dont think I'm going to. I'm damn sure gonna try my best." He rubbed the back of his own neck, a nervous habit. "I cant promise that I wont. This whole thing is new to me. Every single part of it. But I dont want to push you away anymore. You shouldn't have to feel like I will, and I'm sorry I've always been such an asshole to you that you think I'd do that." Dean said, trying to look anywhere but at Cas now.
Dean laughed as Courtney gave Sam a dirty look and lightly punched his arm.
Courtney pulled the clothes out of his reach. "Nuh uh. No. Do not touch these until you shower. You're covered in grease."
"I'm not leaving until she has her surgery and I can see that she's okay." Emma repeats.
He finishes the entire tub, no judgement, it was only half full anyway, and throws it away before flopping back on the couch and turning on the tv to whatever's playing on the syfy channel.
"You look like shit."
He has a date tonight.
"That's it Sammy, drink the troubles away." Dean said, raising his glass.
Dean watched Courtney slowly set her burger down, put her elbows on the table, and lean forward. She contemplated for a moment, watching Cas. "You're either not joking, or you're a very good liar. I pride myself on being able to tell when someone is being truthful." She studied him some more. "But I cant tell with you."
"Dont be ridiculous. Come on." Dean says, and turns away to head down the hall back to the kitchen. Hes trying really damn hard not to freak out right now, and he doesn't think it's working.
Dean's head whipped up, toward Cas. "Cas! Seriously?! What the fuck man."
"K, I'll be right back." Dean said, before walking away. Cas looked around at the group, saying hellos. He knew his greeting to Anna was stiff, but he couldn't help it. He didn't want to be friendly, but he'd at least try.
Dean rolls his hips and grinds down, and now Cas is the one begging. "
"God, of course not" Dean says. "I'm glad you told me before we went any further though."
After an awkward silence in which he's sure the kids have no idea what to say to that, Claire says "Hey, my dad's an accountant. If, you know, you need help, he's good with numbers. He'll be here to pick me up later."
Looking at the time, Dean pushes away from his desk. He really has to figure out the problem with his numbers, but dinner isn't gonna cook itself.
"What?! No!" Dean replied, vehemently.
"So they just happen to be here at the exact time we are? Em, if you wanted to hang out tonight you could've just asked. I don't like you being deceitful."
Dean slowly walked over to him, and reached his hand out, placing it on Cas' arm. "This is amazing." He said.
They walked outside, and, agreeing to meet at the bar up the road, got into their cars.
Just lunch, then they can go and he can never come back, he thinks as he follows the girls back into the kitchen. He's fulfilled his parental obligation to meet his daughter's friend's parents (or parent, he reminds himself) and he can stay away now.
"I've had the shop for seven years, and I've done the books every month since we opened. It's definitely never gotten easier." Dean walks over to the fridge and pulls out a couple bottles of water, passing one over to Cas who moves to stand on the opposite side of the island, just like the day before.
Well, that's it. Thank you so much for reading, and I really hope you enjoyed.
"Hey, I got Emma, and that's the only thing that mattered. I didn't love Lydia, and she wasn't any sort of mother, so it was no big loss. It just made things a little harder. All worth it in the end."
"I can see why you'd be worried" Sam said. "But let's try to give him the benefit of the doubt. It seems like he's been good so far."
No. No no no. No.
"No, there's not. There's nothing wrong with saving yourself. Though now I feel like even more of an asshole for attacking you like that." Dean says, dropping his hand from Cas' face.
When he looks up at Dean's face, Dean is watching him with a small smile, and Cas has to force himself not to return it by biting his lip. He looks away quickly, and layers lettuce, tomato, and onion, and a small amount of ketchup onto his burger.
"Cas" Dean says, and is pulling on him until Cas looks at him.
Jesus fucking christ he fucked Cas' life up so bad. Dean throws himself back on the couch and let's the guilt wash over him from the knowledge that he sent Cas into a downward spiral of drugs and alcohol that lead to him doubting who he was.
Dean's pretty sure he's done talking now, but he doesn't know what to say to that. What he really wants to say is of course he was here, where the hell else would he be? He wants to say that he'd always be here if Cas would let him, because even after seventeen fucking years he's still in love with Cas, loves every single thing about him, and never wants to let go. But, he doesn't say any of that, because that would probably not go over well, so he reaches out and takes Cas' hand, and Cas let's him, and they sit there in silence just holding hands.
Dean stared at it, so many thoughts going through his head. Cas really put a lot of thought into this. Hed done research, and picked something he thought Dean would enjoy. This was the most thoughtful thing anyone had done for him in a long time. Maybe ever.
Cas went to the kitchen and forced a PB&J down. Drinking without anything in his stomach was always a bad idea, so even though he could barely taste it, he made himself eat.
Cas clings tighter, putting his whole body into the kiss, and Dean can feel arousal curl in his stomach. Cas is kissing him like it's the last thing he'll ever do, and Dean wants him, wants to feel every inch of him under his hands, taste all of him.
Cas smiles, and they lean in to kiss each other. Once again, Dean has more than he ever could've hoped for, and it's allbecause of Cas.
"Yeah. See, the thing is... Well, Cas asked me on a date. An actual date. It's been a very long time since I've done that, and I'm not really sure what I'm doing." Dean said, tapping his fingers on the car under him.
Dean grabs his nail gun and the rest of his tools he forgot in his angry haste to do something that morning, and heads back out, sliding into the impala. He'd unloaded all the lumber from the truck already, so there's no point in not taking comfort from his Baby now.
"Yeah, well, it's early." Dean says, but he's grinning.
Being around Dean every day has been amazing. They'd spent a lot of time together before this, but nothing really compares to having Dean here all the time.
"Yeah, whatever." He can't say more than that for fear of it coming out in the form of a sob that he's trying valiantly to hold in.
Cas is sitting on the couch, staring up at him with wide eyes, and Dean has to push back the pain that shoots through his chest. He's here for a reason, and Cas being here isn't going to change that. Just grab the shit and go.
Dean self consciously folds the bag up and shoves it into his pocket, and Cas finally pulls his eyes away and looks down at the things in his hands. "I don't know what to say." He says, and he sounds a little choked up but Dean doesn't acknowledge that.
As he moans, Dean's hands find their way into Cas' hair, and Cas sucks harder. "God, Cas. I love you. I love you so much. I want you." Dean's words spur him on, and Cas moves down to take one of Dean's nipples in his mouth, pulling another moan from Dean's throat.
seen?" Charlie says, and it shows how long they've been friends that he knows what she's trying to say.
Cas can feel tears pricking at his eyes again, but this time for a very different reason. He's speechless. This is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for him. "It
As Cas sucked on his neck, he realized what that pulling feel in his chest was. The feeling hed never had before. The feeling that had been causing panic to course through his body.
It's 12:30, the girls have been in Emma's room all morning, and Dean figures they've got to be getting hungry, because he sure is. He collects all the ingredients for burgers, and is just mixing the spices into his meat mixture when the doorbell rings.
It's been almost two months since he and Dean had worked through what happened and finally got together, and it has been amazing. Probably the most amazing couple of months of his life.
After a few moments, Dean pulls back and looks into Cas' eyes, searching. "You okay?" He asks, and Cas realizes his body is still quivering, aftershocks going through him. He nods, and Dean still looks concerned until Cas smiles, kisses him again, and that brings a smile to Dean's face as well.
Cas slowly looked over at Dean. "Dean, if you're going to be friends with her, she deserves to know the truth."
"Alright people, listen up. I'm going to take her to the hospital, then I'll get you all where you need to go." Dean says loudly, taking the next turn toward the hospital.
"Well, that was something" Dean said. "Umm Cas, do you you think I could have my hands back now?"
"We werent having intercourse Sam, if that's what you think." Cas said, taking his own slice of the pie and picking at it. He didnt eat, but liked to join the brothers while they did. It made him feel more normal.
"What? I was just clarifying for him. If he thought that's what we were doing, I wanted to make it clear we werent" Cas said, not understanding at all why Dean was upset.
Once they're at the bus stop, they set it down to wait. "So, here's what I'm thinking." Dean says, because he has a plan. "We get this loaded, and you ride with it. I'll go grab the car, park it at your place, and meet you at the stop by your house, that way we won't have to come back for it. I should be there before the bus gets there, and we can get it loaded off and carry it back to your house."
"Sure Dean, sounds good." Cas said, as he made his way out of the room.
Dean shrugged. "Just a suggestion would be fine."
"Okay." Cas replies, nodding.
He's still sitting there sometime later, cold breakfast forgotten in front of him as he stares down at the wood. He hears the slider open and Dean peeking his head in.
Cas texts Dean to update him, in case Emma convinces him to go back to the hospital, then he gets Claire settled on the big couch, gives her full reign of the tv, and lays down on the loveseat to close his eyes for a little while.
When Dean pulled back, he saw a smile on Cas' face. They both turned and picked up the glasses, depositing them onto the library table where Courtney and Jack had made themselves comfortable next to each other. Dean and Cas sat down across from them.
Dean's words are comforting, so he just clings to him and listens, face pressed into Dean's shoulder, the rumble of his voice soothing.
"Okay." Dean said, grabbing Cas' hand and pulling him to his Impala. Cas quickly scrambled into the passenger seat, as Dean slid in and started it up. Dean tossed Cas his phone. "Can you text Sammy for me?"
"I said NO Sam. Just leave!" Dean insisted.
Sam sat down in the chair, kicking out the recliner, and pulling the blanket from the back of the chair over himself. "Ready" he said.
When Dean wakes they share slow soft kisses before taking a shower together, washing each other. It's extremely intimate again, and Cas can't get enough.
Dean opened his eyes and looked down, watching his hard shaft disappear into Cas' mouth over and over again. He couldnt hold back. With a loud moan of Cas' name, he felt himself let loose, pleasure wracking his body as wave after wave spasmed through him, throwing his head back and closing his eyes again.
Cas slows his thrusts, then stops, holding Dean against his chest. His husband is limp, relaxed. Cas tightens his hold then slowly lowers Dean to the bed, pulling out as he goes. He adjusts Dean onto his back, looking down at him. Dean is staring at him with so much love and affection in his eyes it makes Cas' chest fill.
Dean shook his head. "Cas, stop."
"Lunch?" Dean mumbles to himself, as he follows Cas inside.
Dean moans above him, and Cas takes him into his mouth because he loves to suck cock and it's been way too long, even longer since he had Dean's and that's all he's ever wanted. While he licks and sucks and works his tongue around, Dean shifts above him and is pressing a bottle of lube into Cas' hand.
"Hello." They heard. Cas leaped out of Dean's lap, standing up. They both looked at the door.
"Whatever Dean. We arent together, you can do what you want." Cas said, making a move to get out of the bed.
"Damnit" he muttered to himself, closing the door and heading to his own room.
Dean laughed and pulled Cas back to him, kissing him lightly.
Cas couldn't take anymore of this. He dropped the mic and hurried off the stage, out the door of the bar into the cool night, and around to the side of the building.
The rhythmic noise, and the warmth of Cas' arms around him were too much, and, without having a say in it, he drifted off to sleep.
"Emma's with a friend." Dean replies, then takes another sip of the tea before setting it down and turning to her.
Dean huffs a humorless laugh. "Okay, well that clears that up."
When Dean raises his head, rubbing his eyes, Cas can't help but think how adorable he is and how thankful he is for him, and that same something from before bubbles inside his chest again before he squashes it back down.
His responses had been coming almost immediately, so when the next one takes a couple of minutes Cas gets a little concerned. He busies himself finishing getting ready for bed, then grabs his phone as he climbs in and sees a couple of messages.
Cas shakes his head, and Dean's stomach sinks. He really did fuck up bad. "You have to work tomorrow and it's getting late."
Dean shrugs. "It's been that way since Em was six months old. It's fine." He goes back to chopping onions and the strangling silence ensues once again.
--'You need to go talk to him! You're scared. Tell him that.
"Cas? You alright?" Sam asked when Cas didn't respond or move.
Cas is impressed. Dean was always very good with cars, but his own restoration shop is really something. "That's really great." He says.
As he walked in, Courtney closed the book and jumped up. "Ready?" She asked.
Dean looked down at his hands. He was so used to being dirty, he didnt even think about it. He looked back up at the clothes. "I don't even know if those fit."
As Dean pulled away from the Bunker, he shook his head. He was an idiot. If hed just asked Cas to come, he would have. He could be feeling Cas hands on his body right now. But no, he couldn't just ask.
Dean hesitated for a moment, looking into Cas' face. He took a few calming breaths, then continued down past Cas' hard member, to his legs. Dean squatted down, washing the rest of Cas, but pointedly avoiding his sensitive areas.
Dean's worked most of the day. All of the posts are in, and he has maybe a fourth of the actual fence built. His body is sore and he's tired and his anger has been worn off for way too long.
"Cas. You look... Wow" Dean said, unable to come up with any words.
"Will you stay, to sleep? I just, I'm not ready... I don't want to let you go yet." Dean says quietly, like if he speaks too loudly it will shatter the moment.
Dean lightly elbowed Cas, never getting used to the fact that he didnt care to hide who he was.
It's a nice evening, a little chilly but not cold, stars sparkling through the city lights and fluffy clouds that are crowding the night sky.
Once Dean left, Cas glanced over at Anna to see her looking at him with an icy stare. He gave her a tentative smile, and she just looked away annoyed, which was ridiculous. It's not like he'd been interrupting their date. He'd purposely been turned away from them for a good portion of the evening.
"Uh, sure. Thanks" Sam replied, furrowing his brow. He wanted to ask Cas if they'd talked yet, but didnt want to call out in front of Dean that Cas had confided in him.
Kissing down Dean's neck to his chest, only stopping to nip at his skin, Cas ran his hands along every part of Dean's skin he could reach.
"Does it matter, now?" Dean asks, stepping away from the door and walking into the livingroom. He hears Cas close the door and follow him.
"Cas, can we please talk?" Dean asked as Cas stood back up.
"Did you get enough rest?" Cas asked.
That is what it feels like, Cas thinks, sitting here with Dean in this limbo, smells of antiseptic around them, sorrow and guilt coursing through him.
When the bus arrives, Cas heaves the clock up the steps. He's halfway up when it suddenly becomes lighter and easier to maneuver. Once he's at the top of the stairs, he looks around it to see Dean standing there grinning at him.
"No, let me say this." Cas cuts him off, so Dean shuts up. "Even if I had gotten your message right away, you were still the one with her when it happened. You brought her here immediately, and you stayed with her when I'm sure she was scared. She's lucky to have you, too." Cas looks away then, but keeps talking. "I'm lucky you were there. And here, for me, when I couldn't pull it together."
"Well, in that case" Dean leaned back over and kissed Cas again.
-'Hey, its Dean. From the bar the other night. I dont know if you remember.' And hit send.
Cas effortlessly leaned back for a moment and slid his bottoms off, kicking them off the bed, and settling back over Dean.
it too soon to have that discussion? He loves Cas, can't imagine a future without him, so wouldn't talking about these important things be the next step? Obviously not here, not with this shit going on, but sometime. Right?
"What is it, Em?" He asks, voice groggy and rough.
"I'm Benny and I'm a manager here. What can I do for you fellas?" The man asks in a cajun drawl.
Dean leaned over to the side then, reaching into the drawer of the nightstand and pulling out a bottle. He handed it to Cas, and Cas took it willingly.
Dean pulled back. "Damnit" he whispered. As courtney looked at him confused, he caught a glimpse over her left shoulder. Standing in the doorway to the bar stood Cas, the most devastated look on his face Dean had ever seen.
Dean grunted, feeling himself grow harder in his pants. He realized that Cas' dominance over him was beginning to be a huge turn on, which was new for him.
Cas continued to stare at the floor, contemplating what hed said.
Dean grabbed the cream from the fridge, pouring some into the third cup and following it with a scoop of sugar.
At this point Dean was pretty sure he was about to have a full blown panic attack. Love? Fuck. Love. Do i even really know the meaning of that word when it comes to relationships? Dean thought to himself. Does Cas even know what hes saying?
Cas looked down into Dean's face seriously. "That's not funny Dean."
Dean stared down at Cas, willing him to ask to come. All sorts of images in his head about an abandoned back road, and Cas in the backseat of Baby.
Dean pulled his mouth from Cas', and dropped to his knees, his face mere inches from Cas' hard cock.
He's spent the last several days in a moping funk. He still texts Cas, but just once a day, and usually has to wait most of the day for a reply.
"Yes, I do. She sounds amazing!" Claire says, reaching for the lever to push the passenger seat forward.
"Oh, come on. I told you my whole ridiculous story. It's your turn." She said, laying her hand on his forearm.
"Yes. If she is going to be a friend of yours, then I would like to get to know her." Cas said, taking a sip from his cup.
She says that Dean was amazing. "Seriously dad, you should've seen him jump into action like a super hero." She says, and though she looks so tired she's talking with more enthusiasm than she normally does. "He just picked me right up and carried me down the stairs because I couldn't walk. And once we were here, he wouldn't leave my side. They tried to make him leave the room when they were figuring out what was wrong, but, okay don't get mad, but I told them he was my dad's partner. I didn't want to be alone, and it hurt so much, and they were gonna make him leave. I hope that's okay."
Cas is getting close, fast. It's been so long, and Dean feels so good around him. He drops to his forearm and takes Dean's cock in his other hand, pumping it in time with his thrusts. They're staring into each others eyes, foreheads almost touching, lips grazing, breaths mingling. It's the most intimate sex he's probably ever had, and it's incredible.
Dean is getting angry, but he pushes it down and nods. "Yes ma'am, I understand." He says.
Low laughter spilled from the smoke, and it swirled up higher into the air. "Yes." It said.
Cas is down on the floor on his knees painting something. He's beautiful, the way the light from the window shines on him, the concentration and determination on his face. Dean soaks in the moments before he has to explain everything. Before he has to relive this awful day all over again.
Dean just nods and gives a tight smile. He's ready to dig in, because he's starving, but that would be rude so he waits until Gordon's order comes back, passing the time talking. Gordon finishes up his story about his hunting trip, which really is not funny, even though Gordon's loud laugh would indicate otherwise. Dean chuckles lightly along, so as not to be rude, but honestly the story was quite tasteless, and on the verge of sexist.
Claire laughs. "Sure thing." She shoots him two finger guns back, then both girls turn and head back to the foyer and up the stairs, laughing as they go.
"It's alright, it's just embarrassing really." Cas says with a self deprecating laugh. "We were in my room, and I couldn't... Nothing was working. I had to use memories, and I was on enough shit that it worked, and isn't that just sad?" Cas drops his hands back to the table and looks out the window. "Afterward, she wouldn't talk to me. She was pissed."
He knows it's ridiculous, because she's fine. It was a routine surgery and she's young and healthy and they said it all went perfectly, but he can't help it. He cries until his tears dry up and then he just sits there holding her hand and watching her sleep.
"Cas" Dean gasped.
Dean peeled his eyes away from the beautiful scene in front of him, and looked at Cas. "This is... really nice."
Dean smiled, and turned back to his plate.
"Look, people want sex. They go out with me to get in my pants, we have sex, and they move on. I am well past the one night stand part of my life, but I get that some people aren't. We had sex, so you can move on. No hard feelings."
Once his heartbeat returns to somewhat normal, he begins to drift off, a small smile on his lips.
Cas watches him for another minute, and when he says nothing else Cas huffs his annoyance and goes back into the house.
." Dean says emphatically, slapping the counter for emphasis.
"If you're gonna hang out while I try to sleep, might as well be comfortable" Dean answered the unasked question.
Charlie pauses for a second, then says hesitantly
"I love you too, Dean."
Cas breathed a sigh of relief and pulled Dean to him, crushing him in a hug.
"Maybe for me, but not for him."
"Oh, sweetheart" Dean says, hand running up Cas arm, the back of his neck, into his hair. "I want you, I want you so much, and I don't care that you've never been with someone before. That doesn't matter to me. What matters is making sure you're comfortable, and that you're completely ready. I want to make you feel good, and I don't want you to have any doubts when we get there."
"Cas" Dean's voice breaks. "Just give me five minutes. After five years of marriage, can't you just give me that?"
He saw Cas shake his head. "You dont need to explain. I'm perfectly capable of understanding what happened. Just let me leave."
"So, Cas... Hes...?" She wasnt sure how to word what she wanted to ask.
After they've showered, Dean offers Cas some clean clothes but Cas declines. Dean heads downstairs, and Cas puts on his slacks and button up from the night before, carrying his jacket, tie, and waistcoat as he enters the kitchen a few minutes after Dean.
It's too much, so Cas does none of that. He unwraps his sandwich and takes a bite, and it's the best damn breakfast sandwich he's ever had.
Okay, the other three he gets, if kids named them. "Why Heather?"
Dean found the sensitive space where Cas' neck met his shoulder, and he bit down hard, grabbing Cas' hips and pulling him against him at the same time.
"You used to trust me. Give me the benefit of the doubt. Now you can barely look at me. My powers are failing, and I've tried to talk to you over and over, and you just dont want to hear it. You dont care. I'm dead to you. You still blame me for Mary."
"Hey, you're getting the hang of this!" Courtney said, smiling at Cas. "Yes, I'm coming."
Dean wants to ask so badly, wants to say 'hey dude, what's with the door? And the plant last week?' But he's a professional damnit, and it's really none of his business. Fern Guy isn't bothering anyone, so Dean just continues on like this is normal.
As Cas moved further down, Dean felt his tip his the back of Cas throat, and couldnt control himself. He let loose the most intense moan "mmmnnghhh Cas!"
After they've left and Emma's gifts are put away, the two of them collapse on the couch. Charlie should be there soon, and Dean really needs a nap, or at least to rest before the gaggle of teenage girls descends upon his house like dementors and suck the rest of his energy out to satiate their ever hungry souls.
Feeling Dean solid and warm against him sends shivers of arousal and want through him. He can feel it curling in his stomach, and pulls Dean even tighter against him, deepening the kiss.
As Cas entered his room and flipped the light on, he noticed something on his bed. Walking over, he set the shirts on his bed, and picked it up. It was clothes. Dean's clothes.
"Cas" Dean moaned. "Please dont stop."
Cas ground down against Dean, and heard Dean let out a beautiful moan. He really enjoyed making Dean make that noise. He pushed down again causing more friction. He felt Dean grip his bare back, blunt nails digging in.
Emma, looking sheepish, replies. "Yeah, we did. We have a while until it's due, we just wanted to pick a topic."
"Yeah, Cas, that's fine." Dean pulled out of the garage to the road, and Cas pointed him to turn right.
"It was more than that." Emma says, and when he looks at her she looks almost smug, which is a foreign look on his daughter. Claire must be rubbing off on her already.
Cas moved his lips further down Dean's stomach, kissing along the waistband of his pants. "What do you want?" He asked, his voice low with desire.
Dean sighs, pretty sure he knows exactly who this man is. "I didn't say a word to him."
Satisfied with that, Cas' mouth made it's way down Dean's neck to his chest. Tracing the hard lines with his tongue, Cas could feel Dean becoming increasingly desperate against him.
Taking his supplies to the sink, he washes them and cleans up, before heading outside and calling the chickens to him. He gets them settled in the shed he's using as their home, and goes inside the house.
The drunker Dean got, the more he'd touch Cas. It started with just a small brush of his arm, or a hand on the shoulder. Leading up to Dean laying his hand on Cas leg and rubbing his thigh. Cas kept watching Dean, with a half smile on his face, making sure he wasnt getting too drunk to function.
Sam left, and didnt bother him again that day. Dean spent the rest of the day thinking about how bad he fucked up.
Cas is distressed now for a completely different reason, having an internal break down of sorts. Now is not the time for this, but he can't stop it.
"Ah, yes" Cas says, a bit nervously. "All the wood we've been working on? It's all going to build you your own workshop, on the other side of the yard. I'm not very good with that kind of thing, so I was hoping you'd help me with it."
Dean looked at Cas and smiled, grabbing ahold of his hand and following her.
Once again, trying to focus on the task at hand, Cas felt Dean's hand slide up his leg, now resting it at the very top of his thigh. Cas breathed slowly, attempting to control the way his heart sped up. What was Dean doing? His brother was right across the room.
Dean feels disheartened at this, but he understands. Cas probably has shit to do. "Alright, let me throw some shoes on and I can drive you."
"I know." Dean tilted his head up and kissed Cas one last time. "We should get back, Sammy's probably already there and wondering what happened."
Cas' arms are around him then, and he's crying into Cas' chest, tears staining his shirt. Dean hasn't cried in a long time, not really, not like this. And now that it's started, he doesn't know how to make it stop.
They heard a knock on the livingroom door and broke apart, panting. "Damnit, what?!" Dean growled. 'At least they knocked this time' he thought.
He doesn't really think about the fact that it's just after 10 in the morning and they're probably still closed until he's pulling into the parking lot, but there's a neon sign in the window that says open so he parks and goes inside.
Dean nodded, and headed towards the door, Cas following right behind.
Yes, they were kids. But Dean had made promises and said things and Cas was so broken afterwards that it took Claire's existence for him to move on from it.
Courtney nodded. "Your boyfriend?" She asked.
"What's up bitche- oh!" Charlie says, and they pull apart and look at her, and she's grinning. "I see."
"She looked like she was in pain after dinner, but she said it was probably just cramps and that she was fine. It just kept getting worse, and I don't think its cramps. She can barely move now, and she keeps holding her side." Charlie says, and Dean can see she's trying hard not to panic.
Cas chuckled and shook his head. "Sleep Dean."
Before Dean knew it, he was pulling into the parking lot of the bar in town. He'd already had those couple of drinks back at the bunker, but he definitely needed more.
"Well, anyway, thanks for having her. I'll pick her up tomorrow, she said she'd just text me when she's ready" Cas says, getting ready to turn toward the door.
"Oh. Sure Sam" Cas said, moving to sit at the table opposite him. He removed his trench coat and blazer before sitting down, rolling up the sleeves of his white dress shirt. He pulled a book towards him and opened it, looking at the pages.
He caught up to Dean just as he was reaching out to open the door to his room. "Dean, wait."
: But you don't have to. You know, if you don't want to.
