He didn't look up when Sam stepped into the room, but when Bobby joined him a little later, he put an arm over the sofa back and pulled himself up.
"Look, I’m fine. Really."
When was the last time he'd uncorked a bottle of wine? It’d been years ago. Dean hated wine. He liked beer and hard liquor, and at some point Sam had automatically adapted to his taste. He'd dabbled in drinking cheap wine in college with Jessica. Dean had put an immediate stop to it when he'd fetched him under the guise of finding their father.
He shakes his head. "No, I’m fine."
"I take whatever you deem to be a good choice."
"Is that them?" She squints at the screen.
It was supposed to sound funny, but when the words left his mouth he noticed how bitter they were.
"Should I not have complimented his cooking?" Castiel asks.
"You should take a shower,” he said. "And change your clothes and throw those pants away. Your father shouldn't see you like this.”
When Castiel didn’t answer, Sam faltered. "You agree with him?"
The bed opposite his, the one covered by that ugly yellow, moth-eaten throw, was still empty despite the late hour.
"If Sam wants to spend time on his own, there is no need to lie. He should know that."
"I could strangle her!"
"There was a couple who got into a fight. The husband told his wife that he did not enjoy her cooking, despite having claimed to do so for many years before."
"Why would you not care?"
Dean nodded.
"Yeah. Sure. Cas here can just get a bit over-anxious at times." He pats Castiel’s shoulder, who’s visibly more relaxed now that he knows Sam is okay.
"Let me take over for a bit," Sam says lamely, for the third time.
Dean scoffs. "The way you drink it? I doubt it. The way you've been gulping down triple espressos since you were, what, 12? Besides, that's not what I meant. You always get these girly drinks that barely pass as coffee. You know, the shit that’s so fucking sweet that I can barely get it down. So: what's the difference? Why is a vanilla soy frappé hippie whatever okay, but a piece of bacon is the devil?"
"I took care of her just fine."
"Awesome. This day is just going to be great."
"Why the hell not? We thought she was it."
"You should feel honored. If I try to sing her a lullaby, she puts her finger to her lips and says something like: Shhhh, silence."
In a little while, Dean drops them off at the old people's home.
She bit her lip while a waiter cleared their plates.
"But you understand me too," Castiel says. It sounds a bit like a question.
"Yup." Dean slurps his milkshake; he holds the cup precariously from above, the tips of his fingers touching the rim like a 5-legged spider.
He shoves himself against the hard metal, hoping that there's no magical warding and no guard waiting for him on the outside.
"You know what I mean."
Jody shakes her head at Dean. "Because this isn’t my first rodeo?"
He grins, almost leeringly. It looks wrong in combination with Castiel’s features.
"Were you just playing footsie?" Dean’s mouth is full of food. It’s difficult to tell if he’s amused or angry. "Maybe you should wait until we’re back in the bunker. You’ve got to pace yourself for another 15 hours or so."
He tagged along to a hunt last week. It should have been a simple enough affair. He’d thought hunting a wendigo might bring his brother out of his shell a little, but afterwards Dean had wished he hadn't asked Sam to come at all.
And then there was the other big why, the one he could never answer himself.
"No!" Sam shakes his head. "I don't see or hear him anywhere. I'm fine. I swear."
"We don't even know if it's a case yet. And I didn't say I wasn't gonna go, just that I could use a day off."
“Charlie can stay with Cas, right?” Sam asked his daughter, a pleading tone to his voice. "He said he’d take over your lessons today."
He feels an odd sense of exhilaration as a sort of epiphany overcomes him.
"Hello, Charlie," Castiel said.
He remembers months ago, when they talked about moving out. When they fantasized about how they'd live on their own, far away from him. And why shouldn't they? They're obviously happy together. Maybe Dean's holding them back from having a normal relationship the way he's been holding Sam back from living the life he wants since, oh, well, ever since he stole him away from college. Dean knows he's got no claim on Sam and Castiel, but it feels like he should have. The thought of them leaving makes him nauseous.
He doesn't think he's made her feel any better but at least she's still working the case.
"Whatever you two were going for here, but I'm pretty sure that's not how it's done."
"Whatever it is, it's an hour away and I don't want to be late."
Dean waits outside the bathroom, until he can hear the shower being turned on. Then he gets the beer bottles he’s left in Sam’s room and heads to the kitchen to put them in the fridge again.
She keeps throwing him looks, until she finally asks, "If he's an angel, shouldn't he be able to… fight off whatever it is we're up against? Or do you think something else happened to them?"
"Maybe once this case is over?"
Lila’s face remained blank. "And if I say you can go, will you use your powers to avenge those scumbag hunters you didn’t even know?"
There’s a rush of blood to Sam’s ears, that lets him hear his own heart beat clearly for just a short moment. "Oh?"
to work very much. But if it doesn't, as Dean predicted it won't and as my fears tell me it won't, then this negates nothing about what I've said about helping you. Maybe this is obvious to you, but in case it isn't: you won't ever cease to be my friend and I won't ever stop wanting to help you. How much I care about you doesn't go away if you should ever decide to abort this form of relationship. I'll always be there for you, even if the capacities of how that may look could change."
"A task I failed miserably."
"I didn't see anything coming this way."
"Nothing."
"Did she say anything else?"
Jody immediately opens the door, a beer in her hands, when they ring the bell. "I thought I heard you guys." She steps aside and lets them in.
"But if you can see how we really are, and if you tell other people how we really are." She shrugged. "The world doesn't change in one day and heaven probably doesn't either, but who knows? Maybe one day?"
"What happened?" Castiel asks.
Sam feels a brush of lips against his skin.
"Is it?" Dean fixes his brother's eyes. "Is it going to happen again?"
He sits down on the bed. He kicks off his shoes. The mattress isn't as awfully soft as he's used to when they're on the road.
"What?" Dean asks sharply. "What do you think I should be doing? Make you promise stuff you don't know if you can keep?"
"I am happy." She took a step back and studied him. "Did Dean manage to talk you into this nonsense? That I’m just trying to relive your glory days? He did, didn’t he?"
Dean and Charlie glared at each other for a second, then they moved on; they were both used to this.
You create control wherever by making rigid rules you stick to. If circumstances change, and it becomes impossible to keep up the rules, you make new ones you stick to just as strictly. Most of the stuff is small, and doable anywhere anyway. The time your alarm rings; the minutes you allow yourself to shower. Maybe a few weirder ones, too, that you wouldn't feel comfortable disclosing even to the people closest to you.
She pulled a face like she didn't know. “Sometimes he's not here. I mean, he doesn't sleep so -" She looked at him with a great deal of pity in her eyes.
Castiel still had his arms around him. Sam tried to focus on the touch, on the soft pressure of his fingers against his skin.
"Leave him be," Sam is heaving Jennifer’s body upwards now, slinging her over her shoulder like it’s nothing to him. "Can’t you tell he’s in shock?"
"What don’t you want me to call him? Prophet or your boyfriend?"
"I didn't lie. We did go out to eat and I told you, we were going to do something else afterwards.”
Castiel sits down next to Dean. They look like a united front. Maybe they planned this moment as an intervention of sorts. They are waiting for Sam to speak, but he still doesn't know what there is to say.
He unfolds it and starts skimming.
He tries to think about this rationally. This feels a little bit like they're doing this for his benefit only. Is that what really set him off? He dares to look up at Castiel, who looks back, with questions on his face. There’s something inherently awkward about discussing sex, but this is a whole other level of discomfort.
"I know it’s not the Hilton and your apartment in Seattle was a million times more beautiful, modern and superior in every way." He let go of Castiel who was still looking at him with unfathomable eyes. Dean wondered if it was because he didn’t know what he was supposed to say or if he didn’t understand what Dean was talking about. "Real estate prices in California are a little crazy. Even my super smart brother must have realized what he was getting himself into when he started looking for houses out here."
Which, Dean thinks, is not really fair.
"To my daughter and her birthday,“ Castiel tried. He made it sound like a question.
Castiel makes a head gesture that is somewhere between a shake and a nod. He somehow manages to make it look both hilarious and endearing.
"I mean, not to sound whiny or anything, but my advice would be not to expect fairness when it comes to stuff like this."
"How do you mean?"
It feels different than standing while staring into the sky. Somehow he’s closer to the skies even though he’s further away.
"I don’t give a fuck about your honor! I don't want any of this!"
"Because what you want matters."
He could tell that Dean was serious by the hard expression on his face alone.
"Yeah, that's what people do, Cas. They lie when they're uncomfortable."
Dean stops to get some burgers on the way. Once they're in the bunker, they hunker down around the table in the library. Sam takes the offered beer, but Castiel declines with a shake of his head.
Sam puts a hand to his chest. "Like I suddenly can't breathe anymore. And that's just with memories. The past days... I told you, Dean, I knew he wasn't real, but it was still so different. I really saw him, heard his voice and everything –and I just, I don't know, retreated into how I always knew to be around him. The way I learnt to survive him." He hacks out a small laugh. "Well, survive is probably not the right word. What I mean is, it doesn't feel like a choice, it never does."
He forced his eyes open.
"You okay?"
"Well, guess what, we’re not normal." He points between himself and Sam. "You’re not normal. If you were you wouldn’t be crying into your pillow because your favorite angel’s fucked off for a while and isn’t there to hold your hand."
Sam feels uncomfortable, even after Castiel has pulled his hand away and taken the dizziness along with it.
"I can’t believe I let myself be talked into driving you guys to fancy coffee places."
He knew that he was looking at the past through rose-tinted glasses and ironing out all the arguments and conflicts that had existed between them even then. But still: In moments like this the past shone brightly and he missed it with all his heart.
"That doesn't make much sense. Are you sure you are okay? You're still behaving very strangely, ever since last night. Dean thinks you might-"
For some reason there's no fighting back.
He wants to ask Castiel what he's even getting out of this. It's on the tip of his tongue, but he's not sure if he wants to hear the answer. He can't bear the thought that Castiel does any of this out of a false sense of sympathy or duty. There is no way to ask this without sounding insane. And he wouldn’t be completely sure if he’s just asking about the sex.
"You don't know that. You don’t know where he is, you don't know if he's in danger."
While perusing the paper —more than half of it is just ads for local businesses— Dean tries to ignore his brother and Castiel across from him. They’re talking in a low tone, but carefully just loud enough so he could join in on the conversation, if only he wanted. How polite of them.
"No, no, I didn't mean just not when I'm around. I meant in general."
It’s a real memory of Jess. He’s fairly certain, at least. But he can never be sure. There’s no one to ask who could confirm or deny it. It was only him and her. His hand gliding over the pink glow of her cheeks.
Dean shuts the door, leaves his hand flat against the wood.
"I don't need to do what?" She pulls up a corner of her mouth.
"I'm sorry that you have so little confidence in me and our relationship.”
Wait a minute. This wasn't Castiel's voice at all.
The skepticism on her face remains. She turns to Castiel, gives him a once-over, like she's trying to adjust what she sees to what she already knows about him. Which is what exactly?
She picks him up from the motel ten minutes later.  She must have run to her car and sped here. She turns to him from the driver's seat. "You think they got infected or cursed or whatever you call it when a God has it out for you?"
Sam finds himself nodding. "Yeah, I guess so. Of course."
"You don't eat your own species. Neither do I. Looks the same to me."
"Right."
"It’s like rain on your wedding day. It’s a free ride when you’ve already paid," Charlie sang along. She had a good singing voice, but before Dean could comment on it, she had turned to the bar and ordered two beers.
Maybe hunting would do him good. It would give him a chance to get out of the house more, for one thing. Get his mind off this nightmare that his life had become.
He’s not in the bunker a lot of times, but he does understand.
He patted Sam's shoulder, which was the greatest physical affection he had shown Sam in years.
"We're talking about my daughter."
Dean once said that Castiel only ever wore one facial expression. It was an exaggeration, even back then when they hardly knew him, but it seemed true enough then. Sam knows that he himself tends to be overly expressive. If he's pissed, people often can tell by his eyes alone. If he's happy, his whole face shows it. Castiel is much more subtle in showing his emotions: He holds his head at an angle where he can watch Sam. He blinks in short repetitions, as if receiving short pricks of pain. Through of all of, Sam feels in control.
Okay, that’s clearly bullshit. That’s something Dean would hardly allow himself to think, let alone say out loud.
"Do I? Cause I think we're pretty stuck here. And I have literally no clue what's been happening in Heaven or with the other angels or anything else lately, because Cas won't ever talk about it!"
Upset isn't the right word to describe how he feels. Sobered maybe. Annoyed at himself, that there's a part of him that held out some hope for a different outcome.
"This might sound cheesy..." Sam smiles at the absurd insecurity in his own words. So much of their conversation could be classified as cheesy. Castiel obviously does not mind too much. "I cared about you from the beginning, you know, and then you kind of became my best friend, before I was even sure if you liked me. We've been through so much shit and... I never stopped caring about you. Never. And that's not just you, that's how I work. I have never stopped caring about people I truly cared about. People I've loved... all of them, I still sort of love."
Sam knows what he's doing. He puts on his puppiest of puppy looks. "Would you be willing to answer some questions about what went down before he left? We'd really appreciate your help."
"Yes. It upsets your brother as well."
"I had no intention of hurting you," Castiel promises, just as he did yesterday, as if that’s the same as offering a real explanation.
He stands up when they enter the room, which is not something he normally bothers to do.
They had been here before. There was no point in repeating these conversations over and over again.
"Jody told us you headed straight to bed when we left."
"No, I don’t think so.” Sam went in to hug her, he was glad to see she let him. "You shouldn't want something like that." He kissed her hair, but now she twisted away a little. "You know that Castiel makes Dean very happy."
"If we're lucky he won't ask questions, and omitting details is not lying."
"So I talked to Lauren for a bit," Dean says.
"You heard me all the way from there?"
lucid, but he’s obviously not.
"I'm fine", he says, glad this car ride is almost over.
They’re still decent, fully dressed even and everything is quite innocent.
Cas pulls away anyway and leans into the backseat. He folds his hands in his lap.
He opened his eyes.
"Come on." He placed a kiss onto her hair, right next to a clip holding a dark strand in place. "We don't want to keep Daddy Cas busy forever. Who knows what kind of plans he's got for later tonight?"
In a groggy voice - he's either just woken up or never went to sleep in the first place - Dean tells him he's fine and that he headed out to do "that spike thingy case" last night on a whim.
"Oh, I always figured they would be the same."
He’s not sure if that’s a good thing, but it sure feels good to hear.
He's really going to do that. What for? Dean's desperate need to keep things as they always were —his over the top nostalgia for the things used to be— is almost as infuriating as his lies.
"Greg was a yoga teacher," she says. "The gentlest guy you can imagine. He was really in touch with himself. He—" She looks up at the still ceiling fan above their heads. "He wouldn't hurt a fly."
Sam clutches Castiel's body tightly, pulls them together.
"Yes,
He glanced at the alarm clock on Sam's bedside table - it was completely unnecessary, all angels could always determine the exact time. It was a quarter to six. Not long and the alarm clock would ring. He snuggled closer to Sam. Feeling his heartbeat and the vitality of his blood pumping through his veins, he thought of Dean and how it had felt to lie next to him and feel his warmth. A similar feeling of safety and love, and yet so different.
"Well, I fucked up and got myself caught." Sam doesn't really see the benefit of explaining the details. It's something to do with having too much compassion and underestimating vulnerable looking women.
"Of course."
"Bullshit. He's worse than that one time that bitchy witch tricked us into taking buttloads of LSD. He's high as a kite. I thought he was going to lick your face and fondle your feathers there for a minute, right in front of me."
Castiel peeks through the backseat window. He doesn't look away when Dean mouths a 'What?' at him, but he shows no signs of recognition either.
"I didn't know he was going to come up." Sam looked unsettled, his face twisting as if it couldn’t decide which feeling to settle on.
"But-"
"The Winchesters, your raison d’être," one of the angels he’d never met before had aptly commented. He had grinned at him, holding his angel blade close to the soft skin on Castiel’s neck, while he’d hung, suspended from the air. "Tell me about them."
At first, Dean thinks he's just imagining things.
"Dean doesn't live in the bunker anymore. He travels through the country. Hunting monsters and saving people."
Tomorrow in the news they'll speak of the desecrating of a grave.
"I’m not pissed off," he says, his voice softer now. "I’m just…" He takes a step back and leans against the projector. "I didn’t want to do this in front of Cas."
Maybe Dean is right. Maybe this is simple.
Sam rubs over his temple. He’s battling a searing headache, just like he knew he would last night.
"Hey."
"Do you want me to-"
"Oh, I forgot."
Dean leaned against the door frame. He wet his lips and let his eyes slide over the room, slowly taking everything in. He took his jacket off before he spoke again.
Sam wondered if watching Castiel undress would ever feel more normal, and not like something vaguely forbidden. He sat still on the bed, and suppressed the urge to turn his body away from Castiel as he pulled his shirt off. Castiel already tended to look a little naked with just his trench coat and shoes off. The more layers he peeled off, the more human he seemed. It wasn't sexy per se — he still looked a little awkward in his underwear and undershirt, but it felt homey and private. Sam enjoyed the thought that no one else got to see him like this.
"Do you want to go back to the car?" Castiel asks.
She looked for a vase in one of the kitchen cupboards.
They both fell silent when they saw him coming. Castiel glanced at him with a sad and spooked look on his face.
He lets himself fall into one of the chairs and looks between Sam and Cas. "Why are you guys staring like that?"
Castiel stared after her. Then he looked at Dean.
"I remember you slept very uneasily that night. I tried to calm you."
"Oh." Castiel turns to him, all bright eyes. "There was something else Dean said."
"Because I wanted to go with him.”
"Yes."
"He didn't get an organic brand." Her glare suggested that it was a matter of life and death. "Maybe he doesn't care that if we continue to shoot so much CO2 into the atmosphere, the world will be an uninhabitable place in thirty years because he will be long dead by then. But since I still can’t use my grace, I have a legitimate interest that his generation does not plunder the earth like-" she paused, "like an electrical store on Black Friday."
Castiel smiles, unsure if he said something funny by accident.
"Sorry," she apologizes to Castiel. "I’m not really well-versed in the whole angel thing. Do you guys eat?"
"Don’t mock me."
"She was crying."
Two mothers talked about a birthday party that they thought had gone horribly wrong. They wouldn’t let their children attend again. Words like "store-bought cake" and "no real entertainment program" were thrown around. He thought of how they had spent Charlie's seventh birthday picnicking in the woods. There had been no guests; it had just been Sam, Dean and himself. The leaves had been a shade of bright green that only existed in the first light days of May, and any fight had seemed endlessly far away. Maybe that's why it was one of his most treasured memories.
"Look," Dean said, pointing to his bare back. "That’s got to be the first sunburn of my life."
"Are you asleep, Dean?"
Dean swallows hard. He takes a step backwards. "No," he finally says. "Nothing’s changed. We’re stuck and we need some outside help."
There’s something strange about digging up bones with the sun still shining and birds chirping in the trees.
Sam grabs his collar violently, wants to push him away but pulls him closer.
It’s a flight response, Dean knows. He’s just not entirely sure what he’s running from.
"Then tell me!"
"That's not usually the kind of information you get in your intro to witchcraft books though. I mean, for the longest time we didn't even know angels existed, and we'd read all kinds of lore. Dad didn't even know."
Sam furrowed his brow.
Sam looked tired. "Please just go to school without the drama today, okay? We pay a fortune for your education. And we pay it with the money I make at my job. Because, if you remember, you hated when we had to sell stuff from the bunker. You can't have it both ways.”
"He has?" He cleared his throat. He'd been trying very hard to be as diplomatic as possible.
"Do you think I should have told her?"
The coffee was ready. Sam put one of the cups down in front of Dean and sat down in the chair opposite him.
"Whatever you wanted? Like what? Besides the naked thing?"
"Are you?"
"All I meant to say is that it is important for Charlie that we are a united front. As parents."
Dean watches his brother cross the room to the door.
Sam opened the door to the hall as he heard their voices loud and clear. He paused, the door barely cracked up.
"Really? Wow."
"She was brought in three days ago," she says. "Her boyfriend found her a day after the attack."
She nodded.
"Are you police?" Her hand moves towards the door frame, visibly suspicious.
"Why?"
"Oh, uh, yes. I've got a casserole in the oven?”
"My distraction," Sam repeats with a quick shake of his head.
Castiel tries to interpret the look on Dean’s face. There’s guilt in his eyes.
He wants to hear Castiel laugh at his questions like Sam has. Not to take them seriously and ponder for way too long.
"He died recently," Sam prompts.
"Dean?" She looked up at him. "It was my grace that rejected the baby. I felt that something was wrong and wanted to heal myself but…" Her voice was little more than a whisper. "For my grace that just meant getting rid of everything that wasn’t part of me. I killed it."
"Yeah, we were just-"
It was as if Sam hadn’t even heard him.
"God." Sam presses his eyes together. "That all sounds so stupid."
"Yeah, exactly.”
It doesn’t really matter, because within seconds it becomes clear that whatever happened between the two of them last night, whatever Castiel ended up saying to Sam, it went well.
"That’s not what I wanted to say at all." Sam looks miserable. "Look, I’m only- I understand if you’re not comfortable with this. I swear, I’d also prefer not having this discussion at all. But you know, what you said, about you deserving to know the truth, I think you were right."
"Come on, Sam," Dean huffs and rolls his eyes. "That's obviously not what I meant. I know Cas is one of the good guys."
"I know that you blame yourself for my death and think that we would all have been better off without you but..." He shook his head. He held her so tightly that she was forced to look at him. "Yes, it's true. I didn't plan to have you and I was really not in a good place when I heard that you were, well, on the way." The sound that escaped his lungs had a strange husky quality to it. "But you saw me back there." He indicated behind him. "I wasn't happy then either. My life was going nowhere before I had you." He broke off and waited until she looked up at him again.
Castiel puts the phone onto the dashboard. "Why are you thanking me?" Castiel shoves his hand under Sam's, cradling it. Hooded blue eyes look up at Sam, waiting for an answer.
He found Dean slouched on a plastic chair, his jacket folded over the back of it. Sam knew his brother was drunk before he’d even stepped up to him. He told him he was going to head back to the hotel, and asked whether he was going to be okay. Dean told him he would be.
"Please don't harm her. It's not her fault.” Dean heard Charlie sobbing before she was pulled away by Sam.
"Yeah. Exactly. I don't even know if they bought or thought I was doing bullshit work, but I flashed my brightest smile at them and it worked. So…"
»No. And since you seem to have about as much of a clue about what the hell is going on, I'd say we better figure it out soon.«
Dean slams his drink down onto the coaster a little too hard, a few droplets fly out and onto the napkin and the polished wood. The bartender gives him a curious look, but then she smiles. Her red lips part and reveal a little gap between her teeth. This is his opening, he knows. This is where he is going to charm her. But instead he just says, "Another one."
"I love you," Sam said suddenly. It sounded strangely weighty and sincere in his ears. As if he hadn't said it countless times before. When they said goodbye. When they had sex. Or after one of their few arguments - they have hardly quarreled since they were together, which was a little surprising, if he thought about it now, and a +1 for Sam on the Dean / Sam list.
"But I know what it's like to be an angel who has been expelled from heaven."
"Yes," Cas nods. "Of course."
Castiel is surprised.
"Dean," he heard Castiel say behind him. "Was this really necessary?"
"Of course not."
Dean forces himself to look, really look at his brother’s face. "Life is tough sometimes, that doesn’t mean-"
Dean swirls his index finger through the syrup on his plate. He gets up, sucking on his finger, while Sam’s hurrying off to the parked Impala.
"What do you mean?"
They’re about halfway through Paradise City, when Castiel says that he was serious about the atrocious coffee earlier. He tells Dean to drive off the main road.
"What is wrong?", Castiel asks, stepping closer.
Sam can see the disappointment in Cas' eyes every time anew, as if he hasn't been shoved away countless times before. He should be used to it by now.
"I’m going to look for a case," Dean says, already turning to leave.
"Your parents for one thing."
Dean’s missed this.
Castiel’s eyes softened. "My question about your condition was of a more general nature."
"Right now all I want is to go to sleep."
"You did not sleep with her?" Castiel asks, surprised.
"Just a few more times, and you'll be a pro."
"Shut up, Sam," Dean said good-naturedly. "Water under the bridge."
Castiel hands his coffee to Dean.
And maybe he just didn't care about what Sam thought after all, of the fact that he really didn’t want Dean to hunt again. Maybe it was a good thing that Sam was afraid.
Castiel puts his head to one side and considers him closely.
"Isn't that terrible?"
"What? No! Of course not."
The man is startled when Sam approaches him. He brushes through his grey-tinted hair, while eyeing him tiredly.
"Dinner? Isn't it a little early for that?"
"It's okay. I didn't ask if you had a girlfriend, either."
"It’s never good to suppress parts of yourself."
"Glug glug glug." Charlie laughed and held out an empty beer bottle towards them. The other bottles were spread around her on the floor. "Look, daddy —I'm drinking beer."
He wonders what that says about him. Is he really so attention-starved that he'd rather have the devil torture him than face his normal albeit bleak existence.
"I know, Sam."
"I do feel sorry for you." He talks deliberately slowly, as if speaking to a young child. "I want you to feel better and if I can bring you some comfort with my company, I welcome that. But I would not spend so much time and energy on you out of selflessness or duty."
"Alright." Castiel settles back into his seat.
They don’t stay for long after the guy just keeps repeating the same lines about just how hurt and betrayed he felt, smoking cigarette after cigarette.
"So a rabid bear took a girl's heart, and you didn't want anyone to know, because you were worried they'd start... imitating a rabid bear?" Dean asks, eyebrows raised.
It’s strange, spending this much time in a high school and not having Dean make one dumb cheerleader comment. It would probably sound hollow even to his own ears right now. Knowing that Sam now knows that his true type is more angel in a trench coat than teenager in a skimpy outfit.
Sam checks the time on his laptop, it's not even midnight yet. A little irritated, he looks up at Castiel, who glances back in serenity. Then he strokes his thumb over Sam's hand, gentle but filled with meaning.
Dean leans into the warmth of the grace. He sighs, an involuntarily audible slip.
, he wants to say.
"How are you feeling now?" Castiel puts his palm on Sam's face and makes him turn back to him.
Then again, maybe that’s just the thing: it feels pretty similar to how he’s been feeling lately too. Only there’s no actual apocalypse looming this time, no immediate threat of Sam or Cas dying (or himself, if he still cared about that). He shouldn’t be feeling so freaking useless and up in the air right now.
Sam sighed and wiped his hands dry on the towel.
Charlie had grown louder. When Castiel answered her, Dean realized why he hadn't understood her: she wasn’t babbling nonsense, she was speaking another language.
"As long as you're nodding off in the middle of the day, I wouldn’t take your word for it."
"I trust him. He wouldn’t lie."
It was still impossible for him to accept that there were things Castiel knew about his brother that were completely foreign to him.
"I'm awfully sorry you guys got sent here for nothing. There must have been some communication problem upstairs."
Castiel thought about this for a moment.
Sam closes the space between them.
She gives him a look of sympathy. "If they did, they'll eventually turn up somewhere."
Of course this is the moment when Sam decides to return from the bathroom.
Sam slaps his hand away.
"No, but a date - That sounds so serious."
"I guess I should have gotten us two rooms now, huh?" Dean says, throwing his bag onto one bed. "Sorry, brain fart. Next time."
When they were done, they stood at the counter in the kitchen for a moment, looking around indecisively.
He did want someone by his side —at this point they hadn't been sure what kind of demon they were up against after all— and Sam was the better choice. He was the more experienced hunter. The fact that Dean found him less distracting helped. For the past weeks, Sam had been sharp and on his game, and Dean would have been an idiot to not take advantage of it.
Dean pulled back a little until their faces were only inches apart. "I hate fighting with you.”
"Did you ice her?" Dean asks.
"Given your history of substance abuse, I'm not sure that's a very flattering comparison."
He likes a lot of things.
Chapter Title Taken from
Dean just kept looking at her, instead of focusing on the street.
"I understand that you're just trying to be careful for my sake, but I'm telling you you don't need to be. I'm fine now. I’m good." His voice makes a funny little hitch, one he recognizes from when he gets defensive. "I want to know what you want."
Dean laughed humorlessly. "Of course. Could have been about Charlie."
Charlie's eyes were on fire. Nothing about her at that moment reminded Dean of Sam anymore, but everything of Castiel. Back when they had hardly known each other and Castiel had not been very different from the other angels who had come to fight their final battle on earth.
For whatever reason, something in Dean breaks and opens.
Advances. That can mean a lot.
"Well, we’ll listen to your stuff when it’s your turn to drive."
She nodded, and in that very moment she reminded him of the child she had once been.
Dean took Castiel’s hands in his.
"I know who I'm talking to. A self-centered bitch who is upset no one gives a damn about her anymore. No one prays to you anymore. You're like every other over bloated egomaniacal monster I've killed." Akiko points her gun, but it sails out of her hand and thuds against the wall. Akiko scrambles to fetch it.
"No, of course not. It’s just gonna take a minute."
He turns his head and looks at the pile of ash on the ground. Where moments before he’s watched his brother straddle the fake version of his boyfriend.
Sam squeezed Castiel's knee, a little awkwardly.
"You know I've never actually been with him for any significant amount of time without you around?" Sam looks pensive. "Isn't that weird? You're so integral to us that the thought of being on my own with him is…" He clears his throat.
"You are worried about Sam?"
Sam stared into the empty hallway.
"Man, you've spent too much time with Sam. You're getting just as wussy and emotional as him. You don't have to hash out every little detail. Is he still pissed about the kitsune thing?"
"Do you want me to leave you two alone?" Castiel asks. He sounds unsure what he’d prefer himself.
"Yeah, there’s probably nothing the EMF could detect. It’s not a ghost. We’ll meet you at the school. And don’t let the scary moms get you."
The motel room is locked, and once Sam breaks in, he finds it empty. Apart from its emptiness, there's nothing suspicious here either. He can't smell any strange smells. He can't see any signs of struggle. Dean's laptop lies next to his bed, alongside two empty bottles of beer. Sam picks up the laptop, types in the password and waits for the black screen to turn to colour. This mattress is cold too, Sam notices. The browser history tells him that Dean was working on the case late. Sam opens his emails, looks if he's written to anyone else but Jody. He spends a good 15 minutes going through the same websites as Dean did last night, scanning every word for some detail. For something that might explain him and Castiel leaving out of their own volition in the middle of the night. Maybe they found something so urgent they couldn't take Sam? Few things and even fewer people were powerful enough to steal away an angel just like that. If Castiel had been taken from their room by force, shouldn't there have been struggle and noise? The alternative seems much likelier: Castiel left the room with the explicit intent of not waking Sam. He and Dean had already been on their own when they were surprised by whatever they found and had to act fast.
Dean’s never had trouble driving and being mad at the same time.
She put her head back in Sam's lap.
"I know" Sam says, an unsure smile on his lips. "I just kind of expected you back earlier."
Sam stared at him for a while. He slipped his hand from his forehead. "What's the point of asking these hypothetical questions right now?"
Sam doesn't reply. He's glad he's lying on his stomach and that there's some physical distance between them.
"I got myself another room, so I can already get some sleep."
"Of course it is." Dean interrupted him. "We belong together. Sammy, you and me. Just because Sam is a little unstable because of Charlie right now doesn’t mean that something has to change, does it?"
Other times it feels like a really fucked up therapy session. Right now, intimacy always has the aftertaste of taking your medicine at regular intervals to make sure you won't get symptoms in the first place. Sam is still waiting for the ease, the spontaneity.
The mattress dipped as Dean sat down next to him. His face was very close when Castiel looked up at him.
"Thanks."
"Well, I’m coming from our place. Charlie said that you’d all come over an hour ago and so —"
"You okay to do this? I'd be all right if you don't want to."
"Your soul has been healed and mended before, Sam."
He nods towards the door. Sam follows him outside.
"At the coffee shop?"
"What’s wrong?"
Sex in hell, a double whammy. Although
Dean knows he needs to talk to Castiel if he wants to have the least of an inkling of what's really going on in Sam's mind. He despises the fact that he's backed himself into a corner where he's playing second fiddle to both of them.
"That's not a very flattering thing to hear," Castiel says, not without some bitterness in his voice.
Once they're untangled, he feels pretty silly sitting on his butt on the dirty road.
Dean thought.
"I know that the situation is complicated,” Castiel offered. “And I understand that you don't have very positive feelings towards me, and would rather not spend more time with me than necessary. I won't ask you to reconsider your feelings for me, but for Charlie's sake. Is it not the most important thing that we can brush aside these kinds of self-interests to focus on our daughter's welfare? Don't punish her for the mistakes I have made."
"Do you remember any winning numbers from the past eighteen years?"
In your arms.
"You're always just whining about her." Dean sped up the car. "You don't even know how lucky you are."
"Dean, that wasn't what I-"
"Not long." Castiel's head dips forward until his chin rests onto his own chest. He closes his eyes. "He probably won't feel too bad again until tomorrow morning."
Castiel seems to consider this for a moment, before answering.
Dean averts his eyes for a split second, but he's too curious.
Dean's hand moved from Castiel's shoulder over to the back of his neck and stayed there.
He took the sleeping baby out of the bed. Her eyelids twitched, but she stayed asleep.
"You think this is partly your own doing."
Jason nodded, though his face was hard to make out in the dark.
"Please. Please don’t say it’s a classic."
She nodded. "Yes."
"But you're a brave one, aren't you?" he asked.
Castiel steps closer to the bed, until their feet almost touch.
He decides to go back inside, when he sees the door opening in the distance.
Another thing on the list of things too difficult to find words for. Castiel doesn’t ask, and Sam is glad not to have to explain. So they both pretend it’s normal to grind up against someone, with a half moan on your lips one moment, only to go rigid the next and take a step back, put on a polite smile and act like you weren’t half-way into intercourse. It would be an understatement to say that it weighs on Sam’s mind.
The room doesn't feel half as bright anymore and the sickness is gone, but he still feels just as confused.
"I feel good." She nodded against him. "Really good."
Castiel tells the man why they are here and after a moment of hesitation and some coaxing from Dean, he starts talking. At the end, Castiel hands him a generous 50 bucks and they thank him for his help. He never leaves his sleeping bag the whole time. Dean gets it; it's freezing.
"When you asked me to stay with you," he eventually says. "Where you asking me to stay permanently?"
Other people confuse him with their intentions and expectations and their contradictions. It's so easy to disappoint people who think you could do better. That you could be a better version of yourself if you only tried hard enough.
"She is here in heaven?"
Occasionally it feels like they're playing a game with unclear rules. He enjoys that, figuring each other out and finding their boundaries. There's a strange thrill to the newness and potent danger. And in these moments they're in this together, both on the same page.
Her voice shouting "I’m back here again" echoed through the bunker, even when he didn’t see her anymore.
"I’ll never get tired of saying this, but you’re literally the biggest nerd I know."
"No." Castiel's voice is soft. "Although of course I wish you were less self-destructive."
Dean tears his eyes away and settles on watching Cas.
Sam suppressed the urge to turn around and take off. He couldn’t have left anyway. Instead of the bunker there was a bed in a mediocre hotel waiting for him tonight, and a mattress that was too soft and a little too short. He could hardly have told his daughter that he wasn’t going to be at her wedding because he had to leave on account of a melancholy attack.
"No, of course not. But if you want to cool things down..."
"I'm not a monster, you puny human." At least she was laughing again.
He’s a grown adult, he can deal with some shitty thoughts himself.
He knows one angel’s true form. He's seen how beautiful and dreadful and horrifying it can be. He can’t help but imagine now and then, how different Castiel's would be.
The guy, tiny thing, 5.3 at most, shoves his glasses into place. There's nothing threatening about him whatsoever. Flat black hair pasted to his head, a suit at least one size too big. He's got his nose perpetually upturnt like he's smelling something foul. It'd be so easy to get him out of the way, but Dean doesn't want any unnecessary hassle right now. He just wants to get the job done.
"Great," Dean says. He resists the urge to press the cold beer bottle to his left shoulder. "Well, that's good so you won't be missing much. Because next case, you're both on again."
"They do." He hates how cornered his brother can make him feel with just one look. "It's both. I just need to lie down."
"You meet many people who are important to you in life unexpectedly," Castiel pointed out. "So you liked her."
"She doesn't blame you."
»Nothing new in sight so far. And if there was, you'd know about it sooner than us.«
"Charlie, I get what you’re trying to do here, but that’s bullshit." He pulled her closer. "You were pregnant, weren’t you? And angels are usually dicks. That’s why they shouldn’t reproduce."
»No, I didn’t.«
"Yeah, we got more than enough till Kansas."
Castiel makes a face like he's bitten into a lemon. "You know that I'm not welcome in Heaven."
"You can't force me to just sit on my ass all day."
»No...« Sam pushed his face closer to the crack between door and doorframe, to hear Dean's soft voice. »No. That's not what I meant. I don't... I don't want you to go...«
"I love him."
"If it will make you leave," Dean says. "It's just a surface wound, though." He tries to swallow the dryness in his throat. Castiel steps closer, and places his warm fingers onto Dean's shoulder.
"No.”
He didn’t know what she meant.
"It is when you're the one picking them."
"Good for them." Sam wrung out the rag into one of the bowls.
Sam throws him a knowing glance. "You don't have to live here, Dean."
"Then enjoy your time away from
"No problem. If I'm lucky she won't wake up and you can talk to Castiel about... whatever it is that went down today."
Sam holds his neck, breathing heavily.
"Really? You thought of something less nerdy to pass the time now?"
"You just said I can't do anything. So I would mourn?”
Dean notices the big gash on Castiel’s shoulder. His shirt is ripped and there’s dried blood on a wound that looks deep.
»I had planned to leave when you fell asleep«, Castiel replied. »But you turn out to be very resistant to your own fatigue. The alcohol content of your blood would have been enough to make a medium-sized elephant faint.«
He’s going to protect Sam. Always. And if that means protecting him from his own feelings, he’s going to do just that.
It’s not an instant 180° turnaround. Still, he surprises himself. Once he's set his mind on it, things change fast.
"Vetalas," Dean explains. Then he remembers how Sam's last encounter with these creatures went. "Shit." He turns around. Castiel doesn't move an inch. Face to face and this close, the fear in Castiel's eyes is hard to miss.
Dean was glad when the next song began to play, so he'd finally be able to put the thoughts of Sam's life in Stanford out of his mind.
"I don't want to be any trouble."
It wasn't that unusual to hear Sam and Castiel arguing - he’d probably never get used to how much closer the two of them had grown over the last years. Even the way they fought seemed so much more personal and intimate now.
Dean eyes him. "All right."
not eating crappy popcorn.
"You slept with him?" Dean asked. "After Charlie, I mean."
He drew his attention back to the street.
"I know you always try to protect Sam from outward harm. But I expect he’ll feel worse when I’m gone. Just promise me you’ll be there for him."
"Wanna try that again?"
"Of course it’s a good idea." Dean pats Sam's shoulder. "Glad you're still alive, Sammy. Now please go and fuck off to bed. I've had more than enough emotional bonding talk crap today to last me a lifetime."
"But now that he’s back, all the things you told me aren’t true anymore?"
Sam is pretty sure Dean doesn't even like "South of Heaven". Maybe he's trying to provide some clever meta commentary, but somehow Sam doubts it.
"What is it then?"
Castiel puts a hand on his shoulder. "Are you okay, Dean?"
The abrupt cessation of suction leaves a dent in the plastic.
"We don't speak often. I was worried about Charlie, but I knew that my worries were probably unfounded, so I didn't want to wake you up.”
"When?"
"Maybe," she said.
Dean snorted. "Sometimes between shooting practice I just feel like coloring in a few unicorns."
Dean says: "Who knows when he got jumped. Might have been the boy himself who thought of raising hell. You know how demons are, always promising all kinds of shit."
»What happened to Sam?«
Whatever reasons there are for his freak outs, overanalyzing them probably won’t help. He’ll just have to get over himself. It’ll be fine. He wants this. And while Castiel is hardly pressuring him, he’s clearly not opposed to the idea either.
"You think this guy was so obsessed with a cartoon ghost, that it was literally the thing he most desired, out of everything? That sounds far-fetched."
It was absurd that he felt sorry for him Castiel just then. It was an automatism that he had adopted in recent years. If Castiel was sad, it didn't take long for Charlie to feel sad too, and if Charlie was sad, Sam never felt quite right. So really, it was a self-preserving impulse.
Was that really the life Sam wanted to live? Was this a life anyone wanted to live?
She boxed him playfully in the side; Dean swerved successfully.
He can still feel her smile on his lips, as their movements take on a different turn.
Dean turns to go, when Sam thinks of something. He touches his brother’s elbow, makes him turn back yet again.
"It’s all good. I swear. Now let’s go. I’m still drenched in disgusting vamp blood and I need a new shirt from the trunk, cause I don’t want to pay for another deep-cleaning of the car."
There was no reply.
They are fully naked, as he moves his head lower, until he's settled between her legs.
"I don't think you will get bored with Garth and his family," laughed Dean. "Say hello to the old stinker from me." He tickled her and she giggled. "Enjoy the time away from annoying grownups."
"Charlie is really talented, and shows a lot of progress, especially considering that she’s only been with us for such a short amount of time."
"It wasn’t about you. We just had a fight on our way here."
"Do you have security footage?"
Dean glances towards Sam. His mouth is hanging open, even though from the sounds he’s making it’s clear he’s breathing through his nose.
»It’s great. I mean, I've always had a feeling about you two... And he's a great guy. Angel. Whatever. He's great.«
"You need to cut me some slack," Dean says, and goes very quiet. "You know how much it bugs me to know you're so unwell. I respect your decision to do nothing about it, and I believe you when you say you feel fine. But you gotta admit this is weird. Let me just wrap my head around it."
"Maybe sometimes he's trying to be more human than he is. Maybe he thinks he needs to please someone."
"I'm sorry, Sam," Dean answers earnestly. "I didn't know that kind of stuff still happened to you."
Castiel wanted nothing more than to stretch out his hand and pull it over Sam's forehead, to smooth out all the worry lines. Everything in him was drawn towards Sam at that moment.
"I feel better too. Less irritated."
"I just wish you wouldn't drink so much when Charlie's around."
"Don't, Sam." His eyes were still like rain. "Your heaven has always been a collection of horrible moments for me, but it doesn't matter right now. We don't have time for this. I got a shot of insulin in my heart and if I'm not back within –" He looked at his watch. "If I'm not back in the next two minutes, then I'm trapped here with you forever. Until some angels find my ass and drag me down to hell."
"Nothing is going to happen to you, as long as I'm around," Castiel promises. "You're unwell, but we will figure out a way to get you better. Do you understand?"
"But even if I didn't want to," Sam said. "Even if I didn't miss you like hell. Charlie wants to be in your life, and she should be able to see you, so-"
He still feels good when he remembers why he didn’t want to do this today.
Sam doesn't come out of his room much, except when Dean explicitly asks him to.
"And that’s all you want?" Sam asks, slowly curling his fingers away from Castiel’s face.
"He lied to you?"
"Dean? What are you doing here?"
"I need to check on my daughter.”
Dean fails to see what's so riveting about this. "Okay," he says.
When Dean barges in, Sam’s first thought is to wonder what would have happened if he hadn’t. And if it’s as irrelevant a thought as he tells himself.
Castiel turns away from him and walks towards the table.
But then, after a few seconds of blinkless staring, Castiel does understand something.
Cas starts walking again, taking slow and deliberate steps. "He asked me whether I was interested in homosexual activities."
"And you can see our apartment." Now she turned to Sam. "It’s actually super close to where you used to live."
"This had nothing to do with you, Sam. She simply accompanied her friend. It was bad luck. Or rather, it was good luck: If she had not been there, Lila would have died. Charlie saved her friend. She's learnt from the best."
His heart is beating uncomfortably in his chest, when he pushes the door open to Cas’ room. Or more precisely, the room that had been supposed to be his, before he'd practically moved into Sam’s.
He once told Dean, a lifetime ago, that after Hell, it was like having a clean slate. That he finally didn’t feel perpetually guilty anymore.
“No. I haven't been in a long time.” As Sam smiled cautiously at him, a warm feeling spread inside Castiel's chest. "And I agree with you," Sam continued. "We've got to change something about our arrangement. She is more important than... than anything else. And she never asked for any of this, she never asked to be born."
"Yeah," Sam nods and looks outside the window, wistfully. "Yeah, I’m happy."
He could hear Sam and Castiel muttering as soon as he stepped into the hallway.
"Dean?" Castiel has stepped in front of him, just a few strands of grass between them, and Castiel shoves them aside to take Dean's hand in his. He catches Dean's palm between his fingers, turns it to face upward and makes the cut disappear with a glow of white.
"Is there someone you can think of who you could ask?"
"I wasn't always like this," he says.
Lucifer’s voice and his touch. Just in his head. But it’s so freaking loud.
Castiel glared at him.
"You’re my best friend," Dean says in a soft voice, not sure of where the words are coming from. "You’re one of the two people I trust. Just… let’s not go down that road again, where we keep stuff from each other because we think it might be better for each other. It’s always for some bullshit reason too." He doesn’t want to turn around in case Castiel will let go of him. "I already know Sam is into you, in case that helps…"
"Yes." Castiel doesn't blink. "I know how important family is to you."
It’s so, so silly.
His pocket vibrated again.
He still doesn’t really understand how this happened.
"You're a fucking horrible liar. You always have been." Her face reflected both anger and despair. "Why can't you tell me now?"
"I was angry and sad because nobody likes me," she finally whispered.
"You’re wearing plaid right now," Sam points out.
She also looked up at Sam.
"I haven’t found a clear pattern. Why?"
"What happened to being out of money?" Sam asks.
"Cas?" Dean whispered and pulled him back up into a standing position. Castiel wanted to lean into the familiar protectiveness, and at the curve where their bodies touched, a healing warmth spread. Then his gaze followed Dean's outstretched arm.
"Yeah, I…" She clears her throat. "I'm sorry for being so dramatic."
"But he wouldn’t have enjoyed the one we saw today?" Castiel asks.
Since Dean had entered the house, Sam hadn't stood still for one moment. He ran into the kitchen and left Dean alone again. In the middle of the table stood two small porcelain pigs. It was only when Dean picked them up, that he noticed they were pepper and salt shakers. The feeling that flowed through him was strange.
Sam always woke up incredibly quickly for a person. He was like a very powerful car, and went from deep sleep to being fully awake in less than two seconds. Maybe it was his hunter's upbringing. Dean had always woken up so quickly too. And he too had often smiled when he'd seen his face first thing in the morning.
He indicated to the bottle on the table. Charlie reluctantly poured some into her glass.
"You what? You don't think that maybe that was something I’d needed to know?"
"No, I thought you would... You want to talk to me about it in peace?"
Maybe Castiel’s the closest thing in actual existence to what he truly craves. He’s definitely the closest a person comes to encapsulating safety and peace to him.
He offers his hand to help him up.
"You don’t know who they were?"
"She likes her new school."
Her eyes never left his. “And you'd protect me. And I'd never cry or give you any kind of trouble. I am quiet. I’d shut up when you’re annoyed or tired. I promise. I wouldn't bother you."
"Are you okay, after yesterday I mean?"
"You coming, too?"
"What are you apologizing for? I just hope you feel better soon. You look really pale. If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask. There's some painkillers in the bathroom, if you need any."
But hurting him, really hurting him, crushing him, taking away the one thing that seems to keep him going lately? That would be worse.
"So?" Sam looked at Dean with wide, hopeful eyes. "Can I come with you?"
For a while they drive in silence that’s only disturbed by the chewing of stale paprika potato chips and Sam’s quick sips of coffee.
Sam was probably still reading.
"Forget it. It’s fine. I’d have done the same thing in your situation. I’d probably punched you before asking any questions."
"Are you deaf? Let her go!"
At first Sam seems to cower under his gaze, but then he straightens his back and gets himself up.
"I don't want to wake him, in case he's asleep."
Charlie flinched. Claire was on her feet faster than his eyes could follow and pushed past him. Black eyeliner streaked down her cheeks. She had reached the door before pausing again. "Maybe right now he still thinks  you’re interesting and entertaining, but that’s not gonna last. Believe me, the day is gonna come when you’ll be just as undesirable and forgotten as me."
"Can we eat a frog?"
"Oh." Castiel nods. "Yes, we are."
"Okay," Sam says, as Castiel enfolds his hand that isn't gripped around the beer.
There's only room for the tiniest bit of uneasiness. The uncomfortable knowledge that he will have to upset Dean. But it's only a trip. It's only a vacation. He will have to understand.
"You know that my father never hit me?" Sam asks. "I mean, not if he could avoid it."
"Tell me, when and how should I have left the bunker to buy food?" Sam gestured to the child in his arms. "We said it was too dangerous to go with her if the angels-"
Sam pulls back from Castiel. "Yeah, we’re -" He gives Castiel a quick look over. "We’re good to go."
Those memories don’t work anymore, anyway. Not as long as Dean’s right here, next to him, making Sam feel miserable, making him so aware of all his failings and shortcomings.
Turns out it’s harder to catch and kill a fast human flesh-eating monster when your hunting partner just randomly freezes in motion in the worst of moments.
"I don’t know. Maybe God?"
"Just shut up already," Dean says, as he notices Akiko push open the tempered glass door. She looks around, before she spots them and steps down the stairs.
Dean approaches a couple entangled in one of the chairs. The girl has flowers weaved into her long brown hair. She looks peaceful, asleep in the guy’s lap with her arms draped around his neck.
He doesn’t laugh.
He exists the car, without saying anything.
"Around what exactly?" Sam asks.
Sam needs to learn to be more selfish.
Sam shakes his head. "It's not like that. I'm just... that's just me, Cas. You can't take away something if that's all I am."
"Yeah, no, course not. You guys don't let each other's messages go unanswered for five minutes before all hell breaks loose. No pun intended."
"Yes, thank you."
Now Sam’s sitting in a car, trying to forget about it, and about last night. If he ignores the lingering feeling of roaming hands, his skin will soon stop tingling and the itch will stop. The urge to get out of his skin and as far away from himself as possible is strong.
It all feels so ridiculous, he wants to laugh.
"It's weird and kind of disrespectful."
"You wanna ask me if we're okay?" Dean guesses.
Dean’s standing close.
Chapter Title taken from The National's "Light Years"
Dean’s already halfway out of the bunker, on the bottom of the stairs, when Sam runs into him.
He felt closer to him now, while Dean was sleeping. It was safe to look at him when he couldn't give him one of his angry looks. The ones that made it clear that it was only their family bond that still held them together. That Dean would have left him behind long ago otherwise. Or maybe, if the timing had been right, had killed him. And for good reason, too.
"I understand your concerns - that's why we met in a place where weapons are not allowed."
"Not that I’m not happy you changed your mind," he says, his hand still on Castiel’s cheek. "But… why?"
"And where is his home?"
Dean turns his gaze away from the road long enough to see Cas' face wrinkle up in irritation.
"Ouch." Charlie ran a hand over her face. "Who did you think got Sam pregnant? The Holy Spirit?"
He rubbed over his eyes and looked around. He had once felt this place to be his home, but it hadn't felt like this way for a long time. And it shouldn't: His home was gone. His home was with Sam.
"So, just one last time," Dean says, trying to ignore the tugging in his abdomen. "You’re sure you’re safe? No angels on your heels?"
about him? Dude, what the hell?"
"And if he didn't, then..."
"No need to thank me. How are you gonna spend the evening?”
"I met Dean some time back on a werewolf case. It got pretty dicey. We helped each other out."
The car noticeably slows down, until it eventually comes to a halt near the curb.
Dean motions over the table. "All of it. All of my fucking life devoted to you. And you don't even trust me." He exhales sharply. "Hell, sometimes I don't even know if you
"They’re with us until they are transferred to the Medical Examiner-Coroner in LA."
"He’s shitfaced, yeah, but don’t worry about it. He’ll be fine."
"You’re also not really considering moving out, are you?" Castiel implores.
Sam presses his lips together. "I don't know. Obviously serial killers should be stopped. . But it's a matter for the police. It's just a regular crime."
She nodded. "Tell me about your past."
"So you had some bad sex with some angel."
"Okay, yes," she says, "I think I know what you're talking about. There were a few of my patients who suddenly… stopped coming to therapy. Is this why you're here? And I did read the news. I recognized a few names. But I didn't do anything. I was just trying to help them."
"If it got Dean and Cas then it would need to be someone who knows we were there yesterday. Or at least someone who knows we were hunting." Sam stops short, takes a double look at Akiko who looks back at him blankly. She puts her head to her side. "What?"
"Well, I wouldn't know that, would I? Unless you told me what you meant by it." Sam tries to keep his forehead free of lines, and a neutral expression on his face.
"I don’t know," Sam says honestly. "I know it was a bit awkward at times, but there’s something to be said about being seen together." Castiel squint at him questioningly. "You know, that waitress… Before we scared her off with our war talk, she just saw us a normal couple. And it was," he breathes out sharply and hikes up his shoulders. "It felt nice. It’s nice to see people think of us like that."
It’s precisely because Castiel doesn’t ask further, that he’s able to go on.
"Where's Charlie?"
For a moment, they just look at each other, waiting. Castiel's eyes are friendly but with a certain undermined blankness to them, that let Sam know it's true: he would be fine with anything now. He probably wouldn't mind if he suggested a game of chess instead of this.
Maybe this time, Dean’s just seeing things more clearly, earlier, better than Sam.
"Do you think I shouldn't have killed that demon?"
Dean can’t blame monsters for being monsters. It’s on him to kill them, not for them to let him.
"Come on." He shakes Sam’s shoulder. "You’re supposed to be smart. Tell me, why am I here? Why can’t you let go?"
"It takes, what, 5 to 10 seconds until you get unconscious? And he didn't jump to break his neck; it wasn't a drop hanging. That doesn't really happen with suicide a lot anyway. You're thinking of the kind of stuff you see in Western movies, the more old-fashioned punishment hangings, but that's not how people kill themselves in the real world."
Dean meets Castiel’s eyes in the rearview mirror. But he just shrugs and looks away.
"You were already trying to get away from me, then. Why?"
"So?" Dean grabs the empty beer bottle again, puts it back down. "So some rando gives me his number and I don't notice. Big deal." He shrugs and goes back to looking at the screen, but he doesn't read anything; his eyes don't move.
"Then why not me?"
"Nothing yet, but she's still going through the lore."
"Yeah, Cas, I had a really good trip and my day is going fine. Thanks for asking."
"I am so sorry."
Instead he said: »He got here last night.«
Sam and Castiel are waiting outside by the car. They're talking in low voices but stop dead when Dean approaches.
"You can’t get to Washington in three hours."
"Or fun," he adds. "So you’re into dudes, huh?"
He hated the satisfaction with which the words left his mouth and the hope he felt at the same time.
"I just want to make it right again."
Sam hasn't really thought further than this. Get to the place and tell Dean where they're heading and-
It's still true that he would have felt bad either way. A split would have been messy and complicated. And it's not like it would have meant anything for himself and Castiel. It's not like he would have tried to put a move on him. He wouldn't do that to Sam.
"Come on."
"You wanna go and ask a therapist to reveal confidential files because you got a hunch? Can the FBI do that?"
Bobby wasn't an idiot. He'd know that the case had nothing to do with Sam and Dean not talking.
No, he hadn't misheard. It was Sam’s voice –and unless his brother had gone insane and was talking some made-up mumbo jumbo, he was speaking Enochian.
She looks for her bag beside the chair, and stumbles toward the door. The second she's pulled it close behind her, Sam says: "What the hell, Dean?"
Charlie’s eyes were still on him.
"I think I just walked into Sam and Castiel making out?" She asks quickly, in a way that sounds like she's bracing herself for a bad reaction.
"Uh," she says, her eyes big. "Yes?"
It turns into two weeks, three weeks and then into a whole month.
"Okay, then." Castiel stayed in the door for a moment. He was obviously fighting with himself. "Could I talk to you for a moment, Dean?" he finally managed to ask.
"It was the molars."
Castiel takes off his coat and carefully folds it over the back of the lone chair near the wall.
"Okay." He sits down opposite from Dean, who packs up the deck of cards.
It’s not shyness that keeps him from saying these things. They don't capture what he really means. It sounds like a complaint. How could Sam ever claim to fully understand and know him.
Dean groans. "Awesome."
"So you never dance?"
Sam straightened the collar of his plaid shirt. It had seen better days and was almost falling apart at the seams. Sam hadn’t really cared that much about his appearance before, but parenthood definitely hadn’t improved his wardrobe.
But it wouldn't be wise.
"You can't stand to be apart from either of us," Sam says. There's no malice in his voice, just stone cold acknowledgment of the fact. It's strange how pathetic Sam makes him sound. How easy it is for him.
"You didn't. You tried to guilt-trip him!"
Castiel smiles.
"You bet."
"Why don’t you?"
"Of course I could have known. You told me it wasn't safe."
"You never noticed a bunch of your patients going crazy?" He asks, doubtful.
"Guest room", she says like an apology.
The first words out of Dean's mouth are: "What the hell happened? You look like shit."
"You're going to take a shower now."
Dean pats his shoulder again and turns back to the clothes on his bed.
Still, it’s feasible.
"I think I understand." Castiel has moved closer. "An absence of normalcy can give you the feeling you're free falling. I have felt this way a lot over the past years."
"You look different." Sam gives Castiel an odd look, and Dean says: "We got into some heavy rain. Had to change clothes."
Also,
He shouldn't be listening to this, shouldn't believe any of this for a second. Mostly because Castiel is obviously telling his version of the truth.
"We were expecting you back earlier."
"I can tell that she’s a gifted child. But it’s still important not to lose sight of the social side of things. It doesn't matter where she’ll end up, at some university or on the big stage, she will always have to find a way to deal with other people.”
Sam’s grip around the can tightens. And all of this while Dean’s actually in a good mood.
He catches Sam's eyes by accident. Their measuring compassion is the last thing Dean wants to see right now.
"Right." Dean says. "So all you wanted to tell me is that you’re into Cas?"
"You've helped me, too."
"Being with me seemed more real than anything else, didn’t it? It rang true. It fit you. Of course, it did. You were made for me."
"I'm sorry," she stutters. "I didn't mean to —" Gone is the self-assured woman Sam's spent the day with. She's sunken in size. She scrambles up to her feet.
"But." Castiel wrinkled his forehead. “I don't mean this is a criticism, but you don't work. Where do you get the money from?"
Sam smiles awkwardly. He'd like to stay around Jody a bit longer too, but he's glad to leave this bedroom behind.
Sam shakes his head, the white lie uncomfortable now.
He slammed the door behind him, and ran down the stairs, taking two steps at once.
"They’re not weird."
"It’s pretty obvious why she doesn’t want anything to do with angels and heaven anymore, isn’t it?"
"Aren't you still in contact with some angels? Maybe someone upstairs knows something we don't." Before Cas can protest, he says: "I know things between you and everyone else have been… weird. I just... it couldn't hurt to ask, right?"
Lucifer smiles and then he’s gone. For the moment, at least. Sam breathes out a sigh of relief.
"I’m sure." His smile is strained. "And I never had a fever or anything."
"Yes," Castiel replies, "we talk about plenty of other things. But considering Sam's situation, it isn't strange that we spend a lot of time talking about him right now. If you were unwell, we'd be talking about you instead."
A milkshake sounds a bit heavy, but Sam looks over at Castiel, and back at her and nods. "Sure, why not."
"Well, that's just great!" The prophet turned to Charlie too. "I mean, I always wanted something special to happen to me. Or just for a pretty girl like you to talk to me. But this here is definitely not what I had in mind!" He shook his head. "I want to go back home now and just be Jason Miller, the invisible guy."
She turned her head away but he held her tight.
At first, he’s merely irritated when he sees that Sam’s not here. Then, his instincts kick in. He quickly scans the room, looking for any signs of foul play. There aren’t any.
The topic takes Sam by surprise. He feels bad that he misinterpreted Dean's angry look. Then he realizes that Dean making fun of his food choices is only marginally better. "Could we just not do this?"
Sam doesn’t think it’s just the novelty that makes it feel so surreal that he gets to do this. That he gets to pull his face close and part his lips with his tongue, intruding Cas' body with his permission like this.
"I killed you."
He starts the car, happy there’s a case to focus on. It's not the first victim of this kind in the area. Just a few towns over there was a similar ominous “animal attack” that never made it to any papers. He reads through hacked police records —it's a miracle they ever got any work done pre-Internet. Pretty soon, everything points to the same guy. IT dude. Mid-30s, loner type, recently moved here for a job. Dean gets his address from a disgruntled co-worker who's fed up trying to dodge this guy’s advances. Before Dean leaves the car, he checks his phone. No news are good news, but the blank screen still disappoints. He slams the door shut and heads for the trunk of his car to get his weapons.
"We can't all watch The Good, The Bad and The Ugly a million times in a row."
"I don't know. About four? Maybe a little later."
He watches Castiel get up from the bed and walk towards the door. "Are you not coming?"
"Forget it. We need to find Charlie."
Sam carefully closed the door behind him. "How long have you been standing there like this?"
Sam sat up in bed and shook his head. The thought hadn't even crossed his mind once - as if Charlie had just popped into their lives from thin air. As if they hadn't been here before, naked and postcoital in bed together. He hadn't even thought of protection once. The human mind was amazing at repressing certain thoughts for a short time of amount – but now the guilt and the worry about it all hit even harder.
"Well, what did you tell her then?" Castiel cocked his head. "That she was a mistake? That you meant to give her away?"
Just as he was about to turn to the fridge for a beer, he heard the knock again. Maybe the receptionist wanted to ask something, or a drunk had mixed up the rooms.
Sam squeezes Cas' hand. "I know that if we want to keep these monsters from getting any more people, you need to follow my lead, okay?"
"What about wings?" Her tone isn't mocking, but there's an edge to it.
"I wanted to go with Castiel. Just the two of us."
"Sorry."
It was clearly Charlie, she even wore the same "If you're not a part of the solution, you're a part of the problem" T-shirt she had been wearing this afternoon. It was her, and at the same time she was a complete stranger.
"Not a lot of PDA," he repeats and goes for a strained smile.
Sam doesn't hear his reply.
"What have you been able to find out so far?"
"Dean, Sam will be angry if he learns about this. We agreed-"
Castiel slowly takes his hands from Sam’s face.
An old metal sign, of which he only knew from experience that it announced the Singer Auto Self Service Salvage Yard, was thorougly covered by the snow and threatened to fall off the rotten wood any minute now.
"What? I’m just trying to be helpful."
"Okay, not a Farm then," Castiel admits. "What world you prefer?"
»Are you going to tell me what's going on between you and Sam?«
Castiel waits a beat, and then says: "You missed a button. On your shirt." Dean looks down at himself, doesn't say anything.
»Yeah, I bet if you get to know her she's actually really nice. I'm still glad when we finally get to gank her. Baby needs a new bumper thanks to old Yoko Ono in that medieval dress of hers, so excuse me if I'm not about to shed a tear for her.«
Chapter Title Taken from Guns N Roses' "Welcome To The Jungle".
"I am glad that you are fine and that you are safe.”
"She will forgive you."
Castiel hesitates.
This gaze with which he now considered him penetrated Dean to the core. Castiel looked the way he had a long time ago: powerful and unyielding. Usually it made Dean feel small, but not today. Now it just annoyed him.
Now he looked just as sad as he was angry and a part of Sam wanted to pull him in and hug him, but then he saw movement out of the corner of his eye. Dean had seen it too.
»There's something else.«
The girl steps next to him, close enough that he catches a whiff of vanilla scent. "Oh, I don't know honestly. I don't think so?"
Sam looked at the front seat. Dean shrugged his shoulders apologetically.
Next to him, Castiel eyes him curiously.
"But maybe he's forgiven you?" Castiel seemed to consider this. "He loves you. He can't help it."
“How do you know that?”
"And as for your father – well, your human father, the one you hate so much? You realize he's dying because of you?"
"Inias had to see her." Castiel looked down at the floor. "He had to understand her true nature." He paused. “So many of my brothers and sisters have died. We are an endangered species.” He shook his head. "If you only understood the good our daughter could do in heaven."
Charlie heaved a whole crate of beer into the kitchen. The dog greeted her wagging its tail as if she’d been gone a thousand years. "Have I already told you that my supervisor submitted an article of mine to Science and maybe they will print it?" She opened one of the beer bottles with a lighter. "You know, the one about growing mini-organs from stem cells?"
It wasn't snowing anymore. But it was cold as hell.
"I don’t know," Sam says. "Make me feel bad? But I already feel bad, so…" A short and bleak intro to Sam’s soul. "Look, I wasn’t lying to you when I said I wasn’t interested in Cas. I’m pretty sure I wasn’t then, anyway. And maybe you’re right. Maybe I was projecting things onto you. Hell, maybe I’m still doing that? This is all new to me and really confusing."
Dean huffs and takes a half step back. Then he puts his tongue between his teeth and shakes his head. "Is it the Kitsune thing?"
Castiel's eyelids flutter, as if it's hard for him to keep them open.
He pushes himself up.
He was rarely strict. Much more seldom than Sam. Usually it wasn't necessary or constructive. She was a very intelligent child and did not trust empty authorial gestures by nature. She only adjusted her behavior if you could make her see a good reason to do so. In most cases it didn't help much to get angry with her – although that knowledge rarely prevented Sam from doing so.
They were all thinking about Castiel. How could they not.
Sam's eyes wander over the ceiling of his room, the sparse decoration, the chair and his desk. "I don't know." He knows he does aspire to it, always has. "I think order is. And order and normalcy seem pretty similar a lot of times."
"Maybe?" Dean is irritated by the change of topic.
Sam has never been a big fan of his brother’s singing, but it’s different since the cage. He’d never tell Dean how much it reminds of him Hell. He wouldn’t take that joy away from him. Besides, even to his own ears it sounds slightly absurd in its harmlessness. Singing Black Sabbath was hardly one of the worst things Lucifer did to him.
"There is no need to worry. I will be able to heal these wounds soon."
They don't jump apart when he enters the room. They don't flinch when he walks in on them mid-hug. They seem utterly comfortable in their closeness.
"What's wrong?"
They clinked their glasses. Then Sam made eye contact with Castiel. He returned the smile as they clinked their glasses together.
"You're not?”
"The longer we wait the more time she's got to do her thing," Dean says. "We don't want anyone else going crazy just because we couldn't be bothered to drive through some drizzle."
"You’re telling me it’s a deficiency on my part that I don't understand the need for pointless lying?"
"Claire was just in the area," Sam explained diplomatically.
"Well." She pulls her mouth downwards into an almost comical frown. "I found nothing. But I saw that three of them have the same address listed. And their cases were all recorded in the same few days."
He's glad Dean's gone out to do some grocery shopping, and won't be back for a bit. He's never quick. He talks to people, he knows people. He's at home in this town, while Sam is forever a visitor.
"What do you still want?"
"Well gee! What do you expect me to do? If you say you're fine, you say you're fine."
Castiel put a hand on his trembling shoulder. Dean allowed the touch.
Castiel smiles up at him, his thankful expression strikes Sam as oddly… pure. It rattles Sam's low self worth, having someone look at him this way. His first impulse is to avert his eyes. Instead, he waits for the second impulse to come. He puts his cup onto the hood of the car and lays both of his palms on the sides of Castiel's face.
"He told me I wasn't allowed to." That's only a half truth. Lucifer did say that, but not at the beginning. "And I felt ashamed."
They find a bar nearby and sit down at the counter. When the barman comes, he orders whiskey neat, looks at her, and she nods. "What?" she says when he seems surprised. "I like the strong stuff, too. Something wrong with that?"
"What kind of life is this?" Sam asks, not even trying to keep the tears from forming now. "Where the only people alive that I still care about think I’m a freak and something that needs to be taken care of only out of duty. I could set Dean free. You know how strong he is… And he’s got you. You’d stay with him and make sure he’s fine." His voice sounds like someone’s put tissues up his nose. "Why should I go on?"
He had lost his feelings of time, but he knew it had to be early in the morning already. There was only one person who could be calling him right now. The person he had thrown out of the apartment just hours ago. Whose love of his life he'd just slept with because he happened to be – No. He pushed the thought away. A vague admittance of feelings was one thing, but Sam wasn't going to act like what he had with Castiel was anything like the bond that existed between Castiel and Dean.
"No, that's what the witches gossip about when they're bored." There was something predatory about his smile. "They also tell of an angel walking around, promising everything to anyone who can provide him with a cure."
Castiel moved his chair closer to the two of them.
Angels could recognize other angels in any vessel they appeared in. They saw the grace shining through their body, the same way they could tell a demon’s true face anywhere. Even when Charlie had just been born and her grace had been sealed off by magic, he had seen it shine through all the layers of humanity, tears, and infant needs. These times were long gone. Now his daughter was capable of using all of her powers but chose not to. She stood in a navy blue dress a the hallway of a university in California, the prototype of a human being, waved and shone silently. He wondered how it was possible that all these stupid naive people around them didn’t notice; that they didn’t feel the light; that they assumed Charlie was one of them.
Sam avoids looking at his face as he enters the car.
Rape isn’t sex.
"Which is absurd, of course, because you’re both into women, so."
Sam slowly looked up at him.
"Mhm?"
Sam puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
"Yeah, I found her under the staff section." On the flyer there's a small map. Someone's drawn a line in red ball pen ink from the pensioner's home to the coffee shop. "The place is just a block from here. Let’s go."
Castiel makes almost no sounds, but when Dean looks up from the dead lovers at his feet, he sees him killing two vampires simultaneously just by putting his hands to their foreheads.
"So you really want to do nothing?" Dean asks, incredulous. "Just wait this out and hope for the best? You just said we don't even know what this is?" He puts his hand against Castiel's chest. "Listen, I know you want to respect Sam's wishes, I really get that. But..." He gets quieter. If they can hear Jody and Sam out here, it’s probably true the other way round too. "You said yourself you don't really know what happened. Do you really think that whatever's happening to him is just normal people crazy? And not, I don't know... Someone messing with him? A curse?
"It’s fine." Dean finds his own lips curling upwards. "You know I secretly like doing that Rambo-shit."
Sam's phone rings.  He frowns but picks up. "Jody," he says, not trying to get his hopes up. "Anything?"
Dean raises his eyebrows. Sam remembers his promise to try harder. He doesn't want the wall between them to harden even more.
"Charlie is gone."
Castiel looks doubtful.
Sam nodded anxiously. »Thank you«
"You think everyone might be connected to the therapist?" She takes a look back at the road they came from. "You don't think it's her? You think she's a demon?"
"I don't like the plane." She held up the small plush airplane she'd been given at a travel agent’s. Sam leaned over and tried to close her seat belt. "Your ears snap off in planes."
“Then you find work someplace else. I always forget what you do anyway." Sam opened his mouth, but Dean shook his head. "And I don't really care to know either. Just come to her birthday, okay?"
It was ridiculous. He'd probably imagined the knock. And even if it'd been real, it'd be for someone else.
Sam looks honestly shocked at the suggestion. "What? No! Of course not."
Dean doesn’t feel up to this right now. He sighs again, just to garner some strength but apparently that’s also pissing Sam off.
"I'm fine."
"Like what?"
There’s so many possible answers to that, all of which are horrifying.
He follows Dean back to his room, without being asked to.
"Yes," Castiel agrees with a solemn nod.
"Dean, I -" Sam breathed in deeply. "Castiel and I got married."
Maybe Dean is right and he’s not letting himself explore whatever the hell it is he wants, needs right now.
"Okay." She rolled her eyes again. "This was just you distracting me anyway, so we wouldn't be having the conversation I was actually going for. Thanks, Dad. ”
Dean's said the same thing to no avail many times, but he’s not about to complain now.
"Why don't you call your brother?"
Sam shuts his eyes close for a brief moment.
Dean had the urge to accelerate the car, but speeding with his Baby on icy country roads made him anxious.
"Because you want me to leave again. At least that's what you claim when you’re not, you know, wriggling and moaning under me, but I digress. So here's the deal: You send him away, I'll help you save all these poor souls bla bla bla, and then I'm gone. Until you want me back, of course. Because we both know you will."
Jason shifted uneasily on his side of the couch.
"I bought new dishes and some other stuff." Sam shrugged. "It's kind of wild how much money you can spend on these kind of things." And then when Dean didn't answer: "Come on, sit down. I’ll go get the coffee."
"Yes, she is fine. She is going to sleep until tomorrow morning, and then we can all talk about what transpired. Right now, you're very upset, Sam, I understand but -”
"I am very... eager to try."
"Yeah well…" Sam doesn’t know what to reply. "I worry about you too."
"Just because you buy into her hippie shit, doesn't make it true."
"I wanted to make sure you're okay, in the same way I have done the past nights." He blinks a few times before adding: "But of course, I don’t have to if you don’t require or desire my help."
Chapter title taken from Glen Campbell's "Wichita Lineman"
"I’m well. But you appear to be very tired."
Castiel watches them eat. Sam considers offering him some of the salad, but it doesn’t taste very good. It’s very oily and the parmesan has a funky taste to it. It would probably be weird to ask anyway.
"They’re not after me, Dean," Castiel snaps. "They weren’t after me in the first place. They just saw an opportunity when I was foolish enough to seek out their help."
He remembers Sam’s admission that this isn’t the first time he’s been with a man or an angel. His stubbornness around not telling him any more. As if Dean were going to do anything about it. When there’s nothing he could do, even if he wanted to.
Attached. Like Dean was a pet.
"So you and Castiel aren't...?" She asks. "I mean, if you got some kind of understanding between the three of you that I don't-"
"You know, we regularly invite hunters over.“ She smiled. "You, Jodie Mills, and a few others. We let you into our home, even though we know you could shoot us with a few silver bullets at any time."
Sam mhm-ed in response.
And look how that turned out, he thought. He definitely wanted a better life for her than whatever this was.
He grits his teeth, trying to get the words out.
"I put a couple of bottles in the fridge. You don’t have to —"
"I'm happy Charlie came too."
"How did you react?" He asks. "To Sam’s... advances."
Dean gets the beers from the fridge, opens them and puts one of them in front of Sam.
He’d hoped that Sam and Dean would get along well in his absence. He knew how much the two meant to each other, how much they needed each other. Unfortunately, reality painted a different image. There were no tangible fights between the brothers. They would have been able to deal with those, if only because it would have reminded them of how intense their relationship was.
Jason got the second, who grabbed the peace offering out of reflexive, but looked very confused.
"What time was that?"
"No, you shouldn't have." Castiel walks further into the narrow kitchen, until he's across from Sam, his back almost against the fridge. There is but a narrow lane between them. "I assume that you felt like you had no choice?" Castiel offers.
"Don’t-" Sam flinches.
Sometimes, like now, he slept so deeply that when he woke up he had trouble remembering where he was at all. Then when he looked around and saw Charlie sitting at the table with some books, reading lore, he felt the warm feeling of security that he remembered from his early childhood, when Mom came into the room to look after him. Or later, when he'd been the one who had spent nights making sure that Sammy was fine and he was sleeping quietly and safely next to him.
Castiel's lifts his left eyebrow. "We talk about a lot of things that aren't Sam."
"You sure about the second room?" His eyes won’t leave Sam’s. "I’ve got enough cash on me and I’ll get it if you guys want privacy now. Cas seems to, anyway."
"Probably not."
"I got a bad temper?" This is also hard to argue with. "He was shitmouthing us. I'm just tired of listening to monsters spew pseudo-psychologic bullshit about us."
Dean's standing in front of the grave, the shovel in his hands.
There’s a hint of worry or maybe even something akin to annoyance in his voice.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
Castiel's eyes wander from Dean's face to his hand and back again. "But I don't mind being cold. It doesn't do me any harm."
Efficient.
He was married, he reminded himself. But his wedding had been nothing like the normal life he’d envisioned for himself as a young man. It had been less a declaration of love than it had been a sort of life insurance for their daughter. (Not that he’d not wanted to be married, he had, he still did. It meant more to him than to Castiel, he knew.)
"Dean, please."
"I do want your help," Sam says.
The bar is kind of swanky. But then Dean is trying to indulge. So the drink is about 10 dollars too expensive for what it is, but the people surrounding him are classy. The waitress throws him suggestive glances and not for the first time tonight Dean finds himself looking down her low-cut dress. He's half-tempted to ask when her shift ends, but he doesn't quite have it in him to charm anyone right now. And she seems like the type to make him put in work.
Sam and Akiko share a quick look. "What do you know about her?" Sam asks.
"Well, technically, the wedding itself doesn’t start until tomorrow."
"Can you find out?"
"You think?" Dean huffed and ran his palm over his face. "There’s never going to be the right time. You might as well rip off the bandaid."
It’s uncomfortable to ask, but if he wants this to work (and he really, really does), he knows he needs to make an effort. Try to be honest, try not to wallow in his insecurities and fears.
Dean was right: She looked at him the way he had looked at their own father many times. That was how Sam knew it was not something that would just go away by itself. Sam didn't want to wait for his own death for his daughter to see him in a more positive light again.
»You succeeded. Pretty damn well.«
"The goddess of truth?" Sam asks. "But we killed you. We killed —"
The second his fingers had found the angel blade on the floor, he knew he would make it. Human foolishness maybe, but he thinks it’s exactly the kind of illogical certainty he’d needed to make it out of there alive.
"Okay," he says defiantly and turns his body towards Castiel, who hasn’t let go of him. He shoots closer still, closing the last gap between their bodies. He puts his hands on Sam’s face and presses their noses and foreheads together, as he's done many times by now.
Sam huffs and shakes his head.
"Jesus Christ," Dean mumbles. "Paint me a better picture here, because I still don't get it. You guys have been joined at the hip for months, so he had to have a reason to send you away. Either he thought there was a good reason to check the house again or he just wanted to get away from you, which..." Dean puts a hand to his mouth and breathes warm air into it. "Did something happen? Did he seem off? I mean, did he seem more off than usual?"
She scoffed. "You saw that in my head, too?"
He heard the creaking of snow as if through a veil.
"I’m not." Dean raised an eyebrow, leaning back into the chair. "But I’m also not the one antsy to get out of here."
"So..." Sam says, which is a stupid, needless thing to say, but somehow it really doesn't matter. He feels surprisingly at peace with his inadequacy.
"You're used to all of this, aren't you?" she asks.
And he’s supposed to believe that doesn’t change a thing?
"That is not why I was asking.” Sam tugged on his T-shirt. "I was just thinking about, well, going out myself. And I wanted to be back by the time you guys return.”
"Please listen to me. Charlie is in danger. We need your help."
He should be happy to get a second (third, fourth, whatever number they were at) chance with his brother. Castiel and Dean had spent the last years focused on getting Charlie and Sam back. And of course, Dean was glad they had succeeded. He was thrilled.
“What’s the matter?”
"You don't see why I'd feel bad that she thought you were dating Cas?" Sam asks, doing this half-rolling his eyes.
"Whatever. But yeah, we do talk about you."
"What do you mean?" There's a lot to choose from. "The dog thing? Look... I’m sorry. There's no way you could have known. I overreacted. And I really didn’t mean to be such an ass to you last night."
"Well, what are you saying?"
"Wanna talk about it?"
"I know, but you do feel things. Like touch, sensation, heat…"
"And me? I want him gone," Lucifer cocks his head in Castiel’s direction. "Look at us, we can’t even have a proper conversation while he’s here."
Now there were tears pooling in Sam's eyes.
Sam lets go of the paper and turns towards Castiel. "What do you say?"
"Thanks."
"I was not referring to this morning, but now that you’ve brought it up. I did mean to apologize," Castiel says. "I overstepped and made you uncomfortable. I thought you wanted me to-"
Dean puffs out a laugh. "Look." He takes up his hands in surrender. "I'm not going to pretend that I understand any of this shit. But Cas said some things, you know, about you being stressed, and maybe he's right. Maybe that's all this is."
Hurt flits over Castiel's face.
"Charlie!"
She didn’t even seem happy about the alcohol he had brought her.
It was clear they were both thinking of the shooting accident that had, more or less, led to the situation they were in right now.
Sharing makes it sound much too balanced. It’s an euphemism.
He closes the bag and turns to his brother nursing his beer, slouched over the laptop. The peace between them is always so fragile, that Sam hesitates before he asks. "Who's Superman?"
"Of course."
Sam rolls his eyes.
Dean's eyes scan over his naked legs to his boxer shorts. One of Sam's shirts hangs like a bag over him, exposing a naked shoulder, more muscly than a fitted suit would ever let on.
Castiel smiles sympathetically. "We’ll continue the research after you’ve both had dinner."
He's not sure what it is. Sam is right: He doesn't generally have a problem running into women he's been with, not unless it ended ugly or they didn't understand that it was a one time thing. Most times, it's fine, sometimes even nice to have a little reunion. But now? He feels strangely vulnerable, having her show up like that out of the blue. Like she's walking around exhibiting a part of him that he doesn't want the others to know about. Which is weird, because nothing extraordinary happened between them. They just fucked once. What the hell.
You would think you could get used to this, but you never really do. Each time anew, the thought that Sam is in real immediate danger produces an intense all-consuming need to save him. It's not that Dean hasn't been worrying about Sam for months. In fact, there's not a time when Dean isn't worrying about Sam in some kind of way.
"But if you could turn back time now and save her?" Her deep blue eyes were fixed on him. She was unnerved and he wanted to be honest with her.
"You're right. But Charlie was fine, like always.”
He wasn’t lying to Dean. He doesn’t see Cas that way, has never seen him this way before.
The assistant seems less surprised that someone is standing in her bedroom, than she is surprised that Sam is there. She does not seem scared, either, which Sam knows is not a good sign.
She holds Sam longer. Dean wonders what both of them talked about while they cooked, and whatever it was that made them laugh back in the kitchen.
Sam considers it. He feels a hole in the pit of his stomach that might as well be hunger. He nods.
"I never told him,” Castiel replied truthfully.
"You know that unlike people, I don't have to eat anything?"
But it’s not that. He just really likes good food. And where’s the problem with that? He’s not going to give up the few comforting things in life that he knows are a constant, that won’t ever disappoint him or leave.
"Yeah, no, it’s fine." Sam looks down at the small space on the mattress between them. "Sure, I can ask Dean later, no problem."
"So?"
"One last thing: We really miss you very much down there."
"I don't know if we can fix things. But I'd want to try."
"Sure. Yeah."
There was no reason to be surprised when he found Sam sitting on the edge of Charlie's bed. He had said he’d wanted to check on her.
There’s only one of them left now. Castiel reaches out to kill again, but Dean stops him.
"Considering you just iced a teenager back there."
"Just: stuff. Say whatever to whoever. Do whatever I needed to. But another part of me didn't
“I’m sorry. I didn't want to say something mean." The wave of anger that had built up in him ebbed away. "I know you did it so that I could attend the courses and I really like it here."
Castiel frowned. He couldn't really figure out why the time frame made a difference, and he doubted Dean would approve of one occasion more than the other.
Dean keeps staring at the door, a bemused smiles on his place.
There’s an approving curt nod from Dean.
"So, the strangling thing was just you living out one of your kinks, is that what you want me to believe?"
"You cannot be sure."
"What were you wondering?" Dean asked.
Dean got up slowly.
"Normally it’s the children who have been in the class the longest who get the more important parts." She interrupted the second woman whose face was so interchangeable that it was erased from his memory as soon as he looked elsewhere. "I think it’s important to show children that commitment is rewarded instead of building up further leadership pressure. After all, the children are here to have fun. "
"You knew this wouldn’t work, didn’t you?"
"Cas, I'm sorry I didn't manage to convince Charlie. I should have - "
He started the car and turned on the heater.
He had no doubt that Castiel loved him. It was just: Everything felt decayed and frayed around the edges. Nothing like what he had once hoped his life to be. And again and again there was this image of Jessica before his eyes. He had romanticized her so much that she had long stopped being a real person, and had become a mere symbol of a perfect life ruined by his existence.
He makes sure to leave enough space between their bodies.
He looks at Dean quizzingly, who just shrugs and gets up. "Let’s go, kids."
"Right, that's a good idea," Sam teases. "Why didn’t I think of that myself? So much better than an angel."
Sam jogs over to them and realizes it’s not Castiel who’s limping, it’s Dean.
He loved it when she wanted to be close to him. He just wished he wouldn’t feel like her enthusiasm was based on her considering him as 'other' —as the fun uncle in contrast to her strict parents.
"Yeah, I know but I meant…"
Suddenly the silly mood between Garth and Beth changed. They both looked down at the floor. "Well, she was a little confused."
He took her up into his arms, and carried her towards the bath, and even though there was no medical need she let him.
She shook her head. Dean noticed that someone, he assumed Sam, had braided her hair into a rather intricate braid.
"Oh, but you could?"
"I don’t want you to think I don’t want to look after Charlie," Castiel said. "It’s the furthest from the truth."
Dean raises his eyebrows, glad that his brother can't see him right now. "Yeah, sure it's not."
"What? Did you think I wanted to talk through our problems in the kitchen at a party?"
Castiel probably didn't know, but he nodded anyway. "It's no problem. Of course I'll pick her up."
He's tired of watching Sam like this. He's even more tired of feeling sorry for him. And he's not ready to accept that this is what Sam is going to be like without Cas around.
Dean can't tell if the short silence that follows is only awkward for him. Sam, who's got his eyes fixed on his bottle, misses his cue. Finally he says, "Watching movies isn't nerdy."
And then there were all the other questions, still after all these years. Drunk or not, a part of him had wanted Castiel that night. A part of him had longed for it, and that knowledge churned something deep inside him.
They’ve always shared.
Castiel looked surprised, or maybe it wasn't so much surprise as it was pity. Sometimes Dean still found it hard to read the guy.
"And you know, we were lucky we had Mac’n’Cheese. Asshole."
"One of the best," Dean murmurs, an uneasy feeling gnawing at him. Castiel's worry is infectious.
Sam nodded.
She doesn't ask any more questions, but Sam feels like she's looking at him differently. She knows about the Lucifer vessel thing, she knows about the demon blood and Ruby, but it's being with an angel that weirds her out? Or maybe it's not that. Maybe she just doesn't like being fooled. Thinking things are one way, when they're the other.
Castiel's hand wanders to his belt, and he watches Sam face so intently, it sets something off in Sam. He's not some delicate thing that needs to be handled with care. The irritation turns his movements swift and he undresses with a sense of urgency. Down to their underwear, Sam shoves Castiel back against the bed, where he falls back into the mattress.
"She is confused." Castiel patted her head. "This results in her inability to judge the situation correctly. You will never be unwanted."
"Maybe the guy is just mistaken after all?" Sam asks, untangling the flimsy fork from the sticky plastic. "I mean, you both said he seemed weird to you."
"We never fight in front of her." Sam crossed his arms over his chest. "I don’t know what you want to hear from me. She already knows how twisted her whole family situation is. Maybe now she still thinks it's normal... I mean, she knows that her father, who happens to be an angel, is in a relationship with her uncle. It's only a matter of time before she's gonna ask more questions. What do you want to tell her? That she exists because I was drunk and lonely, and you —whatever you were that night." Sam looked down at his entwined arms.
"Right, what's one weekend off? The world will still be a horror show when we come back, right?"
"No one in heaven asks that kind of questions, so you don't get a chance to miss these things. You fully devote yourself to your task and that gives you a sense of fulfillment. You feel part of something bigger than yourself. " He swallowed down the feeling of loss. "You feel useful."
"It's late."
"The hunters who threatened Garth and his family?"
"But you gave me permission to find you. That's why I could visit you in your dreams, too."
A dark place. That's one way to call it.
"Dean has informed me that he cannot be in the bunker right now."
"Okay." She sounds doubtful.
Sam frowned, he could tell Dean was bullshitting him. "I know you and Cas only had each other for a while. I understand if —"
It was pretty clear that Charlie knew that she somehow was the cause of the tension between all of them, but she didn't seem to know who she should feel sorry towards. Castiel for telling, or Sam for not telling earlier.
The furrow on Castiel’s forehead deepens.
Maybe Grand Funk Railroad is fine and only Black Sabbath is triggering. Maybe it’s got nothing to do with the music at all. Dean should probably ask and make sure, before Sam’s tumbling down the road again, having a fit.
"I couldn't fight it," Sam admits. "It wasn't like this."
They’re sitting at the table, Sam’s laptop between them. Their chairs are slightly turned towards each other, their knees touching.
"Yeah?" He looks himself up and down. "Why?"
He stands in front of the bed, his trench coat folded over the crook of his elbow.
Sam is trying his best to consider these occurrences from a rational headspace. Sometimes Castiel needs to be told things that would seem obvious to others. Things like certain boundaries that go along with monogamous relationships. Then again, Sam is the one assuming monogamy, when they've never been explicit about it. He shouldn't assume, he should ask. Sam has always thought of himself as a fairly liberal person, but he finds he’s more old-fashioned when it comes to his own romance than expected.
"I don't want him to answer his cell when he's driving and she's there with him."
"How can your grace heal you if nothing's been changed? It definitely didn't used to do that.”
They got ready for bed in comfortable silence. Lying in the dark with his eyes open, Sam wondered if he should have stayed with Dean. He pictured him going the drummer’s way, vomiting and choking on his sick. There wasn't really more physical distance between them than there was when they were at the bunker. Sometimes Dean got black out drunk there too, and Sam never sat next to his bed then either. He never did anything but hoped that Dean would be fine in the morning. Mostly, he tried not to think about it too much. It made him feel vulnerable and helpless.
"It's Charlie and the prophet." Sam unfroze. "What are they doing here?"
"Yeah, dating."
It makes Sam chuckle.
"Don't say it's not me," Castiel says. "I can tell it was me who just caused you distress, and I know it was me this morning too. I don't want that."
"Um. I don't think so."
Sam’s own feelings make sense to him. Reciprocal feelings are another thing altogether.
Castiel nodded again and wished that Sam had taken on this task of driving Charlie to her class today as well. Why did these women only ask him questions that they already knew the answer to?
"Thanks. I will. Thanks for letting us stay here."
"So?”
"I’m gonna regret this, aren’t I?" Sam echoes Dean’s thoughts.
"Because we say so."
"It's gonna be okay,” Sam said, a thin smile on his lips. "I think it's gonna be good for you too. You can salvage your relationship with Dean, and -” He wore a determined look on his face now. "If I stay any longer, I'm gonna tear us all apart. And I can't leave without her, Cas. I can't, even though she would probably be happier with the two of you.”
"Has Charlie been down here?"
"Oh, yeah, thanks."
"No." Sam grabs the files off the dashboard. "We're great."
"Dean-"
There's white light and when Castiel is finished the thing below him goes limp and then turns into ash. It’s weird and not what he expected, but it beats feeling Castiel's corpse under his body.
"No, I know you know that." Sam's fingers tap against the glass. Then he draws back his hand, until it disappears under the table. "But don't insinuate he's anything like Lucifer
Two months later, they were still no step closer to finding a solution. Castiel had rejected Dean's proposal involving the selling of his soul; it had led to a major argument that had lasted over a week.
Sam huffs.
He's very aware of his almost nakedness. When he considers Castiel's strangely crouching position over his now wilting erection, he too looks vulnerable. Sam regrets aborting this. If they'd just continued, if he’d not freaked out over nothing, there'd been no need to make a big deal out of it.
