So, he just stopped climbing into bed until he was about to physically fall over. He threw himself into his studies and made sure to take on as much extra lab work as possible. He read. A lot. He started gardening, as much as he could on the small balcony attached to his apartment.
“I need answers,” Dean replied. It wasn’t really an answer to Castiel’s question, but it was the only answer he could give.
“Yes, Jack! You absolutely did the right thing,” Sam smiled at him. Jacks returning smile was so big that it lit up his entire face.
“Of course, you’re our son. However, you came to us, no matter what you did or we did. That won’t ever change.”
to him. Or at least kept a crucial truth away from him. The frustration and regret and rage was running through him like a fever. He wanted to scream. He wanted to punch something.
“I think three or something,” Dean said pushing past Sam and going to sit on the chair opposite the bed.
as she usually did. Which she won, as she usually did. Dean was trying to explain to everyone else that she cheated and how she was doing it, but no one listened to him. Castiel teasingly soothed Dean who scoffed audibly before crashing down next to him where he was leaning against one of the walls. After that, Rowena chose
. Dean was going through that now, and unlike Sam, his story doesn’t seem to have a clear “happy ending” in sight. Sam got Eileen back. Dean was still without Cas.  Eileen was on her way to him now, driving to the bunker as they sat there, and Dean was left starting at the sky with a faraway look in his eye.
Dean shook his head pointedly, “No. You being endlessly fascinating and ridiculously attractive aside,” Dean couldn’t help beaming as Castiel’s blush creeped up his face, “no
Admittedly, alcohol had probably not been the best idea. He just did not know how to have this conversation
Dean pressed his lips slowly to Castiel’s, a chaste, swift brush, before he pulled back to look at him. Castiel’s eyes were closed, and his breathing was labored.
Cas was surprised by every word leaving his mouth. He was even more surprised at how clear and calm he sounded. He was acting on auto-pilot, completely unable to think about his retorts before they were already spoken.
Castiel grinned at him and placed a kiss on his forehead. Castiel then changed into his own pajamas, switched on his bedside lamp and switched off the main light. He was busy pulling his own sheets back when Dean said, “Hey, uh, Cas. Would you stay with me? In my bed tonight. I mean, no pressure or anything.”
Cas was definitely ridiculously inept when it came to the kitchen, but what he lacked in skill, he made up for in enthusiasm. And Dean had had such an amazing time with him today; he couldn’t remember the last time he had
Dean was less than enthusiastic about the fact that for the first two days, he would have to stay in a completely transparent box-type room. And, he had vocalized his disdain for this arrangement quite insistently as Amara handed him forms to sign.
“Yes, why is that?” Cas asked, in the flurry of activity he had forgotten to ask how he had ended up on Dean’s bed.
Gabriel looked at him for a long time, and Castiel could see the exact second his words sunk in. Gabriel exhaled sharply and closed his eyes. A single tear dripped down his face. And when he finally opened them again, there was a light there that Castiel hadn’t seen since before he moved out. Gabriel looked whole again.
He would probably have slept until the next day if he hadn’t heard voices increasing in volume coming towards him. He had always been a light sleeper.
“I cannot promise that I will stay awake the whole time, but I would love to,” Castiel said, getting up. “Just give me thirty minutes to make my bed and shower and everything.”
I know I published this on a Saturday, but from next week, the weekly chapters will be uploaded on a Sunday. The story will be eight chapters long and have an epilogue.
The doctor had explained that this confusion was very normal for patients who have been under for a while – that Sam may take a while to fully reenter the
She barely touched her breakfast and while they all waited for Missouri to join them for the group session, she was pacing back and forth, staring at her pages with red-rimmed eyes.He walked up to her and placed his hand lightly on her shoulder, as he had seen Dean do, as Dean had done to
Dean gaze latched onto his, “No,” he smiled, “but thanks for checking. I don’t feel bad, I just feel fucking
ago. Dean is the only idiot in the world whose heart would still beat solely for a person who left it battered and bruised that long ago. Dean has just never been the type of person that was good at letting people go.
“Ah, this place is uhm… very gossipy. Think Buzzfeed levels of chatter. Everyone has been waiting for your arrival for days now.”
Dean slipped his arms from around Cas’ back and ran them up the angel’s sides slowly, maintaining the heated eye contact as his hands cradled Cas’ face and pulled him down so that their lips were mere millimeters apart,
“Yes, I know, but Dean doesn’t need to. Not right now at least,” Sam said. Cas smiled weakly at him and then Sam was gone.
Castiel had come to the realization that Dean was not a morning person. Castiel had, however, also come to the realization that Dean started hating mornings more and more as the days progressed – as if he was getting comfortable enough in where he was to feel comfortable enough to complain. Castiel hadn’t mentioned anything, aside from calling him an
Dean. Turned his world upside down and then checked out. Traded his life for Dean’s. As if his life was worth a fraction of the selfless and ethereal angel’s. Made the decision that Dean would be left without him. Made the decision for Dean. Without consulting him. As if Dean would ever be able to survive a world without him. Cas was his best friend. His anchor. His conscience. He was the goddam love of his life.
“I got John to drive, and I took Sam to the hospital. But it was a head wound, and he closed his eyes and I kept asking him to look at me. I kept asking, but he just didn’t open his eyes.”
Dean really wanted to be there when Sam started coming to so he grabbed one of his bags and Cas grabbed the other, and they deposited them into the trunk of the car.
“Well, when the souls got loose, they went back to their bodies right? Like long distance magnets?” Eileen said, resolve settling on her face as she became clearer on what she wanted to say.
Dean’s entire body erupted in goose bumps, and his hips bucked up on their own accord. How did having something so holy in his sight make him want to do such filthy things.  Cas’ eyes glinted with mischief and adoration.
And it just didn’t mean the same thing to Cas. Even if his eyes had lit up, even if he had panted against Dean, came with him and on him. It couldn’t mean the same thing. Because Cas
Dean was still hugging Cas, had been hugging him for longer than was technically justifiable, but he seemed unable to pull his arms back. Moreover, Cas was not complaining. Cas, in fact, was holding him, his face pressed into Dean’s shoulder. And Dean wanted to melt into the moment, to tumble the two of them back onto the bed, draw Cas in and
“I’m just happy Cas. All of us, together, working to get the last member of our family back. I’m just happy man.”
And, it wasn’t an attraction. Nor was it a familial connection. But, there was something there, maybe in the way she looked at him, her gaze almost a reflection of his. It seemed to say ´I understand you’.
Cas hadn’t eaten a proper meal in what felt like days. He realized that he was absolutely starving. So, steeling himself for the wrath that is Dean Winchester, he opened his door and shuffled towards the fridge.
“I’m not sure that’s the greatest idea. I’ve made a lot of mistakes, man. I ain’t exactly a role model,” Dean shrugged.
“We want you to come home, Jack.” Dean said. Jack turned his gaze to Dean. Dean swallowed; he knew he would have to be the one to say that. He needed to be the one to say it.
“It’s good to see you all, although it is much sooner than I had anticipated,” Jack said once everyone had taken their seats again.
“So, if there’s no after. We need to plan for that, Cas. No more deathbed confessions or realizations. No more hiding behind the world ending event of the week.  And I wish that I were better with words. I wish I could explain this in a way that even touches… I wish I could even understand…” Dean dropped his gaze again, staring had his hands which were now clasped in front of him.
“Of course we’re not leaving him,” Sam interrupted, “but unless you stop treating this like a kamikaze mission, I’ll be the one going into the Empty and not you.”
. Sam knew that Cas meant something to Dean that ran far deeper than what meets the eye. Sam thought back on the excruciating pain he had felt when he had found Eileen’s phone with her nowhere in sight. The realization that she was
in person. And although their study focused on the African Lion, they did manage to see all five of the animals.
The only other person who was as removed from all of the righteous indignation that games night brought out in most of the residents, was Jody. She, like Castiel, was just watching the scene unfold before her with a fond smile tugging at her lips. Castiel often found her watching Claire closely in particular. Castiel knew that Jody really worried for her, that she saw her daughter, Alex, in this damaged but fierce young woman.
The way he’d just upped and left like they meant nothing, while Dean had been carrying a ring in his pocket for months. The way Dean had been so
Sam looked like he wanted to argue, but exhaustion was evidently settling around him, so he just nodded.
Castiel had asked Meg not to worry him, but she had given him her patented “shut the fuck up, you idiot” look, and he had done just that. He owed Meg so much; he would not argue with her unnecessarily. According to Meg, as soon as she had told him what had happened, Gabriel had immediately booked his flight back to the US. But, there was only one day a week when visitors were allowed, so he hasn’t seen him yet. Meg had, during his allocated phone time, told him that Gabriel was in Kansas and would be coming with her to see him on Saturday. Castiel tried to tell her that she didn’t have to come every week, that he didn’t want her to feel obligated to drive to the middle of nowhere every Saturday for the remaining six weeks of his program, as she had done for the first six weeks. He had felt her “shut the fuck up look” through the phone. He had finally sighed after a lengthy silence and said that he would shut up. She had responded with “good, see you Saturday.”
“Once I knew Alex was going to be fine, I deteriorated. I just felt this dark pit inside me all the time; I just kept thinking about how I failed as a mother. Again. The near-loss of Alex reopened the wounds of losing Sean and Owen. And after Alex was released back home, I just kept getting worse and worse. I tried to be there for her, but I was just so stuck inside myself, simmering in my fear and in my failure. Donna came to get me when I hadn’t left my room in three days, not for food, not to change clothes, not to shower or go to work. She just packed some of my things into one of her duffels and then Alex’s things into another one. She dropped Alex at her place and brought me here.”
And then, there was lunch. Dean drew out his meal, eating at a ridiculously slow pace, asking questions about nonsensical topics to the others, insisting on a second cup of coffee after lunch and then offering to make everyone else coffee while he was up. By the end of his little song and dance, they were five minutes late to his planned activity. When everyone left the cafeteria, Dean realised he may have fucked up.
He walked past the cafeteria, not even bothering to look in. He wasn’t hungry. He just wanted to sleep. He wanted to forget the memories that he had scraped at today. The dark recollections he had buried and forgotten about were now flowing freely through his mind, a horror movie stuck on repeat that he couldn’t figure out how to switch off.
“Dean, calm down,” Missouri said in a way that would normally have been soothing, but right now was only adding gasoline to the fire raging inside him.
Knowing that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt when the person you loved tensed at the mere thought of your presence. As Cas moved carefully closer, he saw Dean was washing a pan he must have used to make himself breakfast. The sink was right next to the stove, so Cas internally settled on just grabbing cereal instead of trying to make anything.
Dean lifted the edge of his fully buttoned flannel shirt to show Castiel the brace that was wrapped tightly around his chest, ugly yellowing bruises leaking from below the material. “I was in a car accident before I came here. I broke some ribs. It’s not that bad, just uncomfortable.”
Thank you so much to everyone who commented, left kudos, bookmarked and subscribed to this story. It is so very deeply appreciated. Apparently, my love of external validation grew with me into my twenties. Who would have thought?
“We can talk later?” Dean tried to sound casual, but in actuality, he sounded so strained that he cringed when his own words hit his ears.
“I know that, I do, I know… I just keep fucking up, Cas. I didn’t protect him. I let him down. I let him get
“Sam,” Eileen calls pointedly. Sam looks at her and she starts to sign something to him. Dean was going to have to learn that language soon. Sam’s face pinched but he nodded at whatever Eileen had just said to him.
The realization didn’t ease any of the tension that now seemed anchored to his muscles. If anything, it made it worse, because what in the ever-loving fuck was he supposed to do with this information?
But rolling his eyes meant he remembered,  that he cared about Cas’ annoying coffee order. Which he just didn’t.
“Fuck!” he swore aloud and banged the hand that he'd been holding himself with, heavily against the tiles. He opened his eyes and ignored the thin trickles of water that dripped from his eyelashes. He was so pent up, so on
Dean reeled back as if he'd been slapped. A tidal wave of emotions passed over his features, shifting and changing so fast that Cas couldn’t pinpoint what they were. But quickly, his face hardened into an unreadable mask.
They had never spoken about it, but Sam had known for a while that the way Dean felt about Cas was more than what he actively led on, it was more profound. Sam never told Dean that he noticed when Dean’s eyes followed Cas around the room like he was Dean’s
Dean really liked that they were able to be there for each other, to hold on to each other. And all Dean really wanted was to keep getting to know more and more about him, to hold him closer and closer. And all of this was
“No, Cas,” Dean’s eyes widened, “Please don’t apologize. That’s why I stayed in the first place. I was just gonna grab some clean clothes and crash in Adam’s room, you know, because it’s been empty since Max left. And, you know, I was ashamed of what happened. So embarrassed of how I acted. And then I saw your note, and you said you were sorry. And that didn’t make any fucking sense, and I couldn’t just let you walk around thinking you had done something wrong when I was the one…”
He waited for another two hours before Cas heard the garage door closing and heavy footsteps padding down the hall.
“I’m scared,” Dean admitted. He still found it hard to say things honestly, but it was easier now. Easier with Cas, especially.
“He remembered everything. I think. And he’s not – he’s not coping well. Stevie, you need to go. I don’t know what to… I don’t know how. Please Stevie…”
Castiel tried not to let anything show on his face. He knew it had something to do with Sam. Dean had said this.
He was Dean’s home too. There was no point in denying it. Not now, not after everything. And Dean could not even pinpoint exactly when it had happened, when the blue eyes pierced through the fortress around his battered and bruised heart. He couldn’t remember the exact day the walls crumbled, the moment Cas crossed the threshold and took his place next to Sam, like he had always belonged there. Like he had always been a part of the rawest crevices of Dean’s heart. But all Dean knew was that that part belonged to Cas now. And now that he was gone, now that he was in the Empty, he would never be whole again.
“Awesome,” Dean grinned, and watching Castiel’s expression, was suddenly experiencing one of those moments where was just honestly enjoying himself.
“My room,” Dean responded firmly. Sam and Eileen nodded, and Jack again looked at Dean with confusion coloring his eyes.
“I am sorry to have scared you. I heard Sam in the kitchen, and I wanted to make sure he made you bacon. Not the fake-bacon. And I thought you would like coffee,” The angel said, tilting his head in the direction of the half-empty mug on Dean’s nightstand.
Meg let out a loud breath and met Castiel’s eyes, “Fuck knows. But I don’t really give a shit about internet privacy, so I’m sure it wasn’t too difficult.”
Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper by the end, but it seemed to echo in the otherwise deathly silent room. Cas waited for exactly two heartbeats after Dean finished speaking before sliding off the couch to join Dean on the floor, but still bracketed by Dean’s arms. The new position had Dean’s hands on either side of Cas’s head, but still gripping on to the couch. Cas gingerly lifted his own hands, placing them on Dean’s waist. Dean inhaled at the touch, even if they were separated by layers of flannel.
Amara had rolled her eyes, but the gesture ended in a smile, “We can discuss visitors halfway through the program.”
Dean makes Cas feel safe too. At least, he thinks he does. Cas seems to open up to him easily, thoughts and concerns spilling seamlessly from his pale lips. And, although he hasn’t really had a breakdown like the one he had about his parents six days ago, he still told Dean when he was scared and when things felt
“I am amazing,” Dean concedes, but Cas noticed the slight flush of pleasure in Dean’s expression at the praise.
“A while. We’ll be at the hospital in twenty minutes,” Bobby replied. “Are you sure you don’t want to go home first?”
Cas inhaled sharply at Dean’s words. Dean shook his hands at his side and then brought them down and held onto his own thighs, fingers digging in sharply through the denim. Dean looked at Cas, and Cas looked confused, but there was a very clear sheen of hope coating his gaze.
“You have been, by the way, on an upswing. You’re doing really well Castiel. I’m proud of you and I know that Meg is too,” Charlie murmured as she stood up.
Cas moved to stand next to Dean, and Dean instinctively turned his face into the soft cotton of Cas’ t-shirt. They stayed like that for a while in the comfortable silence that sometimes enveloped them, Dean holding onto his life raft, when suddenly Cas’ breathing hitched.
Castiel knew despite this small step forward, he still wasn’t where he needed to be. He was still deeply lonely. A lifetime of rejecting any form of closeness or intimacy in fear of someone
“Well fuck,” Dean said into the silence, and a low chuckle escaped from him, he darted his eyes up to Cas and the angel was grinning down at him, amusement making his features seem softer.
“You should go to the hospital,” Dean had said, but Cas just shook his head. He said that he would keep an eye on it, but that he really felt fine. Dean hadn’t looked convinced but nodded once before disappearing back into his room.
Although the answer to that was obviously yes, Cas had the distinct feeling that he was walking into a trap when he nodded uncertainly. He never dropped his gaze.
“Cas… are you saying,” Dean looked up at him, his eyes hazy and bright,  “Dude, are you saying what I think you’re saying?”
I am posting this week's chapter a day early because I have a lot of work I need to do tomorrow and therefore, wouldn't be able to post it.
“I may not be a cowboy,” Castiel said as he traced patterns on Dean’s clothed chest with his fingers, “but I’m your
There was something about Jack’s confidence that leaked into Dean, fueling the ember of hope Sam had planted last night. Jack looked nervous, still glancing between the Winchester brothers.
The ghosts in Dean’s apartment were ones Dean never felt the need to face. During the six months of Sam’s recovery, they stayed at Bobby’s, but once Sam was up and running again, the small space became a little cramped with three grown men sauntering around.
“What did you mean earlier when you questioned whether Jack would want this? You looked pained when you said it,” Cas asked, sitting next to Dean.
They stared at each other for a while. There was a knock at the door, and before either of them had time to respond, Stevie, the night nurse, entered their room.
“Hmm,” Dean said noncommittally, locking his jaw. He almost wished she would start already; the anticipation was making a headache pulse in the back of his skull.
Jody spoke of losing them. How they both got sick with something that, to this day, she doesn’t know what it was. She also doesn’t know why she didn’t get it, but in the span of a week, both her husband and her son succumbed to this unknown virus. She spoke of how empty she was in the months that followed, how weak she felt. How she didn’t really know how to get up in the morning.
Sam looked at Cas, obviously debating something with himself. It was quiet for a while before Sam finally seemed to come to a decision.
“Dean, firstly, I know from Missouri’s reports that you are doing well in therapy, particularly as it pertains to your father. So, I know you know that what happened to Sam wasn’t your fault. Your instinct is to take blame, and I understand that, but deep down, you know that it is not yours to take. So, don’t take it. Because that shifts the accountability away from the guilty party. Okay?”
“Hello!” A cheery voice pulled Dean back into the present. And standing there, as if he had been doing that the whole goddam time, was Jack with his hand lifted in greeting.
“Well, we had spent all our time together while we were over there. It makes sense that the absences would be noted,” the gratingly annoying voice continued.
“Dean?” She asked, black nails tapping out a steady rhythm on the reception desk of the nurse’s station.
And then Dean collided with Cas. His mouth was hot and hungry as it moved against his. Cas nearly cried at the
Who was going to pay the rent? What was going to happen to his apartment? What about his monthly deposits into Sam’s college account? How far behind schedule would this put him in terms of savings? Pressure was building in his head, and his chest felt tight. This past week had felt like a fever dream, but something about the idea of Amara sending him somewhere to do fucking
And that was very unusual. Dean never skipped a meal, was always eating or snacking. At least he used to. Maybe he’d changed.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you,” Castiel whispered, settling himself across from Dean who was still blinking at him sleepily.
Dean’s eyes flicked to her, and she just shrugged. He couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face. “Speaking from experience, are we?”
the part of a sane, rational, well-to-do amnesiac. After about a minute, definitely not enough time to pull himself together, the wooden door to his left creaked open.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand under the table, interlacing their fingers and squeezing. The gesture was grounding and familiar.
“Castiel,” she interrupted gently, “I do not know. Missouri didn’t share. But even if she had, I couldn’t and wouldn't  tell you.” Castiel nodded. He understood, it was not her place to share. Dean could share what he wanted, when he wanted, with who he wanted, whenever he was ready. All Castiel could do was be there for him when that moment came. He turned to look into the glass room. All of the lights were off, but he could see the outline of a Dean-shaped lump in the bed furthest from the door.
Cas leaned forward and placed a soft kiss in his hairline before resting their foreheads together. “We’ll get through this, okay? Whatever you need from me, I’ll do.”
He walked up to them, and before he was even halfway, Meg spotted him. She jumped to her feet, her dark curls bouncing around her face at the sudden movement. Gabriel followed her lead, and he smiled at Castiel as he walked the final distance to his family.
“I was looking for the vending machine and then got lost,” Cas said with a half shrug. “Why haven’t you gone in yet?”
“Yeah Cas, the other times we lost you. That’s when Dean breaks. You’re his breaking point. That’s always been the case Cas, he’s always wrecked. He withdraws into himself, pushes everyone away, gets suicidally reckless. He’s always wrecked but this time he seemed wrecked and… I guess, haunted.””
Dean posted on social media frequently, and if he didn't, his friends would. Cas has been watching his life in pictures for the past five years. Has watched Dean grow into himself, watched the milestones and partners through the secondary lens of an outsider.
Cas, much to Dean’s dismay, did not join him in the shower but rather waited for him in Dean’s room. To make matters worse, Cas was fully clothed up to the trench coat by the time Dean walked back in.
But the idea of hearing that it was all a mistake, a result of crossed wires and shit – Dean just didn’t want to hear it. Last night was a kaleidoscope of confusing emotions, but there was no denying that it had felt
By his first Thursday, he was getting comfortable with this weird life he was now living; this limbo space he was currently occupying. He was comfortable enough that when he opened his eyes that morning, he didn’t scramble to find where he was and didn’t jump up in a panic because he had overslept; he just rolled onto his back and lazily stretched his arms and legs.
that he can leave now. I think that’s what happened with the demons too. The Empty doesn’t have influence outside of its plane, but in it, it is very strong. Strong enough to psychologically affect one even outside of the Empty’s realm of control.”
Castiel was not sure if following Dean was the right thing. He really did not know what the right thing to do was. But, what he did know was that he did not want Dean to be alone right now, not while he was like this.
“Of course. We want to make sure you keep going on this promising upswing you’ve been on lately,” Charlie smiled.
Cas moved his mouth back slightly, so that he could take in a few quick breaths. Dean whined at the loss and that
Castiel had gone back to his room, climbed back into bed, but rest, he did not. Sleep wouldn’t come. His vision was haunted with Dean’s frantic eyes and whenever he shifted, all he could feel were the echoes of Dean’s desperate hands. He replayed the scene over and over.
“Sammy,” Dean looked at his brother, and the question that had been haunting him since he woke up sweating in his shared room at
“I thought you would have gone to sleep. I was going to explain everything to you in the morning,” Stevie said, getting up. She walked over to a small sofa and gestured for Castiel to take a seat.
Thank you all so, so much for your continual engagement with this story. I appreciate it endlessly. The reads, kudos and, particularly, the comments absolutely make my day whenever I get notified.
Dean was distractible and very anxious those first couple of days. Castiel tried to be there for him as much as possible. Letting Dean talk, letting him be quiet, just being around so that he knew he wasn’t alone. He even read to Dean for three consecutive nights, but, although Dean would slip under the comfortable blanket of unconsciousness easily enough, Castiel often awoke in the middle of the night to find Dean pacing the room or scratching away on blank pages at the little desk.
“Well, that’s where I’m headed now, so, you can walk with me if you’d like?” Castiel offered, pulling the sleeves of his hoodie low over his hands as he smiled at the newcomer.
“But there’s no point trying to set a broken bone if the leg is still bleeding. Some things need to be dealt with
“And why not?" she countered, "I get the feeling you haven’t had a lot of fun in your life. And, more than that, there’s a reason those things are included in this program. It helps with introspection, creating a calmer, safer environment for people to heal. Dean, I can sense this doesn’t come easy to you, but I’m going to need you to trust that, for now, the people in charge here know what’s best and wouldn’t do anything unless we truly believed it was necessary and conducive to this process.”
thoughts that were screaming at him, took a deep breath and scooted closer to Dean. Dean gave him a questioning look, but Castiel did not stop. He pushed himself onto his knees and then swung one leg over Dean’s lap, so that he was straddling his thighs. Dean’s eyes blew wide, and the verdant of them glinted in a way that shot electricity straight through Castiel. Dean settled his hands in the cradles of Castiel’s hips, his fingers flexing as he pulled Castiel closer. Castiel’s heart was trying to beat out of his chest, his entire body was
Dean ignored him, pinning his gaze on Cas whose arms were still slightly away from his body, reaching into the suddenly empty space in front of him, as if waiting for Dean to return to them. The moment had changed so quickly, slipped away from them. Dean had had so much he wanted to say, so many apologies to make, so much to confess. But with Cas safe, all he could think of was the anger. The hurt. The pain. Cas had pulled the rug right out from under him, and then just
He wasn’t sure when he started noticing, started understanding that the rapid movements in his hands were tremors, started hearing the difference between the honey-rich laugh and the hollow sound he used when his mind was elsewhere, started to realize that when he bit the inside of his cheek while staring at another blank piece of paper with only his brother’s name written on the top, was him holding back tears. But he saw, and he understood. And Castiel wanted nothing more than to make it better.
Not sure how to do trigger warnings exactly, but Sam does confront Dean on his suicidally reckless behavior in this chapter.
Being around him, seeing him, hearing him, smelling him… It was all too much. Too much sense memory. Too painful. Too overwhelming.
Gabriel’s fingers twitched but remained stuck in their death grip. “That is not true, Cassie. And you know that.”
Castiel lowered his head so that their foreheads were touching. As he closed his eyes, Dean started experimentally running his fingers along Castiel’s spine, and the contact made Castiel feel so unequivocally
Their eyes locked for a moment and then Cas doubled over as a coughing fit wracked through his body.
“Hey, look at me,” Castiel tipped Dean’s jaw with his fingers, “you did nothing wrong. You were in a weird place last night, and you were looking for comfort. And when it was something I couldn’t give you, you listened when I spoke. Dean, I’m the one who’s sorry…”
But Dean shook his head and ripped Cas’ shirt up and over his head in one swift movement. “I don’t wanna talk.”
And then there was something pulling him into a sitting position, his back leaning against something solid. He kept gulping for air, pulling in oxygen but no matter what he did, the air did not seem to reach his lungs.
“Exasperation?” Dean asked, mock-hurt. His heart was beating loudly, Cas’ words doing something to him - his fucking skin felt alive.
They were both quiet for a while, and Dean, silently and subconsciously, started trailing his finger higher until he was tracing the veins in Castiel’s forearm from the wrist to the soft skin of the inside of his elbow. Dean tried not to notice the goosebumps erupting on Castiel’s skin at his touch. Tried not to notice how something in his stomach tightened when he heard Castiel’s breath catch.
“Jack, we know that in order to win this fight, you needed to absorb Chuck’s powers. I know, it was our plan. But it was a do or die situation, and we needed to end him. We
Cas was just never something Dean thought he’d have to move past. Never something he thought he’d have to learn to live without.
back to the Bunker. Sam’s mood seemed to fit with his - he was staring out the window, eyebrows creased. Neither of them said anything the whole way home.
“I don’t want to hit you,” Dean shouted. The coiling in Cas’ chest continued, tightening to the point that Cas felt as his flow of oxygen had been cut off.
And although Sam sometimes showed moments that seemed to glow lucidity, Dean was pretty sure that Sam had no idea what was going on around him, that he was completely incapable of sifting through the murky blend of reality and delusion that he had awoken to.
“No, I need to talk to Amara right now,” Dean snarled. The sound sounded brutal, somewhat animalistic. Castiel had never heard Dean sound like this before, had never heard anyone sound like that before, never heard this kind of raw, aching pain.
Dean wasn’t sure how he suddenly ended up even closer to Castiel or when Castiel’s legs ended up crossed in front of him, but he realized he was now one small movement away from being seated in his lap. He wasn’t sure how his hands ended up on either side of Castiel's neck either, thumbs tracing slow, soft patterns in the hollows behind his ears.
Which is what made this so much worse. This moment of inaction was not something he had anticipated. He assumed that when this moment came, he would be barreling through the door.
Charlie, upon seeing Dean, had decided that he should probably see Missouri before getting his schedule. Or before talking to him at all. So, now, he was seated outside her therapy room, on an overstuffed, aggressively yellow couch. Dean had not liked the anxious looks Charlie cast his way. He really didn’t like that she was hovering, furtively glancing at him as she pretended to read the file in front of her. Dean looked away from her and closed his eyes. He tried to calm his rapid breathing. If he was going to get out of here today, he would need to
“Dean Winchester. I need you and I love you. With all that I am. Whatever is left of me is yours. For as long as you’ll have me,” Cas said staring at him. There was a beat.
The hollow feeling stuck with him, clung to a place right under his sternum making each breath difficult as he drove
Firstly, I know this chapter is a day early, but I have a really busy day planned tomorrow, and I always prefer to get things earlier rather than later so *gestures* here ya go!
So instead, Dean kissed him. He pulled Cas in and grasped his jaw in both hands as he crushed their mouths together. And he hoped - no, he prayed -  he
experiencing that. And don’t try to tell me that it was a one off thing. I saw in your eyes, the resignation, the way you steeled yourself… But not once had I experienced what, to you, was second nature to survive. My entire life, you protected me. You saved my life over and over. Man, you sacrifice everything for me. Don't you think I'd do the same for you? You're my big brother; there's nothing I wouldn't do for you.”
“Yes,” Dean replied, shifting his hands under his legs to hide the shaking from her all-knowing gaze, “He’s the closest thing I’ve had to family in the last five weeks.”
“I think I mostly agreed to come because I was, like, hopped up on pain medication, or some shit. But, like, I can’t actually afford to be here. And, like, nothing that has happened to me is bad enough to justify being here and…” Dean scrambled. He wished he knew how to put into words the urgency of the situation, say it in such a way that made her see how desperately he needed to get out of here. His hands were shaking. His chest tightened. He couldn’t breathe.
“I love you very much, Gabe. You, yourself, have not had an easy life, and of course, that affected you. You don’t like staying in the same place for too long, because you fear the feeling of being stuck again, but you did stay for me when you could. When you were in a position to do that. You only left when I asked you to, when I was an adult myself. You’ve always come when I needed you, Gabriel, and that outweighs any other ill-perceived sin you might be berating yourself for.”
Dean made a soft choking sound, and Castiel drew him tighter. Castiel kissed the back of his neck and then kissed a line down his shoulder. Light, grounding gestures.
“I’m no good with words, so I’m sorry if I’m about to fuck up, but I just want you to know… I’m really grateful you’re alive. I’m really happy I got to meet you.”
Next week we have quite a fluffy chapter. The angst is not over yet, as the boys both have some work to do, but I thought I would give them a little reprieve.
He took a quick shallow breath. He needed to stop himself. He needed to pull himself together. He breathed in again quickly, going over some of the techniques Pamela had taught him,  after the first bad night with Dean, to stave off panic.
Dean’s mouth dropped open, the hostility morphing into disbelief for a second, before reverting back. And then Dean somehow looked even
. Or, more accurately, his outright fucking enjoyment of this place. He liked how each touch seemed to vibrate with possibility, how each glance held a new promise. He liked how, whenever they got a moment alone, they would inevitably end up tangled up together, as if they were undeniably locked in each other’s gravity, whether this was against a tucked away wall or one of their beds. Dean liked the stolen kisses, the lingering looks, the incessant need they both seemed to have to always be
“Cas, I…” Dean tried to interrupt, but Castiel trailed his hand from Dean’s cheek to his lips to cover his mouth gently with his palm.
Dean turned over, so that they were face to face. For a long while, they just looked at each other, Castiel’s arms still enveloping Dean. Dean, eventually, slowly lifted his hand and caressed Castiel’s cheek, “Thank you.”
“When you said that you are the only member of this wildly popular club,” Dean pressed a gentle kiss to Cas’ temple.
“Yes, well angelic grace does the same thing. Well, it could technically, with the right spell,” Jack said plainly.
“Nothing, really, I’m fine,” Castiel smiled through his tears, “I promise. I just had an overwhelming rush of love for you.” Whatever Meg had been expecting it was not that. Her eyebrows furrowed as she squinted at him.
Cas nodded as he gripped Dean’s shirt. Dean hurriedly lifted his hands, and they made quick work of his shirt. Cas’ eyes hungrily followed the line of freckles that spilled from Dean’s throat onto his chest and immediately realized that his memory of Dean had not done him justice.
“It’s great that she’s going to Stanford too. It's nice that they will have each other," Cas continued as he gazed out the window.
He heard the door creak open but didn’t bother lifting his head or opening his eyes. It has been a really long time since he’s had a busy day like today. He was even a little embarrassed at how aggressively exhaustion was tugging at his consciousness. It wasn’t even six p.m. yet.
“Yeah,” she said soothingly, sitting down next to him, “He just had a tough session today. I called Missouri, and she came back; they talked for a while. He seemed a lot calmer after.”
“Dean, that’s not true,” Castiel said quietly, but firmly. Dean cracked a half-smile that held a lot more sadness than Castiel had anticipated.
For the first morning since he arrived here, Dean did not wake up hard. He avoided thinking about exactly
Cas coughed twice, inhaled in that broken, wheezy way before saying: “Asthma attack. I can’t –“ another spluttering cough, “I can’t find my inhaler.”
“Do you want to stop? Or slow down?” Dean asked, no judgement or disappointment in his voice, just his hands running a continual soothing path along his back.
Every part of him had felt alive. Every part of him had molded itself to Cas as if by muscle memory. It felt like his body had been aching for Cas’, and the reunion burned away years of numbness and denial.
“But, I want you to know that I also meant that my happiness wasn’t in the having. I am very happy Dean, elated, overjoyed to just be in your life. To be a friend to you. To get to learn from you. I do not want you to think that this has to change us. I don’t need…” Cas continued.
He did everything he could to avoid going to sleep. To avoid the way Dean seemed to haunt all over his
. And it felt like I had lost a part of me, like an arm or a leg, something I fundamentally did not know how to live without. You were gone, and I was off balance. And I just kept reliving that moment over and over. It was one of the worst things that ever happened to me. I lost you. I lost myself. You’re my compass Cas. Not a moral compass necessarily, but you keep me from getting lost in all the darkness that has been infiltrating my life for as long as I can remember. You point me in the direction that allows me to be myself, the direction that makes sure I don't get stuck in my sinister tendencies and coping mechanisms. You’re my lighthouse Cas. My guide. And it was so dark when you were gone…. But then when we got you back. And the joy I felt in just
It had taken a while to get used to things as they were now. And, for the duration of his stay so far, there had only ever been seven patients, including himself, and the staff worked on rotation. But, there hadn’t been any change in the nurses he was dealing with. Everything ran very predictably, so he didn’t have any right to complain.
“And I kept telling myself that we’d have time after this all ended, when we could talk, and I’d have more time to understand what all of this meant. What exactly you mean to me. But there was just never an
“Demons,” Cas murmured so softly that if Dean hadn’t been staring at his lips, he would have missed it.
He drew in a shaky breath when he felt more in control. “Nothing is more important to me. Sammy, there is nothing, past or present, that I would put in front of you. I need you to come back, okay? If not for you, then for me.”
for six weeks, it was rather unusual that he did not know his way to the nurse’s station. In his defense, he hasn’t been there in six weeks. Not since he was placed in the observation room, the rectangular room with glass walls, right next to the nurse’s station, at the start of his stay. All new patients were required to stay there, it was casually referred to as “the fish bowl” by all the patients, for their first forty eight hours here – under constant supervision by whichever nurses were on duty during that time.
“Yeah… you. Now come, I don’t want cold coffee,” Dean tilted his head in the vicinity of the cafeteria. Castiel’s face broke out into a smile.
And he is right; there is nothing graceful about falling. There shouldn’t be. We aren’t at our best when things crumble around us. It is a messy, ugly, process. Trying to cover it up serves no purpose and just adds an extra weight to an already unbearably heavy load. But who you are, at the heart of you, that will never be anything but lovely.”
“This is me trying,” Dean whispered pleadingly, maintaining direct eye contact, not letting go of his hand. He tugged gently to silently urge Cas back onto the bed. When Cas was finally seated again Dean launched himself at Cas, wrapping his arms around him, hugging him close and burying his face into Cas’ neck.
“Very well,” Castiel smiled. “Which book would you like me to read?” Castiel pointed to the stack on his bedside table. Dean turned slightly so he could look at them.
Although Amara had suggested he take the day to reacclimate to the real world, he still decided that he would rather go straight to the hospital. He had listened to her a lot over the last two months, had trusted her, but these last two weeks with his memories intact, it became increasingly difficult to be away from Sam. Most nights he woke up in a cold sweat, reaching blindly just for his hands to catch onto nothing in the empty space beside him.
Sam nodded, “Smart”. Dean exhaled, glad that Sam was on board. He did not feel like arguing with him again.
Dean pulled away immediately, as if he had been electrocuted, he tumbled off of Cas’ lap and fell onto the hard floor. He scrambled up looking wildly around.
“Cas, Cas I hope you can hear me.” Dean’s voice quivered, he checked behind him quickly to make sure Sam hadn’t silently slipped into his room. He wiped the tears trailing down his cheeks with the back of his hand and cleared his throat.
Eileen joined them at the table. Dean removed his arm from around Cas, but twined his ankle with the angel’s under the table. Cas loved that Dean seemed to constantly need to be physically touching him because he needed it too. The warm feel of his skin was a touchstone. A reminder that he was really here and that he wasn’t about to wake up and lose this.
“I don’t. You can do who and what you want. As long as he knows, you know. You shouldn’t get physical with other people without telling your partner.”
He was sorely disappointed when he voiced this because instead of Cas ripping off his shirt and sending buttons flying everywhere, he just laughed. Cas stepped away from him fully before adding, “If you’re late to Sam’s graduation, you’re going to be very upset with yourself, and I’m going to be stuck with your sulking for the remainder of the day, and I refuse to be subjected to that.”
Because the fact of the matter is, Dean is still as undeniably in love with Castiel Novak now as he was five years ago. The day Cas left him, he left with Dean’s heart, shredded and mangled, in his hands. The reason it could never work with anyone else was because his chest was empty, there was nothing to give. It has stayed with Cas.
Dean cracked up laughing again, “Just our luck though, right? History repeating itself and all that.” There was something expectant in the way Dean was looking at him.
Dean had spent every minute since that night trying not to think about the break up. He never touched the memories, terrified that grazing it, even second hand, would burn the way it did when he first lived it. He never thought about it. He’d thought of Cas, a lot. He couldn’t help it. But that night? No. He didn’t feel like he could survive reliving it. He wasn’t strong enough.
“You’re obviously not staying,” Dean continued with that distant tone when it became evident Cas was not going to respond.
Which, with Cas being so close and so obtuse, was completely fair. If Cas was going to say stupid and hurtful shit, then Dean was absolutely justified in his anger and throwing tantrums that put toddlers to shame. A better man would probably try to mend fences, try to see things from Cas’ perspective, but Dean has never claimed to be a better man.
Castiel exhaled and nodded, walking Dean towards the little desk. Dean sat down, the confusion now bleeding into his features.
Dean nodded, eyes staying closed this time. Castiel counted his breaths, but before he reached ten, he joined Dean in unconsciousness.
“What am I supposed to do?” Dean screamed at the top of his lungs, agony ripping through him. He whirled on the tree his fist, attached to the arm whose shoulder was still in tact, connecting with the bark before he remembered giving his brain the command to do so.
The drive itself had been relatively uneventful, Dean had spent most of the time hovering in the semi-conscious state that existed in between sleep and awake. He had grumbled half-heartedly that he thought it a cruel and unusual punishment to be forced to be awake before the sun had even risen, as they left. Amara had steadfastly ignored him. The driver, however, had huffed a sound that had seemed a lot like agreement. No one had said another word the whole way there.
“I like coming here in the mornings. I like the quiet. The promise a new day holds. For a while there, it felt like the only time I could truly be myself. Not have to carry the weight of a mask,” Cas explained, as he used the hand of the arm encircling Dean’s shoulders to card through Dean’s hair, “I liked that I had this time alone; time to think and clarify and work through things.”
He remembered Cas always slipping his inhaler into his trench coat pocket before they went out. He remembered him taking it out of that pocket when they got home, either to his place or Dean’s. It was a routine.
Cas tried not to seem as interested as he was in every detail Dean was willing to share. He was drinking in the information, filing it away, letting it slip and fit in between the information he knew, that he’d gleaned from Dean’s social media and passing comments from Charlie.
, Dean was supposed to have shared his life story the previous week, when he reached the midpoint of his program, but given the lack of progress in the memory department, Missouri had agreed that Dean would be allowed to wait until such a time when those lost memories clicked back into place. It was unfair to depict the story when pieces were missing.
And Cas knew that this was stupid, wrong, pathetic. He knew this, down to the very marrow of his bones he knew this. But in the weeks and months that followed
They drove in silence for a while, and Dean’s sleeplessness from the night before - a hot mixture of anticipation and nerves keeping him this side of consciousness for most of the night - settled around him and he dropped his head onto Cas’ shoulder.
“Desperately so, buddy,” Dean grinned again, but that same strained tone was still evident in his voice. Castiel wondered why he sounded like that. Was he
He could, however, place his finger on it when, suddenly, he was faced with the person he’d just been daydreaming about.
“Clarence, you look fucking dreadful,” Meg greeted him. Castiel sighed. He knew he did, his face looked ashen, and the shadows under his eyes contrasted horribly with the bloodshot eyes themselves. Meg watched him wearily, and Castiel noticed that she tensed up as she catalogued him.
“Hey Cas, buddy, you gotta know… It’s nothing like that, okay?” Dean whispered, edging cautiously closer to Castiel. He tensed when Dean entered into his space, but he didn’t move. Dean took it as a win and didn’t stop until he was sitting cross legged right in front of Castiel. Dean reached out and circled the other man’s wrist with his own hand, running a thumb over his pulse point very slowly. Dean did not know where the instinct to soothe Castiel in this way came from. The sudden, urgent need to make him feel valued and important by physically touching him was as foreign as it was enticing.
Eileen laughed as she walked to dish up breakfast for herself, stopping to kiss the top of Sam’s head briefly before grabbing a plate.
every few minutes, his grimace mostly hidden by his mask. He managed to claim his luggage and find the Uber Meg had arranged for him before Becky could insist they share contact information because, “
His last night, a warm and comforting Sunday evening, was spent reliving his highlights of the stay with all the residents. Dinner was a cacophony of people trying to talk over each other to share their favorite Castiel moment.
But, to Cas’ surprise, Dean shook his head. “No, it’s interesting. Really, and it’s great that you had a good time.”
The thing is, when Dean had first seen Cas, his heart lifted. It felt like a breath that had been stuck inside him for years was finally able to escape. It was overwhelming seeing him, sure, but it was like a part of him had been waiting for Cas for years. And when Dean saw him, it was like a part of his soul reached for Cas, had whispered
Cas groaned when Dean tugged on his hair. He walked them backwards, never once separating, until Dean was flat against the back wall of the room. He didn’t stop moving, not until they were completely lined up, making sure they were touching everywhere they could. Cas was pushing Dean into the wallvwith the full force of his body weight.
Dean had bitched about it for a while and had spent the past forty-eight hours trying to get out of this commitment. He had to admit, however, even if it was only to himself, that these extreme mood swings and violently demanding emotions were highly foreign to him. He wasn’t sure what they meant or how to deal with them, and going somewhere until he could get a grasp on himself seemed like a good idea. There was no way he could be like this in front of Sammy. Couldn’t let his younger brother observe his slow descent into something he did not recognize.
That same hollow, humorless laugh broke off Dean’s lips. “Yeah, and she said she never lied. She never said he was okay, only that he wasn’t in the car accident.”
He thought of the way his eyes lit up when he laughed, his hesitant and curious touches. He thought of his strength, his kindness. He thought of the the way he had read to Dean, the timbre of his voice as the syllables cascaded from those perfect, pale lips.
Dean’s posture quickly hardened from shell shocked to cold fury. His gaze steeled, his shoulders tensed. Cas watched as Dean’s guarded persona bled over him.
“Yeah,” Cas replied when it became apparent Meg wasn’t going to. “They went to high school together.”
“Cas, baby, please don’t be gone. Wherever you are, please be okay. Please don’t … Please don’t leave me. I’m coming to get you okay? Cas, I’m coming please just… I’m coming, wait for me.”
Cas was smiling in earnest now; his entire face was alight, and Dean’s heart stuttered in his chest. He made a vow to spend as much time from here on out, trying to illicit that smile from the angel.
“And whatever you need from me, Dean, you got it, okay? If you need to go back sooner, I’ll look after Sam when you go. I’ll stay with him.” Bobby said softly.
Dean realized that if his fear constricted any tighter around his lungs, he would pass out from oxygen deprivation.
“I’m Dean, by the way,” he said smiling. Castiel felt the fire of the touch dissolving the cold that was threatening to drown him. Dean’s hand was warm, his fingers calloused and the rough scrape of them against the skin of Castiel’s hand had him feeling as his very blood was being electrified.
“Dean stop”, Sam pleaded with his brother as he pulled him away. He nearly had Dean back to the car - a difficult feat as Dean was tearing forward, arms flailing, looking for something to swing at - when there was a shift. Dean stopped struggling and just slumped down, falling onto his knees in the dirt. Dean looked up at the endless sky, the midnight blue freckled with stars.
“Some of those who ventured in to the Empty, ventured in with a demon captive. It was only done three or four times because most members were hesitant to go there. They mostly did it through astral projection.”
Long before he was ready, he was face-to-face with the white, stale-smelling curtains. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly and then pulled them away.
Cas walked to Dean’s room and registered the couch for the first time. As he walked over to it to take a seat, something on Dean’s side table caught his eye. Cas inhaled sharply when he saw a picture of himself in a cowboy hat staring back at him. The edges of the photo were bent and the image itself creased in multiple places, as if someone had been constantly holding it, worrying it, fidgeting with it.
“Nothing,” Dean grumbled as he forcefully dropped the pan into the sink, soapy water spilling over the edge and sloshing all over the floor and Dean’s pants. Dean ignored it. So Castiel did too.
“I’m fi…” Dean caught himself, shaking his head as he had done earlier, and when he looked at Castiel, he seemed more present than he had the whole day.
Sam rolled his eyes at Dean, but responded, “Some circuses have this horrific practice when they need to train elephants that are bought for show purposes. When they are babies, they are tied to tree trunks and no matter how hard they pull or try to get loose they can’t because they aren’t strong enough when they are little. By doing this they are conditioned to think they can’t escape. So, by the time they are adults and totally capable of actually ripping a tree out of the ground, they don’t even attempt it because they assume they can’t as that’s what they’ve been made to believe.”
“Hi Cas,” Cas stood up and pulled his kid into a hug, tears threatening to spill as Jack buried his face into Cas’ chest. Jack was openly sobbing. A child reunited with a father who had been taken too soon. Castiel spoke to him in a soothing voice, murmuring encouragements until Jack started regaining his composure.
He had smiled when Cas had walked over to him and had placed a gentle kiss to his forehead. Had smiled when he had called him handsome.
He could only hear her side of the conversation, but when it seemed to be drawing to a close, he blurted out, “He wants to see Amara. He keeps saying that.”
Cas gave him a soft, knowing look before walking closer to him. He rested a hand on the side of Dean’s neck. Dean’s hands stopped moving.
It wasn’t a question; it was a statement, but Dean saw it as the former. “Of course you did, asshole. Worse than – “
falling in love with you. And I didn’t know. I didn’t know. I wasn’t there… He needed me and I…” Dean took a shaky breath, “Cas, I just… I don’t care about what happens to me. I never really have. But I do care what happens to my brother…”
“I’m going to miss you, though,” Castiel admitted when he pulled away and placed his hand flat on Dean’s chest. Dean lifted Castiel's other hand and pressed a tender kiss in the center of his palm. Castiel’s fingers closed instinctively, as if he could physically hold on to it.
Gabriel grinned, but it didn’t reach his eyes. He darted a furtive glance over to Meg before scratching the side of his head uncomfortably. Both of them avoided looking at him.
“That seems illegal,” Castiel admitted. Charlie laughed good naturedly as she took a seat at the desk.
Sam gave him a look, and Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to get away with anything. Sam knew him too well.
He deepened the kiss, biting Cas’ lower lip and pulling back, letting it slip slowly from between his teeth.
“Hey, so, what were you thinking of doing for your open session today?” Dean asked, as he walked back into the room.
“I didn’t want to set you back. It’s what I had to discuss with Charlie last weekend,” Meg said, biting her thumbnail. Castiel looked at her, really looked at her, and he could feel the unease that was clinging to her radiating towards him. What an unbelievably difficult situation she must be in.
"Dudes! You're getting me in the feels. Anyways congrats! Imma go find my date." She winked leaving them alone again.
Cas's eyes widened a bit and he blushed down making Dean smile. Dean ruffled his hair before leaving the room. Dean strolled back into the library where Sam was, now just eating lunch.
"Fuck, fuck , fuck, Cas!" Dean came untouched all over his leather couch clenching impossibly tight around Castiel ripping his orgasm out as well. Castiels forehead fell in between Deans shoulder blades as he steadied himself and tried to catch his breath. He pulled out after a couple minutes and tossed the condom away before turning back to give Dean a long lingering kiss.
"Sorry I didn't mean to intrude. It's just been so long since I've seen your art. You've gotten quite good with your anatomy." Inias complemented.
"I'm just getting a beer, the only sweet I'm hungry for now is you." Gabe winked. Castiel rolled his eyes which made Dean laugh.
Even as Dean woke up in the foggy humid car the next morning, he put on his clothes and cuddled back into a very naked Cas. He still couldn't count all the reasons why he was so wildly in love with the angel. There were miracles in his kisses, medicine to Deans veins. Castiel was Deans waking thought, his sweetest dream, and everything thing good, bad, soft, rough, hot cold just everything in between.
Dean woke up the next morning to an empty bed. He grumbled discontentedly as he shuffled out of the sheets and stumbled to his feet. Once he was standing he was very aware of the soreness of his ass and smiled to himself before going to use Cas's bathroom. He didn't want to bother with putting his jeans back on, especially with how numb his legs still were from last night's activities and sleep, so he put on a silky white bathrobe he found in the bathroom.
I have moved to France with my brother. I want you to know this is not your fault, and that I will miss you truly. These past five months have been some of the greatest days of my life. You were my first boyfriend, my first kiss, my first love, my first everything. I hope to see you one day again.
Dean walked down the stairs of the flat feeling like he was walking on a cloud. If Dean had any doubts about his sexuality before last night, they were now certainly gone. Castiel was something else with his beautiful blue eyes and luscious dark locks. He made it out onto the street where Sam was waiting for him. He looked both ways before crossing the street to his brothers crappy car.
Castiel strode across the library floor to Dean and the two of them looked at each other for a moment. Cas leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to the corner of Deans mouth making them both smile warmly. They walked down through the halls to Deans bedroom stopping when they saw Sam's door open. Both him and Eileen were asleep though, so they didn't have to worry about waking them. When they got to Deans door, Cas was still hesitant when he walked in behind Dean. The hunter shrugged off his jacket and set it on the back of the chair before towing off his shoes.
"...Can I join you?" Castiel murmured. Dean smiled and took his hand. They walked into the bathroom together blushing profusely. As soon as the door was shut, Castiels lips were on his. Soft and insistent. Warm and wet. The smooth glide of his tongue, tasting every inch of his mouth. Dean whimpered into the kiss, unable to believe he almost gave this up. Castiel pulled him out of his clothes in probably record time. He kissed every part he could reach, and Dean allowed himself to be swept away. Allowed himself to be praised, even though he didn't deserve it. Cas sucked marks on his neck, jaw, shoulders, collar bone, chest. Marked him up with kisses until Dean was panting.
"Look, I know your not going to let me pay for your meds, or school. But... what if you moved in with me?"
The two of them hailed a cab together and drove to Le Bouchon, a bar that the two of them often went to pick up people. Castiel didn't ever ask Gabriel's sexuality but his brother often picked up both men and women. Castiel on the other hand had tried the ladies, but he knew he was gay. The only woman who had ever made him question was Meg a French violinist that he spent two weeks with during the summer of his eighteenth birthday. She was lovely and beautiful, but when it came to sex he just... couldn't. So he resorted to spending his early twenties with his brother picking up boys in bars and taking them back home for the night. It always left him a little unsatisfied and exhausted because although the sex was great and he in truth didn't want a relationship, sometimes finding a new one night stand was just as hard as dating. They made it inside the bar and went up to the counter where Benny Lafitte was tending tonight.
"No. Gabe left once he was eighteen. To be honest I don't even know what Gabe is, but it's not my place to ask. If I had to guess I would say he is pansexual."
"When I make love to you," he whispered against his lips, tongue brushing ever so slightly, "I try, with each stroke of my tongue to say I love you. To tease," he nipped Deans jaw, "I love you. To force," he said pressing the pad of his finger against the sensitive ring of muscle, "I love you. To melt, I love you. I look at you and I see the most beautiful man alive. Inside and out, and I can't help but think in an infinite universe, with infinite possibilities, I met you. I love you, Dean Winchester."
"Yeah. They uh, put a little piece of paper in there. It usually says some cheap cliché quote. But they're for fun." Cas nodded and opened his.
"Cyrus... I'm sorry. I wasn't- I wasn't me back then. And I have felt horrible about that ever since."
"See you in the car." And he stepped out of the warehouse. Dean watched the door as he stepped out and then looked back at the glowing feather wrapped in rings with small little blue eyes on them. Dean sighed in relief and he took off the glasses. He tucked them into the collar of his shirt and closed his eyes. He kissed the feather lightly, holding it close to him.
Dean smiled victoriously and sat down. He picked up the book he was reading last night before Sam interjected.
"Seriously though. Why are you drunk, Cas? I know you like to drink but," he sighed taking a seat next to him on the couch. "This is different."
"Yeah. I was pretty young so I don't remember much. There was a freak fire in Sammy's nursery and my mom... she died trying to save him."
"Drink, and take two of these." Dean did as he was instructed and breathed in deeply through his nose, that was raw with all the times he had to blow away his tears last night.
"No, you need rest. You should get some sleep, Dean." Dean nodded hesitantly and stood up. He brushed his hand over Cas's shoulder on his way out. He stopped at the doorway though turning back to Cas who was still sitting there facing away.
Castiel traced his fingers along his back in small patterns leaving goosebumps from the gentle touch.
"I love Dean, with all my heart. I've never cared about anyone as much as him and I want to take care of him. When I say I don't want anyone else, I mean forever... what I'm saying is... if I were to- if I asked for your blessing... potentially," He sighed. "Could I have your blessing?"
He could finally hug him. And not for one last time. He could tell him how much he loves him, even though that thought scares the hell out of him. He could hold on to him and never let go. Maybe he could even get an apple pie life. Just instead of a wife and kids, he'd have Cas and Miracle. He smiled reading the book at the idea of having Cas as a partner... like a husband. With a white picket fence, a garden, a dog. They'd go on cheesy movie dates and long car rides into the Impala just to steam up the windows when they'd park. He'd take Cas out to nice restaurants and hold his hand. Prove that he's not afraid of loving him. But that is... if he could learn to not be afraid by the time they figured this out. Because truth be told, he loved Castiel more than anything, ever. And that scared him. He brushed away those thoughts forcing his mind to focus on the spell texts. He needed to figure this out. For Cas.
Just then Jack came stepping out from behind her. He looked... different. Dean knew how becoming god had changed Castiel. And he could only imagine the same was happening to Jack, but he was barely even four despite his adult form.
"No It's just, I don't know... pretty domestic. Like we're an old married couple who's not afraid to be comfortable around each other."
"Hon, it's an eight hour drive minimum. We'd have to leave tomorrow morning to get good vacation time."
He went and rented a motel to stay in while he tried to sort his shit out. His heart felt shattered and he wanted nothing more than to just run back and beg Cas to forgive him. But could he? Would he? He laid awake in bed, he called his pharmacist and asked about different medications. The one he had been used to and fine with years ago, didn't work for him now the way it used to. His doctor did recommend one and he agreed that he would try it. After that he called Sam and let him know what happened. Sam sighed and obviously bit his tongue instead of ripping Dean a new one. In the end, he agreed to keep an eye on Cas while he figured himself out.
When they made it back to the bunker, Eileen wasn't there. Sam said she had texted and was going to visit a friend and would be back in time for the spell. Dean gathered all the things they needed for the spell. Honeysuckle, dead mans blood, holy oil, oleander leaves, and the αύρα. Or Cas's feather. He made sure that Sam had the incantation spell ready to go for once they found the reaper. Dean changed quickly before he grabbed they key to Deaths library and the bowl of ingredients.
"Ha! He's funny. Dean always had a dry sense of humor. Always so anal retentive, couldn't take a joke." Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean needed to be more careful. He'd known for sometime now that he loved Cas, but he feared it was still too soon. They had barely been in an actual relationship a month. Still he couldn't control the flutter he felt every time Castiel looked at him. Every time he kissed him. Painted him. Made love to him. Every single thing about Castiel was perfect and Dean couldn't even feel guilty about feeling the way he did. He wasn't going to say it again until he was sure Castiel was ready, but he knew in his heart. He was in love with Castiel Novak.
Kelly wrapped Jack in her arms the second they made it back inside the bunker. Everything locked away safely. Dean smiled softly to see Jack happy again. The poor kid deserved it. Dean had a realization when he saw how happy Jack, Kelly and Cas were talking. It made him realize now more than ever, that he wanted that. With Cas, a happy family.
"You could say boner appétit." He laughed and Castiel couldn't help but join in on the crude joke. Dean was genuinely an interesting person and this playful side of him was almost as enjoyable as his sensual side. Dean got up without another word and strode across the floor and put on his discarded boxers from last night before winking and walking out into the living area. Castiel bit his lip in a smile as he got out of the covers as well. He went and grabbed the robe he had left on the floor earlier in the morning and tied it on before walking out to Dean as well.
He was vaguely aware of Cas getting up in the middle of the night. Just from knowing the way he felt his hair prickle on the back of his neck, Castiel was most likely sketching him on the window sill like he often does. He smiled into the sheets before he let himself doze off again.
"... Not quite." Dean said after a moment. He ran back to his room really quickly. He grabbed the lock box that he put the key to Deaths library in last night and ran back out. When he came back, Sam was still sitting there with a befuddled expression. Dean sat down and unlocked the box. He pulled the key out and set it on the table in front of Sam who's eyes went wide.
"I got a matching tattoo with my ex girlfriend Meg. She used to call me her unicorn so we got minimalist unicorn tattoos together."
Jody officiated the wedding and Sam got to walk Dean down the isle which made him cry. Dean remembers it like it was yesterday. How nice the ocean was, toes in the sand. Cas, the most beautiful thing there despite the view of the ocean or sunset. They even have a picture, right in the living room of the kiss they shared on their wedding day. Cas had been shocked when Dean said he wanted it in the living room and simply responded with: "I want everyone to know that I'm the luckiest man alive to have an angel like you for a husband... plus look at your ass in that suit." Cas had flicked him in the ear for that but smiled happily none the less. Sam and Eileen still went on hunts and Cas and Dean gladly baby sat when they went to take on a vamp nest or take care of a salt n' burn.
They stayed up until it was nearly two in the morning. Eileen fell asleep in the chair next to Sam and they all smiled at her before Sam picked her up and carried her bridal style to his bedroom. He wished them a goodnight, leaving the two of them alone in the darkness.
The next morning though, Chuck and Naomi were up a little earlier than expected. Castiel awoke to his mother crying in his doorway as she saw him and Inias naked under the covers together. Inias had scrambled out of the covers and put his clothes on before kissing Castiel goodbye with a quick "I love you." Before he left for the window. Chuck and Naomi yelled at him for hours and told him that if he didn't repent of his sinful ways than he would be kicked out. Castiel had said even if he left Inias, it wouldn't change the fact that he liked men. His parents didn't like that so they kicked him out. Castiel was emancipated and moved to Compiègne to live with his brother Gabriel until college.
Cas simply chuckled and pulled Dean in for another kiss, more languid. Dean smiled into his mouth when he thought about it. Cas was probably one of the best kissers Deans ever had. His tongue so rough and dominant, yet so soft and tender like a woman's. He could easily kiss him all day, loving the rough scrape of stubble along his chin and upper lip.
"Here," Cas said handing Dean the glass. Dean chugged the whole glass in one gulp and Castiel rolled his eyes as he sipped from his own. "Sit up."
"You think our brothers are doing the same thing right about now?" Dean asked, voice muffled in Castiels shoulder.
"Wait- Stein as in... Frankenstein, like the ones Dean," Sam trailed off not being able to finish the sentence.
"Cas- so close," Dean whispered with a shiver. Castiel was determined to get Dean through so for the final push he snapped his hips forward.
"Castiel!" He moaned loudly as his orgasm was punched out of him. The two of them laid heavy and numb for a long time before Dean shifted.
Castiel turned back to the bar only for a moment to grab their whiskeys and ask Benny to put it on their tab before turning back. One of the men was tall, probably about six foot four with long brown hair and hazel eyes. He was very muscular and not a bad looking man but definitely not his type. The other man though was... breathtaking.
"As much as I like that... I think I like Dean Novak more. Plus you already have a celebrity name." He chuckled when Cas rolled his eyes.
"I can see that," Castiel said going up to run his fingers along the paint. "Beautiful." He whispered.
"No!" Dean yelled. He saw Cas hit a tree a ways away and heard a snap followed by a cry of pain. He fought with all his might to get David off of him and scrambled for his lighter. Once he got his footing he tossed the lighter down into the grave and watched David as he started to scream in pain. Dean saw the ghost expelled from his body and the young teen Robin collapsed to the ground in a heap. Dean knew he should help the boy, but he ran to Cas instead. He sprinted across the midnight darkened graveyard to find Cas cradling his arm to his chest. Dean fell to his knees and reached out to examine what had happened.
“Obviously,” Dean smiled flirtatiously. He took a seat at one end of the large dining room table that was meant for all the patients. He flushed with pleasure when Dean collapsed into the seat next to his. The thrill amplified when Dean dragged his chair closer to Castiel’s, the motion causing their knees to brush together. Castiel was suddenly
“She is,” Castiel agreed, “but I’d rather have that than not have tacos.” Dean hummed his agreement, and the two of them climbed out of bed and straightened their clothes. Castiel, following a new instinct, grabbed Dean’s hand in his before they walked out.
“Something interesting started happening in the forty-eight hours before you fully woke up,” Amara continued. “You started talking about fetching Sam from school and about a car you were working on at Mr Singer’s garage. Your memory started going
Dean and Cas both had tears streaming down their faces. There was a beat, a second that stretched out infinitely as Dean held his breath.
“She told me you had the right to know, that you were stronger now, and that you had the support system to deal with them, if that’s what you chose to do.”
Dean barely had time to stand before the door rattled as his new roommate tried the doorknob. The apartments only had one set of keys that was left in the kitchen. Dean heard them jiggle where they were still stuck in the lock.
Dean made a sound that was somewhere between a whine and a grunt. Cas chuckled as he sat cross-legged on his bed. He cocked his head to one side and gave Dean a pointed look. He tried not to marvel at how gracefully Castiel moved into the position. Dean was reminded of how sensually and easily Cas had moved into the various positions during the yoga class yesterday. The guy was
“A couple of broken bones, his most severe injury is a broken femur. He was discharged from hospital a couple of weeks ago. I don’t know where he has gone since. But Mr. Singer wouldn’t let him into your apartment. Even had the locks changed, so he’s definitely not there.”
I really wanted to address the way Dean had acted towards Jack in the final season. It was very out of character, in my opinion, and I do believe that Dean would want to make up for the way he treated our favorite Nephilim.
“Dean, I want you to know that I regret nothing. All the choices I made; I would make them again. In a heartbeat.” His eyes were steely, very clear and his gaze pinned Dean, “I would do it again. And I meant everything I said in there. I am not going to deny that or try walk it back. Being able to finally live that part of me was the happiest I have ever been in my very long life Dean.” Dean’s heart was hammering in his chest, the sound almost deafening. Dean tried to speak, but to his utmost horror he found himself paralyzed in his silence
Dean’s eyes shot open, his heart beating wildly in his chest. He was up and back on his knees at the side of the bed before he had fully regained consciousness.
Dean, whose mouth was a little too full of toothpaste to respond, mumbled something he hoped sounded like an agreement.
“Don’t rush me,” Cas chastised, pulling Dean’s arms away from his ass and shoved them against the headboard. Dean cursed at the show of power, and found he was unable to move his hands from where they were.
Dean shook his head to clear the thoughts away; he almost missed what Sam was saying when he started talking again. “Dean, you can sleep at any given minute of the day. Literally, on command. I have seen it. I’m not buying it.”
“Dude, I can literally hear your eye roll from down here,” Dean accused.  Castiel just huffed out a short laugh.
Dean snapped his head up at that. “You need to keep yourself safe and healthy and alive. If not for yourself, then for those who it would shatter to lose you.”
He threw the comforter off himself and suddenly felt immense relief that he got here first yesterday - the room with the queen bed was the only room that had an en-suite bathroom. There was just no way he’d be able to cross the small apartment in his washed out and threadbare boxers with a hard on. The mere thought of it had him grimacing.
“But Jack, you’re God can’t you just remove the Empty’s influence,” Dean pleaded, hating how vulnerable he sounded.
As always, a great big thank you to Hellbreaker42 for the wonderful beta work and to aubrielle for advanced reading this.
“Look, Doc, I’m not great with the words or the feelings,” Dean said, after a couple of seconds of silence.
Dean watched as the memories came back to him, saw the dawning horror and the fear that froze his movements.
“Well, breakfast is in five minutes,” she said as she headed towards the door, “Better get there before Claire and Adam eat all of the bacon.”
When Dean had imagined this moment in his head, which he had admittedly done almost daily for months now, he never quite imagined it like this. Never Imagined that it would feel this hollow. In his mind, when this moment finally arrived, there would have been this insurmountable flood of relief pouring out of him. He would have felt right and his family… well his family would have celebrated. They would have held on to each other… united.  Together. But this was unfortunately not the reality of the situation.
Cas nodded. He was an observer in some of the darker times in Sam’s life. Dean had been really worried about him. Cas felt a genuine surge of happiness that things seemed to have turned around for Sam, and that the path he was currently walking seemed to be a happy one.
Cas laughed, grabbed Dean’s face in both hands and pressed his lips to Dean’s very briefly before hopping off of him.
But he really looked at her now. Really saw her. Because Castiel realized that Meg had been experiencing nights, like the one he’d had last night, for
Dean nodded twice and then spun on his heel, but instead of heading to the doors leading out of the room he headed towards the doors leading to the kitchen. He didn’t look back, his heart racing as he walked through the doorway and stopped in front of the counters that had everything he requested from Charlie, and right in the center was the most important thing: fresh honey.
Castiel twisted his body uncomfortably where he sat in the front seat so he could stare out the back window of Meg’s car, stare at the spot where Dean was growing smaller, stare until long after they had crested the hills and Dean was out of sight.
“Like what you see, Cas?” Dean teased as he quickly got up and walked to his dresser. He pulled on a black t-shirt and a flannel. By the time he turned back to the man, a light pink trace of a blush was just fading from his cheeks.
Castiel nodded. He, himself, had been admitted on a Monday, and Hannah, being the longest remaining patient here, would know these kinds of trends. By now, the van had pulled up to the reception building, and the vehicle had parked in such a way that it blocked the occupants completely from their view.
“You turn the most interesting shades of red, Mr Novak,” Dean grinned devilishly before pressing a quick, closed mouth kiss to Castiel’s lips and then jumping off of the bed, “Guess we gotta get dressed then.”
Dean huffed out a laugh, squeezing Castiel’s hand gently before he pulled away and started pulling at the hair at the nape of his neck.
See, the logical problem to address would be the message on his phone: a picture of Lisa in nothing but black silk underwear and the caption "
He had not, in fact, been handling this entire trip very well. He hadn’t been prepared for how seeing Castiel, angel of the lord, as vulnerable, human Cas, would affect him.  Dean had long since given up trying to understand why this man seemed to get under his skin and seemed able to draw reactions that even Dean, himself, did not expect.
A great big thank you to Hellbreaker42 for his amazing beta work! You are awesome and I don't deserve you!
So, that is how he found himself staring at the wall silently as the hospital porter walked in with the wheelchair early Saturday morning.
He had heard Sam’s laugh of pure disbelief when Eileen has crashed through the front door on the first day. Dean had stayed in hermit mode. He had heard Sam talking louder than normal, in the way he usually did when he was excited. Ddean was happy that they had managed to find their way back to each other after everything, truly he was, and, although, he felt like a dick for not answering the door when Eileen had knocked that first night, he was not ready to be faced with such unadulterated happiness when it felt like he would never be able to drag himself out of the darkness that had settled within the four walls of his room. Therefore, for two days, he stared at the ceiling and the walls. When he was in a particular mood to punish himself, he would roll over to the bedside table on the other side of the bed, where he kept a very small collection of photos. When he had originally moved into the bunker, the photos were of his parents and Sam, but in the years since he had added photos of his found family too. There were photos of Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, Jack and … and Cas.
“And are you sure, you’re okay with giving up that kind of power?” Cas asked and Dean watched Jack’s face closely as he replied,
Dean eventually calmed down and gathered Cas close to his chest, buried his head in the angel’s shoulder and held on. He held on as if Cas were the last life preserver on a sinking ship, because if Dean was honest, that was exactly what the seraph was. And Cas was reciprocating, in both action and emotion. The arms around Dean’s shoulder and neck digging into his skin with the same desperate energy Dean felt leaking out of his very pores. Dean wanted to melt into Cas, wanted to feel him on every surface of his skin. A single tear slipped down his cheek as he moved one of his arms to touch the back of Cas' head. Dean didn’t move his hand, resisted the urge to run his fingers through his hair and memorize the texture, but he held on.
“Fuck,” Dean jerked and dropped his forehead into the crevice where Cas’ neck met his shoulder before biting down on the juncture. Cas stopped breathing, his vision almost blacking out as another dribble of precome was pulled out of him. He was so hard it
“So, you want me to record familiar stories?” Dean clarified. He recalled the doctor in the ER saying something similar.
Castiel remembered that Dean also had quite a visceral reaction to his life story. Dean was someone who felt things acutely, even though he would deny this. He felt things deeply, but not just his own emotions. He seemed to feel and reflect what other people were experiencing. Castiel, therefore, wasn’t too concerned, but he made sure that Dean was always in arm's reach, that he always had his hand in his, or a hand on his elbow or back. It was a reminder to Dean that Castiel was there.
As he entered the kitchenette area, he tried to school his face into something calm and distant. Dean was still pulled tighter than a bowstring, and he wasn’t moving. He kept sending furtive glances Cas’ way, but he was frozen, one hand holding the pan and the other holding a sudsy sponge. Cas stopped short just as he reached the fridge. The air tightened, and a very strange and intense charge was suddenly running between them. Cas swallowed heavily, and when it became evident that Dean wasn’t going to move, Cas broke the tension. He hurriedly opened the fridge door and grabbed the milk and creamer he ordered. He’d make a quick bowl of cereal and grab a quick coffee and then go hide – no, sit – in his room. He could watch Netflix on his laptop or something.
“I’m still not great with words, but every day, for the last year, I wrote down something I loved about you, or something we did that I loved.”
that he was almost goddamn shaking. He felt like every muscle was vibrating under his skin. He felt like a drawn bowstring, a shaken up fizzy drink with a stubborn lid that refused to budge.
They sat in deafening silence for a while, still too far away from each other in Dean’s opinion, both digging into the array of very unhealthy snack options that acted as a barrier between the two. Dean noticed that Castiel was avoiding touching him, even flinching away from the slightest of brushes of hands when they reached for the food. This sobered him even more. It never used to be like this (don’t think about it).
The sun had fully risen now and Castiel could hear some commotion from the reception area as the driver got back into the van. This Dean character must be fully signed in.  As the van drove away, Castiel could see a familiar dark-haired woman waving at the receding vehicle before walking back to the main admin building.
There was a silence for about a minute. Eileen raised an eyebrow, and Sam’s eyebrows furrowed as he studied Dean.
to be here. He felt like an imposter, taking up the space of someone who needed this place. Dean tried to clear the thought from his head, not wanting a repeat of the spiral that had led to his breakdown earlier in the week, not when he was actively excited for the time he would get with Cas.
“Your throat will be irritated for a while; the ER doctors intubated you when you first arrived. There was some damage from the smoke inhalation. But, you’re okay now.”
His hands shook a little as he yanked Dean’s zipper down. He kissed up Dean’s neck, frantic, urgent presses of lips to skin. He bit his earlobe, tugging it between his teeth. Dean whined again, and Cas’ cock, still trapped within the confines of his boxer briefs, dripped precome onto the fabric.
“It’s okay,” Dean tried to say, but the words sounded strange coming from his sandpaper covered tongue.
“Dude, all through dinner and the movie you just had this hella vacant look. You didn’t even once try to point out the mathematical and scientific improbabilities of the
She told the story of how, one night she was working late when a fourteen-year-old teenage runaway stumbled into her precinct, all untamed hair and wild eyes. She spoke of how the runaway, Alex, didn’t trust anyone, but began to begrudgingly trust her, and how she eventually came to adopt her.
I just want to make it clear that my understanding of the US military is very limited to what is portrayed on screen, what is readily available on the internet and two conversations I had with an American friend. I do apologize if I got any of the nuances wrong!
There was a long silence. Long enough that Dean thought they’d lost connection. He pulled his phone from his ear and checked to ensure that the call hadn’t been disconnected.
When they broke apart for air, Dean had a wild look in his eyes as he watched Castiel. His kiss-swollen lips were slightly parted as he gulped in oxygen. Castiel was sure his appearance was a mirror to Dean’s.
Cas’ hands continued their downward trail, noting each scar and mark and freckle that was familiar and taking particular notice of those that weren’t. He wrapped his hand around Dean again, his other going to dig into Dean’s hip as he gave a tight stroke.
And it was great to be outside again, great to have more freedom and choices again, great to be around Meg and Gabriel again.
Gabriel was already standing up before Castiel finished talking. “As long as we can have Oreos too.”
Now that the mood had shifted, Cas got up and grabbed his pajamas. He headed for the bathroom. Dean loved that the dude actually wore pajamas, like a full plaid set, button up shirt and all. While Cas was changing, Dean took the opportunity to switch his jeans for his sweats and drop his shirt in the general vicinity of his dirty clothes pile. By the time Cas entered back into the room, Dean was sprawled out on his bed again.
Cas dropped his head into his hands, trying to keep himself together while his heart twisted excruciatingly.
Cas’ mouth dropped open, and Dean grimaced slightly. “You don’t have to look at me like that,” Dean grumbled.
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean sighed. “I don’t care about the math. I care about the fact that I now have to share a tiny ass apartment with the guy.”
morning club. He did not have to look long, however, before Dean caught sight of him sitting on a bench in the garden. His eyes were closed, and the just-barely-there morning light clung to his silhouette in a way that left him glowing, leaving him looking ethereal. Dean’s chest ached as he watched him. Cas had a rare, peaceful expression that Dean absolutely adored on his exquisite features.
“Cas?” He said louder and he heard footsteps rushing towards him from outside. The door creaked open, and then Cas was there, standing in his boxers and one of Dean’s old t-shirts, holding out a cup of steaming coffee.
Dean tried to avoid thinking about his brother as he was wheeled out of the room with his rumpled duffle on his lap (he remained staring at the floor blushing furiously for the duration of the journey). He hadn’t been apart from Sam for longer than a weekend since the kid was born, and the idea of being apart from him twisted his insides in a way that was nothing short of excruciating. He had made Amara promise that John would not be allowed to see Sam before Dean was released. She had agreed, which was a relief, as there was no way he would have gone if she hadn’t.
Castiel’s heart was cracking, tearing unevenly as he watched this person who he cared for so deeply, bleed so openly. There was not much he could do except be there for him, hold him in this moment of fear and regret, hold him the way no one had bothered to before.
… his memories returned, sat like a heavy rock right in the center of his chest. This rock grew heavier when Amara informed Dean that she still wasn’t allowing him any visitors. She had explained to him that because there was no whisper of natural memory recall yet, she didn’t want to risk the progress Dean was making by introducing potential triggers. Dean had been pretty deflated after that conversation and withdrew into himself for a while. Castiel, however, knew how to coax him back to the land of the living.
It seemed entirely unfair to him that someone could actually look like this. And, Castiel self-consciously ran his hand through his hair that somehow never seemed to stay where he intended it to, even when he tried to look good, which, admittedly, he hadn’t in a while.
“Hello, Dean,” He greeted him, and Max spun around. There were tear tracks running down his face, the hazel irises surrounded by a glowing red.
An unreadable expression flicked across Castiel’s features before he hung his head, dark hair falling into his face. His silence prompted Dean to continue.
“I haven’t really been good to the kid you know? When we first met, recently… I don’t know. You can blame it on the rage, the situation, Chuck or John Winchester’s parenting style… but I haven’t really always done right by him. And I fucked up and I’m scared he won’t forgive me. And I want to do better you know? Be better.” Dean said. He turned his face away from the angel’s and stared at the ceiling.
“Because it’s important that you realize that none of that was fair. That, just because you carried it well, doesn’t mean you should have had to carry it at all.” She explained.
“What did Claire say his name was, again?” Hannah asked, turning her eyes away from the van and on to Castiel.
As always, a great big thank you to my beta reader, Hellbreaker42! You keep me motivated and save me from embarrassing myself on the daily.
“I came back,” he whispered. “I can’t explain yet, but I will when I can. I promise. I need you to trust that I’m doing the best I can. I need you to trust that I’m trying. That I will keep trying to get you back with me. Back
Thank you so much to all of you who read, left kudos and commented on my last chapter! You have no idea how much it means to me :)!
“It wasn’t easy being there with them, you know that. And I don’t know if it was because I was the eldest, but they just kept poking and prodding with their words and their declarations of disappointment, and I couldn’t -- I took the first out I got. I left you there. I left you with them. I was selfish. I should have stayed. I should have looked out for you.”
He focused all his energy on the contact, focused on the feel of each individual fingerprint as it rested against his cheekbone.
Dean spun on his heel and stalked out the door, trying to quiet the thundering of his heart. He stormed into his room and paced the length of the wooden floors as his breathing regulated. He’d only been doing this for a couple of minutes when a knock sounded from his door.
“No, well… In all honesty, I don’t want to be alive. Everything feels so heavy. Living, existing… it is an effort, an effort so profound that the mere thought of it leaves me exhausted, drained down to my very bones. Living
That was until he recognized the woman walking up to the stranger. He saw recognition dawning on her, as she glanced at him.
Dean had been acting weird the whole day, ever since Jody’s story. Castiel had watched him closely, watched as he stared off in the distance during pottery, watched as he sat quietly and ate his food mechanically with a vacant look in his eye. He watched as he scratched at his skin, pulled at his hair, pinched his hands.
“And I know that I’ve been away, but I needed to deal with myself and some shit so that I could be strong enough… But Sammy, I am better now. I’m solid. I can carry us both. And when you wake up, I promise, we’re going to work this out. We’re going to get help, and I will spend every minute you need helping you recover.”
And, even then, he still did not always get to say what he wanted to, and often needed to say. A part of him was always on guard, keeping his walls up. He had no idea how to talk about things of this nature when the stakes were not apocalyptically high. Which, he guessed, was as good a starting point as any.
The lights of the bunker garage seemed too bright when the two brothers parked the car, Sam behind the wheel and Dean wiping at his knuckle with his flannel. Sam had given Dean some time after his break down, watched him from the hood of the Impala as tears had streamed down his face, while he silently stared at the sky. But it was late and they were close to the bunker and Sam wanted to get Dean’s hand set before the shock wore off. So, he had silently pulled his brother to his feet, popped his shoulder back in place, and coaxed him into the back seat of the car. Dean had followed mutely, eyes never leaving the stars. The remainder of the drive was as deathly kind of silent. Sam swallowed. Today should have felt like a celebration, like a victory. But instead, the whole experience felt empty.
“No, seriously. Fuck this, Castiel. I’m not sharing a shoebox of an apartment with you for ten days. I’m just fucking not.”
He had no idea what they would even say. What was there to talk about? They got caught up in a moment. It didn’t change anything.
Dean took a very deep breath, “Yeah okay, Sammy.” Sam looked at him, pain still evident in his eyes.
Dean exhaled explosively, “Cas, that’s quite a big deal. You haven’t seen them since, uhm, before, right?”
“Don’t sound so surprised,” Eileen teased, walking up to Sam. Dean watched as his brother pulled her close to him, wrapping her in his arms.
He heard the squeaky hinges of Cas’ door as it was flung open, and the sound of things being shoved and thrown around continued in the living area.
Castiel walked over the small lounge area and sat on the sofa, holding out Gabriel’s mug as he dropped down next to him.
“You missed him?” He spat the words at Cas while maintaining the hate-soaked gaze he was throwing towards the blonde guy.
was a bucket of ice water. His reality dawned on him. It threatened to drown him. This was ridiculous. He wasn’t making money, he wasn’t paying bills, in fact, he was probably racking up mountains of debt with his stay at a place like this. Fuck, he hadn’t even thought about the hospital bills from after the accident, apparently, for both him and John.
He had felt fucked up about that for a long time. How something solid could just effervesce for no other reason than “people have different paths”.  No screaming, no fighting, no catastrophic implosion. Nothing he or she did wrong. She was just there, and then, she was just gone, and Dean, in the blink of an eye, was alone again. A man that had known the warmth of a ray of sunshine and had it slowly dissolve in the wake of the familiar greyness. Dean was man enough to admit that it had fucked him up.
Dean’s throat dried out as he scrolled through the photos again and again. He tried to memorize them, memorize the differences in Cas, but mostly, getting stuck on all the ways he was still so painfully familiar.
Castiel saw Meg, as usual, sitting on the purple couches in the reception. This time, however, Gabriel was next to her, with his leg bouncing, scrolling through his phone. Meg was sneakily trying to see whatever app he had open. Castiel grinned.
Dean heard the click as the door was opened, and he rolled onto his side to greet Cas. Dean had noticed that Cas slipped out early the past two mornings. He always returned to the room before breakfast, however, which allowed them the opportunity to walk to the cafeteria together.
Castiel looked at him, holding a very steady gaze before nodding once. Dean reluctantly dropped Castiel’s wrist.
And then he did what he told Cas he was going to. He showered and shaved, made his bed, set up his laptop, and then opened his battered copy of
“Something I didn’t like?” Dean barked out an angry laugh. “Fuck you, Cas. You knew exactly what you were saying.”
Castiel was about to appease her, tell her he was fine, when he focused in on her face. Castiel narrowed his eyes as he studied her. She was thinner than the girl he had met--her cheeks were hollow, her skin sallow, lines etched into her face where mere months ago there had been none. Everything about her seemed to scream exhaustion. Castiel had gotten used to seeing her this way, this worn-down imitation of the woman that had approached him in the library all those months ago. And Castiel knew he was the cause for it. As much as she denied it, he knew that this was the result of weeks of stressing about him, of trying to cope with the trauma of what happened to him and what he had put her through. He tried not to think of it, tried not to contrast the two Megs in his head, because he knew the guilt of seeing the evident changes would bring a monsoon of regret.
Sam turned to face him, his hands coated in soapy bubbles, “Of course man. But we both know who spear headed that mission.”
“Fucking hell,” Dean mumbled as Cas ran his thumb over the head, collecting the precome on his finger.
Instead of sleeping, he lay down and stared at the wall, trying to keep his breathing even so that Stevie would at least think he was. He tried to keep his thoughts away from Sam, from the shaved patch of hair, from the dazed way he had called for him, from the blood that soaked into the vinyl of the back seat in his car, from the moment he had lost it, from John.
It took a couple more drinks before he had the nerve to return to the room; the nerve to face Castiel again. The nerve to deal with the feeling that constricted his heart every time he made eye contact with those God-forsaken blue eyes.
And, before Dean even really wanted to leave her company, he was ushered into the see-through room. The bag Bobby sent was lying on one of the beds.
“How do you know the way? I don’t even know how to get there.” Castiel asked Meg as he tried to keep pace with her.
“No, not at all,” Dean admitted, going against every instinct as he admitted: “I’m really scared, Cas.”
“Eileen it is so good to see you. I’m sorry that I haven’t you know…” Dean gestured lamely. Eileen smiled, walked up to Dean and hugged him really tightly. Dean’s throat tightened at the gesture as he hugged her back and planted a friendly kiss to her head.
“Yeah, I’m fucking great. Just wasn’t hungry,” Dean smiled, the action feeling like it was tearing his face in half.
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked as he returned to his coffee, only taking the cup when he was sure the steam tendrils were gone.
He sat right down in the sand and watched the early morning sky as the sound of water crashed along the shore. The sand was wet against his denim. He felt his phone buzz in his pocket but he ignore it. He just wanted to ignore the world right now.
"Alright angel, let's get you to bed." Dean said as he slung Castiels dead arm over his shoulders and pulled him to his feet. Castiel was able to get his footing a little bit but stumbled a little still.
Dean went home the next morning unable to stop the smile on his face. His and Castiels date was amazing and their night together even more so. Dean had woken up to Castiel kissing his neck and slowly grinding on him. They had amazing half asleep morning sex frotting together before Dean made Castiel breakfast.
Dean rode Castiel, alternating between really slow and heated, moving sinuous and sensually and practically bouncing, hard, rough and fast on Cas's cock. Castiel rubbed his hips and his thighs and his stomach- he traced his stomach with an unreadable expression- with his soft, delicate hands. Castiel pulled on the back of his neck, forcing him into a kiss. It was more a clash of teeth and tongue but Cas still moaned into it. Dean placed his hands on Castiels chest for support, lightly tracing the dagger tattoo in the center of his chest. When Dean grew faster Castiel held onto him for dear life, while Dean took his time watching his lover. Watching the way his eyebrows scrunched together and the way his cheeks and chest flushed. The way his lips parted on a moan or the way his chest was actually bumping his heart was going so fast. It didn't take long before Dean felt that hot overwhelming heat burning low in his abdomen and he picked up the pace.
After Dean and Castiel got home from the beach, they ran back into the house laughing giddily in between kisses. Dean stripped of Castiels trench coat on the floor as Castiel worked on Deans belt laughing against his neck. They stumbled into the living room and Dean ended up on his ass on the floor laughing. Instead of Castiel helping him up off the floor he just needed went down as well, straddling Deans hips. They kissed sloppily with grins plastered on their faces before they had to part.
He needed to get over it. Get over Cas, but he couldn't. He could still feel that phantom hand on his arm, still smell that clean linen and lilac. Fresh grass and spring rain in the Impala, still feel that ache in his heart. Why did it all have to hurt so much?
"That's not it at all. It's about me and It's not fair to you for me to drag you through the water while I'm drowning. I lov-" he sighed looking down. "Goodbye, Cas."
"It has been, nine of the longest days of my life. So no, I'm not taking the time to fold my clothes when I could be inside you."
"Well, I wonder what Eileen and I could do while you two are gone." He winked and Dean grimaced internally.
"Dean Winchester! The hell do you think you're doin?! What are you some kind of fag?!" His father yelled slamming the Impala door shut. Dean backed far up into the wall and looked to see that Allen thankfully had ran.
"In. Cause there are certain things I would like to do to you while we wait that aren't quite acceptable in public."
"It's alright, Dean." Cas laughed. Dean picked the mushrooms off of his without even being asked and Castiel smiled so sweetly at him as they did.
"I think so. Dad is sort of a sensitive topic but uh... yeah. He used to have a major drinking problem. After Mom died he uh, kinda went nuts. Broke dishes and doors... bones. He refused to take meds so me and Sammy got the brunt of it. I think he's mostly sober now, but still not the kind of man I want to be around."
"Well it is what it is." He said trying to brush it off. Castiel didn't pry as he could tell it was a sensitive topic. The two ate their breakfast as Castiels hangover fully subsided.
Dean left a short time later giving Castiel a lingering kiss goodbye before he headed to school, no doubt late by this time in the morning. Castiel cleaned up breakfast as he got dressed and willed himself to think about Inias. His date was tomorrow night. It would be the first date he had gone on with him in years, but he needed to calm down. A part of him knew that he didn't want to date Inias. Those feeling were long since gone after he left over a decade ago. Inias was still as attractive as ever with his honey colored eyes and shaggy black hair, but now things were different. Castiel felt completely cheesy for thinking it but Inias was nothing compared to Dean. And despite all the voices in his head telling him that he didn't want to date, that he doesn't have time to date, that he needs a clear conscience. All that aside Castiel doesn't want to date Inias but he was done pretending now. He wanted more than sex and breakfast. He wanted an actual relationship.
"Cas... what did you mean... the one thing you want his something you can't have?" Dean was fairly sure he knew the answer. But he needed to hear Cas say it to him. Cas just sighed and refused to meet his gaze again. "Did you really think, that you couldn't have me?"
"I appreciate your concern, but I will be fine and I am going whether you like it or not." Cas said storming past him to Deans- their?- room. Dean looked down the hallway in awe of what just happened before he turned on a heel to look back at Sam. Sam was biting his lip to stop from laughing and that just pissed Dean off even more.
"Do you keep your one night stands underwear in your underwear drawer?" Gabriel raised his eyebrows.
"Well, we need to stop him." Dean said seriously. "Obviously you're back, so Jack is just walking into a death trap."
"Cas? I hope you can hear me, because I need to talk to you." He looked at the end of the chain in his hand and clenched his eyes in disappointment that it wasn't glowing. "You hear me? We're not done with that conversation. I didn't get to finish. There's a lot of things that I need to say, a lot of wrongs I need to right, but I need you to come home to me." His hands felt a little warm and there was the faintest glow from the chain and he smiled in victory.
"A little bit. My mom, she uh... she used to sing Hey Jude to me when I was little. So I'm kind of biased."
Dean rolled his eyes and plated up the waffles, glaring at his brother as he made way to leave the kitchen.
"Gabe was there when I was leaving to come over. He didn't spare a second to tell me about the kinky fun him and Sammy were having."
Castiel crawled into the bed slowly, and albeit a little awkwardly. But when Dean simply pulled the covers back for him, he seemed to relax a bit. The both laid on their sides looking into each other's eyes for a long time. Castiels hand came up to cup his face and there was a look of wonder across his features. Like Dean was something special.
"Okay. I l-"Dean had to stop himself from saying something that he really didn't need to say to Cas this soon. He covered his ass by saying "I like them a lot."
Castiel was having a surprisingly great time at the art show. He met lots of other artists who commended him on his paintings of the cherubs and many people offered their business cards to him. Castiel spent the new year in Arles and was sad he couldn't be with Dean when the new year came.
"Dean, wake up." He whispered. Dean smiled a bit but did nothing to let him know that he was awake. "Dean, I want you. Please wake up."
"Jesus, Dean. This is what you celebrate winning with? Practically drinking yourself to death? Crying and screaming in your sleep?" Sam said. He rubbed his temples as he leaned forward and grabbed the edge of his bed trying to stand himself upright. Dean didn't have a response so he simply didn't answer. Sam helped him get his footing as he sat on the foot of the bed. He closed his eyes again and only opened them when Sam held a glass of water to them.
"Yes. Meg this is my boyfriend." Cas smiled and Dean blushed hard at him. No matter how many times he's heard it now, he doesn't think he'll ever get used to it.
Dean and Cas pack quickly for their trip and then decided to go out for a quick dinner later in the evening. In the early morning, Dean wakes Cas up around four so they can head out. Castiel grumbles and is nearly impossible to get out of bed but eventually he manages with telling Cas he can sleep in his lap in the car. When the do leave right before five, Castiel pillows his head on Deans lap as he starts the long drive out. They make several stops for gas and food and it's a little after four in the evening by the time they get there.
"No!" Dean yelled a little too loud. "No it was... fine. Just, things have been a little awkward since is all." Sam looked at him as if expecting him to go on. "Fucks sake I don't even know why I'm telling you this."
Samantha nodded and Dean hoisted her up onto his shoulders. She squealed in laughter and started wriggling.
Balthazar was a bit odd. He always wore a V neck and leather jacket and kept his hair spiked in a very Gordon Ramsay type of way. He was definitely sassy and probably acquired his attitude from being as wealthy as he was. Castiel wasn't joking when he said how much Balthazar was paying him for the angel painting of Dean. He did in fact pay him with a check. Castiel even asked Dean- well more or less forced him- into holding it for him. On the check it had Balthazar's name and his business info. But it still read to Castiel James Novak and the big number.
Cas looked at Deans neck and laughed lightly, his face lighting up as he did so. "I'm sorry I got you into trouble." He sputtered.
Dean put on a cheesy apron that Cas had bought him at the end of January that said Embrassez le cuisinier or Kiss the cook.
"It's the story of how I fell in love with Daddy. As you well know, angels weren't supposed to have this life. But this book," he held her hand over it. "Will tell you everything about us. I wrote it for you because I wanted you to know how you came to be a part of our lives."
"The uh... the one I wore the night he... y'know." Sam nodded, eyes full of understanding. And then he smiled.
"Stop talking." Cas said and all at once he was lowering himself onto Deans cock. It had been some time since they had done this and Cas was so unbelievably tight around him. He gasped in pleasure at the first tiny roll of Castiels hips and his hands flew to Cas's thighs. They were still fully dressed and Dean smirked as he slid his hand under Cas's skirt and grinding his hips upwards to meet the downward thrust of Castiels own. They kept the pace slow and heated, the only sounds in the room being the harsh pants and gasps from Dean and quivering moans from Cas.
He blearily blinked his eyes open, smiling softly at Castiel as he took both of his hands and helped him up. It took Dean a moment to register that Cas wasn't wearing his sling.
"Okay, it's very much like you to drink everything away. But it's not like you to do that after a hunt. And, fucks sake Dean, we just saved the whole damn world! Again." Dean simply rolled his eyes. "Look, I know this has to do with Cas. So just talk to me. What happened?"
"So we need a longer list of even rarer ones. Most of these are in Greek and I've been able to get a lot of them easily, but the one I found in here," Sam said tapping on the book. "Said we needed αύρα."
"Yeah. Sam's been taking it pretty rough. It's a shame, what it is liver cancer? Anyways he's going to fly out there sometime soon."
"Gladly." He snapped his fingers and the Empty's form started to wear away. Melting back into the darkness as she screamed. Soon it was just the five of them. Jack ran towards Cas and huddled close towards him, not quite hugging or touching, but Dean knew for comfort. Cas was more of a father to Jack than Lucifer. He was just glad everything was okay.
Dean nodded before standing and shuffling to the bedroom. When Castiel opened the doors he sighed to himself to find Dean flat on his stomach, arms under his head and bare as the day he was born.
It was a warm evening for September in Compiègne. Castiel was in his flat on the balcony admiring the city skyline trying to get back to painting. Castiel had graduated from École Boulle in May and decided to stay in France to continue to pursue his future in art. Castiel Novak was born in Kansas and spent most of his life there as well. When he was sixteen he was emancipated from his parents Chuck and Naomi and moved to France to live with his brother Gabriel. He had lived with his brother until he had enough money to buy his own flat. Gabriel was kind of an asshole but he was the only family Castiel really had. His brother helped him get into the art college and he graduated top of his class, however with the mess of paints on his canvas now, you wouldn't believe that at all.
Castiel managed to sell three other paintings. One of a chapel, one of the Eiffel Tower and one of a rainy phone booth with a couple kissing. This couple in the photo- to Dean anyways- is clearly a gay male couple. The buyer didn't think so but no one cared to tell her and Balthazar laughed with both of them about it as well.
"I was thinking of asking Gabe if we could stay at his place in Marseille. You said you've never been to the beach before." Cas said spitting out his toothpaste.
The next morning was a little bit awkward. They packed up and headed out only saying a few words to each other. They were fine once they were on the road again, but it was different. Dean had given himself to Cas. In every possible way, and that scared him. It had never been that way with a lover. He had never been able to think such poetic things, never lost himself in those physical sensations. What he and Cas did was beyond sex, and he didn't know how he felt about that.
"They say pain and sadness make you feel creative, but I just feel... numb. I thought I could save Cas, fix things... she told me it would be better here,"
"I think you forget, you're in a trap, we have blades, and we're Sam and Dean fucking Winchester." Dean tested.
"Dean, I'm pregnant..." Deans eyes popped open in shock and he almost had to do a double take. "I love Sam and I want to raise this baby with him... but hunting is no life for a child. I'm scared because I don't know if he will give that up."
After dinner, Jack and Kelly left the bunker but didn't say as to where they were going. Dean only hoped he would see Jack again soon and told him to visit anytime during a hug before he left. Eileen and Sam shared the news and Dean pretended he didn't know so as to not offend Sam that Eileen announced her pregnancy to him first. Cas was super happy for them and gave around lots of hugs, smile never leaving his face. He and Cas went to bed and held each other close talking lightly before both dozing off into a heavy sleep, Miracle snoring at their feet.
Dean nodded, trying to hold on to the feeling of hope even if it had dulled a little. He left his brother’s room sending a prayer to an angel he hoped could hear him.
And it haunted him. Haunted his past and his future. It made him seemingly incapable of opening his heart to anyone else. It turned his nights to painful yearnings for a life that was not his to take. And he avoided it as much as possible. But it seemed that avoiding the imaginary future that broke his heart was just not an option when the object of his desires was merely one wall away.
“What am I supposed to do?” Dean asked louder, shrugging Sam off and standing up staring at the open sky above him.
Cas put the phone on the nightstand and slowly walked to switch off the main lights. He changed into his pajamas in the dim glow of the lamp next to his phone. And if those pajamas included one of Dean’s t-shirts that Cas had claimed many years ago in a context considerably happier than the one he found himself in now, then so be it. He fisted the soft, worn material. Cas knew that he was being ridiculous. He knew he was pathetic to feel this yearning for a man he no longer really knew. He knew there was no valid reason for his heart to be breaking and cracking, seemingly attempting to cleave itself down the middle.
“But it was stupid. Because that accident is the reason I wasn’t there for Sam. If something had happened to him, if he got worse…”
times. They didn’t show.” Castiel brought his legs up underneath him and buried his hands in his lap in order to hide the fact that they were shaking.
The thoughts tried to break through to grab his attention, but Dean’s face seemed to shield him from the old words that still cut at him. Castiel tried to ignore the buzzing growing in his ears when Dean’s smile brightened at his admission.
“So, in your story on Monday, you said that as a kid you always wanted to learn how to cook or whatever. With honey, in particular. And yeah, so I learned to cook and bake quite young and pie is, like, my favorite dessert ever, so I thought, like, we could combine the two? I know a recipe for a honey, ginger pie type thing. I thought we could make it.” Dean felt like he was swallowing sandpaper, “But like, if you aren’t interested or whatever then really, I can do it on my own, and you can still have some, obviously, and…”
Castiel remained where he was, debating whether or not to take his book with him to breakfast when Dean suddenly reappeared in the doorway.
“I’m going to check the nurses’ station again,” Linda said calmly, as she gently pushed Castiel back into his room. “And if they’re not there, I’ll call Stevie.”
Castiel, of course, had always known this intellectually, but right now, all of this, the toll it put on her, the sacrifices she made, her love and support, all of it just surrounded him and plunged him into an ocean of regret and love and appreciation.
“Yeah okay, that makes sense Jack,” Sam interrupted, while he walked over to the boy god, “it’s smart to be cautious.” Sam placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder and smiled at him.
He uncapped the pen, bent his knees as he placed his feet flat on the bed, laid the book on his thighs and started writing.
After they had reached the hospital, the three agreed that Dean would go see Sam first, and Cas and Bobby would wait for him in reception. After Dean was finished seeing Sam, and he was assured by both men that he could take all the time he wanted, they would drop Dean’s bags off at Bobby’s house, he would shower and then pack a new bag with fresh clothes and books.
“That’s all good and well,” Dean stated, “but last time I checked Cas didn’t just leave an ‘in case of emergency’ grace stash."
“Cas. That’s it. I’ve needed you for so long, longer than I even admitted to myself. And at first I thought it was in the same way I needed Sam, because that’s the only way I’ve ever needed anyone. But I started realizing that it was more than that. I started realizing this slowly, and mostly when I’d been drinking. And just when I was starting to understand what I felt for you… Lucifer killed you. And you were just
But, for some reason, that was not the photo he was staring at. No, instead, because apparently Dean is a fucking
, and when he settled his hands on either side of Dean’s neck, felt Dean’s skin slide against his fingers, he felt dizzy. Dean was breathing heavily, his eyes never leaving Castiel’s, and Castiel felt a fire light inside his chest at the thought that Dean was reacting this way to
TW: neglectful /emotionally abusive parents, mentions of two separate suicide attempts, mentions of attempted SA, mentions of conversion therapy, religious trauma, internalized homophobia
“So, as I was saying, you make me feel everything as if it’s for the first time. Curiosity, exasperation… and happiness.”
“Anytime,” Dean responded, tightening his hold on Cas. They stood like that for a little while before Cas pulled away.
did. But it was like that thing where someone tells you to think about anything but a pink elephant, and then, suddenly, all you can think about is a fucking pink elephant.
Dean drank deeply from his coffee as he eyed Cas, who had moved to start making Dean’s bed. Cas, who was usually the picture of calm and serenity seemed to be very fidgety this morning.
Yes! Of course,” Jack said, smiling widely. But instead of walking out of the room and down the hall, the dream root just appeared in Jack’s hand.
And so, within a month of Cas bringing it up for the first time, the Winchester brothers moved in. Dean moved into Cas’ room with him, and Sam took the spare room.
The room was deathly silent, and Dean cleared his throat, “I let you down Jack. I failed you as a parent and as a person who was supposed to care for you unconditionally. And I want to make up for it. I want to earn your trust back. All of us love you, all of us want you here with us.”
a look laced with kindness, curiosity and intrigue. Castiel realized that he really hoped he could get Dean to look at him like that again. And again. And again.
Dean was there, sitting unnaturally rigidly on his bed, feet planted firmly on the floor, his knuckles white as he gripped Castiel’s letter in both hands.
“I’m not,” Sam said as he smiled into her hair, “you’re one of the smartest people I know.” Eileen titled her head to look at Sam and she kissed him quickly and softly. Dean cleared his throat and Sam rolled his eyes. He stopped kissing her, but he kept his arm around her shoulders.
He walked totally cool, calm and collected until he abruptly stopped right before he was about to pass Cas’ door. It was slightly ajar, and Dean had to fight the urge to race back into his room and dive under the blankets. But a quick glance inside showed Cas’ back to him as he sat behind a small desk while fiddling with what must be his laptop. Dean exhaled shakily and moved as quietly as possible past the door and to the kitchenette.
“You tried to get into the Empty on your own?” Sam asked, research mode quickly oscillating to dad mode.
Dean twisted himself a little so that his face could fit more securely in the juncture between Castiel’s neck and shoulder. Castiel ran his hand up and down Dean’s back.
his hand was underneath. He just traced the shape of his hand over and over while tears spilled from his eyes.
There was a stretch of comfortable silence--Castiel fidgeting with his hands and Dean happily watching Castiel fidget with his hands.
He actively avoided thinking about anything Cas related as he rinsed the shower wall, dried himself and changed into jeans, a black t-shirt and a red flannel. He didn’t bother putting boots or socks on; he wasn’t stepping a foot outside of this tiny apartment today.
Much to Dean’s amazement, everyone nodded immediately. Gossip may spread quickly among these people, but they also understood waking nightmares demanding attention. They were curious but they cared, and they would never push unnecessarily. There was something very comforting in being surrounded by people who understood without Dean, or Cas on behalf of Dean, needing to say it.
After Cas hurriedly dressed in jeans and a light blue button up, his only clean clothes, he collapsed back onto the bed.
Dean’s throat pulled tight and he blinked fast, hoping to stop the tears from escaping where they were burning his eyes.
“Well Dean insisted. The second he found out Jack had your body. And he never really left you alone once you were there,” Sam shrugged and headed for the kitchen door.
“No, Jesus, Cas, it’s not that I don’t… I..I trust you okay? It has nothing…” Dean scrambled for words. Castiel turned his face away and seemed to be making himself as small as possible in the corner of the bed, bringing his legs to his chest and wrapping his arms around them as he glued his back tight against the headboard. Dean swallowed as bile rose in the back of his throat when he realized he had been the one to make him feel like this, his confidence shattered and questioning his role in Dean’s life. He had been the one to leave him vulnerable (don’t think about it).
“Look at me.” Cas ordered again. Dean did. He looked at him. Cas moved his fingers from Dean’s chin to the nape of his neck, running his fingers through the short hairs there.
“You,” he said directly to the angel, “don’t go anywhere. No driving anywhere. No stores, no walks, no flitting off to the other side of the globe if Jack fixed your wings.” He was so tightly strung. Cas said nothing, just looked at Dean.
. Everything hurts all the time. Breathing hurts. Waking up hurts. And if I think about my life waking up like this every morning, going to bed every night with this… this
“I’ve spent over two decades denying who I was and what I wanted. I don’t want to do that anymore. Not with you. Never with you. And, we are both in a good, well, good-ish place right now.”
Dean woke up agitated. He’d hoped that the anger Cas’ words had stoked in him would have dimmed by the time morning came, but when did his hopes ever pan out? And it’s not like anyone would accuse him of being emotionally well-adjusted. His anger and resentments always had a way of sticking to him, like grime under fingernails. On his best days, it would take a lot of scrubbing to get rid of it. And today was not one of his best days.
Cas stirred, his eyes fluttered and very slowly started opening. Dean had to choke back a sob while his chest cracked open. Cas shifted a bit, blinked as his took in his surroundings and then those eyes were on Dean, for real this time.
Cas immediately started signing to the girl who looked a little nervous being around so many strangers, but still held her space comfortably.
Eileen walked over to the two and tapped lightly on a very distinctive bruise blooming behind Dean’s ear.
“Not like demons, or whatever. I mean, yes, technically, demons, but I don’t think I’m about to be possessed by a demon or whatever. But people can get possessed by other things and can become overwhelmed by shit. It’s like a reminder to stay true to myself, to not let the bad shit that happens take control of me. I don’t know. I’m not very good with words and explanations.”
Yeah, no. These thoughts would not be conducive to a level-headed conversation. Cad did not think Dean would appreciate Cas confronting him while an erection was tenting his sweatpants.
him since. No engagement, no shouting...nothing. The few times he left his room yesterday, he’d glowered at Cas, his expression promising dangerous consequences if Cas dared to speak to him.
“And then, the fucking doctor just said that Sam had some type of head trauma and he kept using the word ‘if’ like he may not wake up.”
Dean choked, actually choked, on his own spit, and Castiel laughed, the tension eased slightly. Castiel placed his hands flat on Dean’s chest and started slowly running his hands downward.
Dean had tried to sleep. He really had. Unsurprisingly, however, it had evaded him, his dreams haunted by long tendrils of black. That is why, when Sam and Eileen walked into the kitchen, arms around each other at the exact specified time the next morning, they were greeted with a very big breakfast spread and Dean pouring coffee into three mugs.
If you want to come say hi or share your thoughts about the first chapter, you can find me on tumblr
They talked for a little while longer, but Dean eventually insisted that they hang up and Sam get back to his newlywed life. The second the dial tone echoed in his ear, Dean straightened the laptop screen.
Which is, frankly, two too many ex problems to be dealing with after spending more than seven hours in a flying death trap. The unfairness of the situation was exacerbated by the fact that in order to mentally survive said flying death trap, he had self-medicated with one too many whiskeys, and now, Dean was dealing with a hangover as well.
“Afraid so,” Castiel responded, “The name Dean Winchester has been the talk of the town. Or mental ward, if you will.”
The two had spent what felt like eons discovering each other. Hands, and lips tracing curiously over exposed skin. They spent ages worshiping each other with sensations and learning the map and the contour of the other’s body. And when Cas had moved inside Dean, Dean knew it was the closest he had ever come to an honest-to-god religious experience. Dean felt alive, he felt present, and it seemed that every press of the angel’s lips to his skin burned away a fragment of the years of pain that seemed to follow him like a shadow. He made noises he didn’t know he could make and drew sounds out of Cas that he thought would kill him. It was everything Dean could have hoped for, more than. And when they finished, it was with Cas staring deep into Dean’s eyes and his hand gripping tight onto Dean’s left shoulder, placed perfectly over the handprint that had connected them for this first time so long ago.
He managed to strain the pasta and add the very basic tomato and basil pasta sauce, the only sauce he knew how to make, with no further injuries. Well, he wasn’t injured, but the kitchen looked like a bomb had hit it.
“And then, you will take an official hospital transportation vehicle. I will accompany you, as it is not possible for anyone else to do so at the moment.”
Cassie, on the other hand, was a completely different story. He had heard of first love in theory before she had walked into his life, like a ray of sunshine in his world that had only ever been hideously overcast. She had warmed him, gave him something light and exciting which had, somehow, made the burden of his everyday life that much more bearable.
People aren’t flattered when you remain hopelessly in love with them years after the relationship disintegrated. They file restraining orders and try to force you into court ordered therapy. That’s what Gabriel told him, at least.
Cas’ PhD supervisor, a wild and eccentric man by the name of Dr. Devereaux had enlisted a bunch of his top Zoology grad students - which consisted of himself, Meg and Balthazar – to assist in a research expedition to South Africa. The research they would be conducting and assisting in would hopefully lay the groundwork for an African Lion conservation project Dr. Devereux and Dr. Fox, a local professor, wanted to present and hopefully attain grants for. The three grad students and the two professors spent the past two weeks collecting data and in their free time, going on game drives and attending social events with the local game rangers. It was any zoologist’s dream to see the South African
“That was just a very strong assumption to make, Dean. Maybe seeing you after five years affected him in the same way it’s affecting you? Maybe he’d been traveling for a long time? Maybe he thought you didn’t want to talk to him because I’m sure you verbally attacked –"
. The thought made his stomach roll. Castiel had deserved loving parents, or at least, someone else who would have protected him, and guided him… not to have another person who was supposed to shield him just leave him.
if Cas was a little fucked up about it too. To know that Dean had meant to Cas what Cas had meant to him. That he had mattered to him.
Dean’s presence was like drinking salt water; the more Castiel spent time with him, learned about him, and discovered hidden parts of him, the more he wanted
had kept him just this side of REM sleep. Every time he thought he was just about to slip below the warm tendrils of unconsciousness, a memory he believed to be deeply buried would flash in the forefront of his mind. The first memories that seeped through the walls he had built and into his sleep-deprived mind were tame, sweet-at-the-time recollections that scratched him raw: the way Cas looked in Dean’s shirt and boxers, the way he hummed when he had his first sip of coffee of the day, the way he’d looked at Dean like his world started and ended with him.
“I don’t.. I can’t… I can’t do nothing while he’s rotting in there,” Dean whispered. Fuck, he was so tired of talking about all of this emotional crap. Fuck, he was just so done with feeling them too. He wanted a plan. He wanted to punch something. Or shoot something. Or hopefully both… multiple times.
He had gone over every interaction, and it made sense now why Sam never wrote back, why he hadn’t helped with packing Dean’s bags. Why she didn’t want him having contact with anyone from the outside, even Bobby, who he hadn’t seen in the week that had evaporated from his brain. It was all so fucking
Dean grinned fondly, and he continued his shaving ritual. By the time he walked back into the room, Cas was busy shrugging on a dark suit jacket over his white button-up shirt. He adjusted the knot at the top of his royal blue tie.
Dean clamored to grab the bottle of water that was on Sam’s bedside table. Sam took the bottle gratefully, albeit with trembling hands, and swallowed quickly and deeply. Dean snatched the bottle back.
Who he was with Cas, the life he had just started glimpsing with him, it was what Dean had always wanted.  He felt like moving past it would be like removing the importance of that time. As if by trying to forget the small details he was bleaching not only his memories, but the significance of their lives together. And he just couldn’t do that.
Gabriel just looked at him and raised his eyebrows before taking a very large bite and chewing with his mouth open.
Cas, eyes still shimmering with the unshed tears from the earlier interaction, looked directly into Dean’s eyes.
The early morning sunlight started streaming through the window, dappling over Dean’s skin, highlighting his freckles in a way that was endlessly fascinating.
Claire had done an impression of him that was so accurate, Dean actually snorted next to him. His eyes were alive with humor even if they were still slightly tinged with apprehension: apprehension for Sam, apprehension for being away from Castiel. Castiel reached under the table and linked their hands. Dean turned his body lightly to smile at him directly. Castiel stared at him, trying to memorize everything on his exquisite face.
“Of course!” Jack smiled. He walked towards Dean, sat down next to him and touched a finger to his temple.
