The Alpha nodded his head again, as John released his arm and slowly slid off him, but still kept his gun pointed at him. The Alpha immediately ran to get his belongings and was out the door in 12 seconds flat. John quickly rushed to his Primary, kneeling in front of him and scanned his body for any injuries, other than bite marks around his collarbone, chest area, and thighs. There were bondage marks around his wrists which John knew were going to become bruises. His body temperature was high and sweating, but that was normal when an Omega was in heat. As he finished his scan concluding to no serious injuries, John looked at his Primary's face, shocked by how beautiful he was.
“Means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.” Sherlock spoke his words slowly this time tilting his head as if wanting to get a different angel of John’s side.
“If you haven’t been able to smell Omega pheromones since you presented then that means you have never experienced a rut,” Sherlock said leaning in closer to John personal space and inhaled his scent, “what a waste. You have such an intoxicating scent.”
"Very well, I'll see to it that it will be delivered as soon as possible." Mycroft replied and hung up.
John thought as he realized the position he was in. He was about to pull away from the closed door when he heard it again. The muffled voice of someone in pain, overrun by the loud sound of a moan and flesh clapping together. Not wasting another minute, John grabbed the doorknob seeing it twist with ease before jerking the door open.
“I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world, I invented the job.” He states with pride looking back at John.
“Oh?” John asked raising an eyebrow, “what is that?”
When the taxi door closed, John started to feel a light buzz going through his body. A buzz he never thought he would feel ever again since coming back to London. The buzz feeling of being in action on the battlefield. A feeling he has been deprived from far too long. The adrenaline rushing through his body making his heart race.
“Betas then. Unusual.” Sherlock deduced and John nodded his head, trying to drown down the feeling of awkwardness of openly talking about his sex life in a cab.
"Understood Sir. Sir, what shall I do if Mr. Trevor decides to come back in the future?" John asked.
During the hour and a half of his Primary's unconsciousness, John had brought his stuff to his bedroom upstairs (instructed by Mrs. Hudson), received files sent from Mycroft, checked every room, closet, air vent, and window for safety (except his Primary's bedroom) and the kitchen. He inspected every part of the kitchen trying to find something edible to eat that wasn't moldy, rotten or a human/animal body organ and flushed away the cocaine he had found in every nook and cranny of the flat. He had asked Mrs. Hudson if she knew of any good grocery stores near the area, only for her to come and give him a casserole dish of shepherd's pie. He greatly thanked her and noted to himself to buy her something nice in return.
“But?” Sherlocked questioned, his blue eyes moving back up to his face from his groin area. From the smirk on his Primary’s lip, John doesn’t have to be a genius to know what he is thinking of.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked not missing a beat. His crystal blue eyes freely roamed John’s body, letting them linger over his groin.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What did Mycroft say?" she asked, holding a glass of water.
"Hot," he whispered rolling around on the couch and flinging himself on John, "need knot, Alpha's knot." John felt his Primary rub his nose against his scent gland, his hands working their way to remove his clothes.
I'm not overly happy with how this chapter came out to be, but with my Beta telling me that they enjoyed it and that it is fine, I'm trusting their instincts to help guide me through this story. I may rewrite this chapter first before I decide to update a new chapter, but I wanted to put something out here to get some critic reviews to help me.
John continued to rub Sherlock's abdominals until he felt his body temperature drop a little, indicating his peak cycle was ending. John covered Sherlock with the blanket provided by Mrs. Hudson earlier when she brought over the pie. John rested his hand over Sherlock's forehead and felt his fever gone. He gently lifted Sherlock's sleeping body off him and substituted it with a pillow. He grabbed his plate and Sherlock's glass and went to the kitchen. Once he put the plate in the sink and refilled the glass with water, John went back and sat down on the chair opposite of the couch and stared at his Primary.
"Get the fuck out!" the Alpha snarled out, baring his fangs in warning. The Alpha emanated out his pheromones trying to dominate John with his thick, heavy scent. Had John just been another ordinary Alpha, he would follow suit, but since his time in the military, the Alpha's pheromones he detected was nothing scary of a threat, which made him not release his own pheromones. Though he still did not stop his body from staying in combat position when he heard another faint whimper coming from the man underneath.
John watched the smile on Sherlock’s lips widen as he leaned back into his seat, though he didn’t move back to his original place. Instead Sherlock pressed his body pressed against his. John felt Sherlock’s eyes on him again, studying him. He waited a few moments hoping the staring would stop and signed knowing what is going to happen next. This was bound to always happen when people discovered his
"Sherlock? I know your about to hit another peak into your heat, but before you do, can you drink this water for me? It will help alleviate some of the cramps you're going to feel." John said gently pressing the cup to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock made noises and shook his head, wrapping his arms around John and burying his nose back into his neck.
"Try to resist and I'll pull the trigger," John warned clicking the safety off as he felt the Alpha tense under him, "I will only say this once, if you do not leave now I'll be happy to give Mycroft a ring about you trying to force bond with Sherlock. Because not only will you have to deal with me, but also a very dangerous Alpha in the British Government who will most likely torture you for the rest of your miserable life. Nod if you understand me."
A perfect man for the mission, so to speak.
“I was right? Right about what?” John asked completely baffled.
“My father raised me to see the actual person first than their second genders. Unlike every other Alphas in this world who thinks with their dick, I don’t. I don’t see Omegas as sex slaves to dominate and control, but as real people. If that is what you are implying, then yes, he did raise me to see things in a ‘Beta’s perspective’ and I’m damn proud of it.” John defended watching Sherlock’s lips curls up into the brightest smile he has ever seen from his Primary.
"Sherlock," John softly said taking his hands and removing them from his body, along with a light push so they could look at each other in the eyes, "My name is John Watson. I'm your bodyguard hired by Mycroft. I am not your Alpha, but I will help you through your heat. Do you understand?"
Just as he stepped through the threshold of the entrance, his eyes were met with two naked men on the floor and the heavy scent of sex lingering in the air. John felt his body tense as he made eye contact with the Alpha hovering over whom he presumed was his Primary. He immediately got into combat position should the Alpha go feral at being interrupted while mating.
“Jesus Christ,” John whispered looking at Sherlock with bewilderment, “you are bloody amazing. Brilliant. Genius. How you can figure all of that out by just simply looking is beyond me. If you said you were a divine being right now, I would have no problems believing it. Hell, I would bow down if you commanded it.”
John fixed their body positions, so he was sitting on the couch as well, with Sherlock resting atop of his legs. It had been years since John last helped an Omega in heat, that he forgot how comforting Omega's got at just the presence of the small amount of pheromones he released. John grabbed his plate of food and continued to eat as his Primary made little comforting sounds and continued to sleep through his peak. He took a deep breathe in, filling his lungs with the warm air his Primary released out and crookedly smirked. He still couldn't smell a damn thing other than the previous Alpha's scent.
It was not John's first time seeing a male Omega, but it was his first time seeing an Omega this beautiful with curly black hair, full eyebrows, high cheekbones, and very plump, yet bruised lips. John snapped out of his thoughts, knowing they were inappropriate since he was his Primary. Shaking himself out of those
“What does that mean?” John asked.
“You are going to be so much fun.” Sherlock whispered leaning his head on John’s shoulder, nuzzling his nose against his scent gland. He took a deep breath in, nuzzling his nose more and more.
The Alpha underneath him immediately nodded his head. "Once I release you from my hold, you will have exactly 30 seconds to get out of this apartment. If you don't do as I say, I'll shoot. Nod again if you understand me."
John sighed and gently pushed Sherlock off again who made another distressed noise, "You can hug me after you drink this water okay? You don't have to drink this whole thing, just small sips." When John pressed the cup against Sherlock's lips, he finally took small sips and then gulped the rest. John took that as a sign that his Primary has been dehydrated since the start of his heat. He set the glass down as Sherlock covered his body with him trying to find comfort in the Alpha. John made sure to release the smallest bit of his Alpha pheromones as possible, so Sherlock didn't pounce on him demanding a knot he couldn't give.
As John reached the top of the stairs to the entrance of apartment 221B, he set aside his two suitcases along with the duffle bag and was about to knock on the door when he heard the sound of a faint cry. Eyebrows furrowing, John pressed his ear against the door to prove if he had imagined it.
“Since you’re my bodyguard, there is one thing that you should know about me.” Sherlock said finally pulling away.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.” Sherlock finished with a smug look.
“I have a habit of getting myself into dangerous situations.”
Cannot believe how many kudos I have gotten for this story! Wow thank you to everyone who supports this story!!!
"That there is nothing to worry about other than taking care of Sherlock." John said in a friendly tone, not wanting to worry the poor woman more.
Sherlock merely just whined more as his body temperature started to rise again. John grabbed the glass of water sitting beside Sherlock and pressed his hand against Sherlock's cheek trying to capture his attention.
“Your older half-brother. Your previous phone that you left on the counter near the door way is expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player. And you’re looking for a job, something in the military, you wouldn’t waste money on that. It’s a gift, then. Scratches. Not one, many over time, it’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.” Sherlock deducted waiting for John to state the oblivious.
Sorry it took me so long to post the second chapter. I've been having a hard time trying to figure out where I want this story to go. I will try to update the next chapter as soon as I can.
"Mrs. Hudson," he started getting her attention, "Will it be okay if you watch over Sherlock for a few minutes? I'm going to give Mycroft a ring."
Again I am so sorry for being neglectful towards this story and I am back. I have already started to plan the next chapter and hopefully it will be much better, but wanted to post something for this story even if it is not good. I probably will edit and add more to this chapter when I get some inspiration back.
"I suggest you leave, now. I've been sent here personally by Mycroft Holmes to protect Sherlock." John calmly said, seeing the Alpha's body begin to tense as he lowered himself onto his Primary. A pose Alpha's do when they were staking their claim.
I cannot believe how long it has been since I last updated a chapter for this story. I am so sorry about that. I have received some negative feedbacks from some of my viewers about how they did not like my portray of John and I can understand that. But the whole reason why John may seem so weak and not very "Alpha" like has to do with his inability to smell Omega pheromones. Because of those critiques, put a damper of my emotions towards this story which made me very neglectful of it.
John stiffened at the contact but didn’t pull away. He didn’t want to seem rude and push his Primary away, but he also didn’t want his Primary to see how affected his body started to get by the simplest touch.
"What happened Dr. Watson?" Mycroft answered in a serious voice.
dangerous thoughts, John checked his vital signs. Eyes closed and shallow breathing indicating unconsciousness. John opened his Primary's eyes and saw them dilate significantly, meaning he was unconscious due to taking narcotic drugs. John couldn't tell if his Primary had taken them willingly or was forced, as he lifted him up into his arms.
“Police don’t go to private detective.” John finished, wanting to keep his composure for not feeling affected by his Primary’s captivating looks.
determine
John continued to sit there, his Primary sleeping the whole time, not making a move or sound. It wasn't until he was in the middle of texting Mycroft about the type of cleaning supplies he would need to disinfect the entire kitchen, that Sherlock released a high-pitched pained sound. Understanding what that sound meant, he gently rested his hand on his Primary's abdominals, feeling them spasms. He rubbed his hand over them to soothe the intensity of the pain, as the sound of pain slowly died down.
trait
I've lost a lot of inspiration towards this story which makes me sad (and also for this not so good chapter), but I'm determined to finish it because I really love the ideas I had. Though this story may not be good, I want to continue writing it for everyone to enjoy.
John looked to his right and saw his Primary looking back at him with those intense, hauntingly beautiful light blue eyes, observing him like an extinct animal. He felt his throat get dry and cleared it, his body reacting tingly at the way his Primary is staring at him. Wanting to get rid of any awkwardness between them John gave his Primary a light smile and asked an ice breaker question, “Who are you, what do you do?”
“Have you ever been with an Omega?” he asked bluntly taking John by surprise.
“‘Harry Watson’. Alpha. Clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, he’s dead, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a job, barely living off army pension. Unlikely you’ve got extended family, certainly not one you’re close to. So, brother it is. Now, Clara, who’s Clara? Three kisses say it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. So bonded couple between Alpha and Omega. Must given it to him recently. This model’s only six months old. Marriage in trouble then, six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he could have kept it. People do. Sentiment. No, he wanted rid of it. he left her. He gave the phone to you. That says he wants to you stay in touch. You’re looking a job with money and that says you want to help your brother. Also says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife; maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
Anderson fell down holding his nose, that was now streaming with blood, he groaned before coughing and spitting something out into his hand. He looked down and everyone saw that it was a tooth. He looked up at the now smirking Sherlock, with wide eyes. Lestrade cleared his throat before turning to the onlooking officers, "Right then, nothing to see here, just a clumsy forensic officer, honestly Anderson, stop tripping over everything" he smirked. The officers all answered in agreement.
Rat face man is cut off by Sally Donovan's hand harshly connecting with his face. The air turns frigid and all noises cease, Donovan angrily stalks out of the room while Rat face man holds his cheek and looks shocked at what happened. Sherlock looks angry and on the verge of crying and John looks like he's about to commit a murder in 0.2 seconds.
"What do you want the freak for? Listen, you should stay away from him, he's a psychopath" she warned him. John's face turned to anger and he kept clenching and unclenching his fist. "Just tell me where he is, I know him and he is not a freak so tell. me. where. he. is!" he bit out. Donovan stared at him with annoyance and rolled her eyes, "You can check the morgue, he's probably checking a body that's part of a case at the moment". John looked at her and turned away sharply without a word. He went outside and hailed a cab after a few minutes.
him. I couldn’t wait for another period of blissful ignorance.”
John took out his gun once he reached the top of the ladder. He walked as silently as he could while trying to outpace the teenager. He wanted to survey the area Sherlock was walking into, in case there were any unpleasant surprises.
Jim gave a sharp whistle twice from his much more comfortable chair. Immediately, Seb stopped and stepped back from the heaving mass of meat. He turned and faced them, hands crossed and held in front of his body, waiting for further instruction. His head was bowed, simply because he had not been given permission to raise it.
“Good morning,” John murmured drowsily. His limbs felt heavy and sore again. He wondered if his time in the garden had exacerbated old aches.
John felt his own rueful smile force its way onto his face, and pretty soon he was laughing right along with this strange boy.
Suddenly, Seb's stillness became something he was making an effort to control. Sherlock made a small hum of acknowledgement, but didn't comment. This was Jim's way, not his. Eventually, John would learn to love him. He gave an appreciative nod to Jim, then left, plans already forming in his head. He heard Jim say "Finish up quickly here kitten, Sherlock's visit has rekindled some memories of mine."
Sherlock takes a step back, but is halted when John immediately latches on to wrist with one hand. Sherlock checks to see if John's vision has improved, but no. He's still unfocused, but his eyes are pinpointed to the approximation of his location. He doesn't want to be left alone. Wonderful.
John winced, “Okay, that’s fair. He also doesn’t really have a filter; I think we’ll agree to that. But it’s not like he’s being cruel for the fun of it, or thinking up ways to blow the place sky high.”
“If you’re quite done self-congratulating, we did have plans for tonight,” Sherlock testily said.
By the time everything is arranged, it's nearing two in the morning. He drags his hapless guard along and borrows one of the disguised cars, a cab that is a leftover from the Jefferson Hope case from a few months ago. Sherlock had been rather fond of that one, the man had killed over eight people before succumbing to his brain aneurism. He disguises the guard appropriately, and they're off to collect John.
Everything is silent, and John doesn't dare to speak. He almost thinks that Sherlock's left him alone, since John can only hear his own measured breaths. Then both of Sherlock's hands are back, and this time they're caressing his nipples. John flinches back from the unexpected pleasure.
He leaned in and kissed John. The man closed his eyes first to avoid showing Sherlock the depths of his terror. The kiss was less a show of passion and more of a claim of victory. The dragon had his prize.
The man steps into the room, shutting the door behind him. And John can't stop the feeling of being cornered. When the silence weighs him down, John asks, "They?"
“John!” Mary shouted, clearly startled. “What in the—were you just out in the rain?”
“Why would they need two medical professionals to watch over a group of children? Does this place routinely come down with epidemics?” Sherlock almost seemed excited by the idea.
John remembered then. He’d gone to bed with a fever. No wonder his body was sore, having fought off some sudden infection.
That's apparently all the mental push he needs to get his arse moving. Suddenly he's running, bare feet and all. He needs to be quick. Sherlock must have been alerted by now, and there's no doubt that this place has more cameras.
John’s head thunked against the front of Sherlock’s door. He’d have to leave soon. Mary would be home in a little while. It didn’t exactly look normal for a grown man to be seen outside of a teenager’s house practically begging to be let in.
John nodded, tired but grateful. “First sign, you’ve got it.” He trudged off to bed, kicking off his shoes along the way.
“Um, I don’t-. What? Did I
When the hospital was out of sight, John finally spoke up, “So. You didn’t fake being a junkie for a month just to take me out for an evening stroll.”
He thrashed in Sherlock’s grip, desperate for escape. His efforts only served to bring searing pain to his shoulders. Sherlock muttered something about doing all of the work, but he grasped John’s arms just as effectively with one hand as with two. The pale fingers tipped his head back, and John caught a glimpse of Lestrade turning a weeping Molly away from the wretched sight.
Sherlock’s kisses swiftly became frantic, and the nips turned to biting in a clumsy mixture of deliberate and accidental.
The boy stopped toweling off his face to look at John with a raised eyebrow, “Did you forget your own assumption that I gave them as much, if not worse, of a beating as they gave me? Besides, the anticipation of them getting into trouble will keep them occupied for at least several weeks, before their dull minds catch on that I haven’t told anyone anything.”
He would have known, he would have recognized it. He would have put a stop to it if he had any idea. Then John remembered how he had felt like an automaton for months. He had been living a half-life. Going to work, coming home to a wife he didn’t talk to, watching a movie that featured highly unrealistic exciting adventures, and then hopefully going to sleep before he could even try and ask for intimacy.
For how slowly John typed, he managed to send each message within a minute of each other. ‘Clearly, I would want to make every excuse to text you.’
John felt his air constrict, yet he was unable to pull away. Each slide of Sherlock’s length abused his raw throat until he spluttered.
In noticing these things, Sherlock immediately knew three things about John.
John didn’t respond. He remained unmoving against the wall as he watched Jim explain himself. He felt very much like he had just come across a venomous cobra, and wanted to avoid making any sudden movements lest it strike and fill his veins with paralyzing lies.
"What did I say? I said that no one was to approach us or I would publicly humiliate them and you in front of dozens of onlookers. And what do you do? You not only engage in conversation, but you let them sit near you. Touch you. You even managed to divulge something which is none of that plebeian's business!" Sherlock has come incredibly close during his tirade. For the second time that night, John is cornered between Sherlock and the wall. On either side of them are the wide windows that look out onto the London streets and the sound of people and passing cars seem a thousand miles away.
the Voice continues
John responds to his own mind,
“Fine then,” he gritted, “they haven’t thrived this long by making rudimentary mistakes. A set of bland copies and destroying the originals is a well-practiced precaution, I’m sure. But even you two can’t clean up what occurred in the greenhouse.”
John has one second of pure panic before a stun gun is pressed to his side. Agony flares along his nerves, and he passes out without another thought.
“Yep,” Sherlock popped the word. “And, as it turns out, Victor did not, in his words, ‘swing that way’.” John finally looked over. Sherlock’s fingers looked like they were being physically forced to make the air quote motions. “I knew that, of course. Or, I knew that he wasn’t interested in me. I had just,” he shrugged, “wanted normalcy. For a little bit.”
The fingers over his nipples are less exploratory. With one hand, he continues to caress, while with the other, he slightly pinches and releases. Until John doesn't know what sounds that he's making, just that it spurs Sherlock to continue to kiss him senseless.
Sherlock frown at that. And John dissolves into hopeless giggles at Sherlock’s frustration at his references to the impossible. He doesn’t normally get to slip in silly little things like that. His life is hardly one for humor.
Mycroft sighed, and rolled his eyes. Clearly, this conversation was not going to end in a favorable outcome for him. Sherlock saw what he had now. He had the means for a very useful ally, someone who would stand beside him and protect him from any threat. But only if Sherlock was very careful and didn't screw it up by having the doctor hate him. And Sherlock was always careful when it mattered. Sherlock saw his brother concede defeat, and tossed the fork into the air, catching it each time by the handle.
The underside of his nose was still raw from wiping away the blood, and looking down, John saw the bandages covering Sherlock’s knuckles. Over all he looked a mess, but certainly not as bad as he could have been if he hadn’t been tended to. This was great news, but it didn’t explain why Sherlock was at his front door, looking a little impatient now that the shock had worn away.
“Yes,” John said. He gently lifted his hands to cover Sherlock’s, which were currently cradling John’s face. He brought up one palm and kissed the center of it. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, and saw a mixture of shock and adoration.
was the answer to his problems, as much as being the creator of new horrors.
“Just, you know, remember,” John said, “I’m free to talk to. Whenever you want.”
Sherlock tried to glean more from the boy. He may have been young, but he was well past the age of his first heat. He should have already taken up a bond partner, if not a full mate.
"Sherlock! Please! I can't-I can't-Please!" the fingers brush deliberately against his prostate, and John cries out from the over stimulation. He's actually not sure what he wants. More pleasure? Less? Everything is too much.
Wildly, John thinks about voicing how much he does not want this to happen. He can already feel the shame coiling like ashen snakes through his veins. He thinks about how long someone can perceivably hold their bladder before something damaging happens. And then factors in the other issues of a full bladder and a forced erection.
John's noises have no choice but to be inarticulate, but Sherlock likes to think that he would have him babbling at this point anyway. John's fully hard now, and the ring slides on easily. It's a heady and addicting sensation, owning John's pleasure like this. Sherlock can't seem to get enough of it.
Both Molly and John were swept up in asking him follow up questions about that. By the time they were done, John had shared half of his plate with Sherlock, and it was well past the start of the next period.
As he waited for the kettle to boil, he tried the thought again. He was in love with Sherlock. It continued to hold strong.
Which is a line of conversation that John tends to steer away from, so he goes quiet and releases Sherlock’s hand.
He had seen that Jim’s cock-stand was shorter than Sherlock’s, but noticeably thicker. The man above him indulged in a sultry moan as he continued to press inside. The muscles of his thighs spasmed with the effort to move.
“You’re also quite keen to protect him under any circumstances. You may find this hard to believe, but most people are willing to throw themselves in front of a bullet for someone, before ever allowing their personal scandals into the daylight. Yet you were prepared to do both. As long as it meant Sherlock could lead a normal life. Well, normal by his standards.”
The dragon’s head snapped up. John dropped down in the next moment.
John frowned, “Then, what, you just expect that they won’t try again out of gratitude?”
Several years of physical therapy and unending support from his wife, and it took a strange genius teenager to unlock John from the prison of his own mind.
While John’s stretching had been languid, his taking was relentless. It wasn’t quick or brutal, but it was unrelenting. Every roll of Sherlock’s hips teased him with the promise of satisfaction. There were bright moments that sparked inside of him that faded as quick as lightning, and then reappeared again and again. John’s nails dug into Sherlock’s back. He could feel the skin denting under his hold, but Sherlock gave no protest. It only seemed to galvanize him, and he plunged deeper into John’s eager body.
John strode forward to realize it would be no easy descent downward. The surrounding environment spoke only of craggy precipices and frozen blocks of snow. There would be no easy way down. His skin already felt chapped and stung with the cold. John’s trembling fingers curled at his side. He’d known freedom wouldn’t be easy, being confronted with being right wouldn’t deter him now.
He left a playful kiss on John’s navel, and moved behind John to prop him upright. While Jim held John’s back to his front, Sherlock took his place between John’s thighs. He held a tin of vaseline and a phallic object. It looked firm, possibly carved from wood, but was set with leather and attached by seamless nails.
“Ouch! That hurt! Get off!” John protested. But before he had even realized Sherlock had moved, his wrists were back to being pinned under one ridiculously long and pale hand. This time, John didn’t take to it meekly.
“I need you to help me identify the substance and evaluate its properties. I could assure you without any doubt of the tincture’s odor and color on sight if given the chance. I only need to get back to the mansion, and for that I need a policeman to escort us there and arrest those heinous beasts. Do you know if-”
He nearly jolted out of his skin when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Out of reflex, his own hand shot up to grip it tightly, and he twisted it around to put the stranger in an arm lock. Then reality reasserted itself, and he was nearly dislocating the shoulder of a teenage addict.
“May I have this dance, John?” And despite that seemingly heartfelt confession from barely half an hour ago, John knows that he doesn’t have a true choice in the matter. Or, more accurately, he could refuse, and then fervently wish for an indeterminable amount of time that he hadn’t.
“God! Not, not yet,” John moaned, his voice hoarse, “I just—need a bit more time. Like tomorrow. Or the next moon.”
“No, of course it doesn’t do that,” John tersely said, “If caring could resurrect the dead, Harry would have walked through the door the moment I heard of her passing.”
This was likely just a brutal killing, but if it wasn't. Well. Sherlock lived for the unlikely.
A low-resolution photograph slid out. It was grainy, clearly taken at a great distance in relation to John’s house, with the zoom at its maximum. Sherlock’s back was to the camera, but it was clearly him, just based on his height and hair. John was the focus of the photo. Clad only in a sheet wrapped around his waist, giving an indiscernible look to the teenager at his door.
As soon as he made his way to the table however, Jim immediately took notice of something amiss and said, “Are you injured? You’re limping.”
Sherlock quickly tugged on the fabric until John’s arse was bared to the slightly chill air. The prince ran his long fingers up and down John’s dripping hole, hissing in sharp pleasure from the feeling of the warm slickness.
lucky that didn't get in my eye."
When he's finally crested down from the overwhelming wave of release, John's been untied. He's still on the couch, but he's facing it without the blindfold on. He knows he's really lost his senses, when he just realizes that there's a firm and warm body pressed behind him. Sherlock's got both long, pale arms wrapped firmly across his chest. He can feel the dark curls tickle the back of his neck, as well as the steady breathing ghosting along his ear. Sherlock's asleep. The realization sense a wave of shock through him, but, also to John's surprise, he does nothing.
The whispers became jeers at his gullibility. They flung slur after slur in such a gentle tone that it coiled like a silken noose around his neck. The viscous sensation of violation seemed to be clamoring for a way out of his skin, and John wondered if he’d erupt into a sticky and red mess out of sheer force of will.
John pivoted and started to stride away. Sherlock privately thought it was rather endearing, the way John expected to be obeyed in this matter. As though what he was saying was the only course of action they were going to take.
So then, Mycroft hadn't suddenly vanished from the face of the Earth. A pity. But this meant that either someone was
“Oh, let the poor man go Sherlock,” Jim said, coming around the corner. John would have been cross that he’d been eavesdropping on their conversation, but he was on John’s side. Besides, Jim had every right to wander down his own corridors to listen to increasingly louder arguments.
Lestrade and Molly met them at the door. Lestrade regarded the tense trio, and motioned them all inside to get on with the proceedings.
The man blinks, and John can't tell if it's from surprise. "Oh, right," the man says, "you haven't met Jim yet."
But where can he hide? He doesn't dare to go back downstairs and be discovered. He's in open space out on the tower, and trying to hide on the outside would leave him in plain sight of both creature and passerby.
“It’s a shame you can’t see yourself,” Sherlock says as he circles John, “you’re remarkable like this. It’s unfortunate that a camera wouldn’t capture everything organically, and even I would find a room filled with mirrors gaudy.”
"Sherlock-"
John nodded, “Yeah, yeah I thought so too.”
It had been a while since either of them had taken the initiative. He wasn’t going to pass up this chance.
The moment he’d done it, he was mortified. Sherlock laid beneath him looking as wounded as if John had slid a knife between his ribs whilst they were joined together.
A strange whistling sound left John’s throat, and he distantly realized that he was trying to scream, but lacked the energy for such a task.
Sherlock kissed his way behind John’s ear, down his neck, and across his slowly exposed clavicle as Sherlock pulled at the ties of the undershirt. With short tugs, the leather strings came undone and he pushed the coarse fabric aside.
There was a charged pause between them. John felt his nails dig into his palms. “What do you want, Mycroft?”
He leans down and kisses the space between John's ear and neck before growling, "Of course I do. I found you, didn't I?" Sherlock revels in the little shiver John tries to hide. He pulls away though, maneuvering John back towards the bed. John thinks he knows where this is headed and that they'll be late for their reservations after all, until Sherlock forces him to sit and the man kneels in front of him.
(next chapter its Mycroft's turn and Mrs. Hudson gets a turn chapter 6!
Lestrade saw what was happening and quickly caught Sherlock along with Donovan, they slowly lowered the shaking detective to the ground. "W-where is he?!" Sherlock questioned vehemently.
"John can you sit up?" he asked worriedly, John opened his eyes, his breathing calming, "yes, but I definitely want to go home now, and maybe get some painkillers" he spat out. "Of course love", then turning to Lestrade, "can you drive us home... please". he asked softly, Lestrade looked back at John who was now being stood up by his friend's and putting an ice pack over his shoulder that was just re-bandaged by the paramedic.
Lestrade was about to ask Sherlock how he got all that when Donovan walked over with an annoyed look on her face. "Hey Freak", she said, crossing her arms, "Yes Donovan what is it?" Sherlock looked at her exasperated. Sherlock turned so he could look at her, "It seems you have a fan or something, he said he needs to see you right now, I told him to leave but he was very stubborn so he's now waiting by the police tape". Lestrade looked at Sally and back to Sherlock who looked fairly confused as well, "Just send him away Donovan, I have no time for little fans" he said looking slightly disgusted. Donovan just rolled her eyes, "I would but he won't go if I tell him the stubborn man, although I don't why a soldier would be a fan of yours... maybe he's come to take you for scientific testing" She smirked.
, he chuckled,he stepped into the cab and greeted Anthea and Mycroft. Mycroft told him that Sherlock was home now and thought John would appreciate the ride. John and Mycroft spoke for a while before arriving at 221B. John said goodbye and stepped up to the door and knocked. Mrs. Hudson opened the door and squealed, "John! What are you doing out in the cold love? Come on, I'll make you a cuppa and you can tell me what in heaven's name you're doing here young man" she exclaimed while pushing him into her flat and putting the kettle on.
The necklace had a marriage ring on the chain, and they all looked to Johns partially hidden left hand and saw an identical ring. Suddenly it all clicked and they realized that they were married.
John made his way up the stairs slowly before arriving at the door that was slightly ajar. He pushed it open wider and took in the scene, Donovan and a few other officers were looking around the flat while a silver haired officer tried to talk with Sherlock who was longing bored on the couch. John's eye's softened as he gazed at his Husband, feeling the wedding ring that was on his dog tags. Sherlock was skinnier than before, and paler too, John made a mental note to make sure he was sleeping and eating.
Finally finished the next chapter! School's been super crazy and I haven't been able to write as much. Also my helicopter mother has been on me for cleaning and not being lazy, ugh. Anyways, hope you guys like it! please comment and let me know what you think!!!
John and Sherlock look at each other and turn back to the DI smirking, Sherlock clears his throat, "Detective Inspector Lestrade, Donovan, officers who are breaking my stuff, and the rat faced man who lowers the IQ of the entire street-" Anderson glares at him- "Let me introduce Captain John Watson-Holmes MD, recently returned from Afghanistan, and my husband" he says smugly as well as proudly.
Sherlock looked at John is the eyes, his own filled with sorrow, "I said, probably the same as when I got a call from the army saying you were shot in Afghanistan and was unconscious with infection from it not being treated fast enough" Sherlock said sadly and embarrassed for not being careful and putting John through that.
Lestrade and Sherlock walked back over to John and the three walked over to the cop car. Sherlock gripped John's hand tightly in the car, "what is it love?" John asked curiously. Sherlock looked at his feet guiltily, "I know you don't like having body parts in the fridge... so you might want to wait an hour before going into the fridge" he answered hesitantly. John looked at him and burst out laughing, "It's bloody good to be home", he laughed.
Lestrade noticed something on Sherlock's left hand, his eyes widened when he saw a wedding ring. He tried to see if John had one but he couldn't see from where he was standing. His eyes softened and his mouth turned up into a proud smile at the realization that the self proclaimed sociopath found someone who loves him and that he loves back from the look of it.
John takes a step forward and Anderson looks to Lestrade for help when the DI's fist connects with his other cheek. Anderson cries out and falls to the floor, "shitshitshitshitshitshit" Anderson yells as he clutches his broken nose with one hand and curls his body around his other wrist that he landed on in the fall.
John told her about getting shot, being discharged, and searching for Sherlock all day. Mrs. Hudson tutted at John for wandering around all day, "Well, Sherlock's upstairs with some of those officers, a drug's bust! Not that Sherlock's used mind you, but that detective inspector uses that as an excuse to check for evidence Sherlock might have stolen" she explained, John shook his head at Sherlock for stealing evidence. Mrs. Hudson looked at him before motioning for him to go upstairs.
John walked inside and was greeted by a woman with dark skin and brown hair, she looked at him and her eyes softened when she saw his army duffel bag and cane. "Hello sir, I'm Sergeant Donovan. How can I help you?" she asked, he looked around while answering her, "I'm looking for Sherlock Holmes? Have you seen him? Tall lanky detective, curly black hair, can be a git often" he said with a small laugh, but stopped when he saw the woman's smile turn into a grimace and her features turned into annoyance.
"...Sherlock, I believe it would be in your best interest to get into the car I called for you" Mycroft's voice said, Sherlock noticed that his voice didn't hold the same tone as usual, it sounded more worried? Sad? Sorrowful?
He grimaced, then suddenly smiled,
John stepped out of the airport and hailed a cab, getting in a little awkwardly with his leg and cane. The can looked at him, "Where ya headin' sir?" he asked, John thought for a second,
John smiles fondly at him, "Of course love, but does that mean you will get the shopping with me?" he responds cheekily, Sherlock rolled his eyes but didn't stop smiling, "If I must" he says with fake (read half fake, half real) annoyance.
"Oh you bastard" Sherlock looks at him confused, "I KNEW you actually knew my name you arse, and to think, all I needed for you to call me my name was to punch Anderson" he exclaimed before rolling his eyes and laughing.
~Flashback (one week ago)~
Lestrade got in with Sherlock, hoping he wasn't overstepping any boundaries but Sherlock seemed to be in shock. He saw Donovan get into a police cruiser behind them, Lestrade was grateful in case he needed a ride back from wherever they were going.
This one might be short though. sorry.
" John says mischievously, Sherlock's face lights up with his 'John' smile, "well... it seems that Donovan should be a maid not a sergeant with the number of times she scrubs Anderson's floor!" John lets out a loud laugh as they settle in to a comfortable conversation.
Sherlock remembered how Mycroft had comforted him and smiled softly to himself. Mrs. Hudson has been ever helpful and has made sure he is eating enough and trying to distract him with various things, she even took Cluedo of the wall and they tried playing with no success and the board ending up knifed to the wall again-surprisingly Mrs. Hudson was the one to stab it to the wall- Sherlock let out a small laugh remembering the older women stabbing it before going to calmly make some tea.
No one helps Anderson up,  Sally walks over Anderson's legs before walking to stand in front of Sherlock, "he's a good one, make sure you bring him to the next crime scene, she whispers and winks before walking away towards the police officers, the women are crying and most of the men look disgusted and angry after hearing about John's father and listening to Anderson. Lestrade looks at John, "Anderson's always been clumsy, I can't believe he tripped and landed flat on his face" he says loudly enough so the other officers hear, the gathered officers all nod and go back to there business. "It was
My mental health was shit and it still is but I am now almost 18, I've graduated, I'm in my first year of uni and I'm doing a BA honours English with concentration in creative writing! Reading back I still like my work but I want to finish it and make it better so.....
John arrived at St. Barts a limped into the morgue. He saw a small mousy girl putting a body away, she was shorter than John and had brown hair pulled into a ponytail. "Excuse me" he said gently, she jumped slightly and turned to him, giving him a shy smile, "Oh-uh-hi! Who are you?" she asked and walked over to where he was standing, " My name's John Watson, I was looking for Sherlock Holmes? Sergeant Donovan said he might be here" he stated. The girl blushed at the mention of Sherlock, "oh yes! he was here, but he- uh- ran out about an hour ago, sorry" she said. John took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a second before opening them and giving a smile to the girl, "It's ok, I'll find him eventually, do you know where he was headed?" he questioned, the girl shook her head no, "Alright then, sorry to waste your time" he sighed, "oh it's ok! oh! and the names Molly by the way, Molly Hooper." She exclaimed, John gave a little wave a limped out of the lab, "goodbye Molly" he said.
Over 800 hits! thanks so much you guys! This is my first ever fanfic so i'm super excited that people are reading this! I will try to update as much as I can but school is being annoying and I keep getting more and more assignments. I will try to add as many one-shots as I can.
"Excuse me, I need to get into room 122, please" a short blond man with his arm in a military looking arm sling asked the receptionist. He was wearing a black and white striped jumper and Lestrade could tell he was quite short from where he was standing. Suddenly, something clicked in his brain, 122 was Sherlock's room.
The surrounding officers all stared at the pale detective who was now gripping the phone tightly and was swaying were he stood. The next thing he knew, his knees were buckling and he started to fall to the floor.
he thought to himself,
Small warning, Anderson says some homophobic slurs. sorry in advance. karma happens though.
Of course this is where Anderson decided to open his trap. "How could you be married to this man? he's a freak! a psychopath!" the rat-faced man sneered. Lestrade, Sally, and Sherlock looked at him with the disgust, but John's face was pure hatred, his eye's blazing with anger. He let go of Sherlock's hand before walking to stand in front of the man. John smiled, the same smile that everyone in the army knew meant Captain Watson-Holmes was about to unleash hell. John spoke in a calm voice, loud enough that everyone could here but quiet enough that he wasn't yelling. John's voice carried across the crime scene, voice commanding and laced with steel, "That man over there is the best man I know, he saved me so many times that i've lost count, he spends his days solving murders and saving people, for free, because he wants to help, because he is a great man, and a bloody good one too. He saved me from an alcoholic father who used to beat me and my sister, he was my friend and when my father beat me too much on day, Sherlock found me and threw himself in front of my father to save me. So that man that you call a Freak, is the best man i've ever known and I am so bloody lucky that he loves me back". John turns away from the man before hesitating and turning back to face him, and before anyone can react, John pulled Anderson by the shirt and punches him hard in the nose.
Sherlock barely gave them a glance before rattling off what happened, "Their sister killed them, she is a drug addict and her brothers went to find her after she hadn't returned for quite some time, when they found her she was quite high and forgot that she had three brothers and so she panicked when she saw three identical men coming towards her. Their father was an army man and taught them all how to shoot which is why she had such great aim especially while drugged up, she stole the gun from her fathers house for protection while she went out and and scored drugs, she also has OCD so while high she dragged them all to line up and then ran. You will find her coming off her latest high in the crack house two blocks down in an abandoned house, she will look quite similar to her brothers and she will no doubt start to have some recollection of last night when you ask her".
AGAIN. YOU'RE NOT DREAMING. I'M UPDATING THIS.
John looked at him with mistrust. How many times have he heard that “
I'M SO SO SORRY, OKAY?
"Miss Cathrine Wyndham payed me a visit; which I observe as unnecesary; and during said visit, we played a really boring chess match, then we had tea and as her left hand can tell you, she's not even capable of having a decent conversation with another human being with an acceptable reasoning capacity." Sherlock answered without hiding his boredom, then, he turned back again to his little snake and the acids that lighted up his curiosity one more time. That, of course, did nothing but rise his father's annoyance.
In the beginning, Sherlock believed that John, angry and annoyed as he was, would tell on him with his mother but as soon as he heard the lie, he smiled relieved. Nevertheless, that gesture didn’t last long once he saw his friend’s stern look.
The young aristocrat walked carefully into one of the empty stables (someday he’d ask his dad to get more horses, maybe one day) lighted feebly by a lonely candle left over a wooden crate; this time, he was fully dressed and when he was reaching for the candle, he felt a hand covering his mouth while being hugged by his waist from behind.
"All that... Sounds pretty good, but it doesn't answer why *his lordship* is looking for me." Said John sounding calm and confident in an attempt to hide his nervousness. "I haven't done anything wrong; I know he gave me the day off so I could rest and get used to this place but instead, I've been learning and working."
and here we are."
"I don't mean to be nosy but, what is this for? Are you planning to study something new?" Asked John while his friend took out a little silver cigarette case along with a matchbox, took a cigarette into his mouth to light it and breath the smoke.
Not too long after they entered the building, both gentlemen were taken one more time to the private area of the tea room; there, they took a seat at the table close to the chimney and Sherlock entertained himself with lighting a first cigarette, handed his silver cigarette case to his blond companion and decided to order for both of them after looking at John lost in his thoughts. “So, your father argued with you before or after?” Asked all of a sudden, snapping John out of his thoughts.
The youngest Holmes frowned at such statement. “Or maybe every constructive criticism, you take it as an insult. Please be kind to explain how on earth I insulted you by saying that the city doesn’t belong to you? It doesn’t even belong to my father, and I think it’s pretty obvious why one would think
With a grateful (fake) smile, Sherlock took the bill to keep it inside his jacket and got out of the shop while trying to keep the prices out of John's sight. With the same silence, and being a similar process with the tailor (but not as slow, to John's relief), they paid the promised visit to the shoemaker, who again gave another bill and let them go; despite of being done with the tasks for the day, the young aristocrat kept going through the streets of London with a peace unknown to John, ignoring every beggar that dare to ask for some mercy from him until one of the beggars, a young man close to John's age with the old clothes covered in dirt thanks to the temporal jobs he had and the street adventures, reached closer to them.
“Please don’t worry about me, Lady Holmes, I don’t want to be a problem. I didn’t have that good of a night since the tree outside my room, reaches my window with its branches and thumped it all night, thus I wasn’t able to sleep for several hours. It was
**Frocs: "Formal" coat used during the XIX century.
"Thank you, Adam. You may go." Answered Lord Holmes smiling softly. The boy obeyed and left John in company of said lord and his father, the latter sitting in front of the aristocrat. "Please, do not be afraid, Mr. Watson. I'm not going to reprimand you or fire you," smiled again, "actually, your father has a very interesting news to tell you."
All of this was meditated with his eyes still closed, lying on the bed while enjoying the heat emitted by the last of the wood in the fireplace, then he heard someone knocking on the door and stood up to open with a yawn.
Hello c:! Sorry for taking sooo long in posting an update despite the huge amount of free time, but at least here I am (a bit late at night, I know) please, bear in mind that there's a holmescest part in this chapter (I divided it with a "TW: STARTS HERE)" and a "TW: ENDS HERE") that suggests sexual abuse. Please, do skip that part if it makes you uncomfortable (or simply don't want to read it), I do ship them but only when it's consensual (I mean, everything should be with consent, not only holmescest.)
And his lordship, the marquis of Holmes wanted to change that "No-friends-for-me-thank-you" subject on his youngest son Sherlock, a boy who just became of age, dark twisted curls with a skin so soft and pale that reminded of the most expensive marble anyone could find; something that struggled everyday with his manners every time he took a not so optimistic walk at midday or during the dinners and balls his parents organized.
"Come on, boy! Make your mind already, his lordship doesn't have all the day to put up with us." Interrupted Hamish Watson, gaining a chuckle from Lord Holmes.
The 18th birthday of the youngest heir of the Holmes family just had place two days before in the mid of a cold January, therefore, every celebration and ball had to be done on the inside of any respectable manor to ensure the comfort and a good time for the guests. Having to celebrate a birthday inside the house would've been a bummer for anyone, except for him. How could he be so disappointed if he didn't have anyone to be called "friend"?
"Someday Sherlock will stop being a young brat." Said to the empty room and with a better mood, smiled until he realized the size of the room: the place was decorated with the style of the era in a romantic and fancy way (just like everything else in the house), having enough space for a little living room for his own, bed and the rest of the furniture, taking John to wonder how many times his former home would fit into the room; marvelled with the luxury, he couldn't help asking himself how many families (and during how long) could eat with the price of every single piece of furniture and fabrics in the bedroom.
"I'll do it." John decided, catching both men's attention. "I'll do it. I'll be your son's friend."
”, the young Watson chided while getting out of the closet with him, “I’m not going to kill you and definitely won’t kill myself just because you’re thinking ahead and believe a soiree, that isn’t happening yet, is boring. Stop being such a child.” He tried to sound serious and angry at the man with the dark curls but his interest in his clothes was bigger at the moment; after all, it wasn’t his job to nag Sherlock (he wasn’t a nanny), he only had to be his friend and be by his side.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as his curiosity died so he could look at his father, unwilling to loose another five minutes ("
“As much as I’d love to fuck you several days, I would have to stop from time to time to give this beautiful arse some rest.” Joshua joked as he spanked the young Holmes and bit his neck, delighting himself with Sherlock's soft moan. “I love when you speak french.”
Once both boys were inside the carriage, John opted for spending the time in complete silence just to understand all the events that happened with great speed. If someone have told him five years ago that he would be gaining two hundred and forty pounds per year just by studying a career, spending time reading and being companion of a (bratty) young aristocrat, he would've laughed and even worried about the mental health of said messenger... But now, that was his reality: a reality where he would have to strive thanks to Sherlock's attitude and his questions about tableware and music: What is he going to do?
"Look at you, so peaceful and calm despite of betraying your parents and what you're doing to them. You don't deserve to be part of this family." Whispered John and sighed, went to open the curtains and proceed to put out the fire that remained in the chimney.
"Oh for God's sake, Sherlock, cover yourself! We're men!" said and turned around to avoid looking any more at the youngest Holmes.
The noise of the slammed door stayed behind his back as he walked quickly to go out into the garden and calm down for a moment. Why did he react like that? Why was he behaving like a foolish teenage girl? He was (sort of) dating Joshua and, besides, he hated John.
**Von den Miasmen und Contagien: "On miasma and contagia" by Friedrich G.J Henle.
"What your father is trying to say, Watson." Interrupted Lord Holmes. "is that in your new position you'd serve as a valet with the exception that you can borrow any book that you want from the library, you'll get decent clothes so you can accompany Lord Sherlock to different places; even, if you wish, we'll sponsor in any subject for you to study. You'll have the room next to my son's so if he ever needs your help during the night, you can reach him easily."
liberals for her own good.
After all, the man behaved almost like God asked of all his children. Just like he tried to do as well.
"But he's eighteen, both his hands are functional just like his legs", too functional, "why can he get dressed by himself? He isn't useless, at least he doesn't seem like one." And by the surprised look of the servant, John knew his questions were taken as a big offense.
"His lordship needs you in the library." Answered Adam, one of the indoor servants, while looking John up and down and sighed trying to tide John's hair a little. "wish we could get rid of that awful smell from your hair."
The young Holmes simply nodded with certain disinterest, being more involved with his monologue of table manners and how to behave with a female acquaintance, young and old; the latter subject seemed ironic to John, at least ironic in the way of Sherlock knowing all that information if he seemed to never use it (and being terrible awful at it.) At the end of John’s bath, he reluctantly left the room in order to give the young Watson some space.
Sherlock: http://pin.it/owvKMap
“To begin with this funny business, Mr. Watson, you must know that I’m a devoted catholic, even if I’m not an “official” one. The love I profess to another man can co-exist gracefully along the love our heavenly father has for each one of his children. Another point for you to keep in mind is that, even if Leviticus* condemns any kind of loving relationship that isn’t between a lady and a gentleman, you surely know that the biblical book in question also forbids eating pork and seafood… which is funny since I understand you’ll be served seafood for dinner tonight; also, the Bible states how much of a sin it’s to charge interests on a loan.
"One's never too young to work and survive, on the other hand, he's a bloody lucky bastard: he didn't have to work since age five like I did..." He felt the serious gaze of his son and sighed. "Get rid of that idiotic look of your face and hurry up, John." Snapped John's father and the young man held any complain.
"By the way, Mr. Tisher, ignore the complaining my good friend could do regarding the materials you might use. He has the money but still loves to whine like if he didn't have a place to die." Sherlock added while the tailor showed John the perfect spot to stand by and the latter murdered the young aristocrat with his eyes.
"What for?"
In that moment, Sherlock’s thoughts were completely fogged by his own arousal and was clearly annoyed when Joshua stopped paying attention to his body. “Wow, you had an idea. We must hurry and sell the story to the papers,” said annoyed and sighed, “you know very well that I cannot ask my father to give you a raise. What would be the excuse for that request?
Meanwhile, John was amused at how the young Holmes was practically speechless. A small victory. “Truly astonishing, Sherlock. Honestly, no one before knew so much about me or something I just went through just by looking at how my hands clench or a small detail in my clothes. Trust me when I say that what you just did, was extraordinary.” His smiled slowly faded when the waiter came back to them to serve the tea and a small fountain with fresh scones, small sandwiches of smoked salmon and cucumber, tiny Victoria sponge cakes and chocolate madeleines.
"But those posh bastards, just like the one we are about to meet with in half an hour, will get us dining like royalty the whole month." Mr. Watson kept talking like if John never made a sound. "Don't you ever turn into one of them, boy. They would kill their own mothers for just a golden coin, even worse, they love to drag you deep into the mud."
A blush that John was starting to hate since Sherlock was always the reason he blushed.
And there he was, sitting in a tube with warm water and soap covering his body (thank god) to his shoulders while Sherlock paced back and forth in the room, instructing him in the matters of proper manners at the table and on different social events.
"Oh, it isn't a very important business and maybe I would only bother his lordship." Said Mr. Watson, sounding bored. "but, on the other hand, whatever I have to say might save him from dying in the near future thanks to lord Sherlock's temper."
And her sister's gown: http://pin.it/7jEgcba
And one more time, John sat in complete silence trying to process every fact that Sherlock had explained so fast and eloquent.
"Don't get me wrong but they won't have to worry too long, I'm a fast learner and it won't take me too long. I'm not an idiot." John grinned before biting his second toast, relaxing at last.
"Watson, good morning", greeted one of the servants while entering the room to leave in bed John's outfit for the day, then stayed to dress him, "remember that you have to wake Lord Sherlock and dress him."
"But father..." Sherlock tried to complain until he remembered the threat about Spitalfields and kept silent, not without a dramatic sigh before leaving and left them alone.
"My lord, the room is...ready." The servant interrupted himself by the scene and hurried to put them apart. "My lord! Are you alright, sir? What happened?" Asked while Sherlock fixed his cufflinks and John tried to do his best with his own tie.
Allright, THAT was going to be an interesting challenge. Interesting and awkward: the youngest Watson would have to see every single disastrous effect on Sherlock's body result from last night's "adventure." But, now that he thought about it, "dressing" Sherlock didn't mean to exactly dress him, did it? The young lord wasn't a toddler and was old enough ("Come on, last night he had sex. Sex with a man." thought John and tried to forget about it as soon as possible) to be able to get dressed all by himself; then, surely he only had to go to Sherlock's room, leave him his fresh clean clothes and wait outside of the room.
******************************
Were John's father words after he told him a little bit about his dream,) but that fact didn't stop him from at least snoop between all the topics and remedies the medical community worked with everyday.
It's been a long time since the last chance he had of feeling like this, so, this is how calm and rest felt? Because it just felt like resting on clouds, letting the world fight under him... But then he got a strange feeling, what was going on? It felt as if someone searched between every single one of his thoughts; soon the clouds left and gave away to the same room he saw last time with his opened eyes.
"You aren't the fastest human on earth, Adam. What do you need?"
“I’m going out to catch some fresh air, don’t worry, I won’t be far.” Said John, barely receiving a nod from the young aristocrat; the blond man got out of the room and walked to his bedroom to fetch some of the many letters that he had received from his mother in the last two months and redirected his path to the gardens and finally sat under the oldest tree in the property; there he shuffled some of the letters and took a cigarette out of the silver cigarette case Sherlock lent him, lighted it on and finally found the letter he thought would comfort him and give the advice he needed.
While he finished folding his handkerchief to put it back inside his jacket, John barely heard soft steps reaching him. “Damn it, John: So old and still crying like a tiny baby. This is how I cried inside every time you rejected a girl.” Joked a familiar voice to John; the latter looked up and smiled happily, surprised to see Eliah dressed in a footman’s uniform.
P.S: I messed it up reaally bad with the servants wages during the victorian era (I mean, John shouldn't be earning 20-30 pounds, at least not per month lol) but I sort of fixed it with another character in this chapter. If you're interested, I'll leave you the link of the site that helped me to fix my mistake :D!
“Mister Watson? Mr. Watson, did you mentally leave us?” asked Wilde once more while Sherlock stared at John.
He was not going to fall into the deception of his words, he was only listening a libertine justify his sins; then, the logical part of his mind made some noise and told him that Sherlock was right, at least in something: Who told him that there was an only kind of love? Yes, he would never feel affection (at least not of the romantic type) for another man but it wasn’t an excuse for him to judge everybody else’s choices. After all, what harm was Sherlock doing while loving… in the way he was loving? None.
“Sir Oscar Wilde is looking for you, my lord.”
Thank you all for Reading and do please, if you feel like it of course, feel free to leave a comment. I don't know but it sort of cheers me up reading them lol. Please guys, stay safe and if you don't have the need (bc I know there's people who needs to go out everyday to go to work) PLEASE STAY AT HOME, wash your pretty hands and do not panic with false information.
The lustful bastard who didn’t let him sleep more than a few hours. The son of a bitch who was sitting so calm and happy by the right hand of his mother.
You know I can’t do that.” Concluded and kissed his lover again, attempting to resume the affair but soon his hands had to stop his efforts in opening Joshua’s pants when the latter took a handful of his hair to stop him and tugged to get his attention.
"And how long do I have to wait outside of the room?" Asked John while taking his shirt from the bed.
” or “
"And... I only have to be with him? Like... accompany him?" John barely murmured.
“Yours? Of course they are. Have you ever encountered a man as short as you so Mr. Tisher could swap your clothes by mistake? Yes, I reckon there are some members of the circus who could possibly be as short as you, or even shorter, but John, they’d never be able to afford all of these. We can.” Said Sherlock with a tone of mockery while testing John’s patience once more and got into the closet. “And on a more boring subject: I must warn you that my mother’s soiree is unavoidable and monotonous to the extent where you’ll be begging to any deidity for it to be kind and kill you; I’ll thank you if you manage to slip any poisonous substance into our drinks.”
With that explanation, John was lost in his thoughts once more while drinking tea without even noticing of doing so and barely sighed. He couldn’t judge Sir Wilde since all the playwright explained was full of reason: Sir Wilde was only known thanks to his splendid plays and tales; he wasn’t a criminal nor was intentionally rude… So? Was he going to judge the older man based on the way he was born?
partner appears, of course; and regarding your other concern: I’m cautious, I always watch over my back; because that time where you discovered your taste for voyeurism, trust me, wasn’t my first time with a man. Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
John sighed trying to gain all his patience. "It has never been nor will ever be my intention to worry or bother your parents but Eliah isn't a beggar; yes, his clothes and face are dirty but when you are poor you cannot afford to pay someone to prepare us a bath, we apologize for that." Of course his apology was full of sarcasm, when they walked in front of St. Mary's hospital, he regretted said sarcasm: If only he had kept silence and ignore Sherlock's complaining, he could have suggested to ask for some information about the medicine school... Until he noticed the path Sherlock took. What was he doing? John would never understand him.
.” I’m not that banal, John; that’s why I allow myself to be attracted to whom I think best, wether it’s the stable boy, that one time gentleman in my brother’s club or even you. I’m sorry if leading my own life bothers you though.” Finally finished and took another drag from his cigarette; this time, it was John’s turn to stay in perplexed silence.
.” That answer made John feel pity for the young man in front of him, that until he understood the last of the sentence.
“Excuse me, what?”
At one in the morning, John gave up on trying to read an essay when he felt his eyes burning due to the tiredness and being up so late. With a yawn, he started to close books and put every paper and tools away to leave the room and go to sleep. Thank God he changed into his pajamas hours before; minutes later, John was tucked in bed with his head lying on the soft pillows.
“Footman. I serve food to the family, open doors and help when they need me, things like that. What do you think? I look pretty decent, bit posh.” Joked Eliah and smiled with certain pride in himself. “What are you doing here though? I’ve heard in the kitchens that your job is to be all the time with a Sherlock, and unless that’s the name of the tree…”
“You have no idea, Charles.” John sighed as he sat on the border of the bed, trying to be truly awake and alert. “There were a lot of noises and thumps in my room that didn’t let me sleep during a great part of the night… which I guess is thanks to that tree’s branch. Do you mind if I cut it later today? I won’t mind spending time with the gardener.” Added quickly once he noted that he could’ve give Sherlock away with his comment on noises in his room.
"You're right, I guess." Said Sherlock, finding the servant's words a little strange when some women screaming caught his attention, he ran quickly to the back door for the servants and was welcomed by three housemaids screaming and avoiding the ground as if it had turned into a river of hot lava.
"One quick tip: Don't let Mr. Forner hear you calling his lordship "Mr.Holmes", Mr.Forner, the butler, has reprimanded all of us in different occasions in the past for different situations, don't hurry to join our team." Advised the young man, smiled and got inside through the servants door and kept his way until reaching the library.
ask but he’d only get a “
"I must admit nobody does it, well, except for
Thank you so much for reading, the kudos and comments <3!
Meanwhile, Sherlock never cared if someone behaved poorly in his presence but this time, it was his turn to look somewhat serious at John for such question. On the other hand, Oscar just smiled.
because, since you’re such a fan of the church and its book, I’m sure you know that the Old Testament was created on the base of oral tradition since only the rich and clergymen had access to education, to learn how to read and write, right? Also, you surely know by now that is more than impossible the fact that a shepherd, a fisher and a farmer wrote books and letters when the social class they belonged to wasn’t allowed to even write a vowel.”
“Lord Sherlock?” Interrupted a servant, who tried his best at hiding his surprise of finding the young aristocrat in the company of a man, naked man. “I’m sorry to interrupt you, my lor, but a letter arrived. It’s addressed to Mr. Watson.”
John clenched his fist to contain his annoyance due to Sherlock’s mockery to his previous lifestyle, instead, he climbed up and into the coach without saying a word. Well, even if he hated to admit it, at least this unfortunate encounter with the young aristocrat saved him from paying a ride. “You know? I find this curious, and don’t dare to tell me I’m wrong: when you don’t want to answer to something, no matter the simplicity of the topic, you choose to insult.” Said with a nonchalant tone while looking through the window.
Even a feather falling could've been heard in the library due to the silence courtesy of Sherlock's words; both Watsons were discreetly trying to find a place to hide from the reigning discomfort; in the meanwhile, Lord Holmes tried his best to hide the anger behind his icy blue eyes: This was another humiliating situation committed by his son. And he would make sure it was the last one.
Sherlock put his cigarette down in the silver ashtray and nodded to allow the entrance. Moments later, he smiled for a second when his blue-greyish eyes landed on the man entering the room, delighted with the peculiar and exquisite style of said man.
A little bit of this and that, honestly, it's a chapter not exactly neccesary in order to understand the rest of the story. But fun nonetheless, our boys start to get along a tad better (still, they aren't the best pals or love doves...yet :p)
Without further complaining or interruptions, both Watsons got out of the house, trying to cover themselves as much as their coats made it possible and started their journey to Harrow, a country town near London. The long journey consisted of fourteen miles (miles that could've been avoided with a cab if his father hadn't drink all the money during the last month) and during said miles, John distracted himself trying to memorize all the medical remedies he had once read months ago; he knew he would never have a chance of being a doctor (
*Albany: Actually, it was called Albany street. During the the XVIII and XIX centuries, it was common to find female and male sex workers in there.
"Sherlock, go and look for Forner, ask him to order breakfast from Mrs. Casey, just for one person and offer her your deepest apologies for the inconvenience of such late breakfast." Ordered Mr. Holmes totally serious without even looking at his youngest son.
“John. He insisted on needing to understand one of Montesquieu theories; I finally managed to escape, I left him trying to understand
Oh well :p
“Please, don’t hurry to declare “a shame” your ignorance regarding my person, sir. On the contrary, I’m not surprised at all that our good friend here hasn’t told you before a single thing about me since, sometimes, dames and marquises don’t find my presence very pleasant.” Oscar replied simply and sighed in a light dramatic way while Sherlock called his service to order tea for them.
**Considerations on the Causes of the Greatness of the Romans and their Decline
Sherlock thought.
"You don't have to take that long to use the cutlery." Said Sherlock while looking at John, totally clueless. "At least not while we dine in private; my parents will excuse you at dinner so you can take it in your room until you learn properly..."
And silence followed after the quick and fast deduction; on one side, Sherlock was awaiting rejection, even mockery, he knew too well that happened every time he decided to share his deductions out loud; on the other side, John was simply trying to process such details as fast as his brain could. And the youngest Watson’s reaction was the one Sherlock less expected.
I think that at this point, is offensive from me to offer not to take too long in publishing each chapter (I'm truly, truly sorry for taking ages tho) but I can tell you that I'm forever grateful for the support despite taking ages to update this work and I don't know what to feel since this work has overpassed in readings my original version (the spanish one) lol!
Because that’s what love was: A ruin, and now, it was a ruin that Sherlock would find out he didn’t want to escape.
“Oh no, thank
“I didn’t share my thoughts just to push you to break all the traditions you have with your mother. Keep going to church with her; sometimes, the only thing that keeps the poor alive is faith.” Then, Sherlock turned to raise his hand and order some champagne for them; surprising John with his words since it was the first time since they met, that the youngest Holmes didn’t use a disdainful tone to talk about the less fortunate.
New realizations come for one of our boys, our aristocratic pain in the ass' still is a lusty boy.
"This fool Neanderthal thinks he is going to pay for his own clothes," said Sherlock suddenly sounding bored while taking a seat in one of the chairs near the entrance, "please Watson, if we were asking you to pay for a wardrobe, we would dress you with a potato bag."
"My lord, beware! There's a rat!" Warned the youngest housemaid, her eyes frantically scanning the floor.
*Spitalfields was a poor neighborhood during the XIX century, habitated mainly by french silk weavers who broke when textile factories appeared in Manchester.
John stood up as fast as he could and hugged his friend just as happy. “Eliah, you listened to my words!” said after breaking the hug, “These are fantastic news! And for what I can see, you got a nice position at the house. What’s your job in there?”
It seemed that the poor class compensated the lack of money and comfort with overdoses of affection.
"Pacific as always, Joshua. Well, now that you mention it, on my way back with Graphein, two men looked at him like if they never saw an animal in their dull lives."
When they arrived to the Brown hotel; where they previously had tea together for the first time; John could hardly wait to open the door by himself and jump down the coach, still, decided to wait for the chauffeur to do so and thanked him briefly.
Sherlock sighed clearly annoyed, when he found the little rodent (who was trying to hide behind the grains containers), kicked it to scare it and send it away.
, it actually meant the contrary? He hoped for Sherlock to be an exemption to that rule, just like he was in everything else he did. “Seems like I’m going to write to mum to tell her we shouldn’t go anymore to church.” Said finally after giving a good sip to his cup of tea.
it’s more possible for him to be the owner of London than you.”
"It'd be the best," agreed Sherlock before exiting the room, "and Watson, please do remember to move with caution, we don't want any accident in the future ¿do we?" There he parted ways from them with a sufficient smile on his face, leaving a annoyed and angry John behind.
"That was a brilliant deduction, a very simple and obvious one, but still brilliant for someone like you." The young aristocrat took his silk shirt from the edge of the bed and put it on, even if it was unbuttoned, at least it covered his genitalia. It was enough with the provocations, at least for the moment.
And with that little promise, without knowing, Sherlock surprised John again: He was being nice and even friendly without being asked to, like if he truly enjoyed John's company.
The young aristocrat turned around once he heard the youngest Watson’s voice; and the latter, could swear to God himself, saw Sherlock smile for a second; and looked him up and down followed by a sigh. “Do I need your permission to come here? Or is it that now I need to give you one of my visit cards to announce my presence in the city? London belongs to everyone, Watson. You’re not her owner.” Then continued to look at the showcase a bit longer, then his blue-grey eyes looked down at the time in his pocket watch and even dared to call for a couch, all in complete silence to enjoy the simple but delicious art of annoying John Watson. “It’s almost tea time and the last train leaves in three hours; unless you’re planning to sleep one more time on the streets to revive the good old memories, come with me.” Simply instructed when the coach arrived and the coach man opened the door for him.
"Not me, you." Sherlock got his chair closer to the table. "For now, you are only capable of speaking English, are ignorant of all the romance and poise French can give you, if you try to read one of Plato's papers, you'll understand nothing but the illustrations; for example, if I say "
"You are very lucky indeed, Watson." Scolded Sherlock as soon as Eliah couldn't hear them. "During all your disgraceful chat, none of my parents’ acquaintances or friends happened to be around; otherwise, their social life would have ended if someone had seen you being kind to a beggar."
.” Sherlock muttered.
"Well, ehr..." John hesitated and hated to acknowledge the truth: Earlier, Sherlock didn't lie about how John could ruin everything if he exceeded his words... The worst part was that he didn't even talk until that moment. Gold or nacre? He wasn't a girl to be wearing loads of jewelry and by what he saw about Sherlock and Lord Holmes, aristocratic men didn't wear it either. What then? "Nacre, I think."
** That should keep him busy for days.” Sherlock sighed and moved in order to give his lover an easier access to his skin.
Sherlock stayed completely silent while listening to his paid friend's words, feeling how every word was igniting his nerves with anger; as soon as John finished, he stood up, took him by the neck and slammed him back against the nearest wall. "
*John Dalton (1766-1844) English chemist, known for his research into colour blindness.
“Astonishing? it really was?” Were the only questions the young man managed to ask. Good God, he sounded like a brute.
"Do not you worry, dear father. I am pretty sure that, when the times come where I have to marry, instead you'll find a fresh body with my clothes. Ready to bury." A sarcastic smile adorned his face while fixing his black silk vest and started to walk. "I am not even remotely interested in wasting my knowledge and time in something so absurd as that "love" nonsense nor having a fake person to call my friend. Therefore, you can hire the whole town to be my friends or my valentines since I will never, ever, have a real interest in any of the two." That being said, Sherlock finally got out of his study heading to the stables, ready for a horse ride to forget all his father's words.
Sherlock Holmes would always be a mystery to him.
"I wasn't asking you for that unnecessary information, Sherlock. John is going to live with us from this day on, he'll have a room next to yours and you will always be thankful for his kind company, otherwise, you can ask Forner to do your luggage and move into Spitalfields* with all those frenchs so you can behave like a barbaric young fool!" Exclaimed his father, finding himself on the limit of his patience with a deeper discomfort in the room as a result of the shouting. Minutes passed without an answer from Sherlock, then, Lord Holmes touched his well combed dark hair and sighed. "Mr. Hamish, you understand that your job at the stables is only for today, don't you?"
Not more, not less) and during those hours, even though Lady Holmes acted a bit sentimental towards him, those shows of affection could never match Mrs. Watson’s words and the letter written by her neighbour (he knew the woman didn’t write the letter, the tiny dots of mud betrayed her.)
“Sherlock!” Said John annoyed, which only made Sherlock smile.
Soon after, the young Watson was followed close by a puzzled Sherlock: Honestly, what was wrong with the tea the poor drank that changed that made them behave so different from the upper, decent class? Yes, he knew his temper and character weren’t the best of the best but still, he thought unnecessary the way John pointed out his behavior. Totally unfair.
“After. How did you know?” John asked again with a mix of curiosity and amazement.
"Hamish dear, don't bother him with money issues. He's too young to mortify about it." Said Mrs Watson, playing the role of a lawyer for her son. "I am sorry, dearest." Added at the incipient anger of her husband.
"Those posh bastards, they all are the same." Said Mr. Watson all of a sudden, distracting John from his train of thoughts, also helping him to realize that the sun finally araised and they were walking in open fields. "Always with those bloody balls and disgusting fancy clothes."
Guys, thank you so much for being patient and all your suggestions. Sorry for taking so damn long in updating but finally my laptop is working, so now I can update faster iui
John thanked him in silence, trying not to pay too much attention to Sherlock's self-admiration; he was already fed up with only two hours of coexisting, therefore he didn't want another tantrum round from the dark haired boy, at least for the rest of the month. John hurried to open the closet and raised an eyebrow while looking at the size of the room. "
I have it pretty clear." John agreed and shook Harker's hand, smiling softly.
Now, having to marry a woman just for the sake of having an heir? The idea of having a family with a gender he felt no attraction at all was just as lovely as joining the army. Therefore and thanks to the moral rules that prevailed at the time, every single week, there could be seen a young, naive lady (believing she could be the best match for Sherlock) abandoning the Holmes manor and cursing Sherlock in bitter silence while doing her best to decline the kind apologies offered by the young man's parents. So, if people could stop trying to force him into such topics and left him alone with his books, maps, experiments and music, he would be thankful and in exchange he would stop offending every single lady that'd visit him in the future.
The young aristocrat climbed the bed and slowly crawled towards his lover, being this his turn to smile proudly after kissing close to the groom’s groin; with a weak sigh, took the cock standing proudly in front of him and making a show of his abilities, swallowed entirely, tasting the curious mix of bitter and salty taste of pre-cum while Joshua’s soft moans filled his ears and provoking him to moan as well.
“My apologies, Watson, but you’d do well in listening to those words,” apologized Sherlock and began reading the actual words in the letter, “basically John, your mother expresses the pride you make her feel with your progress at writing and learning new languages, she thanks you for being such a
John would have been definitely amazed by Sherlock's deduction if his words weren't so full of disrespect and bitterness, instead, he found himself praying that the young man in front of him wasn't the same Sherlock he would have to accompany.
We'll overcome this, just like we humans always do. ^^
And that question landed him a look of confusion (and even a bit of disgust) from the servant. "What do you mean? You have to help his lordship with absolutely everything, just like I help you, and please, let me give you a piece of advice: don't bother in showing him all of his handcuffs, Lord Sherlock doesn't like to wear them, he only does so when Lady Holmes forces him to wear them." The servant smiled with that memory, and unintentionally, with that gesture he made it clear how much he missed being Sherlock's valet.
"First: Don't call them like that, I know some... defy your patience, but not all the rich people are mean. Now, I can't tell you all the details, Eliah but what I can suggest you is: go to the Holmes manor, ask to have a word with Mr. Forner, who happens to be the butler, and I'm pretty sure he'll hire you or, if that's not the case, he´ll let you have a word with Lord Holmes; be respectful to Lord Holmes, he's a very nice and kind man but in exchange you have to be a good worker. Got it?"
"You didn't say it with your voice, no, but surely promised with your wandering eyes." Then, Sherlock left the room, leaving John in complete silence and a slight blush in the blond man's cheeks.
“Don’t worry, sir. I’ll ask Mr. Enfield or one of his assistants to take care of that branch; if you want, I can report you ill to Lady Holmes so you can spend more time in bed.”
“I know you won’t but please try to be in my shoes for a minute: two weeks ago I was in the streets looking for any chance to help my family to barely survive; obviously, no one has dressed me before, maybe only my mother during my early days as a child. Also, isn’t this boring to you? Dressing fully capable men?”
" Told himself while getting undress as fast as he could, and even when he had a bit of troubles with the tie, John managed to be ready ten minutes later; looked at himself in the mirror for a mere second and knew that if Mr. Watson looked at him in that instant, the old man would surely disapprove his looks. "
After an hour the trip was finally over and once they had their feet on the ground, Sherlock began a light tour around the shops and what did they sell (he even dared to show his knowledge of the best products offered by each shop,) John paid attention to every word he said and when Sherlock paid two shillings to a young boy standing on a corner*, the blond man thought that, thanks to his mother, he didn't suffer the same fate when he was five years old. The youngest Holmes kept playing his guide role until they reached a large shop with a facade in light colors and fancy gold sign in the upper part of the building announcing the name of the place; Sherlock opened the door for John and waited in the middle of the shop.
“Why? You barely understand english, let alone french.” Murmured the young aristocrat and turned around without breaking the embrace.
By the end of the letter, John had smoked two cigarettes and used twice as much his handkerchief to dry his tears. He had heard before that crying was a thing reserved for ladies but, who cared? He felt better with his mother’s words and his heart filled with contempt and excitement each time his mother showed her pride for him; honestly, crying should be seen as a human reaction and not something that only certain people can or can’t do.
"What?" Said John confused.
; he could still remember the aristocrat's weird behaviour during his brother’s visit the day before, nevertheless, John didn’t dare to ask: it wasn’t his business nor was such a close friend of Sherlock so it’d be acceptable for him to go around asking about such personal matters; he
), there, the look of surprise couldn’t abandon John’s face while he looked at all the clothes being stored in the room’s closet: That was impossible. Those nice clothes in fine materials couldn’t be
At the house marked with number 24 on Boundary street in Old Nichol habitational section, lived a working class family; just like the rest of the street; the walls of said house were cruel during winter and not so kind during summer. There a blond young man (with barely twenty two years of age) fixed his cotton vest that his mother got him several years ago with a jewish ambulant seller.
P.S: I'm sorry for using such weird terms (mortals, folks) but I'm on my way of finding the best word to include everyone and stop using "guys" (in spanish it'd be easier, I use "amigues" or "amigxs" [which are some of the inclusive ways of saying friends c: ])
“It took my John, unfortunately, twenty two years to learn to write but look at him,” replied Mrs. Watson showing the letter again to her neighbor, she’d never stop feeling proud of her son; “but now he even writes to me! All by himself and without help.”
(Sorry guys, I still suck at summaries! lol xd)
At those words, Sherlock got free from his father's grip and set a serious look at him, feeling a bit mad. What was so interesting about a boring life like the one his parents kept suggesting? There was no hobby created by mankind that could cease his need of knowledge, his parents considered that someone of their level worked, was something unworthy of them (
“We need to talk. Later.” Was the only thing that John whispered for Sherlock, looking at him as serious as the moment he stepped into the dining room that morning.
from being fucked with the face against a wooden wall to being fucked in a soft bed.
NO. YOU'RE NOT DREAMING.
*************************************
“Are you even listening to me? I NEVER said I didn’t believe in anything, John: I believe in knowledge, thus, in myself. You should do that sometime, would be great for you;” Sherlock exhaled again the smoke of his cigarette and shook his head; “I’d love for you to explain why is it so important to defend so much a religion that, after all, was imposed into you since your birth. And I want a logical explanation, not a “
Yes, he was often rude but he wasn’t a thief, a swindler or a murderer. He just felt… things, for another man. And his mother told him very well about it earlier ‘
When John sensed that Sherlock was at least a bit covered, turned around and dressed with a sigh: helped him to button his shirt, waited until Sherlock put on his pants to help him with his silk socks and the boots and once he finished with the rest of the clothes, sighed again but now with certain satisfaction for a task well done.
"Move so we can get out of here. I have all the information for my father. Also, I presume you can't write and don't have any knowledge in Latin, greek, French or German." Interrupted Sherlock while opening the door and letting him get out first and John acknowledged his ignorance. The young Holmes sighed and after a short stop in a book shop (where he bought a couple of books, paper sheets, ink and pens) he directed John and himself trough Albemarle street until they stopped in front of a white large building, the facade getting along with the architectural fashion of the time and once again, a golden sign spelling the name of the place
“I don’t see you as much I would like to and that doesn’t stop me from adoring you; so, now I need to understand even the most sophisticated words in french just to adore your voice in that language?” The young man smiled and finally kissed him on the lips for the first time that night. Minutes passed and the young man kept devouring the aristocratic lips and every inch of ivory skin being revealed. “Sherlock? I have an idea.”
John: http://pin.it/Ohl1mgw
Sherlock reluctantly followed his father's orders (although his pouting gained him the sympathy from the butler because, just like the young maid said during breakfast, the young dark haired man was kind to all the house servants, being almost like a whole different person during his parents visits and balls.
Again, thank you for reading, all the kudos and kind comments! You guys are the best <3 Stay safe and have a good 2021 :)!
"One question, mate: How did you do to go up? I mean, it doesn't matter how much we work, you can never mingle with the posh brats. How did you do it?"
John walked by his friend's side and when they stopped at the main hall to get the proper information, the future doctor looked with discretion at all the students that passed by with their pocket notebooks in hand, some others discussing some of the medical topics and, of course, the youngest Watson couldn't help to marvel himself when his eyes spotted a licensed doctor. And there he stood, god know how long, admiring and listening to everything he could, trying to learn and memorized things even if he didn't understand them... Until his bubble popped again. "Sorry, what?"
.” Lied John once more, not knowing why he was protecting Sherlock.
"Father!" Sherlock protested, unable to believe the news. "He's not my friend, the only thing I know is that this... man is son of a factory worker and an arthritic seamstress who just recently condemned her family to eat trash from the street thanks to her foolish decision of feeding eggs and milk to her youngest son, instead of the typical moldy bread he hates. Also, they live in the slums."
"Mr. Watson, please do not worry about your clothes nor its quality. As Lord Holmes can tell you, his noble family has been doing business with mine for four generations and we never disappointed them." Said the tailor, beginning with his work. "Now please tell me: Would you like nacre or gold?"
"Beethoven." Sherlock whispered all of a sudden in the middle of the trip, still gazing the fields outside.
Squeezing, breaking, smothering. He tries to fight it, to break the hold, to squirm out of its grip. But it only clenches tighter, and John can't move at all. He bangs his hand against it, slams his whole body into the motion. But then he's lost in the void, swirling endlessly with no one there to catch him. His voice rasps out to scream, but it's lost in the invisible bubbles of tar that fill his lungs and stain his soul.
The overwhelming scent, the headiness of being so close to his obsession, was too much for Sherlock. His quicksilver eyes had flashed open and he blew out a gasp that spread softly over the pillow. He was stunned to realize he was straining against his trousers, aching to be near John right now. With a trembling hand Sherlock unzipped himself, his cock leaking and hard. Sherlock quickly covered the head to prevent any precome staining the sheets, while he stroked with the other. He thought about having his army doctor pinned underneath him, whimpering in a combination of fear and pleasure. To have Sherlock be the only thing that John saw, that John ever thought about, ever. Thinking of what it would be like to have those expressive eyes trained on him in defiance, anger and horror as Sherlock did whatever he wanted, God he was nearly undone but not here.
This was the first time Lestrade had shown up asking about it. And, his mind clicked onto the words, he had mentioned that something was different about this one.
John doesn't know what this is. What this worship is supposed to mean, and it freaks him out more than a little. It's not that the man doesn't constantly obsess over him. One time Sherlock had tried to document exactly how many hairs he had on his head, and John had thought he'd never get the bloody crick out of his neck. But Sherlock's already done his feet, cataloged every callous and line. The only time he pays this much attention to them anymore is when he's beating them to a pulp, or when he's watching his toes curl when Sherlock strokes his dick in a way that shoots through his spine.
He felt Sherlock tense across from him. John continued to stare at his hands. John would rather believe it was cowardice, than admit to the possibility that his resolve would waver if he met Sherlock eye to eye.
(Please God stop no more I'll tell you everything just stop! Too late, I already know everything, I'm just bored. Monster! Freak! Psychopath!)
They sit down in their little corner, Sherlock sitting close to John in the booth. Above their heads is a television that neither are paying attention to. A waiter floats by, and John orders himself a pint while Sherlock glares at nothing. John's glad that ordering isn't a breach of their agreement.  No one says anything, and when John's drink is set on the table, he takes a tentative sip. Sherlock's fingers drum on the table, and John knows what's coming. Pretty soon the acidic remarks will come pouring forth from those lips, and John won't get a moment's respite. Like a bomb, he needs to diffuse this the quickest way possible.
Normally John would have gotten it himself, but he seized the opportunity for distraction. “Thank you Jim, that’s very considerate of you.”
The woman snaps her head up and screams, "Don't touch me!" She scrambles away from him, her hand extended in a futile attempt to ward him off. "Stay away from me!"
, he tells himself. He begins the breathing exercises he used to do for when the nightmares became memories. That's when he notices something's wrong.
He sets the whole kit on the ground, snapping off his gloves and tossing them somewhere. He’ll clean and sterilize the lot of it later.
John flinches into his side. It's not that Sherlock is even uncomfortably up against him. But he's only an inch away, and John's really not okay with that. He doesn't say anything, doesn't protest. John just breathes and counts backwards from ten. He starts again when the tension's still not gone from his shoulders.
“I know who you are,” John spat, “you’re a liar and a murderer. You’re every evil in this world hiding behind a clever mind.”
Only he felt far weaker than he had earlier that morning, and so he dropped everything, which caused porcelain to crack against the carpet. Fast footsteps followed the great clatter of clashing silver and pottery, and then Sherlock was by his side.
“Exactly how many times have you stuck your fat nose where it doesn’t belong? How many ‘endings’ have you Foreseen, Mycroft?” Sherlock took a step forward to push Mycroft out of his house. Down the stairs, if need be.
He went to bed without responding to Mary’s questions, and stared at the wall while he pretended to sleep, which felt like cowardice.
He'll play along with Sherlock. Become his good toy. Until the timing is right, and then he'll gleefully put a bullet through his brain.
He relaxes marginally, leaning back into his seat. Sherlock hasn't done anything, he's just sitting closer. Besides, isn't this what he wanted? For Sherlock to get comfortable with him? God, but he really hates this plan.
As his tired brain sluggishly tried to come up with something appropriate to say, Sherlock beat him to it.
When the flames had been reduced to embers, they tallied the dead. Six to be buried, many more to be treated for burns.
And that should be enough to assure him, it really should. But suddenly John is plummeting down a pit with no footholds or bottom. All he can feel is an endless freefall that will only end messily.
garrulous,” Sherlock lamented. Jim thrusted particularly forcefully, and John’s moan sufficiently distracted them from their repartee. Jim repeated the motion, avidly watching John’s face rather than the place they were joined.
A strangled yell was pulled from John’s lips. Sherlock finally caught on, which turned out to be both a blessing and a curse. It meant the need coiling inside of him was finally being satiated. It also meant that John could no longer think beyond his own body.
“What do you mean? Have I truly been poisoned this whole time?”
conclusion comes from your dwellings. You had several stone figurines lined up along your wall. They were in varying states of shape and some were made from different colored stones. There weren’t very many, as I imagine that marble and even quartz is harder to come by than simply pilfering a water system. None of the figures bared your resemblance, so they’re not a mere hobby of carving.
John tried as hard as he could, but the memories after speaking with Jim were either clouded or missing entirely. He couldn’t remember if he’d consumed anything before his loss of time. Worse still, he couldn’t recall what had happened between oblivion and now.
Between one blink and the next his vision was filled with skeletal apparitions. All of them crowded close upon him, clawing at his skin. They wailed in a dozen screams to run, to flee, to go. John was petrified. One came close to his neck, and bit at the delicate flesh. John thought he felt tearing, and a warm gush of blood down his throat.
The argument about John’s education had faded so entirely from his mind that he was caught off guard when it was brought up. Despite everything he’d been through, the hope of broadening his horizons elated him. “What did he say?”
“Go on and take your shower, I’ll have it changed by the time I join you.” Because of course Sherlock knows that John’s going to take nearly twice as long in an attempt to scrub his mind as thoroughly as his body.
Had Sherlock actively sought to better himself, just to make John proud? Had he been trying to prove that he wasn’t an irresponsible kid with a huge brain? Or had he simply done it because John had asked him to?
He shifted Sherlock’s hand farther up, until he could look at it and lace their fingers together. He admired the difference in size. Sherlock’s fingers were long and pale, while his were short and weathered with callouses. It spoke of their different experiences. One who was still so young but so hurt by the world, and another who had been ground down by human horrors. Neither of them were done with life just yet.
Sherlock responds "I'm in accounting." There's silence, and now John's looking at him like he's either joking or insane.
John's not entirely sure if he'd actually been singing. But the thought had made him dissolve into jittery giggles for at least five minutes. The thing he hates the most about the visions is that he can't tell if he's asleep or awake in them. Sleeping is a passage of time, being aware is a way to record time. He can no longer tell if he's in the dream world or the waking anymore. The only time he's sure of either is when he can feel the metal of his coffin once more.
They were in front of John’s house. John turned off the engine, but didn’t move. He felt like if he saw Sherlock’s face, it would destroy the strange feeling of solidarity. “You turned to drugs,” John said without question or accusation.
John clearly noted the implications of being alone, because he stood up straighter, as if preparing to intimidate someone. Sherlock thought the action was suiting, John fitting himself into a role others didn’t expect of him.
His heart ached at how frequent their fights had become. He smothered any thoughts of guilt from his mind. After all, he was not being told the whole truth. He was in the right to feel frustrated. John could understand Moriarty keeping secrets from him, and even Sherlock had a right to privacy. But to be so dismissive of him, to manipulate him away from a possible answer for no discernable reason, that was an acidic contemplation.
I gave you a sense of purpose, I gave you direction. I turned your life of day to day desolation into one of constant battle. Can you honestly tell me otherwise?”
That would work. That would be fine. Vague enough that it wouldn’t alert anyone that might be eavesdropping, but it firmly stated the point to leave out any ambiguity of his meaning.
"Mrs. Hudson." John said surprised.
John shook his head amazed but how right Sherlock is about everything. Minus the mistake in the gender of his older sibling being a female, it really shocked John at just how genius of a man Sherlock is.
“How can you possibly know about the drinking?” John said flabbergasted.
“You really think that highly of me?” Sherlock asked, his face only inches from John’s.
My account has been acting weird lately because my first chapter for this story got deleted or disappeared when I tried to update this chapter so, I’m trying to fix this as best as I can! I’m so sorry for the confusion!!
"I want all personal information on the current and past tenants who have lived in these apartment buildings as well as a map of the area and some buildings." John requested.
Mrs. Hudson immediately nodded her head and John smiled at her in thanks as he stepped outside closing the door. He fished out his phone Anthea gave him and pressed the number to Mycroft's name.
“Do Omega pheromones smell dull to you? Is that why you aren’t affected by them? Or is it just that you really can’t smell them?” Sherlocked whispered pressing his nose harder against John’s scent gland.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The engraving?”
Sherlock grinned, his pearl white teeth showing as he licked his lips.
The Alpha didn't seem to believe anything John was saying, not that John was expecting him too, it was simply a distraction in order to get close. The Alpha growled one last time before trying to bite his Primary. In that moment of action, John lunged tackling him to the ground. The Alpha snapped his fangs trying to bite John anywhere, but John easily dodged his attempts as he pinned him to the ground, lying face down. John pressed his knee on the Alpha's back with pressure, as his left arm was twisted behind him. For secure measure, John took his gun tucked under his jumper from his waistband and pressed it against the Alpha's head.
Feeling the hot breath touch his neck, sent shivers down his spine. John cleared his throat again trying his best not to show his body’s reaction. It wasn’t the first time people have said this to him. Honestly, John knows he should be used to this, but it always stings at just how people think he’s a fake Alpha. A healthy fit Alpha who can’t get his dick up, much less his knot to grow, when being surrounded by desirable Omegas in heat.
"Sherlock, is he – is he alright? I saw Mr. Trevor run out in a hurry, nude." Mrs. Hudson said as John fully opened the door for her to enter. Once she saw Sherlock, unconscious on the couch, he heard her cry out in worry and rushed to his side.
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection, tiny little scruff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in the charge, but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk without them. There you go. See, you were right.” Sherlock said in a condescending tone.
To put it plainly, John and his wife don’t love each other.
John knew she was just as antsy about this job as he probably was. It wasn’t easy to find work that you loved. She returned before lunch, and offered to buy his to celebrate his lack of a cane.
Sherlock studied John's reaction, then went towards the television. He turned it on, then inserted the DVD that John hadn't had a chance to look at. Grabbing the remote, he sat down on the loveseat and waited for the thing to load. John hadn't moved an inch. He thought his mouth might have opened and closed several times, but he couldn't be sure.
Now John really has no idea what position he's in. Not that he did before, but the shifting has dizzied him more than ever. He does know he's not face down, the gravity would've had him pressed against the door. John touches his face to center himself. He's not on his front. That's a place to start. Slowly, John brings himself back from the hallucinatory panic for a short time.
Then the moment had passed, and neither of them had spoken first.
Eventually John was wedged between two bodies, unable to move from the sheer limitations of fullness to his body. He did not even twitch, unless they dictated it. Slowly and precisely, the two men moved together. One dragged themselves out while another pushed deeper.
"What?" God, did Sherlock only attract the stupid ones? Why did Jim get to have all of the witty banter?
This stops John, and he looks back at the man. He waves a beefy hand around the general vicinity of his eyes and says "Knew a man once. Had the same look as you did. Lost, alone. Barely a pot to piss in. So he turned to a lot of bad things, ended up in even deeper shit than before." He stops his speech, and takes another bite.
He snorts, and takes another greedy swallow of his tea before answering, “And Sherlock is any better?”
Sherlock sensed the sudden tenseness in John’s form and said, “Moriarty told me he spoke with you last night.”
He didn’t know where he was going, but knew that it was down. Down and down he treaded, unafraid of the unfamiliar blackness and cloistering tunnels.
But then his doctor walked out, and Sherlock felt a pang of concern when he noticed the scratches on John's body and the broken skin on his knuckles. John shouldn't do this to himself. John's pain was as much Sherlock's to control as his pleasure. If John ever felt discomfort, it was to be caused by Sherlock and no one else. His thoughts started to derail when he noticed something odd about his soldier.
Molly was very understanding and wished him well. When John hung up the phone he was blinded with paranoia. Had she heard anything strange in his voice? Had she noticed that he was in perfect health yesterday and that an onset of the flu was quite sudden? Had she overheard that Sherlock and him were going out last night, and that maybe John wanted to spend a day in bed for other reasons?
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock said.
“Weren’t you? I would expect nothing less from a recently returned swordsman. Doubtless you wish to protect your town from future calamity. Well, your scouting was for naught. I have no interest in decimating a meaningless village for sport. Unfortunately, now I shall have to consume you, as you likely won’t believe me and will send a small cavalry to come pester me.”
Next, he looks at the cameras, but doesn't glare at them. He doesn't want to give Sherlock the satisfaction of seeing him react to his surroundings. He measures the cell out in strides next, hopeful that he isn't being too obvious about it. Once he's done, he openly inspects the door. He's not sure what he's expecting, perhaps a rush of guards to force him away? But nothing happens, and John can see why no one would bother shooing him away from his only avenue of escape. The door is completely smooth, no where to suggest there had ever been a handle on this side. John's not sure how it opens, but it's definitely not from his side.
Sherlock got hurt on a case. John shows up at the hospital to make sure he's ok and surprises the yard. Surprise at the end involving Lestrade and Anderson.
About three weeks later, Lestrade had a rather confusing murder. A women, shot dead in the heart. But, she was found in her bathtub, naked with the apartment door locked, no sign of forced entry, and no one was in her apartment.  Lestrade looked through the lobby cameras and saw her enter by herself, enter and leave the elevator alone, and stumble into her apartment alone. Nobody was seen entering the apartment until her roommate arrived, found her dead, and called the police. He sighed and grabbed his phone to call the consulting detective.
Sherlock spun to look at her,
John is coming home after being medically discharged, him and a few other discharged soldiers are about to get off the plane to see their loved ones when a flight attendant pulls out a gun and holds them hostage. The Yard arrives on scene to find Sherlock pacing anxiously, waiting for his husband to be saved.
Lestrade looked at him shocked while Donovan broke out of her trance and looked at John and smiled, "Husband? Well, if you're able to stop Sherlock from deducing all of us at crime scenes than I approve" she said, smirking but without the usual bite to it. Sherlock looked at her shocked before smiling a genuine smile and whispered a small "thank you Sally", not missing the Sherlock instead of Freak. John shook hands with her and than Lestrade who stuttered out a quick "nice to meet you".
John stepped in to the doorway and stood in an 'at ease' position. "So why is there a drug's bust happening in our flat Sherlock" he said strongly. Sherlock, who had been trying, and succeeding, at ignoring the DI, now jolted up from where he had been lounging. His eyes met John's and hi flung himself of the couch, pushing the DI aside and moving quickly to his husband. Sherlock grabbed John's head and pulled him into a soft kiss, that turned more intense as John grabbed Sherlock's purple shirt and pulled him in closer. John could taste Sherlock's coffee, black with two sugars, he loses himself in the kiss, full of passion and longing, and overwhelming love.
I am not abandoning or putting for adoption and I am already working on the chapters. I will be rewriting every chapter and writing 2 more one shots and I will upload all of them at the same time.
IM SORRYYYYYY
Sherlock was sitting in his chair plucking his violin while glaring at Mycroft who sat across from him, Mycroft had come to give Sherlock a case regarding two MI5 agents. "yoohoo" Mrs. Hudson said in the doorway carrying a plate of the chocolate biscuits Sherlock loves, Mycroft gazed longingly at the biscuits and Sherlock turned to look at him and opened his mouth to ask him how his diet is going when his phone starts ringing on the table in the kitchen. Sherlock looked at Mrs. Hudson and motioned to the ringing phone, Mrs. Hudson tutted at him but went to retrieve the phone for the consulting detective, "your mother has a lot to answer for Sherlock Holmes" she said and handed him the phone, "I know I have a list" he says grabbing the phone and putting down his violin, "I have a file" Mycroft added. Mrs. Hudson walked over to turn on the kettle to make some tea. Sherlock grabbed a biscuit from the plate.
John started heading down the hall and Lestrade started to follow him, noticing that Donovan and Anderson were following behind him. they must have caught what the man said, the three of them make their way to the hospital room, when they get there they see the man hesitate at the door before opening it and stepping in.
Sherlock didn't even stop himself as he started crying, "j-john... god you scared me! Where the hell have you been?!" he cried into the phone, "shhh, it's ok love, i'm so so sorry" John replied softly, John knew that Sherlock had probably panicked when he missed their monthly phone call, "Sher... i'm sorry for missing our call last month, there was.... an ambush... near camp, i'm fine but it cut us off from communication and i was busy for days with wounded soldiers coming in" he explained. Sherlock was hugging his knees close to his body while John explained, covering his mouth with his hand while trying to keep himself calm, he was glad that John wasn't hurt but he hated that an ambush happened so close to John, HIS John's, camp. "I-i'm ok, i'm much better know that i've heard from you, but I worry that an ambush could happen closer to you... Your not allowed to get hurt remember..." He trailed off, "I know love, don't worry though only two more months remember? I'll be back in time to scold you about all the experiments and body parts in the kitchen, ok?" John said, as if talking about dirty dishes and laundry instead of... well... body parts. Sherlock looked over at the kitchen and.. yep.. there was a bag of thumbs he was currently dissecting to experiment on the muscle tissue of the thumbs, and the various acids he is studying. He blushes and vows to clean it up tonight. "I remember John, I can survive two more months" a soft laugh escapes the detective's mouth before a sad smile appears back on his face, "So, what has happened recently? How are Anderson and Donovan '
While it wasn't gruesome, it still made many officers queasy and some tears shed for the family. The officers all turned to Sherlock who was trying to ignore the call, "Oi! Freak, answer your phone already, I don't know why someone would want to call you but we don't need to hear it constantly ringing" Sally shouted annoyed at him.
This AN will be deleted after I upload everything but be on the lookout for the chapters!
John looked back out the window as the plane hit the runway.
Lestrade stood up and put his coffee in a nearby trash as he strode over to the man and receptionist. "Excuse me, I couldn't help over hearing, you said 122? I think you have the wrong room number mate" Lestrade said to the short man, the man in question looked at him in confusion and slight suspicion. "No, I am quite sure of the room number, and who are you? Why would you know whether or not I was right?"
Sherlock and John look at him before Sherlock starts laughing, followed by John. "...stop... w-we can't laugh we're in a h-hospital room" John chokes out. The laughter slowly fades off and Lestrade yanks the still moaning Anderson off the ground that had been forgotten.
When they reached the room the five stopped, Mycroft looked at his brother softly, Sherlock looked like he was holding in a sob, and the others stared at the injured man lying in the hospital bed.
"So, the freak is also a fag? Not surprised" a nasally voice said, all heads turned sharply to the owner of the voice. Anderson stared with undisguised disgust at the two, before anyone could react, Mycroft stood up and quickly punched the man roughly in the jaw.
So, after a month of worrying, Sherlock sat on the couch staring at his phone on the table in front of him, waiting for it to ring. He waits two, seven, twelve, minutes past when he was supposed to get the call when finally his phone rings. He grabs it frantically and presses answer, "John!" he cries, the voice that comes through is like air to the suffocating detective. "Hello love", John says.
he spotted him, his John, he was standing at the police tape looking around, his hair was military cut, Sherlock could see how tan he had gotten while away, he was still wearing his sand colored fatigues and he was leaning heavily on a cane...
COMMENT ANY CHAPTER IDEAS YOU WANT AND/OR WHO DO YOU WANT TO PUNCH ANDERSON IN MY CHAPTERS?
IM REWRITING
John grabbed Sherlock's hand and turned to walk away, walking briefly past Anderson when it happened. Anderson grabbed John's shoulder and tried to turn him to face him, "hey wait a second!" he said angrily, John screeched when Anderson grabbed his shoulder and fell to the floor, eyes screwed shut with pain. Sherlock quickly dropped beside John saying his name over and over. One of the soldiers that was closest tackled Anderson and restrained him.
"So, whose going to tell Mrs. Hudson why you haven't come home yet because you had to go to the hospital?" Sherlock's eyes widened.
he thought, cheering up slightly.
Even Mycroft was being less of an arrogant arse than usual, he used his "minor" position to make sure that if any John Watson-Holmes were reported injured, killed, or MIA, that he would be the first to know. Mycroft told this to Sherlock during one of his bigger panics, when he said this Sherlock surprised Mycroft. Sherlock had looked at him and and then looked back down at the floor, before softly saying "thanks Myc". When Sherlock used his old nickname from when they were kids, Mycroft vowed that if John didn't call next month, he would go down to Afghanistan himself, legwork be damned, if only to save his little brother from the suffering he is going through.
Sherlock was waiting for John's call. After not being able to talk to John last month, Sherlock had been in a constant state of worry, he spent most of his time curled up in their (John and Sherlock's) bed, hugging one of John's favorite jumpers. Mrs. Hudson would come up and bring him food and tea and would try and get him to at least take a quick shower. Sherlock had always somewhat thought of Mrs. Hudson as a second mother, and after a relapse after John had first deployed, and calling Mrs. Hudson mum, Mrs. Hudson had taken it upon herself to take extra care of Sherlock, having always thought of him as the son she never had. During that month, Mrs.Hudson would sit beside Sherlock on the bed and would run her hands through his hair to calm him down when he was worrying to much and would send himself into a panic.
Unfortunately he also saw Anderson get it, he hoped that Anderson would keep his mouth closed for once, because from the looks of Sherlock's face he couldn't handle and taunts.
~Flashback over~
John turns to look at the receding figure of the bleeding rat-faced man, and then turning back to his husband, Sherlock gazes at him, "ready to go home my soldier?". John stares at his handsome detective, "Oh god yes".
Lestrade turned to he sharply, "Sergeant Donovan watch what you say or you'll be on desk duty for a bloody week" he barked. Lestrade turned to look at Sherlock, his normal mask disappeared and his face drained and his eyes filling up with tears, getting ready to spill. Lestrade looked at him shocked, even Donovan looked at him curiously, "Freak...." she said curiously, Sherlock looked at her and drew in a sharp breath, "I need a list of all the passengers and workers, I need to know if there is a man nam-" he got cut off at the sound of a gunshot and shouting coming from inside the airplane. The officers froze and suddenly the passengers started coming out, the last was a group of soldiers, one of them yelled out to the nearby officers, "he tried to shoot our friend but he missed and our friend," he pointed to a short man with a cane who had sandy blond hair, "tackled him and knocked him out good" he finished.
The receptionist was now typing on his computer checking a card the shirt man had handed him earlier. Lestrade realized that he had never introduced himself, "My name is Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade" he calmly showed his badge, the mans eyes widened and he let out a soft chuckle, "That bloody bastard, this entire time I never knew your first name, he was always calling you Geoffrey, or Jeff, or Gavin, or other random G names" The man laughed again before grimacing as his shoulder moved, Lestrade wondered about that comment and became more suspicious.
"What i-", the short man cut him off, "oh sorry, I never introduced myself, my name is John, former captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and recently invalid home a month ago" the man said proudly with a hint of sadness in his face, Lestrade looked at him in respect and straightened his position in front of the army captain.
He stood right in front of her, "Was he short? Did he have blond hair? Was he really a soldier?!" he demanded, Sally looked shocked for a second before answering, "yes, yes, and yes because he was wearing his fatigues...." Sherlock pushed her aside before running out of the building, Lestrade and Sally looked at each other before quickly following him outside.
Lestrade groans and walks out the door with a smiling Mycroft. John and Sherlock look at each other and start laughing, Sherlock suddenly turns serious, "You need to be more careful, you should not walk by yourself anymore, at least until you are fully healed" he says strongly.
Sherlock looked at him and smirked before rapidly spouting off his deductions, "The two roommates were at their separate jobs but had plans to meet at the pub down the street, the victim is a kindergarten teacher and was already tired upon arriving at the pub, she didn't want to stay long and so she headed home early while the roommate stayed there. Halfway home she started feeling unwell, thus her stumbling and drunk appearance on camera though she only had one drink. When she got home she felt too warm so she decided to cool down with a shower but collapsed before she could turn on the water. Her roommate had poisoned her drink with extract from the Belladonna plant, she is a botanist and grew it at her work. She was jealous because her roommate was dating her best friend who she had been in love with for the past two? no, three years. When she got home she panicked and thought that they would trace the belladonna back to her so she took her gun and silencer that her father gave to her for protection and shot her in the heart to make the bullet look like the cause of death." he finishes and spins around with his coat spinning dramatically with him, "If you go over right now you can check her hands and you will find traces of gun powder on her hand and belladonna traces under her fingernails".
He looked back up to John's face and met his gaze, suddenly everything fell away and all he saw was his John. "John!" he screamed, not caring that every police officer turned to look at him, John quickly ducked under the police tape as Sherlock started running towards him. He just straightened up when he felt his Detectives tall body grab him into a back breaking hug, Sherlock started sobbing on John's shoulder while John ran his hand through the detectives hair, holding him as tight as he could, the cane already fallen to the ground. "Shhh, it's ok love i'm here now, i'm ok, and I won't be leaving again" John said softly while everyone, including a slack-jawed Donovan and Lestrade, continued to stare. Sherlock's sobbing turned into soft sniffling as he raised his head to look at his John, "Are you really not going back?" he whispered, John looked at him, his eyes starting to feel quite damp as well, "yes love, never going back, medically discharged and home for good" he said, then he grabbed the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled their lips together.
Lestrade looks between the two before straightening his posture and nodding to John, "Well we thank you for your service" he says. John blushes slightly before give him a short nod. John turns to address all the officers who have been slowly putting everything back and gotten ready to leave, "I believe you have found whatever you were looking for so if you could all bugger off, I haven't seen my husband for months and I would like to spend so 'quality' time with him" he says firmly, the officers nod, some blushing, knowing what 'quality time' meant, and they quickly fled.
Sherlock grabbed his phone and pressed answer, "hello brother dear, what is it you need?"  Sherlock replied looking back at the clock for the time and suddenly realized he only had one more hour till John arrived.
Lestrade was about ask something when they heard a familiar voice that sounded like a sick cat, "The freak can't be married! He's a freak! A psychopath! No one is sane enough to even be friends with him!" Anderson sneered. Lestrade and Donovan looked sharply at the rat faced man, John felt Sherlock stiffen beside him and John turned to stare at the man with barely contained fury.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but reached into his coat and pulled out his phone, Sherlock stared at the caller ID with undisguised annoyance. "Hello brother dear, and to what do I owe to hear your wonderful voice?" Sherlock answered sarcastically. The surrounding officers all stared at him, only Lestrade knew about him having a brother.
Suddenly Sherlock realized something, "medically discharged... wait you need to be injured to be medically discharged and it needs to be serious!" Sherlock practically screamed, John looked down at the ground bashfully, while shuffling his feet, "yah... about two days after our phone call there was a second ambush and some soldiers needed help, so I ran out but a sniper saw me and...." he trailed off a put a hand on his left shoulder. Sherlock turned more pale as John spoke before ripping off John's combat jacket, revealing a bandaged shoulder, everyone still watching looked on in shock, John cleared his throat, "the bullet missed everything important but it did shatter the clavicle so I can't be a surgeon any more..."John looked sad when he said this before continuing, "but i'm here and i'm ok love" he said smiling again while grabbing Sherlock's hand and pulling it off his shoulder. There were some men who looked at John in sympathy while some of the women had tears in their eyes. Donovan looked at John and Sherlock before finally speaking, "Well, now that your back you can keep this one out of trouble, and help stop Sherlock from deducing everything about everyone" she said exasperated, although nobody missed her calling him Sherlock instead of Freak, and everyone also noticed that Sherlock looked surprised before giving her a small smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
John's out looking for Sherlock after being discharged home without Sherlock knowing. John finally finds him at 221B in the middle of a drug's bust.
So I started this fic years ago in 2018 which, wow that was a long time ago. I was in grade 9 and shit was..... not good.
To say that Sherlock was acting crazy, is an understatement. The man was running around the crime scene, a triple murder, spitting out deductions about members of the yard left and right, with more malice than usual. Donovan and Anderson were getting the worst of it, Lestrade was trying to calm Sherlock down to no avail."For gods sake Sherlock!" Lestrade shouted "Stop being such a bloody arse and tell us how these people were killed!". Sherlock turned away from outing an officer's affair with his wife's sister and gave Lestrade a murderous glare, he stalks over to the bodies, three men, all identical, had short brown hair and were fairly tall, one was skinnier than the others and another was much more athletically built. They had each been shot in their foreheads and laid down side by side. Some teenagers had found them in the alley and called the police.
In the middle of a case, Sherlock receives a phone call from a nearby hospital. John had been home from the army for two months and was out doing the shopping when he was mugged on the way back. The officers find Sherlock and meet John in the hospital. Mycroft is a good big brother.
Lestrade looks over at Johns face and sees the disapproving gaze he gave the consulting detective. John frowned and lifted an eyebrow, as if asking Sherlock a question. Sherlock looked down guiltily and fidgeted under John's gaze. Lestrade was growing concerned about who the man was when the man started speaking sternly with barely contained anger.
......so hi.....
John walks into the room with the three trailing closely behind, John still did not notice the officers, all his attention was focused solely on the man in the hospital bed. An IV was connected to his arm and his was typing away at his phone with a look of annoyance.
"Oh dear god. I'm going to die"
When John next opened his mouth, he spoke in a calm but firm voice, "Then why did you get injured when I told you to be careful on this case Sher, do you know how worried I was when I got a call from the hospital saying you got injured?". Sherlock mumbled something and John raised his eyebrow as if telling him to repeat what he said. The officers continued to look on in confusion and grew more uncomfortable.
Donovan and Lestrade ran over to John who was still lying on the ground, his breathing rough and painful sounding. "We need to take of his coat and shirt, and we need to check his wound to make sure it hasn't re-opened" One of John's friends ordered, Sherlock gently but quickly disposed of the coat and shirt before starting on the bandages. When Sherlock finally removed the bandages there was a collective gasp.
John thought amused.
Mycroft stepped forward and brought the lanky detective into a hug. It was awkward at first but Sherlock quickly relaxed and hugged back, the hug lasted at least a moment. Mycroft put a hand between Sherlock's shoulder blades and led him slowly to a nearby room.
he thought to himself with a smirk.
"JOHN!" he shouted, making everyone turn to stare at the so called 'sociopath'. John smiled as Sherlock ran to him and was soon covered by the lanky detective in a crushing hug, though John could tell he was trying to be gentle against his left shoulder. John could feel Sherlock shaking against him and he could tell Sherlock was crying, his eyes filling as well, he pulled back just a little bit and met the detective's eyes, "hello love".
So... I've been thinking about making a separate fanfic about what happens after this scene. It will be a bonus scene about John and Lestrade meeting up at the pub and learning John and Sherlock's back story. So please comment and tell me if I should!
nice to meet you John" Lestrade says before going to walk away, "thank you Greg" Sherlock says softly, Lestrade freezes before smiling to himself and walks away to join Sally.
John and Sherlock look at each other before they start giggling, "Well...",Sherlock giggles, "at least I don't need to figure out how to introduce you two". John finishes his giggling and gives his husband a fond look. John leans forward and gives Sherlock another gentle kiss. It was peaceful in the little hospital room before John breaks the silence.
Sherlock and John smile and bring themselves together for another kiss.
Lestrade cuts him off, "Well, I see and I DO actually observe" he says still smirking.
The man beckoned Sherlock over with his uninjured arm, it seemed to break Sherlock out of his shock and he quickly made his way to the side of the bed. The others watched them surprised as they softly kissed and as they did that a necklace fell from beneath the detective's shirt.
Sherlock let go of his phone and let it drop to the floor before putting his head between his knees and putting his hands behind his head. He shut his eyes tightly and tried to control his panicked breathing, not even noticing the tears running down his face. Mrs. Hudson went to go get him some tissues and Mycroft stood up and walked over to his little brother before kneeling in front him. They were close to him and was able to hear everything the man had said. Mycroft looked a Sherlock and put his hand on his shoulder, "You need to breathe Lock, you heard the man, John will arrive in a weeks time and he will be home safe and sound" Mycroft whispered softly, the 'Iceman' appearance disappearing and 'big brother' taking it's place.
John looked out the window as the captain of the plane announced that they would be starting their descent into London. John carefully rolled his shoulders and neck, wincing as his stitches pulled slightly.
Sherlock frowned and looked at the car on the other side of the park, "Mycroft, I am in the middle of a case and have no time to deal with whatever petty problem has happened in the government" Sherlock said monotonously as he continued to assess the current crime scene.
Sherlock leaned in to give John a small kiss, "I love you" he whispered. John looked into the Sherlock's steel blue eyes, "I love you too".
. he mused, he drew his attention back to the phone, Mycroft spoke with a surprisingly softer voice than usual, "Brother dear... we have a... situation at the airport," Sherlock's eyes widened, "John's plane arrived an hour earlier than expected, when he landed it seems that a flight attendant managed to get a gun and is now holding the entire plane hostage... John included." Mycroft finished, Sherlock's gaze sharpened and he mumbled out a hasty goodbye and hung up the phone, stuffing it in his pocket, grabbed his coat and scarf and ran out the door and hailed a cab.
Sherlock kissed back eagerly, making up for the kisses they hadn't had in a long time. They finally broke apart when their lungs called for air and they looked at each other until John's gaze turned away and his face suddenly turned beat red and he buried his head into Sherlock's shoulder, "I forgot that people are bloody nosy gits" he muttered. Sherlock looked behind him to see all of the people at the crime scene were staring at the 'Sociopath' snogging a random soldier. Sherlock straightened up and grabbed John's hand tightly before picking up John's cane and handing it back to him while muttering softly to John "psychosomatic" and pulling him towards Lestrade, Sally, and Anderson who had joined the two right before the kiss. "Lestrade this is John" Sherlock said, still smiling and with tear stains on his face. Lestrade looked at him before slowly responding "...John? You've never mentioned you were with someone..." he said, still partially in shock, Sherlock and John shared a smile before John turned back to Lestrade, letting go of Sherlock's hand, only for the detective to hold on to his arm, and stuck his hand out to shake the DI's hand, "Captain John Watson-Holmes MD, formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, medically discharged, and Sherlock's husband of 6 years" John said smugly as all three of the officers froze, "husband?!" They practically screeched.
The two men blush again but Mycroft motions to the door, "Shall we, Gregory?" Mycroft asks calmly, his cheeks still slightly pink. Greg nods and starts heading out the door before quickly spinning around, "I knew you knew my name you arsehole, you can't pretend anymore!" Greg says victoriously, Sherlock smirks, "Of course George".
He arrived at London Airport a little while later, he threw some notes at the driver and ran out, he spotted some cop cars and some officers and raced over to them. As he approached he realized that one the officers were Lestrade and Sally Donovan. Sherlock let his mask of indifference slip on as he walked over to them, "Ah Lestrade, Donovan, fancy seeing you here" he smirked. They whipped their heads around, Lestrade looked at him annoyed and confused while Sally looked at him disgusted, "what are you doing here freak? Here to wait to see if their will be a murder? Always knew you were a psychopath." she sneered.
Soon the car stopped in front of St. Bart's and they got out. The four moved, three of them cautiously following the shocked man, they saw an older man standing in a posh suit and leaning against a black umbrella.
The two broke away and exchanged some soft words that they couldn't hear, Mycroft sat in one of the chairs and watched the two fondly, some times looking over at the silver haired DI, but no one except his brother saw.
Sherlock was clutching the phone tightly and his face paled even more than it already was. Mycroft was sitting on the edge of his seat staring worriedly at Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson had walked over to him and put her hand on his other shoulder. "T-thank you... uh.. wh-when is he coming h-home" he choked out, Murray told him that John would be flying home with a group of other soldiers that had been invalid home in a week. Sherlock had replied with a quick thank you and hung up.
"SHERLOCK BLOODY HOLMES! You better have a damn good excuse for being in that hospital bed with a concussion and stab wound or so help me god I will make sure Molly doesn't give you any body parts to bring home and i'll invite Mycroft over for dinner!" he barked. Sherlock snapped his head up to look at John, "NO please! John don't invite Mycroft over! He'll eat all of our food and we'll starve!" Sherlock's baritone voice rising in horror.
He had his eyes closed but opened them when he heard the door, the man had an IV, a black eye and split lip, obvious bandages around his midsection, and what looked to be an old arm sling. The officers were no consulting detectives but they could see some of an old scar through the hospital gown and could tell that it was an old injury that looked like it came from a gun.
"Well, I have to get this mess cleaned up. It was nice meeting you John Holmes, I have a feeling we'll meet again soon, possibly at the next crime scene the bugger saunters on to" Lestrade says smirking. John looks at him with mouths open, Sherlock more so, "It's John Watson-Holmes actually, but ho-"
The wound was red and angry looking, anyone could tell that it had been dug out and roughly patched. It looked like a starburst spreading out from the wound, the actual bullet wound was stitched closed. Sherlock promptly checked to make sure that none of the stitches were ripped, he let out a sigh of relief when he saw that they were all fine. He ordered a nearby paramedic for an ice pack to reduce the swelling.
Sherlock ran out of the building as fast as he could and he scanned the crowd,
He walked over to Anderson and spoke in a quiet but commanding voice that carried across the now silent crime scene. The soldiers who know John shifted and and unconsciously stood at attention, knowing that when Captain Watson-Holmes used that voice, someone was about to get their ass handed to them. "My husband is not a freak or a psychopath, and I love him very much and he has many people who care about him, and if you ever say those things about my husband again, you won't be able to eat without a straw" he finished.
"Ah Shit!" both men exclaim, Mycroft holds his hand, while Anderson sits on the floor holding his jaw. Everyone's jaws drop, Sally shakes out of it first and she winks at Sherlock and John with a fond smile before roughly yanking Anderson to his feet and pushing him out the door with an angry look.
"Myc..."
Sherlock turned on his heel and stalked away towards the road with his Belstaff coat billowing dramatically behind him, "Oi! Sherlock wait!" the DI shouted after him, Sherlock surprisingly stopped and turned to face the Inspector, "What Lestrade, I just solved you a triple murder, shouldn't you be apprehending the murderer?" he asked while waving his hand as if swatting a fly. Lestrade looked at him curiously, "are you ok Sherlock? You seem worse than usual", the inspectors face changed to that of suspicion, "your're not using again are you Sherlock?" he asked, keeping his voice low so nobody else would hear. Sherlock looked at him, his face showed indifference but his eyes shone with frustration and then..... sadness? "No Gavin, i'm not using again, I just... I was supposed to talk to someone today who is an old friend but he wasn't able to and I only get to talk to him once a month" he said softly, Lestrade's eyebrows rose in surprise, "Sherlock I've told you it's Greg, but anyways, i'm sorry about that, but i'm glad to know your not using again" he finally managed to get out. Sherlock looked at him and gave a small, sharp nod before turning and disappearing into a black cab.
Two officers ran into the plane to fetch the man, Lestrade turned back to Sherlock but the detective was staring at the short blond soldier, his friends noticed and nudged him pointing to Sherlock. The soldier looked up and his eyes met Sherlock, he suddenly broke out of the trance he was in and started running towards the soldier.
The officers watched as he listened to the voice on the other side and quickly stood and walked towards the black car, his legs slightly buckled for a second, Donovan and Lestrade went to his side and helped walk him to the car.
When John had perused through the treasure himself, he’d found several trunks full of highborn women’s clothing. At first, Sherlock had encouraged John to wear the dresses. It wasn’t due to deviancy, for Sherlock wasn’t shy with his motives. “I want to see what you’d look like in the colorful hues that are only afforded to those privileged with wealth, but who are also incredibly undeserving of it.”
"What were your words? Ah, yes. 'Drugging me bores you.' Very astute John, although you would have been far more accurate if you had said sedatives instead of using the generalization. After all, I'm only bored when you're not...responsive." He says that word like a caress, and he yanks John up by his hair until he's sitting on his knees.
Sherlock snorted, “Please, as if I would have left such an obvious trail if I was disposing of a murder.”
He moves to face John, kneeling and looking at him through his dilated blue eyes. His face is flushed from arousal, and he's unknowingly licking his lips. His eyes focus on Sherlock, and he is able to manage a half-heated glare. Sherlock grins, patting John on the cheek. "That was marvelous John. I thank you." He glances conspiratorially between John's legs. "Oh, I don't suppose there's anything you want to ask of me before I go?" John's eyes flash and promise murder, and Sherlock shivers in delight. This is turning out better than he could have ever hoped for.
John’s face twisted with the anger beginning to take root as assumptions swirled in his head, “Why won’t your parents buy food then?”
John sighed and closed his eyes. He already knew he was an arse, but he was slowly beginning to see that it wasn’t a recent development.
By the time John had finished his drink and the one gifted to him by the bartender, he gave the venture up as a lost cause. He would have to try again, after he had established himself as a member of the community as much as the residents who had inhabited this area for decades. John had no intentions of becoming a recluse whose only company was that of his own household and the stiff decorum of occasional high society congregations.
"Sh-Sherlock," John tries it out, and he loves the way the name resonates in the room, "aren't you, um, uncomfortable?" Both men blink in surprise. Oh, of course. Of course John's first concern is that his crush should be enjoying himself. Sherlock chuckles, while Jim watches with a small grin.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I really wouldn’t worry about it. Since Mycroft did this, I’m quite certain he has contingencies for his backup plans should someone feel they need a quick headline story with my smeared name attached to it.”
For once he was glad for having spent so much time within the mansion. He knew these halls almost as well as the original residents. The only people who surpassed his knowledge was most certainly the staff. He listened for any approaching footsteps, but all were fast asleep.
"Well, that was interesting. I didn't think it would take affect so soon. I had it pegged for at least a minute before you felt the symptoms." John really only hears about half of that. In between the concentration of his burning body, his head feels like it's been submerged under water. His eyes itch and his tongue feels heavy.
John didn’t register her words until she began to crawl towards the sludge beside them. Aghast, John rushed forward. “Harry, no!”
The bell rings, and everyone bolts out the door. All to either pat themselves on the back or to curse their teacher into a dark oblivion without him overhearing.
John ran across the frozen ground into the mansion. A quick glance at a longcase clock told him he had minutes to get back to the study to return the keys, sequester the evidence, and get into bed without Sherlock noticing his absence.
“I’m fine, Mary, really.” John tried to reassure her. Something ugly buzzed at the back of his mind that he didn’t want to have to explain everything to her. He just wanted to rest. But that was beyond unfair to her.
Sherlock doesn’t stop moving, but there’s an awkward pause while he tries to parse out what John means, and manages an impassive but questioning hum.
The gargoyle looks surprised that he figured it out so quickly and nods, "Helps with healing too, mostly." He raises a hand absently to his scarred shoulder. He almost immediately stops and lowers it back to his side.
Previous Warnings Still Apply, Additional: Painplay/Bloodplay, Toys
Sherlock's going to have to ask Jim for advice.
“Truth is never confined to one confession, followed by a return to normalcy John,” Harry conspired in a voice of reeking meat. “It goes on and on and on. Endlessly spiraling until you reach the yawning depths of depravity.” When her fingers trailed the old path down to his wrist, she hooked under his skin with an ivory claw, and dug a shallow track.
The preparation John receives is quick and perfunctory. Two fingers have barely stretched him open before they’re being replaced by the flared head of Sherlock’s dick.
Tentatively, the hand returns to rest against his turned shoulder. Slowly, Sherlock begins moving the hand in small circles, feeling the breaths wrack through John's body. He moves on to his back, the warm pressure traveling from John's shoulders to the middle of his back. Trying to sooth him as Sherlock would a skittish animal.
Sherlock sighed in exasperation, but John could see the same twitch at the corner of his lips that meant he was also trying not to smile.
Sherlock smiled at him, and John tried not to find it endearing. He didn’t need to make himself an even bigger pushover.
Sherlock hissed to himself as he flew down corridors.
As time ticked by, John started noticing his sweltering need for water. The coffin was stifling, and his sweat had been running in rivulets across his chest and back. Every pant for air was a new torture. At least in his old cell, he had never wanted for thirst. It was now only becoming slightly frightening that he was even making comparisons.
John huffed, and tried to see if he could thrust himself upwards to spite him. All he managed was an ineffectual wiggle that only intensified his desire. John’s head hit his pillow, and he murmured curses at any deity who had gifted him both such a wonderful and maddening man.
John wipes his hand over his forehead and mouth, tasting salt. He knows one thing. Whatever this is, it won't last for long.
‘One word’
John's breath slows, and everything narrows when he sees the man come running down the alley. The stranger stops, obviously confused over where John could've possibly gone. He creeps down, attempting to be silent. There's a skip across from where John is standing, and the man peeks into it. He tries to check behind it, and the man is looking directly at John for a split second, but he still doesn't see him. He can't budge the thing from his side, so he goes around to see if there was a gap that John tried to squeeze through. It brings his back directly to John.
Sherlock situates the device back against his prostate, and moves to the side of the couch with easy access to John's shoulder wound. His fingers inspect the mottled skin at leisure, dipping and diving into the crests and wrinkles like a spelunker. He traces the perfect circle where the bullet entered, and leans down to press it gently with his lips. The puckered flesh is like a second mouth, and Sherlock snogs it thoroughly.
John panted as the rush of unspent adrenaline washed through him. He faced the door again, but it was as placid as a lone pond. The voices had disappeared as swiftly as ripples disturbing the surface.
I HAVE SCHOOLWORK TO DO WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?!*Day Four*
The king sighed in a way that was only audible to his nuisance of a brother, “She may work in the kitchens. If she’s half as capable as you are, she’ll have no trouble adapting, I’m sure.”
Sherlock snorted. "Can't see where he got that impression. You do know that you also just accurately described a firecracker, not a sociopath gone criminal lord?"
"Yes, Sherly, and Johnny-boy is definitely going to take your word for it." Jim rolled his eyes at Sherlock.
John laughs. Sherlock greedily covets the fact that they could be in a room packed with people and only he could hear John’s laughter in this moment.
"Sherlock, we're not spending a night out at a pub just so we're isolated from other people." Silver eyes flick to John, finally turning away from the glowing screen.
"Oh, if you think for one second that we are going back to that cesspool you are sorely mistaken. We're leaving. Now." Sherlock grips him painfully by the wrist before John has a chance to protest. Sherlock unlocks the door and suddenly he's being hauled through a crowd of people. He doesn't fight him, not now. Causing a scene here will only make things worse. But his indignant anger is still present, even though John knows it will hardly help him at this point. He follows Sherlock closely, almost in step with his pace. This is hard to do considering the man is probably part giraffe. Any lagging on his part will hardly endear him to his captor.
John swallowed his bile, and before he could reach for his house key, Sherlock grabbed him by the arm.
Jim blinked before he smiled softly, “You are more than welcome John.” He strode off towards Sherlock with a lighter gait. Sherlock stared at Jim in an odd combination of astonished and suspicious.
Which sets off more alarm bells in his head, but damn it he can't look a gift horse in the mouth now. Not now. He's searching frantically for an exit. He's got no idea if he's supposed to go up or down but, wait. No windows. Anywhere. He's underground.
He brings his other foot up without being asked, and is rewarded with a praising swipe across his shoulders. The hand remains, while the other one turns something, judging by the sounds. Suddenly, John is being drowned.
With his free hand, he tilted John’s chin up so he could stare directly into those blue eyes. Sherlock could see defiance there, but it was largely overrun by resignation to his personal desires. Either the boy had seen the sense in Sherlock’s words, or his own body had taken precedent. Deciding the reasoning didn’t matter, Sherlock easily slid his mouth over John’s.
It disappeared from John’s sight to press against his hole. It was the most unyielding thing John had ever experienced. Even as relaxed as his body was forced to be, it still pushed against his walls. He had the mind to be grateful that the metal studs were polished smooth, but they still served to create little nudges and bumps that unspooled his mind like a loose thread.
"Who are you?" John snarled, "What are you doing here?" He congratulated himself on how in control he appeared, how intimidating he seemed. Inwardly, he was panicking so badly he was nearly losing his mind. How did this human find him? Was it an accident? Was he being hunted? How many more were there? Was he surrounded? What was he looking for if not him? Oh, Empty Winds, what if this man was just suicidal and he'd picked the wrong (right?) time to try and jump?
John’s back to clawing at the sheets. The prickles along his skin and in his crotch turn into more intent waves of pleasure. His mind goes white with primal panic over what’s going to happen when he comes.
“You, however,” Sherlock said, “have attacked Moriarty and I, have fled into the dead of a blizzard night in a screaming rage, have acted as though your very shadow was a spy turned against you by unknown forces. You have not been yourself since you entered this mansion. If there has been any crime I committed John, it is that I was too blinded by my love for you to realize how ill you’ve become.”
again,” said the stranger above him.
And suddenly John can feel the fullness in his bladder like a weight pressed on top of his stomach. John shivers in his amplified need to relieve himself.
But that quiet part speaks up again; to say that accepting wouldn’t really be as repulsive as he’s trying to convince himself. Despite the rocky beginning, he’s actually been enjoying this night. And maybe dancing will help prolong this feeling of normalcy he’s been shielding like a candle in a storm. Oh, he knows that this is just temporary. He knows that soon he will go back to analyzing every interaction with Sherlock to make sure he comes out in one relatively whole piece. But now, right now, maybe he can just feel like he’s celebrating something. He can pretend. He’s become rather skilled at lying to himself.
John exited the carriage with a hesitant smile of his own. “It’s good to see you Jim, especially considering the night we’ve had.”
He would have to rephrase some things, but that was his only option. Ultimately though, it would be Sherlock’s decision. He could very well decide that he never wanted to see John again. Which he would respect to the best of his abilities. It would gut him, but he would do it.
John hid his grin by wiping at his mouth with a napkin. Politely, he nodded in understanding.
“You’re always insistent that I need someone to watch out for me. That I should find someone who will, how did you put it,” Sherlock sneered, “’curb my eccentricities’? Let him get used to me and my…temperament, and I’m certain he’ll make a halfway decent bodyguard when he ages. You wouldn’t trust anyone you’d simply paid with coin anyway. You want loyalty, and I think you’ve found someone that fits your indecently high expectations.”
John strangles a groan with little success. As John’s eyes squeeze shut and his hips start to jerk, Sherlock pulls away both of his hands.
His mind screamed at him to turn back, to flee, to gather able bodies and either evacuate the town or drive the beast away. He remained still. Inexplicably, he began to crawl forward.
John can only roughly guess how much this ensemble costs. It's somewhere above his entire year's pay from his old job at the clinic, and roughly below a Lamborghini.
Gritting his teeth, Sherlock leaned in to hear what he had to say.
Sherlock gathers all of his supplies, and goes back to John. During John's imprisonment, he has not only been working. Sherlock has also been researching. Extensively. He could've just left John in the box like usual, taken him out periodically for breaks. But that leaves too much to chance. John needs isolation. The physical needs of his body had been an oversight. One Sherlock intends to rectify.
John nearly stopped her. The words were on his tongue. By the look on her face, she wanted to be reminded of why they were both standing on ugly carpeting only two steps apart from one another. Why the house had framed
Warning: Humping, Hand Jobs, and a bit more bathroom play but not as bad as last time I swear it.
“Fine by me,” John said as he locked the door.
There wasn’t anything he could do. He had said his piece. He had decided this was the best thing for the both of them. For a very large number of reasons, he could not allow Sherlock to entertain the idea that they could have a romantic relationship. That was the right thing to do.
But then the stranger's eyes lit up again, and the feeling was chased away. "But I suppose that would fit your physique, trying to carry your weight would undoubtedly put an incredible strain on your back muscles."
However, the steadily rising winds and the thick sheets of snow soon cancelled those plans. Sherlock had travelled by a single horse in his urge for swiftness, and Hope was still nowhere to be found.
A meaty hand clapped down hard enough on John’s wounded shoulder that he winced. Sherlock tensed, but John spoke before he could do anything, “Yes, yes we are, thank you. Are you Angelo then?”
"Sure," John goes for nonchalance, and almost pulls it off with a hand around his neck, "but how long would you be able to keep it up?" Sherlock's eyes narrow.
Sherlock, in the mean time, has managed to adequately complete one experiment. It's not nearly as fascinating or satisfying as the one currently writhing on his sheets, but it did offer valuable insight into the decay rate of human eyeballs in sulfuric acid. He'll have to try it on living tissue next time.
Jim grinned a little wider, “Well spotted Johnny, but no. I happened to see you head towards the greenhouse close to the middle of the night and thought you could use some company. Unless you would prefer I-” He made a motion as if to move towards the door.
way sire,” John argued in the face of Sherlock’s leer.
"I'll be back tomorrow. I need to reapply for a few days."
"Any funny business and I'll have you on your arse before you can blink, got it?" The man waves the bat, and John nods his agreement. It's blessedly warm inside, and John realizes why he hadn't noticed a sign. He's at the back of the restaurant, in the kitchens. Everything is clean, but not overly so. Grit and stains from ages ago still cling to everything, but it hardly deters John from the smell coming from the stove.
“John! Thank God, you’re safe!”
He would deal with that as it came. Right now, he needed to see Sherlock.
They continue to talk through dessert with John trying to find out if all of his leftovers have been hijacked. Just as John’s arguing that pizza can never taste bad and therefore no pizza is ‘better’ than the other, the music softly playing over the hidden speakers becomes slightly louder, and the tempo changes.
Sherlock moans, lost in it all. It's only then that he realizes his eyes are closed, and he wrenches them open, mad at himself for ever having lost John's expression at their first kiss.
Sherlock huffed, but didn’t disagree.
He laughed hard enough that his nose started to bleed again. John fumbled for some more tissues, handing them over while he asked with a bemused grin, “What’s so funny?”
XXX ~Jim."
“Comforting,” John wryly said.
He didn’t want to lose focus on Sherlock. He didn’t want to look away for a moment. Even if this ended in rejection, he wanted to remember every expression he might possess, if this was to be the last night they would see each other.
Sherlock looked stricken. John had a moment to regret his words before Sherlock fired back with vitriolic fervor, “What could you possibly do with a medical degree? I’m sure you’d be of great use when the gardener is careless with his shears or the local rabble catches a chill. If you are so desperate to feel needed, then perhaps you could waste your time in a more productive fashion by studying to become an archivist, and organize all of the books you senselessly disarrange.”
“Moriarty,” Sherlock called for his attention with annoyance in his tone.
John smiled and squeezed her hand, “Could you find out what room he’s in? It’s not going to go smoothly with the staff otherwise, since we’re not related.”
An orgasm will only aid him for so long, and the endorphins will only intensify the burn. But John will have no choice but to seek out stimulation, as it is the one thing that his mind can recognize as a quick-sure way of relief. This may be Sherlock's best idea yet.
? What was wrong with him?
Sherlock's cock disappears by centimeters. He's reverent in the way John's body is clenched around him, swallowing him. He's hard pressed to decide which is better, the sight of John enveloping him, or the sensation of it. When he's fully bottomed out, Sherlock stops. He wants to close his eyes, to lose himself in the raw feeling. But he adamantly refuses, watching John shiver and twitch beneath him helplessly. God, reality is always better than the fantasy.
Jim actually did look surprised then, "The great Sherlock Holmes? Blindsided by his new little pet?" Jim wasn't actually being mocking, he was genuinely befuddled.
Jim laughed at his outburst. “I take your meaning, but trust me, you are essential to him. Forgive my saying so John, but I do know him a bit more than you do. Oh, you’re well on your way to knowing his inner self as adeptly as I have, but some things are still hidden from you.”
"Two lunch specials, if you please. No desserts, and water will be fine." The man nodded gratefully and went to deliver the order. Mycroft turned back to his unruly brother, who still hadn't ceased staring out the window.
He hears the click of guns loading and snarls at the line of men, eyes glowing white. They all take a step back from the sight. Their hesitation is enough, and he slithers forward, too quick for them to aim. One by one, he breaks their necks until they fall limp onto the stone.
Sherlock adds a third finger, and John groans into the carpet. He’s not sure if he’s becoming impatient with the pace, or if it makes him unbelievably terrified that Sherlock is even capable of something this tender, but John finally pushes his lower body back onto Sherlock’s fingers without waiting.
“Goodnight Sherlock,” John said as he stepped into his house without looking back. He had hoped, selfishly, that maybe they could go back to the way things were before tonight. But now John wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock moved to a different house by the end of the week.
This time, John does scream.
With a few shaky breaths, his shoulders ease back down, and his wings flutter behind him. He's not...better. But he's not about to go on a frenzied revenge kick either.
John's not sure if it's paranoia, but the way he says 'yet' makes John greatly wish he never meets Jim.
Sherlock looked deeply stricken. Jim made a hiss of reproach, “Don’t talk so Johnny! You’re not anything like them. They were all boring, dull, and predictable people. You, however, have been nothing but surprising,” Jim grinned as though the words were meant to be the highest compliment possible.
It tastes no different from others, perhaps a bit cleaner than army showers could allow. With the blindfold on, he can't tell if it's the largest cock he's had to swallow. He does know that it rests heavily against his tongue. Thanks to the stretching of the gag his lips are unable to wrap around it. Nonetheless, he gags from the intrusion. The result is an amass of spit that leaks from the sides of his mouth.
