“I’m not good enough for you.”
Tony’s gaze shifted up to Steve, his face puzzled. “What?” He looked back down at his arm. “No. No I’m...I’m good.”
“That was rude.”
“How do you think?”
When he walked into the space he was surprised to find Tony working on Bucky’s arm. The two sat chatting about circuits and rerouting servos to produce a greater efficiency when the arm was moved in a series of quick motions. Tony prodded at a few different areas of the arm and then voice recording any reactions that came as a result of the stimuli. Steve watched the two as they moved through a set of tests until Tony gave a quick ‘ahah!’ after Bucky winced due to a jab somewhere around the wrist plates.
Pepper fixed Tony with a look that promised pain if he was messing around with her. “Fine.” She turned her attention to Steve. “I wish Tony would stop talking so much.”
Sam clipped the protective body armor Tony had made them all into place. “The robot. We found coordinates on his screen. Thor says they’re the warehouse’s coordinates. Either Tony went back there on his own or he was taken again. Either way, he’s in danger.”
“But Tony, this isn’t just about doing what you think others will expect of you! This is also about pursuing your dreams, doing what you want to with your life! Taking risks and making sacrifices for your art because that’s what you’re passionate about.”
“Because I like you. I like you a lot.”
The pleasant feeling only double, triple, quadrupled when Tony placed his hand over top of Steve’s where it rested on the gear shift. “Really, Steve. Thank you.” Steve’s mouth went dry, any words he’d hoped to say falling away faster than he could keep up with.
“Steve, tell her you’re a genie.”
High school was almost over. Just one more semester and they'd be away from these idiots forever. She might not be best buds with Steve, but they were still friends and he was the last person to deserve scorn from anyone else in that god forsaken school.
As Sam spoke, Steve noticed Tony steadily losing color until his face was ashen. “That’s not—“
Steve ignored the flirtation and focused on the more important aspect which was that there was a tiny robot running amok in his home. “Why?”
“What do you want, Tony?”
Tony’s mouth snapped shut and he gave Steve a quick look that he hoped was subtle but still read as SHUT UP RIGHT NOW. Steve lifted his eyebrows but didn’t say another word.
“Rhodey! Are you here just to see me off? You shouldn’t have, sugar cone!”
This was it. It was over. He’d fucked it up. He’d made Steve angry. He’d hurt Steve and he knew the things he said would hurt Steve but he didn’t make himself stop. How was he ever supposed to earn Steve’s forgiveness?
“Lovely as always to see you too. Notice how I started off with a nice to see you rather than demanding to know why I wasn’t somewhere I should have been or something I missed because another thing took precedence.”
“We will. We’re both pretty good at going after what we want.”
Tony laughed at that and scooted down so he could lay next to his boyfriend. “You really are. And I am okay with that.”
Steve folded his hands in front of him on the table. “So. It’s nice to officially meet you two. Tony’s talked a great deal about you all.” Steve watched a flush heat along the back of Tony’s neck and forced himself to focus elsewhere. “I’d also like to thank you for your discretion regarding today, and I hope we can agree that it would be best if things remained as private as possible from here on out.”
“Well sorry that mine wasn’t so fancy. I think it’s still edible though.”
The blond thought about it and then gave Bucky and Natasha a small smile. “We’ll see.”
“Well that explains a lot,” Steve responded.
“Yeah! Neither did I!” Steve shot back. “You play the hand you’re dealt and strategize. No, this isn’t a war that everyone is aware of. It’s in the background, it’s everywhere, but it’s quiet and there is more at stake than you might have ever realized. We work together and then we move on to the next thing.”
“No more talk about vomit, Tony. This is supposed to be fun. Besides, there are plenty of other parents here and I found a good place for us to get a little privacy if you’re interested.”
“One time. Just one time and suddenly that’s your default assumption afterwards. What hooker even wears clothes like that?”
“Roger that, already on it” Sam replied. “Bucky, you see anything from down there?”
Bucky didn’t question the order, just fumbled for his pocket, grabbed the plugs and shoved them into his ears. When Steve was sure Bucky was secure he got to work flipping the cover open with his thumb and roughly jabbing down on the button there. The effect was instantaneous; all the guards around them going rigid for a few seconds, faces pale, veins bright blue against their skin, right before their legs gave out and they dropped to the ground unconscious. Steve just made out a trickle of blood from a couple of guards noses and ears before averting his eyes.
Bruce sighed, opening up his first aid kit to pull out a few things he needed to get to work fixing Tony’s cuts. “This might sting a little.”
“You’ll see,” was all Steve said. “Go get changed into something not covered in oil and grease, okay? If there’s anything left that you haven’t stained.”
This was a liar. A monster. A cheat.
“In case you haven’t noticed, Tony, I don’t know much of anything about you other than the fact that you’re part of the Avengers and probably one of the most amazing piano players I’ve ever seen.”
“I told her to,” Tony cut in, “and she wasn’t selling them. Unlike you.”
“But make-up sex is always part of that plan, right?”
“I was kidnapped, yeah, but I was distanced from everything that was happening here. I wasn’t entirely sure how you guys were handling things.”
If Tony could have smiled he would have.
“So do you have a lot of crazy trips like this?”
Normal day in the Stark Manor.
Steve shook his head, chuckling bitterly. “So then what we have. That’s just part of your hobby? I have my art, but I am that guy who’s in a band. That guy who needs to grow up. Am I just some phase to you? Something you’ll grow out of?”
"He brought it on himself," Slimeball retorted.
Steve chuckled a little. “Have you fallen asleep at the piano before?”
“But you do know of it. The way he is. His track record with...dating in general.”
“Tony, I don’t—“
Tony rolled his eyes toward the ceiling and sighed. “At least Nuts-N-Bolts was able to warn you. He’s gonna need a promotion for that one.”
Once upon a time Tony had lived in a suite near the top of his tower which also served as offices for Stark Industries.
Steve frowned and his gorgeous blue eyes looked sad. Tony knew this move. Tony had perfected this move years ago. He has it on good authority that he has huge brown puppy dog eyes that people can’t resist. So he knew what Steve was doing.
“Amazingly none at all. I’m starting to think you don’t love me anymore.”
“Hey. Steve?”
Tony smiled again. “Nice to meet you, Steve.”
Steve startled when Tony spoke again, had forgotten the other man was there. “Command Sergeant Major Nuts-N-Bolts is not a dog, Captain. He’s a living, breathing--well, okay, he’s not exactly living and breathing but he’s slightly sentient and using a leash would be just rude.”
“Well I would.” The blond snapped his mouth shut and waved a hand at the genius. “You know what? Forget it. I’d hate to take up anymore of your time since you obviously don’t want to spare any for me...us.”
Pepper psshed and flipped her hair over her shoulder. “Everyone knew. All the girls at the reception desk had a bet going. They thought you were having really hot orgies down there.”
Tony wanted to breathe a sigh of relief. Pepper was okay. She was alive.
Steve used his other hand to cup Tony’s cheek. “I suppose I have my work cut out for me then. You’ll believe it one day, mister.”
Steve was in the art room, working on a charcoal piece for his final project. The drawing itself was a blurred image rather than anything with specific detail, but the fact he was rendering his best friend onto the paper didn’t go unnoticed. Even though they had fast become friends, Tony had always seemed to be one step ahead and just out of his reach.
Steve bit his lip to stop himself and shook his head. “No. Yes. You’re such an idiot.”
Tony made no move to speak and Steve moved until he stood in front of the door. “How about this. Neither of us are leaving this room until you speak up, and trust me when I say I have nowhere else to be.”
“Tony, stop. Will you stop?”
Tony interjected. “Good. Great. That’s wonderful. I like you too. We should go on a date.”
Steve sat in the teacher’s lounge, looking through his students’ self-portraits while the television hummed in the background.
When Steve did return a few hours and one demolished punching bag later, Tony was asleep again, face scrunched up a bit. Steve sat down in what had become his chair, reached over and smoothed out the creases on Tony’s face until they were smooth and his face slack. Steve sighed contentedly, thumb brushing Tony’s cheekbone gently until he felt his own eyes drifting closed.
“Someone who is always wrapped up in his work?”
“Well that’s like an invasion of my privacy or something,” he retorted weakly.
“What the fuck am I supposed to do here, huh? Twiddle my thumbs?”
"Uh..."
The next morning, when Steve woke up, neck bent at an awkward angle, he felt around with his hand, expecting to find the warmth of Tony’s body but feeling nothing but cool sheets and a discarded blanket.
The glare Tony shot Coulson was powerful enough to level a large city.
“Great. Good. Be here Thursday. It’ll be ready. I need to go finish this now.” He raised the device and wiggled it a little for emphasis.
Steve peered at the holographic image in front of him as it slowly spun around so he could see it at all angles. He had a pinched look between his eyebrows and Tony was losing confidence.
JARVIS’s voice was sure. “I have detected no other bodies on this floor, sir.”
“You better believe it. So get up.”
Tony began eating his hot dog and rested comfortably next to Steve. They were both sitting in silence for a long while before Tony spoke up again.
This answer surprised Tony because Steve was always hesitant about showing his work to anyone, including Tony. He always said his drawings were never finished, never ready to be seen by others. Reaching for the book, Tony swallowed only somewhat nervously because the complete look of trust on Steve’s face was just another precious moment, a time when the soldier was telling the genius he loved him and trusted him enough with things he generally preferred to keep private.
“What’s up, Pete? You okay?”
“So what do we need to do?”
Tony picked himself up from Steve’s lap and then held out a hand for the blond, pulling him up and kissing him hard before leading him toward the bathroom so they could attempt to clean up. Steve was silent as they made their way in and didn’t speak again until they were both washing their hands off.
“I’m supposed to grant wishes for you and you’re letting me make all the choices.”
Steve laughed silently, his body shaking. “I froze right before I got to the water. The Hulk saved you and I froze. The water, the cold, I couldn’t…”
Tony stayed quiet, observing Bruce closely while he checked his heart and such like a normal doctor would. He was swinging his tiny legs back and forth, eyes constantly darting around for any signs that he might be getting an unwanted shot.
Tony lifted his eyebrows. “That statement doesn’t particularly make me want to sleep, Captain.”
He yanked off his shirt and pants, nearly breaking his neck in the process since he’d not bothered with taking off his shoes. This was just too much for him so he fell onto the bed and promptly passed out, not even hearing the chime on his phone.
Tony looked just slightly smug. “Thought so. Imagine my complete surprise when they interrogated me about ‘The Captain’ and his ‘Howling Commandos.’ Or when they asked me how long exactly I’ve been doing dirty work for Steve Rogers, who, as it turns out is The Captain.” Tony took a deep breath and narrowed his eyes. “I think there are just a few things you guys might have left out those times you had me working on your soldier friend’s arm.”
“You’re not going to leave, are you? I want you to stay. Everyone leaves.” Tony wasn’t looking at Steve when he spoke, and he was speaking in a near whisper.
Natasha understood the dismissal and disappeared. Tony shook his head and went back to his game.
Clint chuckled. “Now would be a great time for Thor or the Hulk to drop in and save your back by carrying that beam.”
“How can you say that it wasn’t?”
Steve tore into the pack. “That’s an understatement.” He shoved a cracker into his mouth and handed them back to Tony. “We should probably ration these at least.”
It was to rile him up, he could tell by the way Stark would smile excitedly if Steve so much as huffed in annoyance. Bucky had assured him that he could handle the rest of his appointments alone if Steve needed a break from it all, but Steve always turned down the offer. Bucky was his best friend, even if he didn’t need to be there, he wanted to. And, okay, he could admit that as much as Tony annoyed the hell out of him at times, he was also a very attractive man and sometimes Steve really enjoyed the cocky little smile that would show up anytime Steve responded to a particularly out there flirtation. It didn’t mean anything really, because Steve didn’t even have the time to seriously contemplate something so time consuming as a relationship, let alone with a quick witted, loose tongued, smart ass kid.
Steve gestured for Tony to follow him, out the door, past the guards and to his car. They drove in what was mostly silence, peppered only by Tony’s period question of where they were going followed by Steve’s never wavering answer of ‘you’ll see’, though the other man did spend most of his time staring out the passenger side window in apparent reverence. Time passed quickly as familiar landmarks gave way to scenery Steve only saw a few times a year if that. Even Tony stopped asking where they where they were going about halfway to their location, instead resting in his seat and watching everything disappear in a blur as they drove pass.
Tony made a face. “Stop reading through the bullshit.”
“I don’t care! You’ve got too much going on now!”
“Tony?”
The Avengers all had their tactics; Clint was always obnoxiously throwing things at Tony from a distance, Natasha crept in and stared him down until he backed out of the room like the giant coward he was, Bruce always ended up distracting him with other science-y things that were not anywhere near his workshop, J.A.R.V.I.S. alerted Tony anytime Thor was coming close, especially when he was carrying his hammer.
“Hello, kids! My name is Mister Steve. If you have any questions, just raise your hands but try not to talk over each other. Now, let’s make sure we have our listening ears on,” he said, grabbing his ears and pretending to turn them on. What a dork.
Steve’s suspicion hiked up another level, eyes narrowing. “Why?”
“It must have really cut into your wedding planning time,” Steve said with a grin.
Besides, trying to balance a new variable into his already busy and hectic schedule would be a pretty bad idea. If he asked Pepper to micromanage anymore than she already was she would most likely pull her hair out and demand a raise. Tony loved Pepper. She was awesome. If she wasn’t around his life would be a complete mess. Pepper was a saint. She deserved a raise just for putting up with him and his eccentricities.
They sat in companionable silence for a moment.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You talk too much, Clint. Plus you guys were badgering us to do it so technically you dug your own grave.”
Steve notice it right away and felt the blush on his face, hoping it just blended in with how flushed his face already was. “I just...sorry. That was...I’ve never.” Tony’s smirk was not helping him feel any less embarrassed. “I’ve never done that with another man. I’ve never done that before with anyone.”
A knock on his door pulled him out of his thoughts and he stood up to open it. Tony let himself in before Steve reached the door though and paused awkwardly.
The blonde did laugh at this and reached out to ruffle Tony’s hair without even thinking about it. “Yes, I know. You’re very smart.”
“Can you guys not do it in front of us at least?”
Obie stopped, his face going carefully blank.
“You’re his father. I would expect so.”
Tony gave him a lopsided smile and a short wave, wincing slightly with the motion. This man looked nothing like anyone was used to seeing him, and that included all the publicized scandals caused by his various indiscretions. The billionaire before him wasn’t the handsome young man the world was used to, no, this Stark’s hair was disheveled beyond resembling a rats nest, his face appeared to be one giant bruise interlaced with a few cuts, most prominent the few next to his right eye, the split in his lip and the much larger gash still sluggishly bleeding at his temple. His clothing was tattered and torn, dirty and covered in blood both old and new, and he had what appeared to be a torn up shirt acting as a sling for his left arm. Steve held back a slight wince, could just imagine the other injuries hiding beneath the ratty garments still covering a majority of his thinner than usual body.
Tony half smiled and turned his head to look at his boyfriend.
The red head lifted one eyebrow slightly. “I think you should. He’s one of the best.”
He struggled to sit up in the hammock when his hand slipped through one of the holes and then a foot got caught as well, which caused him to fall rather spectacularly from the cursed thing. He was going to make a different bed this time.
“Well you’re still a huge smart ass so you can’t be that nervous. I’m sure she’ll be swooning in no time at all, Bucky.”
Steve took a seat on a nearby bench and sighed heavily, shoulders slumping as he focused on the sidewalk beneath his feet. Eventually Tony came to sit next to him.
Tony’s heart clenched painfully in his chest.
“Fear not, Steven. The Man of Iron cares greatly and I believe he would join us if you requested it of him.”
Steve laughed. “Bye.” He smiled at Tony and gave him a look that Tony wasn’t completely sure he understood. “See you around, Tony.”
“Whatever you say, Tony.”
“You think you do?”
When Tony was finished with his much needed shower and beard trimming, he put on a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt before making his way out of his bedroom. Reaching the common area, he found Steve staring silently out the windows, hands pressed against the glass like a child who was seeing such a view for the first time. It stood to reason that this probably was his first time seeing something like this. After a moment he cleared his throat and the genie turned around. If he was startled at all he didn’t show it. Tony noted the same look on Steve’s face that he’d briefly witnessed on the island and wondered what was going through the blond’s head.
“Yeah.” Tony sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. “The concerts, the performances, playing the piano...this is my career and it’s my priority.”
Tony shrugged. “Umm, it depends. Sometimes I am gone for just a few days. Sometimes they are here in the United States. Sometimes I’m stuck in another place for a whole week doing one show after another.”
Tony gave Steve a confused look.
“Steve…” Tony trailed off, voice just as soft, hand reaching out to brush along the fabric at Steve’s waist when---
“Do you want me to pay you for it? I can do that.”
Tony yanked away from Steve with more strength than he usually displayed. “I won’t! Pepper’s in here, and I’m going to find her. I’m already trusting you with one of my best friends out there in that shit storm, I’ll handle the other one, whether you like it or not.”
Obadiah began laughing again until a figure popped in next to him. Obie was quick though and pulled out a gun, pointing it at Steve’s head.
Steve looked at Tony then back to the house where Pepper and Rhodey still waited. “Happy should be here to get them soon. I had Clint tail them here and he’ll tail them back to make sure nobody picked up on this little meet up. They’ll be fine.”
He heard footsteps coming down the hall. “JARVIS?”
The rest of the date went nicely and ended on a good note. Steve walked Tony to the front door like the gentleman he was and kissed Tony’s cheek.
“Look alive, Rogers. Here they come.”
“You,” Tony said angrily, “work together. With your people. I have to trust that you guys won’t somehow turn against me or make even more demands from me than you already have.”
“Tony? What are you doing?”
Tony’s hand covered his heart. “Ouch, Captain. How rude of you to tell such outrageous lies. I’m the free gift that comes with the purchase and I demand that you unwrap me.”
Steve caught Tony’s eye as he walked passed him, out the door and down the hall. “Tony, what are you doing? He’s still—“
Of course there wasn’t.
Steve felt his stomach drop like lead. “Anyone else? Bruce?”
“First of all, no. No it’s not your fault, Cap. None of it is. None of us will ever for one second believe that it’s your fault.”
“Like hell! This is my company. They’re literally knocking on my front door!”
Tony cut him off with a self-depreciating laugh. “This man was more than my mentor, Steve. He was like a father to me. He was there for me when my parents died in that crash. He was there for me even before that—My dad was…not the best father. He was never happy with the things I took interest in, with my accomplishments. He never hugged me or told me he was proud of me or that he fucking loved me.” Tony’s breath stuttered, eyes filled but not spilling over. “Obie did though. He told me he was proud, looked impressed every time I showed him something new. He told me I was going to be a great leader for the company, prepared me for the day when I’d take over more than my dad ever did. He was my role model, the person I looked up to most and this is what I’m left with. His interest in me only extended as far as what I could do for him. Not me, but what my brain could produce and how many billions of dollars each new idea brought in. That’s all I was to him. It’s all I’m good for.”
is the first text message Tony sends to Steve a week later.
“Then what the hell is wrong with you?”
What occurred next was...not normal by any means. The bottle vibrated before a blue smoke began to billow out, followed by a man. A man who was man sized. Tony jumped back almost a foot and gaped. This man was just sitting in midair, his arms crossed and a smile on his face.
Steve looked up his sketch of the Brooklyn Bridge and stared at the other man.
He kissed Tony and then lifted himself up again, resuming his strokes on Tony’s shaft, his wrist moving impossibly fast. With his back arched Tony cried out as he came hard, unable to control the pleasured scream that left his throat.
The trip to the mall was painful. This had more to do with Clint being just as much of a child as Tony...when Tony was actually an adult. They discovered quickly, and much to their surprise, that Tony Stark as a child acted nothing like a child in the sense that he managed to have a full understanding of what fell under acceptable and what did not. The shop clerks were impressed and insulted at the same time because Tony as a child was a force to be reckoned with. His understanding of percentages and crisp cuts on all clothing was funnier more than it was worrisome.
By this point Steve’s eyebrows were raised and he was just staring at Tony. He still looked confused.
Tony’s hand moved to rest on Steve’s pulse point and the blond felt his breath stutter just a little bit as his heart picked up speed. Steve scrambled to retrieve the reply he’d had on the tip of his tongue, but found nothing but a chasm of empty space where his vocabulary usually was. He was still scrambling for an answer when Tony glanced up at him from under his lashes, eyes questioning.
“I’d like that.”
“What? I didn’t catch that.”
He wasn’t sure. The idea of being a CEO would give him a headache personally.
“Well I will have to say that writing essays are never particularly fun.”
Tony snorted. “If you say so. What happens if we both have to apologize?”
The noise level alone was enough to drive a man mad, shouts of ‘Hail HYDRA’ making their way through the mix at random intervals.
Rhodey snorted, nodding his head in agreement. “Tony could pass the Steve Rogers 101 class with flying colors in a day.”
He felt Tony let go of a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. “Like you’d get an apology any other way.” He pulled his head back a little. “But what about the times when you have to do the apologizing?”
Tony shook his head but then switched to a nod. “Yeah. It’s not like it’s a huge secret. Well it kind of is but…” he lifted his shirt to show Steve what was there. “It used to be a lot bigger than this, but plastic surgery is miraculous.”
Tony shook his head and waved off Steve’s inquiry.
Steve wanted to protest but Tony cut him off.
Both men turned their attention to Clint who took a step back. “Or I can come back later? What did I just walk in on?”
“Please continue reminding us of what a genius you are, Stark,” Bucky piped up.
“Aww, c’mon, Stark! Why?”
Natasha, Steve realized, was not joking.
Steve ignored Tony and started making his way to his room where he kept his gear. Ignored Tony even when the other man trailed relentlessly behind him. When he was all suited up and had his gear strapped to him he gave Tony one last acknowledgement. “You’re still injured, Stark. You’re not going.”
“You’re worrying too much.”
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose and muttered to himself. “This isn’t my life.”
“Wait. The Avengers are playing tonight too?”
Tony scowled at Clint, but stood up and walked to Steve, holding out a hand for the lights.
When he looked down, he saw what had to be the most ridiculous thing he’d ever laid eyes on. There, before him, was a creature made of metal with two large yellow unblinking eyes peering up at him. The thing chirped at him, actually chirped and waved its tiny arms around and around, rolling forward until it nudged Steve’s leg, forcing him to take a step back.
Sitting at an old piano was the keyboard player, the guy in the shiny, tacky red and gold outfit. Steve had to smile a little. The guy was hunched over the piano, his fingers flying over the keys and Steve wasn’t sure if he was even paying attention to the keys at all since his eyes were closed. He’d seen people play like this before, but this was something different. Something he couldn’t begin to put his finger on, but it was amazing. It was captivating.
“Of course, Tony. Merry Christmas.”
*****
*****
“It’s just a bullet graze, I’m fine.”
The both stopped talking and laughed awkwardly.
“But daaaad! Wedding stuff is boring and Mister Steve isn’t.”
Tony groaned again and shut his eyes, and when he finally spoke it was slowly and just a bit sluggishly. “When I got hit by that car, the only thought I had was the fact that I wasn’t supposed to go out like that. That wasn’t heroic. That was just bad luck. Maybe I’m not meant to go out as a hero. Look how easy it was for me to end up in a hospital because without the suit I’m just a frail human who can break easily. I’m not strong. Not like you or Thor or the Hulk. Even Natasha and Clint. I rely on machines to do my work for me and without them I can’t exactly walk away from being hit by a car. Not the way you could. Sort of could. Being a genius doesn’t make me any less of a human. And I hate that, you know. I hate that sometimes I feel like maybe I say I’m not a team player because I don’t like knowing that I couldn’t measure up to you guys without the suit. I don’t have the skills that Clint and Natasha have. They’re just as human as me, but I...I’m not as invincible as I like to pretend I am. Obviously. I don’t feel like a true hero though. I feel like one day you’ll realize I’m not needed or that you can put anyone in the suit and you’ll find someone who isn’t as annoying and stubborn and arrogant as me. Please make me stop talking now. Stupid medicine.”
And he was about to discard it, but there was something on it. Something that caught his attention. A symbol or writing. Well it was shiny and he liked shiny things. So he rubbed it with the sleeve of his jacket.
“Nothing important,” Pepper answered. “I’ll keep you posted on things. Unfortunately you’ll have to come out of hiding soon because the lawyers have already started hounding the board. Give me two days to see what I can find. You’ll need to pull a Lazarus after that though.”
“Why are we not close anymore?”
Steve mentally kicked himself. What the fuck kind of well wish was that? He managed a quick, embarrassed wave before racing from the room as fast as he could walk (not run thank you very much) and right into Bucky.
“I don’t know. I wouldn’t want to.”
“Is that a command, Captain?”
“You know all you have to do is say the word and we can stop.”
*****
“I’m cold and you’re sleeping and I’m bored.”
Steve nodded slowly. “Yes, but I…”
Tony frowned. “Oh. Well...then yeah sure.”
“So I would ask if you’re enjoying yourself, but I think your face is expressive enough to give me my answer.”
“Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doin, Rogers.”
“My dad talks about you all the time. He thinks you’re the best. And he always goes on these trips to try and find you.”
Tony lifted his gun and pointed it at Obadiah’s head, “Don’t fucking lie to me!” Tony yelled. “I’ve lived through enough of your bullshit to last a lifetime.”
“It wasn’t that bad--”
“Okay. What is it?”
“Earth to Steve. Hey, Steve.”
So while they stood around waiting for the stage to be set for the next performance, Steve decided to go buy everyone a round of beer because he knew it wouldn’t take long for Dum Dum to get bored and possibly start a fight with someone. Not that having the beer with him would actually lessen those chances, but it’d keep him distracted for awhile at least.
Tony raised his brow at Steve sometime around the fifth day, leaning against the open door way, Nuts-N-Bolts making laps around Steve’s office. “You know, when I made him, he wasn’t designed to become attached to one person.”
“Tony, we really need to get going.” Pepper said it matter-of-factly. She didn’t want to pull Tony away from Steve because she knew this was as close to a normal type of life Tony would ever get, but she couldn’t cancel the concerts.
“I know who you really are, Steve Rogers.”
They stood there in awkward silence before Steve found himself crushing Tony in a hug. The genius flailed for a moment but patted the blond’s back after a moment. Finally Steve let go.
Tony gave his son a very unimpressed look. “She threatened to take away my duty as best man. We have got to go before she actually kills me.”
After a moment of silence Steve kissed Tony’s shoulder. “Yeah?”
Steve answered with another kiss, this one more intense. “I think someone once said that patience is a virtue.”
"Oh come on!"
Steve took the StarkPad from Tony and leaned against the counter, arms crossed over his chest. He looked a little concerned. “I’m going out to lunch soon. That Italian place a few blocks down. I was hoping you’d join me.” Another bright smile.
When I was a child, I wanted to be just like you. When I was a teenager I realized I would never be anything like you, and that I’d never be the person Howard really wanted me to be.
Steve quickly inhaled and glanced over at Clint and Natasha. They were staring at Tony, and for once, appeared to be completely clueless as to what they should be doing. So he looked back over at Tony and gave him a quick smile. Tony looked as if he were analyzing Steve and walked toward him.
Steve’s body slumped against Tony’s as the two of them worked to catch their breath, panting loudly before Steve gave Tony a lazy, blissed out kiss, his face then falling into crook of Tony’s neck again. He smiled and Tony ran his clean hand through Steve’s hair, chuckling.
“I think I could be persuaded then.”
Steve charged  at the other man, gripped him at the back of the neck and began punching at his abdomen until he was doubled over. Skull staggered back, gave Steve the chance to land a kick square in his chest, sending him crashing back into another set of servers.
“What? I am.” He looked down and realized he had somehow changed his face into Tony’s without even realizing it. “Oh.”
Schmidt was indeed there, in the center of the room surrounded by servers humming and buzzing and lighting up in every direction. He spread his hands wide, a sharp toothed smile spreading over his face, a face badly scarred by grievous burns, the skin a deep pink, almost red hue. “Ah, welcome. I was a bit concerned you would not make it in time for our little date, Captain,” the German man said, voice heavily accented, “Just in time though, to watch as my virus has begun taking over the internal servers all around the building. The secrets these companies hide….wunderbar. And now they are mine.”
Steve nodded.
“I miss him, Tony. I miss him so much. And the fact that he’s out there makes it hurt worse. Because he never died. He was tortured and turned into a weapon and when I see him all I feel is guilt and the knowledge that it would have been better if he had died because he wouldn’t have had to have gone through all of that. And then I feel guilty for thinking that.”
The brunet padded toward the refrigerator for something cold to drink, his head peeking inside just as someone cleared their throat behind him. He jumped, hitting his head on the inside. “Fuck, shit, ow!” Tony whirled around, an admonishment ready on the tip of his tongue only to see Bruce sitting at the kitchen table, grinning like a fool.
The soldier’s mouth fell open. Then closed.
Clint grinned at Natasha. “And you love me anyway.”
Steve grinned stupidly at where Tony had been before reaching a  hand down and tapping the bot on his head. “I’m gonna get you one in hot rod red, how about it?”
“Dad, Pepper and Tasha both think you and Steve should go out on a date and I think Steve makes you happy because you laugh a lot when you guys talk so I think you should too.”
“Remember I get to be best man at your wedding.”
“Well,” Tony said, swallowing nervously, “I’m here now. And I’m fine.”
“I think we should definitely do that again.”
He swallowed and set down the hammer, his head hanging a little. “Sorry, Pepper.”
Tony was instantly at Steve’s side. “Wait. What?”
Peter loved to read. He was only five but he would ask his dad to buy any type of book he was interested in, and what he couldn’t read, Tony would read to him. The ones he could read he often read aloud to his father. Hearing about a new bookstore brightened Peter’s week and begged his dad to take him. Tony couldn’t say no to him for obvious reasons (re: his child’s puppy dog eyes could rival his own).
The genius quirked an eyebrow and pocketed the thumb drive. “Okay. Call them to assemble or whatever it is you do and I’ll get things set up.”
Steve turned quickly, giving Tony one of the most irritated glares he could muster. “Well would you rather get frostbite because you’re too damn high maintenance and want to avoid whatever imagined bugs are hiding in them?”
Steve narrowed his eyes at the bot. “Hey! Ow! Stop that!”
“You’re lying to me.” He exhaled. “I wish I was home in front of my mirror,” he muttered. “I’m…”
“And now you’re telling me that I need to make a wish and that’s going to prove it!”
Tony pulled his hand free and turned. Steve was smiling at him. He thinks it was called fond exasperation, but he was never entirely certain with these things.
So there’s that.
Steve shook his head. “No. Of course not. You’re the only one we weren’t able to round up.”
“You don’t need to be so hard on him. Tony’s a good kid.”
“You and I both know what he’s like. We were both there when he tried to kill you. If you can’t talk to me about it at all, then who can you talk to? We’re friends, Cap.”
Steve chuckled and rolled his eyes as he hoisted another beam and rested it on his shoulders. “This would probably go faster if Tony showed up to help though.”
“I’ll draw you like one of my french girls,” he joked.
Steve had no clue how to respond to this. Instead he hugged Tony again. “I don’t think it’s possible for anyone to not like you.”
“This means you have to kiss Steve.”
“You won’t be thanking me later. You haven’t seen the pictures and videos from last night yet.”
Steve let his head thunk against his desk.
“How many times did I propose to you?” Steve asked with a quiet chuckle.
“Why do you say that?”
Tony tugged with more urgency. “I need to breathe, Steve.”
Displeased with his findings though, he spent the next two hours searching for any other items that might have washed up on shore. There was no sign of a phone. Or a radio. Or a flare gun. He assumed those were elsewhere in the ocean, swept away by undercurrents, meaning that he wasn’t going to be sending any sort of electronic message to help him get off this island. With the sigh of a man who was utterly defeated, exhausted, hungry and potentially hungover, he just allowed himself to fall onto the sand, sitting up with his shoulders slumped forward.
“Not my thing.” He looked up at Steve and shrugged. “I don’t even like the idea of dom/sub in the bedroom.”
Steve took a deep breath. “I do! It doesn’t mean that you can’t take a little time out of your life to offer up a tiny bit of help. I’d like to see you there!”
And then Tony was pulling away, breathing heavily.
“Hmm?”
“Magic. That sounds shady. Do they have any information about the kind of magic?”
Steve shook his head, his brows furrowing.
Tony took a deep breath and let it out slowly, allowing himself to calm down before speaking. “It’s fine, Steve. It’s always something with him anyway.”
Tony looked back at Steve searching, and Steve shrugged. It would be impossible not to involve them at this point. “Look, I’d be asking you guys to compromise your lives, your jobs—“
Pepper squealed and covered her mouth when one popped into existence next to Tony’s arm.
“Where have they been keeping you, for starters?”
The genius gave Steve a quick peck. “You’re not.” Another peck. “I’m ready.” And another. “Don’t argue.” And one more. “Just do me already.”
Steve’s mouth popped open, brows drawn in as he watched it. “What….what’s going on here?” he asked again to the empty room.
“God, Tony,” he whispered breathlessly. Tony grinned and pumped a little faster, squeezing a bit more each time he reached the head, sliding his thumb over the slit as he began to slowly spread precum over Steve’s now very heated cock. Once able to compose himself a little better he opened up the lube and pulled his hand away from Tony’s groin long enough to spread a rather generous amount over his fingers before returning, moving over the shaft once more, sliding his thumb over Tony’s balls before rubbing one slick finger around Tony’s hole, forcing him to catch his breath.
Steve sighed and pulled the genius closer to him, despite the fact that he wasn’t particularly comfortable himself, but they were both tired and cranky. Tony wanted to protest but he found he couldn’t once he and Steve were huddled together again. Steve rested his face in Tony’s curls and Tony’s arm wrapped around the soldier’s lower back. This was comfortable. Familiar. Intimate. Maybe a little too intimate.
“Is this the person who is responsible for making the great Tony Stark walk directly into a wall?”
The genius opened his mouth in what was sure to be a protest.
“Oh my god. You literally almost died and I had no idea.”
“Good.” She smiled at him once more. “Take care of yourself.” And with that the call was disconnected.
The soldier bit off an end and smiled as he chewed. “Movie time.”
Tony watched as Bruce pushed up his glasses with his index finger, eyes downcast at the tabletop. “People just want to protect you.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Tony, I tried to tell-...”
Natasha chuckled. “I know.”
“Nothing says New York Birthday Party like food from one of those carts.”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. “Maybe. I’m a busy man full of ideas and a company to run...everyone probably thinks I’m dead actually.” He scowled.
“And excuse you, Rogers. I thought I was your best friend. I am your best friend! And we’re your family. You can’t go back to the past. And whatever this weird thing is you’re doing where you’re pushing us away, it’s not going to fix anything.”
Steve kissed Tony’s temple. “Yes. Then we’re going straight to bed after this because I am not actually sure when you last slept.”
Near the end of their meal is when Tony walked in. He was becoming a pro at this fashionably late thing.
The soldier hummed in kind, nodding his head slowly.
Steve watched as guards began dropping, the faint sound of arrows in the air and grunts drifting back to them in the stillness of the night.
He pointed a finger at Bruce. “I’ll consider it, but the kid also needs to learn respect.”
“Yeah. Me too.”
“You uh...you broke a few bones. Your leg is broken and your arm.”
Steve checked his watch for the seventh time before Tony reappeared, dressed and looking more awake, though that was probably due to the coffee he had clutched in his hand. Tony gestured at where Nuts-N-Bolts was unplugging and then plugging the lights in.
“We’re here to rescue you! It took us long enough to fi-” Clint stopped right in the middle of his rescue speech when he caught sight of the both of them and hung his head as he squeezed the bridge of his nose. “Seriously, guys? Can you keep your libidos in check for 24 hours?”
“Of course it does. All my plans are wonderful.”
It was interesting for him to note how happy Tony looked as well. It was the same look Tony always had when he was doing his mad scientist thing on Bucky’s arm, but he never noticed just how relaxed the genius exactly was when doing something that went completely over the rest of their heads. Even Bruce had expressed his astonishment at the things Tony could accomplish, especially considering how young he was. Bruce seemed to emphasize that a lot lately.
Tony lifted a hand for Steve to high five and immediately regretted that decision.
Bruce sat there quietly, brows furrowed a bit. “What do you think is best for you?”
“Steve. Steve, calm down.” Tony pushed himself into a sitting position as best he could and hugged the soldier. “I’m right here. I’ll be here when you wake up in the morning.”
Steve shook his head, unwilling to push the matter for now. Not when Tony was still obviously reeling after his escape. “Think about it, let me know what you decide. We’ll do everything else you ask for as long as you get us what we want in return.”
He was cut off when Steve kissed him. This happened a lot, usually to get Tony to stop rambling because rambling meant anxiety and anxiety meant a panic attack and…
“Yeah,” the billionaire said softly.
After a few moments of silence, Clint spoke up. “So, you going to cut this turkey or what, Tasha? I’m starving.”
Steve inhaled sharply and his heart did a weird fluttery thing that hadn’t happened to him in...well not since Peggy. So he was a sucker for a guy who could play the piano and sing. There was absolutely no way at all he was starting to fall for this guy. Nope. They’d only met once previously so he knew that he was moved by Tony’s skill more than the fact that the guy had amazing eyes and a gorgeous smile. Huh.
“Natasha’s ordering a pizza. You want your usual?”
“I don’t think that’s it.”
“Well, Tony, it is customary for families to do this together. It’s a bonding experience and all about togetherness and seeing how ridiculous you make the tree look in the end.”
To be fair, the one girl Steve had ever gone on a date with had been so amazing that he fell in love with her almost instantly and their relationship was explosive in every sense of the word. He’d had so much respect for Peggy Carter. She was fiery, smart, beautiful and could make him laugh in ways no one else could. They had become an item near the end of high school and were naive enough to believe that love could withstand anything, including a distance of roughly 2,000 miles. It wasn’t unheard of, but as fate is sometimes known to do, the distance turned into hours and then days and then weeks without them speaking to each other. The ocean was their physical barrier, but their new lives were the couple’s ultimate downfall.
His phone chimed.
Steve deserved better and Tony wasn’t able to offer that.
Steve set his sketchpad on the table between them. “Art mostly. I’m sure you already knew that though.”
A few others grumbled because they hadn’t even started that process yet.
On day five his entire workshop powered down.
Tony clenched his jaw and sucked in his cheeks. “In a tiny room with only a bed, a bucket and no running water if you don’t count the constant drip from the ceiling, which, I don’t. More specifically, a warehouse out in the middle of who the fuck knows. I assume it’s only used when HYDRA needs to deal with their trash."
“Whatever you say, Stark.” Bucky was quiet for a moment and then continued, more genuinely, “Thanks. Again.”
Bucky nodded, took the seat to Steve’s right and clapped him on the shoulder in greeting. “A lot of the data had already been wiped once we got there though we still were able to find a bit of information on human drug trials, a video or two recording the sessions…they weren’t pretty.” Bucky frowned, his metal hands clenching at his side.
“This isn’t a war, Captain!”
“But that doesn’t mean…”
Tony blinked. “Aunt Tasha is no longer allowed to go to a bookstore with you.”
Tony didn't look up from the word search he was playing. Steve had gotten him into doing them and Tony found he enjoyed doing them as long as he timed himself. "Yeah?"
“Thanks. Now I’m going to ruin this touching moment by telling you that you might want to get some earplugs to wear to sleep tonight. If you know what I’m saying.”
Steve sputtered. “What? There is none of that! I think I’d know if there was.”
Tony snorted. “Please. I can totally skip graduation for sex all day. That’d be the best present ever.”
Once the excitement and thanks died down a little, Steve looked up to watch Tony casually walking toward him...well as casual as one can look walking in a suit of metal. “What next?”
“The sun will be setting soon.”
Huh. “Uh...thanks.”
Tony grabbed his hand before he got too far, then let go as if it burned. “Just—you can stay.”
The enthusiastic kiss Tony gets from Steve is all the genius needs to know Steve is on board with his idea too.
Tony gave her a confused look. “What do you mean? I’m always the picture of happiness.”
Tony was away from Steve before Steve could take his next breath, running forward until he crashed into the redhead—Pepper—his arms closing around her waist, her arms wrapping around his shoulders and squeezing tight.
Steve clenched his jaw. “And we’ll be the ones to answer it. Stay. Here.”
He made his way quietly but quickly down the hall until he found a room with a light on. The kitchen. Thank god.
Tony just shook his head and muttered under his breath. “Pathetic.”
A week later, they finally got to that date because Steve, with his all too perfect timing, had blurted out the question to Tony just as the genius was leaving for a business trip on the other side of the world.
Steve just huffed and laughed a little, his cheeks turning red. “It’s nothing. I haven’t drawn in awhile, s’all. I don’t even know how I know how to honestly.”
Tony accepted this and nodded. “Oh. Again. Then I want to go home with Captain America.”
The elevator stopped, the doors opening. Steve stepped out, checking in every direction for a sign of anyone else. He held his gun firmly at his side and listened for any sound that might lead him in the right direction.
He loomed a bit closer, trying to zone in on the actual lock while the key hung from his hand. He blinked his eyes a few times but there were still two of them and he honestly had no idea which one was the real one. Then he closed one eye and stared down the awful piece as if it had personally offended him. Finally he reached up with the key and scraped his way toward the keyhole, managing to achieve success after roughly a minute of grumbling and sighing.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “We’ll talk about it later. Thanks, Stark. Everyone dismissed.” he added with a sigh and waited as everyone but Tony shuffled out the door.
“Ah. Thanks?” He had no idea what was happening, but he’d like to prove he wasn’t a threat to Tony. “Where is the living room?”
Steve watched as color flooded along the back of Tony’s neck and up to his cheeks. Tony coughed into his hand, eyes turned away from Steve. “Or, not. Stark is fine too. I—“
Natasha was sifting through the decorations littering the floor. “Someone else is in charge of hanging the lights. I’ll end up strangling someone with them if they become too knotted up in the process.”
“And waste more time on a project not designated by the list? Color me shocked, Captain.”
“You have a plane?”
Peter grabbed his hand and yanked. “I want to show you something!”
Tony appeared to be watching Steve’s face and the blond couldn’t help but blush a little. Yet again. He probably needed to get that checked out. He slung the bag over his shoulder and smiled.
He stomped away from the couch. “I’ll be in my workshop, trying to figure out how to fight my own battles.”
Tony glared up at Steve, but with no actual malice behind I, and stuck out his tongue until Steve laughed.
Bucky snorted. “That’s such bullshit, Steve.” Steve looked affronted but Bucky held up a hand to silence him. “You guys are the biggest idiots I’ve ever met. Look, did you consider that maybe he thinks you don’t want to talk to him?”
“That’s rude, Cap. Russia wasn’t my plan. That was yours.”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you guys were waiting impatiently nearby for these presents.” Tony sorted through the box of fabric. “I guess we can consider this an early Christmas present. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night.”
“C’mon,” Tony said giving Steve’s bottom lip a quick nip, Steve just groaned and let his head fall to the crook of Tony’s neck before giving in to the pleasure and coming hard.
The faceplate on Tony’s suit lifted and he peered down at the soldier. “Would you like some help with this?”
Tony couldn’t help the smile that broke across his face as he turned off the camera.
Bucky was the next to enter, bearing gifts of the alcoholic variety while Gabe came in right behind him with beer steins and shot glasses for all of them, followed immediately by Falsworth and Jacques. This was a tradition and in no way punk rock. Especially when Dum Dum started belting out an Irish drinking song while Bucky dispensed even amounts of beer and pouring shots for each of them. After making sure everyone, especially Steve, had their poison of the night in front of them, Bucky lifted his shot glass.
"He's not like you."
“I’m cold and hungry and we’ve only had sex twice since we’ve been here and I’m feeling horribly deprived of so many essential things in my life, technology included.”
He pointed at Natasha and Clint. “I can provide you both with disguises and set you up with jobs working in the building. It won’t be too hard to pull it off seeing as Stark Industries goes through interns and employees and consultants like water goes through gills.  When you’re in, that flash drive will provide you with passwords, account numbers, etcetera etcetera. Play your parts well and nobody will be the wiser. There will also be comm units and subtle under armor for protection. Lightweight, not bulky, bulletproof.  Also, JARVIS will be with you once you enter the building. You’ll need to plug that drive into one of the main computers and enter the first password on the list when prompted to connect with him. From then on, he’ll be there to help you out.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “No no no. Just Tony. Get rid of the master part. Don’t need it.”
Tony leaned back in his chair and waited as Obie tried to control his labored breaths. He figured he could sit there all day if he had to, some twisted part of him swelling with a mixture of pride and guilt that he’d brought Obadiah this low. That he’d given him a just a small taste of what Tony went through when he was taken because of Obadiah.
“Then we understand each other?”
“That’s the thing. I just...I like you and I want to but I’m not--I’m not ready for that yet.”
Steve gave the brunet a once over despite himself. Tony looked tired. Tired and like he could probably do with a few sandwiches to eat as well. It didn’t take a genius to notice that Tony’s idea of self-care wasn’t exactly good for him.
“Anyway, I told Obie what I’d found. I told him we needed to have a conversation about this and I told him that I’m shutting down the weapon’s division the moment I return. Weapons were dad’s thing. I thought I was protecting people but there’s so much blood on my hands. I can’t stand behind and watch this happen and pretend like none of this is my fault.”
“He has a point. You look pretty miserable.”
Steve had to quickly pull himself from his thoughts and shook his head. “What? Oh. Yeah she’s real…” he searched his head for an impressive word. “...swell.”
” The kids squealed with laughter at that and Mister Steve was very good at doing voices. One of them pointed out the fact that Max was chasing the dog with a fork and that it was mean and Mister Steve agreed before putting a finger to his lips to silence them so he could continue.
“Even after what he’s put you through? That’d be enough of a reason for most people to kill another human being.”
“Sacrifices? What? What do you know about sacrificing? You’ve had everything handed to you on a silver platter your entire life. It’s not about making money! I’m risking a lot just to be an artist. There’s no guarantee of success but I do it because I love it. Don’t try to talk to me about sacrifices because I’m working my butt off to have a social life when I’m not studying and working just to pay my tuition!”
Steve tried to pretend he didn’t see the glistening in the Tony’s eyes, that it didn’t make him want to do something like grip the other man's shoulder, or worse, hug him.
“Well damn. Are you really a genie?”
Steve opened his mouth to ask if the other man was okay but what came out instead was a gruff, “How did you find this place?”
Tony’s fingernails dug into Steve’s scalp, his other hand locating the hand next to his head, linking his fingers with the soldier’s and squeezing his hand as he began to meet Steve thrust for thrust. Their moans of pleasure, the panting, none of it was deterred even as they continued to kiss each other, two hands held together tightly.
Tony scowled unattractively. “You’re not actually a captain, Captain.”
“Great! Now can you hear me?”
Tony smirked, answering for Steve. “Let’s just say I made his friend and offer he couldn’t refuse.”
Steve would not be deterred. “We’re leaving Christmas cookies out for Santa.”
“Yeah. Now that we’re about to graduate.”
The soldier just shook his head and looked away. He didn’t have an answer. He didn’t want to bare his soul. He didn’t want to talk about why he was avoiding everyone he cared about and why he was longing for the past more than ever right now.
“Not happening. I’m drawing the line there. They can’t get involved in this.”
It happened about an hour later when he was grabbing more palm fronds. He had an armful and was walking toward the beach again when something caught his foot. This resulted in him falling face first into the sand after dropping his collection of leaves and branches. He sighed impatiently.
The both of them watched as kids climbed up and down the inflatable obstacle course and the bouncy castle.
“Except that,” the genie said in response to what he figured was the look on Tony’s face.
“I just want him to show up and help us. Team bonding exercises.”
He nodded, looking off toward one of his suits before meeting her gaze again with a tight smile. “I know, Pepper.”
“You never did. I’ve always tried to keep up with you, but you’ve always been ahead of the game. Ahead of me. And look at you now. You’re this huge deal and suddenly becoming popular and a little arrogant, and you don’t talk to me anymore. When’s the last time you told me anything about your life outside of school?”
Steve folded his arms over his chest, “See, I just don’t buy that. This whole people like you and people like me bullshit. If you ask me, I’d say I haven’t exactly given you much kindness since you’ve been here, haven’t given you much to base this opinion that I somehow deserve anymore than you or the next fella. We all make mistakes and we all have moments where we’re selfish, that’s not something you invented, no matter how much genius you got floating around in that big brain of yours, Tony.”
While Schmidt groaned and struggled to his feet, Steve used the opportunity to regain his breath. He turned his back to look for his dropped gun, a mistake, and underestimation for Schmidt. Steve knew better.
Steve washed his dish and set it in the rack to dry before making his way to Bruce’s lab, which had already been taken over by Tony under Bruce’s supervision. Though, maybe supervision wasn’t the right word because Tony and Bruce were practically founding members of what was quickly becoming a scientific frat house. Even Clint had taken to calling the duo Science Bros much to Tony’s amusement. Bruce didn’t seem to mind the nickname much either, on the contrary, he actually seemed to enjoy the kid’s company, smiling easier than Steve had seen him smile in a long time.
“Hi, honey. I’m home,” Tony parroted at Obadiah, the same way he’d said it to Steve when he’d showed up at his doorstep, though with less coughing and almost keeling over.
Peggy took him back to Erskine then, where Steve only just restrained himself from attacking the other man. Instead he’d listened as Erskine explained his business, explained how he was the sort of leader of a very prominent mob rooted in the underbelly of Brooklyn. He’d talked and talked about what they stood for, why they were there in the first place, where they wanted to be in the future and at the end of it, Steve slumped back against his seat, his injuries long tended to but still throbbing under the bandages, Erskine offered Steve a place amongst his ranks.
“I’m not running away from my problems, Tony.”
Steve sighed, long suffering, grateful for the silence even if that too seemed a little pointed when coming from Tony. Steve ignored him in favor of watching the door, waiting for his team to show up.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m not but I like to think that I can match your skill with the guitar at least.”
Steve’s posture straightened all hard lines and professionalism. “What’s going on?”
The man smiled slowly, smarmily, “Arnim Zola. No need to introduce yourselves, I’ve heard quite a bit about you, Captain. And you, Winter Soldier, what fun we had before you escaped.”
Steve didn’t bother to respond, instead leading the genius to a chair, pressing down on his shoulder with enough force that he had no choice but to sit. “Shut up, Stark. It’s time to talk”.
That earned, at the very least, a sympathetic look from the redhead. “How’s your...whole body? I saw the footage of that crash landing you had.”
Steve spoke softly into his com when they neared the warehouses fences. “Time to split off. Let’s give ‘em hell.”
Tony stopped when he was pulled into the kitchen. “No. You don’t. I mean, that’s not...I wanted to give you a dog because my silly kid brain thought it was how you got people to like you. And I already liked you. I mean I still like you, and don’t even think of holding these statements over my head because I’m still recovering from the trauma of you guys having to see what I was like as a kid, but I guess if you liked me back, then...” He paused, looking downward.
Steve opened his mouth to say something but Tony held up a hand to quiet him. “My dad wanted me to forget all about it. That’s why there is barely a scar. He didn’t want me to use it as an excuse to hold myself back from doing what I wanted to do, but it didn’t stop him from using it as an excuse to keep me from doing all the things I really wanted to do. Does that make sense?” He quickly shook his head as he got back to his point. “For me it was always about knowing what I could do if I tried. I’m still here for a reason,” and he gave an embarrassed smile for admitting that, “so I thought I’d enjoy doing the things I wanted to do. My piano career has always been run by my father so to speak, but the band thing he doesn’t know about. The tattoo...well I chose it because it will serve as a reminder. That I survived and that my father doesn’t have complete control over every aspect of my life. The added bonus is the fact that the tattoo drives my father up a wall. I sort of like that part too.”
For some reason, things changed though. Steve had a growth spurt and started working out over the past summer, showing back up to school looking more like a football player and less like a kid who could easily be tossed into the air by those same jocks (and yeah, they did that once). Whatever he’d had with Tony seemed to be slipping away and it left Steve feeling lost. They still hung out, but where they were talkative before had become awkward silences and even a few arguments that resulted in them not talking to each other for days.
“In the meantime work on that armor. I think you’ve got a good idea going there. I might need a sidekick when I’m ready to get back into the game.”
Tony loved his son with all his heart, but there were days he longed for more sleep. His mother had left him on Tony’s figurative doorstep (actually the lobby at the front desk while the receptionist wasn’t looking) with a note stating that she couldn’t afford to care for the child because she didn’t have the time, that his name was Peter and provided a birth certificate as well. He got a paternity test and then confronted Peter’s mother after it was proven that Peter was his and their conversation did not go well to say the least. She was busy trying to pursue her own career in something or another and thought Tony would be better off raising the child himself since he was a billionaire and had the money to do so. Forget that he was running a large company and worked his ass off to earn what he had.
Steve ducked behind a downed table and wiped the sweat from his forehead. The blond patted at the pockets in his vest until he found and object about the size and weight of a pen and a pair of noise cancelling earplugs. “Buck! Bottom left pocket! Put them in now!”
“You made it. I like it. I’m not giving it back.”
Once they began playing, Steve allowed his eyes to steer toward Tony. He occasionally glanced at Natasha just so he wouldn’t have to lie about saying he watched her play. She was a killer on the drums and he was convinced she’d probably try to kill Bucky with her drumsticks at least once.
“Right right. Guess it works for what I’m asking from you. Anyway,” he pulled out the thumb drive again and tossed it to Natasha. “Cap says this is your area of expertise so you hold onto it. If you want intel on Stane you’re going to have to get into my building, which, if you aren’t me or a card holder, is actually more difficult than breaking into the White House. Take it from someone who’s actually broken into the White House on several occasions. Drunk. It was a dare. Moving on. The first step to getting in needs to happen from the outside. I can only search for so much out here before the computer picks up my patterns records the data. If Stane see’s that, he’ll know I’m still out here alive and kicking and we can’t have that.”
Steve swallowed as subtly as he could and gently nudged Tony a step back. “I think we’re good.”
Bucky bent it, curled it, rolled it. The rolling seemed to be the part that caused him pain and he yelped slightly.
He’d ended up right next to Tony on the couch who had smiled and handed him a controller. Steve took it, smiling quickly and then turned his attention to the tv screen. Tony didn’t try to bother him. He was strangely silent but Steve could still feel his eyes on him.
Tony feigned horror. “And steal my thunder? What’s wrong with you?”
“Well damn, Cap. How much time did you devote to his cookie? I’m a little jealous.”
“Look, just because he doesn’t really…”
“Okay?”
Steve was with him every step of the way, determined that if someone was going to work on Bucky while he was in one of his most vulnerable states, then he was going to be there to make sure nobody tried to pull anything over on his oldest friend. And, yeah, he’d gone in expecting it from the infamous Tony Stark, but about 4 appointments in, Steve finally figured he didn’t have much to worry about at all. At least not when it came to Stark screwing over Bucky. No, his attention was placed elsewhere, about 80% focused on Bucky’s new arm and the other 20% focused on flirting endlessly with Steve.
“Okay okay. I’m coming.” His son dragged him to a corner of the store where a sign read
It was late and Steve was getting ready to sleep. Since Loki’s surprise visit (again), Tony had not come to find any of them, so that meant he was most likely brooding in his workshop, pretending he had too much work to do in order to avoid having to talk about what happened. He had found the robot dog abandoned and brought it back to his room with him, still smiling at it.
“Just a moment, Cap.”
Tony stood up too. “Okay. I can handle letting you borrow it. I mean if you’re coming back eventually I can part with it for a little while.”
Steve narrowed his eyes. “Do I even want to know how bad?”
“Glad we had this talk,” Clint replied.
"I've got my eye on you, Stark. Don't fuck this up."
“Okay, just checking. That actually happened. Good.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Schmidt has no further use for Obie and Obie is too much of a megalomaniac to exhaust one bridge to wealth. Their partnership, however long, is on the outs if HYDRA needs my help getting into SI. Or maybe Schmidt is just tired of paying for designs—either way information is not being traded willingly.”
Tony wordlessly handed it over and watched while Steve tried to figure his way around a highly advanced Starkphone. He finally found the contacts and added his number to it before shooting a text to his own phone from it so he could program Tony’s into his.
“You’re not just some--”
"I've already gotten this talk from Natasha. Are you guys not reading each other's notes or is this a 'threaten Tony' project of SHIELD's?"
"Mostly. Hurt him and I'll castrate you with a shovel."
“Or perhaps you could take the time to remember that Captain Rogers was kidnapped and is currently dealing with far too much backlash from the public. It is possible he might need you as much as you need him, sir.”
“I know that. I don’t plan on hurting you either, Shellhead.”
Tony Stark loved his life. Usually. Both sides of it. Being part of the band was a change from his usual day of practice, play, write, practice, play, write, repeat as necessary. He never intended to let Howard find out about it because, of course, he’d be disappointing the family name since he was a respected pianist and blah blah blah. He was sure that some part of his father actually liked him, but he hadn’t really been able to prove it yet. His mother seemed to be more invested in Tony’s well-being and at least told him she was proud of all his accomplishments to date, she just never managed to say them in front of his father.
“They’ll be safe, right, Steve?”
“Get everyone ready to head out, I’ll be down in five and then we leave.” He looked at Tony briefly. “You. Stay here.”
He’d long accepted that this was his life now, a firm believer in dealing with the cards you were dealt with, and had no delusions of ever getting out and starting over. There was no going back, no second chances in this line of work, not if you wanted to succeed. So yes, he understood and accepted who he had become but sometimes still, times like now, he found himself burdened by a slight feeling of longing for the days when he didn’t have an organization to run. Longing for a time where he worked his miserable job every day and painted the night away and he wasn’t happy exactly but he’d certainly been less stressed.
“I’m not mad you, Tony. I’m not. I never will be. This isn’t your fault and I will spend as long as necessary to prove to you that I love you, that I won’t leave you over this. Just talk to me.”
“Tony, If the next words out of your mouth are some variation of the ‘I’m not involving you in this’ speech, then I will actually kill you.”
“Right away, sir.” Jarvis said, English voice carrying the a small hint of fondness that Tony was sure he hadn’t actually programmed into him. He and Jarvis were due for some quality time when this was all over.
Pepper and Rhodey lifted their brows.
“He came back to town several hours before Loki returned. I can only assume this is why it did not seem to bother you that he was not present for the battle.”
Tony just huffed.
“Aunt Tasha likes old people books. She always reads the ones with those wierd covers where the man and woman are wrapped around each other in strange ways. She says I’m too young to read them.”
“It’s more than that. You have been moping the entire time Tony has been gone.”
If Steve’s smile wasn’t so genuinely excited Tony would have laughed and said he needed to get back to work. “What for?”
“What? She can’t order you to do that! That’s…!” He couldn’t even finish his sentence. “Fine. I’m going upstairs! Watch me leave. I’m leaving. Tell Pepper I’m leaving.”
that appeared to be starting in five minutes.
If Steve hadn’t pulled his drink away just at that moment he’d have probably inhaled some of it through his nose. Again, he was nowhere near as forward as most people. He had no idea how to be. It wasn’t a quality he looked down on, it just wasn’t a quality he possessed. People still caught him by surprise even though he’d been at the end of some extremely suggestive comments from other girls.
“You’re a rude genie.”
The genie nodded once. “And I’m here to do whatever you wish.”
“Thanks for finally tuning in, Ms. Potts,” Tony retorted. “Can we move on now?”
“Steve,” Tony murmured, placing a hand on his shoulder. “What is going on?”
“See what I mean?”
“I’m a new man?” He shrugged.
“You’re bluffing,” Obie said, a smarmy sneer wrinkling his face.
Bucky smiled like this was the best idea he’d ever heard. “Yeah! That’ll work. You in, Steve?”
Steve gave him a blank look. “Yeah because you’re obviously not trying to hide anything by taking that route with it.”
Steve gave him a small smile. “You’re awesome too, Tony.”
“Steve!” Bucky yelled as he shot around the corner. “What the hell did you do?”
“So this is a good place to start I suppose.”
“I mean unless you’re doing something else with it or…”
“Bucky, are you listening to me? I have to be up early tomorrow. This can’t be an all night ordeal.”
Tony made his way around the room, pulling pieces into to place and noting where things could use an adjustment. “That’s not something I have to do from here, exactly.”
“We agreed to go on a date.”
Rhodey leaned forward, resting heavily against the table. “As long as we get him back in one piece, then we’ll have no problems, Captain.” Rhodey smiled warmly at Tony for a moment. “What I’d like to know is how Tony became acquainted with you in the first place?”
The soldier just laughed. “You’re being awfully sappy and that worries me.”
“Oh. Well uh…” he lifted his hand, scratching the back of his head and then pointed a finger at the soldier. “I’ll go take a shower and we’ll get started.”
“I’m sure they’re just swell, Tony.” He sat up as he remembered the rest of the team was in the room still and they were all watching Tony and Steve intently. “So, who wants to go home?”
“Why do you do that, Tony?” Steve sounded annoyed.
He took the iPod from Bucky and put his ear buds back in. “Let me know when the pizza shows up.” Before Bucky had a chance to ask him anything else, and the look on his face indicated he wanted to, Steve turned his music back on, opened to a fresh page in his sketchbook and got to work on his self-portrait while he still had a few minutes left to himself.
“Just let me find you something else to wear befor--” Tony sighed. “You have got to stop doing that.”
“We all live in the same tower. How much more team focused would you like me to get?”
After numerous unsuccessful attempts to locate Bucky, Steve had become a bit moody. Clint said moody was an understatement. Clint had a concussion after the last time he sparred with Steve. So maybe Steve was dealing with some anger issues. It’s bound to happen. He’d lost everything he had in his life before the ice. The Howling Commandos. Howard. Peggy. Bucky. He’d had to start over, and it didn’t leave a good taste in his mouth. He spent a long time feeling sorry for himself, but after the whole battle against the Chitauri, he’d learned that he wasn’t the only one who was necessarily alone in the world, just not in the way he was.
Tony shot Pepper a look and shook his head before turning his attention to Steve again. “I...well it just didn’t...does it change anything?”
Tony didn’t hesitate. “To stay dead.”
Pepper shook her head and reached around Tony to pat Rhodey on the shoulder in apparent commiseration. “You’ve been in it longer than I have. The things you must have seen.”
“Just so you know, you never disappoint me. You don’t mess up any more than I do. You are just as important to us as we are to you.” He walked slowly toward the bed, removing his shirt before he climbed next to Tony and pulled the tablet from his hands before throwing an arm over Tony’s stomach. “I’m not leaving you. If you think I am, you’re obviously underestimating my ability to be extremely stubborn.”
“And your override code has been disabled by Ms. Potts in the event that you try to override the override.”
Tony considered this for a moment, a frown creasing his brow. “Come up to the workshop with me. I have a few calls to make, people to bring to tears, the usual. Make yourself comfortable there. You can meet the bots,” he added with an excited grin.
“Why are you so adamant about making it better?”
Steve met Tony’s eyes and shook his head slowly, he reached out a tentative hand to brush at the stitching along Tony’s forehead. “Not everything.”
Steve just smiled. “Ah, thanks. I guess.” He moved on from the straw paper to a napkin, twisting the corners between his finger and thumb. “She was...is a swell lady.”
Tony jumped up then, frantic. “What? What, Steve? What? I’m not a victim here!”
“Tony! Steve! Are you down here?”
Steve’s eyebrows shot up. “Only if you’re comfortable with that.”
“It’s exactly what it looks like.”
“Well now, what fun would our friendship be if we were just alike? I wouldn’t want to be friends with me. I still don’t know why you want to be friends with me.”
“Nothing? Really? Nothing at all? I’m hearing everything you’re saying but there are also plenty of things you’re not saying. You’ve been acting like this since you came back from your last trip to find your old best friend. What happened, Steve?” It was then that the rain started to pour.
Tony beamed. “Great. I know this awesome restaurant we can go to.”
Tony was just shouting his opinions on tears in all of space and time when someone cleared their throat. Both men turned to look at the intruder.
I’m not Howard.
Howard, since Tony had first begun playing the piano as a small child, would force Tony to sit down for two hours straight in the morning and at night just to practice. Tony had already achieved more in his life at only 17 than Howard had during his entire career as a pianist, and Howard was the best in the business. Tony just happened to be better. He knew it. Howard knew it too. He had, after all, created Tony. He’d called Tony his masterpiece and Tony wasn’t sure if that had been a hidden declaration of love for his only child or if he was telling Tony he better not ever let him down because he’s carrying on the greatness of the Stark name. So if Howard found out about Tony’s inclusion in The Avengers, Howard would probably end up going completely nuts.
The blond gave up on schoolwork and shrugged. “Sure. That’ll save me from having to find a way of escape when the two of you become awkwardly sexual again.”
He turned around with a dazzling press smile and lifted his mug.
“I guess this explains why that never panned out,” Tony mumbled, then louder, “So, you work for the mafia, huh?”
Peter handed Steve a gift that had been tucked under the tree and the blond looked at Tony. “It’s from both of us.”
Steve gave a ridiculous laugh. “I just wanted to bring back my best friend. It’s my fault this happened in the first place…”
At some point Steve became entirely engrossed in what The Avengers were doing. They were unlike any heavy metal band he’d ever imagined. They certainly dressed for the part, but they still managed to stand out from most heavy metal bands he’d encountered. For starters, their lead vocal looked like a freaking Viking and was built like a god. No, seriously. Even Steve would be nervous about getting into a fight with this guy. The girl, a redhead who was dressed in all black, looked like she could probably kill a man with one of those drumsticks she was using without breaking a sweat. He wasn’t surprised to see Bucky staring at her, completely ignoring the date who was desperately trying to bring his attention back on her. The guy playing bass was so far from what he’d imagined heavy metal it wasn’t even funny. Except it was. The guy, wearing a peculiar amount of purple, appeared to be focusing less on the strings and more on the audience. This was the guy who would probably jump off stage into a mosh pit just for shits and giggles. He was obviously talented as hell. They all were.
Steve knelt down on the floor, hand outstretched to pat the bot who began racing his way around the legs of the coffee table when acknowledged. “Congratulations, little guy. It looks like you’re getting much better at coordination.” He tried to catch a glance at the bot’s screen as he shot by, just barely able to make out the words. “Captain Nuts-N-Bolts. You’re about to surpass me. I’m going to be honest with you Bolts, I don’t know how I feel about that.”
Tony tossed his suit jacket on the back of the sofa and was immediately distracted by the site of a very blond, very stunning man sitting in his recliner, tossing a ball back and forth to a robot.
“Steve. Do I ever say anything I don’t mean?”
Steve looked up, then around. “What? Who—never mind. I’m on it.”
Years ago Steve had found himself acquainted with a man who went by the name Abraham Erskine, a man he knew little about let alone his less than legal lifestyle. No, that part had come as something of a surprise, though the word ‘surprise’ wasn’t the first word to come to mind when Steve found himself tied to a metal chair with a pudgy speckled man spewing spit and badly accented questions in Steve’s face.
Schmidt placed his hands behind his back and strolled forward, unconcerned by Steve’s presence or the gun he still held firmly at his side. “Dear Captain, you yourself are feared by many. Does that not make you a coward as well?”
The brunet shot Steve with a smirk before clearing his throat and stretching his fingers, feeling a few of them crack. The tune he started playing was once again familiar within the first three notes. Tony was blushing a little and it made Steve feel a bit better about the fact he was too.
Tony sighed. “I can feel you thinking, Cap. What is it?”
Tony gave the blond a brief smile. “I agree but we have to suffer through it anyway. We can go out for ice cream afterwards if you behave very well. You have to try on your tux though so we need to leave like five minutes ago.”
“Wait.”
Steve turned back when he heard the screech of the chair, seeing all three of them huddled as close together as possible without actually touching, Rhodey and Pepper acting as protective shields, almost as if they could keep anything and everything at bay as long as they kept formation surrounding the genius.
The Avengers’ set was over before Steve knew it and they were leaving the stage. They had to sit through one more band’s performance before their turn came up. The seven Howling Commandos made their way backstage to get prepared and run through one last check to make sure they had everything they required during their show in the places they should be. This usually consisted of Dum Dum air drumming and Morita playing air guitar right along with him. Steve was leaning against the wall, absently picking at the black nail polish on his fingers. He tried to imagine every note he needed to hit and played the music in his head several times. Bucky was nervous. Actually nervous. Bucky never got nervous about anything so Steve decided Natasha was probably wonderful for Bucky.
Of course after that the rest of the Avengers (re: Nick Fury) decided it would be good PR for the superhero squad if they got in there and helped clean up some of the mess they helped create. Steve felt a sense of duty, that he owed it to the American people to take care of the city, his home. There were extremely rare occurrences where the Hulk helped, usually with the heavy lifting, but those moments were rare because he would cause more damage rather than rebuilding. Thor helped when he could, another one great for the heavy lifting. Natasha and Clint had become constants with him. Steve, Natasha and Clint quickly became known as the Avenging Clean-up Crew and someone had even made them t-shirts. It eventually spread and became common for all who helped clean up to sport one of those shirts during clean up or afterwards.
Steve smiled and placed a hand on Peter’s head before holding out his hand to Tony as well. “I’m Steve by the way, but I’m sure you sort of figured that out already. I’m the owner here.”
The genius looked up quickly. He hadn’t expected…
Steve smirked but at least he was wearing something different. “Faster than you.”
“I do, and I’m…”
Except maybe Thor. He was from another realm, so he was a stranger too. Natasha and Clint. Once upon a time they had well-hidden secrets. They had each other and perhaps they were all the other needed. He still wasn’t sure how to classify their relationship. Banner, of course, had his own unique monster to deal with. Alone.
“Steve. Glad you could make it.”
“You guys, stop it! Natasha is so…”
Steve looked away, shaking his head. “I can see your point.” He roughly poked the ketchup with his fries. “It’s not like you have friends here that might want to see you or anything. I don’t see any reason for you to stay at all. Not when you can go surround yourself with smarter people who can actually keep up with you.”
“Look who’s talking.”
The elevator began to rise and Steve looked up in wonder again. “Aren’t they supposed to play music?”
Tony grinned wide. “About three nights ago? To be fair, he’s been in my head for awhile, but then I figured I’d take a break from your list of demands and ahh ahh, Steve. Before you say anything, I’ve been working on your stuff during most of my waking and a few of my resting hours so don’t get on my case about distractions via toys. He’s a learning bot, not as advanced as DUM-E or U, but still very intelligent…..I’m surprised you didn’t notice I was gone though, usually you’re around hovering in some corner.”
