“Sherlock?” John said, his voice coming from the bathroom door. Sherlock didn’t look at him. The words of pure rejection after the last sexual encounter still lingered like a beast ready to attack and kill, and Sherlock couldn’t defend himself anymore.
“Really? Well, okay. That’s… close to cool. Don’t gloat. Yep, tomorrow would be good. Will do.”
“Oh, yeah.” Sherlock giggled back. The very few times John had seen Sherlock drunk he’d noticed that he became slightly more feminine in his ways. The horrific bar fight during his stag night, and the light kink in his wrist back in the flat. Tonight was no different, and John found it quite charming.
“There are several reasons. Okay, two reasons. One. They suck –“
“No, of course not…”
“Just send my clothes to Baker Street at the earliest convenience.” Sherlock called back, already halfway out the door, so Mycroft could barely hear the last words. He laughed at himself and was genuinely happy for his brother.
“It will be our little secret.” Sherlock said, just like he’d said yesterday. John didn’t answer, but let out a willing sigh.
“No. I won’t.”
“So do you want to go for drinks?”
“Eh.. thanks…” John muttered. Sherlock didn’t reply.
Please. Come back to me."
“Amazing. You’re amazing.”
“Oh. Okay. Do I need to come?”
“Oh John, I really wish you could keep your thoughts to yourself sometimes.”
“No.” John said, still not looking at Sherlock.
“What are you – ?” John didn’t know how to finish the sentence.
“What? No, I’m not. I just… Christ…” He leaned closer to Sherlock, even though they were seated pretty close already. He put his hand on Sherlock’s.
“What? Oh, it’s your turn again.” John twanged dizzily.
“Sherry boy, really? Ehrm, alrighty then. I… hmm… I have never had sex with a woman before.”
“What?”
“Indeed we are. Your first name, sergeant Morris, it wouldn’t happen to be Daniel, now would it?” Sherlock asked. Both John and Morris looked at him puzzled.
“Sherlock…? Could I… I mean… I just wanted to… talk.”
“John. As much as you probably hate that I’m lying here next to you, we are in fact lying here next to one another, and I see no way of escaping at this moment. Will you at least let me comfort you? You know this is not my area of any sorts, but I think the right thing to do for me now is to put my arm around you. Or is that wrong?”
“Tomorrow I’ll buy a new toothpaste.” Sherlock said, leaned over John to put it back onto the sink, and once again John felt something hard touch his lower back.
“Thought that might… interest you.”
“Sorry, Mycroft, gotta go.” Sherlock said and sprinted towards the exit door.
“Sorry, couldn’t hold it back.” he said, trying to regain his breath as quickly as possible.
“I love you, dickhead. Now will you let me kiss you?”
“Of course, dear.” she said and left their flat.
“I have told you about my mind palace, haven’t I?”
“Don’t stop.”
The next day all of London’s newspapers had three large letters printed on the front:
“Sherlock, my god!” he gasped, and knew that he wouldn’t last another minute of this.
Sherlock nodded and held out his hands so that Morris could untie them. Morris moved closer to him, and just as he was about to bend down to loosen Sherlock’s ropes, Sherlock spat, or rather plunged, all of John’s semen into Morris’ eyes. Morris was completely caught off guard and dropped the baseball bat in order to rinse his eyes. Sherlock seized the moment to dive for the gun, which he managed to wrestle out of Morris’ hand. He picked up the baseball bat and pointed both bat and gun towards Morris.
No reply.
“Getting one for me as well?” he heard Sherlock say.
“I do love you out in the open.”
“What the hell are you doing?!” he cried, and turned around to face Sherlock. Sherlock was taken aback by this sudden reaction, and didn’t know how to reply.
“We ought to get some sleep.”
“John, wake up!”
The next day John woke abruptly. He remembered last night in vivid images. Sherlock was still asleep, which was quite unusual. John stretched and felt a slight ache in his sphincter. But it wasn’t even comparable to the aching feeling in his stomach. He looked over at Sherlock who stirred and started waking as well. As their eyes met John tried to communicate his feelings non-verbally for a second before he said good morning. He then leaned forward to give Sherlock a kiss, but Sherlock turned away before he got the chance.
This time John made his usual annoyed waking up sound, and Sherlock gave him a moment to reconcile, before he addressed him again.
“Really? Wow. Brilliant!”
“Tired?” Sherlock asked John, and walked over to the window to close the curtains.
“I know… Have you done this before?”
They didn’t reply; just let Morris do his work. Being untied was far better than being tied up after all. When Sherlock was loosened, Morris spoke to him.
Mycroft’s black car had picked them up early and driven them to Heathrow airport, where they had boarded a British Airways plane heading for Aarhus Airport. It was the tiniest airport John had ever set foot in. They had got on a blue bus that would take them directly to the centre of Aarhus. The city, Sherlock had explained, was Denmark’s second largest, with about 300.000 inhabitants. As the bus rolled into the bus station, Sherlock pointed at a large (in these surroundings), modern tower behind them.
“Sherlock!”
“Maybe we can just be each other’s better halves?”
“Alright!” John said, as Sherlock spun the bottle, and neither of them could remember the phone call when they woke up the next day.
“YES!”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “While I was faking my death, I was alone absolutely all the time, apart from the time when I was captured, which isn’t exactly what I’ll define as good company. So… when I’d been away for a year, I.. –“
for the very first time.
With those words Sherlock withdrew his fingers and inserted the tip of his rock hard penis. He waited for John to be completely ready and then pushed himself all the way in. The feeling completely overwhelmed him. Yesterday had been so brutal, so violent. This was love making, at least on Sherlock’s side. On John’s side it was probably the lesser of two evils. Sherlock looked down and saw the top of his black pubic hair resting on John’s beautiful arse. He watched as his penis disappeared, then emerge again, with soft, slow paces. He couldn’t believe that he was actually having sex with, making love to, John Watson. John Hamish Watson!
“I have, on the other hand, had sex with a man.”
“Nothing whatsoever. I want to make love to you. Sofa. Now.”
“You can’t just suck me off and then ignore me.”
“Well… It’s you, isn’t it? Can’t you see the beauty of that instead? Despite my sexuality I still am attracted to you. Despite my long record of dating women I’ve fallen in love with you. If that isn’t a testimony of your unique greatness, then I don’t know what is.” John hoped this would sit well. Sherlock considered for a moment before he gave John a little smile.
The room was beautiful, John thought. Hints of gold everywhere, a beautiful view over the church, and a large square in front of it, which John had failed to notice earlier.
John laughed, and heard that the taxi driver did the same.
“Yeah, obviously I had to learn it while I was dealing with the whole Magnussen business.”
And so they kissed again and this time it lasted for more than five minutes, until Sherlock broke apart again.
Sherlock listened with care. First of all he couldn’t believe that John had actually had sex with a man before. Secondly, he felt so sorry for John, for exposing this part of his past to him. Hell, for even having this past as a part of him.
“New case. I think I’ve solved it just by listening to them talk, they are such morons, but I said we’ll meet them at the location in about half an hour.”
“Night.” Sherlock answered.
“Fine. You know what, John? Fuck this.” Sherlock said, and John was startled by Sherlock’s unusual cursing.
“I think…”
No reply.
“For someone to come.”
“No, you don’t. You fled the scene when Lestrade asked about the two of us. What the hell was that for? We could have laughed about it. But no, the great straight man John Hamish Watson couldn’t possibly be mistaken for a homosexual. Oh my, oh my, the sky has fallen!”
“We should brush our teeth first.”
“Do you think that was how I envisioned we would be together for the first time?”
As the words escaped John’s mouth he heard how embarrassingly sexual they sounded. He had not meant that at all. Sherlock caught his eye and lifted an eyebrow. John was afraid that Sherlock might pick a fight over it again, but instead he just disposed of his coat and said:
Sherlock led the way back to the bus stop, and John suddenly felt emotionally knocked out. What would happen now?
“Afraid?” Sherlock asked, once again with this strange, seductive, animalistic tone.
Finally they stopped in front of a typical Danish brownstone.
“Sherlock? Did you hear me?”
Sherlock watched John finish (took him seven more plates to feel satisfied), and called for the waiter to pay. The waiter was Japanese, but spoke Danish.
“But… why? I mean. You could probably get anyone you want.”
And to Sherlock’s delight, John placed his hand on Sherlock’s, and they both fell asleep like that.
“What was that for?” John asked and couldn’t cover up his shaky sniffs.
“We have to go to Denmark.”
“Well, I’ll choose a film that we both can enjoy. I was planning on showing you the Danish series called “Rejseholdet”. It’s about a team solving crimes, but I think you’d hate me for always deducing who the killer is. I can’t help myself.”
“Hardly. You’re the better man.”
“Hvad for slags værelse ønsker I?” the receptionist asked, and John still couldn’t understand anything.
“Let’s focus on this case, okay?”
“Wow, apparently we’re on the same page, Mr. Holmes. As I said, what I want, and clearly what you want as well, is for you too fuck Captain Watson like there’s no tomorrow. Take off your underpants. Leave the shirt on.” As Sherlock closed his eyes he could hear John moan in agony; several quiet, resigned “no’s”. This was not how Sherlock had daydreamed about their eventual sexual encounter. He’d pictured sentiment. Love. Consent. This was practically rape. He couldn’t do it, no matter how much his subconscious may want to. This was wrong.
“John?” he said and turned over to his side so that he could face his best friend, who was lying with his face and body half facing away. John didn’t reply.
“My god… Sherlock.”
Sherlock woke the next morning by the movement of his hand. Strange. Nothing in his brain had signalled that his hand was supposed to move. Why was it moving? It was as if it was moving up and down something. Like a pole. A wet pole. Oh no. Sherlock opened his eyes and saw that John was moving Sherlock’s hand up and down his erection. John, however, seemed to be asleep. Sherlock immediately felt his own penis grow to massive heights. What did this mean? Did it mean that John was attracted to him? Or was it merely a subconscious action? But subconscious actions usually came from a place of lust or want. The brain knew it needed it, but the mind hadn’t caught up just yet. Or maybe it had, but was in denial. Oh, it felt so good to slide up and down John’s midsize penis, to feel his wetness stick to his own palm. John started moaning, and Sherlock, with the help of John’s hand, picked up speed. Sherlock emerged into the dream he was living, but then, as if someone threw a bucket of cold water in his face, John awoke abruptly and pushed his hand away.
“Fine.”
“Jeppe Magnussen is the complete opposite of his brother. He works as a meatball chef at IKEA, and that’s about half an hour from here. He won’t be home all day. I’ve had Mycroft check his working schedule.”
“Yeah, I’d like to try that.”
“No, I – … Wait… what?”
“I think I deserve to know.”
“Deserve?!”
John turned away, and still Sherlock remained silent. At that moment the door opened again, and Daniel Morris came into the room. A stripe of light from the hall outside blended them, as they were so used to the melancholic, dim candlelight in the closed room.
“Why won’t you let me touch you?”
“That’s the city hall.”
“Do you…?”
What?”
PS: Be a dear and leave my
“Do you have any lubricant?” Sherlock asked, looking down at his tied up best friend, the man he loved and had wanted to make love to for ages. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. He tried saying this with his eyes, but John had turned his head towards the wall.
“Yup.” Sherlock said, punctuating the p as he often did when making a point.
“So. Where were we?”
“Then why can’t you look at me?” Sherlock asked, a tone of hurt in his voice. John looked up at Sherlock, into those heavenly blue eyes of his best friend. Get a grip, he thought. It’s Sherlock. Your best friend. Of course he is allowed to have a sex life. Of course he is. God knows I’ve been with enough women my lifetime. He smiled, and repeated his answer, but with more truth to it this time.
“Wait, what?”
“For example. I’ve been wondering if best friends can do this.” Sherlock said, and moved the arm that was enclosed around John further down on his chest, stroking one of John’s nipples. John let out a gasp.
Back in Baker Street Mrs. Hudson was waiting for them with warm tea and fresh cookies, clearly arranged by Mycroft. She congratulated them with their fine work in Denmark, once again clearly information she’d gotten from Mycroft.
“Yes. You’re absolutely right. It’s what I want that is significant. You’ve just made this project so much easier. I was planning for you to use objects, but you’ve got a quite nice and sizeable object yourself right here. Now. I’m sick of joking around, strip as I instructed, or I’ll blow your brains out.”
“It’s not a far walk, but we can do the tour later, after we’ve dropped our luggage.”
Press conference regarding
And then nothing could be heard except for a gunshot and a man screaming in pain.
“John…” Sherlock tried again, but was cut off once more.
He took a step away from Sherlock and muttered something about needing new clothes and disappeared up the stairs.
“Okay.”
“I’ve done it before, and I’ll do it again. Come on. Blow my brains out. I hear my brain is a rather magnificent one.”
“John, what’s going on?” Sherlock whispered, but not silent enough, because the sergeant answered.”
“Have you slept well? I hope not. As I said I have a treat for you today, Captain Watson. Seeing as Mr. Holmes failed to hurt you properly yesterday we’re going to use this little object today.” He held up a baseball bat and Sherlock shivered.
“That’s easier said than done. In this hotel room there’s only you and me. Out there we’re out in the open.”
John lay awake for several hours. He had listened to Sherlock’s breath growing deeper and deeper until it evolved into silent snores. So that was the explanation. Sherlock loved him. Sherlock had even paid someone to sleep with him so that he could imagine he was being with John. But something still didn’t make sense. Why was Sherlock so afraid of John’s physical approaches? Surely when someone you love wants to touch you, you let them, don’t you? At least John would appreciate it if Sherlock touched him. Wait, what was that? John felt something shift in him, so emotional that it became physical. John wanted Sherlock to touch him, and not just on a sexual level. He wanted to be held, to be caressed, to be loved. The revelation hit him like a lightning. He was in fact in love with Sherlock. He’d just been the world’s biggest idiot in denial. He wanted nothing more than to kiss Sherlock, which as he came to think of it, he realised they hadn’t done yet. They hadn’t even made love per se. It was pure sex. Rough, hard, sexy. It hadn’t been love. Every attempt on John’s side to show affection had been completely rejected. And then he understood. Ha was indeed the biggest idiot alive. Since the very beginning John had denied in every way that he was interested in Sherlock. On their first dinner together, while they were spying on the taxi in Northumberland Street, he’d explicitly said that they weren’t on a date. He’d told Mrs. Hudson that they of course would be needing two bedrooms when he moved into Baker Street. He’d told Irene Adler that he wasn’t gay, and he’d said the same to Mrs. Hudson. Heck, he’d even gone and married a woman (even though that went straight to hell). He had rejected, declined and dismissed Sherlock since the very beginning, so afraid of what people would think, that he even hid the truth from himself: The truth being that he loved Sherlock intensely. No wonder Sherlock wouldn’t want John to show him affection. He was afraid of opening his heart even more to someone who clearly wasn’t interested.
“I… you… you’d grabbed… my hand. I just…”
Sherlock did as he said, but when Morris approached John he took out a knife.
“That day we met… In Bart’s. I was so turned on by you and by the way you looked with that microscope. And then you spoke, and those deductive skills would have had me begging for you then and there if I hadn’t promised myself that I’d never ever let myself tilt to that side again. Ever.”
“What now?” Sherlock spat into the phone. It was obviously Mycroft calling then.
“Isn’t it?”
“You heard me the first time. And before you freak out, I’ve had a medical check. I’m fine.”
“What?!”
It’s like I’ve been in a
“Fair enough.” John said and they got into a taxi where a Scandinavian-looking man greeted them.
“You’re traumatized?! As if! You weren’t the one being raped! You were the one doing it, remember?!”
“Godt. Tredje sal. I kan bruge elevatoren derovre.”
“What?” John said, panting.
“You’ll see. Now sit down, or I’ll shoot Captain Watson’s leg, and then he’ll have a limp that can’t be fixed with antidepressants, all right?”
Sherlock placed his penis at John’s body entrance, and even though he hated this, excitement was bubbling in him, like champagne. He pressed John’s legs up against his stomach and kept his hands there.
They both went into the bathroom, which was a beautiful one, decorated with roses and painted art. John felt like stepping into a romantic movie, but he knew better than to say this to Sherlock. There was only one sink in the bathroom and John, being the shortest, stepped closest to it and started brushing his teeth. John could see in the mirror Sherlock getting undressed down to his black underwear only. This was hardly the first time John had seen Sherlock in his underwear, but somehow this time it made him completely forget about time and space. He just stared at Sherlock, mouth almost open, and it wasn’t until Sherlock addressed him that he re-emerged back to normalcy.
“Yes, Captain. At your service. Or is it suddenly the other way around?”
“I feel so humiliated, Sherlock…” John said, and Sherlock could hear that he was, once again, on the edge of tears.
breathing pure oxygen
“Hell, what do we do, Sherlock?” he asked after the failed attempt and turned onto his back again. Sherlock could tell that he was clearly uncomfortable.
They went into the elevator and Sherlock pressed three, key card in his hand. As they stepped out of the elevator they entered a beautiful hallway with multiple doors all around. Sherlock led the way towards a door at the far end, and opened it.
“I won’t say anything to anyone that might compromise your integrity as a straight man. I know how utterly and irreparably heterosexual you are.” Sherlock said, sounding even more serious. John clinched.
They kissed, hugged and laughed, until John spoke again.
“Good. And I won’t say anything to anyone.” Sherlock said mockingly, but somewhat serious at the same time.
“Yes, you might be right.”
“Well… yeah…”
“It’s a beautiful city, isn’t it?” John asked Sherlock, as he looked down the little street.
Sherlock hung up and turned towards John.
“Do best friends do this, then?” Sherlock asked, and turned around so that he easily could remove the duvet and place his other hand on John’s lower abdomen. This time John wasn’t capable of giving a response. He knew what was coming next and his entire body trembled just by the thought of it.
“No, not at all.” John said.
“Yes, I thought that was fairly obvious.”
John exhaled heavily and tried to turn closer to Sherlock, but he couldn’t, so he settled with putting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Wait. What? Yesterday was your first time?”
“You’re as good as they say. But I still don’t think you know how lucky you are.”
John felt himself blush to the colour of the London sun on extremely polluted mornings. He looked down at his hands at felt the nine beers do uncomfortable things to his stomach. Or was it the beers?
“No, that was not my agenda.” Sherlock said seriously. John hated himself for having brought up the subject again, but still, it was Sherlock who made such a big deal about him being gay, not John.
“John, would you please not do that?” Sherlock said with an alarmingly stoic tone.
“Huh?”
“Yeah, beer and a movie. Brilliant!” John smiled.
“No. Honestly. I want to be with you.”
When he woke up the next morning there was a text message on his phone, but it wasn’t from Sherlock. It was from Mycroft. John’s heart pounded hard. What could possibly have happened to make Mycroft text him? He opened the text and let out a breath of relief.
“You never spoke a word of Danish then.”
“SHERLOCK, WILL YOU MARRY ME?”
This was it. There was no going back now. Sherlock looked up at John and saw, not an angry face, but a puzzled one. John’s beautiful green eyes was staring down at him, and he felt even smaller than he did at John’s wedding. He had to look away again.
“Okay.” John paused slightly before he tried again. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock picked up speed and after a couple of minutes he felt his orgasm build up. It was crucial that John didn’t come at the same time, so I removed his hand from John’s dripping penis and let him self go and collapse into an amazing orgasm.
“Sherlock?” John called again.
“Call The Daily Mail and hand them the sequel.”
“No… I’m sorry… I just… You’ve made me cross some fuck-high barriers these two days.” John said, looking at his hands. They were sticky from having held Sherlock’s cock. Somewhere John was happy that at least a part of Sherlock didn’t hate his hands, although it was just dead semen.
“No, it wasn’t.” Sherlock answered loud enough for the three visitors to hear.
“What does he really need us for, then?”
“Your sexual appetite makes you hard just by being exposed to strong wind. I’m not taking credit for that.”
“Yes, it is. And now we’re here.”
“Is this the time and place for something that makes you stutter like a twelve year old school girl?”
“Even though you are not in fact homosexual, as you’ve claimed at several occasions?”
“Can I come in?”
“This is just your perverted way of making a joke on my expense. Just like in the lab in Baskerville.”
After having emptied himself, Sherlock made a fake apology to John.
Sherlock found a Visa card in his pocket that John had never seen, DK written in white on a red background.
“Oh please.”
“Brilliant.” John said before he could stop himself. Sherlock sent him a smile and it made John bubble with warmth.
Mrs. Hudson was up early that morning. She was excited about today’s newspaper. After all, her boys would be featured in an article regarding their work in Denmark. She was so proud of them. Motherly proud. She walked out to collect the paper and she actually dropped her teacup and screamed when she saw the front page. As she picked it up and studied it closer, tears rolled down her cheeks.
Sherlock looked at the front page, and Mycroft could tell that he had become completely out of breath. Sherlock opened the paper to read the section within, and Mycroft leaned over to read the headlines.
“Erupt with me, John.” Sherlock whispered, and that’s all it took. They both screamed out loud in overwhelming orgasmic pleasure, and John felt his cock squirt fluids onto the expensive sheets. His orgasm felt everlasting, his whole body was on fire, and after something like eternity he finally descended and buried his face deep down in the sheets.
Sherlock opened his eyes. His vision was blurry and he had a slight headache. As his eyes began to focus he looked around and saw that he was in a sterile room with dark walls and only dimly lit by a couple of large candles in the corner. He was lying in a bed, and could smell the familiar scent of John next to him. What the hell had happened last night? Where were they? He remembered the two of them had gone to a tiny lugubrious pub in a dark alley outside of London to follow up on a lead regarding their latest case of a missing person named Andiel Rosim. They’d sat down on a table after having ordered two beers as a simple cover. After that Sherlock couldn’t remember a single thing.
John stopped half a metre from where Sherlock was sitting, and if the tension in the air between them had been visible they wouldn’t have been able to see one another.
“Are you sure? You’re not saying this to accommodate me or anything?”
“Oh god!”
The three of them posed for a couple of photos and Sherlock disappeared before John had time to say anything to him.
“Very good. Danes use a lot of English words, you see. Like computer, weekend, sweater and elevator.”
“This is quite a shock.” John continued.
“John? Are you there?”
“You know, just because I’m into men it doesn’t men I’ll jump you in my sleep.” Sherlock said behind his back, having moved to the right side of the bed, John deduced from the sound of it. John decided to confront Sherlock with it, speak his mind and then close his the lid on this matter for the rest of eternity.
John felt his heart would jump out of his throat. He felt something press hard behind his eyelids, but insisted on keeping his eyes fixed on the deep blue pair of heaven before him. Sherlock loved him. How could he possibly?
Mycroft made sure to read the papers before Sherlock could. He didn’t like reading papers that had been read by someone before him. He didn’t like it when the pages got wrinkled. This day was no exception. Sherlock had asked him to bring the papers directly to him, but Mycroft had refused and locked himself in his office, not wanting Sherlock to rip the paper out of his hands, which he could be very much likely to do. When he unfolded the paper, he saw John’s face staring up at him from the entire front page. He was kneeling, sitting on one knee, hands stretching out towards an invisible reciever. Over his head, made as commercial as possible, The Daily Mail had printed in large, white letters:
"Sherlock. I’m an idiot.
John leaned forward and put his hand on Sherlock’s, which lay across his black trousers. John thought this might be a nice gesture of his, but the moment their hands touched, Sherlock jerked it away, almost as if he’d been burnt. The awkward silence that arose with this action lasted four long seconds before Sherlock interrupted it.
Sherlock turned away. He didn’t want to argue, he didn’t want to cause John any more pain, even though he most certainly was not responsible for it. How could they possibly resume their friendship after this? He didn’t want to think about what he would do if he lost John. He’d probably just stop living. Not die. Just stop living.
“I’m going to fuck you, John Watson.” Sherlock whispered, and before John could think of any way to protest he felt something soft and wet touch his arsehole. Oh my dearest goodness, he thought, as he let out a wild gasp. Sherlock was penetrating him with his tongue. And it felt one hundred percent amazing.  John’s response became more and more vigorous, and once again he felt an orgasm trying to build up from deep within him. Sherlock kept on licking, and suddenly he inserted two fingers on each side of John’s entrance so that his arsehole would stretch. Despite the extreme pleasure, John couldn’t help but feeling slightly ashamed and embarrassed. Anal sex had never been on the menu when he’d been with women.
“Kan vi få otte flasker husets øl, også? Til at tage med?”
“Did you like what I did the first night?” Sherlock asked, once again with a voice so deep and predatory that it made John shiver.
“Frankly, it’s not that hard. Just put a lot of vowels together and utter them as if you’ve got a big potato stuck in your throat.”
“Is that the proper term? Sounds like I’m mistaking you for a tissue. Well, I’m going to put my mouth on your penis and suck on it until you reach orgasm.”
“Now, Mr. Morris, aren’t we an unlucky fellow?” Sherlock said with a voice filled with pure hatred. He truly hated the pathetic man in front of him. Hated him for having made him hurt John Watson.
“Well, I am though. That is basically the reason why I’ve been so stubborn when it comes to my sexuality. I’ve always tilted a bit both ways, but after that I refused to acknowledge that part of me. I felt I was the reason for Morris’ breakdown. But then…”
The press conference was a horrible one. Sherlock didn’t look at John for a second, despite John’s many efforts. They almost didn’t say anything, seeing how it was the recovered information from the basement that was the actual subject, so Mycroft did most of the talking.
“Do you think I wanted that?!”
Both Sherlock became much more aware at the uttered words addressing John’s former occupation as a soldier. John, however, spoke before Sherlock had a chance.
“Because you are exaggerating your breathing. You are a very light sleeper. It’s probably due to your time in Afghanistan. Always on alert. You never breathe this heavily when you’re asleep.”
“Since the day I met you, Sherlock.”
“Oh.”
But how had you envisioned things to happen?”
I need you present in my office
“Why? I liked it.” John said, trying to comfort.
“Bend over, and I’ll show you which part.”
“Yup. Tomorrow morning.”
“What?”
“What the - ?! Sherlock, what the hell is this?”
They both looked at each other for a long time until they, at the same time, moved even closer and let their lips met. The kiss lasted for briefly four seconds after which Sherlock pulled away.
“Wow… What a complete dick.”
“Yes.”
“Hej, hvad kan jeg gøre for jer?” she said, and John only heard a long cavalcade of vowels, just as Sherlock had explained.
“Right. The one whom the bottle points at will have to tell a secret they’ve told no one before.” Sherlock said. John, despite of his drunken light-headedness, caught Sherlock sending him an intense look. It made him shiver a bit, but only for a second. The bottle spun and spun until it stopped pointing at Sherlock.
Sherlock put one arm on John’s hip and the other enclosed around his torso. Then he entered, much more gently than he’d done the two other times. This was love making John thought. The sensation was incredible. Having Sherlock’s cock inside him was the very best thing he’d ever experienced. They started moving back and forth, and Sherlock placed his hand on John’s rock hard penis and moved it in the same rhythm as his hips. They both started making loud noises, so loud that Mrs. Hudson would probably hear them, but that was not worth a fraction of a thought at this moment.
“Now. Mr. Holmes. Please take off your trousers.” Morris said, gun pointing at Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated, because he knew what this action would reveal, and John would probably never forgive him. Never forgive him for being turned on by John’s humiliation. Still, with a gun to his head, Sherlock had no choice but to obey, and he started unzipping his trousers. Morris spoke as Sherlock undressed.
“Wow, aren’t you two lovebirds a touching couple? What you’re willing to do for one another, huh?” Morris said, cutting off Sherlock before Sherlock had a chance to respond to or comfort John.
“Sherlock, you’re still in your dressing gown!”
“John. It’s not like that. That man I told you about. The man I’ve been with." Sherlock took a long time searching for the right words. He was a male prostitute whom I came across while I was in Europe.”
“No, please, no, no, no!” John cried, and Sherlock’s insides clenched. Daniel Morris was a maniac like no one else, and he would eventually pay for this.
Being engaged in the conversation, none of them noticed that they were reaching for the same plate of sushi running by. As John’s hand touched Sherlock’s he once again noticed how Sherlock withdrew it. This time a bit more camouflaged, but with a very obvious suppressed sigh.
“And you keep your mouths shut.”
“What I want is quite insignificant in this case.” Sherlock said.
“You… you can’t just do things like you just did though! You frightened me.”
John nodded in agreement and stood by the front door, waiting. After twenty-three minutes Sherlock came back outside.
“Right. The one whom the bottle points at will have to call Lestrade and tell him that his wife is cheating on him.”
“Okay, right.”
“I don’t know…” he managed to answer as he felt his nipple harden.
“We’ll see in the morning.” Sherlock said, kissed John again and moved to his side so that he could put his arm around John.
“Daniel Morris was a sergeant in my platoon. He was one of those guys who didn’t take it very seriously. Down in Helmand, we stayed in a camp of sorts, and when we didn’t see the white eye of combat we hung around mostly. Morris still hadn’t seen what the war was really about. One night, after we’d taken to some drinking, he started coming on to me, even though I was his commander and superior. I dismissed him with ease and left for bed, but the next night he did it again. Approached me when I was taking a piss in the bushes, putting his hands on my shoulders, whispering in my ear. “I know what you are, Captain, and I can help you.” This time I dismissed him hardly and hoped that the flirtation would stop. We were in a warzone after all. Three nights later he approached me again, but this time he came into my tent after I’d gone to sleep. He told me that he really fancied me, and seeing as we were both going on a mission the next day he used clichés as the last night of our lives, live and let live, etc. Well, truth to be told, I didn’t know what came over me, but I stood up and told him to get down on all fours and I fucked him then and there. It was rough, it was brutal, but I figured he’d asked for it. It violated all kinds of codes, but… The next day we were sent out, but I made arrangements for him to be left behind, because I didn’t want him around me. Our platoon was attacked, and Morris’ best friend, Henry Dwight, died. I heard Morris was sent home after having had a breakdown or something. It was awful. I was awful. And now, when he came in with the bat, I was sure he’d kill you. Because he’d lost Henry because of me.”
“Can best friends do this?” Sherlock asked again, and turned completely around so that he could loosen his hand from behind John’s shoulder and move it directly onto John’s bulging underpants. John let out a vocal gasp, far too loud not to be embarrassing.
Lestrade usually slept as long as he could, then rushed out of the house to get to work in time. Today he’d woken up early for absolutely no reason. Well, maybe he could act like a proper English man and start the day with tea, breakfast and newspapers. While he waited for the kettle to boil he went to buy The Daily Mail on the newsstand right around the corner. He saw the story gleaming towards him from every front page and felt his heart skip a beat. Fucking hell!
Four minutes later they arrived at Hotel Royal, a large, magnificent old building with statues in front of it. Right next to it was a large church.
“So, what I want you to do now, Mr. Holmes … -“ Morris said, but stopped himself as he took a glance at Sherlock’s more than visible erection, even through his black underpants in this dimly lit room.
“Det må I gerne.” the waiter said, and disappeared.
“What?”
“I’m not going to say it again. I can’t take it.”
With these words Morris moved next to the candles, where he sat down in an almost invisible chair, gun still pointing at John and Sherlock.
“How do you feel?” Sherlock asked, after having picked up speed.
“What?”
John was walking back and forth in the flat in Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson had already been upstairs, and she’d almost hugged him breathless, leaving with her fingers tightly crossed. The clock was past nine now. Surely Sherlock would have seen the newspaper by now. And just as he  thought so, he heard the downstairs door open. Five seconds later, sweet god he must have run, Sherlock stood in the doorway. They were facing each other. Time stopped. Then Sherlock burst into John’s arms and kissed him tightly.
“I’ll contact you with interrogation details.” Mycroft said, rolled up the black window in the government car and drove off. Sherlock and John stood on the pavement outside 221B and were free at last. After a short silence they both spoke.
“Does it bother you?” Sherlock asked.
“What? Yes, yes.”
“We’re not going to bring it with us. What Mycroft needs is a final confirmation of the storage’s actual existence. Then we will have local police deal with Jeppe while Mycroft gathers all his resources from hell and comes to collect it all.”
“Listen, Sherlock… When… or if we get home… We need to talk about things. Just so you know, so that I’m not scaring you or anything, I just want you to know that eh, I’m not interested in… this. We’re trapped, this is a very peculiar situation… I’ve never… I know you just had sex with me to spare me of pain… This is not…. I’m not… you know… And I dunno if you are… or… but, just so you know… This doesn’t interest me, so don’t worry… I’m just saying… Sherlock… But… You’re still my best friend, and we can go back to our lives pretending this never happened, yes? That is if we ever get out of this mess, all right.”
Sherlock disappeared into his bedroom, shut the door with drastic force and reappeared quickly, having changed into his usual clothes.
conference."
“Oh, yeah, there was a little problem with the check-in. They were out of long-term available double rooms, so this is all we got.” Sherlock said, sounding like a child explaining a wrongdoing.
“Unimportant.”
“Yes, John Hamish Watson.”
“What has that got to do with anything?!”
“Hi. I just wondered… Do you want a scoop?” John asked, smiling.
Sherlock pointed at a beautiful building decorated with old theatre figures.
“I wouldn’t consider myself lucky, being tied up by a stranger in a bed that smells like old semen and mould, but we all have different preferences.” Sherlock replied dully.
* Watson: I’ve always dated women, but Sherlock is something special."
“Now, John. I need to finish you off. And I need to do it with my mouth so that Morris won’t notice what we’ve been doing, is that okay?”
John entered and in his peripheral vision Sherlock saw that John was wearing his striped bathrobe. He loved John in that bathrobe. It was a large part of his fantasies in his mind palace.
“I –“ John tried responding.
“Well, it shouldn’t be. You ought to be a complete and utter moron not to have noticed that. And you are not a moron. Well, sometimes you are.” Sherlock said, and before John could reply Sherlock cut him across.
John hesitated.
“Fuck you, Sherlock.”
“Yes?” John’s tone was still cold. Sherlock’s insides were burning and freezing at the same time.
“I wouldn’t have suggested it if I didn’t want it.”
“No. Of course it doesn’t bother me”
Sherlock took a deep breath and started talking with a shaky voice.
John poked Sherlock in the side. Sherlock stirred and bent over, face turned upwards. John leaned over and put his lips onto Sherlock’s beautiful mouth. The latter awoke abruptly.
“Now. Sit still in your corner of the bed while I undo Captain Watson.”
“Retarded Danish rule. One can smoke inside if the room is less than 40 square meters. Idiotic.”
“What are you –“ John tried to outer, but Sherlock stopped him by shushing in his ear.
“No? What do you mean? You don’t think that I’m sorry for… for this?”
“Sure?”
“Let me have it then.”
Sherlock resented the Berlin wall of coldness that was rising between them. He most certainly hadn’t asked to be trapped in this situation, and it was obviously some dubious history of John’s that had led to this, so why John was so angry with him was beyond his understanding. Being trapped in this maniac’s cell of a bedroom wouldn’t help them reach conclusions or tear down the wall, so Sherlock realised that he needed to find a way out. It took him a couple of minutes before he could think of the simplest, but most brilliant idea possible.
“Fine.”
No reply.
“What?! You can’t just jerk off other people, Sherlock! You may have enjoyed participating in raping me yesterday, but this I won’t have.”
“God, I hate these small hotel samples.” Sherlock said casually and leaned away from John again. Had it been a coincidence? Or maybe it wasn’t Sherlock’s erection he’d felt after all. If it had been, how could Sherlock act so nonchalant?
“Excuse me? I’ve just had your cock inside me, but as soon as you’re finished you won’t acknowledge my existence! Am I just a rectum to you?” John said angrily. At these words Sherlock looked at him with a very sad look on his face.
“What do you want to talk about?” John asked, slightly worried.
“Sure?”
“Sherlock… I didn’t realize. I… So what are you saying?”
“Well, in any other circumstance I find your hands to be quite appreciative.” John said, and patted Sherlock’s right hand. And once again, John forgot Sherlock’s seemingly hatred for being touched by John, and was startled by the quick withdrawal.
“I know you’re not asleep.” Sherlock said after some time.
“Good.”
“I’ll go wash myself, and when I come back I need you to finish me off with your mouth.” he said casually, as if he was asking for a help with the dinner.
“Wow, that was some timing.” John whispered in Sherlock’s ear.
“John!”
“Hi guys. Sorry for barging in, but you didn’t hear us knock.” Lestrade said, uncharacteristically happy. Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John obliged. Sherlock leaned in from behind and started kissing John’s neck, while massaging his shoulders. He guided his kisses further down the back and towards the buttocks. He started licking them, first the left, then the right. John shivered and let out a tiny gasp. Sherlock started massaging the buttocks gently, then more firmly before he spread them a bit so that the beautiful glory of John’s arsehole became visible. Without warning Sherlock inserted his tongue as deep as he could and John let out a gasp.
“Obviously.”
“Yeah, well, it took me a while to fall asleep.” John tried.
“You said, that in your mind palace, you’ve pictured how your first time with me was supposed to happen. What did you have in mind?” John asked playfully. Sherlock led John up from the bed; no words needed, and made him stand in the middle of the room.
“This is just like that god awful crap movie you made me watch. It’s so much cooler in real life, though.”
“What do you mean?”
“Not exactly the typical best friend behaviour, this?” John said, laughing.
“I was several years in the army without ever lusting for another man. I’ve always dated women. Forgive me for being straight.”
Mycroft only sent him a greasy smile before he followed his brother out the sidedoor.
As they walked off the bus in the centre of Viby, just a tiny little place with a tiny little church and a tiny little square, Sherlock led John down a street and then down another street.
Some silent minutes passed while John caught his breath, and then he spoke again.
John hadn’t emerged from his bedroom all day. Sherlock was pacing around in the flat. Mrs. Hudson had been up, but he’d shooed her away with instructions of leaving him alone that day. When the clock moved close to 11pm Sherlock was sure he wouldn’t see John anymore that day, so he went to bed and lay awake until five in the morning, when he drifted off to an uneasy sleep.
So Sherlock was with Mycroft. At least he was alright. He stood up, took a quick shower and put on his finest clothes. He wanted to look nice for Sherlock.
“Alright then. If you say so.”
“No, you take it. I’m full.” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on something insignificant to John’s left.
“John, I need you to let me have sex with you again.”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Fine. Go ahead.” Sherlock said. He wasn’t going to let this happen.
“Well, we’ve never been of the average best friend sort either, have we?” Sherlock said, smirking. “Does my arm bother you?”
Sherlock spun the empty beer bottle on the floor between them.
John had learned to just wait and let the enthusiasm wear itself out, and then he would be served all answers and then some. And like from a textbook, this is exactly what happened ten minutes later, after Sherlock had passed back and forth in the living room, checking things on his phone.
Sherlock got up, and despite the fact that he, as always, failed to include John in the plans right away, John couldn’t help but smile. Sherlock’s enthusiasm was contagious.
and suddenly something
(And even though John suspected it, he never got to know for sure that Sherlock deliberately had asked for a room with only one bed during their stay in Denmark.)
John turned towards Sherlock, as far as the ropes allowed him, and tried to reach the rope around Sherlock’s left wrist, but with only one hand it was impossible to untie it.
“It was horrible timing. Look at them. Lestrade is feigning some kind of idiotic happiness, Donovan looks utterly disgusted and Anderson, well, look at that. Anderson’s cheeks are blushed and he is trying to hide a very visible erection. I’m thinking the timing wasn’t so good and that they walked back out again. Am I wrong?” Sherlock said smirking.
“The only thing I got from that exchange was that this is the elevator.” John said, half laughing, half still shocked by Sherlock’s linguistic skills.
“Nope.” Sherlock said casually, and he realised he sounded as if the whole situation bored him. He knew that he should be more on the edge about this strange situation. Someone obviously wanted to hurt them. But the fact that he was lying here, in a large bed, side by side with John, made his heart beat mysteriously fast. He’d been picturing himself in bed with John several times over the past few years, so often that the daydreaming had become a regular part of his daily visits to his mind palace. He’d reserved a whole area for John, places in which they would finally kiss each other, touch each other, sleep with each other, love each other. And here they were, tied up in a bed together as if caught in a bondage sex dream, although fully clothed.
‘At first I was afraid, I was petrified.
‘Oh, yes….but-’ gesticulating with his right hand, smiling ‘forget about it’
Sherlock sighs heavily, gaze transfixed on the computer screen. He jots notes down into black moleskin book.
‘About what? I don’t understand, I mean…I could understand it when we were teenagers, but now….absolutely not’
Sherlock takes a long breath, rolling his eyes, annoyed.
When he does not speak, the man continues, ‘You are so full of yourself. You can’t even understand what’s really going on - that Sherlock might need somebody he can actually talk to.’
JW 23 :38
Mycroft looks pale.
‘I’m… I’m outside your door.’
‘Sherlock was with him that night.’
‘Greg!’ he whispers
‘Yes,…kind of, I think’ He turns toward Sherlock, smiling at him, whispering ‘It’s Jane!!’
‘We already knew this.’
‘Russian spies’
John looks Sherlock in the eyes, asking for the truth “And you chose to love Victor, because he’s in love with you, right? You’re both in love with each other?”
‘Be useful Inspector!’ Sherlock calls out before turning the corner.
‘We’ll have three Russian counselors that could might help us for the Moran case’
Sherlock stares more sternly at him.
Sherlock to Victor: “What did she tell you when you met her at the university bar?"
Silent.
‘Grant Lestrudel, what do you take?’ John asks sarcastically, Sherlock looks at him smiling
Thousands of people queue standing next to the soup kitchen bar, waiting to get a meal.
Mary smiles “Yes...yes, I know. That’s why I’m here. I want this case closed just like you. Let’s close it together.”
‘Yes, my love.’
John goes toward Sherlock with a wrapped gift ‘I still have to give you the present I bought in Madagascar. I don't know if you're interested, but take it, anyway’
‘I have to go to work, but… what is keeping John?'
Mary looks at Molly, who seems still shocked, dragging her toward the corridor.
‘What are you talking about?‘
Sherlock divulges.
“Why do you accept food from my brother? He could kill you.”
He looks around, walking through the kitchen ‘Lovely’
Sherlock, still laughing ‘No honey, I’m not’
‘Warming up the bedroom.’
‘Yes.’
Lestrade stumbles, ‘I don’t know, I-‘
Greg smiles looking at them ‘let me know if you find anything interesting.’
‘We should employ you, Mary,’ Sherlock comments, still looking out the window.
John slowly wakes up, rubbing his eyes still closed, walking through the kitchen. He glances at the tv while opening the fridge. Suddenly his phone rings, he peers at it while taking it from the kitchen table.
John looks dejected and shocked “I didn’t know it...I...he seemed to feel good...I couldn’t imagine..and Sherlock didn’t tell me anything.”
‘Hmm.’ John bites the inside of his cheek, the other puffing outwards. He looks at the ceiling, a slight smile twisting his lips as he ponders Greg’s impression. Narrowing his eyes, John ogles Greg with confusion.
‘Oh my god, really?’ Mary looks at Molly surprised.
Do you like Fox Moos’?
‘We chatted for some days, he was always lovely, and funny, and I honestly was waiting for him to ask me to go out and take a coffee’
John looks at him, not answering, shaking. Downstairs someone is opening the door.
Sherlock and John fall in step behind Greg, as he parts the crowd like a shark through flotsam. Neither of them make further eye contact, embarrassment etched on their faces, and the three of them make their way down to the karaoke section of Ku.
‘I know.  There’s a part of me that wants to forgive everything. On the other hand, I also want to give him a punch in his damn face and tell him how much suffering he’s put me though in the last months.'
‘Ohh, nice’
Everyone has already watched, downloaded and emailed the thing round...' Lestrade's voice quietens, as guilt tugs his brows down and his lips assault the last of his coffee.
John answers firmly: 'Yes'
‘Are you telling me it’s my fault if you got married?’
‘To introduce his boyfriend to us?’ Greg asks, smiling, seeing the obvious.
She doesn’t reply. Her phone rings repeatedly.
‘Well?’
‘Do yo- what’ his face turns serious
’18 hours, max!’ Sherlock shouts while being shoved down the hallway.
‘what damn code he put here……think, greg, think…..’ ‘….sherlock..birthday?’
‘Hey….I—‘ he looks at the man, walking toward Sherlock, ‘I sent you a message before.’
Mary is pacing rapidly between the door and the window, looking repeatedly at the phone on the bed. Suddenly she gets a call. She peers at the number, trying to figure out who it belongs to, painting, biting her nails. She takes the phone and goes toward the window's curtain, hiding behind it, and looking out the street to see if anybody is out.
'He really did it?'
Mary crosses her hands, getting closer to him. “Sherlock has nothing to say, Greg...he’s over. Defeated. He’s the past. He won’t help you anymore, and you know it. If you want to close this case, I’m the only one who can help you.” She holds his hand, reassuring him.
-----
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
‘Where are you John?’
I swear God you’ll pass the worst 10 minutes of your life the next time you’ll see me.
‘Yes. Indeed I do.’ Greg runs a hand over his face, feeling the rough stubble already creeping through. ‘So, what he was doing in the toilet then?’
‘Right, turn right on this way, we’ll have a walk around and see what happens.’
‘Be careful...I think it’ll be more dangerous to get out now’
‘It’s just temporary.’
‘Yes! What? Good..it was good!’
Mycroft looks at him smiling ‘Some things never change, brother mine’
TO: JOHN
TO : SH
"We've got to the point, then, finally." Mary comments, sarcastically.
Sherlock takes a long breath, looking down ‘I....I lost it..’
She seems agitated, as she hastily walks upstairs.
John looks at Mycroft, gesturing with a warm smile. His eyes stray to the material on the bed sheets. Finding that he cannot clarify what it is, John moves closer. As his eyes focus properly, he can see clearly that a t-shirt with yellow writing lies atop the bedding.
Sherlock: 'Things do change, Mycroft. And so me and Victor have changed. Get over it.'
‘I have an idea'
Greg has his glass of water near Mycroft’s face.
‘What move?’
‘Can I have one, please?’
FROM: SHERLOCK
They both laugh.
He lays near Sherlock, watching him reading and leafing the pages.
‘Sherlock, shush...please, we’ve got to collaborate!’ John chest begins heaving from the effort of dragging the much taller man up the flight of stairs.
‘Mik-ehm…Jane??’
‘Mycr-why? What happened?’
John feels a rush of emotions, all of them excited as gives a little dance step, shakes his arms, and leans into Sherlock’s ear. ‘Should we act like a couple?’
‘Not yet.’
“Nothing can justify what you've done to me....” He says, dejected. “And I wouldn’t believe you anyway...” John tries to hold the tears. “It’s over, Mary...everything’s over.” He turns, going away, walking fast. Mary lowers her head, whispering “I know whose fault it is...” she turns, looking at Sherlock going away from the other side of the street. A child runs toward her, hands in pockets, head down. “The teacher..he knows it, madam, he knows the story! And he’s going to tell it to the class, soon, very soon! Exam time! Clock is ticking.”
‘Do you think he has information from the list?’ John asks.
From: Greg
10 : 03 AM
“....Ok, so? What are you going to do? Stop investigating because John won’t help you anymore?”
John looks at Mary ‘A friend?’
‘But they still saw each other..’
‘Research.’
‘Y…yes.’
‘Mrs. Hudson, go down to the basement and get the medical book!’ John shouts at the landlady.
‘Yes!!’ faking a laugh ‘isn’t it weird?? He started barking as hell, he wanted to bit me! I mean…really….how???’ trying to look believable
‘No!! I didn’t!! I didn’t accept, I didn’t know who he was and I was afraid they could hurt to Sherlock, so I declined’
“Sure..”
‘You’re getting married NEXT WEEK?’
‘Because you’re my friend, and John is my friend too. And I saw what he went through when you died Sherlock. I know he cares about you, and I think you two should talk to…..just close this argument forever and come back together.’
The doorbell chimes again.
‘Looking at James Tanaka.'
Sherlock is aware of John over him and speaking to him, but he can’t seem to form a proper word, so instead continues to mumble, whilst shaking.
…....
‘Who?’ Sherlock frowns at them, John does the same
‘Of course not’ Sherlock answers, smiling.
Greg “Calm!!! keep calm!!”
‘I saw you on television yesterday.’
‘Yes..’
‘I know you want to solve cases with him because, you love these little adventures with your best friend…’
‘You could sleep at my place too, there’s no problem,’ he replies and glances up at Mycroft.
Sherlock stands up, walking away, worried. John follows him, but Sherlock's hand stops him. "Lestrade. What happened? Is he alright??"
‘Mycroft doesn’t want us to bring him to hospital.’
‘Nope!’ Sherlock goes quickly toward the living room. Suddenly, Mrs Hudson walks in
‘You said you both lost your way on the bus? So he wasn’t a Londoner?’ John asks, curiously
Silent.
“Out of service"
‘Yes’ he laughs.
‘Yes. You’re right….you’re…..perfectly….right’.
Sherlock is okay, I believe.
(4:49 pm)
‘You’re welcome,come back soon boys! We have many accommodations for young gay couples, byeeeeeee' The Clerk warbled after them.
John grabs Sherlock, pulls him closer, smiles, and winks at him.‘Like this, maybe?’
‘A list of the surgeries who operated in London two years ago.’
Sherlock nods in approval, then looks out the cab window.
‘He sent me an sms this morning, asking to get a coffee together’
‘How can I help you?’
John: ‘Yes, we kno-‘
‘So….there will be somebody who’s going to…..play me??’
‘I asked him if he was going to be Sherlock’s friend again......and he answered <<best friends are always best friends, no matter how life change their lives. But lovers... once they’ve loved, will never be friends again.>>
The bodyguard stops him ‘Name’
‘Oh! This must be Greg, he’s always the first to arrive!’
‘Am I?’
‘I’m going away…’
FROM : Greg
Mycrof shuts the door.
‘Who was? Moran’s gang?’ John asks
We’ll try to keep a low profile
‘Are you going to beat this one, too?’ ‘Have you ever met him?’ The women call after him.
‘Sure. We must do a research about all the Seraphita names in London’
They both laugh.
‘So….he was dead?’
‘Oh…y-yes, sure, sorry.’ He quickly stuffs the note back into the envelope when Sherlock walks in. His eyes are half-closed, he looks a bit dazed, his curly hair is a mess.
‘What’s your aim, Sherlock? Show to John you can have a “life”, too? Is him your trophy?’
Tucked away at the back of the drawer, Mycroft finds a creased black shirt. He takes it. Unfurling the balled material, Mycroft discovers yellow writing – the hand of which that penned this writing undoubtedly being that of Sherlock Holmes. He looks at it for a while, thinking, then closes the drawer and takes the required clothes to the bathroom.
The trio walks through the halls of Scotland Yard, and everyone’s trying to catch a peek at them, as they enter Lestrade’s office.
‘Okay, I’m coming’
‘Hey, your brother is coming’
Sherlock ‘She told us pretty much the same, until she broke down in front of us’
‘And, what about us, should we stay all night long waiting for him to come out?’
‘So…Jane’ Sherlock gets out, drying his hair with a towel, talking to Mycroft ‘Do you still want to know if I had sex with the ‘French friend’ (looking at Greg) or not?’
Greg stands up and turns the cigarette off on the ashtray near the fireplace, then goes toward the kitchen
John laughs harder.
FROM : Greg
‘You were obsessed with flowers! The house was filled with flowers!’
‘The message!’ Sherlock suddenly snaps, he stands up, prowling toward the door.
Sherlock steals John’s fork from his warm grasp, venturing, ‘Could I try-‘
They’re walking down the road, toward Baker Street. He has his hands on his pockets, Sherlock in his coat.
Mary looks sternly at John, who starts getting nervous. He understands something’s wrong, and finally checks the blog, looking at the post entry:
‘Oh, please, that’s ridiculous!’ Sherlock answers, looking at the policeman next to him.
I’ll send you to Mycroft, I swear.
‘what do you think about….a Stella Pinot grigio 2003?’
Mycroft takes his phone for one last time, checking it.
“Me??? I’m out of mind!! Not you! Right? It's always my fault! You’ve been lying to me since the first day we met!”
'He's not like that, he doesn't feel things that way...I don't think'
They are still for a moment, looking confused. When the three of them finally leave Baker Street, there are thousands of flashes and a multitude of microphones blocking the way. The fans start screaming to one another, and shouting Sherlock’s name.
9:57 AM
‘Thank you.’
‘It’s an adaptation of the regional French classic’
‘I’ll be always with you’ whispering into Sherlock’s ear, finishing the poetry, then smiling at him.
‘Shhhh, wait’ He goes down on him and starts kissing Sherlock’s chest, his nipples, then down on his belly until he starts licking and sucking his cock. Sherlock starts moaning louder, keeping the hands on his hair, pushing him ‘oohhhhhhh, yes, yes, mmmmmmmmmmmm’ he closes his eyes, then turns his head back toward the angle of the room, up the library
‘It-‘
‘Are you joking?’ Sherlock raises his left eyebrow, yelling at his brother.
‘…But then I spent so many nights thinking, how you did me wrong
‘Did he answer you?’
Greg stares at her thinking, then suddenly realizes ‘Ah~’
‘No...not now. Later, just...relax!’ He commands no longer looking at the Inspector, but eyeing the club warily.
Lestrade hastily follows Sherlock out of the office, his chair swirling as he rises. He calls out, ‘Wait Sherlock! I don't know what you’re talking about.’
Victor doesn’t answer, standing still for few seconds, then running down the stairs. He walks down the road, taking a long breath “Do not cry, idiot, do not cry!” He huffs out and coughs, trying to hold back the tears.
A student has just finished reading her poem when Mark walks in, taking the microphone and speaking, clearing his throat “And now, let me introduce you professor Trevor, who organized this event. A great teacher and a beloved friend for us all.”
‘Oh, I understand… three days ago.’
few seconds of silent follows his answer, dejected. “mary”
‘…So…’ swallowing ‘how do you feel?’
FROM: JOHN
‘Perfect! What a great team we have here! I should employ all of you!’ Lestrade comments ironically.
Sally ‘What about the map and the tape you found yesterday at the hotel, Sherlock?’
Greg “...and what about Victor?"
‘She said that I’ve changed since Sherlock is back,..that I’m always concerned about him and I don't think about her anymore.’
TO : SH
‘He forbid me to see you for a week or more…’
“Yes” He nods, taking a long breath. He closes the book in front of him, putting it on the table next to him.
A remote switches off the television.
To: Mycroft
Lestrade huffs out ‘What the hell this means?’
Mary smiles. “Yes,...I know about Daniel, I know he's your son, and..I would like to know if he got in contact with you in the last few days.”
Mycroft, sorry.
Moran smirks, full of anger, then loads the gun.
To : John
People behind Greg start complaining, and the bodyguard looks at Greg with disdain.
‘Yes, I hope he won't forget it.'
‘Yesterday evening. He flew to Berlin in the early afternoon, but he didn’t notice somebody was following him. The German Police found him dead in his apartment.’
‘Ehm…’ Sherlock rises his head toward him ‘Seraphita’
‘It doesn’t work with me, John, at least let’s check his home!’
John, looking at Victor: ‘We thought it but….then we realized it wasn’t true..Mary, please, calm down!!’
FROM: LESTRADE
The milk is now dripping down Sherlock’s chin, and onto his neck.
‘He helped him to get through a bad period of his life, and now this one.’
‘You haven’t. But things...things change, John.’
‘Smoking in bed and talking about our future’
‘What names?’ Molly asks, curious ‘Are you still on the Moran case?’
‘No, I mean the name, how they met?’
“No, I failed Sherlock. I feel like a shit. For something I’ve not done. And I was publicly shamed. I have to pack and come back home.”
‘Yes, It’s okay now. That’s what I wanted...yes.’
‘Do you…’ blowing smoke from the cigarette ‘come at baker street or shall we see somewhere else?’
John raises both his eyebrows in confusion, then turns Sherlock’s phone off. He turns the lamp off too, and curls back into Sherlock’s arms again. He reaches down, and pulls the sheet back up, to cover them both completely, then enfolds his arms around Sherlock’s body and his head back onto Sherlock’s chest, closing his eyes.
‘That’s your life. You chose it.’
1:15 am
‘You okay, Sherlock?’
John looks at him puzzled.
‘Sure,’ he smiles without mirth, pops a candy into his mouth, and looks out at the gardens in front of him.
John hangs up on him, as Greg careens back onto Baker Street. They drag a slightly awake Sherlock out the car and upstairs, into the living room. They put Sherlock on the sofa, and stare at him worriedly. His mouth is hanging open, and his eyes roll back into his head. Greg starts pacing back and forth along the room.
‘Night.'
‘Goodnight Sherlock’ she wishes. Still, he lays out no reply. The cords are the only infliction he gifts the home this moment. Mrs Hudson, sighing, closes the door behind her. Sherlock abruptly stops playing. Huffing, he turns the sheet music page once more. He stands statuesque, gazing at the notes. He thinks. Taking up the bow again, tying it to the violin, he continues thee hunting tirade. He plays.
Sherlock, impassive “nothing?” looking at Greg and his phone
‘Oh…god’ he huffs angrily. Sherlock avoids his look going toward the table, looking for some sheets.
They get into the car and keep the headlamps turned off, as they slowly drive toward the main street, waiting for the group to leave the pub, and they park with the group in their sightlines.
I gotta go. enjoy Paris, bye.
‘A friend…..’ Sherlock answers, staring at John, ‘I went with a friend….’
‘Laughs, cries, thoughts, poetry, books, and music, lps, movies….’
‘That’s what a memory can make. With time it changes, and you can even forget it, forget that moment. And times passes, years passes, and one day, you’re on a train, coming back home, and you put your earphones on and you listen to that song you haven’t listened to for ages…and suddenly the memory starts filming in front of you, you’ll clearly see it, you’ll start remembering everything, every moves, every scene of it, you’ll even taste the coffee, how sugar you put on it, you’ll remember the light that covered part of my face when we talked, you’ll remember the table, its texture, the sensation you had when you touched it, and suddenly the memory will be in front of you, as it happened the day before. And that will be the moment when you’ll feel sad, happy, melancholy….about it..’
‘Yes, sure! John would do anything for him. John is Sherlock’s angel. When John is around, Sherlock will always be safe.’
‘Such an unfortunate face. OH and he was Japanese! And his build was athletic, very athletic.’
‘Madagascar, we’re comiiiiiiing!!’ he turns on the radio.
‘You’re a doctor!’
“Sherlock” he whispers.
‘Goodnight'
John stops and turns back toward him. ‘Wh…what do you mean?’
‘Be specific Greg.’
“Have you read the poetry?" “What poetry?" Sherlock answers, munching.
. I suggest to listen to the songs I add to understand better the mood and the meaning of the fic. To listen to a song, simply click right mouse button and 'open link to a new window'. Hope you'll like it. Thanks for reading. Anny.
‘I watched the trailer on youtube’ Victor comments, laughing, knowing Sherlock is not excited about it. ‘A Study in Scarlet.’
John turns toward him ‘About what?’
JOHN :  …… (raising his left eyebrow,still carrying the flowers in his hands.)
‘No, you can’t, you’re on diet’ Sherlock comments
Tanaka looks back at his brother, nods at him, and the brother nudges the arms of the other men and the small band trudge out the front door, shutting it firmly behind them.
Silent.
"John-"
'What' attempting to take a piece of sashimi with the chop sticks, but failing.
‘I would like some coffee, and James Tanaka.’
He attempts to take up some of Sherlock’s weight, but Mycroft firmly interjects, ‘No, I’ll handle this.’
Sherlock nods, and mutters something John takes for an affirmation as he steers them toward the VIP section. John looks around at the sea of people, when a nearby man dances closer, a drink sloshing as he moves. He’s singing along with the music, but exaggerating the words as it’s too loud to hear himself.
John puts the bag on the sofa “It will be just for tonight, don’t worry.”
John starts looking at the bookshelf and drawers. Greg looks over at him ‘What are you doing?’
‘Here...at the cinema..., the fourth day...the fifth day they were in a famous fancy restaurant, The Trinity...the sixth day they were having lunch at the park...’
‘Yes, Sherlock, but that’s not the problem here.’ John attempted to certify.
‘Okay’
Sure I will :)
FROM : John
Sherlock’s face turns angry ‘What are you talking about?!’
Sherlock unfolds the letter again, repeatedly rereading.
John’s feet patter, as he waltzes along Baker Street, opposite the house. He drops his foot to the road, intending to cross over the street to the front door. However, a man exits. Eyeglasses on, some shaggy books on his left hand, vacates the house. He shuts the front door firmly behind himself. John frowns, as a vague recognition latches onto the hairs of arms. They stand tall, as the man crosses the street an approaches. As their gazes clash, the acquaintance smiles broadly at John. They each exchange polite greetings, the man waving his free hand as he passes John’s fossilized form.
‘He’s the one who avoids me, it seems like I can’t help him anymore, doing everything by his own and always hanging out with...Victor’ He steps forward, talking closely ‘Sherlock has changed, Mycroft. And he’s slowly replacing me with Trevor in his life.’
TO: GREG
They are in front of each other.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, taking a long breath.
‘But did he give you this message?’
‘Ah..ok….let’s see tomorrow then’
’ John imitates Greg with a sarcastic tone
‘Yes...I mean…it’s time. I think…’
Sherlock turns answering to John ‘Victor has nothing to do with it, anyway’
‘When this happened?’
“No, seriously...I’m..” he shakes his head. “I was a dickhead, sorry. You were trying to help me and I acted like a moron.”
(phone ringing)
‘Hey, wait, she called the police and we arrived, I couldn’t let you go on doing something she didn’t want to’
‘Sherlock.’
To : John
‘Because the case has been reopened’ Sherlock answers, stopping her and looking straight into her eyes.
To : Greg
“It doesn’t matter now.”
‘Yes, I’ll explain later.’
doing in there?’
Suddenly the crowd notices John, they start waving at him, and he waves back. He gives them a broad grin before closing the curtain.
They both cracks a smile
He hangs up and glances around searching for Sherlock..
‘How can you not understand?’
‘Facebook.’
"Why am I here?"
Three!
‘And trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart,
Sherlock mumbles something unintelligible.
‘I don’t know, but he doesn’t dislike them, he…he’s glad. You know him, he’s not so friendly’ he smiles.
(Incoming Call -  John)
Mycroft is leaning against the table, leafing some document’s pages, when John walks in. ‘Ohh... it will take long time, apparently.’
John’s looking at Sherlock, whispering   ‘I swear God if you survive to this…I’m gonna tell you all the shit I never told today.’
Sincerity in Admitting Fault: It was wrong of me to say that. You worked so hard on dinner and I had no right to try and diminish your wonderful meal. Your friendship is a gift. Oh so precious and so rare. I know I sometimes take it for granted and I despair.
---------
Silence permeates throughout the room.
John takes a long breath ‘I want to know who’s that guy’
‘I’ll tell you later.’ A knowledgeable grin causes Sherlock's lips to quirk slightly.
‘Or, as I call it, Ragout de Legumes au Pistou’
‘Mary and I have to do a final check on our location, I completely forgot about it...sorry Sherlock.’
Sherlock doesn't know.
The boy raises his glossy gaze, looking to him, ‘Will you find him? Moran?’
John turns toward him with a quizzical look.
‘So that we can contact him, and find out if he knows something about Moran?’
‘Yes?’ bringing Sherlock closer to him, his hands on his waist, giving him small pecks on his cheek.
I didn’t go to his house, anyway…goodnight and have fun in Madagascar!
‘You’re completely far afield.’
Mrs. Hudson, smiling "The kettle is over there, boys, I have to go."
‘Great!!!!’ Sherlock comments almost shouting, faking a big smile on his face, quickly searching from the piles of books and sheets on the table.
‘I win! I told you—‘ Sherlock’s voice calls from downstairs.
‘Mmm.’
‘What do you mean Greg?’
Silent.
‘We met on the bus, he was lovely. We talked a lot, he was so charming, I believe he was a teacher or something because he handed books, and he wore glasses, you know, the typical professor you have at the university’
‘…and then I implored him to go out, but he wouldn’t! That was the moment I called you. It was terrible. I thought it was an earthquake at first, but it was so much worse!’ Mrs. Hudson laments.
And I could blackmail you for all the stuff I've seen...
Mycroft brushes Sherlock’s curls out of his eyes, pouring shampoo atop the black mass.
‘I remember very well - you’re not the Sherlock I used to know.’
Victor “Yes, sure” he takes his phone from the pocket, scrolling down the contacts and shows the number to Greg.
‘….come on, it’s just for one day’
Molly, hesitantly “...why? what do you want to do?”
The waiter arrives and brings the dishes
A nurse goes toward the doctor, he turns to her “Get Holmes, he must have surgery right now.” “Why?” she asks, doubtful.
‘Yes, but you just removed the head of his gang,  not his base’ replies Lestrade.
‘It’s me! That’s my profile pic.’ She smiles up at him.
‘I was so scared this afternoon…’ John whispers to himself while watching his sleeping former flatmate. ‘ I couldn’t think properly. I thought I was going to faint when I ran out of surgery. I thought no not again, please God, no. I couldn’t even catch my breath when I ran down the street, my chest and throat burning. I was thinking about all the things I still had to tell you. Things that I never had the courage to tell because…’ he trails off for a moment to gather his thoughts, sighing deeply 'I’m such an arsehole. I thought…why….why is this happening to me? Then I arrived at Baker Street, found Donovan outside, and asked about you. She told me you were okay. I was so relieved. I felt like nothing else mattered in the whole world. I lost all my energy, I couldn’t even climb the stairs. And when I walked in…I wanted to cry’ His throat caught heavy with emotion. ‘I wanted to cry because…that feeling…that feeling when I thought I had lost you forever…it came back again. And I was afraid, so afraid I could barely move. I was shaking, but then I saw Lestrade outside your bedroom door, and I tried to be strong. Then I walked in your room, you were here, and everything was okay. I didn’t need anything else, and I thanked God.’ John’s eyes were moist and brimming with tears. ‘I love you Sherlock, I love you so much.’John kisses Sherlock’s brow, and strokes his hair, resting his cheek on the feverish forehead. Sherlock, though still sleeping, grasps John’s hand tightly, which causes him to turn off the bedside lamp, and settles himself on the bed next to Sherlock.
‘I know, but it’s not that easy, plus we’re looking for illegal surgeons. These are people who do not certify their job, they’re hidden, they have different day jobs, and perform surgeries at the night, it will be hard.’
From: Anderson
‘Bye.’
Where the hell are you? The Disney store?
A silence, striking against the previous violent shouting, ensues.
‘MYCROFT, YOUR BROTHER IS DYING IN MY LAP. HOW THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO SAVE HIM, CAN YOU TELL ME?’
‘Yes’ he smiles, looking at Sherlock ‘just like our Sunday afternoons’
Greg “What do you mean?"
‘ Fear of growing old and being alone…..’
‘Yes, Yes’ he smiles ‘the beach has a beautiful white sand and the color of the ocean is transparent, it’s….stunning’
Victor laughs, going in the kitchen ‘I should leave you, after what happened last night, I told you it was a bad idea to bring me to your friend’s party’
‘What t-oh, Anthea!’
TO: LESTRADE
“No, I told you Mr. Trevor, We can’t."
9 :56 AM
‘Lestrade.’
No! Again, Mycroft- I am fine. Now, leave me alone.’
Sherlock snaps at her,‘Why do you all assume I’m not okay? Why do you insist on asking me if I’m okay? You think I’m sad, Lestrade thinks I’m sad, Mycroft thinks I’m on drugs. John Watson gets married and suddenly everyone thinks I’m depressed. That I’m not ‘okay’ and having suicidal thoughts or something. What the hell is going on in your funny little brains? Stop looking at me like I’m loser. You all think I care, you assume I wanted John back to Baker Street. When I never said anything about that. I never asked him to come back, I never wanted that. How do I make you all understand that I’m fine with John being married? Shall I shout it from the rooftops? Should hop around like a fool and throw this confetti at everyone? Do I need to get a sandwich board that proclaims, ‘I’M HAPPY JOHN WATSON GOT MARRIED!’? He has his life, I have mine. I don’t want him home complaining about experiments, cooking, watching crap telly, and bringing a panoply of women home. I must be alone. All I have is my work, my mind, and my violin, that’s all I need. So, you can stop treating me like an idiot. Stop thinking I should care about how ‘things have changed.’ The truth is that I don’t care, I just needed him as a colleague- that’s it. Stop comparing me to you and your small brains!’
‘yes, please, please, ahhhh’
‘Let’s go!’
-----------------------------
‘Tomorrow morning’.
‘I know Greg, I know he did it to save me and my life. I know he was away for 2 years to protect me. I’m not angry with him anymore, it’s…..’
‘Ah, okay’
‘Cherie you’re asking me to publish your nudes on facebook, do you understand how many people would look at them?’
“why..." he whispers, crying.
Sherlock immediately gets up and stalks out the room.
Greg and John are walking upstairs
FROM:LESTRADE
‘Or, at least, that’s how you seemed.’
‘Tanaka.'
Sherlock swallows nervously "...who? wh- what happened?"
‘Are you so sure?’
10:20 PM
Sherlock turns a page of the sheet music. Mrs. Hudson continues into the kitchen, puts the kettle on, and pulls out some chamomile. Searching for the mugs, hoping to avoid experiments, Mrs Hudson begins to prepare the base of the chamomile tea.
What are you doing in a gay club? Why is my brother drunk and sending photos of you in a toilet? Why is he singing I will survive?
From : John
‘Yes, sure, the message he got from Adair’
He puts his arms on the wall, the box is between them, he stares at it, thinking.
John, licking his lips ‘What did you tell him?’
What happened? She asks, looking terrified.
John looks at Sherlock confused.
‘Excuse me?’ John stares incredulously.
He smiles, thinking, a bit curious about Sherlock’s intentions ‘…..If he had asked you, would you have accepted it?’
John ‘I’m...I’m..sorry, I don’t know what to say.’
John doesn’t reply, staring at the laptop, embarrassed. Then nods. “..mm...yeah. Listen, I was trying to write and update my blog, but...I don’t know if we have the situation clear..I was trying to recollect everything, from the beginning: I was shot."
Her father holds her “Don’t blame him, he did his best...it’s not his fault.”
"Don't worry Mrs. Hudson, they sorted it out"
Sherlock doesn't answer going in the kitchen to prepare tea.
‘The meeting was almost done with. We have said everything that we needed to say to one another. I just left earlier.’
Good, I’m going out to the market
‘Why not?’
‘You know we have the honeymoon coming up.’
The woman moves over to James, and gestures over to Sherlock. James morphs his face into annoyance, as he walks quickly towards Sherlock.
John shuts his eyes. ‘Y—you?---oh...’
‘I thought it would have been easier to come back with Sherlock, but..it seems harder since he has that new…
‘The crowd drugged by crap telly.’
‘Yes.’
To : Sherlock
‘To be honest…I don’t know.’
The last part is inspired by Pulp Fiction.
The man closes the fridge door and moves toward the sink.
Sherlock looks dazed, not knowing how to reply and sipping more wine to take time.
"Her kindness, bravery..and her talent. She's the typical Victorian woman, but she's also capable of standing beside Watson and help Holmes in the Sign of Four."
Victor ‘Exactly! For God’s sake, fuck off your family and live your love, why are you so worried to come out and live your life as you want, as you really are?’
John and Greg are sitting in front of each other, with two cups of warm tea on the table. Has just stopped raining outside, cars run on the street splashing rain on the asphalt, randomly people walk outside carrying their umbrellas. Inside Speedy’s a woman is cleaning tables and the bar is half empty.
‘Thank you guys…goodnight’
The woman looks at Mary with uncertainty.
‘Oh jesus, poor me….’ His hands on his messy hair, then takes the Polaroid on the table ‘I think…’ peering at Sherlock ‘we could take some pics in the bedroom’
The couple stands, lingering only a moment longer before picking up their bags and leaving.
Sherlock slinks toward her, and with a fluid motion, takes the bag, opens the fridge, and tosses it up on the top shelf. ‘There.’
John wakes up, hearing Sherlock rising his voice angrily, listening to the conversation.
Greg smiles "Come on..."
‘You know we missed you, John’.
Mycroft gives him a cigarette, lending him the packet ‘I neither smoke but….you know….sometimes we all need one’
‘My compliments for the move.’
Mycroft stands up quickly ‘I’m leaving, you’ll take a taxi in 15 minutes. Then leave at Pall Mall, a car will wait for you and bring you at Whiteall, the dinner is at 6 pm, the minister is always punctual, we’ll have a few discussions about two amendments and laws we have to change, the first two will take 20 minutes of talk, and not so much responsibility, the Russian Case is much harder, but when we’ll come at it we’ll serve the cake, so thereafter he will probably hint at the night I ran away from the convention, I’ll answer I took the first train to Cardiff because my bellowed wife died, in that moment you’ll give your condolences saying you didn’t know anything about it because you were busy with the Moran case, the minister will do the same and after some minutes of chatting he’ll finally leave, you’ll follow him commenting it’s a bit late for you, too, implying you’ll leave soon, he’ll say good-bye reminding me to call him on Friday to let him know the law passed and will successfully walk away.’
‘Fantastic, I started watching it one week ago, I didn’t know anything about it, I casually changed channel and it was already on, so I kept watching it and I loved it’
"You were the last piece of the puzzle."
“Your eyes. I never saw you looking at me like that before."
‘Are you worried about him?’
John pauses for an inkling of understanding from Sherlock, but as the other end remains silent, he barrels onward. ‘I’ll send you a photo. You’ll like it.’
‘Oh, I trust you, because he didn’t do receipts, absolutely nothing, I bet he neither had any kind of agenda..’
'My feelings were really hurt by our fight. I felt like I was being attacked and didn’t have a chance to defend myself, even when I tried to explain things later. Our friendship means a lot to me and I really want us to work this out.'
Sherlock turns decisively and proceeds to run out the front door, elbowing the men on the other side. John is frozen in confusion, holding the letter, while staring at Sherlock’s fleeting form, ‘Sher—ahhh! Why is he always so hysterical?’
‘I think….your landlady is downstairs, I don’t know if-‘
‘I’ve had enough, John. You and this man’ pointing at Sherlock ‘It’s heart warming! You’d do anything for him: spying on him-’
'FUCK YOU ANTHEA!! FUCKING FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! SHIT!'
TO: JOHN
Mycroft “Who told him about it? Who gave you the photos?"
‘No, bad view, here is better’
‘Have a good dinner’
Molly ‘John…so, how was the holiday?’
Mycroft insists, trying to convince him, lowering his voice, speaking softly “Do it for me. It’s for your safety. If you don’t find her, you’ll risk your life. And I won’t let it happen.”
Sherlock takes a long breath, turning to his moleskine, faking to sketch, thinking. ‘Next time you bring up this discussion I’ll leave you’
‘Yeah..’ Sherlock whispers, still looking at it and thinking ‘I passed my whole adolescence there…’
"I'm not the John Watson they show on tv."
‘Okay.’
‘ Fear of Miley Cyrus’s tongue’
"I know. You're smarter.' Sherlock smiles at him. Suddenly, the phone rings.
‘He was eight. That day changed our life forever,...it made us stronger,...our relationship started changing,...it was harder....I had to be a mother,...a brother,....and he hated me, because he couldn’t cope with mum’s death, and he rejected it on me, because I was her reflect,...and, not at least, his unique friend.’
Mycroft comments in the background 'An agenda, romantic'
Mary turns, thoughtful.
‘Pub?’
FROM: SHERLOCK
Sherlock starts singing ‘mmmm---but we went away…’
Sherlock looks at John, answering back ‘Opposites attract.’
‘It’s one in the morning and you want to know about a t-shirt… go to sleep john. We have a flight tomorrow! We need to wake up early! We have to be at the airport by twelve.’
‘What the he-‘
‘The first….time I had the pleasure to meet your…friend, Victor. Do you remember it?’
FROM: Mycroft
‘Absolutely not, but the case is going on, and I can update you about the last news we have’
He stands up, still clutching the phone, though his sight is still a bit blurry, and falters in his quest for the toilet. He makes to the kitchen table before the phone trills again.
‘Take a free day,’ Lestrade suggests smiling.
‘Bored’
‘Really?!? You told me he declined your invitation for a coffee’
‘So, Moriarty dies. Adair, one of his gang members, is then sent to prison in Kent the next day. The police can’t find Moran for two days, until they attribute a burn death to him. The kicker is, he’s not actually Moran, probably somebody from Moriarty’s gang though. Meanwhile, the
“Mark,..I can’t stay here anymore, I’ll just take my stuff and pack...I...I have to go away”
‘Eh, and...’ he whispers something into the phone.
He tries to hold the tears “Why you didn’t tell me anything? I would have saved you! You would be here now.” He rests a red rose on Victor's grave, whispering "Thank you...thank you for everything, thank you for teaching me how to love, thank you for teaching me how to forgive, that kindness is a form of strength, that we should always believe in what we do, and never give up, even when the whole world is against us."
FROM : SH
‘Well then next time find a baby-sitter for him, because I am not you. I can’t fix all your probl-‘
‘Yes’
Mycroft sits on the sofa staring at him, ‘Anyway… you need some rest.’
“He’s always in his room, or curled up on the sofa sleeping. I think he’s taking sedatives. He doesn’t eat...barely talks.” She takes a moment to breath deeply. “Oh, John...I can hear him crying in the night,...he often goes to the bathroom to throw up...he’s so pale...”
Sherlock huffs out, annoyed, falling in the pillow ‘I didn’t call his name…’
Sherlock merely smiles at him, and closes his eyes.
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Mmmm..yes. Oh god, what time is it?’John asks.
‘What did you take Sherlock?’
‘A bit..’
‘I walked every night,…here, on this sidewalk, and I stopped exactly where we are now, on that point,….and I stared at your window for hours until I could see a shadow, a gesture, anything…that made me able to see you,…just for a bit. I waited every night, Sherlock… I came here at the same hour every night, I’ve been waiting for 30 days, whole nights, until you turned the lights off, then I knew you were going to bed, going to sleep, then I could whisper goodnight to you, and promised to myself that one day I would have come back here to tell it in front of you.’
‘Nothing will be the same after tomorrow Sherlock…you’ll come back at your work, at your ‘real’ life, with John, with Moran, with your cases. That’s the life you enjoy, you had your week off to stay away from work as your brother said and you took me, I’m not blaming you, I’m just saying the truth, nothing will be the same tomorrow…because tomorrow there will be him’ He opens the main door.
‘Did she tell you she could have it easily?’
Sherlock pretends he didn’t hear him, turns toward John and gives him a noncommittal nod ‘Hmm?’
‘Yes yes, sure, and he was an illegal surgeon, come on, it doesn’t work!’
FROM: SHERLOCK
Sherlock stops laughing as John elbows Greg roughly to make room at the sink. ‘John, did you know that they FUCK each other?' He slurs his words as he gestures towards Greg. 'Mycroft and him.'
Molly quickly checks at the menu ‘Ehm….Okay, I take a Sirloin steak, with field mushroom, grilled tomato, chips, mustard & tarragon butter…. I haven’t eaten all day!!’
‘Why?’
Greg turns toward her, frowning, ‘Y-yes.’
‘Ahh...you don’t give up, do you?’
‘Wh-‘
At that, Sherlock delicately opens the letter, revealing the written contents to his bright eyes.
11:00 pm
‘It was your birthday, he has nothing to do with you, why Sherlock brought him?’
‘He’s downstairs, singing karaoke.’
Greg ‘The CCTV caught him yesterday and we made a research with the screenshots, the server gave us the name of the guy who was driving the car behind the taxi, it’s Daniel Williams’
John looks to Sherlock. ‘Where are we going now?’
‘John….I should talk you about…’ Greg sees John is still looking through the cab window, not turning toward him ‘John’
Sherlock and John are both munching on the bakery goods in the living room, while Mrs. Hudson is still in the kitchen picking out a treat.
‘I’m FINE!’ he shouts.
As soon as John gets into the bathroom he takes out his phone.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, but looks around as John opens the cab’s door.
As John began to wake, he noticed that something was different. He tried to move but found himself unable to. The solider took over and he opened his eyes and analyzed the situation: he was in his room; his arms and legs were bound to the bed with thick ropes and he was naked. His clothing was mostly gone, only his pants remained. “What-?”, he tried to escape, but it was futile. “Don’t try it, dad.”, the man heard a voice, which he recognized as his sons. “James, what are you doing?”, the doctor wanted to know, but Jim ignored him, the man would get it soon enough. “I want you to know, what ever happens next dad, that I’m completely okay with it. In fact, I even organized it. I only want you to be happy.” With that the black-haired man left the room, ignoring the confused shouts of his father.
The curly-haired alpha sprung out of his bed and ran downstairs. All while calling loudly for Mrs. Hudson. The grey-haired beta woman came out of here rooms, still sleepy, but annoyed with her tenant. “What now Sherlock?”, she asked her arms crossed and her stance aggressive. “I have an important question.”, the brown-haired man told her, “which day is it?” “Sherlock today is the 25th July” “Okay and which year is it?” This let the beta frown: “Sherlock, dear. Are you alright?”, came the concerned question from the landlady. Sherlock nodded: “Everything is alright but answer the question.” The women sighed and told him: “2010.” The alpha didn’t even try to hide his glee, which concerned Mrs. Hudson even more, but bevor she could say something, Sherlock ran back up and began to dress himself. After grabbing his Belstaff and scarf he popped out with a quick “Bye”
But bevor that could happen, Moriaty reappeared and he ‘died’. For three long years he destroyed the criminal’s network, the only thing that kept him going was John. His smile, his laugh, his annoyed sighs, his wonderful scent. The way he would put up with the alpha and stay by his side, even at the darkest times. Even after he came back and with Johns feelings of betrayal, the blond-haired man choose to forgive him.
And he was definitely rejuvenated since he looked like twenty again, instant of the nearly forty he was used to. If the letter could be believed he was eighteen again, with a doctor license and enough money in his bank account to ‘make his journey easier’. Whatever this meant. Looking for his wallet he went through the house again and strangely found it in the kitchen beside the opened letter.
Instead James ‘Jim’ Watson, was born.
James knew why his dad was withdrawing.
All while fate watched them, happy that everything now stood corrected.
“What are you doing? Is this some kind of game between the two of you?” “No. I want you. And Jim told me that this feeling is requited.” John began to blush and tried to get out of the ropes again: “Sherlock we can’t. I’m twelve years older then you. And not just that. What would your parents say?” The curly-haired man bended down and began to kiss the neck of the bound man, who unconsciously drew his head back to offer more to the young man straddling him. “I don’t care what they say, or anyone else. I don’t care that you are older than me. I only care about you. Please John. Don’t reject me. Don’t reject us, only for something little as a few numbers.”
Determined he bought a newspaper a few streets down, in case it was all a big joke and checked the date, after confirming again that he somehow traveled back in time, he set out to buy certain things, like cushions and blankets, a few of these horrible jumpers John liked so much, a second fridge for food only, food for the fridge and lots of tea. The first things he would hide from the omega in question until he was receptive to Sherlocks courting. The fridge and other things he would put in plain sight, hoping that it would make the doctor agreeable.
“Shut up, Jim.”, noticing the curly-haired mans discomfort, he became serious: “You like my dad. Admit it.” “I won’t admit anything.” “Well then I won’t tell you.” Sherlock frowned: “Won’t tell me what?” Smirking the black-haired man told him: “Well what I won’t tell obviously.” The brunet tried to deduce the young man across from him but knew that James won’t reveal anything if he didn’t want to. Hesitantly he nodded: “Okay, I admit, I may like your father.”
As the man woke, he found himself in a bed and an unknown room. Rolling himself out of the bed and marveling the strange dream he had, he looked out of the window and promptly began to pinch himself. ‘I am still sleeping.’, was his thought, but as pinching himself did not help, he ran his hand through his hair and sighed deeply. ‘What happened?’, he asked himself and looked out again. Outside he could see a few trees and what looked like a city, but nothing that reminded him where he was.
Six years later
In the end he lays on his bed, the night before he must give his best man speech, the night before he would lose someone, he holds so dear, that he does something he never done before: he prays. And even if he can hear the nagging voice of his brother: ‘Caring makes you weak’, he prays the whole night. He prays to the stars, to the moon, the beginning of time, he prays to everything he could think of, praying that someday he would get his chance, even if it is in his next life.
Half an hour later, he stood over the shot down Hope, promising him endless pain, if he didn’t tell him Moriatys name, which the murder readily gave before taking his last breath. Only a few moments later the police arrived, and the alpha got wrapped up in the orange shock blanket. The brown-haired man began to argue with the DI, but as he saw John approaching, he shook of the blanket and went to the omega.
The time traveler knocked loudly on the door and the noise from inside quieted. A murmur was heard as a woman’s voice told someone, something. What exactly was said, John couldn’t hear, but he doubted that it was anything good. A few moments later the door was opened, and a petit woman stood in the doorway. The woman looked sickly thin, her face looked gaunt and overall, she was very pale. Due her short skirt and shirt, the track marks were clearly visible, the woman noticed his stare, crossed her arms, and wanted to know: “Can I help you?”
In hindsight Sherlock sometimes wished that his first night with John would have gone differently. He had seen and smelled the beginning of attractions from the omega for him and instantly rebuked them, unsure what would and could develop. But now, months, years after getting to know the former solider he knew that he made a mistake. After he first realized that, he wanted to drop his doctor a few hints, wanted to experiment how long it would take John until he would either get it or snap.
A few hours after his purchases the curly haired got a visit from his brother, much to his annoyance. “What do you want?”, he hissed at his brother. The alpha only raised his brown and spoke: “You made a few interesting purchases today, brother. Food, even though you rarely eat, a second fridge and let’s not forget these horrible excuses of clothing.” “And? I can buy what I want.” But the red-haired alpha ignored him: “And let’s not forget the cushions and blankets, it almost seems like you are preparing yourself to court someone and build a nest to mate. This leads to the question, who are you preparing to mate? “I don’t think that is any of your concern, Mycroft.”, he told his brother. Again, Mycroft only raised his eyebrow and leaned onto his umbrella: “Do you really think so? Don’t forget how upset Mummy would be if you mate some sort of harlot.” This time the brown haired alpha growled: “Don’t call him that.” “Do I need to remind you? Caring is not an advantage.” But Sherlock didn’t care anymore and began to ignore his brother. After a few silent minutes his ‘guest’ stood and made his way out of living room, but not before he uttered a few final words: “I will find him, and then we will see how he will fare.” With these final words he finally went away.
“Mike, can I have your phone?”, the roundly man shook his head. “Sorry left it in my jacket.” “Here use mine.”, the blonde offered, which the alpha took.
‘Yes, finding it will help us reach Moran. I’ll start again where I left off before the explosion.’
Still, even after waiting for a while, there is no reply.
FROM: INSPECTOR GREGSON
(4:39 pm)
‘This is bullshit, you’re getting nowhere, I was so close to solve the case yesterday, the truth was right there, but somebody is misleading us, that’s why we got shot in the taxi, it already happened, Victor has nothing to do with Moran’
Greg looks hesitant ‘I…..’ walking toward the living room, slowly, and lowering his voice ‘Could I?’
John shrugs ‘I think he threw up.’
The door rings. Sherlock ignores the contraption, attempting to concentrate. His fingers tap swiftly at the keyboard of the computer.
‘Yes’  he fixes the slab back in place and slits the seal of the letter with spine of the blade.
Lestrade laughs, Mary cracks another blinding smile. John frowns at Sherlock, and then slowly turns toward Lestrade.
‘We’re going to Tanaka; to get the code Adair gave him.  It’s time now! I know there’s something in that message that can help us.’
‘But don’t make promises you know you can’t keep.’
‘He wasn’t killed in this hotel!’
Sherlock smiles silently at the backwards statement.
Sherlock slides the microphone into John’s hand before he can have second-thoughts. John starts singing; unbelievably, he’s even worse than Sherlock,
‘Sherlock!’ he stands still looking at Sherlock going away
‘So, why are you bored, my dear?’
‘because..Mary you know what I went through when I believed Sherlock was dead'
‘I have a dinner with the minister’ Silent. ‘…I have to apologize’ smiling ‘…would you like to come?’
‘He couldn’t even try, anyway’ Sherlock adds ‘He knew I could go to your dad’s home whenever I wanted to’
‘But, I bought chicken this morning Sherlock! I won’t put these things near it.'
Mycroft waits before answering, feeling Sherlock's stress and rage. “..You don’t have to go with me, if you don’t want to.”
‘We’re looking for him now. He must know something about Adair.’
Mycroft takes a long breath, looking around “Yes, I know.” He sits on Sherlock’s chair, trying to relax for a few seconds. Then takes breath again “Russia wants Sherlock dead"
Mary looks down, taking beers with both hands ‘It’s not the right place to talk about it, John. And I already told you the holiday wasn't the problem.’
‘You got bored, didn’t you?’ he comments, smiling
‘I know.’ Sherlock grimly acknowledges.
"So?"
‘My house is under-sssssuper-ppppprotection.’
Mycroft looks at him, almost embarrassed.
Mary replies annoyed 'We'll talk about it later, John.'
‘Of course he didn’t sign up with his real name, he must have…”
Sherlock peers at him out of the corner of his eye, smiling. "How you feel?"
‘EEhm…ehm…. I….’ totally embarrassed, he jumps out the bed, takes the Polaroid and walks toward the bedroom door, ‘I think I should go now,  ehm….’ Blushing, still trying to buttoning his trouser
---call ended---
‘Ehh….no, but I think you’re right’
‘Are you playing?’
‘Sherlock’ Mycroft whispers 'I always recognise his feet climbing the stairs.'
‘Good morning’ John smiles.
FROM: SHERLOCK
‘What did he ask you?’
“I'm not in Baker Street! I'm home! Our home! And lately you keep disappearing without giving me any answer."
John’s eyes dart around nervously, ‘are you…sure? I mean maybe you just had a…. quarrel?’
‘We didn’t have the time, and you know how Sherlock is.’
‘The ones with hazelnuts? They should be near the sugar,’ she replies while leaving the kitchen.
‘It’s not true..I didn’t use you, I enjoyed what we did, and it wasn’t because John was away. I can’t go to your wedding because simply I don’t want to. Why do you have to throw away a week of enjoyment and peace and nice things between us just for a ‘no’?’
TO : SH
‘This is his decision, not mine Greg, I can’t act like he didn’t say those words, he meant them.’
‘I was drunk!’
Sherlock’s curled up on the sofa, still with his coat on. His mobile on the table starts ringing. He slowly stretches out his arm to reach the mobile, and answers with a rough, sleep-filled voice ‘mmm...’
1. J.M.
‘I couldn’t even watch Hannibal’
“Mycroft...we called the CIA Inspector...he has never met Mary since the case began...he has never met her. She’s been lying to us all the time.”
‘H--how did you know he’s Tanaka’s brother?’ John mumbles, trying to be discrete, as the rest of the crew stares daggers at them.
She smiles shyly down at him, ‘Hey...can I sit here?’
John & Greg are walking toward the bar.
John “now?"
Mary smiles."Oh, really? What a coincidence..I'm going there, too. It'll be a pleasure to see him, Patricia."
"You said you're glad to be with me in this hard time. It's Victor's hearse, he's right behind us, he's probably having a laugh now looking at us..."
Sherlock’s phone rings, he quickly takes it reading the message, John sips beer looking at him
16 : 12 pm
Sherlock puts the glass on the table and turns to look at him. ‘Do you like the perfume?’
John suggests ‘Well we could proceed even faster if I take another 5 of them. What do you think?’
“I’m not jealous, what the hell are you talking about"
Record the show tonight. I don’t want to miss it.
Everyone stop eating, resting the cutlery on the table and looking at each other, Sherlock keeps chewing indifferent while his phone rings
‘Good….’
‘Terribly boring’
Mycroft fakes a laugh ‘I don’t need them anymore, you didn’t even notice I lose weight‘ smirking
‘And what do you think you’ll end up with?’
‘There’s a note…’ Mrs. Hudson shows John a sealed envelope. John takes it, and puts his phone on the table to open it.
‘Really?’ he smiles.
‘Well done, Molly!’ John cheers with the glass of beer
‘GREG RUN HERE! RUN FUCKING HERE GREG! PLEASE’
‘Mycr-?’ Sherlock rises his eyebrow, thinking, then suddenly realises, turning toward Greg ‘He’s planning to move here, isn’t he?’ walking threatening.
John looks at the note, pausing a bit confused, then at the message on his phone.
Molly looks at Victor with a mixture of kindness and concern, whispering. "You love him so much, don't you?"
‘Hmm?’
Greg stares at John, trying to give an answer.
Greg and John leap back from shock.
‘…and? dangerous you said…why?’
Mycroft opens a drawer, looking for underwear, ‘You need to eat.’
‘I….’ John holds back the tears, taking a long breath.
‘Exactly’
‘Good Morning!’ Lestrade sarcastically replies, as he munches on his breakfast. He sits at his desk, crumbs scattered about, with his computer loading. Upon watching Sherlock slam the door he lets out a, ‘What the hell?’
‘talking about you going to Sherlock’s house, then?’
"You were afraid of some gossip headline"
John does the same, his eyes downcast, deep in thought. Finally after a few blocks, he turns to Sherlock, ‘Who was that man in your apartment?’
Molly’s attention is drawn away from her phone and back to Sherlock.
TO: SHERLOCK
‘He should arrive soon’ Greg comments looking at the clock.
The two merely glance guiltily at each other.
FROM : MH
‘No I mean...this photo.’ Sherlock peers at her profile picture.
FROM: JOHN
‘I’ll give you two days. Then you have to tell me where Tanaka works or I’ll send Anderson to find the message before somebody else gets it.’
From : Sherlock
Silent.
Sherlock puts the glass of wine on the blanket, looking at Victor “..sometimes we build hopes and dreams, and we have lots of expectations,...and things don't go as planned.”
Sherlock looks sad and tired. He takes a long breath.
‘Hello boys’
‘Of course, just give me a couple of minutes, I’ll be there’
‘What?’
‘No! Man I’m not like that. Fuck, no. And Adair didn’t want to kill anyone either. I mean he was afraid this guy would kill him, sure, but he wasn’t going to murder anyone!’
‘But I clearly heard the tv on last night...I read a couple of reviews this morning’
Greg looks astonished at how well he knows the words, ‘Sweet mother of God.’
WRONG
TO : MH
On both the small TV in front of them, and the large screen behind them, the song title the big screen pops into view, it reads:.....
Sherlock rolls his eyes with an annoyed moan “Why are you insisting on Victor? He didn’t take the money, leave him alone. he couldn’t kill a fly..he’s afraid of his own shadow, he still sleeps with the lights on"
Lestrade looks at him, still embarrassed ‘I’m…sorry, I didn’t know you were------busy…’
They come closer to each other and raise their glasses ‘Cheeeeers!’
‘TURN THAT FUCKING RADIO OFF!’
‘Everyone changes, John, you’ve changed as well.’
‘He is, don’t worry, we’ll do anything to bring him back home’ Victor stands up, putting a hand on her shoulder. Suddenly the police breaks in the bar, some students stands up scared from the bar tables. Victor looks at the cops walking toward him, not understanding their intentions, he looks at the girl ‘probably they’re here for Daniel’
‘Dead? Moran is dead? How?’
“Yes! Because of you!”
TO : John
‘Don’t you either forget to take your diet pills’
Silence ensues.
"Just John Watson? No Sherlock Holmes?? Come on..."
‘What?’
‘I have a Gavin Lestrade.’
‘Mycroft has told you to spy on Sherlock.’ John smoothly clarified, watching the strain on Greg’s visage. He pushed further, eyes glowering, ‘Sherlock is going out during the night with people we’ve never seen before and… I mean - it’s strange! Isn’t it?’
‘John, our honeymoon was a disaster, and you’re only focused on your blog, the case, and worried about Sherlock and his new fiancée, I wonder if you still care about me’
Mycroft turns away from the drawers, glowering at his brother. Sherlock moves round Mycroft, reaching into the drawers for a fancy shirt, ‘I don’t suggest you to wear one of those to bed. You won’t be comfortable.’ Mycroft assures.
Sherlock walks in briskly, his gait causing those present to stifle giggles. Even Donovan cannot refrain from loudly laughing , whilst attempting to gossip with a fellow colleague. Anderson jumps up from his desk chair, throwing his arms out with a wide toothy grin. He sings ‘I will suuuurviiiiiiiveeeeeee!' The office personnel holler back with cackles. Sherlock, embarrassed, rolls his eyes and huffs. He runs quickly towards Lestrade’s office.
‘Ahh,’ Sherlock turns toward the window again.
‘Ahaha, see you, bye.’
‘What?’
All that bed just for me!’
‘Oh! I don’t know. I wasn’t with him.’
‘Don’t you remember it?’
‘Antananarivo!’
‘Why? They could kill us before’ Sherlock comments, John turns worried towards him ‘Jesus...’
FROM: JOHN
‘Outside Baker Street’
A silence ensures, embarrassment exuding from sweating fleshy.
Mycroft stops, thinks for few seconds and then says, ‘Go to the supermarket and buy something.’
‘They have good whiskeys there’
They all drink
TO: JOHN
‘Because your question is stupid’
‘Yes, they’re six books, the first is A Study in Scarlet, it’s based on the cases about the woman in pink, the pink case etc… but it’s different, even if they’re all suicides and some things are related, but the names are the same, there’s Sherlock Holmes, and John Watson, and they live together in Baker Street…you know’ she smiles at John who looks more surprised
To : Sherlock
John, peers curiously at him, ‘where’s Sherlock?’
Mycroft walks into the bathroom, turning the hot water on and plugging the drain. Steam rises, as the bathtub fills to the brim. A honey coloured liquid oozes from a bottle Mycroft holds above the unblemished water. Foamy bubbles erupt, overtaking the borders of the bathtub and seeping down the sides onto the tiled floor. Upon returning to the bedroom Mycroft finds Sherlock’s frame has not stuttered. He continues to sit proudly, though incoherently, reluctant to slumber. Sherlock rubs constantly at his eyes, red and sore, his stomach whining. The scrunch of his nose suggests disgust and Mycroft cannot stop the silent scrunch of his own features as he watches.
‘That’s pretentious, who would want him dead?’
‘Okay, thanks, give me two minutes, and I’ll be dressed, are you ready yet?’
‘Apparently, but you can do something for me’
‘TAKE IT! TAKE IT!’ Greg hands the mobile to John.
“Ehm....yes, Morstan...Mary Mostan..she gave us some photos of Trevor, Victor Trevor,..she told us that you caught him with Moran's gang,...we have the photos...it's him with Adair...and few others.....we wanted to ask you some questions about him."
“Nothing, I....I never thought we could...get into this...really be into a relationship, you and me...something,..serious. I thought it was something pointless for you, just for the sex..."
‘Sherlock,’ Mycroft whispers hoarsely, trying to catch his little brother’s glossy gaze, ‘Sherlock, come here.’
‘…..’ John looks at him ‘Greg what are you trying to tell me??’
John bends over Sherlock and picks up the adrenaline-filled needle. He opens the sealed packaging, and prepares for the injection. ‘Take his shirt off and find his heart’ he says somewhat calmly.
‘Then...the night you and Greg looked after him...’ Mycroft gives to John more photos, Sherlock sitting on a table, drinking, Victor next to him, his hand on Sherlock’s back, kissing him on his neck. ‘They...seemed to get acquainted.’ Mycroft comment, smiling ironically. ‘Then the night Sherlock got overdosed...’
They all turn towards her, puzzled
‘Mary…’ his mouth gaping in disbelief ‘are you..serious???’
‘Oi, I’m a detective inspector!’ Lestrade flashes his badge.
Victor closes the call nervously, leaving a voice mail:
He starts whispering in rushed bursts of thought.
Sherlock nods again, then cracks laughing.
(4:06 pm)
‘The list.’
‘My…Mycroft…birthday…, you know…..I---I really don’t know when it’s his birthday, to be honest!  I just…..tried to….guess…’
A moment of silence. Sherlock looks at Victor, dejected.
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
‘Yes, you know I’m famous for my—‘ John begins to crow, but gets cut off.
‘I wanted to know who’s him, what he has to do with Sherlock, not how he's sleeping with Sherlock. You spied on him since he arrived in London, if there wasn’t anything wrong you wouldn’t have done it...so I’m right...when Victor is with Sherlock, Sherlock is in danger, is it true?’
‘You need some rest, John. You won't follow the case for a long time’
‘I’m sorry but I have to do it’
‘You know it’s not that easy.’
‘Oh.’
Sherlock is in the kitchen, conducting an experiment, the television blares from the livingroom area in the backgroung. The flat is quiet without John.
The phone starts ringing out loud; John tries to cover the phone with both his hands to not wake Mary up, and then answers.
‘Did you tell him?’
‘Sherlock, I can manage. Don’t worry-’
Made up of these three words that I must say to you’
still checking his phone ‘…I know him, you know….since he was a kid,…I know who he is, I know what he does….’
‘Oh…’
‘How did he call you at the Ku Club???’ John asks amused
‘Eh? Who’s this?’ Mary asks, munching on a raspberry.
‘When John was shot I lost it, I couldn’t find it, I don’t know where it is, probably it’s still in the taxi or on the street, I couldn’t care about it,..John was shot, I didn’t take it’ Sherlock looks away, embarrassed.
‘Yes! Look at yourself! You’re even angry with me and I don’t understand.’ John desperately exclaims.
Mycroft looks at John ‘How you feel, loyal soldier?’
‘Making him split up with Jane.’
‘He’s taking a bath now.’ Mycroft informs.
While the shots quickly absorb into their bloodstreams, all three are frozen, until Greg slams a hand on the table ‘I think I’m going to vomit.’
‘--- I’ll be very glad to come and take a café with you, but I want to let you know I’m not interested in you, since I’m already engaged. Une bise, au revoir’
‘I’m downstairs’
‘Well you know, he wanted to have a chat, too…not to just talk about Jane.’
‘He has improved'
‘Courage does not always roar, John…sometimes it’s just a little voice at the end of the day that says
Sherlock sips tea with a disgusted face, swallowing slowly. ‘It..’ coughing ‘was about...a woman who killed his husband’
John opens the toilet door after a moment, and looks at Greg in confusion.
Greg smiles and nods “And clean too”
FROM: SHERLOCK
‘That means I should change my profile picture.’
Victor ‘No,..absolutely. How could I? I don’t know much about my students, some of them are more open with me and they like to chat or call me whenever they need anything, but I didn’t see him often...Sarah, yes,...she is a good student, she’s quiet and studious. I used to see her with Daniel, but...I didn’t bother to know if they were a couple."
Sherlock flashes an image on his phone to Greg.
‘I chose it’ Smiling proudly.
John “Could you please stop acting like the victim crying like a baby?  you’re ridiculous!”
‘So Why did you make me come here with the Polaroid--Ahhhh!’ He shouts in realize ‘Ok, now I get it…you want to…like…. stab some corps at the morgue and then takes some pics?’
FROM: JOHN
Sherlock opens the letter slowly, stepping a bit away from John. He glances at him before reading the note quickly, then closes it, and puts it on the counter near the fridge.
He looks at him, already high and excited ‘Ohhh, what a lucky day’ he whispers singing and giggling, glancing at Sherlock’s lips, slowly lying down on him ‘What do you want me to do’
‘Ehi’
‘..Before Reichenbach,..you and Sherlock were just…friends?’
‘I could start with the first 5 and you take the other 10, so we could proceed faster, okay?’
‘I’m only asking you if-‘
‘What?’ John and Greg ask simultaneously, turning from their conversation to the ladies.
‘Are you in trouble with Jane?’
John “Probably, but he lied to you. He’s acting like an innocent boy, I can’t stand him.”
‘Okay….’
‘Victor understood Sherlock since the first time they met, and he helped him getting through the university days, that weren't easy for my brother. I remember the first months guys used to mock on him,...sometimes I saw him with punched eyes...he was alone, John... he didn’t know how to get friends, neither know how to react to bullies, and I was far away, what could I do? I grew up without a father, he was always away...and when Sherlock was born, I wanted the best for him, I wanted him to not be unhappy having a father away, and I promised myself that I would have done my best to replace him, to not make him feel dad’s absence...and instead...the tables turned: he had to deal with mum’s death. And I couldn’t cope with mum’s death, too, but mostly, see my brother loosing her-‘ Mycroft suddenly stops, almost crying, but quickly stands up.
‘STOP SHOUTING! YOU’RE JUST MAKING ME NERVOUS! OKAY?’
He goes toward the sink and hears Mrs. Hudson coming back up, she walks in with a large packed tray. ‘What’s this?’
‘Williams. Daniel Williams’
‘And biscuit hunter.’
‘Honey’ Mary says from the kitchen.
Sherlock looks round the room, his hands closed behind his back, walking. ‘Nice’
‘I don’t admit replies, Mr. Holmes, shut up!’ Greg replies, raising his voice, staring sternly at him. ‘Thank you for your work’ The two policemen leave the office.
‘Hmm? Oh Mycroft? To follow Sherlock back up to Baker Street’ Greg replies a bit annoyed.
‘Things are different than you think.’
‘Good evening!’
TO : GREG
To : Sherlock
‘Mmmm’ He stands on the sofa, with his knees on it, thinking, looking around  ‘If you…want to have fun, we could..do it on…the table?’
Mary: 'Do you already know him?'
At the table, having dinner.
‘WHAT?’
To : Sherlock
‘Sure? You look pretty dazed.’
Victor gets it, answering to John's mockery ‘We don’t…write or read poetry because it’s cute’
Victor leans down, crossing his hands ‘Of course, I haven't seen him lately, did something happen? Is he ill?’
John’s phone rings.
“You can’t spend the rest of your life crying, you have to do something. Get out and find something else.”
John, while sending a message on the phone, "I guess Victor knows her"
"What happened?" he whispers.
Mycroft takes a long breath ‘Right. How is our boy?’
‘Yes, and…when I walked in Baker Street a dog attacked me!’
Mary turns toward John, furious, not saying a word.
Sherlock looks at Mycroft once more before turning to Greg "Well, since you're here...it's time to show you a research I did before about a woman called Seraphita Sebastian Moran."
‘and that’s why he was in bed with Sherlock, right?’
‘What? What holiday?’ Sherlock stops before entering touching cab and frowns at him.
‘Probably.’
‘Nothing too important…’
FROM : Mycroft
They both laugh, arriving at Baker Street. They stare at it from the other side of the sidewalk.
TO : SH
‘I’ll tell him when the conference is over.’
‘What happened?’ He gasps when arrives in the living room, still trying to take breath.
‘Ha ha, very funny. Compliments, you’re all hilarious, now get back to work, and the one who doesn’t bring me that list in time will be fired!’
‘So you watched it? You told me you didn’t know anything about it’
‘The fan base!’
TO: SHERLOCK
They hail a cab, and as they take their seats, Sherlock starts talking at a rapid-fire pace.
‘Hungry?’ He asks John without looking up.
There aren’t
‘Good’ he whispers, his voice still scratchy.
‘Sherlock!’
‘Sherly?’ john asks ironically
In fact here's just aaaaanother ooooordinaaaaary day’
‘They’ll be based on the cases John wrote on his blog’
Sherlock leans toward Lestrade, his hands splayed on the desk.
From: Mycroft
‘Because I don’t believe you didn’t love each other, neither you didn’t have....a thing....a kiss, a night,...you shared a flat with him for two long years, I wonder how many times John tried to show you how much he was in love with you, but you were too silly to notice. That's the only explanation I can give after what John did yesterday night, a best friend doesn't get mad if his pal is engaged with another man, he's happy about it.’ Victor comments, smiling.
‘Why? don’t you like it?’
‘Did you talk to him about….?’
‘Do you still want to come home?’ He puts the mobile on the seat and hugs Sherlock around the waist.
Mrs Hudson stands near the door, ‘Sherlock! There’s somebody at the door for you.’
‘It’s beautiful….’ He comments, touched. Then looks at John, who nods, smiling. ‘I thought that the black one you have is already full, you don’t know where to write anymore, so…it’s useful to write about the cases, you know…informations’ Sherlock looks at him, smiling kindly ‘Thank you John.’
‘Why?’ Sherlock shortly responds.
‘Oh come on, how do you think I could hear
‘….Here? on the sofa?’
"Oh.." John answers, surprised, but still confused.
‘Good.’
Everyone fall silent, looking at John and Sherlock confronting each other.
Mary walks in Lestrade’s office, talking on the phone, whispering. “So...is it done?...good. And Molly? Great” She waits, then smiles “Good...good job.”
‘Yes,’ John coughs out. Then lowers his voice again, softening it. His fingers twine with Sherlock’s. ‘But we would have been together.’
‘Is the minister aware that you’ve done nothing but watch over your brother recently, ignoring your work?’
‘Are you surprised?’
Before sending it, reads it again mumbling..'nooooo'
‘You know John....what I asked to Victor when I saw him the first time after many years the day after Sherlock’s flat was attacked by bombs?’
Sherlock heatedly glowers at him and then goes toward the other sofa, crouching on the other side.
Greg walks up to Sherlock and scoops him up underneath an armpit; John does the same to the other side. ‘We’re going to hospital, Sherlock. Stay with us.’
He  puts both his hands on Sherlock’s face giving him a long, strong, deep, kiss. Sherlock grabs his ass unbuttoning his pants, reaching his underwear and going under it
‘No thanks love’
John keeps silent, before answering, ‘No. No.’ He snaps his head in an effort to look like he’s staring out the cab’s window. His mind is flooded with thoughts of concern for Sherlock. What is he playing at this time? John thinks, while his leg begins to tap with the increased anxiety.
Sherlock slowly rises his hands "So..that's why you're here, Seraphita."
Greg looks at him annoyed, huffing out, knowing what he means, but not answering at his provocation.
“Do I know him?”
The man puts the phone on the table, and opens the fridge.
To : John
‘There’s such a confusion outside! I could barely get in! Sherlock your fans adore you, but I suggest that you avoid the press.’
"Why?"
“I didn’t take my ties” he answers, calmly.
John looks up at Sherlock, takes a long breath, and picks up his own phone from the bedside table. Moving slowly across Sherlock’s body, in an attempt not to wake him. He searches his contacts for a matching phone number, but it pops up with; NOT FOUND. He switches it off. He puts the two phones next to the pillow and closes his eyes, huffing out an annoyed sigh, ‘the hell is this’? He whispers to himself, as Sherlock’s phone buzzes again.
'ANTHEA IT’S FOR SHERLOCK! PLEASE! HE’LL UNDERSTAND, TELL HIM WE GOT A PROBLEM WITH SHERLOCK!'
I'm in Regent's park. See you there
Mrs. Hudson walks in the living room, shaking, weeping.“Oh..Sherlock..”
‘Aaaand?’ John questioned.
‘I don-hang on a min.’
FROM : Mycroft
‘In the fridge!’
TO: Lestrade
‘I think he left through a secondary exit, it must be here somewhere.’ Sherlock spins around, quickly scrutinizing each doorway.
Lestrade turns to see a colleague heading towards him, carrying a wrapped box.
‘And I had to deduce that you were talking about his dog, right?’
‘The perfume.’
‘No.’
10 : 02 AM
JOHN : Jane!
Eh, honey, did you send the breakfast delivery surprise??? :D
‘The explosion of Baker Street, right?’
‘What?’
From : Sherlock
‘Yes, but I couldn’t find it anymore. I don’t know where I left it.’ John complains.
‘No, Adair was a smart man, he wouldn’t have brought evidence to he meet some guy. He would’ve hidden them somewhere beforehand. Yesterday, I went into his room to find them, but I didn’t discover anything.’
The door downstairs is shut, when Mycroft walks in, he sees Greg sit on the sofa, his right leg crossed, his hands on sofa’s arms.
A little smile appears on John’s face. “I always need your words, now and then” They both smile. John turns, to see Sherlock staring at something, he frowns, confused, looking around and realises Mary has gone.
‘you could have knocked’
John frowns at the endearment, and eyes the number suspiciously.
Sherlock runs in the woman’s office. John follows, trying to convince him to leave the soup kitchen. The woman starts running toward them, shouting, but Sherlock rises his voice ‘Your husband was an illegal surgeon, he changed the faces of the most dangerous killers and thieves of London! He did the same with Moran, the one who killed him one month after the surgery!’
‘Bye’ the man smiles ‘goodnight.’
‘Ok, so…now, we should make these people answer some questions, right?’ John suggests taking the sheet.
‘Nothing’ John laughs softly, ‘just having a telepathic conversation. You know, the usual.’
‘Could be a coincidence.'
‘That somebody wants me,’ Sherlock informs resolutely.
Sherlock turns, rubbing his eyes ‘John.’
Greg sits on the sofa, Sherlock gets up quickly and walks toward the bedroom
‘In the bathroom.’
‘Sherlock we have the list. Mary found it. Where are you right now?’
Mrs. Hudson opens it.
FROM : MH
John shifts the flowers to his right hand and takes a deep breath before knocking on the front door.
“If you don’t want to just tell me...I know what you two have been through,..”
‘yes, my car, the one you filled with quotes and music lyrics’
John pushes the trigger, but Mary moves the gun towards him.
‘John hurry up!’ Sherlock shouts angrily from his room, and then slams the door shut.
“In the bar...I could work in the bar! I’m good with coffee, and cappuccino...and with sandwiches!"
‘Yes!!’ John answers, annoyed, huffing out.
‘What?’ Sherlock and John look at each other confused
16 : 22
I've got all my life to live I've got all my love to give,
‘And why did you enter into his room yesterday?’
FROM : Jane
“No, I’m...not going to do this...”
‘Why should I be interested?’
‘What are you doing? Watch the street!’
They both laugh
“Yes, I can. This case is boring, I’ll leave it. Why you care so much?”
‘Do you really?’ John abruptly erupted. He scoffed, folding his arms.
Sherlock turns around, taking a long breath, looking embarrassed and nervous.
TO: SHERLOCK
Sherlock: ‘boy-‘
‘Greg Lestrade’
The dogs begin to sniff and lick at Sherlock’s trousers. The owner yells, ‘Hey! Hey! Brando! Sit down! Dean, Sit down! Hush now.’ He attempts to pacify the snuggly beasts, ‘Sorry!’
"I don’t want to know it”
On the Street
'He didn't realize you moved on. And now it's happening the same with Sherlock. He's got on with his life, and you should accept it.'
Sherlock starts playing his violin.
‘That’s even better than Gavin’ John comments at Sherlock, both laughing
‘Well, she could make some calls, and see if she can get the list soon, what do you think?’
‘Now he’s fine. That’s what counts.’ Greg anxiously remarks.
‘What happened….well, no matter. I’m over all that-everything is okay. You’re important to me, Sherlock. I just wanted to let you know that you’re my best friend, and that’s why I’m choosing you to be the Best Man. It’ll be an important day in my life and I want you to be by my side.'
Greg gives him a puzzled glare, ‘Huh?’
See you soon. I’ll be there in a couple of hours.
Mary, munching crisps ‘Is he native French?’
‘I know…listen, I’ll come back soon. It’s not a big deal.’
Call ended.
The door does not open.
‘We could start by now, we could….hang out tonight, all of us’
They seem pretty good, too!!!
‘The guy next to him…’ John trails off as Greg fixes him with a stern gaze. ‘I saw him in Baker Street.’
‘Yes, Greg Lestrade’
She runs away, Greg looks confused and notices Sherlock still staring at her.
‘Did you train with John?’
‘Greg! Don’t—‘
‘Alright. But, Oi! It’s Greg!’
Another workman drags dirt through the foyer on his boots and Mrs Hudson whines. He hefts a side table upstairs, stepping slowly.
‘Sherlock-It’s something important. I mean, really important!’
"The kiss!"
Greg looks at the excited and happy look on John’s face, confused.
“so what are you thinking about?"
John ‘No, Sherlock, we’re fucking drunk!’ he titters, as his resolve is falters.
Victor looks at her, frowning a bit, surprised, not answering.
The receptionist sees both men walking fast toward him, Sherlock takes the key of the room number five, the man suddenly gets mad ‘What are you doing?? Where are you going?’ he follows them, but they both ignore him, Sherlock goes on talking to John ‘In the room there’s a picture of Tiger Jack, a western comic book.’
‘No, Sherlock! I told her I’d be home. Sorry, she’s waiting for me.’
‘Better.’
Greg quirks a small grin, Oh, I can’t wait to see his response.’ The three of them shift their eyes over to where John is laughing and generally enjoying himself.
‘He’s coming!’
John looks at him quizzically, ‘Do you think he’s drunk?’
FROM : John
SMS sent at 11:12 pm
"I don't know" John mumbles, disoriented "in a week, maybe." He turns, going toward downstairs.
‘No, it isn’t. This isn’t yours nor is it my own.’
Greg is completely frightened, shaking ‘Listen, Myke, I wanted to go but-‘
“Because tomorrow would be too late.”
“It’s my fault.”
‘Friend?’
‘He would have told me????’ Sherlock comments, rising his voice, almost angry.
‘Yes’ he whispers, red as a beetroot.
Greg nods, showing her a pile of documents, talking to her.
‘Sherlock?’
‘Caaaaaake!!!'
Sherlock nods, ‘okay.’
‘This is the only way to-‘
‘We could have come here before – should have been here! And he probably would have never take-’
Sherlock just stares at him for a long moment. Then says, ‘It’s. Fine.’ Sherlock turns his face toward the pillow again.
‘I’ll look at the archive to see if I find anything about him.’
‘What?’
‘Are you sure that…you're not trying to convince yourself that Sherlock is not capable of love because you're simply afraid to have made a mistake with him?’
Sherlock’s voice becomes deeper and lower ‘Do you know how ridiculous you are talking about me when you’ve never had anyone in your life? Not even a cat who could stand your arrogance and your fake superiority, when you actually just spend your time coming here bothering me because you really don’t have anyone who to talk you, because none can really stand you, you’re alone, you’ve always been alone, Christmas evenings passed browsing on your phone sitting by the fireplace alone, even when were kids and you couldn’t bother to read me some bedtime stories because you were too busy with yourself doing nothing! and birthdays never celebrated because nobody cared when you were born, even dad and mum, and you come here talking to me about loneliness? You’ve always spent your days alone hoping to know Sherlock has made a mistake again, so that you can come here and give me a good lecture about how life should be and how perfect you are in your fresh clothes and good shoes, because you’ve never looked yourself in the mirror, probably because you’re terrified to admit you’re ridiculous.’
‘Get out! GET OUT OF HERE NOW!’ he rumbles thunderously.
Sherlock shifts his weight, sitting more peculiarly on the chair as he relentlessly taps the keys of the keyboard. He takes up the phone, glancing swiftly at the content of the screen before slamming the machine down onto the desk beside the computer. He stares at the blackened screen, thinking.
‘Yes. Lestrade, I’m fine.’
‘That’s pretty expensive’ Sherlock comments, peering at it
‘I’M AT BAKER STREET!’
John frowns at him ‘…..what??’
Victor is sitting in front of Sally, her arms crossed. Mary is standing next to her, the record player is on.
"Don't worry,..." Greg stands up, rubbing his eyes with his fingers "It's fine."
“John!” Sherlock looks terrified.
Sherlock is at his phone, laughing and chatting. John turns to him glimpsing at the phone.
‘Ay!’ John answers, looking regretful
A young man in oil-stained clothes is chatting animatedly with a couple of guys.  The moment Sherlock and John walk in, the men end their discussion, and collectively look at them with contempt.
‘Naaa…nothing…serious, just a stupid fact, really!!’ adding a big fake smile on his face
‘Well, yes…the movie is long, but I loved the colors and the camera shots..’
‘And how did you know it?’
Sherlock stops. He raises his left eyebrow, whispering achingly, ‘Client?’
‘Are you nauseous?’
Greg and John look at the scene, then at each other.
Greg looks at John, pausing. ‘Sherlock.’
"I don't think."
JW 23:28
‘Sherlock’ Mycroft shouts while walking through the kitchen
‘But we’re just finding corpses and dead people! Where are we going now if he’s dead?’
‘Nothing…you know, she was using so many products to clean the pavement….and she told me it was very dirty, and that Sherlock never clean anything-‘
‘Polaroids?’ Greg asks
‘When did you go?’ John asks, turning serious
No one questions how John knows this, but Greg pushes his hands away. ‘Wait, wait! I want to take a pic.’ He quickly hits the camera function on his mobile and laughs out, ‘I think we’ll need to remember this night.'
‘That horrible poem you wrote the first year at university’
‘Rice?’
‘Yeah..but just one worked, I bought them at a street market just to collect them’
John sits on the bed, his face twists in a grimace of pain ‘Damn it’
‘She said she’ll call later, I’ll let you know, okay?’
Victor smiles, then answers ‘I’ll meet a friend..’
John glances at the phone, trying to look at the messages
“How would you know?”
‘Yep’ Sherlock comments, enthusiastic ‘All the bad guys changed their faces thanks to him’ looking through the cab window, then turns toward John ‘And he died one month after Moran’
The cab brings them to North London, they exit, and walk past a blocks of Japanese stores and restaurants. Sherlock stops suddenly, and heads towards a garage.
She closes the door behind her.
They followed the clerk up the stairs. He opens the door to motions for Sherlock and John to enter.
‘YES!! Please, believe me...Sherlock, you believe me, right?’
‘Are there any Sherlock album stickers too?’ Greg asks sarcastically
Victor '‘So, what about Drebber?’ Sherlock 'He was a violin player...'
SH 23 : 43
‘I know’
‘Why did you do nothing when you saw the state he was in then? He was drugged!’ John roars back, fists clenching uncontrollably.
‘Yes!!!’ she smiles
‘No, he can’t.’
“You promised to find Moran!”
“You told him you’re out of the case, right?”
‘Yes…..yes, it’s a good idea’
‘Come on, Molly, you’re lovely and cute and beautiful, and I’m sure you’ll find the perfect man that will love you as much as you wish, one day’ John comments, looking at her, smiling
Mrs. Hudson arrives back upstairs in the living room with a box full of books.
‘What happened?’
------------------------------
‘You think you know everything about him – think he’s wondrous. You think he is a man without fault, so you place the blame on people like myself.’ The man steps closer, nudging John harshly in the ribs with his stack of books. He sneers, ‘Don’t you actually understand how really different things are? That real friends talk and listen to each other? I bet you don’t even know why he’s so upset, do you?’
‘Could you please look at me when you talk?’ John begs, tugging at Sherlock’s coat.
‘I’m sorry, you’re not on the list. No entry.'
‘..So…where are we going?’ John asks, putting his hands between his legs, to warm them.
‘Wh..?’
Greg almost sweats, he lowers the cab window, adjusting the shirt neck
FROM: Sherlock
‘You can even wait in the car. I’ll go and check from the exit door. That’s it! Then we’ll come back home.’
‘Sherlock…did you take drugs? When you were in the toilet?’
The headmaster gives a “no” look, rising his eyebrows, almost annoyed.
‘This is me and you?’ John comments both excited and amazed
"Nothing,..don't worry, your bother is fine....I called for something else."
Sherlock turns the tv off, throwing the remote control on the table, while serving tea to Mycroft. Mycroft, taking the cuppa and sipping tea: “You don’t know anything?”
He returns to the bedroom and helps Sherlock to stand, walking his brother to the bath.
‘Well until we arrived at the surgery problem’ Lestrade says.
‘This one?’
Everyone laugh, Sherlock lowers his head, embarrassed ‘It happened ages ago, Mycroft’
‘We’re going to hospital, right now!’
John bravely breaks the silence, coughing slightly, ‘I’m sorry Greg.’
From: John
Greg: ‘Why?’
"The kiss?"
Sherlock smiles, still sketching on the moleskine.
'Yeah, alright Sherlock. I think we’re drunk enough now.’
Suddenly a man with a hand truck walks out one of the doors, and Sherlock grabs John by his shoulder and pushes him against the wall, bringing his mouth toward John’s neck.
‘Good suggestion’ John replies smiling.
‘Oh, no, no….I’ve given up with men’
‘Moran is secretly a woman’ Greg whispers ironically, then laughs
‘I’ll leave you alone once I’ve sorted everything out.’
‘Right.’ John rolls his eyes, but still looks confused.
Sherlock hums.
Sherlock remains silent
“You said he left because of Mycroft.”
It’s him!!’ Molly whispers, baffled.
John sips tea, then puts the cup on the table and looks at Greg ‘I thought I understood him, I thought that I didn’t need to talk to him to really understand him but I was wrong,…. I don’t understand him, or at least not anymore, and he’s angry, and I know he has his right reasons, but I would like to understand to make him feel better’
‘Kill him?’
Victor ‘And what she said?’
‘Yeah…you know….he did so much for her, all those parties,..hoping to meet her one day, and what he got at the end? A bullet, of course it’s sad’
“I’m sorry...but We can’t. I told you. It’s becoming ridiculous and embarrassing. Please...Mr. Trevor,...get out of this office, there are students outside this door that are waiting to see me. I can’t help you. I’m sorry."
‘They were in bedroom!!!And then when I opened the door his friend left and Sherlock said goodbye to him and I left, I was….you know I was embarrassed!!! And then Sherlock put something on and he went into the kitchen and then I called Mycroft who arrived minutes later..’ He huffs out, nervous, sweating, his face still red.
Sally ‘And who gave you the money to open a winery in Soho?’
“You don’t even know what I have to tell you”
‘It’s the only box with books in it, the Medical Book must be there!’
‘Where are you going?’
‘Does he feel better? I called him before, but he didn’t answer.’
‘Locked in the bathroom’ Greg adds, staring at Sherlock, annoyed
(4:40 pm)
Sherlock, still munching biscuits 'Bye'
‘How do you feel my dear?’ Mrs. Hudson grasps his left arm, and turns him toward her. ‘How’s the leg?’
Silent.
Sherlock is snapped out of his dreams, and realizes Greg standing a few feet away. ‘What?’
‘It’s okay now John!’ Sherlock replies. He smiles at John, a hand reaching for his shoulder
‘How would you know?’
Mycroft puts a hand on the chair ‘Why you never ask to my brother about Victor? He needs you, ...now more than ever.’ John turns back, glancing down.
"Is it for the tea? I like it! I mean, you can improve but it's fine."
John looks at the phone, then at the street again.
John looks at Sherlock, who silently drinks a cappuccino, before picking up a jar of jam and a knife.
‘Wow…’
‘Or! He could have taken it after we walked out. John, you cannot make assumptions okay? It is not your fault if Sherlock overdosed. You have saved his life. You should be… proud of yourself instead of… instead of blaming yourself.’
‘Anyway...’ Mycroft turns to John ‘..This is Victor Trevor’.
‘I’ll make some calls and let you know, okay?’
‘Sebastian!’
Sherlock turns slowly his head and opens his eyes fully; his sight still blurry.
She turns away, looking out the car window, not answering.
From : Sherlock
Buy the cake
‘Are you sure? I can go, it isn’t a problem.’
. I still haven't told you about last night.'
‘Uh…yes, yes! But we should take another way or they’ll spot us.’
‘He said your phone was offline and asked me to come here and have a look’
‘Call me later,Sherlock!’
‘Ah…and what did she tell you?’ John asks nervously.
‘His French friend?’
Sure! :) No problem...see you there.
‘You - You’re the problem Sherlock!’ John contends, standing from the bench.
John's face turns serious, not expecting those words. 'Ok, but don't say I'm not trying to do something for us!!'
‘Yes, we already know this. Which room had he booked?’
TO : Greg
‘I didn’t forget it! Came to Baker Street, told me that he was going to get married, and asked me to be his best man. He didn’t tell me when, or where-he didn’t tell me ANYTHING. I didn’t know he wasn’t joking! I thought he wasn't being serious'
Meanwhile John takes the needle and looks at Sherlock, ‘Okay.’
John looks toward the window cab, outside, at the people walking outside, the lights, the cars running, taking a long breath, and thinking. Greg looks at him randomly.
Victor opens the door, but Sherlock stops him. “What should I do with your dog? Shouldn’t he get out or something?”
‘Why?’
‘What?’ John closes the fridge’s door, and goes to the window.
'Victor, hi! Pleased to meet you' attempting to shake hands.
‘Hi’ John meekly answers, still confused.
‘No no’ Sherlock answers, sincerely ‘it was nice….nice, indeed’ ‘Nice and sad’
Mrs Hudson ‘I read your blog this afternoon dear, so sad...'
‘We keep on talking and telling each other the rudest and weirdest things everyday, and....sometimes we forget the simplest and most obvious ones..Don’t you think, doctor Watson?’
Jane, my dear, how are you? I hope everything is all right, I heard about you and Greg…I’m sorry, I hope you’re fine now, if you need to talk we could go out and have a chat, …have a drink, okay? XX
‘That day I was waiting a friend of mine to come over for a cuppa, and then our usual Saturday night karaoke evening at a pub we like.’
Sherlock attempts to stop the barrage of questions, ‘I’m fine, thank you’ Sherlock tries to walk away.
‘Yes..indeed.’ looking at Sherlock in the kitchen.
‘What?’ He replies, eyes unfocused.
Greg “so you...think that Sherlock is just using Victor to get informations from him?"
The waiter brings Asahi Super Dry beer. Greg hints a smile, thanking him.
‘When…when John first broached the subject of being his Best Man, I was confused. I didn’t realize what exactly, he was asking of me, but nonetheless, I promised that I would do my very best to accomplish a task that was, for me, as demanding and difficult as any I had ever considered undertaking. Additionally I thanked him for the trust he placed in me, and I was, in some ways…close to being moved by it. As I’ve said before, I’m amazed to be here today, and…to be John’s Best Man. To be his best….friend. I never imagined, I could have such an important task.....Sometimes, things don’t go how we expect, and it’s only when you….lose something that you realize how much that thing is important to you. And as John’s best friend I’m happy he’s finally found the woman he’s always dreamt of, because I know how important that was...and is for him. Things change, because…life goes on, but what is really important lasts forever. The bond between friends remains ever strong. Congratulations to my Best Friend, John Watson.’
'Ok..' retreating his hand, embarrassed.
‘Right, so, see you in Scotland Yard, okay?’
Suddenly, Sherlock’s phone rings, John clearly reads the message:
‘You’re asking me nonsense questions’
‘I don’t know, probably, but I honestly don’t know what to do John. What if he finds us there spying on him? I mean…it’s….I think Mycroft is crossing a line.’
"You don't know anything."
‘Well, then tell my husband I want to divorce!’
‘Why?’
‘I know a really nice restaurant that makes really good stuff, and has many good wines… we could go there.’
Over and over the doorbell sings, Sherlock gnashing his teeth together due to vexation.
‘Stop bitching each-other and grow up!’
Suddenly, his phone rings. He takes it and checks the voice mails. It's from Sarah. He runs as fast as he can, going back home. He jumps up the stairs, shuts the door, and still panting, presses play:
‘Gavin Lestrade?’
‘Want to come home with me?’ Putting a hand on Sherlock’s chest, still kissing his neck.
house in going to have a new alarm system in each and every room.’
‘It’s not porn, it’s a gay club.’
Where are you??can we takl?? loike now?? k???
‘Sherlock....’ John reaches out, and grabs a shoulder in an effort to turn Sherlock over.
FROM: DONOVAN
‘Two hours!’
“You’re a detective. Give Moran a name, and save Daniel’s life. I can’t help you anymore, Sherlock. Don't you understand, YOU CAN'T LEAVE NOW!” he shouts.
‘There is something Mycroft didn’t tell us. I can understand if Sherlock’s going through something… difficult.’
'Are you sure that what you fear most now is losing Mary and not Sherlock because of Victor?’
‘I thought you knew it, that I had the honeymoon, we postponed It because Mary had to work, don’t you remember that?’ Sherlock doesn’t answer. ‘I’ll help you today, just not this afternoon. Mary will be away until this evening, and we fly tomorrow afternoon. I still have to arrange some things, you know.’
TO : SH
‘I don’t have him on my telephone book, I neither have him on facebook, I’ve never heard him before!’
‘Ok...‘
‘J---John?’
‘Who brought it?’ John looks at the tray skeptically.
‘She was undercover! Woodley, Adair, Tanaka….they knew she was undercover, it was her mask. The meaning of the message is simple: Seraphita is her name. Not Sebastian. That’s why the Moriarty’s gang didn’t look after her, everyone believed she was dead, how could they imagine she changed name and face? It was impossible for them to know it. Tanaka left me a message some days ago, his brother brought it to me ‘
Sherlock reads it ‘Oh yes, I remember it’
TO : GL
‘Hey, I thought you were on a diet, Greg?' Molly whispers gently.
(4:28 pm)
‘Anta…?’ John asks, sipping.
‘DO YOU THINK THIS IS TIME TO TALK ABOUT THIS? YOUR BROTHER IS DYING! GIVE ME THE ADRENALINE AND SORT THIS FUCKING SHIT OUT LATER!’
‘He’s limping a bit, but-‘ John says, but Sherlock interjects.
John turns, tensed ‘I believe it’s Sherlock’. He runs in the living room, toward the door, opening it.
‘I already told him, but you know him….’
‘Yes’Sherlock smiles.
‘How’s the case going, Sherlock?’
A man who married a woman because he didn’t want to reveal his homosexuality, and  ended up killed by his wife because she discovered he still was in love with his ex boyfriend.
‘what happened?’ John suddenly lowers his voice, looking creepy and staring at Greg.
JL : This must be Greg!
‘HE’S DANGEROUS GREG!!!!!!!!!!’ rising both his arms, trying to contain his anger.
"JOHN! NO!" Sherlock shouts, running towards him, desperate.
Mycroft leaves the clothes on the bed, looking at John. ‘What do you want to know?’
"She's-"
‘You know..love...feelings. But I realized nothing of what I thought is true. He’s good, yeah,..a good guy. And you...you’re in love with him. I respect your choice, and I hope you’ll be happy with him.’
By the time John makes it to Sherlock, the consulting detective has a cheerful glow about him.
To : Sherlock
JW 9:08
“I don’t want Sherlock to know it. Neither John or Lestrade...but you must do what I tell you.”
Mycroft stands up and walks in the kitchen towards his brother ‘Just checking if you’re okay, how do you feel?’
Sherlock runs, calling a cab, waving his head on the street, talking on the phone. "Lestrade...put a bounty on Mary."
Jane turns her head toward John
Sherlock starts singing into the mic, completely out of tune, but as loudly as possible.
‘Don’t challenge me into this because I’ll make you feel pain’ he answers ironically getting close to him
‘wait wait wait wait…what? What…friend? What bedroom?’
John’s eyes dart around the Inspector, ‘can you see him?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Well, it depends’ Greg adds
‘Je ne peux pas, mon chou’
JOHN : …yes…(looking doubtful)
John doesn’t answer, looking at Greg firmly in the eyes.
‘Lestrade! Greg Lestrade!’
Victor stops, looking back at him
"You would love to wear the costume of Mary Morstan, but you're Seraphita Moran. And each morning, when you wake up, you're Seraphita Moran, not Mary Morstan, the lovely Watson's wife."
Greg is interrupted by the entrance of a waitress whose outfit leaves little to the imagination. After a few uncomfortable moments, he finally orders for the three of them. Rum, coke, and pear juice at Sherlock’s insistence. She quickly brings back a bottle of Castillo from Puerto Rico, and John wonders who’ll pay for the expensive bottle. His musings are silenced by Greg pouring shots. ‘To the Newlywed!’
‘Can you describe him?’ John asked.
‘Thank you, we’ll serve it at dinner’ Mary puts the bottles on the table.
Sherlock blushes, thankful that Lestrade can’t see him through the receiver. ‘Oh. Right.’
The mobile phone rings incessantly.
‘Anta-na-…..just like Takana’
‘Are you bored dear? Weren’t you busy with that...case with John?
“Can you please stop running away from me??”
‘Food.’
Victor gets in the conversation 'I have a moleskine too in which I write thoughts, and poems..’
She hears him close the door to 221b, then sighs, and goes back to her room.
‘I’m hungry.’
‘Any good?’
"Are we going to see the real characters of this show tonight?" The journalist turns, to ask the question to Jeremy Brett, the actor who portrays Sherlock Holmes. "What do you think of the real man, Sherlock? The man behind the cases? Have you ever been in touch with him? People said he may be here, tonight."
John: "...it was just...perfect"
‘When Moran changed his identity two years ago, he obviously changed his face, too. Many killers who want to change their identity have illegal surgeries, with major facial changes. So, we need Lestrade to generate a list of illegal surgeons who worked in London two years ago.’
John takes a long breath, ready to reply, but Sherlock stops him “-And you’re suspicious about Mary because she’s always away not telling you why. And this leads you to accuse Victor because you’re too scared she might be involved in the case.”
‘Mycroft...I can’t come back at Baker Street, he wanted me back at Baker Street but I can’t, ... things can’t be like they were two years ago,...he’s changed’
‘Oh, great!’ Lestrade smiles. ‘Should I bring wine?’
Suddenly Sherlock stops, astonished and shocked, feeling a punch in the stomach.
‘No.’ Sherlock’s fingers stroke gently across John’s hand. ‘It’s fine.’
‘Good evening!’ He walks in.
‘Come on, relax, we haven’t stopped since this case began, you just need to collect your thoughts.’
‘We should bring him to Hospital now. Help me get him up, he’s completely dead weight.’
‘Ah.’ he smiles.
‘His name?’ John demanded.
‘Yes, but I can’t publish them on Twitter, students will laugh at me, I mean….I can’t do it’
‘No, it’s set in the Victorian era, he’ll be different...they can’t portrait a gay detective who was in love with his bisexual flatmate and split up after he faked his death. It’s 1895, darling.’
‘I can’t believe they’re using her that way’ John says.
John turns, while putting the laptop on the table, frowning, confused. "Who's she?"
To : John
FROM: JOHN
‘I--‘
It starts snowing.
He jogs toward Sherlock’s bedroom, and gets his phone.
‘Do you like it?’ coming in.
‘Sherlock wants that damn list, and he’s imploring Lestrade to have it by tomorrow, Greg is hopeless.’
‘She didn’t reply’ he says, before he finishes off the milk.
‘Home.’
John looks at it ‘These are...the names of Moriarty’s gang, ...right?’ Asks, confused.
'You told me you got engaged, that your life had changed for the better.'
‘When Alan was choking...’
Mary doesn’t answer, staring him careless.
‘Lestrade, did you know that John is getting married?’
‘Oh...the case?’
Mrs Hudson ‘I'll watch it at Mr. Parker's pub. I saw the actress who'll play me on youtube, she's older than me!!' She comments, offended.
‘I mean it.’ He turns his head toward Sherlock shoulder ‘The fact that I’m married now…it means nothing. You can still have me. I still care about you, and just because we don’t live together anymore, it means nothing. I’m yours if you need me. I…I haven’t changed you know, I’m still the same man you left over two years ago. I haven’t changed, Sherlock.
Victor ‘We read and write poetry because it’s part of the human race. Science, and…chemistry, economy..law,..are important because they sustain life. But,…art, and poems, and movies,…this is what we are alive for’
‘…..’
‘What’s your name?’ The waiter asks intrigued at Greg
John laughs ‘Never mind.’
Greg does not answer, avoiding John’s stern gaze.
‘No New Year's Daaaaaaaay to celebraaaaate
‘Get out of here before I fire you.’
Greg is propped up on the mic stand, leaning heavily on it before staggering around the stage singing with his eyes tightly shut.
'NO! ANTHEA TELL HIM HE MUST TAKE THE CALL NOW! RIGHT NOW!’
Sherlock gets closer, looking at the photos, surprised. Victor takes a long breath, not talking.
‘Greg’
‘No.’ John shortly replies, tone terse.
‘Yes’ munching
‘You two are getting famous’ Mary tells John ironically.
Sherlock nods, letting more smoke out.
‘Moran. He said his name was Sebastian Moran.’
John stops munching for a bit, staring at Sherlock. "I won't go with her, and I still have to apologize to Lestrade."
‘I would like to thank you all for being here. I…I’ll be honest, I’m a bit…moved. I…I want to thank every one of you, because each person represents a moment, a piece of our lives. Mary and I invited only those who truly mattered to us, and you all have made our lives better for being in it. I didn’t prepare a proper toast or anything….but I just wanted to say ‘thank you, and..’
His mobile trills.
‘I already know that. I merely want to ask you few questions’
Greg looks at the phone, then at John. ‘If I don’t see you guys again…have a good honeymoon.’
‘What? Why have you come here?’ He loudly wonders, gesturing wildly with his right hand.
‘Jack Inn London?’
‘The honeymoon, Sherlock! Did you forget about it?’ John answers smiling.
‘Nothing… the clothes.’ He replies, not looking up and instead pointing vaguely in the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom. John and Greg look at each other in confusion. As Mycroft jogs back to the bedroom, John steps in front of him, blocking his escape. John insists, ‘Mycroft wait! Do we need t-’ Mycroft moves John to the side, continuing on his way. As John stumbles over his words, Mycroft clarifies, ‘Do anything? I don’t know. Not yet at least.’
‘He?’ John asks, peering at Sherlock.
‘John!’ Greg gives him a curt nod and a grin.
John huffs, watching the stranger walk away.
‘How can you not eat a delicious cake like this!’ John comments when the desserts arrives
John judders. An unexpected hand firmly grips his shoulder. John’s neck snapped loudly, as he hastily turned to look at the attacker.
‘So..you think Moran changed his face and then killed him?’
‘Count to three Greg!’
‘Okay’ Lestrade answers looking at Mycroft, then pushing him away with a hand on his shoulder.
John still drunkenly grinning at him, ‘I’m sorry, who?’
Sherlock ‘No no!..that was..enough’ Sherlock goes toward the sofa, taking his coat, Victor hears him opening the door, going outside the kitchen’s door ‘Where are you going?’
‘Mmmmm, I have cameras in my bedroom.’
‘I don’t know’ Greg replies annoyed ‘what if he finds us there? I mean…I know it sounds strange that Sherlock is having a night out with some guys, but Mycroft never asked me for something like this. I mean, I’ve gone to his house, called him, but Mycroft has never asked me to spy on him during a night out!’
Mary looks surprised.
‘You still do it, don’t you?’
Greg looks around, then goes in the bathroom, closing the door. He rests on the door, his hands on it ‘yyyyyeeees!!!’ he whispers, excited and jumping.
‘No!!! No!! Don’t-‘
‘Sherlock?’ John bends over to pick the cup.
‘And?’
‘You know this means’ says Lestrade.
Waiters bring more dishes
FROM: JOHN
“How you feel?”
‘Don’t start sharing these photos on Facebook!’ Sherlock comments annoyed
Mary looks at her pocket mirror, ‘I don’t know…but what’s the big deal about it?’
‘with the red marker’
‘and we spent days not going to university and running through the bouvelard listening to Oasis….we were so 90s!’ Sherlock comments laughing
John stares at him seriously but doesn’t answer.
The worker with the hand truck, thankfully, walks past them and exits the hallway. Sherlock continues kissing and licking John’s neck; who’s now semi-hard. John flitters his eyes open, wishing he could tell Sherlock to stop, but he can’t bring himself to do it. We’re acting, it’s not real, he thinks.
TO : SH
‘LET’S HEAR IT FOR OUR FIRST CONTESTANTS! GOOD EVENING GUYS! TELL US YOUR NAMES’ the MC demands at the microphone.
Greg clamps his eyes shut, thumbs halting. He swiftly turns to stare at John, asking, ‘Wh-what do you mean?’
That's ridiculous. He won't like it.
‘Come on, just a quick look.’
“...that was the last time I saw her. Then she called to tell me she was going to her friend’s house to take some class notes....but she never went there.”
‘Ohohh look at him!!’ he comments, giggling and smiling at Sherlock, who suddenly blushes, and quickly turns the page.
‘Yes, I’m doing case research.’ Sherlock firmly replies.
JW 22:53
‘Maybe’ Sherlock answers sarcastically, his phone rings again.
Sherlock flashes Lestrade’s pilfered a badge
‘Yes..’
‘because you’re special’
Silence, again.
Mary smiles back, ‘how’s the case going?’
Mary smiles "Someone you killed three years ago?"
Sherlock slowly turns back, while he unbutton his pants, then starts fucking him from behind, his hand on Sherlock’s neck, pushing intensely, Sherlock starts moaning
‘That’s your fault, that’s your fault John. I wanted to come here!’ Still slapping Mycroft’s face.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and snorts, hiding behind the newspaper.
‘This, this fackin bar has a door! Look! Look, that’s a door!’
Greg asks.
She quickly runs back downstairs.
John, shifted his gaze rapidly between the computer and Sherlock, ‘but…HOW? I mean, why was Adair looking for a dead man?’ He steps forwards to get a closer glimpse of the document.
‘E-hi!’ The visitor greets with a smile.
‘Mmmmm….no. Not the killer.’
John, who had been silently standing at parade rest in the entryway, finally joins in the conversation with a laugh ‘What did Sherlock put down?’
FROM: JOHN
On the bottom?
FROM : MH
‘They’re really nice, really nice indeed’
What? No! I can’t go in and tell him that Myke!!
Greg is driving, John is in the backseat, Sherlock is next to Greg chatting on his phone that it’s ringing over and over again
TO: JOHN
‘Yeap…I already looked like this at 20 years old?’
'I know all that!' Sherlock exclaims with exasperation.
After a quiet moment, away in his mind, Sherlock’s eyes blaze.
FROM : Sherlock
Sherlock narrows his eyes, thinking, adding a small smirk with his left lip ‘I order….the salad’
‘Trying to relax a bit, it was a bit stressing…this…. way to home’
‘Why?’
The whole class stand up, taking books and notes from the desks and walking outside. A girl slowly walks toward Victor’s desk, trying to catch his look and attention ‘Professor Trevor’. Victor rises his eyes, smiling widely ‘Ehi, Sarah, what’s up?'
‘And?’
‘Blame him for that, I have got nothing to do with it.’
‘I’ll stop pickpocketing him when he stops being annoying.’
‘They’re paying, they’ll be out in a moment.’
‘But Moran’s dead, he was found dead two years ago.’ John eagerly contributes.
"Of course..of course I am! I work with Inspector Lestrade. You can trust me."
Greg “Do you have her phone number? Or Daniel’s?"
‘Err… are you busy?’
FROM: JOHN
Mrs. Hudson finally takes heed and runs downstairs, tears streaming down her face. ‘I’ll call the police,’ she cries between sobs. I’ll call your friends!’
Mary ‘These were taken in Paris’
Greg, laughing ‘I told him the same.’
Greg and John are savouring their meals while chatting.
‘No, as you know I was there because Mycroft told me I had to go to Baker Street, so I took the taxi and-‘
Sherlock’s rests his head against the backseat of the cab, his eyes fully closed, and mutters something unintelligible. Greg and John are whispering, heads together. Greg looks over guardedly at Sherlock, ‘So, he threw up?’
'Why must I repeat myself? I AM FINE. GO AWAY! Sherlock snatches a cascading pillow from the edge of the sofa, pitching it towards his elder brother’s form.Mycroft deftly swats the cushion away with the umbrella. Steps shouting against the floorboards, he stalks toward Sherlock’s bedroom.
‘What?’ Greg is even more incredulous.
‘Wh…what are you talking about, Sherlock?'
"Well then don't do it."
‘It’s fine.’ He takes a sip. ‘Open the pack.’
To : John
‘This one! The Great Gatsby! By Fritzgerald’
“because I don’t think I know who my wife is anymore..” John says, looking down, dejected. “I’ve made a mistake Greg..I thought I could forget Sherlock marrying her. And it didn’t work. Now she’s somewhere else, and I don’t know why or where.”
‘The pirate biscuits?’
‘Then let’s go there!’
‘Yep, right, obviously....’
‘Yes! And I also remember you said I was the best thing that could happen to you! And now you come back home whenever you want, you go out at night not telling me where you are going. He’s become a problem you don’t want to discuss. I see a man who started living again when he met me, after Sherlock’s death. Who was happy with his new life. And when Sherlock has come back you just understood what a mistake you did marrying me’
‘Where are we going now, Sherlock? James Tanaka’s bar?’
‘Yes, and you’ll do exactly what I want you to do me’
Mary watches Victor going away, slowly standing up, and going toward the exit door. She takes a step outside the wine bar, looking around, and slowly walking away, keeping her hands in the black fur coat pockets. Three motorcycles run fast on the street toward Victor, who’s crossing the road, shooting him in the back. He falls on the ground, the phone crushes.
“...Will you...I mean...”
JL : Please, sit down.
Sherlock has a hand over his face ‘John.’
‘Eh...’ Sherlock mumbles something unintelligible.
To : John
Sherlock smiles back at him, softly. "Did you prepare breakfast?"
Sherlock looks through the other window, thinking, an index finger strokes his closed mouth.
‘You told me he had to talk to me. He didn’t! You made me understand that I had to talk to him about forgiving him, about what happened between us, but he didn’t tell me anything about it! He just told me that he wanted to get married, that’s what he had to tell me! He didn’t want to talk to me about us! You made me think that we had to talk. Why?’
Mary is washing up the remains of lunch, while John sits idly at the table, methodically finishing a sandwhich.
"Sherlock, don't listen to her, go away!!!"
‘Well today’s going to be another research day, and I need your help.’
‘No!’ he turns back to John ‘I spent one week trying to get to his name and now I want that stupid agenda’
(4:04 pm)
Victor's voice trembles ‘I wasn’t!!! Sherlock, I never told you anything because I was afraid you would have left me, that you wouldn’t have believed me, I was too afraid to lose you, it was so hard for me to get in touch with you again after so many years, I didn’t think it was important, that’s why I didn’t say anything, please you have to believe me’
From: Sherlock
Sherlock turns back and starts walking outside, he follows him, putting a hand on his shoulder
John walks into the kitchen and opens the fridge, taking out two bottles of water.
'I just caaaaaalled to sayyyyy I looooove youuuuuuuuuuuuu
Mary ‘I’ve had enough. Sorry.’
‘He told me that he wanted these ones!’ John says, while walking toward the living room.
(Pouring wine in two glasses, while both are eating)
‘James Tanaka,’ said the Clerk confidently.
‘Sherlock, we need to talk.’ John hurries, irritated by his friend’s avoidance. He stares at Sherlock, mentally compelling him to reply.
hat a… ridiculous human being.’ John stammers furiously, ‘With that… ridiculous French accent and his dandy mood.’ Scoffing, John broadly grins, ‘It’s like he came straight from the Victorian age – please! Go back to where you came from.’ Hands on his knees, shaking his head nervously, John glances round. He laughs loudly, looking at the couple next to him as they stare wide eyed.
John stops, turning to her “I don’t care what you have to tell me”
‘Myke! Can you hear me? These two are gonna die tonight, they’re gonna die’ Greg is almost in tears.
‘You’re doing it fine’ patting his back.
‘Don’t blame me, blame your boyfriend for this’
‘Why Sherlock is so late?’ Mary asks, taking the bottle of wine on the table.
John opens the biscuits, gives a couple to Sherlock, then takes one, and tries it himself. ‘Good’ he munches happily.
‘Everything.’
‘He called me twice telling me I had to come back home, Sherlock’
“You promised to keep her safe”
‘Yes yes, I knew it John’ - Lestrade nods passively.
Tonkotsu restaurant is located in London, Soho. website: https://tonkotsu.co.uk/
‘I believe it won’t be easy avoid the press this time’ John comments heading back toward the fridge ‘Is there anything to eat?’
‘I just want things could come back as before, when we were together and Sherlock wasn’t the first thought when you woke up in the morning’ Mary stands up and goes toward the door, John tries to stop her, grabbing her by the shirt ‘We’re going to book another holiday. I’ll fix everything, it was a bad moment for me, I promise you. I’ll do anything for you. Just tell me what it is I’m not doing. Tell me!’
‘Right.’
From: Mycroft
‘I’m not.’
‘Yes it is’
‘ohoh that’s so typical of our days…’ Sherlock comments smiling
FROM : John
FROM: Sherlock
(4:05 pm)
Greg eyes John for a moment, then comments ‘Is he going toward the man’s house?’
The man realizes there’s somebody else in the kitchen, he looks at John, and smiles at him
‘Ha,’ Lestrade laughs sardonically, ‘We still require the surgeon’s name anyway.’
‘Good, I’m good’ Sherlock sniffs awkwardly, ‘Never been better.’
"Don't be so optimistic, John, they've always been like this, after all, the Holmes brothers will never change"
‘Good’ his head down, still chatting on the phone
‘I…you know if?’
Sherlock nods in her direction, but remains climbing the stairs.
‘Nuit.’
‘No…it’s, never mind John. Everything’s all right.’
‘No, no, no! Sorry! I’m so sorry!’ John sputters an apology at them, ‘we’re from the police...sort of...’ The women stop their hysterics, as Sherlock flashes police credentials. ‘Everything alright?’
‘I-----‘ he huffs out.
Mycroft opens the front and steps out of 221 Baker Street without responding, while Sherlock continues to rant and rave despite the slam that accompanies Mycroft’s departure.
John nods, ‘he’s-’ but instead of finishing the statement, just waves his hands.
//////////////////////////////////////////
Mary ‘What’s his last name?’
FROM : MH
Sherlock replies immediately ‘What’.
‘Sherlock?’
‘Lestrade will love you forever.’
years.’ John indignantly adds.
JOHN : ….Jane…I know you’re still shocked by his death, I’m as shocked as you are to be honest, but you’ve got to accept-
‘Stop hanging out with Sherlock’
‘Aha! Come on Dr. Watson! Don’t be too up on yourself’ she jokes.
‘Okay. Fine, what I have to do?’
‘It’s a special day, there are exceptions!’ Lestrade, tried to keep his voice down, but he knew he’d failed when Sherlock almost spit out his wine with a loud chortle.
“Ill?...how? why?..” He asks, incredulous “We saw him a couple of days ago.”
‘Wha…?’
‘Last evening, before going to the Japanese restaurant’
‘We’ll check the fever now.’ John takes a thermometer and places it under Sherlock’s armpit, closes it, and holds his hand. Sherlock’s eyes flutter open, and John whispers ‘how do you feel?’ Sherlock stares at him for a while, smiling. ‘Thank you’ he ekes out, his voice hoarse.
Fuck you, I'm coming to baker sreet nwo I dont care if youre there or not i ll wait anywyay we have to talk ok????
Sherlock sips more tea, swallows and stares at Mycroft ‘You grew up too quickly with that stupid power complex dad handed you down.’
‘Yes’
‘John, please…I---‘ looking at him, almost shaking
Sherlock picks up his pace, and John laughs alongside him. ‘It’s like you became like a superhero or something.’
1:37 am
Greg just looks at his mobile ‘I don’t know what to say. I told him I’m here, he said I could go after dinner.’
‘You mean no Mary’
John hears the medley of his phone, waking up. Stretching his arms and opening his eyes, he takes the phone in hand, reading the SMS.
“Yeah..” dejected “I hope it, too Mark. Thank you, you’re a kind guy” he smiles at him, gloomily.
‘Yes, I knew it! And you two are behaving like children!’ He stands up.
Sherlock smiles at him again, they run downstairs and go outside, toward Greg’s car.
‘I need a marker, Greg get me a marker.’
Silent, Sherlock doesn’t reply
The press is outside the flat, waiting to see someone coming outside to take a photo and get an interview. Mrs. Hudson is downstairs, hearing the press outside chatting and calling her, but she refuses to go out.
'Then stop ruining your marriage because of me or Sherlock' Victor walks in the living room, looking at John, clearly hearing his words before.
Greg ‘We’ll come back on that street, trying to find the tape. Victor, you’ll stay here this afternoon'
Mary: ‘The paper is made with trees grown in Madagascar, it's stronger and it’s particular for its beige color, almost...yellow, it's pretty vintage.’
‘Do you think we’re on the local news?’ John asks.
‘I assigned a book three weeks ago, ‘After many a summer dies a swam’ by Huxley, have you ever read it?’
‘Why?’ John says still running his nose along Sherlock’s epic cheekbones.
I think Sherlock knows.
Sherlock walks fast toward the table, taking his phone. “I'm not using him, he's useful for the case because Moran has chosen Victor to mislead us, and now two of his students are involved and he can help us. I’m going to call the CIA Inspector, so that we clear this Victor thing, ok?”
Greg’s phone buzzes.
FROM : Greg
TO : Greg
John "Do you think Sherlock let Victor into his life without any advantages? Come on! He knows how he can use Victor to get to Moran, that’s why he needs him. He just played a role. He faked a relationship, he doesn’t feel...anything. Victor is there just for the case.”
‘Come on, you liked to act cool, too…’
‘Oh, I would climb mountains for you.’
A perky blonde blocks his path.
(4:41 pm)
Sherlock turns, putting the violin on the sofa ‘Sleeping’
John takes the glass of beer ‘Now let’s all make a toast’
‘Oh…I had to replace a colleague who couldn’t come’
A moment of silence. they look at each other, confused.
‘Hey listen, I refused! Okay?! I didn’t want any trouble. Adair was a good guy and all, but when he got out of prison, this guy put a hit out on him. He told me we’d earn some serious cash if we found the dude first, but I knew it’d be nothing but trouble, so I turned him down.’
‘I take a Cumberland sausage, mash and red wine onion gravy’
Follow him until he’s at home.
'What happened last night?'
‘Bonne…….nuit!’ waves a hand, and walks backwards. Sherlock totters a bit at the main door, takes the keys from his pocket, and after a few tries opens the door.
To: Mycroft
‘Yeah, I’m getting one too. I think I’m too old for this.’
“I’m....fine...it’s just a cold” trying to take breath, slowly closing his eyes, calming himself. Greg puts his hand on Mycroft’s shoulder, keeping closer in a more intimate way “are you fine?"
‘I’m getting married.’
‘I mean, you have news about Moran?’
‘You’re not obliged to do it.’
Sherlock munches, pulling away only to guzzle water from a tall glass.
THE TIGER TAKES THE LEAP, THE EAGLE SPREADS ITS WINGS WHEN TIGER DIES, HE LEAVES HIS SKIN, WHEN PEOPLE DIE, THEY LEAVE THEIR NAMES:
‘Are you Inspector Gregson Lestrade?’
Molly whispers, ‘Just keep it!’
‘Yes, you must act like you want to stab him hard in the heart.’
‘Seraphita is the name!’
‘Au revoir actually means ‘till see you again’
‘Okay, would you like to come with me, then? I assure you it’s a good movie’
‘What?’
Woodley doesn’t answer, but continues to mix the martini. Once he’s done, he drops it in front of Sherlock, and rest his hands on the bar. He takes a long breath, obviously choosing his words carefully, ‘Yeah, maybe. Why?’
‘Hey, come on it’s not that late! These are the married life effects!’ he laughs.
Mycroft fakes a surprised look on his face ‘Oh, yes, he might have forgotten, probably.’
From: Sherlock
‘…Yes………okay…’ John moves to leave again.
‘Never heard of that name before.’ He pulls out a folded slip of paper.
Mary looks surprised, her eyes wide open. "Where's Daniel?"
‘Yes! Give friends space If they need it.’ John still hasn’t clued in about his reference to internet source material.
John asks, ‘What?’
“John, I can’t talk right now,...the CIA head called me....and I see you don’t need me anyway, you’re safer in Baker Street"
2: 12 am
‘I’ll take the mousse’ Sherlock answers
Sally ‘Who’s that man next to Adair in the photo?’
‘Hey! You both are invited to our place tonight!’ John comments, cheerful looking at Lestrade, and Sherlock.
From : Greg
‘Yes, John, you say he’s your best friend, except that best friends tell everything to one another. You are not even able to ask him, who the man was in his apartment!’
“Don’t get involved! I know what I have to do.”
‘Of course not!’
John waits for Mycroft to answer
Greg looks at the message, sighing.
Mycroft strolls into the kitchen, twirling his umbrella. He grimly grins, ‘Goodbye brother.’
Sherlock walks fast through the hallway, nervously glancing at the people and doctors walking next to him. He stops at room n.7, slowly opening the door.
‘Okay, but do let me know if you find something. Don’t start solving the case yourself or going out asking questions without me, ok-?’
Greg laughs.
A moment of silence...John huffs out, dejected, then turns away...walking nervously through the living room “You know what’s the only mistake I’ve done? Trusting Greg, and coming back to you for this fucking case. I didn’t have to listen to him. And you know why? Because I still haven’t forgiven you for what you’ve done to me. Because if you had told me you were alive I would have waited for you. I wouldn’t have moved on, trying to survive, meeting someone that could make me feel a little better than a piece of shit ready to kill myself. And I probably wouldn’t have come back with you pretending to care about the case and see you avoiding me since Victor arrived.”
This process is repeated a few times by the three men, though by the fourth one they are running out of things to toast to, and start saluting random things they see until they are completely drunk.
‘Later… when?’
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll help him. Don’t worry.”
‘How do you feel?’ Sherlock closes his eyes ‘Good, I’m fine.’
Attached photo
‘Hello. Can I help you?’
Sherlock ignores them both, and looks at the bar, Woodley is nowhere to be found.
Molly quickly slips a glass of champagne into Sherlock’s hand. Which only serves to make him look more befuddled than before.
‘Who’s Sebastian?’
‘Should we go then?’ Greg asks
‘I think now we should all start over again, and just stay with him, try to...really comfort him or do anything to makes him feel better’
‘Should we…just pass and have a look?’ John asks
‘John, don’t worry. It’s all fine...I…you know sometimes Mycroft asks me to…look after him and….I do. He’s been alright, and as far I know he’s clean.’
‘This doesn’t make it a proof. You know John, , ...I know Victor isn't good for Sherlock, he has never been, actually. Sherlock seems to lose his mind when he’s with him, but I know Victor helped him, and, to be honest, I believe he’s helping Sherlock now...in some way.’
‘I…..--- I believe it was an experiment…’
‘Yes but you can’t knock at her door and taking it without a warrant, Sherlock!’ scolding him
‘yes.’ Mycroft replies, reading some pages. He goes back to the desk, sitting on the chair 'So...why Trevor?’
Mycroft stands up, facing his brother ‘That day…when detective Lestrade walked in Baker Street…the dog started barking on the doorstep….You knew he was coming upstairs….but you didn’t stop, did you?’
How will you manage the success now? a diva in your flat won’t make things easier.
‘Lestrade was inside???’
‘It’s Myke!’
From : Sherlock
Sherlock “John..if there’s something you know about her.."
‘Ha ha! Sure Mrs. Morstan.’
Sherlock huffs out, pouring water and quickly drinking ‘I’m not obliged to do it.’
‘No, you’re not!’
To : John
Sherlock nods, drinking
‘Sherlock, give him time,’ John says soothingly to the annoyed looking, consulting detective.
‘Yes! Come on, we need to celebrate Sherlock’s recovery’ Mary comments ‘I’ll send a message to Molly…Sherlock, do you think Mycroft would do us the honor of having dinner with us?’
//////////////////////////////////////////
Greg’s phone starts ringing, he tries to cover the sound of the ring ‘Ehm….It’s…Jane!’
FROM : MH
‘Sherlock!’
"Where we were going the day Daniel shot me"
TO : SH
To : Greg
Mycroft opens the document in front of him, on the header John reads: V.C.
“Sherlock.." she tries to grab Sherlock's dressing gown, shaking. "...Victor...and Molly..” Sherlock looks at her worried.
From: John
Sherlock slows turns towards John, tottering difficulty, he slowly replies, ‘What?’
TO : SH
Victor ‘Daniel, one of my student...I was at the bar talking with Sarah, his friend..she told me he didn’t come back home and now his family is worried, she wanted my help to find him’
‘I don’t know how somebody could walk in and install all those bombs unnoticed’ Lestrade ponders aloud. ‘If you want, you can try to get him out of there…I can assure you there aren’t any more bombs here or out there in the street.’
JOHN : Yes,…but especially when we we-
John stares bewildered.
‘When did they call you? Before you fell asleep, no one had called ’ John asks her.
TO : SH
‘Do you know who sent it? Your fans, perhaps?’ she asks him moving to the living room.
‘What?’ John frowns looking suspicious.
‘Move on. Find somebody else, and accept it. I know what it means. I’ve been through it when....you got married.’
