As soon as Cas maneuvered them both inside the house Dean grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him into a kiss. Cas melted into it for a moment, enjoying the feel of Dean’s full lips and the tiny nip to his bottom lip as Dean tried to go deeper. Gently, Cas pushed him away.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas didn’t meet Dean’s eyes and, after a moment, he walked over to a small shelving unit by the door and carried it to a spot next to the changing table.
“Good evening, Mrs. Winchester, and congratulations on your new grandson.” He looked over to Sam, “Congratulations Sam, you must be so happy.” Sam smiled as Castiel reached over and gripped his shoulder for a moment.
Cas reddened a bit, but quickly recovered with a comeback. “Well, you knew what I meant, so what does that say about you?” He smirked and raised one eyebrow at Dean, challenging him to disagree.
Cas rounded the back of the car and surprised her, “No, that would be me.” He chuckled at Dean, who was still dumbstruck as he circled the vehicle, “and that’s Dean, who’s about to talk your ear off about this car.”
This move was the first step to really committing to his new role as Jack’s guardian. He couldn’t bring himself to call Jack his son yet, but he was absolutely going to raise him like his own. Jack would have his own room here instead of a corner of Cas’ bedroom, and he would have a huge play area downstairs when he got a bit older. Cas was determined to give Jack the most comfortable, loving home he could. It wouldn’t make up for his mother’s loss, but the child would want for nothing.
“You are the most giving person I’ve ever known. You sacrifice so much of yourself for others. I fell in love with you far too fast, and I tried to make myself take it slow. But your love is so open and unconditional I never had a chance.”
Dean was hard as a rock and eagerly spread his knees to make room for Cas. Cas stroked one dry finger across Dean’s skin, starting at the spot just behind Dean’s sack, stroking up the seam between his balls and then up the length of his cock, until he finally scooped up the bed of clear fluid on the tip and spread it over the spongy head. Dean groaned and threw his head back.
“Thing is, he’s not as strong as he looks but he’ll bend over backwards to avoid showing you when he’s hurting. He’ll do anything you ask, and he won’t ever tell you what he needs.” Sam gave Cas a meaningful look. “He has a bad habit of choosing people because they like him, not the other way around. People who want something from him, but don’t give him anything.”
Dean pulled around the corner half a block away from his home, hitting the garage door opener as soon as he was within range. He pulled the impala into the garage connected to the last of a long row of brand-new townhouses. The new development was slowly filling with new owners. His part of the complex had been quiet since he moved in two months ago, but by the looks of the moving truck in front of the garage next door that was coming to an end.
Cas and Dean showered together the morning of the party, taking their time and enjoying their growing intimacy. Since the “baby talk” they had opened up to each other in almost every way. They were both a little afraid about how quickly they were falling for each other, but couldn’t stop themselves.
The man behind the counter had dark tousled hair and blue eyes. His eyes crinkled at the corners as he flashed a smile at Dean and dusted his hands on his apron. “What can I get for you?”
“It was one of the few things he owned of value, and my mom drove it after he passed. When I was old enough, I got Bobby to teach me how to keep it running. I saved up to buy my mom a nice used Toyota and then she signed Baby over to me.” He paused again, “I’m a little attached.”
When they eventually came up for air and rested their foreheads together, Cas was the first to speak. “That was … unexpected.” He felt Dean’s muscles tighten slightly and quickly added, “but completely welcome.” He raised his head slightly to make eye contact. “Dean, I don’t want this to be a one-time thing.”
Cas smiled, “Nope, I’m sticking around for a while.” He stroked Dean’s cheek fondly and changed the subject, “I noticed Brady hasn’t been around for a while.”
Cas flushed, “Yes, Missouri, this is Dean. Dean, this is my friend Missouri. She’s a nurse and Jack’s occasional babysitter.” He reached for Jack and she handed him over. “And this is Jack,” Cas said proudly.
“I just thought I should look a bit more put together for a baby shower,” Cas said, tugging at the shirt cuffs and obsessively tucking and re-tucking his shirt tails while he checked his appearance in a full-length mirror.
Cas laughed, “I’m afraid my system isn’t something most people would understand easily.” He pointed to a group of the growing stacks on his right, “Those books are personal favorites, divided into fiction and non-fiction, and alphabetical by author. The ones by the wall are books I’ve written, split between my fantasy series and the LGBTQ romances.” He pointed to another large stack to his left, “And those are books I studied in University or used for teaching.”
“I’m glad you like it,” Cas said, grinning, as he jerked the drawer open on the nightstand and tossed a small bottle of lube and a condom onto the comforter. He crawled up onto the bed and hovered over Dean on his hands and knees. He kissed and nuzzled at Dean’s lips. “How do you want to do this?”
“Yes, Gabriel, I know, but you’ve been taking a lot and now it’s time to make up for it with some giving.” Castiel grinned at Gabriel. “You’re taking the early shift tomorrow. No excuses.”
“Sam, I can explain. Just a minute.” Dean covered the phone and looked to a curious Cas, “Want to meet my brother?” Cas gave him a thumbs up.
They settled in and ordered burgers and beers all around. The conversation turned to Sam’s impending fatherhood and Eileen’s health. Sam was happy to share his excitement, and a few fears, with them all. He was the first of them to start a family, so they had very little advice but lots of good wishes.
Then he took Dean’s hand and led him to the living room where he tucked Dean in with a blanket and put Fleetwood Mac on the record player before joining him. They stretched out together on the couch, listening to Stevie sing Dreams and exchanging few soft kisses before they fell asleep.
“I cook a bit,” said Dean. “Had to do a lot of it when we were young. Dad died when I was 4 and mom had to work a lot.”
Cas looked confused. He didn’t remember saying anything to Missouri about the guardianship or anything else.
The man looked a bit taken aback, but quickly recovered and responded. “Nice to meet you Dean. I’m Castiel. Enjoy your pie.” Then he smiled again and went back behind the counter.
“Eileen was just giving me some good advice about the Winchester brothers,” Cas said, putting on his best innocent look.
Mary was still frustrated, “Well then, you try to find someone who is! You’ve never been serious about a man before, and a man can’t give you children.”
They both reached for the empty boxes, breaking them down and carrying them out of the now complete baby room and into the kitchen.
Cas gave Sam’s shoulder a squeeze and a half hug, “We wouldn’t have missed it! How’s it going, ‘Dad’?”
Dean dropped his eyes and paused, clearly thinking his answer through. “Cas, I think I want that too.” Dean raised his head and refocused his bottle green eyes entirely on Cas’ bright blue. “I just feel like maybe I should take some time to get there. This time. I want this one to last.”
“That sounds like a challenge. Can we see if there’s anything new to you in my stacks?” Cas stood and walked over to the records.
Cas looked a bit sheepish. “You have to admit, Dean. Your car is a little … phallic,” he shrugged. “You don’t seem like the kind of guy to compensate for anything.”
Dean placed the last of his books on the shelf and sat down a couple of feet away from Cas as the first notes played. He immediately recognized the first song from snippets he heard during pro sports on TV. “Hey, I know that!”
Dean belly laughed as Cas rolled his eyes and then smiled. He leaned into Dean on the couch and snuggled up to him.
“Well, okay, if you’re free. I was thinking about some laminate or maybe hardwood for most of the house, and linoleum for the kitchen.”
“I could sell you one, but the cheap ones aren’t good and you probably won’t use it much after this.” Dean looked thoughtful. “Or, I could loan you one.”
Under the sink was a reasonable supply of toilet paper, a few extra bars of soap and bottles of shampoo, and a box with Cas’ shaving supplies.
Two hours later his beer sat half full on the coffee table and he was at least a third of the way into the book. He had been quickly drawn in by Cas’ writing, his unique characters and plots that didn’t rely on the same old romance tropes. Dean had watched his share of chick flicks, usually late at night and alone, so he knew tropes.
“Sure, just a moment.” The door closed again, and the man returned to talking on his phone. “I’ve got to go; I’ll call you tomorrow.” Another pause. “I’ll be fine, don’t worry.”
Cas pointed to the coffee maker and she nodded. He tried to sound casual, answering her while he made her coffee. “The movers set up the bedframe and put a few things in place. Dean helped me with the kitchen and Jack’s room, mostly. He’s very handy.”
“I’m just going to take him up to the nursery to get settled in,” the nurse said, but she didn’t look up at Cas and hurried away down the hall.
Cas had been quiet the whole time Dean was unpacking, so Dean was surprised to find him in the living room. The bong on the table had clearly been used in the last few minutes. Cas was sitting on the inside corner piece of the big sectional, his feet pulled up and crossed in front of him, his hands resting lightly on his knees, and his eyes closed.
One memorable night they watched “Rocky Horror Picture Show” while Cas got stoned and Dean drank whiskey.
Cas sat up and withdrew his hands from Dean’s body, wiping his right hand on the sheets before he ripped open the condom, rolled it down onto his own hard shaft and drizzled it with some more lube. He gave his cock two light strokes, then shuffled forward on his knees. Dean lifted his knees high and Cas lined himself up and nudged Dean’s hole with the tip of his cock. He started to breach Dean slowly, but Dean was impatient. He pushed himself down onto Cas’ cock, at the same time wrapping his legs around Cas’ hips and pulling him in. Cas was overwhelmed by the tight warmth surrounding him and had to take a moment to let them both adjust.
“You’re right Cas, that’s exactly who Dean is, but that’s only part of it.” Sam looked at Cas intently. “He’s going to be pissed if he finds out I ever told you this, but you need to know.” Cas nodded thoughtfully and Sam continued.
Cas took a deep pull from the bong, holding the smoke in just long enough to feel the buzz fast. He didn’t like self medicating with pot, but tonight was a bit of an exception, not something he was going to make a habit. He needed some self care and comfort right now.
The coffee was freshly ground and perfectly rich. The pie was still warm from the oven, with a buttery crust and spiced apple filling. Dean ate slowly, savoring every small bite of pie and perfect sip of coffee while he snuck glances at the man behind the counter. Castiel moved confidently between the open kitchen and the counter, occasionally serving a customer in between rolling out dough and sprinkling it with cinnamon sugar and butter. Dean watched his long, slender fingers as they perfectly formed a long roll out of the dough, cut it into individual buns and nestled them together in a pan ready for the oven.
“Yeah, Sam was being all passive-aggressive about that, but Brady kept calling and showing up at the house. Sam finally confronted him last month, told him what a few of us had heard and seen. Brady didn’t even try to deny it, just said it was harmless and tried to make it out like he was providing a ‘service’ to people in pain.”
“What are you saying about me?” Dean addressed them both. Eileen just laughed and gave him a playful shove on his shoulder.
Dean was opening the Johnny Walker and Cas was pulling glasses out of the kitchen cupboard when Sam knocked.
Cas hesitated in the hallway, wanting to follow the baby to the nursery but feeling like he needed to wait for news about Kelly.
Sam and Eileen’s house was packed and the living room was already stacked with gifts. Cas and Dean added their ribbon topped laundry basket to the stacks. They wandered through the crowds to the kitchen, Dean waving at a few people on the way, and found Mary refreshing pitchers of strawberry lemonade.
He gestured around him. “Obviously, the kitchen. I have all the basics, but there’s still some space if you have lots too. Pantry is that cabinet. I guess we’ll need to figure out groceries and whether we want to share meals.”
“I was actually thinking of setting up my office area over by the patio doors, so maybe down there a bit?” Cas wondered. “This larger area could be like a rumpus room and play area for Jack.”
Castiel went straight to the link at the bottom of the message and found dozens of home reno DIY videos, all hosted by “Handy Dean”, and sponsored by Bobby’s Home & Hardware. He quickly selected one near the top labelled “Tile it All” and held his breath as it loaded. The video was simple but well lit and the sound was clear, so Castiel had no trouble hearing Dean’s deep voice and – finally – seeing all of his beautiful features. The mask at the store had apparently been hiding full lips and a chiseled jaw, but the playful tilt of Dean’s wide smile sealed the deal.
When his cup was empty once again, Dean considered his options. Finally, he decided on a course of action and took the cup with him to the counter. Dean smiled at Castiel when he turned to him, but the words he had planned froze on the tip of his tongue.
Dean waved him off, “Not your problem and you don’t have to apologize.” He smirked at Sam, “But I will kick his ass if he does it again.”
Dean threw on a newer pair of jeans and dark green henley in his room. He hadn’t slept in his own bed for days, so it was really just a storage space for his stuff. When he joined Cas in the master bedroom, he pulled up short and did a double take. His free-spirited stoner boyfriend was suddenly dressing like the accountant he was – pale blue button down, khakis and plain white sneakers. “What the hell, Cas? Are you trying a new look?”
“You’re really asking me how I am?” Cas tries to keep his voice light and curious rather than accusatory.
“He told the Shadow it could take him, right then, instead of having to wait until he died, if it would leave me alone.” Jack’s eyes fall to his feet. “It agreed.”
Dean sits up properly and rubs the back of his neck, legs moving away from Cas’ lap. Cas tries not to feel too upset about that.
amount of time, any more than this, I’d do it in a heartbeat, Cas, you gotta know that. I just...I need you to know, I need to say it now, ‘cause now’s all I got left.”
Dean slides down the bed further, trying to hide behind his laptop screen, as though he knows what’s coming next.
At that, Cas leans a little bit away from him and meets his eyes. “Does that mean,” he says slowly, “that you’d like to do it again?”
“And what would you have said?” Cas is shouting, now, too. “How could I have known you wouldn’t laugh at me or resent me for it and push me away so far that I stopped wanting to come back?”
“Well, you’re important to me, too, you stupid son of a bitch, I could just never figure out how I was meant to tell you that without winding up losing you another damn time!”
Dean hasn’t spoken much since they decided he would have to go on a pretend date with Cas, and Cas has been trying very hard not to take it personally. This is difficult to do when Dean hardly even looks at him. He has been sat on his bed since he returned to the motel room with a bottle full of duck blood, opting to stare at the screen of his laptop with an almost worrying intensity instead of talking to Sam or Cas. One of the only times he speaks is when he finds a website with some lore on vastamares that they hadn’t come across yet.
He nibbles at a fry and almost spits it back out again. The feeling of eating human food as an angel is, unfortunately, highly unpleasant, as it’s impossible to eat anything without tasting every single molecule that makes it up. Cas has tried countless times to explain the experience to Sam and Dean in terms they might understand, but is yet to find the words to do the intensely disgusting experience justice. He misses how food tasted when he was human, when he could live in ignorant bliss of what made up whatever was in his mouth and just focus on its taste. He cautiously tries a breadstick but finds it’s only slightly more bearable than the fries.
Cas is sure they’d established exactly why very loudly earlier, so he thinks about it for a second before he responds, “Because I don’t want you to get an infection.”
“Dean, I need you to tell me how we’re doing this.” Met with a confused glance, he continues, “I need you to tell me if we’re going to try and deal with this or pretend it didn’t happen.”
Sam heads outside to see if any of the crowd in front of the house were witnesses, and Dean tells Cas to have a look around while he talks to the sheriff.
“That dick!” Dean yells when they’re back in the parking lot, still trying to shove Cas out of the way and get back into the bar. “He doesn’t even know you, man. I
“What was that about this not looking like a case, Dean?” Sam calls, amusement creeping into his voice.
Just as Cas resigns himself to squinting at Dean’s head for the rest of the trip with absolutely no justification, he hears Dean’s voice without seeing his mouth move.
Five minutes later, Cas sees Dean tapping his fingers on the wheel in time with the beat. He smiles to himself, a little more pleased about that than he should be.
they hadn’t already tried this. He turns and frantically tries to launch himself at Dean to stop him, failing miserably and just sort of collapsing onto the ground.
you know how to talk to people, Cas. I just don’t want you going all robo-angel on them and freaking them out, you know?”
, the same song Dean had been singing to himself in the shower back at the motel. It takes Dean a few seconds longer to recognise it, and his leg abruptly stops moving as he turns his head sharply to look out of the passenger window.
Looking for all the world like he had actually managed to forget about it, Dean sighs. “You can heal it, if you want.”
“Hey, that’s different, all my other dates were real. And most of ‘em were with…” Dean’s hand tightens slightly on Cas’ arm. “You know…with women.”
She leads them into the house, and the officer she had been talking to follows closely behind them. Cas turns to look at him as they walk and meets his eyes. The man doesn’t look away.
But Cas isn’t keen on the idea of leaving Sam to deal with the vastamare alone, and he knows that Dean isn’t, either. So, he grabs Dean’s arm and starts shuffling, slow but determined, towards the door.
“It got him, Sammy.” Dean’s voice is thick. He keeps a firm hold on Cas as he helps him collapse against the wall of The Tree Trunk.
“I worry that, if I don’t, you’ll forget and do something stupid.” Cas is vaguely aware of how insane they must look, yelling all of this to each other. “Besides, there’s nothing wrong with me wanting you to know how important you are to me! To everything!”
Cas spends a while in his changing room, as every part of his outfit feels a little too tight and restrictive, so is difficult to get on. Dean has picked out a plain grey t-shirt for him, along with black jeans and a dark brown leather jacket that matched the pair of dark brown boots that are too solid to be comfortable. There were no socks in the pile of clothes, so Cas opts to wear the ones he has on, light blue with various types of bird stitched into them; they aren’t visible under the boots and jeans, anyway, so they don’t detract from the sleekness of the outfit. The outfit itself is not a style he’s particularly fond of, but being able to keep his socks on underneath makes him happy.
“Bartender said the same,” Dean tells him. “She also heard Rita tell Jerry she didn’t love him before they got the boot.”
Cas grits his teeth and turns back to the window. He had wanted a sign, and he truly was glad he’d gotten one, but that doesn’t stop the bitterness from seeping in at Dean’s unspoken words.
graze his cheek before he can dodge it, but he immediately swings the stake at it like a baseball bat and knocks it to the edge of the circle, where it smacks against some invisible barrier and staggers back to the centre.
Dean helps Cas clamber out of the car but, the second he’s on his feet, he has to stop and lean back against the door to steady himself. He feels more drained, both mentally and physically, than he can recall ever having been before.
As they move, Dean’s free hand that isn’t being crushed in Cas’ grip moves up to rest on the hand that’s cutting off circulation to most of his arm, stroking Cas’ fingers. Cas doesn’t really notice; he’s too busy staring at the ground, trying to swallow back words that keep clawing up his throat.
Cas has to gently tug him between the tables and over to the bar. As they sit, Cas asks the bartender – a different person from the woman they had met earlier – for two beers. He has to keep giving Dean’s leg soft kicks to get him to stop looking anxiously around the room.
No one argues, so they grab their jackets and head out. Cas hides a smile as Dean holds the door open for him. As he passes, he places a hand on Dean’s shoulder in silent thanks and fixes the crick in his neck with his grace.
Cas looks up at him, briefly, expression heavy with the loss they’re both anticipating. When his eyes fall away, Dean’s chest pangs with another kind of loss, the loss of what could have been. Suddenly, all that time he spent holding Cas - holding
“Dean, I love that you show how you feel about people in different ways.” Cas’ throat is hoarse. “You do so many small things for others and don’t even have a clue how loved it makes them feel, you just do it because that’s
The strong breeze whistles noisily through the trees outside their motel room that night. Cas glances over to where Sam and Dean are sleeping to make sure it didn’t wake them. They’re both still snoring.
As he pulls his hand away, Cas’ jacket makes a squeaky noise, so he pulls it off with a huff and drops it onto the bed. When he turns back, Dean is watching him with wide, cautious eyes, taking in his t-shirt before looking back up at his face.
“Hi Dean! Yes, just deciding on something to replace a lot of old shag carpet. Sorry if I interrupted you with a customer …” Castiel glanced towards the door.
Dean turned the still warm cup in his hands as he glanced out the steamy window. It was a cold fall day, but it was warm inside, even more so with the heat coming from the bakery ovens. The entire shop was scented with layers of cinnamon, sweet fruit, vanilla and chocolate. Dean had plenty of time to take in the warm and cozy atmosphere of the coffee shop while he nursed his third cup of coffee.
“Interesting,” said Cas, “I know people who have shelves full of books they haven’t read, but that makes about as much sense as collecting music you never listen to.”
“Mom, you know he can have all that with a man too. Just watch them together, I’m sure you’ll see what I see.”
“Hey Cas, just thought I’d drop by and see if you’re free tonight. I could bring some brackets and help you with those bookcases.”
“Fair point,” Dean conceded, still laughing. He pulled a device out of his shirt pocket that looked a bit like a remote or a calculator, and a carpenter’s pencil. Cas followed him over to the space he’d indicated for the shelves and watched as he ran the device along the wall and watched the little LED screen at the top, occasionally making marks about 6 feet up the wall.
The man was in the middle of a conversation with someone on his phone. “Missouri has Jack for the night, so I’ll be able to get a lot of the big things in place tonight.”
There were two boxes left in the room and the men unpacked them together, placing stuffed toys and board books on the shelves. The last thing Cas placed was a framed photo of Kelly that he’d taken when she was almost 9 months pregnant.
After a half hour of quiet celebration, Mary said her goodbyes. “Well, I need to head home to bed. I’m a grandma now, I guess I should start acting like it.” They all laughed and she gathered up her coat, bending to drop one more kiss to the crown of Oscar’s head and saying goodbye to Eileen. Sam rose to walk her out. Dean and Cas decided to stay for a while longer. Dean asked, “How are you feeling Eileen?”
With a bit more energy, Dean started dumping Carmen’s books on the floor – the celebrity housewife cookbooks she never used, the weird vampire series, all her “beach books” – and placed his in the boxes until the shelves were empty. He filled up the box with the other odds and ends he’d left laying around the room last time he was home.
Finally, while Jack slept on, Cas managed to pull up his latest work on his laptop. He hadn’t been able to write for long stretches over the last few months, but he’d adjusted to writing a few paragraphs at a time, jotting down pieces of plot line to fill in, or dialogue that he’d write around later. It reminded him of the days when he was still teaching full time and writing in the evenings. He knew he could get a couple of hours straight after Jack settled for the night if he was disciplined, but he was always careful to get an early night himself and prepare for the inevitable middle of the night feedings and diaper changes.
The room was big enough, with a typically small “old house” closet and big, old windows. There was a bed already and small dresser, which was handy since Dean didn’t have either.
“Smooth is overrated Dean.” Castiel grinned. “I have some unexpected free time. Why don’t we get to know each other a bit better?”
Cas laughed at Dean’s joke, “No, actually I’m a writer. Former professor, as well, but I don’t do much of that anymore.”
Dean arrived just as Cas was washing up and Jack was rocking and cooing happily in his bouncy chair on the floor. Cas answered the door with a towel slung over his shoulder and messy hair. Dean flashed a wide grin and held up a Home Depot bag. “I have brackets, screws and anchors. Let me at those bookcases!”
“Yep, Jack’s a lucky boy to have you around, that’s for sure.” Dean stood and surveyed the stacks. “Where can I help?”
Dean frowned slightly, “I don’t really like cats, Cas.” Gabe squinted his eyes and blinked sleepily at Dean.
“That was a lot of work. I’m glad we stayed and helped them clean up. Sam and Eileen looked dead on their feet.”
When he made his way to the choices for laminate and hardwood he found himself only 10 feet or so away from where Dean was helping a customer. The woman was in her 30’s, wearing form-fitting yoga pants and a tank top, and gazing up at Dean as if he was explaining the secrets of the universe. Dean was going over her options for a new kitchen floor, but when he caught sight of Castiel he thrust a handful of pamphlets at her. “It looks like you haven’t quite decided what you want. Maybe you could look these over and come back?” Dean suggested, sort of directing her towards the door with one arm while not actually touching her.
“I’m glad,” Cas said, uncrossing his legs and heading back to the kitchen. He came back moments later with more of Dean’s books and joined him on the floor in front of the bookshelf. They both set to unpacking and Dean started lining up the books on each shelf.
Dean stood and undid his belt buckle, then pulled it free of his belt loops and dropped it to the floor, turning toward the hallway and looking coyly over his shoulder with a grin.
Dean and Cas came around the other side of the bed and Dean touched Eileen’s shoulder slightly to get her attention. She looked up and smiled widely at the both, “Dean, Cas, thanks so much for coming.”
Castiel strolled through the aisles, picking out the supplies he’d need to refinish the cabinets first and then things he’d need for the bathroom. He picked out some plain white subway tiles to go around the tub and then some small hexagonal tiles in black and white for the floor. He was dropping some new cabinet hardware in his cart when he saw someone enter the aisle out of the corner of his eye.
“Gabe is a Burmese and he has made it clear to me that he is a small furry human.” Cas grinned. “I respect his choices.”
“I don’t know you well, Brady, but I’m sure if you were a good friend of Dean’s you wouldn’t have to ask.” Cas turned back to the grill to check the meat and turn the hot dogs.
Cas laughed, “Well, he’s not quite ‘toddling’ yet, but I appreciate the help.” Cas finished up the last of the cleaning while Dean kept Jack amused, and then they headed downstairs to tackle the shelves. Cas settled Jack in with his bouncy chair in an open space where he could watch them work without being too close to the action.
The doctor watched Cas as he processed the information. Cas was stoic, his mouth tight as he looked back up at the doctor with almost no expression. “Thank you for telling me. Can I see her?”
“Of course, and there’s a social worker on call who can answer any questions you might have about his care.”
Dean wasn’t fooled. “No, really, don’t try that with me. I want to know how you feel right now.” Dean was a bit afraid that the family visit had scared Cas off.
Cas stayed quiet for the most part, just interjecting when Sam asked about the new place and how long Dean would be staying. “As long as you want, Dean. I wasn’t doing anything with the extra space and I like having someone around besides Gabe.” Which led to Cas explaining who Gabe was and making introductions to Sam.
“I know you’re good at your job Cas, but that still doesn’t explain how you got here. No offense, but you just don’t look like the guy that goes to business school.” Dean gestured to Cas’ faded yoga pants worn with a knee length cotton tunic.
Missouri gave Cas a knowing look and turned back to her coffee. Cas blushed and watched Dean and Jack. Dean was so confident and obviously had a lot of experience with babies. He looked even more handsome with his strong arms wrapped around Jack.
As Cas got into the driver’s seat, she asked for his phone and added her name and number to his contacts. “You call any time, hear? I won’t be bothered and I know this is all new to you.”
Oscar’s baby shower was planned for his 2-week birthday. Eileen had balked at the idea of celebrating before the birth, and told Sam that if they were going to have a shower for the baby it would be after both her and Oscar were home and healthy. Although she was practical and down to earth most times, it turned out that she had some strongly held superstitions that kept her from tempting fate.
Finally, Dean made his way to the bedroom. The bed was made, so Carmen had at least covered up the most blatant evidence of last night. As he walked around to his side of the bed he spied a condom wrapper in the garbage. After that he kept his eyes up and hurried to pack up his nightstand. He had some tissues and minty lip balm (he liked the tingle), and a copy of Jake Tapper’s The Hellfire Club with a bookmark halfway through. He was already looking forward to Tapper’s next novel, and had read The Outpost twice. He’d tried to talk to Carmen about the cool 60’s atmosphere of the book and the political history, but she wasn’t interested in political thrillers, even if they were by celebrity authors.
While he waited in the express lane to pay, Dean caught a whiff of fresh flowers. He actually loved flowers, except for those horrible stargazer lilies that made him nauseous. The bunches of gerbera daisies on the display near him were perfect – colorful, fresh and naturally fragrant, but not overpowering. He wondered idly if Cas liked flowers, and if he would like daisies or roses better.
A short drive later they pulled up to a small two story, painted a soft sky blue with white trim and a dark red door. If Dean used words like “charming” it would be the perfect word for Cas’ house. A flower bed under a large window was crowded with what looked like wild flowers, a little unruly but “charming”. Cas parked in the driveway, in front of an old garage that was likely too small for his truck and Dean pulled in behind him.
At the end of the hall, Missouri knocked sharply on a closed door and then swung it open. “Pamela, get your feet off that desk, you’ve got company.” She waved Cas in through the door and closed it behind him.
Dean headed home and dished up his meal, stashing the rest away in the fridge, and staked out his favorite spot on the couch. He checked his DVR and pulled up Prodigal Son. He loved the mysteries and the dynamic between “The Surgeon” and his son, but the eye candy on the show didn’t hurt either. He watched a couple of episodes while he ate his ribs and potato salad, then turned it off and cleaned up the few dishes he had used over the day.
“Don’t worry, I’ve settled him back in his bassinet. He drank almost a full bottle and then you both fell fast asleep.” Missouri smiled down at Cas and handed him a bottle of water. “Whenever you’re ready I can take you to talk to our social worker.”
“You’re saving me from a night of Netflix and chilling by myself,” Dean insisted, “And I’m good with my hands.”
Dean sat quietly and let the songs roll over him, enjoying the combination of instrumental pieces, poetic lyrics and melodies he knew would stick with him.
The final hour was hard on Kelly, as she’d chosen to “keep it natural” – a choice she seemed to regret at more than one point – and she stubbornly stuck to her guns, Ultimately, she did everything she needed to do, with Cas at her side rubbing her shoulders, offering her ice chips and reminding her to breathe. Finally, the doctor was handing her a healthy newborn boy while Cas hugged her gently and they cried happy tears together.
Cas laid Dean tenderly on his king size mattress. Dean shuffled back until his head lay on the pillows and Cas crawled up between his spread legs. While Cas worked the buttons on Dean’s plaid shirt, Dean slid Cas’ loose tunic over his head. Bare chested against each other, Cas dropped his mouth to Dean’s ear and whispered, “do you have some?”
After uprooting his entire life to make room for Jack Cas couldn’t imagine going back. As tough as it was, giving up Jack for the life of a childless bachelor with few responsibilities held no attraction for Cas any more. While Jack napped in the afternoon, Cas filled the fridge and arranged the pantry shelves with their grocery haul.
As soon as he entered the house, he peeked out the window next to his front door to see what sort of things his new neighbours were bringing in. One of the moving men was stacking heavy boxes onto a dolly, all of them marked “books”. The furniture was unremarkable, some old and other things very new, like the change table and portable play pen Dean spied. It looked like a young family was moving in. Dean just hoped they were quiet.
Cas grinned broadly, “Yes, that would be great.” He heard Jack fussing and glanced over his shoulder.
“As you wish,” Charlie said. She nodded towards the driveway before pulling away from the curb, “Are you the vintage pickup or the Impala?”
“Everything was decided for me from the time I was born until I went into the family business. I thought if I went along it would be easier and then once I was working, I could start living my own life. I was wrong.” He paused and fiddled with the embroidery at the bottom edge of his tunic. “My dad wanted to buy up a small independent publisher that was getting a lot of interest. The owner had ‘aspirations’ and my family is firmly at the top of New York’s social circles.” Dean’s eyebrows raised even more, but Cas pushed on. “My dad announced my engagement to the owner’s daughter, April, the day they signed the papers.”
The doorbell rang again, and Cas looked confused. Missouri waved him off and he headed down the stairs to answer the door.
Dean laughed loudly, “Cas, I think you’re the only person under 40 who I’ve ever heard using the term ‘rumpus room’!”
He remembered the gift bag Dean had brought with him, now forgotten on a side table. Cas recovered it and handed it to Dean, gently prying his attention away from Oscar.
Cas flushed and smiled, but also batted Dean’s hands away. “Behave. We need to be presentable for family.” Dean pouted and Cas relented, turning in his arms and pulling him into a deep kiss. When they finally parted, he spoke softly in Dean’s ear, “Later, lover boy.”
Dean shuffled closer to Cas so that he could pull him into a loose hug, their foreheads almost touching.
Some time later Cas woke with a start when someone shook his shoulder. He immediately looked down for Jack.
The rest of the afternoon seemed to pass in slow motion for Dean and Cas. They gravitated to each other naturally, but each stayed quiet about their conversations with Mary and Brady. Managing to successfully avoid too much conversation and any other confrontations, they quietly sipped lemonade, choked down a polite amount of food, and affectionately greeted Sam, Eileen and Oscar. Then they faded into the background and stayed only long enough so their departure wouldn’t be noted.
Dean chuckled and shook his head in wonder. “Wow, Cas, you’re a riddle inside a conundrum. But I think you’re growing on me.” He topped up their scotch and then lifted his glass towards Cas. Cas met him halfway. They tapped the glasses together and smiled, then continued to sip their drinks in comfortable silence.
They piled into the room and went soft at the sight in front of them. Eileen, even red faced with her hair pulled back, was positively beautiful as she gazed down at the bundle in her arms. Mary sat at her side, bent over and beaming at the new addition to her family. This was her first grandchild, and she hoped he could have the childhood she couldn’t give her own boys.
“You are part of the family, Cas.” Dean shifted and slid his arms around Cas’ shoulders. “I know it took my mom some time to get on board, but I hope you know you’re always a part of my family now.”
He had a few very large volumes of photography and history that he lined across the bottom, and then worked his way up through some hard cover political thrillers and bios, right up to the soft cover classics and newer literature he loved – Vonnegut, Hemingway, Orwell, Atwood, Gaiman, King and Hill, among others.
The tub shelf held a bottle of 2-in-1 shampoo & conditioner, a bar of soap and a natural loofah sponge. Dean also noticed the tub had been recently cleaned and appreciate that there were no long dark hairs snaking down the drain.
Cas smiled and squeezed Dean’s hand. “I’m glad we cleared that up,” but he was frowning. “I am worried about Sam. He spends a lot of time around Brady and I didn’t think he was into that stuff either.”
“Oh really! Well, I guess I know who I’ll be seeing when Dot needs her tune ups.”  They were just pulling up to the hospital entrance and Charlie slowed to park in a loading zone.
“Oh shit, I’m so rude,” Dean pulled Sam into the kitchen and closed the door. He turned Sam towards Cas and then gestured between them. “Cas, this is my little brother Sam. Sam, this is my new roommate, Cas.”
Dean took a deep breath. “When I moved in here, I was a bit broken. I wasn’t taking care of myself and I wasn’t being true to myself. Carmen took advantage of that, but I let her do it.’ He stroked Cas’ face, “Then I met you and you saw me at my worst. But you didn’t care. You opened your home to me and you showed me that I didn’t need to pretend to be anything more or less than I was. You pulled me out of hell and rebuilt me piece by piece. And along the way, I fell in love with you. That love filled the cracks in all my broken pieces.” Cas looked surprised and Dean stopped him before he could answer. “It’s okay if you don’t say it back, Cas. It’s enough that I could tell you, and just be in love with you”
“So, Dean, you seem to be in no rush to leave, and if I’m not wrong you’ve been checking me out.” Castiel raised an eyebrow at Dean and smiled. “Am I wrong?”
“I’m Bobby’s accountant. I started a few months ago. I’ve heard a lot about you,” Cas smiled at Sam and poured the tea.
Cas grabbed a bottle of water and went into Jack’s room to start unpacking. He would work through the night if he had to, just to make sure Jack’s room was ready when Missouri brought him back in the morning. He was halfway through assembling the crib when the doorbell rang. Cas dropped what he was doing and sighed in frustration as he made his way to the front door. It was just like Michael to come over when Cas told him not to. But when Cas looked through the side window, he was surprised to see a stranger. Cas cautiously opened the door, “May I help you?”
That drew Mary’s attention and she looked up at the boys, “So, this is the Cas I’ve been hearing so much about.” She extended one hand over the bed and Cas reached out to shake it firmly.
The next morning Castiel took extra care dressing in the jeans that hugged his butt just right and a cobalt blue sweater that the saleslady had told him made his blue eyes “luminous”. He finished it with his weathered black boots and leather jacket, then tucked his rainbow mask in his pocket.
Cas stared straight into Sam’s eyes and said firmly, “Don’t worry Sam. Your brother is safe with me.”
“Good boy,” the nurse patted Cas on the shoulder but she was really praising the baby. “I’ll leave you to it.”
The day had started with a rush of excitement when Kelly called and told him she was in labour. He had helped her prepare for months - going with her to all the classes, putting together the crib and helping her with her birth plan. Kelly had asked him to be with her in the delivery room and they were both a little scared but excited when he joined her at the hospital. The first few hours were slow. Kelly paced when she could to move the labour along, leaning on Cas when each contraction hit. Cas played a steady stream of TikTok videos to keep her laughing and distracted. A tarot card reader with machine gun delivery and a catchy, though profane, tagline helped her get energized. Animal videos, particularly howling huskies or half wild serval cats kept as pets, were Cas’ favorites.
“You know, you’ll never have what Sam has here if you don’t give up on these ‘flings’,” Mary said, irritated.
Dean gestured to the bookcases. “So, you want them against this wall, or should we move them first?”
“Actually, that would be awesome!” Castiel smiled broadly. He loaded his cart with the seal and fixtures the man pointed out.
Cas was surprised by Dean’s broad knowledge of pop culture, particularly good music, literature and movies. Dean could rattle off the song order on any Pink Floyd album (“you’re meant to listen to them in order”), and he could quote Shakespeare or Vonnegut with equal ease in casual conversation.
Cas drank half the bottle in short order, and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “I’m ready now if you would be so kind.”
Cas and Dean were excited to go out shopping for more baby gifts, and they both had so many ideas. They started by picking up a blue wicker laundry basket. Cas added organic baby soap and diaper rash cream made by a friend from his yoga class. Dean, recalling Sam’s strong gag reflex as a baby and toddler, added a half dozen burp cloths patterned with Bob the Builder, Winnie the Pooh and Paw Patrol. They each picked sleepers – purple fleece with a big green cartoon dinosaur on the front for Dean, and red jersey with penguins from Cas.
Now that he was working from home full time, Castiel found it helpful to break up his work day into small chunks, interspersed with renovations. Alternating between reading or typing on his laptop, zoom calls, and then ripping up carpet or stripping wallpaper had helped the days fly by and Castiel had been very productive. Today he grabbed a late breakfast of yoghurt and a banana, then picked up his laptop again and moused back to Dean’s YouTube account before he tackled his first project.
Before they knew it, Jack had fallen asleep in Dean’s arms and Cas watched while Dean gently laid him back in the playpen and tucked a blanket around him.
Of course, he was already missing baby Jack as well, but Dean knew that he was a little obsessed with Jack’s father. It occurred to him that he didn’t know much about Jack’s mom. Was Cas really Jack’s dad, was he a guardian or perhaps an adoptive father? Cas seemed upset about Kelly’s passing, but he called her his “best friend”. He didn’t wear a ring or even have a shadow of one. Then again, widows often took their rings off and he might not have worn one in the first place. Dean had the impression that Cas was somewhere in the middle or further along on the Kinsey Scale, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t have fathered the child. The longer he wondered, the more he realized he didn’t care. If Cas felt like he was Jack’s father, it didn’t matter whether the bond was biological or not. Dean was already feeling an attachment to the baby boy himself.
Dean laughed and threw his head back. “Tylenol, showers and then food,” he stood up and grasped Cas’ hand to pull him up. “Let’s get up and figure this out Cas.”
Once Dean caught his breath he continued, “Sam was a baby but he knows what happened. I’ve always kept an eye out for him and I knew Brady was trouble. I just didn’t know he was that kind of trouble.”
“You can use the furniture if you want. I added it last year when my sister came for a long visit, but it’s all yours if you want it.
Dean choked on a handful of popcorn and his eyes went wide. When he finally recovered his breath, he took a deep slug of whiskey before he responded. “Um, maybe …”
After showering and dressing in lounge pants and a long-sleeved Henley, Castiel made a fresh pot of coffee and filled his favorite cup, an extra-large mug that said “Drink Me”. He made himself comfortable on the worn-in couch with his laptop, getting down to his morning routine of checking the news feeds and then clearing out the previous day’s emails before he started work. He had no idea how he ended up on so many mailing lists, but leaving them for more than a day made things absolutely unmanageable. Halfway through this morning’s emails list he came across a new sender HandyDeanAtHome@gmail.com . Castiel remembered the very helpful green-eyed Dean, and smiled at the memory.
Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. “You’re amazing.” Cas met Dean halfway in a passionate kiss, fed by whisky, pot and the natural rush of joy at realizing they were very much on the same page. When they finally came up for air Dean reached for his glass and finished off the last swallow. He saw Cas pick up his bong and take one last deep inhale. Dean gently took it from his hands and placed it on the table, then swung his leg over Cas to straddle him. He gently nudged Cas’ chin down and moved in close so that he could shotgun the smoke from Cas’ mouth. When it cleared Dean kissed and nipped at Cas’ lower lip, then moved down to nuzzle and lick at his neck. Cas moaned and threw his head back into the cushions, sliding his hands down Dean’s back until he was gripping his ass. Dean nibbled his way up Cas’ neck to the spot just behind his ear. He sucked the earlobe between his lips, then let it go and whispered, “Maybe we should go practice …”
The man was looking toward the street before the door opened, but turned and faced Cas as soon as he spoke. Cas’ breath caught. The warm brown spiky hair, the broad shoulders, the bow legs (heaven help him!). A subtle cough brought Cas’ gaze back up to meet the stranger’s stunning mossy green eyes.
As always, comments are a joy to me. Tell me if you're enjoying this, ask if something doesn't make sense, and try to guess what happens next!
As she led him down the hall Missouri flashed him a friendly smile. “Don’t worry about a thing. Pamela is a real peach, and you know you’ve got everything you need to take that baby home.”
Dean grabbed a box and headed for the stairs, with Cas quickly grabbing another and following him. The first thing he saw in the large, open space was a row of 4 tall bookcases lined up against the longest wall and a large stack of boxes in front them. “Holy shit, Cas! Are you a librarian or something?”
Shocked, Cas pushed Brady’s hand back down between them, “What the hell are you doing? This is the last place you should pulling out that stuff, and I wouldn’t be interested any time.” He dropped the lid on the grill and stepped back from Brady. “I think you need to get the fuck away from me before I tell Sam what you’re up to.”
“Dean’s not serious about men, Sam, he never has been. I’m sure Cas is perfectly nice, but someday Dean will find a nice girl to settle down with. He can have a family, like you did. Dean would be a great dad. I don’t want him to throw all that away by getting distracted with a man.”
“Seriously, though. He sleeps 23 hours a day and will only bother you if you’re eating chicken or spaghetti.”
Dean was busy admiring the turquoise leather upholstery, while Cas dug out their seat belts. Charlie twisted around a bit and gave them a wave, “Hey Dean, I’m Charlie. I don’t mean to eavesdrop, but I can assume we’re headed to a hospital, am I right?”
Stopping six feet away, the man was wearing a dark denim apron with Bobby’s logo embroidered across the top, and a matching mask. He gave Castiel an awkward wave. “Hi, just checking to see if you’re finding everything you need. Can I help with anything?”
Cas finally pulled back, “Come on, time for a shower and for God’s sake brush your teeth.” He yanked Dean upright and steadied him on his feet. “We’re meeting Charlie and Gilda for brunch in an hour, remember?”
“Me too,” said Dean. He looked up and was suddenly nervous at the serious look in Cas’ eyes. “You go first.”
Dean woke to the steady, gentle noise of a spoon against the side of a mug. Tink ... tink ... tink …  He slowly opened his eyes a crack to see Bobby’s accountant standing on the other side of the small staff room in the back of the garage. He hadn’t expected anyone else in this early.
“Sam has had his moments, but no, I don’t think he would do that.” Dean sighed heavily, “I’ll talk to him.”
Cas sipped his tea and seemed to weigh something in his mind before he spoke again. “I have a spare room.”
Cas hardly noticed her leaving. He stared at the baby as if he’d never seen anything so beautiful. As he watched the baby feed and rocked him gently, Cas remembered one of his last conversations with Kelly. “Jack,” he said, smiling down at his best friend’s son.
Castiel had been past Bobby’s Home & Hardware many times, but this was his first time inside. He put on his mask in the car - this one was a simple plaid pattern – and walked the short distance to the entrance. The sign on the door asked patrons to maintain a 6 foot distance as much as possible, wear a mask, and help themselves to the complimentary hand sanitizer. Castiel felt better about entering the store when he saw they were taking the health of their employees seriously, and rubbed a generous dollop of sanitizer on his hands as soon as he entered. He pulled out his list and grabbed a cart.
“I’ve eaten, but thanks for the offer.” Missouri smiled and sipped her coffee, watching Cas as he reached into the playpen and cooed at Jack.
Cas groaned at the bad joke and raised a brow as Dean lifted his head and made eye contact, barely containing his laughter.
Dean watched Sam’s face go from confused to curious and amused in the space of a few seconds, then he gathered his wits and shook Cas’ hand. “Nice to meet you, Cas. I’ll definitely take that drink.”
Dean had awoken fully by now as well. As Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s hand he reacted by clutching firmly back. He reached his right arm over his head until he cradled the back of Cas’ neck, gently holding Cas’ lips against his neck as he arched his back and pushed his hips deeper into Cas’ lap. Cas moaned deeply behind him, freeing his left thumb from Dean’s grip and gently rubbing Dean’s nipple through his t-shirt. Dean moaned as they started to rock their bodies against each other slowly. Cas’ lips parted and he pressed soft wet kisses to the nape of Dean’s neck and his left shoulder. Dean gasped at the feel of Cas’ tongue as his mouth moved up towards the soft spot behind Dean’s ear. Cas growled and took the lobe of Dean’s ear between his lips, nipping it gently with his teeth.
Cas squeezes his eyes shut, pressing back into the wall as far as he can and focusing his attention on breathing through the words that lurch to the tip of his tongue.
exactly how you feel to people without even thinkin’ twice about it, and I love that, I love it so much, but I’m just not like that.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Sam says with a sympathetic smile, “we know it doesn’t come naturally to you. Don’t let what that officer said bum you out, you’ll get there one day.”
“Just…” Dean places his head in his hands in a manner that would have looked frustrated if he hadn’t been shaking. “Just stop…I mean…how are you being so
As they draw nearer to the factory, Cas notices himself having to struggle more to fight against the curse. Technically, he knows, this is a good thing, since it means they’re getting closer to the vastamare and therefore closer to being able to kill it and rid him and Dean of the curse, but he can’t say he’s happy about the renewed difficulty of fending it off.
Sam had insisted on driving so that Dean and Cas will have more time to find their seats in the bar while he finishes setting up the weapon and trap for the vastamare in the alley next to the building. He left Cas’ tape playing in the car, but Cas has been unable to listen to it to distract himself because Sam hasn’t stopped talking since they left the motel.
“Have to…” Cas struggles to figure out how to explain the piece of lore in the fewest words possible, “stay…near…”
, of all people! And, she knows how to cook pasta, yours is always fucking raw! I didn’t know pasta could
“I’ll take the bartender, Sam’ll talk to the regulars” –he waits for a nod from Sam at his instruction– “you check for that weird smell again, got it?”
When he has the outfit on, Cas isn’t sure how he feels. He eyes himself in the changing room mirror as he tries to form an opinion on it. He knows he doesn’t look bad, per se, and he definitely looks like he’s going to a bar, but everything is still a bit too tight, especially the jacket, which prevents him from being able to move his arms properly. Also, he isn’t able to roll up the ends of the jeans like Sam suggested. Perhaps he needs a better outfit.
Cas shakes his head, face split open with more emotion than Dean’s ever seen on it. “You don’t need to be scared, Dean. I’m sorry we don’t have more time, and-” the goo makes another gross noise that feels, inexplicably, like a death knell “-I’m sorry I’ll never get to explain how much everything you said means to me.”
“What I don’t understand,” he says, voice a little sharp, “is why the vastamare’s curse caused you guys to have
Feeling tethered to the point of contact on his knee, Cas finds himself uncapable of doing anything other than returning Dean’s warm gaze and hoping that his vessel’s cheeks aren’t any redder than usual.
“It’s true,” Cas continues quickly, not wanting to lose Dean’s undivided – albeit thoroughly confused – attention. “Their back legs work somewhat like springs; the muscles shorten to transfer energy to the tendons before they quickly recoil, allowing the frog to launch itself great distances. It’s very impressive, and there are many videos online if you wanted to look at them, although, I must say, it’s far more fascinating to watch in person.”
All the while, Cas has been rotating between sugar, sweetener, and creamer, adding one at a time to his coffee and testing it repeatedly. He has used up every sachet and pot on their table, and that hasn’t been enough to overwhelm the taste of each individual molecule. He sighs and pushes the cup away from himself.
, not sure of what else to say. He turns around and notices that a young man stood next to him is watching him with raised eyebrows.
“Okay,” Sam says, looking at him in the rear-view mirror, “I guess that means we’re headed in the right direction, at least. You gonna be okay?”
It’s then that he notices the officer from before, the one he made eye contact with, is watching him. The man is stood, alone, by the door, hands shoved in his pockets, back straight and alert. His police hat rests on smooth black hair that spreads down into a full beard on his face. He looks as though he’s been sucking on a lemon.
“It does sound strange, Dean,” he says, earning him a groan from the driver’s seat. “To say that three murder-suicides in the space of a month is abnormal for Keeley Forest would be a gross understatement. Not to mention the fact that all of the victims so far have been couples.”
“This stuff should be fine,” Dean says, pushing the clothes into Cas’ arms. “I didn’t know your sizes, so I guessed, but you gotta try it on before we buy it.”
The Tree Trunk bar is, unsurprisingly, a small building made entirely of logs. It’s nestled in a pocket of trees just off of a busy road and backs onto a larger area of forest. The three ‘T’s on the large sign attached to its roof have been replaced with vaguely ‘T’-shaped trees. It’s swathed in the early-afternoon light as Sam, Dean and Cas approach, all in their fake FBI garb (Cas still in his overcoat, of course), feet crunching over the gravel parking lot at the front of the bar.
Dean grinds his teeth, and Jack looks away as an understanding passes between all three of them, heavy and painful.
“No, I…quit being weird, dude.” The man shoots him a frown and sidles through the crowd, away from Cas. Officer Sanchez snorts.
“Gabriel, you were due an hour ago. I’ve already started your orders, but I expect you to make it up on your shift tomorrow.”
He kicked his boots off at the door and headed up the split staircase to the open plan kitchen and living area. Half of the top floor was wide open, and Dean’s distinct lack of furniture was obvious with the echo of every small noise. All he had to break up the space was a table and chairs at the end of the kitchen, and an open area beyond that which was meant to be a lounge. There were two bedrooms on this floor as well – the master suite with a brand-new bed frame and memory foam mattress, and a second smaller bedroom which he hoped to outfit as a home office.
Cas flashed a broad smile and started laughing too, “I had no idea there could be so much sugar in one place!”
The single cup coffee maker was on the far left of the kitchen counter, just where he remembered setting it up last night with Dean. He let his mind wander, thinking of his gorgeous new neighbour, while he opened several cupboards looking for the coffee pods. He found them in the cupboard below the coffee maker and randomly picked a French roast. He vaguely remembered unpacking his mugs into the cupboard above and, sure enough, found his favorite one (a gift from his agent that read “Creative Fuel”) and slid it into place. Apparently, he had been organized enough to fill the reservoir last night, so all he had to do was drop in the pod, push the button and wait.
They gasped and thrust together until both of them reached their limit. Dean came first, painting his belly with thick streaks. Cas scooped some of Dean’s cum off the sensitive tip, adding it to their natural lubrication and stroking just twice more until he added to the mess on Dean’s body. They continued to ride through it until they were both drained and sensitive, then collapsed together, breathless.
Cas was momentarily silenced by Dean’s frank declaration. “Interesting. I’m gay, but I think you knew that.”
If you like this, or if you don't, please leave me a comment. Your feedback is a gift, and doesn't everyone like presents?
Dean and Cas became inseparable, spending their days in Bobby’s shop and their evenings together cooking, watching movies, listening to records and cuddling on the couch. Dean’s musical knowledge broadened as Cas shared some of his more esoteric favourites and the classical music that he’d learned as a child.
“It’s Sam, and what the hell Dean! It’s been less than 24 hours since I saw you and apparently you broke up with the woman you’ve lived with for 2 years and moved already?”
Dean was struck by the man’s gravelly voice. The voice paused, obviously listening to the other side of the conversation.
Cas thought for a minute. “I play the piano. I can do a mean version of Rachmaninoff’s Concerto No. 3.” He looked down at Dean, who was half leaning on the arm of his chair. “What don’t I know about you”
“When did it become a tradition to have the baby smash a cake?” Cas wondered. “I mean, it was adorable, but I just remember all the birthdays when me and my brothers were young. My mother would have been mortified if we touched the cake with anything but a dessert fork.”
Cas gripped Dean’s shoulders tightly and pulled them together chest to chest. He smiled at Dean, and his eyes sparkled. “Or maybe we could foster?”
“Brady approached me today.” Cas weighed his words carefully. “He offered me something and I thought you should know.”
“Of course, Dean, come on up.” Cas reached behind him and closed the door, then led the way upstairs.
“So, bathroom and your bedroom are over here.” Cas led the way back out of the room and down the hall. He cocked a thumb toward the bathroom. “Just the one, but plenty of space for you in the cabinet and the hall closet.”
Dean took a moment, and then flashed his warmest smile back, “Can I have a slice of that pie and a black coffee, please?”
“And did you forget to tell me you weren’t living with Carmen any more?” Sam’s voice raised a bit. “I just showed up at your apartment and she doesn’t know where you are.”
Garth and Ash already had a table when Dean, Sam and Cas arrived, and Brady came in right behind them. The friends exchanged hugs and Dean made introductions.
Cas learned how to take care of his old truck properly, as Dean walked him through the basics of maintaining a vintage vehicle – changing the oil, checking the tire pressure and some simple repairs. They worked together on the truck and Dean even let Cas help with the Impala.
“We don’t know each other well, but I came in early this morning to find him on the couch in the break room and he told me what happened. I figured there was an easy solution to his problem. He took me up on the offer.”
the words he isn’t saying echoing into the air around him, and that certainly doesn’t make it any easier to keep them in.
Cas allows himself a small, satisfied smile. He then wiggles his arms around to illustrate the restrictiveness of the jacket’s material. “I can’t move my arms properly in this. I think I need a bigger one.”
“The Tree Trunk,” Cas confirms. “Six of the victims also worked at the lumber factory at the northern edge of town, which is an interesting coincidence, if nothing else. Perhaps the vastamare also hunts there.”
Dean hardly notices. He barely even heard them. He doesn’t know what to do, and it’s like he can’t feel most of his body anymore. He doesn’t know how he’s meant to react, and he thinks he’s forgotten how to breathe, let alone move or talk or work out what he’s meant to do next.
Dean doesn’t have time to react to the transformation before he reaches Sanchez, now almost fully morphed into a shadow, with his arms poised to start swinging. Sanchez attacks faster, slashing at Dean with one of his newly formed and definitely-more-solid-than-they-look claws. Just in time, Dean is able to fling an arm up to protect his chest but is still sent stumbling backwards towards Sam by the impact.
Dean nods. “That’s probably where that couple got cursed in the first place, someone coulda seen it happen.”
Cas nods. He’ll be fine. He trusts Dean to get him out safely, and he trusts himself to maintain control over the words pounding against his skull.
“I don’t…” Dean trails off with a heavy sigh. “It feel like they’re watchin’ us?” He rests a hand on the bar to keep himself steady.
Dean turns to face Cas and leans back against the counter, coffee pot still in hand. His face twists into what Cas thinks is supposed to be a glare, but Dean looks too tired for it to even come close to being effective. His expression lands, instead, on something crumpled and squinty, and it sends a warm flutter through Cas’ chest.
. The irony is not lost on Cas, as he sits there pushing back the same, tiny sentence as he has been for the past half an hour or so. He certainly doesn’t feel free, and this is a song that has always made him think of Dean and those same words that are currently rattling against his skull. How fitting.
The cool air is welcome to Cas as they make it outside, even though Dean has to practically drag him around the side of the building and into the alley where Sam is waiting for them, wooden stake in hand.
“Thank you for your help,” Cas says, not wanting to distract her from her work for too long. “Is it okay if I bring my partners over here later this morning?”
“Nothing, you just…” his voice is cautious as he goes on, “that’s what I meant when I said you can just tell people whatever you’re feeling. How the hell do you do that?”
“Excuse me,” Cas says, stepping closer to the bar to talk to her. “Do you remember how long they had been arguing before you asked them to leave?”
Dean looks desperately between Cas and Sam, who is now heading over to one of the building’s doors, which is probably unwise of him to be doing alone. He sighs. “Look, I can leave you here, you can wait in Baby, is that okay? I need to go and help Sam so we can end this shit.”
“My feet smell fine, you ass, try learning how to do the damn laundry sometime, I’m sick of doing everything around here! I’m not your mother!” Cara puts a trembling hand on the counter behind her for balance. It knocks over an empty beer bottle. Neither of them seems to notice.
Distantly, he is aware of Sam re-emerging from the door he had disappeared through and hurrying across the parking lot towards them. “Hey, guys–” he starts.
“Are you kidding me?” Cara yells, wildly waving a finger in Marcus’ face. “You only think I’m boring because you stopped listening to anything I said two years into our marriage! If you
“Oh, I see.” Cas turns to Sam. “Several thousand years ago, I observed every moment of the evolution of a family of frogs over thirty-three generations. Over time, I noticed that their eyes and noses were gradually getting higher up on their heads, and I found out last night that they evolved in this way in order to be able to stay mostly submerged in water with no detriment to their sight or breathing.”
“I’ll wait out here.” Dean flops onto a small couch outside the changing rooms, gesturing to an empty one for Cas to enter.
“Some guy made a PDF of this ancient story about vastamares. I doubt whoever wrote it thought vastamares were more than some tale passed down through generations to warn people against lying to their spouses, but there was a bunch of lore about them in there.”
Cas, struck with a sudden idea, pokes Dean’s shoulder. When Dean looks at him quizzically, he points to the bartender and Dean nods.
“Dean,” Jack says, voice quiet and shaky, like he already knows the answer but can’t help himself from asking, anyway, “where’s Cas?”
After an indiscernible – but probably far from socially acceptable – amount of time, Dean’s eyes flick past Cas’ shoulder.
The vastamare juts its elbow into the side of the stake, knocking it out of Sam’s hands and sending it skittering across the parking lot towards Cas and Dean. Dean’s head jerks awkwardly at the sound and he turns to look at it. He takes a slow, calculated step towards it and picks it up. When he turns back to Cas with the weapon in hand, his face is stony and determined, but there are tears glittering in his eyes. Cas can’t help but find him utterly beautiful.
“I don’t know what you’re insinuating. It tends to stay near the victims as they get closer to death, and someone was speculating that close proximity to the victims is both required for the curse to begin and makes it stronger the nearer they are to the vastamare once they’re cursed.”
“Ok, no, fuck that. Cas.” He forces himself to meet Cas’ eyes, wide and curious and so fucking blue. “I gotta...I’m sorry, alright? I’m sorry that I’m doing this now when I shoulda done it ages ago, shoulda done it the second I knew, I just…” Dean’s painfully aware of how little sense he’s making, so tries to get to some kind of point. “When we were in Purgatory, when I thought that I’d...that I’d lost you, and I prayed, you remember that?”
“Dude, I mean it. I’ve been on more than enough dates to understand how they work. I don’t need you lecturing me.” He doesn’t quite meet Cas’ eye in the rear-view mirror. “And I’m sure Cas doesn’t, either.”
,” Cas snaps, louder than he means to. The couple Dean had been staring at earlier turn to look at him. He lowers his voice to a calmer volume. “Let it go. Please.”
Cara raises the bottle and screams along with her husband as she plunges the jagged end into his chest, feeling it tear through his flesh and grind against bone. She rips the bottle back out, just to punch it straight back into him. And then again. And again. And again. At some point, Marcus stops screaming and goes limp, flopping to the ground as a pool of rich, red blood forms around him. Cara keeps screaming, keeps rapidly hacking at Marcus with the broken bottle.
Cas is sat at the kitchen table, Sam’s laptop open in front of him with the brightness turned all the way down and four separate internet tabs open. The first is the Keeley Forest news page; he has the website’s sound alerts turned on and Dean’s headphones plugged into the laptop so he can hear them if they came through without waking up the brothers. The next two tabs along are about vastamares, creatures which, as it turns out, are incredibly difficult to find detailed information on. He had spent several hours clicking around and trying different searches to find out more about them, and these two tabs had ended up proving the most informative. After a while, however, he had started to feel like he was reading the same information over and over again, and felt his mind wander far enough to land on frogs, of all things. This is why the fourth tab he has open is a PDF of a very gripping and informative non-fiction book about frogs. For all his cosmic knowledge, Cas quite enjoys learning new things about the animals he had watched evolve over millennia.
Sam and Dean are still sleeping soundly as Cas returns to his seat at the kitchen table. With a heavy sigh, he closes the tab with the article about frogs and toads and returns his attention to finding out more about vastamares.
When the tension of that moment starts to dissipate, Cas continues wiping up the blood. Once the area around the gash is mostly clean, he moves lower, realising he’ll need to shift the position of Dean’s arm to reach all of the blood. He places his free hand on Dean’s wrist in order to twist it to the right angle, but stops when he feels Dean’s whole arm tense up at the contact. Cas stops wiping and stares directly ahead of him for a full three seconds before starting again and trying to act like nothing had happened.
“Sounds about right, yeah,” Sam deadpans. “Look, you guys’ll be fine, just wait ‘til you see me get up and leave, then follow me outside. Hopefully, that’ll lure the vastamare out and into our trap, and we can kill it.”
As Cas drags Dean away, Sam waves a hand in polite thanks to the people in the bar. With a look over his shoulder, Cas notices Officer Sanchez smiling smugly to himself.
Groaning, Dean stands up. Cas hears one of his knees click from across the room as he starts walking towards the door, and Cas makes to follow him.
“Wait, buddy-” Dean stops when he sees Cas’ expression and realises that he’s joking. “Assholes. Both of you.”
“Yes.” Cas grins. “Or the fake-couple can lead the vastamare outside where the other has the weapon ready to kill it.”
The walls inside are also just logs stacked on top of each other, and almost everything in sight is made of wood. Framed black and white and sepia photographs of different locations in Keeley Forest fill the walls, along with upwards of ten framed news articles, all with pictures of the bar, and fake plastic candles in wooden sconces that create a warm glow.
Dean gives a sharp sigh. “I dunno, Sam, maybe ‘cause he knew it might happen, maybe ‘cause he’s an angel, maybe this is just a part of the vastamare’s sick little game, but I don’t really care, as long as we can ice this twisted, Cupid-gone-homicidal bastard.”
“I think it’s safest to assume the vastamare will strike here again, tonight,” Cas says. “Its attacks have been getting more frequent, so the pattern suggests it won’t want to stop any time soon.”
The confused look turns incredulous. “Pretend – Cas, how the hell are we supposed to pretend like that didn’t happen? We gotta…we gotta talk about it, man, I’m just trying to figure out how.”
“And I grew to like those, too! And I grew to love the way you constantly make references no one understands!”
“Too many particles?” His tone is very understanding for someone who is physically incapable of even imagining, let alone experiencing, the atrocities which are currently being performed on Cas’ vessel’s tastebuds.
That makes a lot of sense. Cas nods, wondering how they hadn’t come up with this plan already. It’s not until Cas goes to open one of the car doors and Dean turns to run over to Sam that Cas remembers exactly
With a breathy laugh, Dean continues to look anywhere but at Cas. “Yeah, I know that, buddy, I just mean…forget it. Look, I already said what I had to say, too, right? I don’t know how to say it again.”
“Well, I love how you wear those bright socks with stupid patterns on even though no one can see them under your pant legs!” Dean flaps his arms about wildly as he shouts.
i just wanna say thanks for all the love and support you guys have shown this fic! i appreciate it a lot <3
“Yeah, I get that, buddy, but by the time we rocked up – what, three, four hours later? – all the witnesses were conked out in their beds from exhaustion and trauma.”
No one speaks, and no one questions that Dean is going to drive. Sam doesn’t bother calling shotgun, he just slides into the passenger seat, leaving Cas alone in the back.
“Oh, it would be you, wouldn’t it?” Dean growls, dropping Cas’ hands. He rounds on Sanchez and starts storming towards him.
Dean’s face softens as he gives Cas a small smile. It seems that he’s too tired to fight against the ‘Chic Flick Shit’, as he calls it, but Cas is certain that, had he been more awake, he’d have definitely made some kind of scathing remark on the sentimentality. Instead, Dean flops onto his bed. Cas smiles smugly to himself when he hears Dean start to snore exactly one minute and forty-eight seconds later. He likes being right.
The Impala rounds the corner of a quiet, residential street in Keeley Forest, Missouri. Cas holds in a sigh; this is the fourth time on the drive over from Kansas that Dean has insisted the case Sam thinks he’s found is in no way linked to the supernatural. Cas has ignored the argument it has caused between the brothers every time, and has no desire to hear it again.
“Yeah, seriously, Dean, you guys need to be believable if we want the vastamare to target you. If you aren’t convincing, more innocent people might get hurt.”
“Jerry Jones and Rita De Bellis. Engaged, lived in this house right here, meant to get married early next year.” Sheriff Martin sighs wearily. “Rita and I went to school together.”
“’Scuse me, Sheriff,” Dean says as they reach the door, badges out. “I’m Agent Armstrong, these are my partners, Agents Cool and Dirnt. We’re here about Cara and Marcus Wallace.”
There’s a small, strange noise from behind him - kind of wet and gloopy - but Dean ignores it, writing it off as either his imagination or as Billie trying some other way of getting through the door. He pushes on, in case it’s the latter and they’re running out of time.
Despite Cas’ resolve, they don’t make it very far. With no warning, Cas’ head starts pounding so hard that it knocks his breath away and sends him doubling over, but Dean catches him before he can fall to the ground and pulls him back to his feet. Cas’ hands scrabble against the rolled-up ends of Dean’s shirtsleeves, and he feels himself rapidly losing the fight against the curse as it splits open his brain. A firm grip supports his elbows – Dean, he assumes, although he can only see black and white spots – as he tries gasping for breath. He grabs at Dean’s sleeves with no idea what he’s trying to do except get them both far away enough from the building that he can stop this from happening, because this
Before Cas can answer, however, Dean cuts in, flashing Maia a sunny grin and resting a hand on Cas’ forearm, “My, uh, incredibly attractive buddy over here is a little shy, but he wanted to know if you had any plans after your shift.”
They fall into comfortable silence for all of ten seconds before Cas catches Dean grinning at him across the table.
“I wish I had time to explain,” Cas says, voice low and serious and jarring against the way he’s still fucking beaming. “I wish I could…” He raises his right hand unsteadily to Dean’s face and cups his cheek, giving Dean no choice but to meet his teary eyes. Cas seems to consider something for a few moments before coming to a decision. “It’s ok, Dean. You’re going to be ok.”
“Oh, good, you guys actually don’t look awful,” Sam says with a grin, apparently oblivious to what he had just interrupted. Whatever that had been.
When he reaches the end of the street and ducks behind someone’s garage, out of sight, he shuts his eyes and heads back to the motel room.
From across the bar, Officer Sanchez snickers. “Good luck making any progress when Inspector Overcoat doesn’t even know how to talk to people without creeping them out.”
, Cas thinks – and then sighs. He removes the green shirt and tosses it aside, leaving him in a black t-shirt that exposes the gash on his upper arm. It isn’t too deep, but still needs cleaning, at the very least, though it seems like the rolled sleeve of Dean’s shirt had been soaking up a lot of the blood; without it, the blood has started to trickle down the rest of the length of his arm. Dean simply watches it, face neutral.
As they get ready to head out, Dean looks down at his legs again. For all his insistence that cuffing his jeans caused him some level of physical pain, he has glanced down at them several more times than Cas thinks is strictly necessary. Cas gets the impression that he actually quite likes wearing them like that. Not that Dean would ever willingly admit it to Sam, of course.
By the time Cas finally trusts himself to look up without his face betraying him, Dean has finished his food and his coffee and is eyeing Cas’ half-full mug. Cas slides it across the table to him.
“You can tell that?” Dean looks impressed. “So, what, that’s nearly ten minutes of being cursed before it’s ‘kill the beast’ time? Fits with how long the neighbours of the first couple said they heard yelling.”
“Cool,” Sam says. “We’ve got…eugh, we’ve got so much blood, there’s definitely enough for a circle. I can paint one outside the bar when you two go in.”
There is a harsh, icy breeze in Keeley Forest that night. Local Jerry Jones storms along the sidewalk as he nears his house, his fiancée Rita scurrying after him.
Once the waitress arrives with Sam and Dean’s food, Cas takes his first sip of his coffee. It’s repulsive. He scrunches up his face.
when he runs out of breath. It wasn’t supposed to go like this. This was meant to have been his last chance because they were
“Wait, wait, wait.” Sam waves a hand around to catch their attention before Dean can grab the door handle. “I did some research.”
Dean looks like he considers it for a second before grunting and shaking Cas’ hand off of him. He starts pacing in a small line with his arms folded, face creased into a scowl.
Sam, on the other hand, makes no attempt to conceal his sigh. “For the last time, Dean, so what if it’s not our thing? That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t check it out, you know, make sure.”
“Everything okay, Agent?” Dean’s voice is calm and pleasant, but there’s a tightness in his expression that irritates Cas.
Thankfully, after several minutes, Sam speaks up, voice low with frustration. “I don’t get it, that circle trap was meant to work, but it didn’t seem like it affected the vastamare at all.”
Cas finds himself having to look down to hide the smile that spreads across his face. He hadn’t at all expected to be complimented on his frog observation, but it sets a warmth tingling in his stomach, all the same.
Cas resigns himself to watching Sam and Dean enjoy their meals, instead, which is an activity he has become used to, even if not very content with. When Dean finishes the last of his burger, Cas slides his plate of dry, beige carbohydrates towards him. Despite his earlier protests, Dean takes it and drowns the food in a variety of sauces before eating it all.
When their lips meet, Cas thinks, distantly, that someone must have lied to him about the location of Heaven. He feels more at peace, more at
Marcus!” A sob wracks her body and she falls to her knees, straddling the limp form of her husband. She barely has time to think before her trembling hands turn the bottle so the deadly end is facing her chest. Cara lets herself fall, chest first, onto Marcus’ body, bottle ripping through her flesh as she lies, completely still, mixing her blood with her husbands on the cream tiles of their kitchen floor.
“No kiddin’,” Dean says through a large mouthful of burger. “That’s like the freakin’ Sahara Desert on a plate, man, no dips, no sauce, nothing.”
Dean can’t help but wonder whether, had he just kept his damn mouth shut, kept his damn feelings to himself like he always has, things may have gone differently. Maybe they’d have gotten more time, maybe they’d both be here right now. Maybe neither of them would.
“Sure, but you guys are just going to a bar, I doubt you’ll see anyone in there all dressed up. Plus, if anyone recognises you as FBI and sees you in a suit, they’ll think you’re still on duty.”
Narrowing his eyes, Cas internally debates whether or not to entertain Dean’s painfully indiscreet attempt at a change of subject. Cas eventually opts to humour him with a sigh, as he so often winds up doing, and closes the laptop so he can see Dean better across the table.
Before Cas can respond, he is being led in the direction of the changing rooms by Dean’s hand on his back.
As Cas continues to get changed, he mouths the words along with Dean, filling in the gaps where Dean sort of hums through the lines he doesn’t know and rolling his eyes when Dean seems to forget what line comes next and loops back to an earlier point in the song.
Dean grumbles noncommittally, picking up his sticky, laminated menu and perusing it with intense interest.
“And then herself,” Sam reminds him. “A similar thing happened here just last week, and again at the start of the month. Tell me you don’t see how that seems like something we should look into.”
It’s far busier inside now than it had been earlier in the day. Almost all of the tables scattered around the room are filled with people, and there are only a few free stools left at the bar. The regulars from before are still there, joined now by a significant portion of the rest of Keeley Forest. The people and the warm lights make the small space feel cosy and a little stifling all at once.
Worrying about Dean makes trying to pick out clothes significantly more of a challenge, and Cas spends a long time staring at racks of items without actually taking in what they are.
Cas is immediately hit with a wave of self-consciousness, and his smile and shoulders drop in response. Does the hair really look as nice as he thinks? Will Dean think it looks stupid? Will Dean think the outfit suits him as well as it did at the store? Face pulling into a tight frown, Cas almost –
His mouth works soundlessly for a few moments as he feels his heart start thumping faster under their questioning gaze. When he finally manages to speak, all he can come out with is a half-hearted, “I dunno.”
“Cas, it…” Dean starts carefully, resting a hand on Cas’ arm, “you know that wasn’t your fault, right?”
I love you.” He takes another breath, and his voice gets slightly louder. “You’re my best friend and you’re…I mean, you’re pretty much the best goddamn thing that ever happened to me, how could I
This is definitely some progress, holding hands, but Cas can’t help but notice that they still haven’t moved from the middle of the parking lot. So, he gently starts to lead Dean towards the bar, reaching his free hand up to hold onto Dean’s wrist to make it easier to pull him along.
All of a sudden, Cas’ insides feel very much like mashed potatoes (he would know; Gabriel once turned all of his internal organs into mashed potatoes when they were having an argument. It isn’t a pleasant experience). The mashed potato feeling makes it very difficult for Cas to form a coherent thought as Dean walks back towards his bed.
Not wanting to waste time bickering over whether or not he should get to apologise, Dean brushes past it. “I think, recently, I’ve been paying more attention to you than before, trying to figure you out, you know? And I’m pretty sure you’ve got it into your head somehow that we...that
“You were both sleeping heavily, I didn’t want to disturb you.” Cas slides into their booth opposite Sam and Dean. “Besides, I had it covered.”
Cas tilts his head, thinking on that for a few seconds. “No, but I do have the same amount of theoretical medical knowledge as one, so you should probably listen to me.”
Cas doesn’t have time to mentally unpack what Dean could possibly have against wearing crop tops, as he suddenly finds himself busy imagining him wearing one. It would definitely suit him.
As much as Cas enjoys having Dean look at him as though he’s the only thing in the world worth looking at, he eventually has to interrupt his staring. Trying not to grin, he asks, “Do I look like your boyfriend, now, Dean?”
to try, you know, I really wanna do it right, I wanna make it work. It’s just that I got no clue how to do that, and these things – uh, you know, relationships – are so easy to screw up. And I’m pretty good at doin’ that, at screwing ‘em up, so–”
It’s cosier inside than it looks outside, despite there only being four people there, including the bartender. There is a man hunched over his drink at the bar, a woman on the other end of it who turns to stare at them as they enter, and an elderly man with a distant expression sat alone at a table in the corner of the room.
“Good.” Dean pauses, face grave. “So, can we talk about how you never told me how…that you’ve been in love with me practically since we me? You were just gonna keep hiding that from me, what, forever?”
Dean doesn’t look at him and doesn’t say anything. Cas tries to remain patient, but his hands are shaking.
“The only other place we know it might have ties to is that lumber factory across town,” Sam continues. “With any luck, it’s betting on us knowing to follow it there.”
“Something else I read is that, over each of their hibernation periods, frogs from a ring on their bones. Much like the rings that develop on tree trunks, these can be used to find out how many years a frog has been alive for. Of course,” Cas continues with a frown, “this isn’t of much use to researchers looking to keep their frogs alive who want to know how old they are. The scientist whose work I was reading after you returned to bed last night studied frogs that had died naturally, so she didn’t have to kill any to perform her research.”
“Exactly.” Cas nods. “I’m glad you brought that up. I found social media pages on almost every victim in the past year since the killings started, and it looks like all of them were regulars at that bar Jerry and Rita were kicked out of last night.”
“Oh, yeah?” Rita shouts as she struggles to keep up with him. “Well, at least my breath doesn’t smell worse than the damn dog’s!”
“Dean, stop,” Cas says gently, face pulled tight with concern and confusion. He reaches a cautious hand out to Dean’s shoulder - right over the handprint, Dean wonders if that’s deliberate - to steady him. “You’re not making any sense.”
Cas smooths his face into a neutral expression before walking over to the man purposefully. He holds out his hand. “I’m Agent Cool.”
Dean hasn’t spoken much since they decided he would have to go on a pretend date with Cas, and Cas has been trying very hard not to take it personally. This is difficult to do when Dean hardly even looks at him. He has been sat on his bed since he returned to the motel room with a bottle full of duck blood, opting to stare at the screen of his laptop with an almost worrying intensity instead of talking to Sam or Cas.
- at arms’ length feels wasted, futile, and Dean finds himself overcome with an impossible need to make up for that lost time. It’s not like there’s gonna be consequences outside of what’s already inevitable; he can’t kill Cas if Cas is already gonna die, anyway. If that’s gotta happen, if this is really the end of the road for the both of them, Dean doesn’t wanna go out without telling Cas the truth. He doesn’t want Cas to go out without getting to
“Oh man, I haven’t slept a full night since the hospital. Neither has Eileen.” Sam handed Cas a clean plate and then flipped the lid on the grill to check the meat again. “Oscar is nursing constantly, but he spits up half of what he eats.” He paused and then said seriously, “I had no idea something so small could puke so much.”
Dean spent almost an hour with Castiel going over the various products on show until he finally settled on a grey barn board laminate and a slightly retro black and white faux tile linoleum for the kitchen. Dean wrote up an order to be delivered to his house so he wouldn’t have to haul it in his car. Fortunately, everything could be prepaid and delivered contact free.
Hey there Castiel! As promised, here is the link to the YouTube channel I mentioned. Full disclosure, it’s mine but I have been told it’s very helpful. Start with the bathroom and call if you have any questions. Dean.
“Replacement, I think. Mine is over 30 years old and not very efficient, plus it looks like it’s been leaking.”
Dean and Cas rushed through a shared shower and dressed for a family visit.  Dean barely remembered to grab the gift bag that had been sitting on his dresser for the last week. They didn’t know if Sam and Eileen were having a boy or a girl, but Dean had planned ahead.
“This is way too perfect, Cas.” Dean leaned in conspiratorially, “You’re going to have to show me where you keep the bodies of your old roommates later, because this is too good to be true.”
The front desk directed Dean and Cas to the fifth floor, and they kissed giddily most of the way up in the elevator. The doors opened and they spilled out into the hallway, grinning and holding each other’s hands as they looked for the room number they’d been given. They quieted when they found the door and heard Sam’s voice through the half-closed door.
Dean gasped and leaned forward until their lips met. The kiss was gentle and reverent at first, but quickly became passionate. Cas felt Dean harden as he rocked down into Cas’ lap.
Cas started to move and the two of them found a rhythm quickly. Cas was thrusting smoothly to meet Dean’s hips while Dean pushed against the headboard and pulled him inside with his heels against Cas’ ass. It didn’t take long for their movements to become more erratic. Cas reached up with one hand, lacing it through Dean’s on the headboard and pounding into him.
When he settled into a rocking chair the nurse laid the newborn in his arms and handed him a small bottle. “Support his neck and start by just brushing the nipple on his bottom lip. Let’s see how good his instincts are.”
By the end of the day Castiel had edited and written another 500 words, as well as successfully installing a tile tub surround. Over the next two days he finished off the article and installed the new tile floor in his bathroom and replaced the toilet. He had memorized Dean’s instructions - along with those strong hands and broad shoulders – and he had also convinced himself he needed to visit his favorite hardware store again soon.
Cas cleared the glasses and bottle from the table, and then turned back to Sam. “Would you like some herbal tea?”
“He overdosed on pills when I was 6 months old and Dean was 4.” Sam lifted his eyes back to Cas and continued. “Mom had a hard time with two young kids and Dad left a lot of bad debt behind. She worked 2 and 3 jobs most of the time, and I was practically raised by Dean. Mom had a friend who took me in with her kids when I was too young to go to school, but Dean took care of me after that while mom worked nights. We dodged CPS a few times and mom had a few friends pitch in when things got dicey. Thing is, the only constant in my whole life has been Dean and he has always put me first. Even now, mom is there for me but Dean is the one I count on first.”
Cas instantly recognized the voice behind him and rolled his eyes before he turned around. “Hello Brady.” An awkward silence followed.
He kept waiting for someone to come out and get him, but people kept running in and out of the room and nobody would say anything. Cas crouched against the wall across from Kelly’s room and prayed.
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes, “There’s a family business. My grandfather started a publishing company and it took off in the 70’s under my dad’s management. All my brothers work there.” Dean raised an eyebrow, “Brothers?” Cas silenced him with a piercing blue stare and Dean waved his hand in a circle indicating Cas should continue. “So … they all work there and dad decided I would be a good fit for the accounting department. He sent me to school and I came back to work for him for 2 years.”
Dean hadn’t been this aroused for a long time. He felt a moment of guilt for fantasizing about his neighbour, but pushed it away as he pressed the heel of his hand into his swollen member through his jeans. Rather than relieving him, the movement drew even more blood to his groin. Dean gave in and used one hand to undo his belt buckle and pull it clear, then thumbed his button open and carefully slid his hand inside as he pushed open his fly. His own warm hand on his dick through his boxers felt good, but he craved more.
“I want this so much, but I want it all. Not just something physical, but … everything. Are you ready for that?”
Cas was definitely a minimalist, so there was plenty of room in the bathroom cabinet. He had one of those little pots with a long spout to help clean out his sinuses, which Dean took care not to touch. There were over-the-counter medications for pain relief and indigestion, as well as heat rub for sore muscles. Dean noticed the absence of hair styling products, skin creams or anything cosmetic outside of soap and a tub of coconut oil. The top shelf of the medicine cabinet was dominated by a box of condoms (recently purchased, if you went by the best before date) and a bottle of lube.
Dean had come to terms with the fact that he was attracted to men and women alike, and a few forays into gay bars and Pornhub had confirmed that fact. He’d also realized that he purposely chose the inappropriate one-night stands because he wasn’t ready for a relationship. Now that he had his life in order, Dean felt like he could try something more serious. He just needed to find someone he wanted to spend more than a night with.
“I don’t think so, Cas. I just really want to make sure he hasn’t chosen someone who will take advantage of all that.”
Cas came to his senses and shook Dean’s warm hand. His grip was firm and the touch sent a shiver up Cas’ wrist. “I’m Castiel.” Dean looked confused. “You can call me Cas.”
Cas stumbled into his tiny apartment at almost 3:00 a.m., tripping over the jumble of shoes at the door and blindly stripping off his hoodie to drop it on the floor. He didn’t turn on a light or lock the door behind him. Instead, he dropped onto his second-hand leather couch, threw his head back and covered his face with both hands. The tears started slowly at first, then poured onto his cheeks as his quiet cry turned into full on sobs. It was a long time before he could catch his breath.
Dean smiled gratefully at Cas and presented the bag to Eileen and Sam. Sam pulled out the tissue paper and then a sunny yellow teddy bear with a rainbow bow tie. “Oscar’s first stuffy, thanks Dean!” He showed Eileen and she laughed while she tucked the bear next to the baby, “It’s perfect, thank you.”
Finally, they found some cute baby “rocker” t-shirts and picked out one that said “Rockstar in Training” and a little black and white striped baby beanie. They topped off the pile with a colorful inch worm stuffy that had a shaker rattle built into the end.
Dean handed the device to Cas. “This is a stud finder,” he said, gesturing for Cas to place it on the wall. ‘You run it across the wall, just like this,” Dean laid his hand over Cas’ and guided him, “and then – see that light – that’s your stud.” Cas still looked a bit confused, and more than a bit flustered by Dean’s gentle touch. Dean knocked lightly on the hollow spot between the studs to make his point. “The solid wood board in the wall that you want to attach things to. If you just screw into drywall, it won’t be secure and your brackets could pull out of the wall.”
Brady gave Cas a calculating look, dropping his eyes to take in the whole combination of very worn jeans, canvas shoes, multiple bracelets, and a vintage Led Zeppelin tee. Cas looked straight into his eyes and extended his hand with a smile that was more “challenge” than friendly. He wasn’t about to be judged by a frat boy.
Their movements became more fumbling and frantic. Dean pulled Cas’s hand down to his lap until their hands together cupped Dean’s hardness. Cas gripped Dean tightly through his soft worn jeans and let out of desperate groan as his hips stuttered forward into Dean’s ass. They rocked frantically against each other as Cas’ hand gripped and stroked against Dean. Within minutes their movements reached a crescendo and their bodies both went rigid. Their combined panting breaths were the only noise in the room for several minutes.
“Would you mind helping me with these boxes of books? Most of them are already downstairs, but I see I missed a few when the movers were still here.” Cas gestured to a stack.
Dean introduced them using sign language, and Eileen responded “Nice to meet you, Cas,” speaking and signing at once. Next thing Dean knew, the two strangers were signing back and forth too quickly for him to keep up, but he knew he saw his name sign at least twice.
“I don’t think so, Sam.” Mary trailed off and Cas realized they were coming back out into the hallway. He backed up a few steps and when they came into view started strolling back towards the elevator. They both looked a little shocked to see him there.
Cas was busy rifling through the rest of the stack. He pulled out one of the hardcovers with the onion domes. “This is the first of my ‘Prince Ilya’ series, why don’t you try it as well?”
Cas lifted his mouth from Dean’s cock, dark red and swollen full, but kept his hand at the base. He grinned up at Dean, his lips wet and dark pink. Dean’s mouth hung open, his pupils blown wide with the narrowest rim of vivid green and focused entirely on the man below him. Cas added a third finger and Dean squeezed his eyes shut, bit his lip and growled. Cas scissored his fingers and gently pressed one against Dean’s prostate. Dean flailed with one arm until he found what he was looking for. He slapped his hand down on his thigh with the condom for Cas.
Thank you so much for reading this story. I would love some feedback in the comments. Do you want to see more of what happens next to the Winchesters?
“Please, call me Missouri,” the older nurse took his arm. “Let’s get you settled and I’ll let them know you’re here.”
Kelly had made sure everything was in place to protect her son, even before he was born. Her years of experience as a paralegal in family law taught her to take nothing for granted, especially since the baby’s father would never be a welcome presence in the boy’s life. Months ago, she had asked Cas to be the baby’s Godfather and, more importantly, a guardian and beneficiary should anything happen to her. Cas thought everything was in order, but he needed Michael on side and available in case the hospital or social worker objected.
Kelly’s doctor joined him a few minutes later. He sat across from Cas and waited a beat before he started speaking.
Cas looked around his new home. There were boxes everywhere, but the big pieces of furniture were mostly in place, at least for now. He’d tipped the movers well and they’d agreed to help him out with setting up his bedframe, as well as moving the big couch, chair and tv stand on the lower floor where he wanted them. The furniture was a mix of Cas’ mismatched, mostly small, pieces that had fit in his small apartment. He also had to admit he had way too many books, most of them old favorites and university texts from his teaching days, and only a few copies of his own for reference. Cas was not looking forward to unpacking all those boxes. He’d also moved most of Kelly’s things from her home. The will had stipulated that Cas was her sole beneficiary as well as Jack’s guardian. Cas didn’t feel like he had any right to dispose of her things, so he’d kept most of them for now and decided he’d figure it out later when his life was a bit more settled.
Dean knew he had a long way to go before this place was home, but he was determined to make it his own. This was the first home he owned, and all this space was his alone. After years of struggle and hard work, he was out of the woods. Uncle Bobby had helped Dean and his brother Sam with a place to live and kept social services off their backs after their dad died, but Dean had been determined to do everything he could so the two brothers weren’t too much of a burden. It wasn’t Bobby’s fault that John had dropped the boys at his house for a weekend hunting trip and then promptly driven into a train. Their life had been no picnic before then, but losing their dad when Dean was just finishing high school and Sam was still 13 was the icing on the cake.
Cas had already called an Uber, since they were both feeling the effects from the early activities of their evening. The car arrived early, and they were both surprised to see a red 1972 Ford Fairlane pull up in front of the house. Dean’s jaw dropped and he walked across the lawn gaping at the fully restored beauty. When he rounded the front to get a better look the driver’s head popped out of the side window, “Are you Cas?” She was young, probably late 20’s, with vibrant red hair and a wide grin.
While he’s no longer on lockdown, Castiel has still been limiting face to face interaction with friends and family as much as possible. Instead of going out, he’s been concentrating on renovating his 80’s era home. When he moved in, the whole thing was full of dated builder grade fixtures, pinky beige paint, stained beige carpet and dated wallpaper “feature” walls. Nothing had been changed, for better or for worse, for over 30 years. The lockdown was a great time to tear everything out, and within the first few weeks Castiel had the house stripped of wallpaper, old carpet and underlay, and popcorn ceilings. Once he had a blank slate he listed out the repairs and upgrades he wanted to make, and made a wish list of supplies. His first trip out for anything besides groceries was a locally owned hardware store.
Dean and Cas soon fell into an easy rhythm, and even started car pooling to work on days they were working the same hours. That is, Dean drove the two of them to work in the Impala, but they never travelled together in Cas’ “hipster vintage” truck. The first morning they drove together Cas looked giddy as he settled into the passenger seat.
I want to assure readers that the end of this story is written and it will be finished. Hope you're enjoying it :)
Cas struggled to maintain eye contact with Dean. “I haven’t thought about it a lot, but yeah. I guess I always pictured myself with a family at some point.” He gave a wry chuckle and another eye roll. “You know, something loving and unconditional. Nothing like my own family.”
Cas spent the day settling into a new routine with Jack. He organized all his bottle-feeding supplies in the kitchen and the baby bath in the guest bathroom. They went grocery shopping and stocked up on everything Cas had let run out in preparation for the move. He even bought a box of rice cereal and a couple of jars of pureed veggies to get Jack started on solid foods. Kelly would have shaken her head at the price and lectured Cas about making his own mushy carrots, but Cas wasn’t looking for extra work right now. He was just trying to survive as a single parent.
“How about you start alphabetizing that stack over there,” Cas pointed to his right. “I’ll be done sorting right away and then we can start shelving.
“I’m thinking about some possibilities,” said Castiel, turning back to hang up his apron and grabbing a black leather jacket from the hook next to it.
When he stopped in for a cup to go over three hours ago he had no intention of staying any longer. The shop was new to him, and the first thing he noticed was the amazing aroma of fresh-baked pie. He glanced over to the glass display case just in time to see someone slide a lattice-topped apple pie onto the top shelf. That was the first thing that convinced him to stay a little longer.
Cas gave Dean a pointed look. “I’m saying you could be my roommate. At least, until something more permanent comes along.”
Once they got back to the table the rounds of shots were coming fast. Everyone took a turn buying, Cas included, but he would switch out his full shots with the empties on either side of him whenever no one was looking. Dean was progressively drunker as the evening went on, and Cas discovered that Dean got handsy when he was drunk. One by one the others turned in for the night. Brady offered to share his Uber with Sam. Eventually Cas and Dean were alone at the table.
Sam was surrounded by friends on the deck. Garth and Ash both came over to say hello to Cas right away. Garth went in for a hug, of course, but Cas really didn’t mind now that he knew him better. Ash extended his fist for a bump, which Cas returned, “Haven’t seen you for awhile dude, but I hear you and Dean have been snuggled up at home a lot lately. Congrats on the relationship upgrade man!” “Um, thanks Ash. I wasn’t sure if Dean had a chance to tell many people.” “Word travels fast. I knew it right away, anyway. He couldn’t stop checking out your ass at the roadhouse.” Cas flushed and continue on his way to Sam, who was flipping burgers and hot dogs at the grill.
In the evenings they cooked and ate together. Dean used the barbecue a lot, particularly for his homemade burgers. Cas concentrated on the sides, finding ways to balance out their meals with vegetables that Dean pretended to hate. Most of their evenings were spent in each others’ company, talking, reading, binging Netflix, listening to Cas’ music collection, or playing games. Dean wasn’t in the mood to go out much, especially since the friends he made through Carmen had disappeared, and Cas was just a natural homebody.
“Welcome back Mr. Novak. Your little boy had a good sleep and he’s ready for breakfast. Would you like to feed him?”
“His nose was a little crooked, but I guess that’s just from the tight squeeze, right?” Dean laughed, “And he’s definitely got the Winchester lips! Drives the girls crazy.” He smirked at Cas and wiggled his eyebrows, “And the guys, right Cas!” Cas rolled his eyes, but the corners of his mouth turned up a little.
“Oscar has gotten so big, and if he’s that energetic every day I feel sorry for Sam and Eileen.” Cas was still smiling but his eyes were wide with surprise. Oscar had run circles around the adults all afternoon, and one or more of them seemed to be chasing him down every minute.
“I understand you like men too, but if you want a family you’re going to have to get serious about a girl and stop playing around.”
Castiel had his back to the counter, but Dean watched as his head dropped towards his chest and he let out an exasperated sigh. He finished plating fresh cookies off a tray, then turned and dusted his hands on his apron and started to untie it.
Cas and Dean worked together into the night, moving items into place, unpacking the kitchen and clearing out empty boxes for recycling. Cas wanted to work on shelving his books next, but Dean suggested he get some brackets first to secure the bookcases to the wall. When his suggestion was met with an adorably confused head tilt, Dean flushed and rubbed the back of his neck, mumbling, “I’ll get you some tomorrow.”
Dean spent the next 10 years working his ass off at school and work, gradually earning a degree in mechanical engineering while he helped pay for Sam’s school and saved any penny left over for a down payment. Pushing thirty, Dean felt like he was finally getting to the good part. He had a great new job and a house that he could grow into.
Their work days went on much the same as before. Cas was holed up in the back office for hours, processing invoices, following up on collections for late payments and balancing the books. He kept inventory and accounts for both Bobby’s businesses – the garage and the salvage yard. Bobby had his doubts at first, but Cas had quickly proven himself indispensable and the work he did for the salvage yard alone was worth it when it started showing a profit instead of just being an expensive jumbled collection of car parts. Cas took Bobby’s crumpled hand written notes and turned them into up-to-the-minute inventory, online sales for rare vehicle parts, and perfectly balanced books.
Sam huffs, probably pissed off at the injustice of it all. He runs a hand through his hair, blinking quickly. He seems to accept Dean’s feigned ignorance and doesn’t push it further, and Jack follows suit, head tilted down in a poor attempt at concealing the mixture of grief and confusion in his expression.
“Hey!” Dean flashes a grin at the bartender, leaning on the bar as he shows her his badge. “Agent Armstrong, my partners Cool and Dirnt, over here. We’re looking into the deaths that have been going on and heard Jerry Jones and Rita De Bellis were seen here before they died last night. Got anyone we can ask about that?”
Ever the voice of reason, Sam speaks up and makes things worse. “So, what, Cas’ ultimate happiness was being trapped in a room trying to escape from Billie?”
Freezing in place, Dean starts to turn towards the source of the noise before Sam tackles him to the ground, apparently having abandoned his spar with the vastamare in favour of retrieving the weapon and, thankfully, saving Cas’ life. He rips the stake from Dean’s hand and tears back across the parking lot towards the vastamare, which has somehow wound up half-conscious on the ground.
As the server brings out their drinks, Dean gives Cas a nod, looking impressed. “Seems like you did some good sleuthing on these vics, Watson. Little more practice and you could become a professional stalker.”
In spite of himself, he forces his best attempt at a wobbly smile and turns to Dean. “I like this song,” he says, in an
“Feeling and wanting,” Cas tells him again, “are two very different things, Dean. I need you to tell me again.”
A gust of icy wind snakes around the corner of the bar, turning the heads of both Winchesters and, belatedly, Cas.
“Thank you. I also found a lore forum with a thread where people were discussing vastamares that proved quite informative. Several people corroborated that vastamares look like dark shadows with green eyes. Also, apparently, once its victims are cursed with…um, honesty, I suppose…if one goes too far away from the other to adequately air their grievances, so to speak, they will suffer extreme heartbreak and promptly die, and the other will be distraught and kill themself soon after.”
It dawns on him slowly, what he’s done. The horrified voices around him meld together senselessly as his head pounds. He falls to his knees, clutching at Rita’s motionless arms, sobs racking his body.
They fall back into focused silence for a while longer. Cas reads through each of the articles on the couples who had died, noticing how strikingly similar they were to the more recent ones they already knew about.
He isn’t sure if his newfound confidence came from the outfit itself or from the way Dean looked at him when he was wearing it, but Cas decides that the clothes aren’t so bad, after all.
Cas leans forward in his seat, a small smirk playing on his lips. His movement towards the front of the car seems to catch Dean’s eye, and he turns to look at Cas. When he sees Cas’ expression, he cocks an eyebrow in question, but suddenly seems to understand as his eyes go wide. He turns back to face the road without a word, shoulders tense. Cas feels a warmth in his chest.
“Well, that’s just like how I love when you sit through crappy cowboy movies you don’t care about just ‘cause you know I like ‘em! What can I say? He grew on me!”
As Sam peruses the menu, Cas notices that Dean seems to have mentally checked out. He is sat with his chin resting on his hand, staring at one of the couples on the other side of the restaurant to them. Cas follows his gaze to see that the couple have temporarily abandoned their meals in favour of holding hands and gazing into each other’s eyes, faces bright with smiles, as though love is seeping out of their pores. Dean’s face is soft, eyes wistful as he stares at their private interaction.
“I didn’t catch most of it, but I heard Rita tell Jerry she never loved him, so I gave them some space until they got too loud to stay. I can’t believe she said that – or what…what happened to them after – they always seemed so happy, you know?”
Lost in thought, Cas wanders down the street as inconspicuously as he can. He wonders to himself whether the vastamare is still at the crime scene, and whether that meant he should stay, even though he has no idea how to kill it. He then wonders how good the creature is at hiding; he knows it can blend well into shadows, which would make it exceptionally easy for it to hide at night, but perhaps it can also disguise itself in other ways.
“A headline. Another couple died here about a month before the first ones we knew about in the same way.” He keeps scrolling. “And another, several months before that…and again last year…and-”
Cas nods politely, and is about to come up with a follow up question when a firm hand appears on his arm. Apparently, Dean has finished talking with Sheriff Martin.
She turns back to Cas with a gleam in her eyes. “My shift ends at ten,” she says, voice low. “If he wants to make plans with me, he can come and find me then.”
“Yeah, exactly.” Sam grins. “So, this creature – the vastamare – it comes from old Roman mythology, hence the Latin, and it’s said to be born from couples in loveless relationships that get cursed by Ultio, the Roman goddess of vengeance. That curse essentially turns the kid that couple has into a vastamare before it’s born, and it becomes set on killing lovers who have these big, ugly secrets as a form of revenge against the existence of deceit in that relationship.”
Cas is vaguely aware of how scared Dean sounds as his hands move to cup Cas’ cheeks, tilting his head up to look him in the eyes. Cas tries to explain what’s happening to him, but the words that threaten, unbidden, to form on his tongue when he opens his mouth are ones he’s kept buried for years – not out of shame or even fear, really, more out of grief – ones he isn’t sure he wants leaking out into the world, ones that have floated through his mind more times than he can count this evening alone but would never dare say out loud.
“Yeah?” Marcus takes a step towards Cara, seemingly unaware of how raw his throat is from shouting. “Well, at least I don’t wear socks in bed!”
Sam feigns how long it takes him to recover from the punch, swinging upwards with the stake whilst the vastamare is still leering at him. It wails again as the stake cuts through its torso, but manages to parry Sam’s next strike with its claws.
As Sam leaves, Cas picks the bag with his new clothes up off of the floor and peers inside. Dean grabs his own change of clothes out of his duffle bag and turns to Cas.
Before Cas can properly register what he said, Dean whirls around to face Sanchez with a fierce glare.
When Dean finally catches up to Sam and Jack, it’s in Hastings, Minnesota and they’re the only ones left.
“Maybe the lore I found was crap,” Dean says with a shrug. “Who knows? Doesn’t really matter now, we just gotta focus on finding and ganking Mr. Eau de Dead Guy.”
Ever the fidgeter, Dean cracks his knuckles in order, and keeps repeating the motion even after they stop clicking. They sit in almost painful silence for several minutes. Cas refuses to be the one to speak first.
“No,” Cas tells him. He places his hand on top of Dean’s, which finally gets his attention. His eyes jump up to meet Cas’. “But, if they are, I’m sure it’s because of how nice you look, and not because they’re trying to decide whether to kill us or not.”
From his secluded vantage point, he can already see a worryingly large crowd of people gathered around a house, as well as several police cars and an ambulance. Cas makes his way over to the crowd unnoticed, thanks to the distraction caused by the general air of distress, and tries to peer over people’s heads to get a look at where the bodies lay, covered, on the sidewalk.
fic title is a line from billy joel's 'honesty'. there is a completely unwarranted amount of billy joel references in this fic and i have absolutely zero good reasons for this. enjoy!
“The Shadow altered the deal. It wanted to hurt Cas, to make him suffer as much as possible, so it said that it wouldn’t come to take him until...until he experienced a moment of true happiness, so it could take it away from him.”
“In the end, however, it didn’t really matter. We were attacked by a woman – well, we thought she was just a woman – and she performed a curse on those two angels. We killed her, of course, but we were too late; the angels she had cursed were already dead. It was…unpleasant, to say the least. I suppose that means vastamares can disguise themselves as humans. Up until now, I had believed her to be a witch.”
Dean eyes the coffee pot, eyebrow raised, as Cas digs around in the first aid kit for some cotton balls. He dips some in the warm water before holding it up to Dean’s arm.
Before they leave the motel, Cas catches himself in the mirror. His hair looks a lot nicer now Dean has moved it to the side slightly. He bites back a grin.
“Dean.” He can hear the smile in Cas’ voice, and he feels himself relax as the prospect of instant rejection being the last thing that ever happens to him retreats. However, this is all Cas manages to say before that gloopy noise from before comes back, ten times louder and
When he doesn’t get a response, he looks over at Dean, whose eyes are determinedly fixed on the road ahead.
Once they had a table full of food and drink in front of them the conversation quieted considerably as they all had mouthfuls of roadhouse burgers. Dean was momentarily transfixed by the deep moan Cas let out at his first bite, but was quickly distracted by Brady.
Cas noticed Mary’s scarf draped across the seat of the visitor’s chair. He quietly went over and scooped it up, leaving Dean and Eileen to talk while he tried to catch up with Mary and Sam. He was waiting for the elevator when he heard Sam’s voice coming from the lounge behind him.
Dean cracked a beer and scrolled through his phone to the local pizza delivery app he’d discovered the first week he moved in. He ordered his usual extra large all dressed, then stepped out on his deck to wait out the delivery. Leaning against the railing, he drank his beer and scrolled to a word scramble game that was his latest obsession. Dean had barely completed one level when he heard the door opening on the deck next to him. Fortunately, there was a solid wall separating the two structures, but apparently, he’d still be able to hear his new neighbour.
Dean laughed with pure joy, his eyes tearing as he reached down and grasped Cas’ free hand to draw him up into his arms. “Yes!” They embraced and, as everyone around them cheered, Cas pulled the ring free from the box and held it so Dean could see inside. Mounted flush inside the band were two small diamonds and engraved next to them was ‘DW+CW’. “If you’re okay with it, I’d like to take your name.” Dean held his hand out and Cas slid the ring home. Dean flexed his hand and then cupped Castiel’s face and leaned in for a kiss. “Of course, Mr. Winchester.”
Dean smiled back. “Yeah, we can take it slow.” He tilted his lips back up and kissed Cas again, this time softly and unhurried.
But Cas never gets to hear the end of that sentence, as he notices the blood that has soaked into the left sleeve of Dean’s potentially new green shirt. He stands. “Dean, you’re bleeding.”
Cas tries to mentally sort through everything that’s just happened without descending into too great a panic. His head still aches after being forced to focus for so long, and he isn’t sure whether to attribute his inability to get his breathing steady to the curse or to the words he and Dean had just shouted at each other like lunatics. When he glances up at Dean, it feels like his heart gets heavier; Dean is looking very pointedly at the ground, face trained into a hard, emotionless expression. Cas tries to say his name again, but no noise comes out, and he thinks belatedly that it’s probably for the best.
“What happened to all those dates you told Sam you’ve been on? Surely you should have figured this sort of thing out by now.”
The silence that follows is filled by the end of a track on Cas’ Billy Joel tape. When the opening notes of the next song play, Cas freezes in place. It’s
“Yes, I don’t particularly enjoy imagining that happening, either.” Cas grins at Dean’s disgusted expression. “That’s the extent of what I found out. As I said, I haven’t been researching them for long.”
Jerry’s head seems to snap back as he takes a step away from her. As he glances towards their house, his eyes fall on the metal ‘Welcome to our home!’ sign stuck in the lawn. He crouches to tug it out of the ground, brushing the dirt off of it with his hand. He rises slowly, twisting the sign to point the sharp end that had been in the ground at his fiancée.
Cas shakes his head. If anything, the vastamare’s presence right beside him in the circle is worsening the curse. His skull feels on the brink of splitting open and he finds himself having to focus significantly harder on keeping his mouth shut.
“No thanks, I don’t eat,” Cas says sincerely. Then, he remembers another piece of Dean’s advice from several weeks ago: that it’s important to be extra polite to waitstaff. He gives the waitress a smile three full seconds after he finishes speaking.
As he rambles, Dean’s baffled expression softens slightly, his eyes warm and shining and completely fixed on Cas. When Dean makes no move to cut him off, Cas hurries to keep talking.
“Oh, it does,” Jerry roars, stopping outside their house as he reaches it. “It smells disgusting. But, sure, maybe my breath’s the reason you don’t fucking love me anymore!”
“Two of us could pretend to be a couple! It’s a bar, right, so it’d just look like a date. That way, no civs will get hurt if the thing decides to attack here, and the one of us who isn’t on the date can try to lure it outside or something so we can deal with it.”
When Dean says nothing and simply continues staring at Cas with eyes that are clearly fighting against him to close themselves, Cas sighs.
“Not to mention, if you stay up now, then you’ll be grouchy later, and you’re highly annoying when you’re grouchy.”
He carefully takes off the headphones, so as not to damage them, and closes his eyes, finding a thick patch of trees near to the location the couple had died. When he opens his eyes, he is stood there, being buffeted by the cool, night breeze.
