But he carried the ache in his chest as the car pulled away from 890 Fifth Avenue, the last time he ever saw his house, like it was precious. He nurtured the memory of watching his mother play piano from the shadows, never being allowed into the light.  He dreamed of a soulmate every night, swimming through a vast ocean, searching for an impossible treasure.
Sam exchanges a tight smile with Diamondback when he arrives. "Nomad," he directs at Steve as he approaches, pushing up his goggles. His new name is hard to get used to, so for a moment Steve just stares. Sam looks exhausted in a way Steve has never seen before and he finds himself mindlessly reaching out and grasping his shoulder, only realizing himself at the last moment and using the motion to reel him in.
"Just Original Computing Artificial Sentient Tactical Assistant," Tony rattles off. Kamala and Rhodey stare at him.
"Hey," Tony says, voice cracking as he turns to face him. "Look, I'm glad that you remembered to lock yourself in, kid, really. I know you wanna get better. You've got time. I promised you I wasn't going to let SHIELD get there hands on you."
Out on the landing pad, T'Challa hands him a small, ice cold metal box. Inside is a vial of Barnes' blood, freely given from the man himself. Tony takes it as a good sign, if nothing else. The helicopter that will take him to the airport touches down and impulsively Tony takes the hand T'Challa reaches out and pulls him into a hug. Too much, he thinks, a bit panicked, but as he pulls away T'Challa's hands brush against his side, where he had reached out to return the gesture.
Donnie's so pale he's nearly sparkling in the sunlight and the kid has never looked so excited. A tug of guilt weighs Tony down; even today he'd hesitated at bringing him up out of the basement, out of the safe walls of the compound. Exposing Donald to outside stimuli runs at thirty eight chance of backfiring spectacularly, Tony's calculated. Never mind that FRIDAY's reprimanded him for not including Donnie's own emotional response in those calculations. Emotions are rough and not to be trusted, especially under pressure, and Donnie has managed to amass more issues than all the Avengers combined.
The council is quiet, looking down on him from the odd courtroom arrangement they have set up. "It might be considered," the Englishwoman says finally, and Tony supposes that's the best they can hope for.
“You know,” he says. “It’s not all gone.” When Steve raises an eyebrow, he gestures out at the city. “New Yorkers are nostalgia-ridden fools, near as I can tell. Never tear anything down. They just built around it. Or on top, more likely, I guess, there’s not just excessive amounts of space here. But they make something new of out it. The old, I mean.”
Steve stared at him, the lines on his face, the slump of his shoulders. He looked so defeated, and it was a look he wore comfortably. Familiar. "What happened to you?" he whispered.
Natasha fixes him with a stare. "I just don't want you taken in by a fly-by-night operator, Tony." He opens his mouth, closes it, squints at her, then opens his mouth again; all the while, Natasha maintain her calm facade. Waiting.
Kamala perks up. "Thank you, Mr. Stark." At Tony's jerky nod she bounces a little so that she briefly stretches up to seven feet tall before coming back down. "It'll be fun, I promise. I'll ask and see who wants to go. Thank you, thank you!"
“Only time he sits down,” Steve said, squinting in that direction. Sure enough, he spotted the bright flare of Tony’s arc reactor. He stood with a sigh, squaring his shoulders.
Kamala turns crimson. "I mean, I would be totally grateful, Mr. Hawkeye, don't get me wrong - I mean, yeah, I'm in. Thank you for having me!"
And amazing FRIDAY pulls Bruce's formulas off the page, throws their holograms into the air and turns them into their physical compounds, surrounding Tony like the Starkium atom so long ago.
, another Tony out there was saying to another Steve, but his Tony didn't look at him like that, not now that Steve knew what to look for. And he wasn't the cold, bitter Tony from the Time Fog either. No, Tony couldn't become him. They wouldn't have to fight a war or hate each other.
"Truly I am blessed," Rhodey says dryly. He dumps Tony on his bed, flips the covers wholesale over him, and nods at a job well done. "If I hear you banging around before five A.M., you'll be sorry, Tenderfoot."
"Good. Stay there. I'll call back later. FRIDAY, scan what we can and get it to Spider-Man. Get the Mark II ready for-" Suddenly the explosions stop and something - someone emerges from the building, standing on one of Oscorp's prototype gliders and holding Peter by the throat. "What the fuck is that?"
Three days, Tony!” Jan swung her legs up and over, and that’s when Tony knew she was serious – this position was not sanctioned in her very precise tanning schedule.
," Tony grinds out. "But you know I'm telling the truth. He needs the BARF system. He doesn't get that without me. So
"There is something you can help me with," Tony says after a long pause. Everett quirks his head to the side and leans forward, the picture of sincere interest. "The other Winter Soldiers, found in the Siberian bunker - what happened to their bodies?"
"I was calling to ask the same thing!" She says over the phone. She is clearly watching the same explosions blow out window after window from Oscorp just like he is. "Tony, what's happening?"
Vision and Rhodey approve of her with little reservation and Peter's enthusiasm cannot be contained.
"You said you'd protect me, I didn't think that meant you'd lock me up in your basement. You're just like them!" Tony feels his whole body flinch. He doesn't know who Donnie is referring to, SHIELD or HYDRA. He doesn't want to know. He doesn't - he isn't -
But now Steve was here, in his time, and everything Tony couldn’t be was staring him in the face. Well no, he corrected himself, that would dare imply that Steve saw him at all. Captain America looked at Tony Stark and saw everything wrong with the world, everything that wasn’t there for him.
Ultron looks at it in its hand. "What, this?" Without another word it crushes it into pieces. "I'm not after that." Tony watches in horror as it shakes the pieces of the arc reactor from its articulated hand and reaches back for Tony's chest.
"What's a-" She leans forward, squinting slightly as she tries to puzzle out what's on screen. "Tony, I never knew you were so fond of Madlibs."
"Tony?" Tony hadn't even heard the door open, but Rhodey is standing there, leaning heavily on his crutches with his legs wrapped up in the lightweight braces Tony made him for sleep. Tony looks back and forth between Rhodey and T'Challa as his best friend slowly approaches. "Tones, what's happening?"
What followed was a long, lengthy discussion about Tony's decision to bring Peter to Germany - which Clint took with a surprising lack of vitriol when Tony told him that the plan was always for Spider-Man to stay at a distance - Kamala's future, Wanda and Pietro, and uncomfortable mentions of Clint's own past as a pseudo-child soldier. They didn't have time to implement the plan they made before between Tony's unintentional ice-out of Peter and Brussels, and Tony isn't sure that now is the right time, not with whatever is lurking out there and Fury playing Information Tag. But if they do this right...if they do this right it could secure the future. For when his team is gone and a new one takes their place.
Carol Danvers beams at him, shaking the hand she hasn't let go more vigorously. "That's fantastic, Mr. Stark. Would you consider an early release to the Veterans Affairs? I know a lot of soldiers who -"
Coulson's bland face remains so. "I remember. We'll take the prisoner. I expect a full report on the bomb within three days. And before you say no, remember that my scientists have been working on this a lot longer than yours. We can help."
"Ms. Maximoff wasn't breaking any laws at the time," Tony reminds the room at large sharply. "Wakanda and Nigeria have already declined to press charges. If the Avengers Initiative could make a statement about the status of the fugitives, it might ease a lot of worries." And maybe get Wanda and Wilson back earlier than expected. A year's house arrest and probation was nothing compared to what might happen if they were arrested now.
Just take this morning: Obadiah had come booming into the solemn quiet of their house, singing the birthday song to Tony before he was even halfway through the door, swanning up to the boy's room and depositing his gift of a new soldering iron kit with all the deference due to royalty. Tony never smiled, but he had come damn near close then. The boy's gaze had slid past Obadiah then, to his parents lingering in the doorway, his mother almost hidden behind Howard, and his face shuttered as he carefully pulled down the sleeves of his pajama top where they had ridden up, exposing his pale, bare wrists.
"So, what? This is just supposed to keep going until he ends up in the Raft?" Steve finally demands. "Or am I supposed to be happy that Tony is ready to instantly compromise on the very thing he fought with us over?"
The Chitauri wandered the campus day and night, but Ronan was being cautious after his first attack failed and the Guardians were subsequently freed from their escape pods, sending them out in ones and twos that were dispatched easily enough. Even now, any who wandered close to the group relaxing on the field of Avengers Stadium were taken out by Taskmaster and Red Hulk, who merely added the decapitated heads of the fallen to their growing supply of Chitauriballs.
Tony curses softly and shakes his head, trying to get his brain on straight. "Alright. Alright. You sure you're safe, Pepper?"
"I don't have to do shit, majesty, this isn't Wakanda. This is my compound and that's my tech in there, and that's where it's staying. Oh c'mon. We both know why you're here."
"Is this because of Germany?" Peter suddenly asks, and Kamala makes a noise of distress in response to his tone or the topic, Tony can't tell. "Because I messed up? Because I followed your orders perfectly in Canada, I stopped that bomb-"
There are arms around him the next moment, the first time they’ve touched in nearly two years, and Tony sags inside them. He just wants to know, honestly. Then maybe he can let this go.
Barnes' eyes, so dark before, are positively gleaming as they lift back up to Tony's face. "Why do you think you owe me?" Barnes asks, blunt, almost sharp.
sometimes, to get out everything that was buzzing around in his head. He should have kept calm and explained to Tony how literally everything he was suggesting would end up backfiring on them.
"Tony and Vision's headstart helped," Bruce admits, never one for praise. "And 'cured' is not the right word. 'Stabilized' is better. She's not ever going to be like she was. Not that she would be even if we had cured her. It's gonna be a hard world she wakes up to."
"You know. Flashy and - and impossible," Steve ducked his head, feeling the anger stir back up. "He's frustrating as hell."
Around him is a deserted hallway, the dim sounds of bustle and machinery in the background. "So, this is the Vault?" Steve asks. He wouldn't agree to Fury's terms until he knew where he and Sam were going. The files Fury sent over after one long-suffering sigh listed the Vault as SHIELD's number one containment facility and full-time base, designed by Howard Stark and a Doctor Reed Richards and constructed under Director Margaret Carter. Steve knows the thrumming in the air is from Cell Block 42, housing the most dangerous criminals the government didn't get to know about, holding them behind the strange energy barriers developed by Dr. Richards before the man went off to space with his untrained wife and family and never came back.
"My, my, my, you sound like you've discovered of whole new level of righteous anger recently, congratulations."
Diamondback is at the door, magenta hair in a tight ponytail but sans mask or makeup. She's just Rachel Leighton, former convict, right now, and there is nothing bright or dangerous in her eyes but the critical assessment of a skilled agent.
rough, for years. Long before the fight, and long before he ever got here. What had Rachel accused him of? Swinging his fists around, hoping for something to hit?
"No, I mean-" Peter exhales forcefully. "They're gonna lock up anybody with powers that doesn't sign?"
It's a tease, a trick to lighten the mood, and Steve chuckles obligingly. "Sorry I wasn't there to witness the wake up. Must've been some bedhead."
"It would give victims a fighting chance. They could make it through the other side. Like Kamala did," Tony follows-up. "Glad to hear it." His eyes can't help it; they find the data again. "I - I know I'm not my father, Bruce. One hundred percent aware. Still. Legacies are a funny thing."
For the first time, Bruce hesitates. He runs his hands through his hair over and over again. "You know there's that saying about how if you can't look at your actions in the light of day they were probably the wrong choices? You didn't call me until this was already over, until you'd already won, because you knew which side I'd be on." Something inside Tony crumples at that, but it also kick-starts the part of him that went silent the moment he saw Bruce's face.
"Yeah," Rhodey sighs. "I saw what Bruce is cooking up down there. I imagine you've got him on the brain lately. You want to talk about it?"
The portal opens and they step through darkness into the training room Fury has assigned for them specially. And instantly, except for a still clinging Dagger, they take a step away from each other.
Peter laughs weakly. "Your boss is scarier than mine, nobody else would take the job. I actually kinda volunteered. Jameson will understand. I just wanted to see you. I'm sorry I've been so busy, I saw on TV and I - I'm sorry, Tony."
Dark liquid begins to creep up the tubes as Howard whirls on Tony, Howard with his face caved in, his Dad through that ruin of a mouth demanding
"Or," Tiberius sighs, sounding exhausted. "Or worse. People get used to the fear. The fear starts to become normal and accepted. If that happens, its time to turn in your superhero badge, Iron Man, because the bad guys have already won."
"'Course I do, you saved my life," Tony says simply. Natasha, to his side, chimes in with an 'and mine' that Rhodey echoes. "But even heroes need a break, kid. There. Stick that on your inspirational quote of the day calendar." Spider-Man rolls his shoulders and lets out a shaky exhale. "Spidey, the rest of us would be laid up with a bullet wound for weeks. You can stand one more day."
"Yes. I expected, I don't know, evaluations, but he dug deep. It's what made him - what makes him - a good leader. You should read them some time; I think he digitized them a year back during the move."
He can only imagine May Parker now, hovering at the edges of Peter's worry, dying to wrap poor Harry up and feed him terrible nutbread. Parkers and Rhodes, more than poor little rich boy orphans could ever deserve.
The original Avengers, protecting the earth together, always connected. Steve is running the good risk of Tony's distant indignation when the older man sees it sees it but he wouldn't erase it for anything.
"It's a bright new world," Sharon says back, a too-sweet smile on her face. "Full of second chances, right, Mr. Stark."
"They don't know that Black Panther is...special," Natasha reasons. "I'll have him with me every step of the way, right, Your Highness."
the Avengers!" Tony tries to keep his face impassive, hand falling from where it was outstretched for Kamala to take, but her words lands hard in the space between his ribs, making his chest ache all over.
"No, of course not! You only got into bed with him! You only jumped when he called! You only did all his dirty work!" Bruce screams. Dimly and very unhelpfully Tony marvels at how good his control has gotten. "I mean what did he give you, huh, Tony? To sell out all your friends? What did it take, c'mon, I wanna know
Things were beginning to explode on the giant screen perched atop the balcony platform of Stark Tower when he arrived. The lawn was crowded with people: kids and teens who had started to come to Avengers Academy’s movie nights, and Avengers themselves. Kamala and Jessica had climbed atop the schawarma stand Tony had insisted on installing, Natasha curled up in a fuzzy black and red bean bag – cupholders included – while Brian perched on the grass at her side. A-Bomb was resting on his stomach, Janet sitting daintly across his broad back. Even Loki was there, though he was standing what he probably considered a perfectly disdainful distance away.
Steve's eyes went wide, and a bit scared. "What if I do?" If there was anything in the world Steve hated besides bullies, it was disappointing people. Joseph had seen to both.
The man's lips thin. "It would be better for his case if we could see the innocent man you have argued so fervently for. Perhaps you could mention that to him."
"No bargain. Just food. I'm not in the business of torture, Miss Sarkissian." The Madame only reacts to her real name with a quirk of the eyebrow.
"Because he hurt people, Peter," Tony says, finally standing. Peter sways, wanting to step back from the ferocity, wanting to be protected by it, too. "He nearly killed Gwendolyn Stacy-"
"And you expect me to believe Scott wasn't right by his side?" Hope challenges, leaning forward in her chair. "Scott's a hero, Mr. Stark, he was born to help those who couldn't help themselves."
Tony puts his drink down. When he and Steve are finally through talking, barely getting words through their yawns, he stands, leaving it out there, completely forgotten.
And he supposes, if he’s honest with himself, it’s why he takes it so hard when someone tries to take Tony away. Even if that someone is occasionally Tony himself.
"I spent three whole days trying to kill James Barnes. If anyone understands your reaction, it's me."
Kamala gives a bonafide squeal at that and scampers over to the boys, full of questions for Peter about costuming tips. Tony recalls a red hoodie and some goggles and questions the collective good judgement happening over there before turning back to the armor making a few more adjustments. He lets the kids' chatter become idle, strangely pleasant background noise as he works. He doesn't touch the color blue, but he tries a few designs that re-incorporate some red back into the black and gold. It looks good, almost too good to his eyes, like an indulgence.
“-who only wants to help you,” Jan finished, flopping a dramatic hand over her heart. “So let me help. Why did you and Steve fight?”
Steve watched, narrow-eyed, as Hologram-Tony was overtaken by the dots. "What are those?" he asked quietly, pointing towards holes marked on Holo-Tony's frame.
If Iron Man hadn't been there. If Tony hadn't flown through the portal. Well, Steve doesn't have Tony anymore and he might never have him again. He has to soldier on anyway. He did it once; he survived without Bucky and he saved the world. Damn if it wasn't the hardest thing he'd ever had to do. He could do it again, he could keep on living after everything is gone. It's an old wound by now.
"He does." She drops her spoon into her bowl with a final-sounding 'clank' and fixes him with a frank stare. "Thanks to you. You pulled through, Tony."
“Keep it safe for me, alright?” They looked up at him with awestruck eyes and nodded. Steve turned to Sam. “Have you seen Tony?”
“I didn’t understand addiction. Or the damage it was doing. Or what ‘enabling’ meant. All I knew was that when she had a glass in her hand, my mother smiled and laughed and was the life of the party. When she was drunk,” he inhales shakily. “Mom loved me. When she was sober, she hated everything. I didn’t know. I didn’t know it took time. I thought if she stayed that way, she’d hate me forever.”
"Don't knock the validation of your feelings, Rogers. Sometimes you need to be told emotions are okay. It's a thing, it's cool, it's why you have me. You're welcome," Sam preens. The heaviness from before is lifting by the second. "So what are we going to do, Cap?"
"Then I suggest you leave him with me," Tony snaps. "Where he's comfortable." Coulson's pale eyes flash with interest and Tony quickly steps away. "We got a deal?"
." He is being unnecessarily nasty to her but it feels so good. Its not hard to guess she's seen Cap once or twice since she left. He doesn't know why she's back, she made her loyalties quite clear.
Tony practically beamed at the praise, his face lighting up brighter than the repulsor node in his chest. "That's the idea, Cap. I'll be faster, stronger, and all the other Daft Punk adjectives, rolled into one lean, mean, alien-fighting machine. You guys can sit back, relax, and drink virgin mojitos by the wave pool - I've got this totally handled."
“You gonna stick around?” Sam asked. “You have to see the President’s speech at least; I’m pretty sure you’ll cry.”
FRIDAY answers the question he's already forgotten, but Tony is standing shakily, reaching for clothes and telling the AI to ring T'Challa and tell him what's happening. He needs to get back, needs to head this off at the pass, talk to Peter, talk to Pepper about maybe taking a few more shares of Oscorp so that the younger Osborn doesn't lose everything, needs to-
'Reed probably sent them all through some black hole. Coulda come back anytime but he got too busy arguing with some supreme intelligence about Combinatorics or some shit.'
"Ross is ten minutes out. Basement's locked down and Bruce says Kamala's brain activity is starting to pick up but she's still a day or two out. Aamir Khan's flight gets in tomorrow. Donnie's having a slumber party with Spider-Man. And I'm a little worried about T'Challa."
Donnie laughs brokenly. "Jesus fuck, Tony, look at me." He splays his hands wide and and ice webs up between the digits. "I'm not even safe in my own head."
"It's fine kid. You got the watch on? Friday's sending you blueprints. Head to the place she's marked. There's a window there. Get it open and web the man's left hand. You'll know when you see. Left hand, got it?"
“What are you even talking about?” Tony screeched, then threw his hands up in the air. “Why am I even asking? You don’t know! You don’t know anything except punching things and doing the Charleston!”
“Making it better,” Steve says, and the next time he leans in Tony turns his head, catching him in their new first kiss.
"Not anymore, ya hear me, Buck? We're here, and we can't go back and - we'll make it this time. Best we can," Steve says, eyes still closed. "I'll be back before you know it. I'm with you til the end of the line."
(There's a video of Tony he pulls up sometimes, the last glimpse of him before the fighting started, standing at the shoulder of a younger version of himself on the stage of MIT. Tony, not yet an orphan, telling his parents he loved them while he could because he regretted not doing so. To give tech like that to Bucky, tech Tony made to personally ease his own demons, is a gesture that says more silently than anything Tony Stark ever could out loud.)
"Ms. van Dyne," Tony begins, shifting uncomfortably in his chair. Hope shuts him down with one upwards flash of her eyes.
Natasha's hand is so tight on his shoulder Tony is actually worried she might try to break him to put him out of commission. The commander warns "If there is one hint of Iron Man-"
“What are teammates for?” Tony quipped, but Steve’s eyes were serious as they took him in. The smile had faded, but never disappeared.
"Not entirely." Tony looked at him with such shock it made him smile. "Some of the stuff you've shown me has been pretty swell. So maybe we could just, er, change the methods?" The tiny grin that got him encouraged Steve to continue. "Like next week, I'll pick the movie. And if I want a recommendation, I'll ask."
“Cap,” the Tony returned, and in all of their fights Steve had never heard his Tony spit out his name with such venom. “Mind telling me what’s going on?”
Steve looked like he didn’t like that option much better than Tony blithely sending out his robots, but before he could argue, his eyes again got caught on the gleam of his shield.
Steve had seen his Tony drunk once or twice, usually only at the infrequent parties the Academy held; it wasn't a sight he enjoyed. For one, it was illegal as Tony was underage; for another, Tony became incredibly maudlin and clingy and Steve was not well-equipped to deal with that. Most importantly, though, drunk people reminded him of his father, and the reminder was not pleasant. He didn't begrudge people their fun, he simply did not want to be around it.
Obie meant well, but Howard couldn't quite smother the wince his words provoked. He was the lucky one, having Maria. She was the one who had to put up with his late nights, his admittedly lousy temper, SHIELD's constant pestering, and Tony, the son he'd asked her for.
"Surely you don't want to divide our efforts," Tony reasons, forcing himself to sound as maddeningly logical as Vision does.
There is the beginning of a hesitant, cautious smile on Steve’s face that Tony feels himself returning. Like the old man said: Together.
"I'll take in under consideration," Laura chuckles. Tony spots her tiny figure rise up from one of the deck chairs and one by one beckon the other tiny figures on the roof to follow her inside. "Ten minutes, boys. Any later and your portions get added to Nate's food smash."
"You missed out on the part where I ran into Wanda Maximoff again," Tony answers flatly. Natasha inhales sharply and he finally looks at her. "She's fine. I'm fine. It was all fine, Nat, and we're not talking about it. We've got bigger things to worry about. Like HYDRA, and-" He waves Kamala's report. "Super-powered children. Jesus, why did we think this was a good idea?"
"Iron Man," Gwen breathes when she gets in front of him. He flips the faceplate up and steadies her with a hand to her shoulder. Her smile is as brighter than the million flashbulbs surrounding them. "You weren't going to leave before I said thank you, were you?"
He's rambling; when he finally looks up T'Challa's eyes are on his finger, still tracing unsteady lines across the table. Slowly, Tony places his hand in his pocket, clenching it tight over the phone resting in there. "What?" he asks when T'Challa doesn't speak. "You think I'm trying to get away?"
The kids break for lunch at some point. Peter hangs back a little, and Tony dutifully closes down the window so he can look at him full-on. With a sidelong glance at a still-sedate Vision, Peter tugs off his mask, but doesn't speak, just stares down at the white of the eye sensors.
He finishes his sweep as SHIELD's clean up crew arrives and is coming back to them when they hear a murmur of surprise. "Viz?" Rhodey calls, but is met with silence.
"I...well, I won't tell you I've learned to live with that weight, but at least I've learned how to carry it. Some of us aren't so experienced."
Usually the Time Fog was just that, a swirling mass of fog, though sometimes you could spot distant structures and figures looming. This time it seemed to wrap around Tony’s hand, holding tight, pulling at him.
“I’ll text you later,” he tossed over, just to assure her he wasn’t mad. Jan, the absolute angel, let him be.
Tony shrugs. "I never said I didn't get why Rogers and the others were skittish. It was a shit move Ross and the Security Council pulled on us, but even then-"
"And if Harry Osborn can't turn it around in a year, then maybe we'll talk about it," Tony says, measured. "It's his father's company, Pep. His family's. I'm not taking that away from the kid."
Barnes snorts, the corners of his lips curving up. A weight lifts off Tony's shoulders that he didn't even realize was there. This is a good note to end on. This is a door closing; now one of them has to open the next.
"I'm not the hold up here," Tony says snottily as they traipse out into the hallway. It's hard to remember that he can't lean on Rhodey the way he used to. "Hey," he tells them. "We should take Lukin's deal. Sharon Carter? I think it might be good for us."
"No," she says slowly, her eyes darting away. A pause, and then she sort of shakes herself, sucking in an irritated breath. "That wasn't why I came here, anyway."
"Kamala Khan says everything that comes into her brain, doesn't she?" Tony asks with a roll of his eyes. "Yes, good eyes, Nat. This isn't the armor."
"When Sergeant Barnes was first taken into custody, there was an offer on the table to extradite him to the United States-" There is a ripple of disquiet and Tony speaks louder. "-where he could receive the best psychiatric care. I have developed a technology that can assist him in this, you might have seen the video of my demonstration at MIT. But I'm saying again, Rep, this is not what we're arguing here. This is about Barnes' past, not his future, and Barnes is innocent. I'm hoping the courts will see this as well."
"We have," Sharon agrees mildly. "She and Tony showed me up when taking down Bucky Barnes. I was a bit surprised to hear you defending him like that today, Tony. Ignoring the Winter Soldier's previous activities, I don't remember you being one to shrug off being shot in the face like it's nothing."
Peter is speechless, gaping at both the phone and Tony. "I - I - of course, Mr. Stark - Tony! I mean, you can trust me, I swear!"
Today. He'll tell them today and tomorrow they'll be out there, making a difference again. Helping. Steve has always only wanted to help people.
Maria whispers in his other ear, forty years back leaping forward, Mama finding him the shadows of her big party. The right word in the right place solves everything, Antonio.
,'" Rhodey paraphrases with a derisive snort, handing the letter to Vision, who dutifully reads it in about five seconds. "I like that he puts the responsibility of accepting his choice on you."
The line crackles back to life and Tony unmutes it. On the other end the commander is furious. "You said you would keep your distance! Is this how the Avengers treat agreements?"
"He's her brother! He was in the Middle East when the bomb struck, he's been trying to get back for weeks. He's on the next flight in to JFK. Should I - should we call him? He probably thinks his whole family is dead."
"You didn't kill them," Tony says, and it comes out hoarse, forced. He figures if Barnes wants his absolution now, Tony can grant it to him. It will be true for him eventually.
"I just." Peter wipes furiously at his eyes, over and over, until he can trust his voice again. "I just don't know what else I could've done. He had to go to jail, he had to. But that should've been it, you know? He could've gotten better, and maybe gotten out someday and be Mr. Osborn again. But we put him in there and he died and now Harry's dad is dead and it's-"
"If a cop screws up and they're under good command, their actions get investigated. It's the same here. You're still helping, Peter. You sign the Accords, you do all that legally. Something happens, you have the rest of us and a UN council to back you up. I can't promise it'll be like it was before, and you'll have to attend mandatory training and psych evals-"
"Dagger, Cloak, fan out and take out any stragglers. Falcon, keep to the walkways, you've got eyes in the skies. I'm heading towards the vault." Steve snaps a hand out to catch the hardlight shield Fury had given him - Starktech, hadn't that been a kick in the teeth - and steps over the fallen body of the soldier he's just incapacitated. His team mutters their agreement over the comms, separating.
He knows he's dreaming, because his body can still feel Rhodey beside it, breathing steadily. He'd sat down that night with a bottle of bad vodka and said "Alright, platypus, let's talk." And he had. His throat is still hoarse from talking for hours with his best friend about everything that has passed. His eyes are still stinging at the corners, because he doesn't cry, but Rhodey is the only person with whom he'll let himself get close to tears.
She's only been awake for two days now, and Tony, between Clint and Stark Industries and Donnie, is one of the last people she's gotten to meet.
But the world doesn't get any more of Tony's pain and they can't handle any more of Bucky's. "Seems to me you owe me, Ty."
Rhodey stares hard at him. "That an implication that you will later, Stark?" Tony doesn't look back as he nods. Rhodey waves his hand in his face to get his attention the curls three fingers and a thumb down. Tony gapes.
Natasha's head is in her hands. "No, sir, they are not. Would you still except our offer of non-enhanced aid? Black Widow and Black Panther can be there in minutes."
"Can't avoid the news, though." Peter's voice is so heavy for someone so young. "You look like her, you know? Your mom." Tony's hand clenches down spasmodically as tears well up fresh in his eyes and he can't do anything but nod.
Until Tony looks over, huffs, and says “fucking metaphors.” Steve frowns, puzzled until he follows Tony’s gaze to an old building - the insurance-cum-cellphone company. It was obviously damaged in the last attack; it’s covered in scaffolding and a large sign that says ‘UNDER CONSTRUCTION; REOPENING SOON.’
"They don't deserve Wakanda," T'Challa shoots back, but his voice lacks heat. "They have had a certain degree of freedom with me. Your Wanda is taking classes at our university. Scott Lang's skill in engineering has not gone to waste and Mr. Wilson has picked up our language at an astounding pace. I have sparred with Captain Rogers many times...he is a good man. I do not relish the thought of taking away their freedom."
"And it's not your fault," Tony says. "I get it, kid, I do, believe me. It feels like you missed something, but you didn't. There is nothing else you could've done. You were Spider-Man, you saved the day, you did exactly what you have charged yourself to do. You didn't let anyone down. You are not responsible for what happened to him. Come on, say it to me. I don't mind if you don't believe it yet, kid, just say it out loud, at least once. For yourself. It wasn't your fault."
The silence hangs. He wants to fidget, move, do something to cover up his words and this moment but Natasha beats him to it.
And besides: he's the only person left in the world who really knew either of his parents. This is what they would have wanted. And
“He said he had a brilliant plan, yes?” he mumbled. “The man shoots fire out of those gauntlets. It is hard to say no to that.”
They all stand when the director gets up to leave, even Tony who's glad of it when Fury stops in front of him. "I know that you don't want to hear it," Fury says gravely, and Tony tucks his chin to his chest. "But you were young, and Agent Carter had to split the difference between loving you and doing what was right for everyone else. Now matter how unfair it is, we really were trying to protect you, Mr. Stark."
"One and only," Fury says, turning to Sam and Steve. "We've got your rooms ready; settle in for the night and be ready for debrief in the morning, 0800. No arguments, Captain."
"Mr. Khan," Tony says, standing and stepping aside. "I'm Tony Stark. Kamala should be coming around anytime now."
When I needed him he was there. Just because we disagree on the Accords doesn't mean everything between us has to be over. Nat said he's working pretty hard on making them better but he broke them to come help me.
"It was better that way. No secret stays buried, and if those Soldiers were found out they wouldn't either. Someone will always be after that serum, Mr. Stark, surely you realize that. The world doesn't need more super soldiers. The two we do have have done more than enough." For good or for bad he doesn't clarify. Everett Ross, from his history, has no strong feelings either way for Captain America, not surprising from a foreigner and from someone brought up during America's fight in Vietnam when Captain America's good name was worth less than dirt. Perhaps that's what makes him so suited to this job.
Everyone's group date to POTO will be in the next chapter I promise. (Yes, I know Barnes' serum is not Steve's serum but where do you think Howard got his start since Steve's blood was destroyed? Nazis, that's where.) (I don't actually watch Agent Carter.)
"Stay here," he orders her. She pouts and with the pink lipstick she insists on spackling on that somehow never smears, it comes off more obscene than anything else.
Tony is doing the best he can, along with the help of Colonel Rhodes, Agent Romanov, and King T'Challa. That will have to suffice for now.
Joseph came home the next morning, took one look at the new mark on his son’s wrist and went pale, and disappeared again.
"I mean, you read the news, right? Osborn's dead. And I wouldn't normally make a fuss, one more insane person in the world is no skin off my back, but it's suspicious, is all. I recently received some information about some of his dealings and they were...untoward, to put it mildly."
"Time for Iron Man to change the game, then," Tony decides, stepping into the machine and letting the Mark II assemble around him. "I hear the Raft is nice this time of year. Cap's going to be insufferable."
"It does make things easier," Sam quips as he scuttles back a few feet. Sure enough, not ten seconds later a speck of black appears in the air that expands outwards to stretch five feet across and at least seven feet high. Cloak and Fury step out of the inky blackness and Cloak waits patiently for Shuri's go-ahead before closing the portal behind him with a swish of his wrist.
Donnie scoffs. "This has nothing to do with you, Tony. I can do it just fine on my own." Maybe he expects Tony to say something asinine back, like 'prove it' or 'sure you can, kid,' and maybe if Tony were actually twelve he would do that, but instead Tony just holds the band up higher.
"It could be chaos, though. We do this and every kid with even a pinch of moxie is trying to take down every maniac across America. It could turn into vigilante season in a second. Not to mention," he says, thinking out loud. "Any more superheroes and New York might have kittens."
"Really? You, Bruce Banner, the Hulk, you of all people are completely okay with super-powered people going wherever they please, doing whatever they want,
Immediately after Rhodey's fall, though, it was a trial for his friend just to make it to his elevator to get to the fourth floor. So Tony tore out some conference rooms and cobbled together a suite for the both of them. "Just like college," he crowed when he showed Rhodey, trying and failing to keep his hands from hovering at the other man's elbows while he traipsed unsteadily around on his braces.
History stuff with Buck: I know it's not accurate, but history class isn't exactly accurate nowadays and 1920's America would A) not have nearly the amount or dissemination of information on hand and B) in this AU, history, art, culture is dominated by the sanctity of soulmates. So...everything's a bit skewed. Achilles and Patroclus are 100% validated because they are soulmates, whereas Brutus and Caesar are...both validated and villified. For the record, in this AU, Brutus and Caesar are the first real official recording of 'second soulmates' and of course, go catastrophically off the rails. Their peers did not, of course, attribute this to the political and social climate, but because Brutus and Caesar had two names and were therefore incomplete or 'broken' and weak men, and thus began a snowball effect that ruined the lives of thousands over the next few centuries. This is not necessary to the understanding of the story, I just like to blather endlessly.
"It wasn't about Ross!" Tony snaps. "Ross was just a messenger, a harbinger, Bruce, of things to come. It had nothing to do with Ross and everything to do with the fact that two thirds of the United Nations wanted a little transparency from the rogue vigilante group wandering around destroying cities. After Lagos, Sokovia, Washington,
“I don’t think I want to,” he answers. “But I - I have to say it, okay? I did love you. I do, still. I always will.”
Natasha's face is a careful mask of blankness, her voice as gentle as can be. "Bucky was brainwashed by HYDRA for years, Tony."
Pepper lays her forehead in between his shoulder blades. The heart necklace falls from her shirt and hits his spine; he can hear the pieces clinking together and his chest throbs in response.
"I can look after myself," Wanda grumbles, but she graces T'Challa with one of her rare smiles. "My magic versus his claws? Who knows, Steve, I may end up looking after him."
Every time he does something. Sometimes it's violent, he takes Tony out before the other man can move. Sometimes it's not, and he explains everything. Sometimes he says 'I'm sorry.'
Tony watches as he carefully doesn't step where he thinks the caskets might be. "This is them. 'S been them for twenty five years."
Rhodey and Hope can't possibly know what he means, but they cannot mistake the smiles Natasha and Clint fight back.
“Captain America needs his shield,” Tony finished softly. “And I thought – well, you haven’t lost everything, see?”
"No, you definitely paralyzed her," Steve replies, looking through the window and watching the woman drowsing inside. Her spinal cord had been completely severed from Diamondback's shuriken. "But I'm more likely to get in trouble than you are."
Steve reaches for his phone when he's gone, and types out a message - not to Natasha, but the email that's been sending him the information. He hopes they all see it. He hopes they see it for what it is.
"What I usually do," Steve remarks. "The truth." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone, thumbing through the data that Natasha has sent him. Evidence of HYDRA's experimentation with Terrigen, proof that there is pieces of the super soldier serum in the formula, documentation of where Terrigen keeps failing in the body, how every iteration, every infection, has been subtly different. "Although in this case, I'll settle for corroboration. You wanted my blood, but the serum's already in the terrigen samples we've studied."
"Steve's way home is that much easier," Barnes finishes for him, and Tony's teeth hurt from how hard they click together.
"Even if its not Fury, can we afford to let whoever Cloak is working for wander around wreaking havoc? There are bigger things at work here, Wanda, and we can't be left in the dark again. We need to know what they are."
"I'm afraid it's not any more exciting than whatever you've read, sir," Natasha finally breaks her silence. "The team had a sharp ideological difference regarding the Accords that was exacerbated by Helmut Zemo's plot to frame the Winter Soldier for the United Nations bombing. We tried to detain the other members at the airport when they attempted to escape. We were unsuccessful due to my letting Captain America leave with the Winter Soldier. The others are now fugitives from the law after breaking out of the Raft."
Steve smiled at her, always shy under praise, because he never received enough of it. “Bucky’ll be happy,” he said. “I think. He doesn’t have his name yet.”
(Tony remembers Afghanistan, how he could never let a stutter or a stumble sit. 'What was that, Stark?' Aasif had taunted, poking at his shoulder with a heavy set of tongs. 'What was that, no, tell me, I want to hear this.' Never leave a lie half-done. It was a weakness and an invitation. Always finish the sentence. Tony can only imagine what happened to Barnes if he hesitated.)
But James Barnes is no wilting CEO. "Is that flattery or accusation?" Tony quips, smoothing down his tie as he takes a seat.
"Iron Man!" And Tony pauses at this last voice, halting in his endless push through the reporters so he can at least get Cage, Jones, and Daredevil inside Stark Tower. This voice is smaller, younger, and hopeful. He turns.
And Tony, looking at this man, is incapable of lying to him. About anything, he realizes, rewinding the conversation. "No," he whispers. "It will not."
He is working in his lab when FRIDAY announces a visitor and he hears a feminine gasp. Knowing that in no way would that sound ever leave Natasha willingly, Tony whips around only to find Kamala Khan nearly skipping around a curious You.
Joseph looked at her like that once; before the War, before he changed, when he found comfort in her arms instead of drowning out the shadows of his mind with the drink.   She took Steve’s hand in her own, Joseph Rogers’ name parallel to Bucky Barnes', needing him to understand her. “That's right, sweetheart. Forever. But you have to care for it, make sure it grows as strong as you are."
I don't know who gave first: me or Tony, or neither of us and we all got played, but I never wanted that. I wanted the team, fighting together against the threats others couldn't defeat, holding the line. I told them, once, that we'd fight together and we'd die together and I thought that he heard me, understood."
"Wanda." His voice creaks; he swallows. He finds himself cataloging her appearance, nonsensical things like does she still have all her limbs and is she eating enough and are her clothes in a good state. All the things that Vision will want to know. All the things he's worried about, when he's let himself worry about her. "You're alright."
Bucky rubbed his back lightly and, quick as lightning, dropped a kiss on his cheek. He had started doing that recently; like the last dozen times, it nearly made Steve's heart beat out of his chest. The older boy pulled away and looped his arm around Steve's shoulders, setting them to a walk again. "I'll be your Bucky any day. My Stevie," he crooned.
, his father used to tell him, handing back the little machine a small Tony had proudly brought to the lab, now all fixed and modified to Howard's expectations. But they weren't good as new. They were
. "Then I'm getting it. The victims of the Winter Soldier are not the only ones who suffered. James Barnes is just as much a victim as we are. He wasn't himself-"
“Aye, sleeping, like always. He’ll get his rest tonight, and then tomorrow, then what? Will it be the lungs or the legs this time? Rest won’t fix what ails him. You’ve coddled him too much.
Barnes' face tightens momentarily before easing. "Why is," he clarifies. "Any of this coming from you? I-" he chokes on whatever he's saying next, and Tony can nearly see him change the direction of the conversation. "-am the last person you should...be considering."
"Tony, I am not doing this just for Sergeant Barnes." T'Challa approaches him cautiously, and the hand he lays on Tony's shoulder shakes a little, just at the fingertips. "I know you won't lash out. Most likely," he amends, but its almost teasing and Tony feels his lips quirk upwards. "I am...concerned for you. This won't be easy."
"No!" Steve burst out. "He's a hero, a good man that I believe can be great. Tony just...gets...carried away sometimes. Like the whole world was broken until he came along to fix it and he's the only one who can do it. It - it makes me so angry! He'd give up everything good about himself just to be that much smarter or faster when he
"So it can be like you?" Tony can remember with perfect clarity the sneer that matched that voice. "What will it be without you?"
He goes back to the formula, in the middle of the night. Stares at it, writes it down in his own handwriting to see if that triggers something, stares some more. He knows this. No one can piece together Erskine's original notes to create the original serum and besides that, no one can replicate the Vita-Beams pod his dad made.
Years later, Tony will be playing with his own AA chip, and I will feel the old urge those memories always stir in me and pull him close. I will wrap my hand around his and we will hold the chip together.
"Not everyone can be you, huh, Stevie?" Bucky said, a quirk in his brow. It was teasing, mostly, but it had taken two more years after Steve's name came in for Bucky's to solidify and it was still a sore spot some days. Everyone said that the longer it took for a person's mark to come in, the weaker a person was, but Steve knew Bucky. There was nothing weak about him. Nothing weak about Arnie, either, and Tommy Walcott deserved a good thumping for implying otherwise.
“My Steve – my Steve said that the Avengers would always come for each other if they were in trouble,” Tony stammered out. “Yours will find you. Just – be patient, right?”
Jan turned to Steve, staring down at his shaking fist. "How could he even suggest..." he choked out.
I thought I was protecting him. I was only protecting myself I realize that now and I've told him how sorry I am about that. It was a mistake.
"Wow. What ringing endorsement. I'm gonna have FRIDAY investigate him anyway. In the meantime, you want to head into New York with me?" Tony asks, slipping on his sunglasses so he can start reading the information FRIDAY's already pulling on General Lukin. "I found out who got the video onto TV."
"T'Challa," he says lowly, turning to the king watching them all impassively. He steps forward, digs into his bag, and pulls out the copy of the Accords he has not let go of for days. It seems even heavier now than when he first received it, laden down with his notes and drawings or, if Steve was Sam, his regrets and worries. "Can you make sure this gets to him?"
He pauses on the ramp, his eyes staring at Spider-Man re-entering the scene, fighting with the masked, green figure. Peter's still weak on his left side. Peter might lose.
He shakes himself hard and glares at the ceiling. "That's not helping. Don't talk to me, okay? Just - I don't want to know you're there."
"We will present our case at the next meeting." T'Challa's face is as bright as Tony has ever seen it. "I believe we are close."
"For the record: it was yours. It was your fault," Tony snarks, but otherwise does as bid with fingers he can't feel, and watches as Howard unscrews the pieces holding James Buchanan Barnes' head together. The Winter Soldier fall apart underneath him, and his fingerprints are seared into the parts he casts aside. Cerebellum, brainstem, occipital lobe, glowing with a sicky blue pulse of light. Finally, Howard tugs loose the amygdala, and dumps it into Tony's hands.
He let his gaze slide to Pepper and smiled. "Just Steve is fine." Pepper obligingly greeted him again, first name only this time, but Steve had already turned back to Tony, shifting from one foot to another before he caught himself.
"Maybe they can ask Rose Tyler," Tony murmurs. At Rhodey's frown he just shrugs. "Bomb guy. Kept talking about a Doctor. Look, yeah, we'll tell Coulson."
Howard hisses. Tony is eight years old and his hand is so small around the stylus as he carves the formula for terrigenesis into the dirt floors of a cave in Afghanistan. There is a sharp pain at the back of his head and his whole body lurches forward.
Until: "I hate them both," Natasha remarked. Jan held out her hand for a high-five that Natasha gave instantly. "My patrol's not for two more hours, you want to hit up the new club or chase after Tony?"
He just shrugs and turns back to their team on the other side of the glass, noticing Vision vastly outpacing Spider-Man now. Clint and Hope have gotten distracted by the other three's antics and Clint is yelling something and Tony watches, a wince crawling up his spine, as Peter webs himself from one corner to another before banking hard on his injured shoulder to avoid one of Vision's blasts.
"Well," Tony says, blank for a moment, then he grins. "The world's a busy place, Secretary Lukin. No doubt they can pull off both."
If Coulson is intimidated, he doesn't show it. "We don't want anything but for him to get better. However, Donald Gill is a powerful Inhuman with a traumatic past and like you said, Mr. Stark, you're a busy man. We want to make the healing process as smooth as possible."
If you're thinking, wow that's a lot of plot threads, I promise some of them will wrapping together/up very soon.
Night was beginning to fall. Movie night would start soon, he thought bitterly. He wondered if Stark had rigged up some robots to make genuine lazer effects light he had for that Star War film. Fury had thrown a fit.
Hope watches him for a response, but Tony stays silent, thinking. She's just taken it to a much grander scale than he's been thinking of, though he should've been, dammit. Wanda had worked well in isolation, especially with Pietro gone, and maybe that had made them all complacent, but kids like Kamala and Peter (and no doubt about it, there would be more kids like them) would wilt and die out here. And living out here has basically forced them all into a life that is all superhero, all the time. Great for bringing the team together, not as beneficial for actually staying sane.
Also, my version of the Accords, which I freely admit are bullshit: The Avengers Initiative as a whole has a general charter of rules that must be followed. No going into countries without express permission, no actions taken without UN approval, etc. The second one I mentioned is what's giving Tony and the Avengers fits right now and what they'll try to fix because it's too broad and is severely limiting. Each member has individual 'contracts' under the Accords that actually sort of work out like they are employees of the Avengers Initiative, that answers to the council. This contains more detailed rules personalized to every member to allow their continued operation SO LONG AS they don't violate the charter. If they do, it must be expressly written why (i.e. T'Challa's free movement clause in his own country). Changing the contracts requires negotiation, but not nearly as much as changing the charter. Tony and Rhodes violated the charter. I am probably misusing all these terms.
"I don't," he tells her bluntly. "But we can't change the past." He meets her eyes steadily as they widen then narrow. Still, she remains quiet, listening. They all are, he realizes; even Cloak is looking up at him. "What we can change is the future, and we already have; how many women like you aren't going to fall into her hands? But this-" he points towards his phone. "This was only the tip of the iceberg. A distraction from the real threat. I'm willing to bet that HYDRA was ecstatic to know that Sarkissian was out there running around, taking the unloyal along with her, distracting us. We could do their dirty work for them, while they focused on Terrigenesis and the Avengers. It wasn't just two birds with one stone, it was a whole damn flock." He breathes out a frustrated breath, shaking his head when Sam opens his mouth.
"I think you're overestimating my commitment to your cause," Steve remarks dryly, although the truth is if Fury does make a move towards Diamondback, he will step in. No matter what she says, part of it is his fault for not watching her better.
"Don't push it." Tony lets his arms be draped over Rhodey's shoulder and they shuffle step-by-step to Tony's room. "Tony," Rhodey says, and he hums in acknowledgement. "Your brain is a dick, and your dad was an even bigger one. Don't let them get to you, alright? We need you in top shape. All of us."
The simulation plays two scenarios - if the dam is applied at the first word, or the last three. In both, the brain activity drops down,
"I see I was not missed," T'Challa says, raising one eyebrow. He turns and begins walking down the sidewalk without waiting for Tony, who splutters for a moment before grudgingly following him. "I was expecting a report on what happened. None were received."
"Will you come with me? To see him? He could probably use the company." After Tony's parents died he spent two days straight curled under his father's desk at SI because it was fucking New Years' and that was the one place that nobody would look for him, besides. Nobody but Rhodey, who dragged him out and threw away the whiskey and flew him out to Philadelphia to detox at his parents' house. He gained three pounds in a week eating Mrs. Rhodes' cooking. They fussed and fussed and he hated it, every second of it, because his mother would have never done that for him and
"HYDRA programmed a trigger into Mr. Gill. Code words that would set him off." A chill slips down Tony's spine as Coulson explains, and he can't help staring at Blizzard even when he sees the kid start to freak out. A new Bucky Barnes to torment him. "The technology that you showed at MIT - we believe it can help undo the programming."
"Ah. The hand-holding is mutual, then. Got it," Gamora said, raising her hands in peace when Steve opened his mouth again. "Last I saw he was with Rocket and Quill at the
The rooms falls silent as Kamala adamantly refuses to meet their eyes and Tony focuses on the table. Beside him, Rhodey shifts in his seat. "Well," he begins, and when they both look at him he is wearing a large, sly grin. "I think that sounds like a great idea, Kamala. Any idea what you want to do? Tony sort of owns the world, so he can get you anything."
"This isn't your world," Steve repeated. He pushed the water glass closer and Tony took a few more sips, watching him all the while. "It's a different universe. You somehow got lost in the Time Fog, but it will take you back."
"If you say red and gold I will 'accidentally' roll over your toes for the next month," Rhodey says, all air quotes and dry sarcasm. He levels Tony with a frank look. "Tony."
She's smart; it only takes her a second to put it together, and sure enough, there is The Smug radiating off of her, but it's sweetened by an undeniable air of relief and affection. "One that can perhaps be downloaded to a smartphone," she surmises.
"Really?" Ross sneers. "And was the council informed of your penchant for letting your friends slip through your fingers?"
It grows, slowly, over time. The picture forms of them, together, a team and a family, together. He wants them to stay, he realizes fiercely. He doesn’t want to be alone. He dreams about loses them, about waking up in a world without the ones he loves all over again. He’d do anything to stop that. Anything not to live through it again.
Tony understands. Legacy is a powerful thing. They meet each other's eyes across the table and for a moment everything is very still. Then Tony breaks it, looking to the side with a shrug. "Report to Agent Romanov tomorrow morning for training. She'll assess your skills and we'll go from there. Welcome to the Avengers, Wasp."
Steve leans back in his chair. He's been played by Fury before. He's probably being played right now. Fury said all the right things during that phone call, subtly pressing all of Steve's buttons even as he pretended to berate him. But if this is anything like before, Steve can't just sit back and let it happen to him; he has to act. Tony's not the only one who knows about working from the inside.
But it's just screaming in his head, no melody, just the sound of Bucky's fist hitting Howard's face, the sound of Tony's fist hitting Bucky's.
Rhodey huffs out a soft laugh as they watch the two boys. Yesterday's experiment failed and Donald was triggered into a near catatonic state. Tony couldn't even tell, watching him right now, playing with Peter. "Kids are dumb."
"You're very astute," she says drily. She presses something in her hand and suddenly there is a canvas bag in her hands. Out of it she pulls two sheets of paper and what looks like a copy of the Accords. "I saw what you did for Clint Barton and I'm here to make a deal. You're going to get Scott Lang out of whatever hellhole he's in and back to his family."
Tony narrows his eyes, shrugs. "Nothing hurts more than the truth." Barnes' flinches a little, and they both can't look at each other suddenly.
"-and if she's as smart as me then she's good enough to fool Lukin. Maybe we should accept his liaison offer. If Agent Carter is running some sort of con on Lukin, for whatever reason, then we need to know about it. We need her to trust us more than she suspects him."
Tony knows he should be honest since Vision was, but he can't. There are some things he still needs to hold close. "You know, I'd really just settle for not dreaming about snow."
"I realize that the Avengers are split apart right now," he begins carefully. "But we're fighting the same enemy. I informed Agent Romanov of how the last mission went down and she and I have both been wondering why you've been working both teams separately."
"Not on your life," Cloak mutters. He shares none of his partner's tolerance for their team's erstwhile criminal element.
Tony knew that voice. Tony knew those eyes. As man’s eyes narrowed and he growled out “you’re not Tony,” Tony himself was scrabbling away on hands and feet with a small, squeaky “Steve?”
He walked towards the Fog almost as if in a trance and Steve hurried after him. “Hey, wait! People don’t go back in there, just wait until I can get Professor Pym or-“
Steven shrugged, sheathing his sword. It had been a good fight; their kingdom protected and King Arthur triumphant against the evil that had threatened its borders. He was never one to dream of battle, only to do what was right. To be a Knight of the Round Table was to be fulfilled completely, for Steve. “You know me, James. I can do this all day.”
Natasha’s sneer ticked up a notch. Steve was newly defrosted and lonely; Tony should know better. Be better.
He was with Donnie and Rhodey in the lab when they first heard the screams; the kid is pressed tightly to the corner, sunken into a half-crouch, while Rhodey hovers anxiously at the foot of the bed, holding one of Kamala's ankles in a soft grip. Kamala quiets down to a whimper, her limbs slowly retracting as her eyes slip closed, and Tony sets up the necessary regiment of drugs to keep her in a coma while he wipes his face clean.
"If we could use it," Tony says, a last ditch that should have been the first thing to occur to him and he couldn't hate himself more. "To find a cure for Terrigenesis. Not everyone is as lucky as Kamala." He sees Bruce's head lift.
“Okay,” Jan said. “I know. Just, maybe, next time, ask him? Steve’s out of his depth here, Tony, he’s not used to any of this, and Fury just threw him in and told him to play leader-“
This, if possible, makes it worse. "You've let them take over everything, haven't you, Stark! I never thought I'd see you play lap-dog but I shouldn't be surprised, should I? You always were a little bitch."
“He’s just trying to help,” Jan said, always defensive of her best friend. “He wants Steve to fit in here.”
"Silent treatment, real mature," is Tony's opening salvo. Nat shoots him an exasperated glance and he barrels forward. "Listen, Barton, I like being here as much as you do, so let's get this over quick: you're going to trial. You broke an international law ratified by the United fucking Nations and you helped blow up a German airport. It's not looking good."
"If you think that the Winter Soldier wasn't always part of the Asset, then you are a fool," Madame Hydra says coldly. "The war made a killer out of him before we ever touched him." Steve shakes his head, nearly vibrating with fury that this woman, this monster dare talk about Bucky like that. "I did not come to argue with you about the Asset. He is a relic of the past, and the future is very close now, Captain. Do you know what this is?" She gestures at the bomb in the middle of the room.
The man's face crumpled. "Oh, Sheriff, you do know how to hit a man where it hurts. I guess I owe you one, though. I promise - to do my best. I might could do better, but then you'll have to bargain and I warn you I used to be a hell of a salesman."
Ty leaned back, looking Tony in the eye and smiling at what he found there. "You see?  The rest of us have love hardwired into our DNA, chained to a bunch of letters, but not you. You could do anything. You're completely free, Tony Stark. Quite frankly, I'm jealous."
He doesn't sound sure and for a moment, Tony can't figure out what he means, until it occurs to him that with the two of them, there are very few 'befores.' His temper, already fragile, gets the better of him. "What the hell do you know.
"Yeah," Bucky replies firmly. He takes a deep breath like he has to gather himself for his next words. "And I meant it,
He throws himself into a room and the door hisses shut behind him. It is dark here, and cold, he's trapped and there is something dangerous out there waiting for him. They've been so stupid, coming out here like this, unprepared. He'll be better, he promises to the God he's not sure hears him anymore, he'll be better if He just helps them survive this.
working together, Widow," he tells her, voice hard, and her expression shuts down and smooths away. "If Rogers wants to help, he's more than welcome. I'm leaving everything up to your discretion."
Tony slips into Kamala's room, closing the door softly behind him. "I'm hiding out with you," he whispers to the sleeping girl. "I think Laura might actually kill Clint, and they can't put me down as an accessory if I wasn't there."
Maybe, Jan thought a bit desperately, revising her earlier opinion, maybe they’d just restrict them to bro-nods and manly grunts whenever they crossed paths. “Tony,” she said quietly, just a hint of admonishment in her tone, as she reached her best friend’s side. Tony looked down at her, the fight in him draining just a bit, and then looked back up at Steve-
Look, don't kill me. The fact is, the Bucky/Tony conversation is giving me fits and is incredibly hard to write and this chapter is already so long.
"Everett Ross is a direct man," T'Challa says, caught out now and still smug. "He required a direct approach, which I used to great success to get Romanov into to see Zemo. You, my friend, require a bit more subterfuge."
They've both missed a lot. He hopes they both get to find whatever it is, and if they're lucky, maybe they can do it together, but they'll never get there if Bucky doesn't take this chance.
Fury nods, pulling his phone out and flicking it so the information is projected all around the room. Rogue HYDRA cells, of course, are dropping these bombs all over the place, trying to make more Inhumans and recruit them to the cause. Tony thinks of Donnie, who got through most of his triggers today without much struggle, and Kamala's dead parents, and wants to vomit. Instead he lets Natasha and Rhodey take the lead, promising Fury full cooperation when they get the UN council's go ahead.
"The things I saw, they were fit to drown me, so I guess I tried to beat them to it. I got drunk every night. I was your constant disappointment, Rogers; I didn't want to be. And then Fisk and his boys came with their guns and you stood in the street and called out for us
Tony marched forward, intent on getting around him. "I'm gonna burn the stupid thing, what else?" He reached out, ready to snatch it up, when Tiberius caught him, one hand after the other. "Let go!"
“I’ve been Captain America for three years,” Steve said defensively. “I was in the Army, I fought in the war, I lead my men to the best of my abilities – and as well as any other Captain America.”
More handshakes and nods and Lukin and Carter leave them on the outskirts of the tarmac. Vision watches them go, head tilted to the side, before turning to Tony. "I am still learning about human behavior but that was...weird, was it not?"
"There is already much to attend to," T'Challa tells Natasha. Tony watches as she pulls herself together, figuring out how to wear the burden of the Avengers all over again. It's a good look on her.
Tony wants to shut it off; he can only imagine how Peter feels, hanging there. Apparently, the madman has similar sympathies, as he drops Peter in the next second. Tony shouts, watching Spider-Man fall end over end through the air until he slings out a web randomly and catches a building, righting himself.
Peter heaves a frustrated breath. "Like, you realize I'm not brain damaged, right? I chose to do all of that. The fight in Germany? The one where I
"Well, you need someone able to herd your army of lawyers," Pepper smirks. "I think they're actually incapable of saying anything to you that isn't 'No, Mr. Stark, sit down, Mr. Stark, please, Mr. Stark, stop antagonizing the judge, Mr. Stark.' Poor things need a translator. Fortunately, I'm an expert in Stark-speak."
"Yeah, well." He rubs the back of his neck. It's been dogging his thoughts, the shadow of an idea, and Steve's drawing had brought it into focus. "It's just - Aamir, he said some things that got me thinking and - the Compound used to hold us and the entirety of Nu-SHIELD, but they're gone now and now ninety percent of it just gathers dust. And we've got the kids. Kamala, Spidey, even Donnie. The Compound's great for training, but it doesn't seem all that conducive to, ah...
Bruce starts working with him and Vision and silence fills the nights once more. Tony dreams that his father pleads for his life as he's trapped in the car, waiting for the Winter Soldier to kill him. Tony dreams that he is in a cell in the raft and he can't move his arms and beyond the bars is his own face, staring back. Tony dreams of falling, falling, falling from a great height.
Tony frowns down at his lap. Lukin has been asking to visit the compound and set up a regular government liaison for the Avengers since the hearing nearly three weeks ago. "I think one constant interloper is more than enough," he mutters.
"And so you lost control." There is not one hint of judgment in Bruce's tone. Well, the man did write the book on losing control.
"And before you get ideas, let me remind you that my blade is currently one centimeter to the right of your spinal cord. Be honest, Viper, and you might just keep your legs," Rachel hisses.
"Better he be lost out there then charging in here, guns blazing, where he is still very much a wanted criminal. I've been working with what I've got with the International Courts, but getting most of the charges dropped against Lang and Barton has made a lot of them more eager to throw the damn book at Rogers."
"Okay, you know how you've always wanted to punch Tiberius Stone in the face? Well, I've got good news."
"Yes," Natasha said, a tiny sparkle of mirth in her eyes from Tony's story dimming as she turns serious again.
Tony stiffens, standing up straight to face this kid head-on. "It's a miracle you got him back then. Last guy that did that took down three Helicarriers on the way."
The Steve, who looked like he could eat Tony’s Steve for breakfast, cocked his head, a smile twitching at his lips that he couldn’t quite smooth away. “You sound like Tony. But you – did I –“ he suddenly looked horrified. “Did I time travel again?”
“Bull,” Steve declares, settling back. “I feel better already.” And yeah, Steve could probably use some mindless chatter right now. A distraction, a past time, until the world starts moving again. Tony stays. He’s has got a million things to do back home, but he stays.
"I am. We've got business to discuss. And...I need to talk to him about his father," Tony admits. "If he knew anything about what was happening, or how the Green Goblin came cackling into existence."
(Feels a bit like breathing again, like waking up from a long fall and Steve's eyes were bright and Steve's hand was over his arc reactor, over his
Steve sometimes has this picture of Fury. The director is sitting at his desk, looming over a puzzle, working on fitting the pieces together. He does so, but the puzzle has no color. No picture. The pieces fit, shoved together, interlocking like they were made to, but the it’s still just a group of pieces. There’s no story. No whole.
"I didn't realize you were in contact with him," Tony says, reaching out with a shaky hand to take the phone. His throat is very dry, something stuck in there he can't swallow around.
"Hope so, it's only been fifteen years. So what are they saying? They're probably more honest with you than they are with me."
It doesn't go perfectly, but it goes. They lose two hostages and it weighs them down like stones, but those saved cling tight and whisper thanks in a language Tony doesn't speak. There is no mistrust or fear here; just the day, mostly saved, and them at the end of it.
In anyone else Tony would say that ran very close to emotional manipulation but this was Pepper - and while she wasn't above emotional manipulation, this was their friendship on the line. And also, she was telling the truth.
The reactor goes out. Tony drops his hands. Everything is red and dark and cold and Steve is so tired. He waits for Tony to speak, because this is his half-dropped cue, the one that Tony always picks up. But Tony stares up at him, so indescribably hurt.
He likes looking at Tony. He likes listening to Tony. He likes watching him work and scheme and laugh and he’s even fond of his irritating lack of filter and the fact that he is allergic to sleep. But he doesn’t love Tony, not like Peggy.
Rhodey always points out smugly, with the good grace not to point out that Tony only got that doctorate after a conversation in which Rhodey successfully managed to confuse him back in '93, because Rhodey is a better person than Tony deserves.
If he's a lab rat, too, then he's definitely the one at the end of the maze pressing the button and getting no cheese.
[DOCUMENTS ATTACHED: HYDRA THREAT ANALYSIS, STARK NOTES 7/16-11/16, BANNER NOTES 9/16-11/16, SYNTHESIS ANALYSIS ON TERRIGEN]
Her face twists, abrupt and sharp and so sad. "Because this isn't Clint, this isn't what he does. He's not a runner, and he doesn't hide. He'll always answer the call."
Tony looks. Bruce has a whole page filled with messy scrawls of compounds and reagents, pointing at a place where sodium oxide most certainly should not have been used, but Tony's eyes catch on the formula just above it. It's familiar, he knows he's seen it somewhere, but he can't place where.
Clint hesitated for a moment, his hands awkwardly in the air, halfway between gripping the barstool and resting on Phil's waist. The gentility of the kiss, the quiet, reassuring contact was so unfamiliar, so quieting, that Clint barely knew how to react. Finally, slowly, his hands landed on their intended target, lightly tangling in his handler's shirt as Clint responded nervously, trying to show Phil the same tenderness. It wasn't something he was used to having or, more, to having receiprocated. After a few moments, he drew away, still feeling jittery from nervous adrenaline. He smiled nonetheless as he drew away, then laughed nervously, feeling his cheeks burn with a blush. "Sorry. I... sorry. Kinda... new territory," he admitted, rubbing the back of his neck as his eyes trailed back up to Phil's. "I'd go for the bedroom, though. Even the bed, if you think I can behave," he added with a faint grin.
Logan's fingers dug into Scott's shoulder before he could stop himself, his back arching a bit as he threw his head back. He growled and moaned as he came, lifting his head in time to watch Scott take the generous load. "Fuck... fuck, Scott," he gasped, trying to keep enough control to not shove his dick completely down Scott's throat. Remembering to be gentle, he loosened his hand on Scott's shoulder.
Scott gratefully took his seat next to Logan and laced their fingers together. He knew that he was being a little clingy, but he couldn't quite shake off the need to have Logan nearby after coming so close to losing the man. "So what kind of place are we going to?"
Steve felt utterly exhausted by the time he made it back upstairs even though it had only been a couple hours of questions, answers and strategy. By SHIELD standards, that was a walk in the park. "Tony?" he called, knocking softly on the man's door for fear of waking him if he'd finally managed to get some sleep.
“And wandering the streets randomly would be safer.” Coulson didn’t allow the words to become a question. There was no question as to the foolishness of the thought process, but he knew Bucky needed to hear it out loud. “Captain Rogers would never forgive me if I let you leave, and we have plenty of tranquilizers and tasers. You’re safer here, and so is the rest of the world. Until we find out how to undo everything Hydra did, you should be here.”
"Among other things," Clint affirmed with a faint grin. He glanced around the bar as he set his beer down. He slid his hand higher up Darien's leg and leaned in, letting his breath waft across the other man's neck. "Also kinda like taking my date into the back room, tying him up, and giving him a nice, slow fuck in the throat... maybe with an audience. Show everyone who you belong to," he purred, his hand sliding to the back of Darien's neck.
"Put to use? You make it sound like you're telling a god what to do." Bruce, unobtrusive as ever, padded into the room with another file in hand. Fury's response was another dubious stare, and Banner rolled his eyes and sighed, putting his file down on the podium. "Agent Coulson, I think you skipped my file. I get it. It was a little complicated." Trying not to look put-out, Bruce addressed the assembled Avengers. "We're seeing spikes in radiation similar to when the Tesseract was floating around out there. Thor's confirmed that it's still under lock and key, so - "
At first Steve felt much the same way. His mouth fell open, and he looked so stereotypically shocked that it was comedic. His first instinct was to say that he was most definitely uncomfortable, but it was a knee jerk reaction. The truth was the more Steve thought about it, the hotter it actually sounded. He had been with men and women, but unlike Tony, he had never been with more than one person at once. After a nervous, silent moment of hesitation, he met Logan's gaze and offered, "I wouldn't mind... if you’re interested." He couldn't help but smile. "Could be fun."
Clint nodded, still scanning for something that would make a decent shelter. "We need to find a place to hunker down until nightfall. You're not supposed to move through the desert in daylight," he pointed out. It had been awhile since he'd been left with absolutely no backup to speak of and had to fend for himself, but he still remembered his training. He gave Phil's hand a squeeze. "I don't think either of us need a tan." He finally sighted a rock jutting out of the ground with a bit of a cave like recess. "Here we go." He let go of Phil's hand long enough to make sure the thing was free of any hungry, angry wildlife before settling under it. It was a good bit cooler than the direct sunlight. He patted the ground next to him. "Have a seat. We've got some time to kill."
Clint swallowed hard, surprised at how much hearing that had hurt. Then, another realization caught up with him. "So, wait..." His voice shook, broke a little, and he took a deep breath. "Wait, you... oh." Phil had feelings for him. And not just the kind that happened below the belt. "Coulson... Phil." He waited until the other man looked at him and wished absently that he still had the empty mug to play with since his hands were fidgeting stupidly, and he didn’t want to spill the coffee. "Phil, I had no idea." He worried his bottom lip between his teeth for a moment, looking down at his coffee, taking a sip. As he set the cup back down, he realized he was shaking. He was scared. Not because the idea of dating Coulson sounded scary, but because he knew that he was sitting at a crossroads. One way, he maybe stayed friends with Phil, he kept occasionally fooling around with Nat and anyone else he could find, and hated himself for loving her. Or he tried something different. Something that might completely and totally destroy one of the few friendships he had. Clint scratched at the back of his neck. He could still feel Phil's gaze resting on him. He finally looked up at the other man, blue eyes almost pleading. "Phil... what if I said I needed to change things, that I don't want to love someone who can't love me, but I don't know how to do things any different?"
Scott watched the men leave with a knot his stomach. "Maybe we should just tell them... whatever you know, and... about what I can do. Keeping secrets isn't going to help." And that was even if keeping those secrets was in the slightest bit effective. Scott somehow doubted it would be. SHIELD kept too close an eye on the world for something in their own compound to stay out of sight for long. "I'm not sure we're doing the right thing here. Having the whole picture might make the difference in knowing how to deal with Loki."
Despite the man’s larger bulk, Coulson’s instincts were solid. He brought a knee up into Bucky’s stomach and, when his grip loosened slightly, ducked out of the hold. As he straightened again, Phil brought out a taser and held up a hand. “This thing can take down the big green guy. Now might be the time to think about calming down.” Despite his tie being disheveled from the hold and his posture being tense, Coulson sounded calm in the face of the apparent danger. “Mr. Barnes, I need you to think about what you’re doing right now.”
Loki cursed under his breath but rose. "Come, brother, I suspect we share a suite?" It was going to be a very special day in his personal hell.
Victor smirked at Phil. "I don't remember asking for input," he rumbled, clearly amused. He'd known the two were more than just casual coworkers, but the way Phil was acting... "Since you mean so much to each other, I might just let you take turns."
"Much appreciated, Dr. McCoy," Steve agreed, gritting his teeth as he rose to his knees and tossed his shield toward Pyro, who was steadily advancing on Bobby again. The Brotherhood was definitely dangerous. Steve was beginning to think he didn't care much for Loki's new friends. Speaking of which... He tensed at the sight of Loki squaring off with Clint and Coulson. "Beast, keep our lady friend occupied." He hated to leave the man who'd sprung to his rescue, but Loki was a lot more of a wildcard than even the mutants.
Clint got the car parked and secured, then edged over toward Nat. He kept his hands in his pockets but made a point to stay close nonetheless.
Scott sighed, pleased and relieved. He hadn't realized how tense he'd been until Logan touched him and the ball of fear coiled in his stomach began to unwind. "Sounds good," he agreed with a smile as he walked backwards, leading Logan back to the room and kissing him all the way. It was awkward but well worth the slow pace not to give up the contact. Scott backed into the wall without meaning to and paused there. Beds were overrated, and he didn’t want to tear himself away long enough to adjust his course. He moaned instead and hooked his leg around Logan's hips to remove the unfortunate amount of air still lingering between them.
"And I'm not functional," Steve added. He caught a look of apology on Phil's face and shook his head. "It's not a dig, Agent Coulson, it's the truth. I'm not ready. I'm not in shape. I haven't had to deal with the stuff I'm dealing with since boot camp, and I'm not ready to fight like this. Won't be for a long time, if ever, at least not on the scale that the Avengers are on. I'm not bowing out because it's not like I got hit on the head and forgot everything I know, but I can't be on the ground with you guys the way a leader should be. You need someone who can fight." Though he wasn't sure how it would go over given the man's outburst, Steve still nodded to the man next to him. "What about Stark?"
//A month...?// "I'll help if I can," Logan agreed without another second's hesitation. The two of them didn't get along, but Logan was reasonably sure that Scott would try to help him if the tables were turned. It was hard to  go through hell and back with someone without retaining some sense of respect for them. The idea that Jean would want Logan to help galvanized the decision. "Any leads? Anything I can do?" The idea of bringing Scott back to Xavier in a box didn't sit well with Logan, but he also couldn’t quite figure out why no one from Xavier’s was on teh case to start with.
Tony smiled. He'd heard a lot of compliments, but the way he smelled wasn't usually a top selling point. Still, he could definitely understand. "Same to you," he murmured, all too thrilled to have Steve pressed against him in his - their - own bed. His fingers carded through the blonde's still-damp hair, and he drew a deep breath. "I think I owe Fitz a new centrifuge, or some other ridiculously expensive piece of lab equipment." He was quiet for a moment, and the reality of everything started to sink in. His arms tightened around Steve, and Tony couldn't help it. He started crying, silent sobs wracking his body as he clung to his lover. It was relief and sadness and terror all at once, and Tony couldn't even find words to express it all as it overwhelmed him.
Clint took a deep breath and nodded. "Alright, then." He gave Phil's hand another squeeze under the table, trying to keep the trepidation out of his eyes as they exchanged glances. "Alright, I'll do it. What's another six months in containment, right?"
Scott was glad to be in Logan's room. He'd make sure to eradicate every trace of what had happened with Clint from his later, but for the moment he wanted a clean slate. Logan's room reminded him of those first few days back and the burgeoning realization that he felt safer with Logan than anyone else. "And here you haven't even tasted half of me tonight," Scott teased as he gripped Logan's hips and ground their bodies together. He was still covered with healing bruises himself, and warned quietly, "Just watch the dark spots. I look like a banana that's a couple days over its sale by date right now."
"Is not something you're going to be getting anywhere near anytime soon, Agent Barton," Fury replied, then looked back to the Stark and Banner. "Time for you two to go work some fucking witchcraft. Fitz-Simmons are at your disposal."
Loki read the warring emotions in Tony's face without any great difficulty. "You don't need to look so worried. Even if your compatriots were to swoop in and rescue you, there's no need for them to know any of this." He smiled, his bright blue gaze dancing with amusement. "Our little secret," Loki whispered as he leaned in for another lingering kiss. Stark wanted him, and he didn't want to feel that way. That was fine as long as he didn't let his higher nature talk him out of having a good time. They both needed it in entirely different ways. In one fluid motion, Loki went from sitting next to the man on the bed to climbing onto his lap, arms draped lightly over Stark's shoulders.
"It's okay," Phil assured, "but considering we're supposed to be watching a movie..." He gave Clint a gentle nudge. Natasha was a patient woman, but she would only appreciate them pushing the boundaries so far. Even assassins with the patience of saints could only stand so much. "I don't want her killing you in your sleep. You're so nice and warm."
"Better," the mutant growled, looking up at Coulson as he put his boot in the middle of Barton's back like a prize kill. "Much better, right?" He knelt, straddling Clint's lower back and dragging his claws over Clint's shoulders, leaving more bloody trails and drawing a hiss if pain from the archer. "I think we all like this better, don't we, suit?"
Scott screamed Logan's name as he painted the comforter with his cum and spasmed around Logan's cock. He came so hard it almost hurt. As he descended from the height of pleasure, it did hurt, a gnawing ache that didn't make him regret a single second of the coupling. He could think of nothing to say, and Scott's muscles trembled too much for him to want to move, so he lay panting against the bed with Logan slumped against his back.
Clint paused and gave Phil a wary look. "That was pretty sociopathic. But thanks?" He turned back to the cabinet, jumping slightly to snag the croutons off the back of the top shelf. "Didn't know that being a handler involved feeding the asset, too. Does that mean you also take me for walks?" he wanted to know, plopping the croutons on the counter and dumping the salad mix in the bowl. He started cutting up some baby carrots to go with it. //This'll be the healthiest thing I've eaten in... a year. At least.//
It was Fitz' turn to look stricken and stare at her, both shocked and somewhat amazed-looking as Simmons seemed to finally think better of the tirade. He raised his eyebrows as she stopped and tried to fill in, "What she means to say is that we're working on it. Very hard. We're hoping that using some of the nano technology SHIELD has been working on, we could create something that will help with the fluctuating energy patterns, make something that's adaptable enough to keep it from being able to draw so much from the user, though that... well, it doesn't solve the problem of what it does draw from at that point."
"If you're quite done being ridiculous, I think it's fair to say that none of us want this experience to be unpleasant. Am I wrong?"
Even though they both knew it wasn't strictly true, the words made Coulson smile, and that was all he cared about. It was sweet. Clint was being indulgent, thoughtful, and he was more impressed with that than with anything else. "Well, I'm glad to hear it. You're always welcome. I know I said that before, but it's... well, dating can mean different rules. It doesn't have to with us. I don't want to think of this as starting over from scratch on our friendship. We're finding additional things to do together, not losing any of the ones we have already."
Logan was pretty sure he was still asleep, but the slightly awkward pause of silence didn't get interrupted by any sort of normally land-bound mammals coming through the window. //Well, that rules that out.// He slowly nodded. "Yeah. Uh, you don't haveta sleep on the floor. SHIELD gave me more bed than I need," he said, patting the unused half of the bed beside him. "Just... if I get noisy in my dreams, make sure you get to a safe distance."
Without missing a beat, Clint stood and retrieved his bow and his knife, cutting Darien’s bonds with the knife and putting it away before taking a long, appraising look at SHIELD's latest recruiting target. "The Invisible Man, I presume?" he asked, sounding less than impressed. This guy looked more like a con artist or meth junkie than a superhero. He stayed alert. From what Fury had said, this guy was as likely to flee or fight as he was to join up. But then, that was probably why Fury had sent Hawkeye in the first place: seeing hardened thugs get torn to ribbons by a guy with nothing more than a leather outfit and a bow had a tendency to convince people that running or fighting weren't in their best interests.
The feeling of Steve's body pressed against his back and his lips against Logan’s neck combined with how close Tony was to him was almost enough to make Logan want to just start fucking right there in the garage. Steve had a point, though. There were probably security cameras everywhere in this building, and the last thing Logan wanted was to give long explanations to the guys in charge. "Yeah, got a point," he murmured, tilting his neck a little to give Steve easier access. Logan didn't really move, though, until Tony grabbed his jacket again and started towing him along.
"Of course. Come in, Captain," Scott answered in as business-like a fashion as someone who was barely dressed and obviously freshly awoken could. "Logan?" he called into the other room. "You've got a visitor, and the coffee's almost ready."
Tony had risen from the bed as they spoke. He really wanted to get in the shower, but now his interest was piqued, and he was rarely inclined to let go of things that made him curious. He thought a moment, watching the god. "You're talking about an alliance. Joining the Avengers. I thought you'd talked yourself out of that already." He cocked his head at Loki. "You should probably figure out a plan for that if that's the idea. One that doesn't involve being manipulative, because I'm pretty sure Romanov is better at that game. And probably sooner over later. They may not risk everything to come get my dead body, but I'm pretty sure you've made them mad enough that they'll do whatever it takes to drop that creepy ass hammer of yours right on top of you."
Simmons lingered a bit, selecting a cup and a muffin with a bright smile. "I hope the extra, er, rest helped."
"Fine." Logan wrote the number on a voucher and handed it to J. It was a neutral money drop contact that would let the dirtbag cash in the voucher for the agreed amount.
Clint raised an eyebrow, amused and also surprised that he was being allowed to do anything but sit there with his hands in his lap. "You do realize I'm sorta the 'beer and t-shirts' type. Not overly worried about my taste," he pointed out, but poked at the impressively complicated radio nonetheless. Having a knack for gadgets, Clint managed to find what he was looking for in no time: some good 70s rock. "Nice speakers, too." Clint threw on his shades and tilted his head back, tapping his hand against the car door to the beat. "Thanks for letting me touch."
"Always. Just came off an assignment. I came home to a whole new file. New blood for the team. Welcome." Natasha unfolded herself from the chair, all leather and curves, and smiled when it got a reaction from even Darien. Of course, he looked terrified instead of lustful, but she could work with that too. "I didn't know you'd already taken him for a test drive, but that means he should be easier to deal with.”
In a beat, Phil held a gun that seemingly came from nowhere, and Natasha had taken up a position close to Clint. They worked together with intuitive perfection, and she trusted their ability to take on whatever came their way. "What are you picking up?" Phil pressed Logan as he drew a bit closer to the mutant. His enhanced abilities were giving him a sneak preview of the problem they were about to have. The sooner the rest of them had a full forecast, the better. The fact that Loki hadn't shown himself could either be a good sign - he wasn't ready for a full confrontation, which could mean he also wasn't at full strength for whatever reason - or a bad one. The god was just screwing with them.
Logan scowled at the woman, "So what? Not your problem. Scott deserves to live better." The thought hadn't occurred to Logan, though, that Loki might do something to Scott. //No. If he goes after anyone, it'll be me,// he reassured himself.
Tony stroked his hands over Steve's back and gave him a raised eyebrow. "If I ever say no to that, tell Fury I've been compromised," he decided, pulling Steve down into a hard kiss, his fingers tangling in still-damp blonde locks. They hadn't been apart all that long, but the idea of how tenuous their lives were wasn't lost on Tony, and it fueled his eagerness to reassert their connection.
"Maybe once you get killed by a god once, you're immune from being afraid for you own life." The truth was, Coulson definitely worried a lot more about the people around him than he did himself. The primary reason he regretted his confrontation with Loki was simply that he'd had so little impact on the overall situation. He hadn't saved anyone, he'd only been a poor distraction. "In this case, I trusted them not to kill us. Not necessarily to help us, but not to kill us." He paused. "And I am most definitely not your dad." Despite being old enough to be at least Natasha's father, the last thing Phil needed rattling around his mind was that particular concern paired with his earlier appreciation of Clint changing clothes right next to him. "I'm just someone who wants you to not let your mouth get you killed."
The tension in the conference room was thick as Tony settled in. What was left of their team was already suited up, and Tony looked around at them all, sizing them up before Fury started to talk.
She quirked a smile and inclined her head. "Nothing good. I know you can't stay more than three feet away from each other. I know the look Logan gave you at dinner. I know how angry he was. That suggests his brother. His strong, psychopathic, sadistic brother." She sighed heavily. "What did he do to you?"
By the time he needed to take a breath, Steve’s heart was pounding, and he could barely force himself to stop. It helped that Tony didn’t seem to have a lot more restraint. He wasn’t scared, just smiling and a little breathless himself. Steve rested his forehead against Tony’s. “That is definitely something I could get used to doing on a regular basis… y’know, if you don’t mind.”
Oblivious to the implications of the question and assuming Nat was making small talk, Clint shrugged. "Not much. Had breakfast, checked on the science bros, had lunch with Steve, then caught a stupid 80s movie and fed some ducks," he said. It sounded weirdly normal in his head. The turn the day had taken was business as usual for SHIELD but seemed insane with any thought actually given to it. Clint made a point not to. He also avoided mentioning the fact that he'd slept on Phil's couch due to nightmares.
"Hey, I made my own element. One of these days, I'll even name it. Maybe Starkonium," Tony muttered, poring over some diagrams. He sighed and raked a hand through his hair. "And, you know, enough monkeys, enough typewriters, enough time... but time's the thing."
"Well, we all have our lapses," Tony decided, tugging Steve close for a gentle kiss. As he let go, he finally made himself sit up as well. "And apparently Bruce fiddled with Jarvis and changed my alarm to... hm... off, so either he's really sick of me, or he's feeling unpatriotic, too." Leaning in, he pressed his cheek to Steve's, sighing quietly as his hand trailed over his lover's slender chest and rested on his waist. "I don't wanna go. One of us is going to have to act like a grownup."
"Not quite as much as we'd like. We've found a way to make it play nicely with the arc reactor, but at this point... at this point, there's still no chance of survival. It's a one shot that might hurt Loki but would certainly kill the user," Simmons grumbled. "Which, of course, with Logan is still temporary, but that's... well, it isn't exactly what we want to have happen." She sounded genuinely put out by the idea, but she brightened as she looked over the array of items available for breakfast.
Victor took a moment to appraise Loki's half-bared form. He had none of the bulk one would have predicted on a god, but his lithe, toned body bespoke a different sort of power. He looked ethereally perfect, his pale skin contrasted against the dark cloth of his pants. Deciding it was fair to level the playing field, Victor quickly unfastened his shirt buttons and tossed the garment aside. Fingers tipped with retracted metal claws hooked into Loki's waistband and drew the demi-god closer. His other meaty, powerful hand tangled in Loki's hair and jerked his head back, letting Victor nip at the exposed alabaster skin of Loki's throat. Victor wondered absently if Loki would bleed if he was bitten hard enough, or if he even felt pain in a traditional sense. //Haveta test that in a minute...//
Clint had all but tuned out during Phil's recount of the events, the man's hand in his own the only thing keeping him anchored to reality, keeping him from slipping back to Creed pinning him to the floor... When Phil was done, Fury's words seemed to shake him out of it a little, and he nodded slowly. "Got it, sir," he agreed. Talking with a stranger about what had happened was the last thing he wanted to do, but he wanted to be able to go back into the field, and he knew that was what it would take.
"I've got eyes on it. If we see something like it, we'll know where they are." Scott sounded equally tense, but he obviously wasn't willing to let that keep him from doing what he could. "We're scanning for any matches - facial or otherwise."
Steve set down the box containing his things and looked around the room. It could have passed for the twin of the one he’d been staying in. The only difference was the move to a different floor and the suite he now shared in the suite with Bucky. Steve felt a flutter of nervous excitement at the thought. They hadn’t shared a living space in decades. Or any space, really. In the days since everything went to hell, Steve had tried a dozen times or more to find a moment to talk to Tony, to see if the move was okay with him and if he understood. Instead he’d been met with a wall of silence aided by Jarvis and the unlikely bodyguard of Natasha. She circled Tony protectively and always held up whatever lie Jarvis put forth about Tony being busy with research.
"Not unless I am too." Steve couldn't believe Tony felt the same way and more that he was willing to say so. It was more than he'd dared to hope for. Finally Steve gave Tony's head another kiss and then pointed out, "Your coffee is gonna get cold… and I'm not gonna go anywhere." Casually made though it was, Steve meant the promise with his whole being. Tony had lost too many people in his life. Steve refused to add to that list.
The archer felt as if he should do what Coulson said: shower and sleep. But he didn't want to be alone. Things felt unreal enough, and the idea of being by himself made him feel sure he'd lose his grip on reality completely. He couldn't think of a good reason to keep shadowing the agent, but he couldn't quite bring himself to break away when his turn in the hallway came up, either.
Clint flopped back into the cushy couch and sighed. He could tell that the second he stopped moving he was going to pass out. He grabbed a throw pillow  and started to lay down, then grunted. With Nat and everything else that had gone down, he still hadn't had a chance to put on civilian clothes. "One day, I'll get to wear real people stuff again," he grumbled, unzipping his best and tossing it to the floor with a solid "thud." The archer stretched and yawned, relaxing into the cushions and falling asleep almost the second his eyes were closed.
The pain gradually subsided and Bucky gave a firm shake of his aching head. “No,” he said tremulously, “no, I’m fine…” He tried to sit up but collapsed into Steve’s arms again instead. It was not an unpleasant situation to be in. In fact, it was something Bucky had been longing for ever since he awoke from his long sleep. What disturbed him were the random, nightmarish images that had flashed in his mind during the attack. “I just… saw something… I really wish I hadn’t.”
Clint couldn't help quirk a smile. For all his no-nonsense attitude, Phil was kind of amusing when he was half-asleep. Settling gratefully on the couch, Clint felt the tug of the pain meds again and managed to drift off into a fairly sound sleep.
Tony breathed out a heavy sigh of arousal. "I think... yes," he said with a smirk, then stood, dragging Steve up off the couch with him. "But we'll start with the couch," he decided, pulling the blonde against him. He started working Steve's shirt open, button by button, keeping it slow. "Someday, we're going to have to get you into t-shirts as something more than underwear, because these buttons are great for teasing, but they get pretty frustrating after awhile," Tony pointed out, though he was in fact far from being in a rush.
"You know, I have a plane to catch. You enjoy your mass media oil spill," Clint growled, looking fit to kill as he stalked out. He paused next to Coulson, "Let Fury know I'll head out as soon as I read the new guy's file and get my gear," before he vanished.
"Physically, as well as can be expected." Tony was quiet for a little longer than was comfortable before adding, "He's afraid I'll leave him." He looked up at Coulson, some unreadable emotion behind his expression that even Tony couldn't quite place before quickly looking away again. "He thinks I won't find him attractive if we can't get the serum back in working order." Tony slipped a hand into his pocket and absently fiddled with the wallet, thought on the folded paper inside. "I still love him. I still think he's beautiful." He took a deep breath and shifted uncomfortably, looking back up at Coulson. "Phil, sorry... I... Sorry. Just... I'm just rambling."
Coulson's voice seemed to be coming down a tunnel. Bucky could barely concentrate on anything thanks to the stabbing pain in his head. He was vaguely aware of being moved, which only seemed to exacerbate his condition. Confusion filled his very soul, while an overwhelming instinct to kill everyone around him struggled to take control. "If you... don't get... away from me," Bucky fought to warn Coulson. "I... will... hurt... you..." Although he couldn't control the impulse - let alone understand it - somehow he knew the agent was in serious danger.
Tony gladly obliged, his fingers twisting in the sheets as he gave a throaty moan and arched his back as spots swam before his eyes. "Fuck... fuck yes, baby," he panted, writhing against the mattress. He let the god drive a few more whimpers from him before he finally gave in. "Can... can I face you? I want to be able to see you," he managed even as he shifted back against Loki's hand as if trying to get more of the delicious sensations.
The wounds weren't terrible. He'd had worse. But Tony hadn't experienced anything capable of going through the suit like it was barely even there. Fortunately, the nanomachines had closed up the holes in his helmet the minute the claws were gone. Unfortunately, it did nothing for the holes in him.// I'll have to look into fixing that... if I get the chance.// Thrusters fired wildly as Tony tried to get some sort of advantage, but the claws buried inch-deep in his sides made moving seem like a terrible idea. "Lil' help, Cap?" he rasped as the claws started to saw slowly through him and the armor. He managed to elbow his attacker in the head, but it sounded more like his elbow had collided with a car than a person. //What the hell is this guy made of? What is he, period?//
They walked steadily toward their destination, Clint making a point to bring up old goof-ups and stories from missions they'd shared and even the rare few they hadn't. He tried to keep it light, funny, anything to distract them from the misery of recent events and the soreness in their bodies. Finally, as they neared the electrical pole Clint had spotted - with the sun just threatening on the horizon - Clint was relieved to catch sight of an actual gas station. "Thank god," he remarked. They picked up the pace a little in anticipation, and it didn't take them long to cover the last three miles.
"After you got all pretty?" Coulson countered dryly. "We approach together, we enter together. We're trying to build good will, not ambush them. I want this to be as above board as we can make it." He knew that the X-Men might not be interested in helping. Engaging the Brotherhood when they attacked was one thing. Being part of an offensive to get an agent they weren't even affiliated with home and safe... well, Coulson could see keeping self preservation in mind. "If they tell us to drop dead, then we smile politely and leave. No arrows to the eyeball."
"Right behind you." Steve climbed into the passenger seat and got comfortable - which wasn't hard considering that the car, like everything else Tony Stark owned, was the best that money could buy. The leather seat fit like a glove, and Steve found himself reflecting on the benefits of being a billionaire. "Nice ride," he allowed with a smile as he looked over the sleek interior. So what did a billionaire playboy genius do when he wasn’t  picking up women or buying fancy cars? "Where to?"
"I might stop being able to stay up three nights in a row," Clint agreed, though he was feeling significantly better. "Glad I finally caught up on my sleep, at least. Sort of, anyway." He frowned, sobering a little. "Guess we've still got a lot of work to do. I just hope that whatever Stark and Banner come up with, they can figure out a way to fix everybody with that hammer." He sipped at his coffee again before muttering, "Maybe we should go check on it," on impulse. //Wait. No. I want to stay the hell away from that thing.// "Or not. Probably not," he amended. "Dumb idea. We can just stay here, drink coffee, talk about merch."
Logan nodded without hesitation. "'Course you can," he said then quirked a suggestive smile. "I'll help you anytime you need it. I'll be here."
"No, not nothing," Loki agreed mildly enough, watching as Tony attempted to find his metaphoric sea legs. The mortal was resilient in a way that was certainly appealing even if he also happened to be one of the most damnably annoying creatures that Loki had yet encountered. "Is that what happened to your companion Coulson, then? The heart I tore to shreds grew back?" It was a curious thing. From everything Loki had seen, such a blow should have killed the man, and quickly. It was mystifying to see him still up and walking and apparently well.
The mere mention of Hydra set something off deep inside of Bucky. It was like touching a raw nerve ending, shocking his system. For a brief moment the dark fog clouding his mind lifted and Bucky was no longer himself. His whole demeanor changed in that instant, his jaw hardening and his body tense with hatred. He leaped from his chair, grabbing Coulson by the throat and slammed him against the nearest wall.
"You're smiling. I'm pretty okay with that as payment. Stark, stop pretending you need the seat and vacate." Coulson gestured to Steve. "He needs it more."
It wasn't hard to fall into the moment with Natasha's curves fitting snugly against him and her lips doing positively sinful things. If he'd experienced even a moment of doubt, the kiss effectively killed them, and Scott leaned into the kiss eagerly.
Tony felt the beginnings of Steve's arousal against him and smiled against the blonde's neck, his own pulse spiking at the catch in Steve's voice. "Definitely. I hear it's unhealthy not to," he said, his voice already thickening as Steve pressed in close against him. His hand slid down to lightly tease the blonde's thickening cock, and Tony couldn't help a soft whimper at the feel of it in his fingers. He pressed a soft kiss to Steve's lips, resting their foreheads together. "God, I love how easy it is to get you going... So hot."
“Every step,” Steve agreed with a moment’s hesitation. “I know how strong you are. I know the stuff we’ve both done and been through - at least some of it. We can do this.” His fingers squeezed Bucky’s carefully. “You just have to remember that no matter what you did for Hydra, it wasn’t your call. They were pulling the strings. All you have to do is remember and tell us what comes and we’ll stop them. Together.”
It was disconcerting to suddenly be standing in a gilded chamber with a rainbow bridge stretched out before them, but Natasha had recovered from stranger. Recently it seemed she was always recovering from something stranger. The woman drew herself up and studied the stoic man in gold armor. "Thank you."
"You know, it might be slightly less insulting if you didn't say 'babysitting' to my face," Tony pointed out, though he didn't actually seem offended. "I'd take some coffee and pastries for breakfast. That means after ten because you're not Steve. And not from the chow hall. I don't know what I'm paying those chefs for, but it's apparently not good food."
"No! No, I... the company's nice," Steve allowed, hating himself for giving in so easily when he knew that Tony was just trying to make him say as much. Naive as he most certainly was in some senses, Steve wasn't stupid. He wasn't a genius like Tony but he wasn't a complete idiot either. "It just never seemed like I was your favorite guy to hang out with. You've got a lot more in common with Bruce." In fact as near as he could tell, they had nothing at all in common, which made it all the stranger that he couldn't really stand the thought of Tony walking away. The only problem was that if he stayed, Steve wasn't sure how to handle it. The absurd thought of asking Tony to dance struck him and was summarily dismissed as both stupid and ridiculous within moments. The very idea left Steve blushing, and he silently prayed that the dim lighting would hide that from Tony's gaze.
"I think we've both logged enough hours in medical that doctors aren't all that sexy anymore." Frankly Phil hadn't ever gotten the mystique, but he supposed money was enough of a draw for most people. "I'll be happy to be your private physician, Agent Barton... as long as you pay in entirely inappropriate, government unapproved trade. By which I mean blow jobs." He only half heard the band. It didn't sound half as good as Clint's voice.
"Fine. Fitz? Wanna show up the old guys? Figure out a way for these things to patch me up. Or at least make them so they can help me in the case of a severe trauma. I've already got an AED built in in case my heart stops after the whole New York thing, but..." He gestured vaguely. Holding out his hand, a small ball of red and gold congealed from the main body of the suit in his palm. "Here." He handed Fitz the sphere. "Nanobot sample. And I swear to god, if you put anything you learn from that into SHIELD's archives, I will give you a wedgie that makes your high school years seem like a walk in the park." For all his seemingly random bluster, Tony was starting to get an idea. If Fitz was actually as smart as everyone claimed, if he could make the nanobots capable of stopping him from bleeding to death, then he might just be able to help Steve with or without Bruce's help.
Logan nodded, following Scott's lead in cleaning up. He tugged on his clothes, then paused in the doorway. "Sure you wanna come?"
Clint grinned broadly, feeling a little proud of himself. "I do aim to please," he said, tucking in and zipping his pants back up. He could sense Phil's awkwardness, and he looked over at the man, patting him on the shoulder. "Don't get uptight, boss," he said with an easy grin. "I'm not gonna get all clingy and weird on you. Or go to Fury and ask for a new handler. It was fun. Might even be fun again," he added with a wink. He couldn't quite dismiss the nagging sense that those weren't likely to be Phil's concerns, but pushed it away. He wasn't Phil's type. Sure, maybe he was spank bank material, but Clint doubted that Phil would want anything more. And Clint didn't. Couldn't.
"Parts of me are," Scott allowed. He knew sitting would be at least slightly uncomfortable for awhile, but he didn't particularly regret the ache. Instead he smiled wickedly at Logan and draped his arms across the man's shoulders. Soap suds dripped down them both as their bodies slotted together. They fit naturally, easily, and Scott simply appreciated that fact for a moment. "I'm not looking to start anything. I know you might be dragged off on a mission any second. I'm just enjoying," he gestured vaguely, "this. It's easier than I thought it would be."
If there had been a way to do it without it being even more awkward, Coulson would have hugged the man in that moment without reservation. As it was, he reached for Tony's hand and held it fast in his own. "He will. He has to make it." The words were for his own benefit as much as Tony's. The idea of Steve dying was not one that sat well with Coulson on any level, not the five year old who'd worn Captain America pajamas deep down inside him or the agent who'd come to think of Steve Rogers as a friend. "Have faith in him."
"I haven't been naked in front of a whole lot of people like this. Just... just one. Doctors and stuff aside, I mean." There hadn't exactly been a rush of people wanting to see him stripped down before the serum. "It's a weird feeling, but that doesn't mean I don't want you. I always want you." Deciding to remember the advantages instead of the disadvantages of his size, Steve climbed into Tony's lap and kissed the man again.
"That's a nice way of saying you're going to make sure that you won't' be scooping pieces of the wonder twins and I out of the grating, isn't it?" Tony asked with a quirked eyebrow.
Clint smiled at the profoundly sweet way Phil put it. It was on the tip of his tongue to tease his handler a little for the old-fashioned wording, but he held back. Clint wasn't used to someone being so gentle with him, and he reminded himself that it was something he probably needed. Phil didn't want to just fuck him. He wanted to make love. He wanted to take his time and get to know Clint. That was the point of the whole date, after all. "I'd like that," he said, wondering just how many years it had been. Not just a few. Clint was working to remember if he'd even bottomed since he joined SHIELD. He couldn't remember it if he had. "Both ways." After all, sticking to one role could get a little boring. Clint's hand slid over Phil's chest as he pressed himself tight against his lover again. "And now you know my weakness, too. So much for the last of my secrets."
Coulson put a hand on the man’s arm and gave a slight shake of his head. “You don’t have to force it. It will come back to you or it won’t. It seems that Hydra may have left you one or two extra presents to deal with. There triggers… we aren’t clear yet as to whether it’s blood pressure, key words, adrenaline… So you may have to stay in here for a day or two while we try to pinpoint it.” He pulled his collar down slightly so that Bucky could see the bruises forming on his neck. “I hope you can agree that might be for the best at the moment.”
"We don't  know, Captain," she answered, already anticipating his question. "They may be a branch established during the war or a splinter group of survivors... it's still not clear. We don't have anyone to ask yet." The “yet” came with a dangerous little smile, and Steve had no doubt that if they did find someone, that someone would be talking pretty quickly. "The only communications we've managed to intercept are encrypted and garbled. They refer to a 'Winter Solider', who we believe is Mr. Barnes." Natasha tapped a few keys on the pad before her and several images floated into view on the screen suspended above the conference table. Several showed security footage from the attack and another Bucky's enlistment photo. "We have no information on how he happens to be alive, not to mention well and gunning for Tony. The only thing we're sure of is that he wanted to be seen. He made eye contact with the security cameras, he made no effort to hide his face. Someone is sending us a message." Natasha hesitated and looked back to Steve with a quirk of one eyebrow. "Well, sending you a message."
Natasha cursed in Russian under her breath and moved to get closer, but Loki was a beat faster than her. His eyes blazed with naked fury as he reached out to grab Tony's limp hand. "He's mine." Honestly Loki looked little better than Tony, trembling and pale even by his standards. His cold blue eyes were bloodshot, but he grinned maniacally at Natasha before producing a golden orb from his pocket and pressing some odd sequence on the side. Both Loki and Tony disappeared in a heartbeat. The woman bared her teeth and came as close as humanly possible to actually hissing with fury. She unleashed it by grabbing the nearest mutant and slamming her first into Raven's nose as hard as possible.
The feral mutant retracted his claws, but looked no less pissed. "He can't wait until I've had my fucking coffee?"
They all assembled in the garage roughly within the suggested timeframe. Coulson had shed his suit and gone for dark jeans and a button down shirt instead, glasses in the place of his usual contacts. If he was going to sit in a smoky bar all night, lugging around eye drops wasn't his idea of a good time. At least this time the novelty t-shirts were safely stowed in his drawer.
"What, my field suit's not tight enough for you?" Clint countered with a smirk. He had to admit, he'd been skeptical the first time he'd suited up. He was pretty sure he was about to spend an entire mission with the most profound wedgie the world had ever known. He'd been pleasantly surprised when the ridiculously high-tech getup had actually proven to be pretty comfortable. "Because I'm pretty sure you can see the outlines of everything in that getup."
"Yeah, you can skip the showers." Tony grinned, running a hand over Steve's arm. "I mean, is it really that surprising? You get all flushed and mussed and pumped up, and you're surprised that I'd want to jump you right then and there?" Tony quirked an eyebrow at the other man and gave him a flirtatious grin. "We have met, right?"
"Director, if we're finished, I'd like to speak with you privately," Coulson ventured. It didn't sound like they had much more to talk about until the lab rats had a chance to do their work, and even then he really wasn't confident in much of an outcome.
Tony quirked a faint smile. "That look works just fine for Barton. And now the secret of his fashion success is out: medical. But yeah, we can get you something else. You could always borrow one of my t-shirts to mix it up until then." Tony was pretty sure that even his clothes would be too big for Steve, but the idea of the blonde in a baggy Iron Maiden shirt actually made him smile a little. It was reassuring in a way that Steve was focusing on practical concerns. It meant that he wasn't as preoccupied with his physical state as he had been. //Little steps.//
"Black," Logan said, then cursed as he managed to break open an egg's yolk. "See, 'cook' is such a strong word. What I do’s more like makin' a loosely controlled mess. I'm better at cookin' stuff over a fire in the woods, but I can make a few things on a stove," he said, managing to flip the eggs without a problem. A few minutes later, and he was dividing up the results on a pair of plates and settling down at the table with them. "Dig in. Nothin' special, but it's edible." It was weird, thinking they might actually talk to each other at a meal. "So, how's it been at the mansion? How're Bobby and Rogue?" Scott had hinted that things weren't good with Charles and Jean, but Logan figured delving into that could wait for later. If later happened.
"Thank you. For what you did," he said, taking Logan's hand in a firm shake that belied his typically meek demeanor. "I know it wasn't as big a risk for you, but you're new to the team, and you didn't have to."
Realizing he was spacing out, Clint grabbed some sugar and cream and spruced up his coffee, stirring it with his finger because he couldn't be bothered to get up. He absently watched Phil work, still smirking faintly about the pajama pants, before finally deciding, "Maybe you should get the boxers."
"Tony, you're being a dick," Bruce said as if he was politely telling the man he had lint on his shirt.
"Well, I can't grow things back. Speaking of which..." Tony sat up and turned his back towards Steve, wincingly touching at the gash Logan had left in his back. "Does this look like it needs stitches? I really hate stitches."
"You agreed to your boyfriend telling you you're his replacement," the director bit out, "and I think that means you said yes in there somewhere."
Loki beat him to the punch by mere seconds. His release darkened the satin coverlet beneath them, and he breathed in harsh gasps. As the moment passed, Loki sighed. The high had lasted for only a moment, but it had been enough. "You should go. I believe I'm ready to deal with Miss Romanov now."
There's making out but no smut. This is fluff. Things are going to get rough for them, and they damn well deserved some sweet, tooth-rotting fluff. I am nothing if not determined to give Clint and Phil what they want.
"Thank you," Phil repeated, genuinely grateful. He crossed over to the shirts and couldn't help a wry smile as he looked over to Clint. "Am I more a neon pink guy or a camo guy?"
That brought a smile to Steve’s face, and he nodded. “I guess it’s a hard habit to shake. SHIELD gave me a chance to keep helping people, and that seemed like the thing to do. It’s all I wanted to do in the first place.” Though he knew it wasn’t really his place to make the offer, he added, “Maybe when you’re feeling more like yourself again... maybe we can find something for you to do around here. Somebody has to make the coffee,” Steve deadpanned.
Clint nodded. "Fury likes to keep people in the dark, but not that dark," he agreed. "Something must be seriously wrong if he won't even tell us what planet the guy's on." It was frightening, really. They were essentially talking about facing Loki without the advantage of another Asgardian on their side. //And the one good hand we have, we're keeping tied behind our backs.// He was relieved, though, that Steve was willing to go check on Summers and Logan. Clint was pretty certain he'd punch anyone who came near him with handcuffs in the face.
Clint tensed at the suggestion of giving up the hammer. It was on the deck between his feet again, and his fingers curled into the weapon's strap as he shook his head. "I can take care of it. It'll be fine."
"Without Logan noticing? Probably never," Coulson returned. "Without him being able to stop me?" The man smiled over at Clint. "The truth is that I think Summers is on our side as much as he can be. He's sympathetic, at least. That's useful to us. If he really wants to keep the team safe, he's going to be willing to help us, or at least not willing to actively do any of us harm. He won't want Logan to either."
Logan took over pushing the gurney, though he felt as if, for the moment, Creed needed protection from Clint more than any of them needed protection from him.
"I hope she's not the jealous type. I think she has a few pounds on me," Clint said, relaxing a little. Humor was easy enough. He edged a little closer to Phil, looking him over. "I think I'll definitely be pestering you to unwind more often. The glasses kinda look good on you. Not that the suit isn't hot as hell, but you in jeans and a t-shirt's pretty damned endearing, too. And you look less like you do when you're yelling at me," he added with a mischievous grin as he took another sip of coffee.
They took Magneto down to the very deepest depths of the building, locking him away in a plastic cell. Thor smirked as the agents around them stared in awe at him, reflecting how tiny they were as he followed Nat back out of the cell block. "So now we meet with the Hawk and the Son of Coul?"
Loki threw the ruby lenses down at Logan's feet the moment he appeared again. "Done. Let it never be said service here is less than prompt." His salesman's smile broadened. "Don't let her tell you otherwise. Still feeling well? I'd hate to send you home worse for wear than when I found you."
Coulson smiled back. "You've got a point. Sleep tight," he bid before heading back to the elevator and his own room. He went ahead and took a couple of the pills on the way down. He was a long way from hungry, and by the time he finished showering and putting on something that wasn't littered with pieces of broken glass, he'd be ready for sleep. The shower was a rebirth, the painkillers did their job, and within an hour, Coulson was happily buried beneath the covers with hopes of a full night's sleep for once.
"Never hurts to ask." Steve heard his phone buzz again and picked it up, scowling at the words on the screen. "A warning from Fury that he knows the doctor cleared me. Looks like I'm in after all." Steve tried hard not to look like he was pouting as he ate the pancakes, but he really wasn't ready to face everyone.
Normally Steve might have bristled at Natasha so casually taking control of things, but instead he nodded and let Thor lead him down the hallway to his own room. He hesitated outside of Tony's door, gaze lingering on the mussed sheets and the glass of water still sitting on the nightstand. "They wouldn't have him if it wasn't for me. This is about me, not about Tony."
"If I was too dumb to know that, I don't think you'd even be here with me," Darien countered as he took hold of Clint's hips. The man was hard and ready, and he started in without giving Clint a second to adjust. Clint could play all the games he wanted, but Darien wasn't in doubt about his own skills and worth. He knew he could drive Clint just as crazy as the man drove him. He sucked hard and then pulled back until Clint's cock almost left his mouth only to dive forward again until it bumped against the back of his throat.
"I'm fine!" Logan's eyes flashed with anger - and something else - and he grabbed Scott's wrist, straightening to his full height and glaring into the man's blue eyes. His senses caught up to him a second later, and he let go of his lover with a shaky sigh. "I'm fine, Scott. Just... this whole thing is wearin' a little thin. They barely trusted me when I got here, and now they think I'm gonna try 'n' blow 'em up like Barton did. Might as well give 'em a reason to look at me like I'm a time bomb," he decided, unwilling to budge.
The words sent a shock of nervous energy through Steve. He loved hearing them and felt ill-at-ease all at the same time. They’d walked a strange line between flirtation and friendship since Bucky made his confession, and Steve felt guilty about even that. The only problem was assigning the guilt properly. He hated the idea that he was letting Tony down somehow or leaving the man behind. He hated equally the thought of betraying the man who’d been his best friend since childhood. It wasn’t in Steve’s nature to spend a lot of time complaining, but he realized as he met Bucky’s gaze that it wasn’t complaining to have an honest talk about it all. “I know that. Being here and having you safe and alive is more than I ever hoped for.” Even Steve heard the “but” at the end of the words and fought to keep from wincing. “Right now, I need my best friend, and… that’s all.”
"I meant the bad ones. Bad mutants. They're the freaks. Don't stab me." Tony put armored hands up defensively.
The question was drowned out by a roar of chatter and questions and camera flashes as Tony dragged Steve into another kiss. He was pretty sure that if Steve didn't strangle him for it, Fury would later, but he was already bored and annoyed by the press. All things considered, it was probably the most preferable course of action he could take with his mouth. Most other options involved telling the press to fuck off or something even more embarrassing for SHIELD.
Loki rolled his eyes at the dramatic response. "Honestly, and I thought my brother overreacted to everything." He rose from the bed and crossed over to stand in front of Tony. "At the moment, it's in my best interest to have something that the Avengers want. I'm sure that they'll want what I have to offer, but I don't know that it will be enough to buy my life back. Having you... well, even your body is worth something to them, I'm sure, but I confess that I've rather enjoyed you having full use of it." He reached out to touch Tony's cheek, smirking at the way the mortal flinched. "You won't die by my hand. Not yet, Mr. Stark."
"It could be interesting to see what kind of looks you get at a drag show," Scott deadpanned. Logan made a good point. Congenial as their waitress was, the clientele were far less warm and inviting. "Maybe we should head out, get a walk in. I could use some fresh air before we call it a night... not that the bouquet of beer and cigarette smoke isn't absolutely enchanting."
Seeing the sudden tension in Steve's jaw, Scott stepped forward and looked the file over himself. "What exactly does this thing do?"
Tony realized he had probably pushed Steve a little too far. The playful banter had segued into something more serious than he'd intended. His smile became more understanding but no less charming. "It's no big deal. Really it's not." Getting on his feet, Tony strolled over to a tray of drinks and poured both himself and Steve something to take the sudden edge off the evening. "You'll find somebody special, fall in love and live happily ever after. Happens every day." He passed a drink to his guest before sinking back down on the couch beside him. "In the meantime, why don't you crash here tonight? I've got this great big place all to myself. Be nice to have some company for a change."
"Yeah," Logan answered, looking slightly distracted. He hoped he could play it off on the memories he'd just recalled. Explaining to Scott the romp he'd had with Tony and Steve sounded awkward at best. The tougher part was ignoring the way Steve's scent seemed to linger, and the place where Steve had touched his arm still tingled with the remembered contact. The faintest bluish light flickered in Logan's eyes as he watched Steve go, so subtle it could have been a trick of the light. "Lemme know if I can... help with anything else."
"Got it." Steve hefted the man over his shoulder and made a break for it. Logan would metabolize the poison even faster than he could himself if his files were any indication. They didn't have long. Coulson made a break ahead of him and had the elevator primed and ready. A few tense seconds of the four of them crammed into the elevator waiting and they emerged on the detention level. "Cell open. NOW," Steve snapped at the nearest agent.
"If the gurney happened to fall down an elevator shaft while on fire," Coulson began in a carefully neutral tone that still got him a raised eyebrow from Natasha, "I'm just saying that I happen to know what paperwork to file in that eventuality. That's all." It was damn hard escorting the man when he really would just as soon have been dumping a body as booking him. It was a pretty fact, but it was true just the same. Only an abiding sense of duty and a desire to not end up in prison himself kept Coulson from making the call. That and the fact that he knew he needed to stick to his guns if he expected Clint to do the same.
Coulson nodded his agreement. The requests were startlingly reasonable considering their source. "Doable. But I'm sleeping on the couch, and you aren't staying up all night. You're going to rest. Tomorrow you can talk to Bruce. Yeah, I can see the wheels turning from here." He smiled almost apologetically. "I'd say I'm sorry, but Steve needs you to take care of yourself right now. Since I'm moderately certain you can't, I'll help."
"Well, I didn't run screamin' from Magneto, and havin' a metal skeleton is about the last place you wanna be facing him down." He glanced at Tony. "Well, maybe the second-to-last place. I'm in, but you might wanna keep some kinda failsafe handy in case your drape-wearin' wingnut manages to scramble my brains."
Bruce smiled faintly to himself. It was nice, actually, having someone other than Tony around who wasn't afraid to get within ten feet of him. Well, Nat and Steve weren't either, but they seemed to think he wanted the space. Tony just didn't care. But Simmons was nice. And she smelled nice. Reminding himself they were actually doing something, Bruce focused on the monitor. "Maybe this," he said, taking out one compound and throwing in another.
"Well, I have trouble understanding the grunts and clicks, but I think the tiny one said she could reduce how much it sucks."
The things Logan's tongue could do were enough that Scott almost didn't notice the man opening him up at first. It was a low undercurrent of pleasure that rumbled happily along beneath the more active parts of what they were doing. He was too busy sucking on Logan's tongue to demand more, but the desperate shifting of his hips probably said it all. They both needed it. They'd lost someone, and that hurt like hell, and Scott wanted to blow that away until he could only feel Logan above him and inside him, surrounding him.
Tony frowned inside his helmet. Things were already going south. He knew that talking Bruce out of chasing that irritating little shit with the grin wasn't likely to work. "Got it. Make sure they count."
"Who says I wasn't?" Phil challenged with a flicker of a smile. "My dirty thoughts just happened to involve you." Which had, naturally, made the situation a few extra billion times more awkward. Also a little more pleasant. It had evened out in his mind on some sort of karmic scale. They'd survived, he'd managed to not embarrass himself any more fully than necessary, and Clint hadn't brought it up again. Until he did. "Hopefully now that you have more information on the make and model, I'm just going to assume you're happy with what you're buying into since you're still here." Phil looped his arms around Clint's chest. "Not that I'd let you go just at the moment either way."
When they got to what had formerly been Stark Tower, Logan started to stalk off, but froze when he heard Stark call for him. "What?"
Clint's eyes drifted closed at the contact, his fingers digging into Phil's hips as if hanging on for dear life. It felt strange, being on his knees there in front of his handler, doing things he'd never really imagined doing. It sure as hell changed the context of all the times Phil had looked at him with razor sharp eyes and barked an order. Clint felt goosebumps rise on his skin at the thought. Clint's tongue wandered to the end of Phil's cock, cleaning the precum from it before he slowly started to take the shaft into his mouth. Phil was bigger than pretty much anyone Clint had ever been with, but the archer was definitely anxious to meet the challenge, his tongue sliding along the underside of the throbbing flesh as he focused on keeping his jaw relaxed.
"And while I value her opinion greatly, I'm not out to have you run a SHIELD team. I need you to take care of the Avengers, and as bumbling, idiotic, alcoholic, selfish, and egotistical as you are, you seem to have a way of controlling chaos that defies all reason. And you actually stepped up in New York, so I think there might be a decent leader somewhere deep inside you, Tin Man."
"I would never subject you to the cafeteria." Steve rolled his eyes and got up to get dressed. "Even if you did his all the chefs there yourself."
Tony took hold of the chair's wheels and moved himself just a little closer. "Oh, god..." He'd read up on Steve's transformation, seen the before photos... He still couldn't help the strangled half-sob that came out of his mouth as he leaned against the bed, putting a hand over Steve's, careful of the IV. The blonde looked strangely delicate, felt strangely frail. Dark circles glared prominently from under Steve's eyes, and Tony reached up to stroke his lover's hair. "Please," he whispered, voice shaking, "please don't leave me." Tony shuddered, pressing his face to the mattress, his hand still over Steve's. He started to shake, and Tony was almost surprised when he started to cry quietly into the sheets.
The shifting of the bed woke Steve almost immediately - at least to a groggy, half conscious state - and he rolled over at once, long, slender limbs tangling around Tony to hold him tightly. He was too close to sleep to start the conversations they needed to have, but he needed the closeness just the same. "Not g'nna lose you," Steve murmured against Tony's neck as he clung to the man like a lifeline. It felt warm and safe being near him. "Love you."
Scott wanted to protest, but he couldn't find the breath to do so. It was probably for the best since otherwise Clint would have just taken it as an excuse to torture him. He settled for moaning helplessly as Clint fucked him. The angle meant that Clint's cock drove hard into his prostate with every thrust, and it was almost impossible not to let go. Scott's toes curled, and his whole body felt like it was on fire with sensation. "C-clint... god, please... please..."
The mutant was vigorous, obviously driven by sensation, and it thrilled Loki. He relished the contact, threw his head back wantonly as Victor worried at sensitive skin. "I like the way you take what you want." Hooking his legs behind Victor's back, Loki rolled his hips enticingly.
Soon was fine by Steve. Given all the teasing he'd done it would have been cruel to try to make Tony wait, and they could always go again after he had a chance to catch his breath. Rather than reply aloud, Steve simply sucked harder and moved faster. He also held onto Tony's hips just a fraction tighter to keep him from twisting around too much when he came.
Coulson gave a short shake of his head and was about to reply when one of the nurses stepped up to them. "We're going to look her over, but her vitals are stable. Her heartrate's a little fast but not dangerous right now. If the four of you wouldn't mind sitting down and waiting for awhile? As soon as she's up for visitors, we'll let you know."
Coulson would have loved to disagree with her. He would have loved to say that Natasha was being overzealous or taking things too personally, but she wasn't. His own feelings aside, the facts supported every last word. "It's the best we've got. Stark, Banner, work with Fitz-Simmons. We need a way to take him out or at the very least permanently neutralize him."
Scott was surprised by the words but all the more pleased by them because of it. He hadn't expected the sweetness, and he liked it, blushing faintly as he found Logan's lips again. The kiss was soft, undemanding. It deepened as Scott almost casually threw a leg over Logan's lap. It was a tease, and they both knew it. Scott wasn't rushing, but he wasn't going to stand still and miss an opportunity to hear Logan's breath catch either. Some things were worth a little teasing.
"Indeed, that is the man. Thor is but Loki's puppet, and even if the spell is broken - the Lady Frigga could surely do so - it would mean her life. We are being held hostage, and this will not stand. Thor showed his brother mercy before. The course was not the right one." Sif had thought it a foolish way to handle things in the first place. No one as untrustworthy as Loki would hesitate to go to any lengths to secure his freedom - just as he had in the end. "Heimdall, the gate keeper, aided me in my escape. My departure will be noticed, but I do not intend to return alone."
"You look good when you smile," Clint decided, then blushed a little. He knew Phil wouldn't care that he'd said it, but it just sounded ridiculous out loud and he'd said it before he'd gotten a chance to think about it. "Sorry. A little off-topic. But you do." In spite of his best efforts to not eat like he was getting shot at, Clint was already done, and he put his fork down and grabbed his coffee cup to fiddle with it. "And... you know, our outing the other day," his ears burning a little as he realized, "I guess it was... kind of a date, huh?" He felt a little bad about it in a way, knowing now how Phil felt, knowing his handler had been wanting it to be a date and that Clint himself had been friend-zoning Phil as hard as he could.
"Barton, you're obviously not thinking. And if you can't keep it together for all of this, I'm putting you on the bench until we get Loki sorted. Is that understood?"
The young woman started and then smiled broadly at him. "Captain Rogers! Wonderful, wonderful, please, sit." Simmons ushered him into a chair and then explained, "Fitz and I were so close last night, we almost had the answer, and Dr. Banner came down and-"
As they walked into the store, the clerk stared at them in near-shock. She was a lean, dark-haired young woman, and she did a double-take when she caught sight of Coulson. "You... it was you." She walked around the counter, staring hard at Phil as if to reassure herself she wasn't imagining it. "Remember? With the donuts? And the bag of flour?"
Steve chuckled at the visual and then shook his head. "Best case scenario, I'd probably break something." He was still smiling when he explained, "I'm not giving up, but I also know that right now, I can't go out in the field and take the hits. I can coordinate, I can help, but I can't be the leader they're going to need right now." Steve nudged his lover in the ribs with his elbow and added, "Bet you can be, though."
Scott flushed and waited until Fury was clear before grabbing Logan and kissing him until they both needed to catch their breath. "Now write the damn report so we can get to bed."
"If I can only do this once, I'm not leaving Natasha in pain. She also seems to be the least worse off. Might take less to pull her out." He knew it wasn't the most practical solution, but he couldn't let someone who'd fought beside him so many times suffer if he could stop it. "Then Logan." Then, if he couldn't take anymore, Logan could help Scott. "It'll be fine," he assured Tony before stealing another kiss. "I love you."
Loki glared the woman down. "Quiet, please. The grown-ups are talking." A flick of his wrist found a gag in Natasha's mouth and chains jerking up from the floor to bind her arms. "There. Now, where was I? Ah, yes. What I can do for you." Loki paced in front of Logan's cell thoughtfully. "You strike me as a man who's far less selfish than others might believe. You don't want anything for yourself. You want to help your new boyfriend. I believe he as in an accident as a child? Yes, he's never quite been able to control his abilities since then. A shame, truly, given his talents. What if I could fix that for him?"
Phil gave up on even attempting not to blush. It had been one of the most awkward and oddly wonderful afternoons of his life. He'd also kind of hoped Clint had forgotten it completely. "You're a terrible human being." He knew his expression was confirmation enough. Fury, Romanov, and Barton were probably the only people in the world who could read him without even trying most of the time. Unwilling to let Clint win the moment entirely, he added, "And I seem to remember you stopped complaining after while. You seemed to get pretty comfortable, actually."
The syringe was set aside in a heartbeat, and Coulson took a seat, removing himself from a position of dominance so that they were on the same level. “Just breathe.” It was comforting to see that Barnes was picking up on the cues that meant he was on the edge of an episode. It meant that control might not be as far away as anyone had feared. “Listen to my voice.” Once he saw the stuttering breaths slow somewhat, he reached out and placed his hand gently over Bucky’s. “No one here is going to hurt you, Sergeant Barnes. Just stay with us.”
Clint scanned the area around them, looking for any detail, any clue as to where they were. In the distance, he caught sight of the faintest hint of an electrical pole. "That way." He swayed slightly, trying to get a feel for how far away it was. "It'll be a good twenty miles. I don't know if it's a highway or a town, but it's civilization. Sort of. Unless it actually is El Paso."
The place was loud and somewhat dark, but didn't seem terribly grungy. There was a fair number of guys wearing biker leathers, and no shortage of guys wearing leather in general. A bald-shaven barkeep full of piercings and tattoos plopped a microbrew in front of Clint without prompting, then regarded Darien blankly. "What's Edward havin'?"
"Can't say no to that," Logan answered, pressing in for another kiss. Scott was irresistible when he begged. Logan slipped a hand under Scott's shirt, running it up his back before dipping it lower into Scott's jeans and mauling his ass. It felt too good to have the man crushed against him; walking away just wasn't an option. "You're too fuckin' gorgeous, y'know that?"
“Only twenty miles with no food and water? Easy." Phil smiled wryly and started walking. Waiting wasn't going to do them any favors. Maybe having a nice, painful sunburn would distract from other pain that was only going to get more distracting as time wore on and they got nice and sweaty. The internal whining was tempered by the idea that no one would accost them in the middle of the desert. They were out of Loki's clutches and Creed's too, and they were going to get home. It was only a matter of time. "C'mere." Phil breathed easier the second Clint's hand closed around his. "We'll get there eventually."
Clint had raised the hammer the minute Tony had run at Steve. "Loki, if this is some kind of illusion..." he growled.
"I think so too," Coulson agreed, the momentary shot of fear he'd felt at Clint drawing away ebbing as the contact continued. He reached for Clint's other hand and threaded their fingers together just to feel the palm flat against his own. "I think sometimes we all need a chance to shed our skin. If I can be yours... that would be an honor." Gently, he suggested, "You ready to go to bed? Don't worry, just talking sleep. I think we can probably keep our hands to ourselves. Mostly."
As soon as his feet hit the ground, Phil had an arm curled protectively around Clint's waist. They were... nowhere. Nowhere he could put a finger on, anyway, which was the same thing. They were surrounded by scrub brush and a few trees that looked like they'd never actually seen any water. Still suspicious of the situation, too much so to spend much time worrying about his surroundings, Phil pressed, "What kind of deal is that? What does Loki get from letting us go?"
Clint glanced at the pills, then to Phil, then after the nurse. "What the hell else am I gonna do?" he wondered aloud, then shoved himself off the stretcher. He raised his eyebrow at Phil. "I take it you're alright, too?"
"Jesus fucking... you are... fuck, you're amazing," Scott babbled before he kissed Logan hard on the mouth and grinned. Sex with Logan was a revelation. Even sore and tired in the aftermath, he felt cleansed in a strange sort of way.
"I am not losing more assets today," Fury snapped. "Get your ass back over here." His gaze shifted to Coulson as Clint grudgingly complied. "Agent Coulson, you've interacted with these two the most. I need recommendations. How do we confront these two without them going through half of our security forces?"
Victor chuckled at the exchange. He sobered for a second as Loki's orders not to do permanent damage filtered through the impending frenzy. The flash of annoyance at the idea that he wouldn't get to hear Coulson scream in horror while he ripped Barton's guts out faded quickly when he realized he'd been given free reign to do just about anything else. His powerful hands bore down heavily on the archer's shoulders, pinning him down as he leaned over the man to whisper in his ear, "That's right. Look at him."
