- and for some reason he was feeling nervous.
Tony had only stumbled up the stairs for more sustenance in the form of black bitter delicious liquid after a plenty of hours work binge. He was just going to steal the pot and run, but well, Tony Stark was a lot of things, but completely heartless was not one of them.
"What do you mean my name was taken?" Steve asks, brows furrowing down at Tony.  They had made their way to the futon couch in the corner of Tony's shop,  their legs intertwined, and in between drawn out kisses and soft touches Tony had been attempting to create an Instagram page.  "There's another Captain America?"
"No." Steve finds himself sighing as he admits. "It appears the public isn't too concerned if I kiss Clint, in fact people called it a cute bromance."
"Not that one." Steve says, getting to his feet. "Please." this time his plea sounds a bit more desperate, but Natasha has already flipped open to the first page.
They allow their lips to meet once again, tongues twisting around each other, dancing like they had never been apart. Steve's long fingers are teasing Tony now, as if to give him permission, he finds himself pushing down onto them. Initially it's pain, something Tony hadn't felt in years, but it quickly followed up with heat deep down in his stomach, one finger turned into two, and Tony was moaning Steve's name.
Steve takes a photo while he's at a baseball game, another one while he's grocery shopping, he posts a picture of some adorable dogs he meets on one of his morning runs. There's artsy ones of his drawings, of the city, of strangers he stumbles upon. He posts photos of the jet, and some photos post battle.
"Oh of course." Tony's laughs had subsided, and there was something else in his voice. "Sam is aware you're about to make that kind of statement with him?"
Bruce leaned in slightly intrigued "What made Tony choke?"
Tony laughed, resting his head on the alpha’s shoulder, smiling as he breathed in his mate’s scent. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s middle, holding the omega close as Tony shut his eyes. Tony wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.
“Yeah.” Tony looked down at the ground. “And they’ll pay for it.”
I hope you enjoy it.
“Go for it, J.” Tony sighed, pouring some of the bubble bath into the bath.
I don't know if anyone would be interested in them lol as they're a bit different from the other's I had planned if you remember from before but some of them include:
He had dealt with his packmates being drunk before but there was at least Steve and Loki who would be sober too. He knew how to handle his drunk packmates. Thor was loud, loud and loud. Clint was just a thousand times worse with mischievous ideas but way too drunk to pull them off. Natasha would just laugh at everything and team up with Clint and whoever else to make the lives ones who were sober hell. Sam would be singing until the cows came home and Bucky was incredibly chatty. He had only ever seen Steve very drunk once and the alpha was very emotional, he ended up getting Bucky to comfort him as it was something to do with their past. He had never seen Loki drunk before but knew he would have the occasional drink. Tony seemed to be a mixture of all his packmate’s drunken states rolled into one big mess.
“You got Tony’s scent?” Clint asked, walking over to Sam who was sniffing around the HYDRA guards.
“Is it alright with you?” Steve turned to face Tony.
“Right. Yes.” Steve nodded, taking one last look at the omega before leaving the room, his second in command catching up to him. “Not a single word, Bucky.” The alpha spoke, noticing the beta’s smirk. “Not a word.”
“Yes, I do. I saw to him earlier today.”
Once Tony got put with the two siblings permanently, coming up with the excuse that they needed to be watched over and it can allow more time to help them shift. They had started on a plan to escape during this time and they were ready now. Most of the HYDRA “guards” were shockingly awful at the guarding part. The three of them were able to collect bits of tech, materials and tools, taking them to the tiny part of their room that was just cut off from being watched on camera. Tony was doubting how smart these people were more and more every day. HYDRA had some very good and powerful tech, something the brunette had a field day with.
She had tried to calm him down, and she succeeded to a certain extent. She got him to his feet anyways, with the promise of not opening the door, allowing anyone else in or causing him bodily harm. It was definitely a hard deal for her to make, but she did it. After all it was her first time as a Maid of Honor and she wasn't going to allow Tony to fuck it up. 'It's okay' she had said against the door  'I've got him, he's alive, switch to the comms and leave the doorway.'   There were a few mumbles but after a minute everyone had left the doorway, confirmed by JARVIS. They sat in silence for a few minutes, before Tony started pacing.
"Hey Steve." Tony called out, just catching Steve before he made it to the elevator bay. "You know if you ever want help, technical or other I am always here, I've been told I can be an Okay-ish teacher."
Now it was Tony's turn to roll his eyes. "That's a terrible idea."  was all he had to say before he pulled back out his cell phone and sent a message to Pepper.
"You're younger than me." Natasha smirked, pushing away from her desk as Tony passed.
It didn't take long for Tony to fall asleep next to him and with the state of the current news, Steve couldn't blame him.
"Ouch." Tony smiled down at his phone, grabbing clean clothes from a drawer in his dresser "Who hurt you honey bear? Who made you so bitter?"
And then the ringing came again, but Tony's arms wrapped around Steve's shoulders, and his head fell back, and let another moan escape his mouth. Just as Steve closed his lips around Tony's collarbone the sound of a vibrating phone, pressed against the desk filled the space instead.
"I've been the reason for a lot of things throughout my life." Tony said eyeing the garage, like something out of a horror movie. "That's not a reason to murder me in your murder shed."
"-Or what you might have said?" Steve cocked an eyebrow finishing the sentence for him. Though he was sure those weren't exactly the words that Tony was going to use.
Steve's eyebrows raised at Tony's brashness, but he soldiered on. "I miss you."
"Thank you Tony." Natasha grinned wide turning on her heel to leave. "See you in Vermont!" She called over her shoulder as she headed away.
It had been nearly ten years, and he was still head over heels for her - they had tried that can't sleep kind of romance, but it wasn't for them. Better off as friends, but the type of friend you would sell your soul to save. Which is why Tony was finding it nearly impossible to be mad at her for not really listening to him, even though he had been in her office complaining for almost half an hour now.
"Yes, Sir?"
It was home, as much as home could ever be to him now, but it felt foreign, he was a stranger in this place. He could sense Tony watching him, carefully moving like someone would move around a frightened child.
"You're insatiable." his voice his laced in sleep, and his eyes aren't even open, but Steve rolls over, blindly reaching out for Tony, to yank him back into his arms.
"She has not." Sam laughed and then stopped. "Wait she has?" Frantically he looked to Steve. "Has she?"
It caused a laugh to bubble out of Steve, and he couldn't help but double tap the photo.
"Anyways." Natasha added. "Just thought you'd want to know you're breaking the internet. You two can go back to whatever the hell that was."
Steve blamed himself, because Steve would always blame himself.
"You knew they were going to corner me didn't you?" Steve shakes his head, of course Tony knew. Tony apparent king of social media, with all the accounts and the millions of people watching him. "Why?" Is all Steve can ask. "Why is it so important?"
"You don't have to do that." Steve said, announcing himself as he entered the kitchen again.
"It's just Facebook, no The. Gosh old man." Tony laughs, and Steve rolls his eyes. "Facebook is kind of a hybrid of both Twitter and Instagram, but it's gotten less popular and is mostly filled with elderly women sharing awful photos, of their grand kids or pets, and talking about their bad dates and shopping trips."
"Sure." Tony says with a small nod, ignoring the way that Sharon is now looking at him. He knows she's curious, not yet partial to what Natasha and Bucky walked into this morning. "That would be good."
"Jarvis, is anyone else awake right now?"
Tony isn't sure he'd call it sex exactly, but getting each other off in a Shield headquarters broom closet hungry and savage had to count for something. Tony hears his name panting past Steve's lips, and it's the most beautiful sound he's ever heard.
The way Tony said
"Alright, sure. Why not." Steve says, pulling his phone out of a pocket, before taking his cowl off his head, He holds up the phone, and naturally Thor falls into place, he's pushed up against Steve with his lips planted firmly on his dirty cheek.
" Steve repeated with a chuckle. "Problem with a
"It must be getting pretty serious." Steve mumbles, as he wraps his arms around Tony, pulling him close, his breath tickling the side of his neck as they lay there in the peace that the good Captain offered up upon his arrival.
and less of a
"When we have enough height you need to swing a right and fly me right over that thing-" Steve's voice was a little distorted with the wind as they continued going higher.
"I came to see if you were alright Tony." Steve stepped into the workshop, pulling his gloves from his hands. "I really didn't think I would get that kind of reaction out of you, but I just needed you to know."
Back on her heels she pressed in his pass code - curse her personal assistant  accesses - and opened his voicemail. "Steve doesn't call people Tony, he doesn't leave messages, he has a fucking flip phone for God sake."
"I didn't sleep very well last night." Natasha said with a sigh. "How are you holding up?"
They all send her off with wishes of luck, and promises of catching up later.
"What we have here is a misguided man." Christine said into the camera, certain of herself. "Remember that he lives in the same tower as Tony Stark, Spending that much time around a man like that could cause anyone to think this behavior is okay-"
"No, I am not." Tony replied, curious as to what kind of party would have a stripper arrive by four. "Clint, Right?" He asked, trying to make conversation.
Tony had mumbled something off about confusing protons, or neurons, or some kind of ons-  and how he needed to figure out what to do.
"Oh." Steve's eyebrows raise into his hairline, because this, was definitely not even on his radar. "Tony and I we aren't - " he waves a hand haphazardly between himself and the general direction he knows Tony is in. "Neither are Clint and I. I just took the photo to try and prove a point. It didn't mean anything."
"You need to go away." Tony spat back.
The reporter quickly grabbed the microphone and it cuts back to two anchors at a desk, and Clint is laughing so hard he's crying now.
The recorded voice is there again, asking if he'd like to save or delete the message, but Natasha just ends the call, before offering him back his phone. "Did I tell you that Bucky lost the ring today?"
Tony noticed everyone glance towards two more men joining the area, and that's when Tony saw him. A few extra years on his face, but sure as hell it was-
"Oh, I just figured Tony would want to know he's about to get upstaged." Natasha's green eyes travel from Tony to Steve. "Welcome to Instagram by the way."
Steve shakes his head, but closes his sketchbook before Bucky can perch himself on the arm of the chair he's sitting on. "Can we help you?" Steve echos Tony's earlier sentiment.
"I need you to go to farm early." He said, once Natasha and Sharon were just out of hearing reach.
"In the hotel restaurant." Tony looked himself over, one last time before deciding it was as good as he was going to get, and he would be late if he changed again. "Wish me luck?"
Thankfully, it appeared, that was all Steve needed to hear because he had quickly closed the space between them, and his hands had found their way to Tony's face, pulling him into a desperate kiss. Like he had been waiting for this moment and was ready to go. The kiss sent Tony stumbling back a few steps, before his own hands wrapped around Steve's forearms to stabilize himself.
"Sometimes you gotta fight dirty." Natasha was smirking, as she headed towards the van where all the armed drones had came from, sneaking up beside it to disarm whoever was inside.
"To be fair." Sam said, swooping in low and shooting two down. "A lot of what they do is also bad guy approved."
Not regular like Steve, who should have been sleeping, instead of getting himself locked out of his Shield email account. Steve huffed as he slammed the lid of his laptop down, a little too hard, but not caring that he absolutely, for sure, just cracked the screen -
"Pepper is going to keep me busy until dinner." Tony confirms, pouring himself a cup of the already brewed coffee. "Miss me, but also please call me if any Avengers business comes up, like any."
"I come in peace." is all Steve said, palms raised open in the air completely submitting to whatever was coming his way. And Tony tried his best to crack a smile, knowing he didn't have it in him to resist even if he wanted to, so instead he stepped out of the way and welcomed the man in.
"Not fair?" Tony found his voice raising as he took a long stride forward, raising his finger to point at Steve, his anger bubbling up. "No, You do not get to do this to me, what's not fair is You, and what you did to me. What's not fair is how you took my entire heart and shredded it to pieces for a night of fucking fun with some girl. Not fair is leaving me heartbroken and alone after my parents died, No What's not fair is-"
"I love you." Tony repeats, just like a proud boyfriend should. He leans in and catches Steve in a very soft kiss. "You know Pep's probably in the elevator right now, right?"
"That's right." A male anchor added. "Captain America is not gay-"
"Something the matter, Cap?" Tony's voice replied, but his attention stayed on the screens and the equations he had been working on,
"Dear god why didn't you just shut me up." He complained into his palms as he hid his face from the world.
"And the other one, the Facebook?" Steve presses, feeling himself relax just with his proximity to Tony.
"Technically S.H.I.E.L.D" Clint spoke with heavy breath, climbing up a fire escape to perch on the roof of a building. "But apparently bad guys think it's a good idea too." He pulled back his arrow, piercing a drone right through the middle.
It was a week, one very long uncomfortable week, Tony stood in his penthouse, inspecting the labels of the bottles lining his shelf, he didn't drink much anymore but perhaps tonight was as special occasion. He could have spent hours standing there debating the pros and cons of a drink, but thankfully he didn't have to when a soft knock at his door drew his attention.
"Wait, pause." Tony cut in, pushing himself up into a seated position so he could straighten out what exactly what was happening here. "Are you saying you'll move to New York?"
"Hey Tony?" Steve asks after a moment of silence has passed them. "What does this mean?"
"Hey, Tony." Steve said softly, looking up from his sketch, a smile pulling over his lips. Some charcoal had gotten on to Steve's chin, and Tony's fingers itched to touch it.
Tony found himself wondering what the disconnect was between the two of them, as they seemed to get on good together the evening before. Though it wasn't really any of his business, as he dropped himself into a seat next to Sharon, he reminded himself that these people weren't really part of his life. They were a blip on the radar over a few days. He may never see them again, so no matter how much they made him feel like one of the gang, he shouldn't get himself attached. At least, that's what he was trying to tell himself, but then Sam brought him over a glass of juice, and Bucky asked him how he liked his toast, and it just felt all too normal. And Tony really enjoyed it.
fault for this and he would be hearing about it later. "Look I'm sorry, okay, I still don't remember the whole night, honestly, but the stuff I do remember, I'm sorry. If I could take it back, I would." he pulled a hand down his face. "I am so embarrassed, no one was ever supposed to hear those things."
This time she didn't try to stop him, and as Tony climbed the steps two at a time to the sixth floor he silently prayed that no one would be following him.
"We're not.." Tony tries to clarify, but falls short. They had been dancing around this for months now.  They weren't not dating, but they weren't really boyfriends - at least. Not really.
"Tony, you're all over the internet drunk off your ass at some bar event from last night."
This time Clint did laugh. "You're funny Tony Stark."
"Did it work?" Thor asks finally, sounding more like himself. "The photo for your point?"
"Like?" Pepper asks, there's just something about the way Pepper talks that you can't really brush her off.
Luckily enough, Tony paid no attention, laughed it off, and continued on whatever it was he was doing, that had caused the grease explosion.
The lingo was an hour long conversation on it's own, as they scrolled through the comments, Steve's blush only deepening the more he understood what people were saying about him. What people were saying to him.
. Defeated, he headed down to the common floor of the Avengers Tower and hopes someone would be there to help.
"We need to talk." Steve's voice came out calm and steady. "Please, I just wanted to see you, I didn't believe it when Buck said you were coming I-"
Tony didn't want to wait for anything more to be said, so as Steve turned his attention to his phone, Tony started his way back up to the farm house. The walk through the property was a lot quicker than it had been going down, it might have had something to do with the fact that Tony was now on a mission.  To get back to his hotel room and process this new information.
"How are you not dead right now?" Tony groans, twisting in the sheets, and being reminded how uncomfortable sleeping in jeans is.
"I love you."
"I love you." Tony whispers so quietly he can barely hear himself. "I'm sorry" he apologizes, pressing the heel of one of his hands into one of his eyes, trying to cap the tears, unsure of what else to do.
"I have to shower." Tony sighs, as he slides off the bed and away from Steve, bursting the bubble they create when they're alone. "You've made me late again Steve, Pepper might be having a word with you."
"The heart wants what it wants Tony." Pepper yawned into the receiver. "and wouldn't never knowing be worse? You'll constantly have a what if hanging over your head?" She yawned again, and Tony knew he had to let her go. "Whatever you choose to do, remember I love you and will bail you out of Vermont jail should it end in punching."
Sam didn't get a chance to finish as Clint chirped in. "It's pretty fancy for sitting on our asses Cap, got a hot date after this or something?"
And Tony can't even be upset at the question, because this is Pepper, and they're talking about Steve, and she knows the history, she knows the ripple effects he caused.
"Must run in the family." Tony said with a laugh, immediately noticing the look he was getting from across the table. "Oh come on, don't look at me like that."
"Any time." Clint replied with a smirk.
"Hah!" Clint leaned in wrapping his arms around the chips and pulled them towards himself.
Steve just blinked at Tony, because Seriously. "Tony, how did you get my bike in your shop?"
The tension from Steve's shoulders seemed to ease up, and his face relaxed. "Thanks." He moved across the kitchen to join Tony on the other side, dodging waitstaff with ease as he did. "You look amazing."
"I think we need a better definition of what constitutes as
"Fair." Tony shrugged, after the kissing Sam Wilson mishap, there had been a lot of hearsay about Steve Rogers, this seemed a bit extreme, but if here was one thing Tony had learned about Steve, it was that he rarely did things simply. "But why the surprise?"
"Well.." This time Steve glanced back at Sam, who stood staring at him, expectantly. "We were out for a run and just stumbled upon a rainbow flag-"
"Be nice." Steve finishes, glaring up from his phone and the mess he's created.
"He did." Steve had found a particularly annoying comment,  '
"I don't know what do to Tony." Natasha rolled onto her back to stare at his ceiling, defeated and sad.
Steve had been laughing at the mishap when he said it. Wiping away the tears caused by laughter from his eyes. "I love you."
Steve stepped back as the door swung open, as if surprised Tony opened it at all. "I wanted to talk."
, but other than that, it looks like nothing. So Steve tosses his phone to the side and turns his attentions back onto Tony.
"Jesus Tony!" Steve immediately dropped his arms, feeling heat rise up his neck, there was no way in hell his face wasn't bright red, Tony noticed, because he threw his head back and laughed.
- before staring up at the ceiling. Because he still hadn't gotten used to the whole voice in the walls situation.
"Sometimes we would spend an entire night arguing about the most ridiculous things." Steve admitted. "But somehow it worked. A summer fling turned into something more" Steve was looking down at his hands. "We even managed to get engaged."
"I know." Steve lets out a soft laugh, before stealing a quick kiss from Tony, for the first time on the common floor without the worry of being spotted. And that in itself is enough to take the tension out of Steve's shoulders and melt away the stress of the day entirely. "Do you want to go get some sleep?"
“You still have me.” He finally said, words barely carried over the empty space between them.
Tony's eyebrows knotted together as he watched Steve carefully. "Know what?" he wanted to play dumb, but he knew it was bad advice the second Rhodey gave it to him, yes, definitely all his
to compliment her soft beauty.  It wasn't a surprise to him that he had fallen for her completely the day she arrived in his office. A young lady hired to help him find his footing, grab his dry cleaning and remind him to eat. At twenty years old that was like winning the lottery. He had been tossed to the lions after his fathers death, and if it hadn't been for Pepper Potts, Stark Industries would have died along with Howard.
"An elderly man I met at Darla's funeral had it." Steve spoke, moving across the space towards the bike. "He said it was old and didn't even start anymore but I could take it off his hands if I wanted to."
Tony swallowed his drink slowly, calculating his next move, the silence dragged on and he wasn't sure if there was going to be a way out if he waited any longer. "Or." Tony spoke carefully. "What I might have said."
"What's so funny?" Natasha asked, bare feet padding into the kitchen. Her hair was tied back, and she wore yoga pants with a t-shirt, clearly on her way down to the gym.
A chill shot through Tony, the suit not doing much for insulation, winter was not his favorite time, and the holidays that came within the season were even more disliked. Twisting himself around skyscrapers, the suit howled with the wind. Around, he moved, faster until he saw it. The blue figure standing out bright against the low lights of the tower, the speckles of red drawing him in even more. The man sat calm, over the edge, his feet dangling above the empty space below. Shoulders hunched dangerously and no fear across his face. He sat on top of the world, or as close as he could get.
"I'd like that." Steve says quietly, but sincerely.
"It's fine I can take your money later." Tony quipped back easy.
"Yes."  Tony agrees, removing his arm from against the elevator door. "Goodnight Miss Romanov."
"I don't think so." Tony said with a shake of his head, not sure when everyone had begun sticking their nose in his business, or why he was allowing it.
Ever since waking up, or defrosting as
"Do cute people even live in Vermont?" Tony asked as the elevator announced it's arrival with a ding. "Seriously why are you choosing to get married there, what's the draw?"
"Do you want me to go?" Steve whispered back, blue eyes burning into Tony's brown ones.
Sam sung out a classic "oooooh." as Natasha tried her best to tell Clint to shut up under her breath.
"Poor Pepper." She sighs, tucking red strands behind her ear, her hair is a mess, still half up from the evening before, and a night of what Tony would only guess was exciting enough to not worry about taking all the hair clips out of her head.
"And this is why you're number two in my speed dial."
"Van's empty." Black Widow reported. "But we have a bigger problem on our hands, Cap."
"So, about my problem?"
Tony groaned, loud and obvious, partly in anger, part because he was tired and no one would just let him sleep. He rubbed his tired eyes as he once again found himself padding towards his hotel room door. The knocking this time was continuous, Tony had no idea for how long it had been going on but it couldn't have been for too long because whoever it was still had a lot of stamina.
"Affirmative, Captain."
"Why'd you do it?" Tony found himself asking, though for the first time in many years he didn't even sound angry when he said it. "Why did you sleep with her?"
The elevator whirred to life, and Tony rested his head against Steve's shoulder, contently sighing as he did. "I owe you one, big time for tonight."
"You've just begun young one, just wait." Tony comments, leaning in and pressing a quick kiss to Steve's cheek. "I just wanted to say good morning before I head into the office."
"I'm just going to assume you're making sense." Steve grumbled. "I don't even know what's going wrong this time."
"It's a long story." Tony found himself admitting. "Look I don't want to ruin the rest of the night, It can wait until tomorrow."
"You leave them alone for ten minutes." Tony said almost absentmindedly as one of the posters caught his attention. It had partially unrolled, and Tony caught a glimpse of something familiar, he found himself unrolling it before Steve even had a chance to scoop his shirt back up from the floor.
"A moment over what?" Steve pressed. "You'd think the world is literally falling apart upstairs and you're down here sulking, what is it?"
Tony looks down at their hands, fingers interlocked together, fitting perfectly like they once did, and he knows that this is just
"A Toast." He kept his blue eyes burning into the glass on the table  "To forever." Steve didn't bother with the cup, taking his drink from the bottle instead.
"Steve." Exasperated Tony spun on his heel, planting his palms firmly on the kitchen island and eyeing Steve from across it. "Do you even pay any attention to me when I talk?" Tony knew the answer to that one, Steve knew the answer to that one.
"I can't." Steve sighs, finally using his words. "I have some stuff to wrap up and the next wedding to prep for, but Maybe the weekend after next?"
"Thanks." Steve called over his shoulder as he started out of the living room and back towards the elevator.
"Earlier this morning in the kitchen, Tony nearly choked on his coffee mid sentence." She waited for the guys to notice the obvious issue here, and when they didn't she continued "Tony never chokes on coffee, he could literally inhale it and survive. They were talking about Steve getting him home last night - and Steve blushed."
His question was met with silence and it wasn't until he looked up that he saw Tony's brown eyes burning into him.
"A friend." Tony answered quickly. "And trust me, if he saw you, he would understand, now- come on Steve, Summer doesn't last forever."
"You're lame, guys kiss each other all the time now Cap, get with the twenty first century, I figured you'd know that with Tony's tongue in your mouth all the time." Clint says with a laugh, but he turns on his couch cushion and gets up on his knees so he's leaning over the back of the couch and tilting his cheek towards Steve. "Okay, Come on, plant one on me lover boy."
"Hi Tony." Steve smiled, stepping off the elevator, making a beeline directly for Tony, and pulling him in for a kiss.
"Your hair looks fine." Steve says, turning his attention to Tony. "I wanted to say something to you, and to the public, and I wanted to do it in a way that it wouldn't be misinterpreted or wrongly quoted."
Natasha rolled her eyes, mumbling "three of a kind." as she tossed her cards into the folded pile.
"Oh my god." Steve rolled his eyes "I just got dressed I don't know what to tell you."
Tony happily obliges. because he too hadn't been able to get the picture of Steve on top of him out of his head, and had spent many nights in the shower recreating just that. Only this time is different, it's hot but it's not a mess.
A few amateur photos of Steve and Sam on various runs flashed across the screen, and one or two paparazzi ones of the two of them on missions.
The metal plates of the armor squealed as he banked a corner, maybe a little too tightly, barely an inch from the brick side of a building. "One Sec-" Iron Man huffed into the comms, twisting to his back, and engaging his repulsors, not only sending the ugly green drone crashing to the street below him, but boosting his speed a fraction. "Take that!" He cheered triumphantly.
"Su- Sure." Clint replied gasping for air between his burst of laughter.
Clint was hanging around the patio, surrounded by lilies and looking completely at a loss. It was only then that Tony remembered the troubles Natasha had called about earlier.
Before Steve had a chance to press any further Sam came up behind him, wrapping his arm around his shoulders. "Look who finally decided to join us."
Tony's brow furrowed as he looked down at the girl. "Not that I think they would be any better at handling this, but where are Clint and Sharon?" He really didn't think he was going to be any help, what the hell did he know about relationships? But from the short time he had spent with a woman too afraid to just ask a guy out, and a guy who only a mother could love, Tony didn't think they would be much better.
Steve offered her a smile, stepping out of the lift onto the main shared floor. "Tony asked me to pick him up from that bar he was at." He gave a one shoulder shrug, heading past the super spy towards the kitchen. "He went and got himself too drunk to find his way home."
"Alright fine." Bucky says with a shrug, and Tony would rather not know.
"How are you feeling?" Natasha sat at the kitchen table, flipping through SHIELD Files as she ate a piece of toast. Her bare feet were pulled up onto her chair, and her red hair was pulled up into a bun on top of her head. She offered Tony a smile as he entered the room, she was so domestic sometimes it blew Tony's mind. "I hear you had quite the night."
"Sam's afraid of risk." Clint said around a mouth full of popcorn, tossing a chip into the pile "Call-"
"Why does everyone think we're dating?" Steve asked as he stepped off the elevator, his eyes falling back down to his phone screen.
"If you say mean I will kick you-"
"Back door." Tony spoke as he spotted the rear exit. "Of the bar- I will be waiting."
Inhaling, Steve could feel the frozen snowflakes tickle his nose, the snow always brought a calm, a clean feeling above the dirty streets. Falling and blanketing everything it could with the purest white. The street traffic fell to a minimum with only the odd sirens filling the air after night fall. If it wasn't for the chill that met his bones, winter would have been his favorite time, but it never could be again. Not without the nightmares and the guilt.
The fifth time Steve said it, he wished for the first time, that Tony knew how much he actually meant it.
"Who needs closure?" Tony asked, not really wanting the answer to that "Pepper if you think you and I didn't work out because I didn't have closure..."
"For my birthday Steve got me an Iron." Tony found himself looking directly at Steve, who was turning bright red, almost cringing at the memory. "I was nineteen living in band t-shirts never ironed a thing a day in my life. I'm not sure what he expected me to do with an iron."
"Sounds like Pepper has been really good for you." Steve says, his tone changes, and it's only then that Tony realizes he had said part of that out loud.
"Before you-" Tony waved a hand, stopping Steve's mouth from opening. "I know it's not my place, that we aren't.. you know whatever, but it still bothers me, I'm sorry." he shrugged lamely. "I'll get over it, I just needed some time away from it all."
Sharon, annoyed now punched Clint in the arm, sending him stumbling sideways. "If we're all done making jokes of bad taste on her wedding day-" She eyed Tony as she spoke. "We need to start getting ready, Natasha."
Tony turns his gaze back to the ceiling. "I do." He admits with a surprising ease. "More than I've ever loved anyone in my entire life."
Still, he had to make sure both parties were in agreement. The tone in Tony's voice almost worried him.
"Hello? Sam?" Tony called out, stepping further into the home. He didn't know what good his shouting would do, but he figured it couldn't help. It's not like he had gotten the grand tour when he was there last, if he had, he was drunk and didn't remember it. He peeked into the kitchen, the faces in there didn't even acknowledge his presence, all focused on their tasks,  and none looked familiar so Tony decided to step back towards the living room.
"Alright folks." Natasha sighs, gracefully lifting herself out of the chair,  "I have about fifty more family members to go place nice with before I can eat, so I'm probably going to die."
"I haven't ever been in your room before" Natasha says, fingers dragging over the spine of books lining a book shelf against the back wall, before stopping on a particularly old looking book. "How could I have not been in here before?"
"I haven't seen you smile like that in years." Bucky said pointing at the next photo, it was of Steve, sitting alone at an old table, tattered boxes stacked up around him, he had his cheek resting on his palm, looking just past the camera, his head tilted in that way of admiration that Tony knew all too well. Steve's smile was soft, and blissful. "You look so happy."
"Bucky is the groom." Tony took another breath, slowly piecing together the connection. "James is marrying Natasha." he sighed, how did he not know this - how did he not see this - why didn't he ask for names, for pictures for anything to prevent this. To prevent him from having to face Steve.
Natasha rolled her eyes, pressing the button for the ground floor. "Will you please ask Pepper one last time if she's sure she wont be able to make it?"
"It's nothing" He hesitated with the words, not sure how to say it all out loud. "I'm just not used to seeing Tony that drunk."  Lying through his teeth - sort of - but he didn't really want to talk to anyone about what was just said to him. Tony was drunk, very drunk. There was a very huge, very likely possibility that Tony wouldn't even remember what he said or did. He also didn't need to concern his team mates with personal matters, or non-matters for that matter.
"Don't pity ask me out." Tony nearly wined. "It's fine, Steve, I promise I will get over it, I'll still be here in the morning, I just let my feelings get the best of me, don't do something you'll regret."
Steve had hidden his crush for so long, never thinking that Tony could even possibly be interested in him. Not beautiful charismatic Tony, but the more Steve thought about it the more he realized that those private thoughts that Tony shared had to have come from somewhere, and maybe just maybe he meant them.
"Tony." Steve had followed him.
Just saying it, made it too real all over again, and Tony could feel the sadness rise up into his chest, and to make matters worse, if almost on cue, Steve had come out of the stairwell.  Tony wanted to roll his eyes at the dramatic timing of it all, it was becoming painfully clear he would not be able to avoid him. "Great timing, you really have a flare for these sorts of things huh?" The words came from Tony laced in a bit more poison than his usual jabs, but he figured he'd get a pass on this one.
Tony had begged him not to go, had promised Steve that they could make up, that he could forgive him. They argued for weeks, Tony pleading with Steve to give him one more chance, like he was the one that had fucked up, while Steve just gave up.  The one person who Tony fully gave his heart to, who held it and crushed it stood in front of him today looking the same as the day he left and it killed.
It's impossible,  Tony thinks to himself, there's no way out of this conversation where he comes out okay, he knows this, Steve knows this, and so they stand in silence. Steve's face looks less sure of itself, but his mouth isn't moving, and that's enough of an answer for Tony. So instead, flustered and overcome with emotion, Tony apologizes and excuses himself to his penthouse. Steve doesn't follow.  And he shouldn't - who in their right mind would.
"Would you mind if I started breakfast?" Natasha asks, sliding off of the bed. "The smell of bacon might resuscitate Clint."
"I didn't mean-" Steve shook his head with an amused smile, pushing the start button and taking off into a steady job. "I meant usually you spend the middle of your nights mad scientist-ing."
He debated not going in at all, but then he remembered why he was here in the first place, Natasha. This weekend was not about him, and as much as he wanted to act like a petulant child, he knew he also didn't want to ruin his friends wedding.  Vermont is a large place  echoed Pepper's words in his head.
Steve liked to think himself a good friend, and as much as he really wished he could hide away in his room he knew he couldn't be the one to just ditch Tony in the elevator, and hope J.A.R.V.I.S. got him up in one pieces. So he moved around the car in a few quick strides, helping Tony out and to his feet. "I guess, Since you asked so nicely."
"What exactly were you expecting to happen?" The scientist asked, pushing the glasses up his nose. "You're Captain America Steve."
Tony had never been good with feelings, especially vocalizing feelings, usually he just tried to make his actions speak louder, though not always clearer. So he would blame the ridiculous amount of painkillers that were being poured into his body, which caused him to experience an overwhelming sensation of emotion warp over him.
"Oh my God, Tony no."
"No!" Tony insisted. "Well not technically-" he grabbed the phone taking it off speaker and putting it to his ear again. "But, I may have implied that I wanted to."
"BECAUSE" Tony yelled back. "What if I fuck up? What if it doesn't work out?" the panic returned, his eyes widened and he could feel his stomach twist and turn. "I don't deserve this, I don't deserve to be happy because I always screw it up some how, I don't want to drag someone else down with me when I inevitably self implode. It's not fair.  If I don't go forward with this maybe..."
"This better be an emergency." Pepper's voice was low, and laced in sleep, and Tony almost felt bad.
"Actually.." Pepper sighs, knowing that Steve has been successfully defeated. "Her Twitter account is trending almost weekly."
"Lead the way." Tony said. Though when he said it, he hadn't expected to need to put on his shoes, and go traversing through the wild. Okay, that wasn't exactly fair, it wasn't really the wild, as it was though the property. They passed the barn, which looked even more lovely in the light of day without the fog of vodka in Tony's head. Although now that he saw it clearly, he couldn't help bust ask. "So what made you want to open up a place and watch a bunch of people get married in Vermont?"
It was there that Steve faltered, looking down at the black box in his outstretched hand. "I wanted to do this right this time. I'm not afraid of life anymore, I know I'm an idiot, but.. I want to be your idiot for now and forever, if you'll have me. We don't have to rush anything. You.. you don't even need to reply but-"
"Long story short, we had a nasty break up." Tony shrugged. "And in the middle of it my parents died, so I took it a bit more personally than any other person would have which you know- " Tony motioned to himself and then pointed a thumb over his shoulder "Lead me to running out the door the second I saw his face. Bad memories and all of that."
"You're still a sap in the mornings." Tony shoots back, and then Steve is smiling wide at him, and Tony can't help but mimic it.
Steve coughed to try and hide the fact he had just choked on his spit, Tony smirked knowing full well what had just happened, he may have been drunk but he was not stupid. The wide eyes that were now staring at the road also gave Steve shock away.
"I want you to kiss me." The words left Tony's mouth quickly, like if he didn't speak them, they would get lost. Steve had made it clear he was cautious with Tony, he needed explicit directions, and Tony was not too proud of himself to give them. "Please, kiss me."  he added for good measure.
The group if people in the kitchen was small, it appeared to be just the bridal party, which he had met last night, he remembered Natasha telling him that she was not very close to her family, she had no siblings and all her cousins were much older than her growing up. She had said that James didn't have a close relationship with his family and his mother had passed a year or so back.
"So segregation ended in the sixties, right?" Steve pulled a hand down his face, looking up at the holographic screen above Tony's head. A collection of videos and news articles displayed just for him. An attempt to help him understand his current predicament.
Pepper laughs a light breezy laugh, and Steve can't help himself but smile along. He likes Pepper, he always has. She's strong, and brave and has this way with Tony that he could only dream of having - that he may have picked up some habits from watching - but he wont ever admit that out loud.
"You're really going to make me tell all your friends about that blue popcorn maker?" Tony asked, though he didn't wait for Steve to reply because he turned to Natasha and continued. "He got me this bright blue air popper. I don't even like popcorn."
"Shit." Steve had to remember to close his jaw, he looked like an idiot, but he also felt like one. No, he felt like an Ass. A complete and total ass. He had toted privacy as the reason for keeping whatever it was he and Tony were doing between them. He had spouted tons of bullshit about keeping what they had between them, even if it was the worst kept secret of the entire tower. And here he had gone and kissed Sam for the public, before even considering Tony.
Steve didn't get a chance to finish whatever it is he was going to say, because Tony couldn't hold off any longer before ducking down and catching Steve's mouth with his own. "I have a few hours before I need to be at the airport." he says against the blondes lips.
"Tony." He moved around the work bench separating them, coming to a crouch in front of Tony, who still sat, now somewhat bewildered, in his chair. Carefully, Steve placed both his hands on Tony's thighs and held him in place. "Would you please be my boyfriend, for real, officially?"
Steve grunted, throwing his shield towards two more drones above him, raining bullets down on him, knocking them both out. "8th street is clear, Widow what's the situation." He scooped his shield up off the ground where it had landed, before taking off towards the white windowless van.
This time, when they had sex it was slow, and drawn out. There were no fast desperate movements, everything soft, and caressing, and full of feeling. Gentle kisses placed upon skin where bruises and scratches used to lie. Their movements in sync, as if they were moving as one. Tony breathes out Steve's name as he feels his head go light, and it's all he can do to not completely go slack as Steve thrusts up in to him again, holding his eyes with his own as they come together. It's so fucking weird, but Tony can't help himself to want to do it again, almost immediately as they sprawl out in a sweaty sticky pile onto the now stained satin sheets beneath them. It's quiet, but their legs remain twisted together, as their chests struggle to calm.
Bucky took his hand and gave a polite nod, before looking over Tony's shoulder. "Looks like Clint owes you ten bucks."
If Steve could stay like this forever he would. If Tony asked him to stay he would - but Tony doesn't, and Steve doesn't suggest and so they do what they do best, and when they're done, they clean up between kisses and continue with their lives.
“I’d rather stay up here with you.” Steve kissed the omega’s nose.
Also, I am British so hopefully I don't make too many mistakes. I'll probably use British terms rather than American.
“Oh my god.” Steve groaned, resting his head on Tony’s shoulder as the three packmates walked passed them and into the dining room to the rest of the pack. Tony let out a quiet laugh, a hand running through Steve’s hair. “I need a new pack. Please, can we run away and start another of our own.”
The two alphas went about creating a strategy as the omega stared down at the tablet. He did try his best to get something done, to finish off the guidance system for SHIELD, but he just couldn’t focus. Tony didn’t have his loud music. He wasn’t in his workshop. He couldn’t speak over Steve just to talk to JARVIS. He couldn’t focus. Even the bots were busy. DIEGO was with Bruce at SHIELD, TIA and WIM were down in the basement with Bucky and Natasha, BRIE was cleaning in the library with Loki and he was pretty sure Thor had Steve Jr. So instead he decided to play some bubble shooting game Clint had installed and if anyone asked, he was being productive. After going through nearly fifty levels, Brock spoke up.
“Let’s kick ass, greasy bros,” Clint smirked, flicking out his bow as he looked at Loki and Bucky, both beta’s glaring at him.
“Shut up Clint, Bruce is nervous again. Loki made chicken korma if you want it.” The redhead began, glaring at her best friend before softening her gaze at Bruce.
“You have to tell me what’s wrong with him.” Steve pleaded. The doctor seemed hesitant, debating his ethics and patient confidentiality in telling Steve. “Please. He could be in trouble.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah, I understand.” A pause. “I’m sorry you never really got to know your mum.”
Steve’s phone began to ring. The alpha didn’t even notice at first until Natasha gently nudged him. Steve took out his phone, no caller ID, but he answered anyway, bringing the phone up to his ear.
Tony stumbled through the crowd, pushing his way through to the toilets. He was getting tired of the people now. After relieving himself at the urinal and washing his hands, he left the toilets before going outside to the smoking area.
“Go be annoying elsewhere.” Pepper hung up, Tony pouting as the room filled with the sound of AC/DC once more.
“You impress me more and more each day. You know that, right?”
“Tony?” The brunette’s head turned around to look at the sleepy alpha who was sitting up in bed, a hand come up to rub at his eyes.
“Definitely do. Can I just go see Bruce first to tell him I’m okay?”
“Okay, we’re all good here. Let’s move out.”
Fur colour: Creamy-white (solid)
“Oops. My foot slipped.” Clint smirked, using the scientist’s words from earlier. “It’s not nice, is it? Plus, I have to stick up for my boy here. He’s the nicest one out of you all.” The archer gestured to Tony and looked around at everyone.
Hearing the door open, Tony briefly glanced up to see Brock Rumlow enter the living room. From first glance, something felt off about the alpha, but he ignored him, going back to looking at the tablet screen. Steve walked into the room soon after, through the connecting doors from the kitchen, causing Tony to look up at him.
“He’s called Thor puny. Don’t worry about it.” Clint’s voice came from behind him.
Pepper Potts: Omega Wolf
“And trust me, one day you’re going to come home and there’s going to be an elevator.”
“We’ve got orders to take you back to the quinjet.” Clint looked over at the omega.
“Alright, alright. I’ll think about it.”
“Oh no, no. No. No. I’m not part of this.”
“Bruce Banner. New shifters aren’t allowed into the labs until they confirm working with SHIELD.” Bruce explains to the wolf in front of him, curious about what he was doing.
“Kay, just a sec.”
The omega’s eyes darkened. “Don’t you dare hurt him. Any of them."
“Splendid I believe.”
“I’m serious.”
“I hate you.”
“This is soo cool! You made all of this?” Peter gasped, reaching for the hologram.
“Try Katniss.” Bruce offered.
“Everyone, clear out,” Steve called down the comm, running over to a window. “It’s a trap.”
“It’s me, Brooke, from last night.”
“JARVIS… Where am I?” Tony glanced down at his watch, pressing the button to activate the AI.
The omega turned to face Steve once more, seeing him now in his wolf form. The golden wolf turned to face Tony, his tail wagging as he jumped up and down.
“Steve, your pack is amazing.” Tony was still on the alpha’s lap but was now facing the alpha instead of having his back to the blonde’s chest. The omega swallowed, looking away from the blonde. “I-I’ve never had anything like this before. Meals were silent, well for me at least. I wasn’t allowed to talk unless I was spoken directly to, which was a rare occurrence… I was lucky if I got half a plate of food, let alone dessert. You don’t know how amazing tonight has been for me, even if it wasn’t what you were expecting.”
“Okay. Taxi though. I’m too lazy to walk.” The omega nodded as a smile spread across Steve’s face. “I’m just going toilet first though.” Tony slipped out of the booth and walked off to the toilets.
“No, but-”
“Go ahead. I’ll be out in a minute.” Steve kissed the omega’s forehead “you can get ready to go.” He turned to face Bucky and Natasha as Tony nodded. The omega turned away and walked out back where the rest of the pack was waiting for their alpha to lead them out.
Fire hummed softly, looking up at the ceiling. Tony had been gone for some time now, probably around an hour, she wasn’t very sure. Without a clock, she wouldn’t know for sure. The cheetah had finished her dinner, as disgusting as it was, it was still food and she couldn’t afford to go hungry, especially if she wanted to get out of this place.
“They were successful then?”
“Tony...”
“Do you have one?”
“What’s going on?” Steve asked.
Fur colour: Mainly brown, bits of black along his back, white underbelly and muzzle
Steve grinned, watching as Tony lead Peter over to the big table that they sat at when discussing things. Tony asked JARVIS to pull up holograms of the things he had designed. The delta pup was filled with more wonder, watching the holograms.
omega. It stuck in his head as he approached the two agents that stuck up for him. He noticed that Brooke had gone over to her alpha and beta, shouting at them both as she dragged them off.
Steve sat beside Tony as Steve Jr flew over, beeping happily as he landed on the omega’s lap. This seemed to signal the other bots, the four of them flying into the room and swarming around Tony.
“Clint.” Steve groaned as the delta made inappropriate hand gestures.
“Bots?”
“I think it’s sweet, they look happy.” Steve smiled.
“What kind of jobs do you-” the wolf was cut off from finishing his sentence from a knock at the door and a head poking in.
It's the second from last chapter! Thank you so much to everyone reading this!
“Busted.” The brunette laughed.
“That wasn’t me! I swear!” The archer responded.
Tony needs to understand he deserves to be loved and happy, and maybe he starts to realise that.
“Correct again, J… Just do it.” Tony looked around the training area. The only light coming into the room was from the pool, but he could see just fine. “Now, where are you?” The omega muttered to himself.
"I'm going to help Tony bury you."
"I know how." Tony offered, taking a small step forward as he did. "Not to brag or anything but I've been tying my own since I was five."
At that, Tony's eyebrows came together, and his brown eyes stared at Steve. "You kissed Sam."
"Did you sleep in that chair all night?" Tony asks, after a beat of silence scares him into losing this, whatever this is.
." Sam chimed in. "and what makes you think that?"
"You're pacing." Natasha's words were sharp, though she looked harmless leaning over a mirror and applying red lipstick to her lips. Rubbing them together with a smack before raising a perfectly sculptured eyebrow at Tony. "Stop pacing."
"I just wanted to make sure you were alright." She says carefully, stepping further into the room. "I lost track of you last night, and just wanted to see where you ended up."
Natasha quirked an eyebrow up at Tony, her green eyes piercing through him, as if she was reading his mind, and knowing he was lying from the second he opened his mouth.
Steve's body shifts beside him, and Tony knows that caught his attention. He doesn't want to go, but he needs to. He knows he has to, and he knows that Steve knows he has to. The company, Pepper, Tony's entire life was in New York, almost Tony's entire life. It was time to get back to reality. They both knew this was going to happen.
And as surely as the sun sets and the moon rises, time had run out for Tony.
The thing was, they had never really talked about what they
As the boat rose once more, Tony felt his insides lift with it, and the uncomfortable wash of heat through his cheeks in addition to the chill snaking its way down his spine told him he couldn’t delay the inevitable for much longer. If his calculations were correct, and they usually were, he only had about one swell left in him before the tight control he had over the contents of his stomach were relinquished to fate.
“First of all, not motion sick, just seasick,” Tony swallowed thickly, his voice softening. “Not used to not being in the driver’s seat I guess.”
either.
Steve was leaned against the cool tiles of the bathroom wall, gently wiping a cool cloth from Tony’s temple down his neck. Tony was situated with his back against Steve’s chest, eyes closed and breathing measured, the colour slowly returning to his skin. Natasha could tell he was still awake by the way he held his body; not yet lax, posture still too composed and measured for sleep.
“Alone,” he rasped, the acid snaking its way up his throat making his voice raw. Tony’s eyes still burned with fierce obstinacy that Steve recognised as one of the Stark family heirlooms.
The archer shrugged, and instead made his way over to the cupboard where he haphazardly pulled a full loaf of Wonderbread and a jar of Smuckers peanut butter and jelly from the pantry, retrieved a half blunt knife from the waist-level drawer, and began his mission as this assignment’s elected Snack Leader Supreme.
“Then I’ll do that alone, too.”
at me, Rogers?” Tony mumbled, his remark lacking its usual bite.
. Steve wondered sometimes if he wasn’t really imbued with some sort of super-drug. “You know, for somebody called Iron Man, I would’ve thought you’d have an iron clad stomach too.”
Steve raised an eyebrow, shooting Clint a look. “Bardon, not helping.”
But it was bright as day to the rest of the team that they wanted each other. They
Steve reached out once more to place a hand on Tony’s back as they rocked their way through another swell, watching as the pallor of his skin took on the shade of paper. This time Tony didn´t shoo him away, and Steve´s eyes narrowed in concern. It was testament to how shitty Tony must be feeling with the lack of quips and snark that regularly accompanied most interactions.
But Steve’s shield was made to protect and uphold, not to tear down the walls Tony had so thoroughly and painstakingly built and reinforced time and time again.
Smiling to herself knowingly, Natasha turned around to leave them in their moment. Her shower could wait. As she gently closed the door behind her, she heard Steve murmur quietly:
“Nat, can you look after Wanda and Pietro? Make sure they’ve settled in.”
“Like he even had a chance.” Bucky snorted.
“You’re a catch, Tony.”
“I love you too.”
Tony let out a sigh. Steve made a logical point and he couldn’t argue against it. They had been courting for almost four months now and it didn’t look or feel like it was going to stop anytime soon.
“Okay.”
“Tony?” Steve got up, walking out into the hall were Bruce was hanging up his coat, DIEGO flying off to the other bots. “Is Tony staying late?”
“What did you want to eat first?” Steve asked, placing the basket down.
“I’m trying to protect you.”
“Just get the basics, replace whatever Clint took so Natasha doesn’t come for his head later.” Bruce grinned.
“Adventure! Tony has never ever been on an adventure with a pack before. How sad is that?” The archer gestured to the omega, completely disregarding Steve’s glare.
“It shouldn’t be though,” Bucky replied putting an arm around the smaller male’s shoulders.
“Rhodeeehhh.”
Steve gave one of his innocent smiles, not waiting for a reply as he ushered the alpha out of the door before slamming it closed. Tony let out a sigh, Steve looking over at him.
The delta looked over the outfit choices before looking at the omega. “The dark blue one with the black shirt.”
Hey, look who decided to finally put her crap together and update
“I regret nothing.” Steve grinned, walking into the room.
Steve let out a whine but turned around, sitting down as he let the omega change out of his clothes and put them in the chest along with the blonde’s own. Steve let out another whine, clearly, he was becoming impatient as he started to turn his head.
"I promise not to kiss anyone else like that again." Steve replies instead, gaining a real smile out of Tony for it. "Instagram has turned me into a monster."
Steve's brain clicked loudly, clearly, and a wave of realization washed over him with nearly enough force to knock the air right out of him. "It's the statement." the Statement with
Pepper didn't get a chance to pretend to be offended. As soon as Natasha saw them come off the elevator she jumped to her feet.
And now Tony really did think he was living in the twilight zone - or maybe was dreaming. Carefully he lifted himself into a seated position, blinking back the headache that immediately hit him, before grabbing the water and the Advil. "Now all I need is-"
"According to our source, they met in D.C." the reporter continued. "and I guess it must be loved if Wilson followed Captain America to New York. In fact, this is not the first time they've been spotted out together!"
"Natasha." Tony said with a sigh, down at his missed call list. He didn't need to say much more, as he watched Steve press the send button on his phone and it started to ring. Instead Tony focused on fixing his mussed clothes, and calming his crotch.
The omega thought, grinding to a halt has guards came running down the hallway towards him.
Tony was muttering something about curses from the elevator to his room. Luckily, Agent Coulson had updated the delta’s card, so it had access to Tony’s room in case of emergencies. And this was one of them. Keeping an arm around the omega so he didn’t wander off to disturb the other residents, he scanned his card on the door handle, pushing Tony carefully into the room when it unlocked.
Tony let out a soft sigh. “She passed away when I was two. I have some very fuzzy memories, snippets, mainly her at a piano, but nothing strong. There were a few pictures of her around the house and my father wouldn’t speak about her, I guess it was hard for him. He never moved on, just continued to run the business and pack. I picked up occasional things from others, but not a lot. Sometimes I wish I could just talk to her, see her for just a few minutes even. Just so I can have a stronger memory of her. Do you get what I mean?”
After parking into his space at SHIELD HQ, Bruce got Tony out of the car, which was much easier than getting him in, despite the omega nearly falling flat on his face. Bruce struggled to get his key card out while trying to keep hold of the drunk wolf who wanted to go “make friends with Leafy the Tree”. Eventually, he managed to pull it off and lead the omega into the lobby as he was blabbering away about some tech that Bruce could barely make out.
“Tammi doesn’t know about Steve’s eyes.”
“Yes.” Tony grinned, shuffling up to Steve.
“I think it was the other way around you know.”
Steve finished his shower soon enough and walked over to his chest of draws as the brunette walked into the bathroom once more, blow-drying his hair before styling it the way he wanted.  By the time he was done, Steve was dressed and ready to go. He had put their towels into the clothes hamper and made a mental note to put their things in the wash tomorrow as it was getting pretty full. The blonde held out a hand for Tony, the smaller wolf taking it as the two walked hand-in-hand.
“Gross.” Steve gave Bucky a look. “Kidding! Awww my Stevie-kins has finally settled down!” Bucky’s metal arm wrapped around the older man’s shoulders, shaking him gently. “I never thought I’d see the day, not after before. I’m so happy for you Steve. I mean it.”
“Have you always been a shifter?” Wanda asked.
Tony is me on a night out though. My emotions are all over the place.
“You get all my attention though.”
Yeah, he may have also set up JARVIS now the pack had gone out too. That was going to be a nice surprise for them when they got back.
“Let it out then.” Tony sighed, sitting on the desk. “Tell me how much of an awful omega I am.”
“Wait- what?”
They were currently staying in a motel in Minnesota. A HYDRA base was close by and the pack was currently taking turns to survey it before moving in. Thor and Sam had done the latest shift, Natasha and Loki taking over from them. The Quinjet was hidden in a forest nearby, disguised by the stealth mode Tony had installed.
Tony let out a soft sigh but smiled fondly, letting Steve clean his cut and patch it up. Tony looked to the left, Steve sighing when the omega turned his head, out of the quinjet window to the building that he had been kept in for three months now. The building that was on fire. Tony turned to the right, Steve let out another sigh as he still tried to patch up the omega. Tony watched as Agent Coulson talked to Wanda and Pietro. He’d probably be asking them to stay at SHIELD like he once did to him. That didn’t sit well with the brunette. He needed to make sure they would be okay.
“Oh.” A blush had spread across the wolf’s cheeks as he stopped too, taking the jumper and sliding it on over his head. “I lost my jacket earlier… Thank you.” The omega stepped closer, hesitantly, before standing up on his tiptoes to kiss the alpha’s cheek.
“Of course. The whole pack has just kinda been like a helicopter parent to me. I normally get followed everywhere and I can’t do anything myself. I couldn’t even make myself a drink.”
“Wanda.” She looked back at her brother. “That’s Pietro. We're twins.”
“I’m getting picked up for a mission, you’re staying here and using that big brain of yours to make stuff I can’t even comprehend.”
Tony nodded, smiling gently at Bruce before sipping his coffee. “I just feel like I won’t be a good enough omega, and then you’ll guys will hate me.”
“It wasn’t a good idea to go out drunk though, was it?” Steve was using his alpha voice, hoping it would make the three wolves pay attention as he looked over them. “Bruce was very worried about you all. You know better than to run off.”
“I know, but you can’t keep him in the dark Tony. You need to tell him how you feel.”
Over the course of that time, the two omegas got to know one another very well. They shared everything from family and friends to favourite movies and if pineapple on pizza was a crime or not. Tony was glad that they both agreed it was. Tony knew that there was no way he could handle this without Fire. Although she was crazy, she kept him sane.
“Helping you choose an outfit for a meal is a two, actually, more like a one. We agreed, three or higher and I’ll make an excuse to leave.”
“Tony you can’t come.” To which Tony only replied with a raised eyebrow. “You’re pregnant!”
“You smell like me.” Tony lifted his head, the female had slid out from hiding, now in front of the male. “Who are you?” She asked. She had an accent, Eastern European.
Steve is "a little" protective.
"Oh, I think they would do anything to get to you, Tony. It's so easy to just, lead them astray."
“Get out,” Steve repeated, opening the front door, Tony watching from behind the living room door. Steve gripped the dark-haired alpha as he was about to leave and let out a low growl. “And if you ever, and I mean ever, talk to my mate or any of my pack like that again, you will be coming out of this house in a body bag.”
“You literally won’t let me do anything alone!” Tony grabbed his mug, needing something else to focus on. He was close to losing it, he could feel the anger rising, hormones slowly making him lose control.
“It means a lot to me.” The omega smiled, texting the two wolves. “At least they can’t complain too much now.”
“Let me look after them.” Tony continued. “I doubt you’ve been looking after them. I’ve heard about your previous experiences. And I know it didn’t fail because you wouldn’t have killed Fire.”
“I worry because I don’t want you getting hurt. There are safer ways to test things, Tony. SHIELD would help, you just have to ask Agent Coulson or Carter."
“I’ll try my best to find them, along with my pack, if you come with me?” Steve offered.
“Steve, this place is empty," Natasha said, causing Steve’s brows to furrow. “Just faded scents of shifters.”
“No, you’re not.” Steve gently wiped the blood off from the omega’s cheek. “I need to make sure you’re patched up and that all of you are okay.”
The other two nodded at their alpha’s suggestion and left the lab, Steve taking in one last sniff before leaving the room. It was now obvious that the faint scent from in the corridor was from the new omega. Steve made a plan to ask Bruce about him later. He couldn’t stay, that would be too weird and too suspicious.
“Come on, let’s get you to the quinjet.” Steve pulled back a little, smiling at the brunette before standing.
“Yeah, including JARVIS.”
The blonde nodded in reply. “I do too. I’m going to head off now, get back to my pack. I’ll text you sometime?”
“I was just worried.”
“I've been there; plenty of times. Or just talking to random strangers about the weirdest things.”
“I’m good.” Steve coughed, a brick sliding off his shield as he sat up, looking up at the room that had been blown to pieces, flames flickering in the wind.
“Are you okay? What happened?” The scientist asked, concerned as he brushed a strand of the omega’s hair off his forehead.
Fur colour: Black and brown with bits of white.
He had no idea how to handle the situation, but Tony normally did jokes so he went with that before going to something more meaningful. Wiping away the wolf’s tears as he pulled back from their embrace, he smiled at the omega.
“Hey!” Clint shouted, glaring over at Bruce.
“Let me try.” Natasha pushed the delta aside, a hand coming to rest on the pad. “Natasha Romanoff.”
I really don't want you guys to hate me.
“Hey!” The omega growled, moving away from the grip, turning around to face whoever thought they could touch him.
TIA snuggled up to him, beeping happily, Tony smirking over at Clint.
“Oh. I will have a look.” Faye turned to the computer screen, clicking it a few times. “I can’t find a name under Tony Stark for an appointment today.”
“Tony.”
Steve couldn’t lie to the boy; it was most likely that his aunt and uncle were already dead. But he couldn’t just tell him outright now. Especially without even trying to look.
“Now that’s an ass.” Bucky laughed, causing Steve to groan and turn to face his packmates who were standing with Tony. All of them began to laugh as Steve’s face turned red, Natasha also let out a chuckle.
“Tony, it’s me. You told me to come and wake you if you weren’t at the lab by nine.” The omega wolf heard the delta call from behind the door.
“I’m going for a shower and you should probably keep it down, Clint. Tony might be an omega but I’m pretty sure he can pack a punch. He almost took on an alpha last night, so he won’t be scared to do it.” Bruce raised a brow at his fellow delta, “and Natasha will film it and then it will be all over the internet of how an omega beat your butt.”
The forest started to clear out, opening into another expanse, similar to the one Steve had taken Tony to before. This area was much bigger and had a lake instead of a river, most of the banks were covered in trees, but there was an area that had a soft slope of sand. Sam ran ahead towards it, Clint following before stopping and turning to face back to Tony. The delta bowed down in the play position, rear-end moving along with his wagging tail. Tony returned the bow before chasing after Clint who was heading towards Sam, who was also bowing, tail wagging and tongue hanging out. Tony and Clint returned Sam’s gesture, allowing him to play with him too. The two deltas chased Tony around, the three of them occasionally running and playing the water too.
“Hey, I’m hungry. Want to get some food? I could do with a coffee too. I’ve normally had about 4 by now.” The omega spoke up, sliding off the counter.
“You’ve both been here?” Tony lowered the menu, looking between the two wolves that sat opposite him.
Tony didn’t move from his position. He gave a glance up to the alpha before concentrating on the screen again, aiming a little yellow bubble to hit a row of the same colour. Just as he fired it, the alpha spoke again.
“My mum and dad died when I was a baby.” Peter looked down to the ground as they walked.
“I’ll leave you to it,” Loki responded, picking up his book.
“He’s not here.” Steve shook his head. “I’ve been here since four and Thor has been here all day. He’s not been here. Where is he?”
“Oh, Dr Strange? He does a bit, doesn’t he?” Bruce nodded.
“Shit.” The omega grumbled to himself, realising he left his rollups in his other jacket.
"Were all the shifter DNA you took before pure?" The brunette asked. The scientist gave him a confused look, causing Tony to roll his eyes. "Were both parents shifters?"
“Touché.”
“Leave them be, Clint. Tony, why don’t you go get Steve? He’ll probably be in his room.” Bruce smiled over at Tony. “You remember where it is, right?”
“Pizza sounds good.”
It was 6:30 pm and Tony was drunk out of his mind and ended up creating something that wasn’t his latest SHIELD project. It wasn’t a project at all. Tony got a little bit creative when drunk, and possibly a little mad.
“Steve sent you to watch me, didn’t he?” Tony was trying hard to suppress his anger.
“Let’s go set up the dining room,” Natasha spoke up, sliding off the counter, grabbing the pasta bowls and going over to the beta and two deltas.
Thank you for putting up with me and I hope you enjoy!
The omega sat up a little with a shrug. “Tired but good.” He gave a soft smile and reached for the toast that was on the tray. Steve grabbed it before Tony could and sat on the bed as he began to feed the smaller wolf. “Chinese food is always a winner.”
“We… We were too late we need medical now.”
Tony looked up at Bucky as the beta’s jaw dropped, handing it over to him. Bucky stared down at the arm, before looking up at Tony, then the arm again.
He had managed to cut it down to three choices and was hoping that Pepper would help him choose between the three outfits. All which were different shades of blue waistcoats with different shirts and ties. Tony grabbed his phone again and snapped a picture of the three choices and sent it to the ‘Queenzzz’ group chat that Brooke had set up.
Steve left the kitchen and made his way downstairs to the basement where the rest of the pack were suiting up. A member their pack had gone missing; their alpha’s mate. Steve wouldn’t stop until he found Tony, and neither would the pack. Steve opened the door to his locker where his suit and shield were kept and changed into his suit.
At this point, Steve wasn’t sure whether the grimace on Tony’s face was courtesy of the choppy water, or a visceral reaction to Clint’s ‘lovebird’ comment. Admittedly, tensions had been high between the two, particularly since Siberia. After accepting each other’s differences regarding the Sokovia Accords, with Bucky back in Steve’s life, he had to admit he hadn’t really been attending to his and Tony’s relationship (if you could even call it that). The thing was, even before Siberia they had never really talked about it, what they were.
Instead Steve was met with Tony’s dark eyes boring right through his skull.
Tony’s counter to Clint was cut off as the tip of the boat bobbed at its impact with the wave, before tilting sickeningly as it barrelled its way through. He silently cursed this mission; how he couldn’t have just flown alongside in the Mark…whatever it was now, he’d lost count. Instead, due to the stealth-based nature of this assignment and HYDRA’s alleged new radar technology, Fury had forbid the high-tech suits and ultramodern gadgets until their arrival, and large futuristic vessels with their comforting internal stabilising features were off the table this time. So, here he was instead in (admittedly) a borderline luxury yacht, stuck on a boat trip from hell. He never thought he’d miss the Helicarrier as much as he did.
Steve was abruptly snapped from his musings as the boat barrelled its way through a particularly large wave, introducing a few side-to-side movements into its repertoire. Looking back up to Tony, Steve hoped he contained his surprise at the fact that the bottom floor of the vessel had not yet been decorated with vomit-themed confetti.
Nat silently made her way down the stairs, aiming to freshen up quickly before their arrival. They had just made it to the three-quarter mark of their journey, and the sun had set twenty minutes prior, casting their surroundings in a halo of orange.
Meanwhile, Clint was completely and unsurprisingly unbothered by the persistent tilting of the floor beneath him, catching the sliding condiments and utensils without looking before they fell off the countertop. “Right, well as much as I’d love to hang around down here and watch you lovebirds sort whatever this” - he gestured at them vaguely - “is, I’m gonna go and introduce Thor to his first PB&J sandwich.” Clint soundlessly half-jogged back up the stairs, four sandwiches in tow, leaving two behind on the countertop for his otherwise occupied teammates. With a faint “if he throws up, dibs on not cleaning it” aimed at Steve from the top of the stairwell, it was just Steve and Tony once more.
The last thing Tony saw Steve as was a ‘once-in-a-blue-moon’ booty call, but Tony’s reluctance to label anything other than the latest Mark model and Steve’s reluctance to push the matter left them at a stalemate.
As the boat lurched its way through another wave, Tony bit back a groan. Steve stared at him, concern bleeding through his expression, the sickening amount of sympathy in his eyes and the set of his mouth just made Tony want to vomit all the more.
It was in the way that Steve kept Bucky always at arm’s length, close enough to be there for him when he needed Steve, but never close enough to touch or to hold. If nothing else, it was painfully frustrating for the team to look on, the signs displayed as obviously as if they were the brightly lit centrepiece in the museum of ‘Tony & Steve’.
Steve slid himself off the bench the second a primal sort of panic coloured Tony´s eyes and watched as he took off towards the bathroom. Wincing in sympathy at the sound of retching, Steve made his way towards Tony. Crossing his arms, he leaned in the doorway, watching as Tony closed the toilet lid, and resting with his head down on the closed seat, blindly reached to flush.
Steve winced in sympathy as Tony - seemingly impossibly - managed to turn three shades paler. Steve remembered how life was for him before the serum. How he used to have to swallow back his nausea, clench his eyes shut and breathe while situated in the rear of any moving vehicle, the stale unmoving air suffocating him so that it became near claustrophobic. “You know, if you went to the top deck you might feel better. Get some fresh air on your face.”
“Sure you don’t need any help?” Steve sighed. Tony groaned, fighting and losing the battle once more and promptly lifting the lid again. “How are you planning on beating that? There’s no point in holding back and making yourself feel worse, Tony.”
Steve took in the sore sight that greeted him at the bottom of the stairs, and sighed. When Tony had gone missing for the twenty-eighth minute in a row (not that Steve was counting), he took it upon himself to find the man. After all, they were contained to a small finite area, where the hell else was Tony going to go?
Steve commented. “I didn’t know you got motion sick.”
“Together.”
“You’ll lose.”
“Thanks, but I’d rather just rot here in peace,” Tony said, closing his eyes and tilting his head back against the wall, taking measured breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. After a few moments of silence, he opened one eye, still feeling Steve’s gaze on him. “That means go away, Star-Spangled Banner. I’m good here.”
each other. It was in the way that Tony failed to maintain a relationship for more than a week due to the distinct lack of
Rounding the corner, she stopped in her tracks at what she saw reflected in the large mirror.
“Did you just
The real inhibitor in this chemical reaction waiting to happen, however, was Tony. Steve knew what he wanted and had had that epiphany last night after a particularly vivid dream. In reality, it could be more aptly described as a nightmare, wherein Steve was forced to choose between shielding the life of his old friend who had just returned to him, or saving the life of the man he had grown to respect, care for, and love. His mind had chosen Tony.
Steve would not be outdone.
"What?" Tony tried to paint his best version of offended on to his face. "Can't a guy want to come home and help his CEO run his company because he cares?"
"Oh is that what this is?" Tony asks with a small laugh, allowing his feet to move with the slow music. "You were jealous?"
Steve hesitated but only for a moment before he let out a breath and turned to face Tony straight on. "Please help me." He said, once again offering up the strip of fabric.
She would be getting quite the phone call later tonight.
Sharon, Sam and Clint followed suit, while Steve moved further into the kitchen instead, Tony chanced a glance in his direction as he followed the rest of them, and Steve smiled soft and sweetly back at him. Tony had to turn his attention immediately forward before he slammed into a door frame.
Tony rolled his eyes, crossing his arms across his bare chest, because really? "Yes, she's in my bed."
A broken heart was not a smart heart he decided, as he started up the garden path to the front door.
"No." Tony says with a shake of his head. "No Pepper is my best friend, actually, I'd say you'd like her but you two appear to have a secret past of your own" he waits until Steve looks a him and then he adds. "Pepper's last name is Potts. Why didn't you tell me you came to see me?"
Tony opened his eyes, shifting so he was looking up at Steve. "I did not fall asleep."
That drew a cold laugh from Tony, because it almost sounded believable. "Do you know how long I wished you'd say that to me? How many times I wished for you would call me up out of the blue and tell me how much you missed me?" Shaking his head Tony could feel himself getting angry again. "It's really funny how you can wish for something so long and when it finally happens you literally feel nothing."
"It was a lot of.." Tony held the phone with his shoulder as he waved his arms in the air in front of himself. "Innuendos, I think, or - No, I'm not having this conversation with you. How do I fix this?"
Steve's tongue darted out over his bottom lip, making Tony's stomach drop before he replied. "How someone so smart could fall for someone like me."
Natasha nudged Clint and nodded her head towards Steve, who was turned watching Tony disappear into the kitchen. She raised one of her perfectly shaped eyebrows and after Clint had taken a look he raised both of his at her. Bruce squinted,  watching them, trying to decode the silent messages they were sending. Natasha raised one shoulder in a shrug and Barton shook his head.
"She what?" Sam exclaimed, eyes widening. "What do you mean you
"See?" Natasha said with a laugh. "He's the worst, but-" She smiled down at the picture frame. "This time he did so, so good."
"What about him?" Tony says, trying his best to play stupid.
"Asking the real questions." Rhodey sarcastically spat into the phone. "Eh, You've looked better."
"Want to make this interesting?" Clint asked "Say ten bucks?"
They don't have sex again, and Tony can't even be upset about it, because Steve had told him it was their last time. On the upside, Steve isn't avoiding him anymore, actually he seems to be coming around more often than even before. Steve also seems happier, he's laughing at Tony's jokes now (even the awful ones), and making a point to include Tony in the team stuff, which doesn't have the team questioning things any less, its just more of a
"You're rebuilding it?" Tony asked, as he stepped closer to admire the bike, it had been a fixture in Steve's life for as long as Tony had known him, and here it finally was. "Like by yourself? There was a time you could short circuit a toaster just by looking at it."
"You're drunk." Steve says instead, but he's smiling, reaching out and gently pushing some of Tony's hair out of his face, it's the first touch in ten years, and it takes everything in Tony's drunk body not to completely crumble into it. "Do you want to go lay down?" Steve asks.
"I can tell." Steve replied dryly. "I guess I must like you too, since I keep tolerating it."
"Your eyes, man." Tony continued, as if Steve had said nothing. "I don't think I've ever seen that color blue before, and I've seen a lot of blue in my life."
At this Tony barked out a laugh, deep and honest, and it almost made Steve crack a smile. Almost - would have it he wasn't so suddenly depressed.
"But how?" Clint pressed.
"Well yeah." Tony took a sip of his pop before he gave a one shoulder shrug. "You are a guy, she's a girl, you're both hot, you're on the same team, always out together. It's not surprising they all assumed."
Steve doesn't answer, instead he tightens his arms around Tony and buries his face in his brunette hair. Tony wants to stay like that for forever, he feels safe and wanted in Steve's arms, but he knows he can't. He lets the air settle, the sun just starting to creep through the window, washing over what they've spent the night doing, and he regrets none of it.
Steve sighs and scratches at his forehead. He's struggling to comprehend how he ended up here. Wondering how any of this mattered in the grand scheme of his life.
"When?" Steve asks furrowing his brow.
It doesn't take Tony long, getting them open before sliding his hand in through the zipper and flush against Steve's hardon. He palms the fabric of his boxers, and feels Steve's hips rising to meet the pressure. He can feel Steve's body tensing beneath him, and Tony knows the signs, he knows Steve wont stand much more of that.  He wont blame him for it though, after ten years some things are hard to outlast. So instead he lifts himself up, sliding off Steve's lap, dragging the well fitting black pants, and his boxers off the blondes legs as he does so.
"Guess it's your lucky night then." Steve gently placed down the lap top, the source of all his problems. "I can't get into my Shield email account, it keeps saying something about too many password tries."
Tony straightened himself up, lifting his chin "Well Barton some of us are welcome into public establishments still and-"
"Please do not remind me." Natasha said as she flipped the box over in her hands.
"Tony?" Steve called, hoping to be heard over the guitar riffs. He could see Tony's brown hair peeking up behind a desk, hunched over something on the ground, not registering his company.
"And the cloud messages?" Steve asked, not bothering to look up from his restating phone.
"I think you should come visit me in New York sometime." Is the first thing he can say, he  catches Steve in his peripheral looking at him, so he continues. "And maybe I can fly out here on the weekends to see you or something."
"You have no idea." Lying at this point in his life, would benefit no one, so Steve just put his head in his hands. "Can you please help me?"
When he glanced back at Steve, he caught the memory flash across his face, and a touch of pink begin to form above the collar of his shirt. "Okay, But.." Steve started to defend.
Tony, to be fair, used to be quite the drinker. In fact, he and Steve used to get absolutely destroyed together. It only got worse after Steve, but something had changed the closer he got to thirty, or maybe it was Pepper. Either way, he drank less now, and as a result, could handle less. Once the Vodka had been opened, he knew he was in for it.
"Are you sure?" Natasha asked, though she let out a chuckle, because she knew he was right. "It's at his farmhouse, his territory, and then we have to be back for the ceremony, that's not going to be too much?”
"I think you're both right, sort of." Sam said after a moment, teetering his hand out in front of him. "like a half and half split between your spy minds."
"What?" Tony asked, leaning over to get closet to Steve in his seat "Does the thought of me with a guy bother you good Captain? Against your moral code? Turn you on?"
Not Anymore.
"See." Natasha says simply, as if proving a point, Tony didn't get it and Steve rolled his eyes.
you."
"And thirdly." Tony spoke, lifting a third finger to make his point. "I do not have the time, or the energy to date right now."
"Do you torture everyone else as much as you do to me?" Steve asked, with exasperated fondness, something he had gotten used to using a lot around Tony.  His bike looked exactly the same as it had when he left it on the street side, and he knew that this was just what Tony did, he helped, he fixed, he was generous and kind and stubborn, and so Tony.
