And with that the other line hung up.
Maybe he wanted to burn out.
with me.” He stressed quietly, giving the Sherlock a tight smile. “And I explained to
.” Came Sherlock after a moment, the last bit rolling from the man’s mouth like it was a foreign concept.
“Uh no. No I can manage. Thanks.” He gave her a nod and took his key, looking to get away from there as fast as possible.
Greg shrugged. “The guy I’ve got is a brother of one of my sergeants. Plus Hill’s been pretty good about the whole thing. Probably because I’m giving her the bloody house.”
It been ages since he’d slept in a hold—back in Uni if he remembered correctly. What they considered a
Tearing himself away from the map, the doctor shuffled dejectedly into the kitchen, throwing together a quick turkey and swiss sandwich and much needed cuppa.
“If this is your attempt at a compromise John, I’m starting to question your grasp of the word.” Sherlock remarked sourly, but curiously enough, didn’t remove the antlers immediately.
They were about to start up the stairs when John stopped them, pointing silently up at his own head. The detective’s brow furrowed in a flash of confusion before he lobbed a hefty sigh. Sherlock dug into his pocket and pulled out the stuffed antlers, jamming them unceremoniously onto his head. John felt a deep swoop of earnest adoration in his gut as they wobbled gently, like they had become an extension of the man and were now positively quivering with his irritation. And to John’s sudden revelation…inexplicably sexy.
“More or less. Now do you want an explanation right this
while Option B was taking the two cushy chairs near the fireplace and bridging himself across them. Neither prospect seemed particularly appealing, but short of curling up on the floor, which he was very close to doing, John eventually caved and shuffled over to the other side of the—
Mycroft’s ears perked and his pulse lurched. Cautiously he pushed on the edge of the metal lid, popping it open to be greeted by the aroma of fine dry leaves, earthy and rich and the edge of something pale peeking out near the hinge. Upon opening the can fully, he found a crude square of paper fitted into the underside of the lid.
“Sherlock…” The doctor sighed in frustration, turning round to face him.
“Fine. For Lucy then. It was still a very generous thing to do.”
So he did.
“This isn’t a question of whether or not you
“He was particularly—crestfallen,” Sherlock remarked grimly, in a way John couldn’t exactly tell was from reluctant empathy or distaste or perhaps a smattering both. “Rather fortunate then I noticed the note on the floor when I did.”
Mycroft gave a vague hum and nothing more. Lestrade shook his head, glaring out pass the hood of his car. "
He checked the status of the export; the bar nearly at 65% percent, then glanced to the security camera feeds, filling with a haughty pleasure at seeing Mme. Bélanger still trapped in the purgatory of call waiting.
--- -. . / --. --- --- -.. / - ..- .-. -. /
e.” Sherlock popped in his ear, following idly with. “You never could resist a stakeout.”
. About as drained as John felt. And despite himself, John wondered if Sherlock was eating by the sunken nature of his cheeks. Clenching a fist, John tried to quell the budding concern and turned away, staring forward at the curtains across the way, wafting gently.
kiss beneath it. And knowing Greg, that particular placement was fully intentional.
Himself included.
The detective’s eyes circled just above the horizon of his collar before they narrowed shrewdly. “
“Pick up.” Sherlock whispered, his bottom jaw beginning to tremble. He gave a fervent lick over his bottom lip, casting his eyes upward then closed. The line kept ringing.
“I’m sorry,
“Right, well, make yourselves at home and I’ll be back with that beer. Stout alright?” Greg asked.
A laugh escaped him at seeing the initial. Why had Sherlock thought it necessary to sign it? Of course it was him, who the hell else would keep refrigerated phalanges?
Mary balked her head, pleasantly surprised. “Huh. I usually have to pull teeth to get a response like that.” She mused. “Come to think of it, you’ve been
(See the end of the chapter for
’ kept his fellow jurors in a standstill as they deliberated a verdict for a man accused of murdering his wife in Hamburg. After a three hour deadlock there was a unanimous vote of guilty.
“How’s that working out?” John winced, recalling when his folks got separated. With the shear amount of time it took his parents to quit screaming at each other and divvy their assets the lawyer bills were astronomical. Luckily for his mum, her attorney was a friend of hers and cut her quite a hefty discount on her services.
John nodded slowly to an empty room. “So Mycroft, Molly Hooper, and every pauper in London.”
) quality of it—
“I…I hadn’t expected to enjoy myself as much as I did tonight.” He cited thoughtfully. “Marvelous sex aside—”
There was a chuckle at his side and the detective glanced over to see Mahir smiling to himself before regarding him again, something amiable now in his attitude.
So instead of his usual retort, he simply gave Mrs. Hudson a reassuring smile.
—and honeysuckle.” Sherlock supplied between kisses, working his way up towards John’s throat as his hands slid upwards along his stomach. “I’ve been waiting for an opportune moment to try it out on you. Tonight seemed
.” Sherlock bit out, his cheeks prickling as they tried to flush.
so many?”
…to be technical, it started with a
He mimicked the sensation with the tip of his thumbnail trapped between his teeth, bits splintering off as the detective slowly gnawed at it. The other hand meanwhile worried over a gash in the arm of the chair he’d entrenched himself in, fingers plucking incessantly at the splayed fibers. Casting the strands he pulled free over the side.
Not that John found it all that much easier to express how he felt sometimes either. Half of his upbringing was keeping emotions bottled up as to not let it be used as ammo against him by his own father.
getting in through the old dumbwaiter.” Sherlock chided right back, which made John giggle even harder while he poured a healthy portion of the Marsala along with some chicken stock into the pan. The liquid bubbled and swirled as he stirred, deglazing all the good brown bits from the bottom.
.” Sherlock cocked a brow, though there was a hint of amusement in his tone.
John placed his bag down and gripped his left hand several times, giving her a wide grin. “I’m checking in, should be a reservation under John Watson.”
)—required medical attention. When an injury fell between going to the A&E and shrugging it off. But those touches were clinical. Sewing stitches or applying butterfly sutures, checking throats and wrists for pulses or brows for fever. The rare instances John couldn’t treat himself had left Sherlock too focused on being accurate. There was no place for explorative,
He’d wistfully suggested to John as the doctor finally took the clippings down at the behest of poor Mrs. H. Though…instead of going right in the bin, those grainy swatches of newsprint depicting Sherlock half bent over behind a skip with his trousers around his knees and John pressed up behind him from various angles may or may not have ended up tucked safely away in bottom of the lockbox that housed his service gun.
They then played a clip of Dufort being escorted from the steps of the Palais de Justice while being swarmed by press as he was taken towards an awaiting police car. The clip ended just as Nicolas was made to duck to get into the back seat, his face grim, the same “
“Don’t be modest John; they had you at gun point.” He chided, eyes widening a little. “You could of died.”
Sherlock gave a lofty sigh, though it came off more drained than annoyed. “John…the less you know about my current whereabouts and what I’m doing right now—”
A harsh clanking tore Sherlock from his recollection. No longer in the muted sun and open air of the racecourse, he looked to the radiator as it began to hiss and thrum. A fierce shiver ran through him and he twisted towards it, inching his toes closer as gorgeous warmth began emanating from the expanding metal into his shins.
Threads with the most recent activity were displayed beneath each section and his attention fell on one entitled: ‘Killer Waves’ authored by a ‘Deer_Stalker82’ under Sightings. John tapped it and couldn’t help but smile softly as the poster’s avatar appeared. It was an awkwardly angled head-shot of a young woman, perhaps in her early twenties, her coppery red hair stuffed haphazardly under an achingly familiar floppy hat as she winked and grinned at the camera.
“If you’re referring to your Mr. Anderson, I’m well aware of his little
use it. Of course you
—bed.
After all that, they lay entangled together on the sofa, sated and fighting off the siren song of sleep.
Caught up for a moment in his own mounting desire, John smeared his thumb from the center of Sherlock’s mouth to one corner then back around, dragging it wetly across his bottom lip, rapt by the plush skin molding and shifting as he moved. His breath caught when Sherlock’s tongue darted out to flick at his fingertip as it passed near the middle.
), he’d been pleasantly thrown by the deeper, more emotional desires that cropped up.
But what about the rest of them? What was the chance of so many foreign calls to the wrong number? Either it was one hell of a coincidence or some poor sod out there was having the worst luck ever.
It certainly wasn’t impossible.
“You alright?” John asked, rousing himself up from the tendrils of drowsiness. Sherlock did sound tired. He hadn’t heard it to this extreme since Durham when the detective had fallen asleep on him.
There was a moment of murky realization, like a fish breaching the surface of a liquor filled lake and the man smiled at John, lopsided and self-assured. He raised a blunt finger, pointed it,
The sweet and fermented aroma of sauerkraut hit John’s nose when he pulled the first sandwich out, wrapped in thick white parchment paper. He didn’t have to decipher the penned abbreviation on it to know it was Greg’s pastrami on rye.
Unable to curb his worry, John moved over to the area he stacked his flatmate’s boxes and was more them relieved to find them whole and dry. As his light slowly passed over them, John’s own handwriting labeling each of the boxes contents came into view. He paused at one marked:
. From what he could tell, besides the uncanny foresight of the authorities to discover and test wax of all things, there was zero indication of Sherlock being involved anywhere in the investigation.
On a whim, John craned his neck to see across the living room towards the kitchen. To his pleasant surprise, Lucy was no longer skulking behind the doorframe but standing in full view of it and appeared to be talking with someone just out of John’s line of sight.
He promised to keep her informed about any side effects but dodged her suggestion about maybe going back to therapy.
…a very nude Thomas Gage lounging in bed.
“Uh no. No I was going to pop by a shop on my way back.” John grunted into the mobile perched between his shoulder and cheek as he zipped up his coat up. With a rush of bitter air he stepped out onto the pavement, injecting himself into the first open gap in the flow of pedestrians.
When he reopened them he was at Baker Street, propped up in his chair in the sitting room.
He stared at her, eyebrows knitted and mouth lightly agape like Sarah had just told him the clinic was going to be converted into a shopping center and they were all expected to remain employed there.
“Funny, I usually just find pencils and loose change under there.” John pursed his lips, puzzled and amused while Sherlock upended the bottle and squeezed a generous spurt of lube into a cupped palm.
My plan going ahead with this story
“Or what?” The doctor’s brows arched, his bottom lip protruding in mock inquisitiveness. “You know this doesn’t exactly…inspire intimidation.” He waved a hand vaguely at the car for emphasis before clasping both behind his back, much to Mycroft’s chagrin.
Just for a little while to decompress. He’d always come back after all—a little swagger to his gate, with hoppy breath and salty lips.
“A quick internet search identified it as a leaf trinket from that—
of Sherlock’s return, or
about Sherlock’s death. Mainly that—well—that he
.” He remarked offhandedly as they swept across the threshold into the entry hall and John shut the door firmly behind them. “Oh—speaking of which.”
convinced him he cherished every compact inch of John, including the parts gone (
As John toweled his damp hair, he wiped away the condensation from the glass over the sink and scowled.
Which was why John didn’t believe for one damn second that Sherlock was the fraud he claimed to be—
He tilted it slowly this way and that, inspecting the wound as best he could through the caked blood. The cut was deeper near the edge of Mary’s palm, getting thinner as it ran towards her thumb. Leading John to believe the blade got caught up in the bread, when she put extra force to move it, the knife had punched forward then up. Luckily it hadn’t pierced too deeply, only nicking a few of the smaller veins and not a major artery or worse, tendons.
He watched with baited breath as Mahir considered him, then the board, then his card, tapping the edge lightly on the railing. Feeling his novelty starting to slip, Sherlock went for broke and added with a practiced air of impassiveness while he stared off onto the track:
The phone was brand new and high-end from what he could tell. Must have cost at least several hundred quid and wasn’t marked by any specific carrier. So sleek it made his own mobile look like a brick with a little screen. None of this explained Mycroft’s intentions, leaving John to ask the painfully obvious.
Still, considering it happened
The doctor teased and sucked him off with deliberate indulgence while Sherlock gasped and moaned increasingly incoherent things, each hand clenched around a stuffed antler. John had adorned them with a determined gleam in his eye before plucking the tie at Sherlock’s waist loose. When in position, he’d lifted the man’s legs so that the soles of his feet rested on the edge of the coffee table; giving John unhindered access to all of Sherlock’s lowers including the underside of his thighs.
business you
) rehab therapist in a garish sweater vest and a futile comb-over had carved that gem during one of his mandatory sessions. One that horribly enough included his goblin of a brother. Though Mycroft had held the man with only a thinly vailed apathy, that phrase would apparently hound Sherlock for the rest of his life.
Now two hours and…
”. As if John was a valve letting off steam. The metaphor wasn’t far off to be honest.
His only qualm tonight was in his use of frozen pierogis instead of the from-scratch ones like his mum would craft. But with a healthy glob of sour cream, John could certainly pretend they were.
Mrs. Hudson offered to help, but the doctor had politely refused. Though he did let her eventually take up the dusting, since it wreaked havoc with John’s sinuses whenever he tried. He’d wondered how he survived before when it dawned on him the flat was
—which, if you recall, was only after I stopped talking to you for refusing to get it in the first place.”
, which John recognized well enough. The next words were distant, like his contact had pulled the phone away from his mouth to speak with someone else in the room with him. There was a soft dialog that John could only interpret pieces of. Half from the language barrier and half from the volume, but he did hear a much accented ‘hostel’ being tossed back and forth by the end of it.
, my love, is why I do not read them.”  I take the book from him and, scanning the first few pages, hand it back.  “The busboy is the murderer and he hid in a flat whilst working off, off Broadway.  Claiming to be a method actor, he never revealed himself out of character, winning rave reviews for his performance.  The wife cheated first…..Oww!” John has pinched my thigh.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Scotti was the closest I could come to a girl’s name.”
“I believe it is a person named Simon.”
“If you
John took the drive and pocketed it, still looking at Sherlock, trying to divine if there was more to the answer given, if there were any unspoken words, any forthcoming explanation.  Seeing none, he nodded.
Sherlock also knew he did not hide himself to study the others unguarded; that he could accomplish with but a glance. Cedric: orphan; pure of body; scar on left hand - fell into a fire at the age of 6; has night terrors which leave his bed soaked with sweat and urine. Aldus: fearful of demons; the man who calls himself his father be his uncle; beds any willing creature, whether woman, man, or goat. Eduard: loyal; tends large rose gardens when at home; does not wish to be a knight, but obediently concedes to the life he is destined. John: Ahhh, John. A complex man not easily read. Yes, faithful and true to his calling, carries a sorrow from which he will never be free, but there is so much Sherlock cannot discern. So much more he wants to know.
“Quiet,” Sir John, barked. And for the first time he noticed the raw, red bands circling the flesh of Sherlock’s wrists and ankles.
He and Harry hadn’t been close since they had been kids, but he still felt a sentimental attachment.  She was his sister after all.
It really was too bad he had to die.
Long minutes passed with neither man speaking, silence filling the room.
A strong gust of wind blew the heavy door wide open, striking John sharply on his elbow.
“Do you want me gone, too, Sherlock?”
Hurrying to get his jacket, he ran out of the flat, slamming the door behind him in his haste.
“Eyes still up here, John.”
“Where’s the whip?”  Sir John demanded of Merek.
“And how do you know this? I cannot imagine a servant has call to stay at the local inn,” Sir John said, a chuckle forming at the back of his throat.
With great reluctance I removed myself from the warmth and comfort of the bed and moved to the chair, sliding it quietly to John’s side of the bed before sitting down and wrapping myself in layers of blankets.  From there I could clearly see his face, relaxed in slumber, the beauty of it inspiring me to think of ways to show him I loved him.  Doing for others had never been my area, but I had come to find doing for John came easy to me.  So easy in fact, such a plethora of ideas came to mind I often found a day was not long enough to fit them all in.
“There’s nothing you can do to help right now,” she said. “Why not sit over there by the fire. You can still keep an eye on things.”
“No, what?  I said nothing.”
John looked at Sherlock closely for a few moments, then looked away; he didn’t want Sherlock to know he recognized him.  Didn’t want him to feel indignity in knowing that he had seen him on the night he overdosed.  But Jesus Christ.  John knew he would never forget those cheekbones, they were unmistakable.  He was struck by Sherlock’s voice; he hadn’t heard it that night and found he was mesmerized by the rich tone in just that one small word.
“What about Rome?  Or Tokyo?  Greece, or Hong Kong, perhaps?  These are all on your Pail List and they have culture…
But after living alone for so many years, and even during the short time I have lived with John, dressing and undressing are a private affairs.  Seeing each other naked is a line we have never crossed.
Together they walked to John’s bedroom and disrobed, laying down on the bed, lying on their sides so they could soak in the sight of what had so long been missing in their lives.
“I mean, does thou want me,
Simon slapped lightly at John’s cheek. “Come’on, we’re here. Time to get a move on.”
Pat, pat, pat.
John’s chest closed in on him more tightly.
“No, Sherlock. I know what I’m allergic to.’’  He pauses.  “And there is no cure.”
The answer seemed glaringly obvious when Sherlock finally stumbled upon it.
John sags against me, his weight light enough I know he has heard my words, but not heavy enough I am concerned for his health.
Pinching his eyes shut, John sighed and faced Sherlock.
I stop breathing.  What?
He’d lived here for a couple of years now, humiliatingly at the courtesy of his brother, but he’d never felt at home in this part of town.  The people he walked past on the sidewalks were far too posh for his taste; people who were more concerned about appearances than the things that really mattered; people who, had they known, would have sniffed in disdain over his chosen profession.
Resting a hand on John’s chest, Sherlock felt it rise and fall.  Twas a shallow breathe, but twas enough.  It meant John be alive, and Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat, grateful for what the movement told him.  Leaning down, “John,” he said quietly.  Nothing.  The second time a little louder, “John,” patting a cool cheek.  Still no response.
Sherlock clenched his glutes as he watched John’s face, clenching first one, then the other, then back and forth again.  Watched as John was unable to keep from laughing.
A.G.R.A.
John walked out to the sitting room where Sherlock sat quietly waiting for him, occupying himself by texting.
His hand finds my back, smoothing up and down it.
Sherlock sat staring at the floor as though he hadn’t heard.
All I want…all I want…all I want….
“Talk about sex?  I do not mind doing that.”
When the image on the screen came into focus, a loud hum filled Sherlock’s ears, blocking out all other sounds. The hum came not from the TV but from within him—the sound of his blood running through his veins, the pounding beat of his heart. Because what he saw on the screen filled him with all the foreboding and fear he had felt as he had knelt next to John, bloodied and broken after being hit by the cab.
Cedric pressed his lips together at the expression on John’s face as John rose to meet him.  The expression that said Cedric had gone too far, for John’s face be void of any aspect but coldness in his eyes.
Looking pointedly at John, Sherlock said, “As well as one can expect considering her husband has just murdered a man and has been sent to prison.  But you know our girl,” Sherlock bit his tongue to hide the bitterness he felt at the endearment, “she’s a strong one.  She’ll be fine once this all gets sorted out.  And yes, the baby is fine; there have been no complications.”
He heard me this time?
That wasn’t quite true, was it, John realized.  He had always thought Sherlock’s desire for his company was in the capacity of helpmate, someone to tag along after him and be a sounding board for his brilliance.  But it was more than that.  Looking back, from the beginning it had been about more than tolerance; at no time was it more apparent than when Sherlock had helped plan the wedding.  The thought of Sherlock folding all those buggering linens almost made John laugh.
one to send. The one that haunted Sherlock. The one that he had planned, on the day of the accident, to rectify. Now, that memory sat in a virtual cloud somewhere, used as a pawn in an increasingly malicious game.
And he pulled the trigger…
“Not yet.  Tis most odd.  I searched his pockets and his purse.  Here be the rest of his belongings, yet tis not one item to indicate who he be, from where he be, or to where he goes.  I took a look at his papers, but will have to go through them more carefully later when I can keep them dry.”
Jiggling the mazer, “Put it on me.” When the mazer twas not lifted from his hand, he turned to see John looking at him, his lips and brow pinched.
“You’re wrong, you know.”
“The point is, you don’t give your heart easily, but when you do there’s no holding it back.  If you don’t acknowledge how you feel about John and guard your heart, I fear you may never be able to recover. Dad and I are getting old; we may not be there to make sure you survive it.”
Colin did not.
Before, when Sherlock had cautioned John he had best not go alone, a murderer perhaps be about, John had scoffed at his concern, stating that if he could not defend himself then what a sorry Knight he be.  He had told Sherlock that he needed to stay and practice and that when he be skilled enough to defend himself he may join him; John had said he did not want to have to defend him, too, in the event of danger.
“You have a headache. Olfactory glands are hyper-sensitive when one is in pain, causing said pain to become acute, and, in your case, causing you to be unresponsive. Simple deduction.”
“What?!”
“Living with you it must have rubbed off on me.”  He shakes his head, disagreeing with himself.  “Yeh, right.”
“What?” Sherlock asked.
I throw my hand out to the shower wall, supporting myself whilst my knees grow weak when I ejaculate; I stroke out the last pulses of my orgasm.
Sherlock rolled to his side, a soft moan leaving him due to the agony of it.
Sherlock.
an uncommon occurrence.
We lie quietly for some time, he smoothing my hair, and I listening to his heartbeat.
“Do you never knock?”  Sherlock countered, his lips curving against John’s in a smile.
Surprised at the response, and that it be so quick that he had barely had time to finish the question, John’s mouth had rucked up into a small “oh,” his cheeks flushing with pleasure.
“Hmmm?”
More slack-jawed than I would care to admit, I look up at John. “You are beautiful,” I say, with no small amount of awe in my voice.
John shut his eyes; he be tired, so tired.  “You saved Aldus; he would likely not be alive be it not for you.  You fitted Sherlock’s suit and helped us catch Cedric.  You—you gave Sherlock and me the gift of time.  These be no small things.  I know twas for Sherlock and not for me, still, I benefited, as well.  Greatly.  So, thank you.”  He pasted a wan smile on his face.
Disclaimer:  Please note that this is a work of fiction and a not a scholarly thesis; it is here to entertain, not to educate.  While I have spent considerable time researching the period, and the words that are available to me from that period, to improve your reading pleasure and to tell the story I want to tell, it is not 100% historically accurate.  I apologize if this bothers you.
Did John
Disconnecting the call, Leonid stared out the window.  Not at anything in particular for his mind raced, his brief conversation too momentous to allow him to stay calm.
Only late afternoon, Sherlock went into his bedroom and changed into his pyjamas and dressing gown.  He had been out earlier with Lestrade, but now saw no need to keep his suit on; he wouldn’t be going anywhere the rest of the day.
“Thank’s for the offer,” he calls through the door.   “But I’m doing just fine.  Almost done, in fact; there’s not much here.  I’ll be out in a few minutes.”
This was Ridiculous.
“Pray, rest; I would be most honoured to share our food with you.  Tis for my knight and fellow squires, but I have time to prepare more before they return.”  Aldus held the reigns to steady the horse whilst Cedric dismounted.
He pulled the gun; pointed the barrel inside his mouth.  There was a gunshot.  Deafening, of course, with the range I was in.  I remember I jumped back, my ears were ringing.  He dropped to the ground.”
“I did?”  This time I do not feign ignorance.
“Do not mind if I do; thank you, Cedric,” adding in the most casual tone he could effect, “I will see how the lessons are progressing.” Anxious to join Sherlock where he and Aldus sparred, John grumbled to himself in annoyance when Cedric kept talking.
Shaking his head, he walks away, still muttering.  Something about ‘mental case’ and ‘padded room.’
a homosexual.
“Complications.”
His mobile pinged. Sherlock!
John ran a soapy cloth along his arms, down his neck and chest.  Under the water to wash his legs and his feet.  Gentle and rhythmic, the ministrations relaxed him even more, and he released a deep sigh.
“Is that for a case?” John asked, looking as if he were going to say more, but thinking better of it and closing his mouth.
With the gun.
interesting.  Sadly, it was because it was when the prostitutes, the drug addicts, the club-hoppers who’d had too good a time started rolling in.  It was the time when he saw the depravity and the hopelessness of the human condition on full display.
Sherlock squints.
Except for that last emotion before Sherlock had gone upstairs. The naked pain on his face when he’d thought John had rejected him.
“Make Sherlock a squire; what a fine idea!  Why did I not think of that?”
“Ahhh, I suppose it is,” Sherlock said.  “Thou be right; I cannot give thee children.  And thou be a childless father.  How stupid of me to think that it no longer be something for which thou longed.”
“Do not be ridiculous, I look nothing like him.”
Instead of reaching for the freezer, I swat his back.
“So John tells me.”
.”  I spit out the word as if it is a virulent disease.
“Hi, sweetie.”  He looks me up and down; this time I do not tell him where my eyes are.
“Oh, yes, you do.  Wrinkles, remember?”
No, I am wrong. (Please do not tell anyone, I have a reputation to maintain.)
“Honey.”  He looks straight into my eyes and whispers it softly.  I am not sure I am correctly identifying the tone, but he almost sounds reverent.  “Honey.”  His eyes roam my face as if he has not seen it before.
London?!
‘ok’.  I miss you, John.  You are right here and I cannot even touch you.  I cannot fold my fingers into yours, letting you shield me from all these, these,
“Oh, honey.  I put the book together when Katie was in high school.  She was gone a lot, school activities, so I had time on my hands I wasn’t used to.  I was looking over old blog entries, thinking how I could do better than that, you know, clean them up and organise them.”
John hugs me from the side, not seeming to know or care that I do not hug him back; I am too surprised at the outburst.  How what I said elicits an enthusiastic declaration of love I have no idea, but I am not averse to receiving any and all such pronouncements from him.
Sherlock focused on the dirt below him, and when he lifted his head, his gaze settled on Sir John. “The price you paid for me is far less than my worth and my Lord is certain to search for me.  As well, you underestimate those ‘heathens’; they will hunt me down.  They will bring many men, and if I go with you, they will kill you and your men, too. No, it is best I be off on my own.”
Restarting the car, he waits for a lull in traffic and pulls back onto the road.  Twenty more minutes to the city and, if we’re lucky, we’ll find a place to park close to the shop.
So as I lie here listening to John, I think maybe, just maybe, now I am married I will discover what it is about the holiday that devolves people’s minds and hearts to sentimental mush.  In the months since first kissing John and then swiftly marrying him, my life has changed in ways I would have previously found inconceivable, giving me reason to believe my life might change in other ways as well.
“Thou be my family, now. So, yes, the answer be ‘yes.’  I need no more time to think about it.  But, there be one thing I want thee to do for me.”
Whistling, I walk over and stand beside him.
Thankfully, Dr. Watson takes the box without causing me harm, and when he peeks inside the box on the way to the kitchen, I hear him mutter, “I didn’t think he liked chocolate.” From where I stand, he appears to chuck the box into the fridge. I flinch. No doubt the delicacy is now in ruins, but I return my attention to my client.
When the colleague stopped by the desk, and James looked up, her movement felt mechanical—James’s vision seemed to move in perfect sync with the movement of her head.
“Since he won’t be safe at the flat, Sherlock, I’ve made arrangements for John to be moved to Dr. Rudnikov’s home in Belgravia. No one would think to look for him there,” Mycroft said.  “She and her husband are moving house but have agreed to leave some furnishings for you; we’ll ship them later. I’ll make sure John will be attended to round-the-clock by highly skilled nurses, and he’ll have a security detail. Ahhh, and here she is.” Mycroft nodded at the woman walking toward them from the building.
“John, I … there’s something I want to tell you. Something I’ve meant to say, always.”
Sherlock started to say something; his mouth fell open, but instead of speaking, he took a small bite of potato.
Minutes later, when services came on scene, he returned to the bench and sat down, the pounding of his heart slowing.  His breathing returning to normal.
Molly must have heard the interest in his tone; her speech grew more confident.
His hand dropping to his side, Sherlock sucked in a breath, and he took a step forward, stopping only when he realized he wasn’t quite sure what he would do when he reached him. “Are you alright?” he asked, glancing around, aware that though John appeared to be unencumbered of any threat, Simon could appear at any moment.
“John, where are the towels?”
I pull him with me as I lie down on the bed, my hand at the back of his head to bring him closer, capturing his mouth with mine.
Taking a shaky breath, I move wooden limbs toward the bedroom, each small step seeming as if a mile.  This last I do not mind.  The longer it takes to get to the room the longer it is until I have to face the unthinkable, the unbearable.
“Yes, I think I agree with you.  At your ages, and with your and Sherlock’s particular circumstance, tis right that you protect your privacy.
“The bomb has been rigged to detonate if anything breaks the beams. As you can see, the configuration is admirably compact and won’t accommodate even the smallest or most agile individual.”
He looks at me thoughtfully.  “It’s a fact of life, Sherlock.  We get old and then we die.  There’s so much I always wanted to do and never got around to.  When you’re raising a kid, especially by yourself, you get so caught up in daily life, in making sure they’re happy and healthy and they get their homework done and learn to drive…”  He pauses, appearing to reflect a lifetime of memories.  “Then all of a sudden you sit here thinking ‘Where did the time go?  What about the things
“The world you live in,” Mycroft sighed.
“Excellent thought. I’ll have Mycroft’s people check it out. First, I want to see how he gets into the house.”
“You left the chain and ring behind, as well. You were not afraid of losing the ring. It has no monetary value, tis not gold.”
“Mother, please answer me.  Your silence scares me.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” John said. And as if seeing the doubt in Sherlock’s eyes, he added softly, “Really. And it’s not because of those.” He nodded at his crutches.
“Yes, well, we’ll just be a couple of sightseers taking a stroll. When we get to the main entrance, you’ll be in desperate need of emptying your bladder, and you’ll ask to use their facilities. Of course, you’ll need my assistance—”
Walking slowly up the stairs John listened to the mournful melody.  A melody, if possible, more melancholy than the one Sherlock had played the night Irene died.
Sherlock crouched down to his knees and took John into his mouth, reaching his hands around to grab rounded cheeks.  Kneeding, sucking, bobbing.  The occasional slurping sound sending itself up to John’s ears, causing him to shudder.
do you know, Andi? Simple question. Should require only a simple explanation.”
Colin held no particular ill will towards the animal, but darn it, he be famished.
Her soles squeaked on the corridor floor, the only sound in the now empty surgery center. Reaching her office, she swung the door open.
Tearing off the paper gown and cap, he crumpled them into a ball and threw them onto the floor. Glancing into Recovery one more time before hastening after Mycroft.
“Get…your….filthy hands…off… me.  Swine!”
John’s heart pounded against his ribs.  Twas all an act, their altercation.  An act that, if Eduard’s killer Gareth overheard, would give reason why Sherlock left alone, without the benefit of a horse.  But the argument felt too real, sending bile from his stomach to his throat, burning it.  To speak to Sherlock in such a way made him ache.  A deep, searing ache, as if someone had pierced him with a hot dagger.  He only hoped that Sherlock had listened to what he had not been able to say aloud ~
“We do think highly of ourselves, don’t we, having all that power. No, Sherlock,
His words trailing off, the smile that had lit William’s face whilst he spoke of Sherlock, faded.
“Soon.  Within a few weeks.  I don’t want a big wedding anyway, that is, unless you do…”
“But-”
“Yes,” he answers, his dazed look gone, eyes now clear.  I grow cold; John is deeper in shock than I imagined.
he was talking about, John heard a subtle snore.
Thoughtfully rubbing his thumb up and down the side of Sherlock’s throat, he told him, “It had nothing to do with you.”  Seeing the expressive eyebrows lift in doubt, he waited for Sherlock’s gaze to meet his and looked directly into his eyes, adding firmly, “Nothing.”
I think of Mary, of the woman John loved enough to marry, and I wonder how much of her remains in him.  “Do you miss her?” I ask quietly.
To John.
The rain rolling off his hat and slicker only served to dampen his already foul mood.  He hated this job, hated the bloody fuckers who couldn’t keep their hands off other people’s property or other men’s women.  He was counting the days until he and his wife could move to the country, put in a big vegetable garden, maybe put a few cows to pasture.
“Nothing important,” Sherlock said. “And my clothes?”
“What?  It cannot be; it is dark outside.”  I sweep my hand toward the window, the ‘Eiffel Tower’ lit against the dark sky outside our window.
I cannot believe I had even a subconscious intention of groping John in his sleep, yet I cannot fathom how my hand arrived at that particular destination.  But it is there, and I must deal with it.   I must.  My love (how warm it makes me feel to call John by that endearment…my love my love my love) is still asleep, his breathing is deep and even.  All I need to do is….
To the ultimate impact it would have on his relationship with his best friend.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat: Simon had reached the house first and had kidnapped John.
“You are right…”  I start to say.
“Let’s go,” Sherlock told Andi. “John may not have time for us to play Simon’s games.” As soon as he’d said that, his mobile pinged again. This time, instead of a text, Simon had sent an audio clip.
I’ve never understood the fascination.  I’m only passably interesting when I’m awake; I can’t imagine how dull I must be in full on sleep.  But, oh no, not for Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the man who designates a number 7 murder on a scale of 10 too boring to lift his arse out of a chair,
“Yeah, because no one will pay attention to two knobheads falling down the stairs. We can still go down to the other entrance; it’s accessible.”
The noise stops.  All of a sudden it is
“How do you know I am in love, John?  What symptoms am I exhibiting?”
“Mr. Holmes, you must come with us.” This time, the hand on Sherlock’s didn’t fall off with a simple shrug.
So unexpected and rapid were Sherlock’s movements, John did not resist. Again, he twould have liked to blame the alcohol, but he knew he could not. He could not deny twas what he had wanted, what he had waited for, since the moment Sherlock stepped out of the river.
“Yes, he did.  But it doesn’t make sense,” Mary said.  “John is not a cold-blooded murderer.  He would never have shot someone without serious provocation, without feeling he was physically threatened, which I understand he was not.”
He still missed Sherlock.  Still missed him with a palpable ache that blessedly faded a little each day.  Still missed the man who made his life more interesting than he ever thought possible.
“Cheers.” Sherlock replied with him a curt smile. He accepted Greg’s hand a moment or two later after John gave him a subtle nudge in the side with his elbow.
He’d tried various things, any recommendation he would make to a patient: cut back on the caffeine, relaxing music at a low volume, white noise, hot shower before bed, reading. The only thing he hadn’t attempted again was to go back on medication—bad experiences. So, instead John worked until he was dead on his feet.
John felt the need to stare again, barely curbing it. “Right—let’s, let’s get you patched up.” He announced, closing the last drawer and coming back over. John pulled a standing metal tray to him, arranging his supplies out over it and doing a quick double check that he had everything.
“Mary.” John nodded, sweeping over to desk along the far wall. “I’m Dr. Watson.” He plopped the open medical file down before sitting on a nearby rolling stool.
“What? Seemed like as good a time as any.” Sherlock sniffed sharply, apparently conceding to nothing.
And as always, thank you so much for taking the time to read this!
Luckily being the evening hour that it was and on a weekday, it meant the lobby was vacant save for few stragglers here and there. Some arriving from the airport, some already guests coming in for the night. Any sense of liveliness was in the hotel’s bar and lounge area at this point. The low din of talking and laughter seeping its way towards him.
was subtler. Albeit stubborn at times, his pride was usually a quiet one. Unless John happened to be drunk or hell-bent on picking a woman up.
Opening his car door, Greg slid into the driver’s seat. “The flat was mess; he was on edge
fur of yours.” He declared, glaring rather lividly at his jumper, already making a grab for the bottom hem when John batted his hands away.
John nodded slowly. “Yeah. Yeah sounds good.”
“Am I?” The detective remarked absently. His eyes looked nearly aquamarine in the warm, casual lighting of Lestrade’s flat. John watched as they flitted here and there before narrowing sharply.
Besides teaching the fundamentals and a repertoire of dishes, Mrs. Watson also impressed on John the satisfaction found in the process. That it wasn’t just about the final product, but each step along the way. So, while John’s sinuses were gummed up and his eyes had an acrid burn when he closed them any longer than a few seconds, he felt…content.
He’d seen John actually dance. A sort of swingy swirly thing the doctor would evolve into after a few cups of Mrs. Hudson’s eggnog. One Sherlock suspected the alcohol content of rising just a wee bit more every year.
“Sure.” She nodded and swept away.
Laid out before him was an assortment of silver and porcelain serving dishes, covered. To the left of his plate was a half drunk cup of tea, to the right an opened manila folder containing several documents written in Japanese and a handful of black and white surveillance photos. The top most depicted a sharply dressed young woman getting into a private car from across a busy intersection.
Though the scene pointed so obviously to suicide (
Sherlock looked back down at the console, tapping a few commands and sending a document to the printer, the buzz of the machine coming online was brash in the stillness of the lobby.
(See the end of the chapter for
less chancy betting on a sure thing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. Or his violin. Never had the inaccessibility of the instrument been so acute. Though at this point, Sherlock wasn’t sure how much playing verses how much torture he would do to the poor thing. Nevertheless it would have been preferable to
The most stunning aspect though was his complete shift in personality. Stripped was the pompous, sniveling air of self-righteousness John had come to anticipate and in its stead was something meek and almost—paranoid.
“Despite your insinuations I
“Perhaps it’s in another bag
The search results for ‘49 30 55502899’ were frustratingly inconclusive. It did lead John however to a wiki article that helped decipher part of the phone number. Based on the area code it came from Berlin. And, it was a landline.
29th December
.” Sherlock muttered a little drunkenly, making a gallant but slow reach for the headware. John got to them first however, wincing as he flung them somewhere under the coffee table. He blinked away the light sting in his eyes, meeting Sherlock's gaze for a beat before both men were curling with laughter.
“I take back what I said before,” John called after him, admiring the bottle once more and swiping an appreciative thumb over the label. “You’re a terrible man.”
Yeah that looked about as bad as it felt.
Nonetheless the city itself was lovely from its tall weathered stone buildings squeezed side by side and its winding streets paved in brick and cobblestone. John ended up spending several hours of his day wandering around Durham Castle and Cathedral before taking in the University, still bustling with students as they neared the end of their Easter Term.
Perhaps he could now…write about them that is. They weren’t particularly harrowing if the doctor recalled correctly. In fact two of the cases remained unsolved. But maybe, it would be nice to have them see the light of day after all this time.
“And I mean to savor this.” The ‘
While his love and attraction were definitely tinting his perception, no doubt, the fact that Sherlock was undeniably (if not a little uncommonly) handsome and could probably wear nothing but a bin liner and still look like a bloody Adonis certainly didn’t hurt.
Monday suddenly became Thursday which became Sunday.
With a satisfied hum Sherlock sprung off the door, vigorously rubbing his hands together as he walked to a small desk in the corner, its surface clear but for a phone, cheap coffee machine
“It was the only way I could beat him.” Sherlock replied with such a familiar finality, John could almost imagine looking down to see him sitting at the small kitchen table. Peering unflappably back over his microscope for a beat before retracting his attention. Washing his hands of their discussion with the flick of his gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
Though the man before him was practically Sherlock’s height, the appearance and the mannerisms of a person conditioned in the army were unmistakable. From his hair—cropped short on the sides and back, longer at the crown where it shot off in several directions. To the broadly strong but lean frame, carved muscles hidden underneath simple clothing—tan khakis and a black t-shirt, a dark leather bomber jacket without the shearling collar.
“So, who else do we know that’s equally fanatical about them
On the coffee table was a half-drunk glass of ice water, though by now the cubes had melted into nearly invisible slivers. Condensation dotted the glass’s surface, the beads growing fat before succumbing to their own weight and rolling down its length, collecting in a puddle at the base. Beside it, sat
.” He pressed, aiming an accusing finger at the bag.
“So, anything on?” John asked after a minute or two of both men concentrating solely on inhaling their lunches.
“The important part is Patricia Andrew forgot her
. I'm still kicking around if this story falls within the same universe. But I think it just might. ;) I'm currently working on the next chapter of that. Can't give a definite update date but...muse willing, it should be in the near future.
Greg had texted him earlier that afternoon about grabbing some lunch together from a little hole in the wall deli just a ways down from the Yard. The only hitch being, Lestrade wasn’t able to leave his office so if John was willing to come down and pick it up, he’d in turn cover the entire bill. Not being one to turn down a free lunch for a bit of legwork, John agreed.
If John were to describe it, he felt extraordinarily—
When or where his mum had picked up the knack for the Polish dish, he’d never know, but when John came home from a long day at school to the lovely smell of cooking onions he knew it was going to be an excellent night.
Dufort had arrived at the hotel two hours ago, alone, retrieving a keycard left for him at the front desk and heading straight up to a room registered under the name
Overall however he looked…
The odd, drifty feeling of misplaced familiarity faded, something wistful swirling up in its wake and Sherlock followed it, letting his eyes slide closed.
Sherlock hummed and even with the swatch of shadow over his face, his impish smirk was unmistakable. “All it took really was me mentioning that a woman with dark hair was looking for her—since eighty-three percent of the women attending tonight had some shade of brown or black hair, the odds were in my favor that Claudia knew one of them.”
?” The doctor blinked, laughing a little awkwardly as he came to sit with his legs cross in front of him.
just copy and paste the bits you find between story sections to find out what this chapter's secret message is.
“I anticipated thirty-five minutes until he was sufficiently snubbed.” Sherlock offered intuitively. “In the meantime, I set my sights on Lucy.”
. Deciding to reply to it later, maybe tomorrow, the doctor glanced up and his eyes fell onto the empty chair.
Philip Anderson.
understand your concern Gregory. So might I suggest we keep a closer eye on him?” The other man soothed. “In our own ways.”
As always if you have any feedback don't hesitate to comment down below, I love hearing everything and anything. Thoughts, predictions, things you like, things you don't like, things you want to see, things you don't want to see, how you're doing today, etc.
Really all he needed to know was where or what he was calling to.
John steeled himself and slid the green phone icon to the right side of the screen.
Plus we do have John sleeping in Sherlock's bed for month :D
“Sounds a bit like you miss it.”
Things had gone surprisingly quickly from there.
“Did Sherlock ever tell you
Admittedly silly in retrospect, but certainly worth it for the soft sweet noise Sherlock made, one last quiver coursing through him before he went spineless, panting hotly over John’s shoulder.
John ended up leaving the rest of his dinner there and untouched, partially because he had no place to store it in his hotel room and partially because his hunger had quickly flagged.
against the page, making a small indented mark. This was an utter waste of time, wasn’t it? Hours devoted to what…making a
he was aiming to use again, Sherlock could do it just as easily back in London as he could out here. Mycroft knew that well enough by now. So to forbid him going based on that alone made no sense unless…unless the connection in Turkey was
#1 Across was ‘
The menu was at the bottom of the stack when Greg paused over it, admitting he’d never actually had Indian before. That coupled with the fact John had been practically living off a steady diet of Chinese for the last few weeks gave him the extra push to call one last time.
“You should see his flat though.” Lestrade mentioned offhandedly a short time later as both men cleaned up before John left. Greg was in the midst of making for the last pickle, only stopping to confirm John didn’t want it, which he did with a scrunch of his nose.
“It wasn’t with water.” Lestrade clucked his tongue, eyebrows arching as he plucked a few crisps from the now dwindling pile.
“I suppose I did, didn’t I?” John conceded, noticing in his peripheral that Sherlock’s antlers had gone askew during their pawing of one another. He reached up and began to readjust them, Sherlock bowing his head a tad in way of assistance.
“I uh—didn’t mean to interrupt.” Lied John, shuffling a bit in the doorway. He’d hoped for a little guidance from the DI, but all Lestrade returned him was a regretful smile before leaning back in his chair.
He felt a sort of bizarre promiscuity towards it as of late. Like having this phone somehow constituted as cheating on his real one. They were never kept in the same pocket for starters and even now, John’s everyday mobile was tucked away in his jeans which were draped across the back of his armchair.
Out of the four horses Sherlock picked to win, three of them placed exactly where he predicted. The fourth was admittedly a long shot by him—sturdy mare but had a bit of a limp that morning, nothing that would keep her from racing but she ended up placing sixth. Regardless, with the other three placing as they did, Tiryaki had not only made back everything he lost that day, but doubled it.
.” Replied a deep slightly bored voice from over the doctor’s shoulder. John twisted round to see Sherlock standing a few inches away, hands in his trouser pockets. Sherlock regarded him briefly, his eyes traveling down from John’s face to the cup resting on his thigh, which he promptly stole. John made only a halfhearted attempt stop him.
It wasn’t like Sherlock was going to ring him in the middle of the day. He’d only done that once back in May and besides, even if he did, John wasn’t obligated to pick up. He would have to eventually; no question about that. But to be quite honest, John wasn’t sure if he was any more prepared to hear the detective’s reason then he was that night in Durham.
“I’ll suspend you.”
Instead to his surprise, the doctor curled forward until his forehead gently pressed into the end of Sherlock’s sternum, John’s other hand coming up to squeeze at his shirt.
“So. I’ll just say…g’night.”
“Sherlock—alright, stop right there. I don’t hate you.” John cut in. He unquestionably felt a host of things toward the detective but none of them were anywhere near
I've added help text on the German dialog (which I hope is mostly correct as I used google translator). But if you hover over some of the words you should see the translation pop up. Which is not helpful to John but it's awesome for you. :D
“Correct. The intent was to show our hand so he might show his. And he did…to an extent. It amounted to few points of the vast criminal network he’d established.” Sherlock blazed on. Though hushed, his words had a hungry zeal. One John was trying to not let sway him like it used to.
“Right but how did Holmes
“Oh you’d like that wouldn’t you? Snipping the line when you don’t have to look me in the eye. Not surprising. Dictating from your ivory tower
It felt good.
With that cleared up, Sherlock seemed determined to ignore his protest. “Excellent! It’s leagues better than your bed—no offense. Seems such a waste to just let it sit there unused.”
If you have a cup with a spout on it, excellent, if not, you’ll just have to do your best in the later step. But here you want to crack your eggs, one whole egg and then separate two whites from the other two eggs. If you’re looking for something more “eggy” you can keep another yellow in there. Whisk or fork that up a touch, just to blend it together.
—large bed.
, then to the man’s face?
The worst form of psychological torture one could endure was not sleep deprivation, or starvation, or sensory overload, nor depersonalization.
). Even now the man was trying desperately to calm the situation, looking around anxiously in fear of causing a scene.
The voice, the timber, frightening in its familiarity practically vibrates through John’s pistoning thoughts of survival, makes him halt his counterattack despite instinct telling him to persist.
He’d finally given in and confided in Sarah about his insomnia, which was probably one of the reasons she pushed him into going this weekend. She also had prescribed him a sleep aid for immediate use.
“The time-old struggle of unrequited feelings.” Sherlock ended a little dourly, skirting around the word that usually accompanied ‘unrequited’. He looked down a moment later to find John staring back at him in with no small amount of his own
meanwhile was right in arms reach.
’ part just yet.
“Note?”
They reminisced on past cases involving one or both of them having to run a sting operation while John went about preparing dinner, dredging the chicken breasts in flour then dropping them into a pan sizzling with olive oil to brown.
John may or may not have then taken a seat on the very edge of the mattress, followed shortly with a fall backwards across the span of it. He certainly didn’t let out a blissful groan immediately after doing so. And he most definitely did not doze off for a good twenty-five minutes only to wake up mildly confused as to where he was for several seconds.
This phone call, this
John pulled the bottle from his lips with a soft smack and gasp. “This isn’t about eggnog at all is it?”
John used to rather enjoy it though, albeit secretly. While he tended to like things kept modest, watching Sherlock command the attention he did when the detective simply entered a room was undeniably gratifying.
He scrambled for a moment, feeling a bit like he’d been caught red-handed, which was silly. Nothing he was thinking about was all that bad, quite the opposite. He’d felt so cherished this evening. Really, his only worry was that he’d been able to impart that same feeling on Sherlock in the process.
hung himself had he?
“John?” Sherlock’s voice, inquiring if not a bit cautious sounding broke his train of thought. John shifted in his seat, resting his fork down with a soft clatter.
“Possibly.” Sherlock gave a nod. “But
“Wider, just a bit...” Sherlock coaxed quietly and John let his legs tip further open and gasped. The stretch went all the way down to his tender entrance, pulling at the loosened band of skin. Sherlock ducked his head to kiss at one of his trembling knees.
is Charlie?”
, placing his small case on the ground and draping the suit bag partially over the counter. From his back pocket he produced a leather wallet (
Both men laughed at that, the noise slowly dying off before the flat was filled with silence once more. “You hungry?” John asked abruptly, compelled into action and sliding a coaster across the coffee table before setting his beer down.
Not much of a secret at all, no. But stealing a kiss in brief moment of private with Sherlock didn’t feel like it had with previous girlfriends—him being a man aside. It felt more indulgent, headier, like he was tapping into something previously dormant. Something John had only scratched the surface of but could now sink down in and lose himself. Till the entire room, hell, the world coalesced into nothing but his lips on Sherlock’s, on the slow or needy roaming of hands, or the entwining of fingers, on their bodies pressed together or separated by a mere inch or two where John could
Interestingly, as of late when John returned home from his
Clearing his throat, the detective curbed the urge to drop his ruse at that
“An invi—” The doctor started just before realization hit him. “
Sherlock’s features were serene despite the notably flush of his cheeks and the gleam in his wide-set pupils. When his eyes suddenly snapped back to John’s, the doctor blanched slightly.
Tidying was about the first thing John immersed himself with in early months after the funeral; finding something rather cathartic in cleansing and organizing the upheaval he was experiencing.
In the infamous evidence walls John had seen in the past, Sherlock would connect correlations with string—though whatever was left of that was undoubtedly buried in a box up in the loft and the only kind on hand was hemp twine for bundling newspapers and old magazines. Far too thick for his purposes.
“S’ok.” Greg shrugged, openly taking in the state of the sitting room before turning his attention back to the map, nodding his chin at it. “What’s all this then?”
Handy-dandy code translator:
John is a mess...
Not that he was about to argue. Frankly at this point she could have offered him a dish sponge with a dash of red sauce on it and John would have gobbled it up and asked for seconds.
“Monumentally
“It’s just terribly inconvenient.” Sherlock mumbled, his reply dampened in spots by another loud smooshy interference against the mic.
I’ll just leave this here: http://morsecode.scphillips.com/translator.html
?” John managed steadily, feeling just about everything inside of him sink into his shoes. His mind flashed to all the instances he confided in Greg or Mrs. Hudson about Sherlock. The idea that either of them or both could have known this entire time made his stomach lurch.
He was currently standing on the landing, rain hissing against said roof high above him. Already there was a sizable wet patch blooming along the plaster. Several varying colored rings could be seen up there from previous leaking, a murky watercolor in browns and yellows.
Time passed, as it’s in want to do.
“Breathing.” The doctor muttered to himself, tapping his pencil on the paper’s surface while he mulled it over.
And yet, he couldn’t remember the last time he had this unspoiled an opportunity. To get high without a single soul around to stop him. No brothers or detective inspectors or flatmates or landladies for miles. Just him.
Without a second thought, John had carefully folded the bag up and tucked it back into the corner where he unearthed it.
“When have you ever known me to willingly attend a holiday party John?” Sherlock demanded, his collected façade giving way as he finally wrenched his attention away from the microscope to shoot a piercing glare at John across the kitchen bench. It dissolved a hot second later when the detective took in what he was wearing with open horror and disgust.
Rolling his eyes he answered the call. “I hate when you do that.” He spoke directly to the camera.
) tisked and heaved her bag up onto the counter.
John wasn’t sure what bothered him more in that moment, Sarah’s pity or the fact she was right.
Okay it was a spectacular dump.
The first man, loud and boisterous, tisked exasperatedly at his friend. “You know, that detective. That bloke. The fuck was his name…wait a tic I’ll find it.” He leaned back, bumping into John’s shoulder without so much as an apology as he rooted out his phone.
.” Sherlock replied sharply, his nostrils flaring. “And I highly doubt your fiancé would approve of you ogling another man’s
by was a maddening one.
“Be my guest. If you want me to have a few of the boys wrangle Anderson away, just give me a holler.” Lestrade winked and pardoned himself to mingle with his guests.
Whether it was a balmy palming at his balls, followed by a delicate pull or two. Or the occasional grope of lips along the underside of his straining shaft, the sweep of a tongue at the head. The only thing Sherlock didn’t engage with was John’s prostate. At least not touching it directly within. That didn’t stop Sherlock from kneading a thumb into his perineum now and again, making John writhe.
.” With that bold gleam still in his eye, Sherlock curled his tongue around the edge of John’s thumb to draw it smoothly into his mouth. John echoed the soft groan Sherlock gave around the tip of his finger as he sucked, burnishing the pad along the slick bed of his tongue and then letting the whole thing slip out unhurriedly with a debauched
So John said the things he should have said that day and made one final request to an impossible man.
John looked up at him in confusion before he accepted it. A hot cup of anything with caffeine sounded magical right about now. “Thanks. How…
(Though he couldn’t fathom what)
John took in a wavering breath, his swallow deafening to his ears. “We fought that day. Remember?”
—right yeah. Let’s uh...” John trailed off and cleared his throat, taking the lead as he mounted the steps, perhaps a little quicker than necessary.
You’ll need the following ingredients:
That had sounded a sight better in John’s mind when he’d thought of it weeks ago. Still, he reckoned it got the manner of his participation here across well enough. He just needed to stay on point, stay impartial. He would hear what Sherlock had to say for himself and then—well…he hadn’t exactly decided on the ‘
“While quick-witted, it was ultimately her greatest mistake.” The detective mused in satisfaction, his hand brushing discreetly up John’s back as Sherlock went to rest it on the top edge of the loveseat. “Though she tossed the statue deep into her rose bushes, what Mrs. Andrews didn’t realize was she’d left minute scrapes of nail varnish on the surface of the metal.”
Sherlock simply honed his glare, all the more steely under the florescent light.
He plopped the shoe down by its mate then bent over. “I want you gone first thing in the morning.” John added, his tone without a speck of room for debate as he retrieved the strewn sheet from the floor and draped it mostly over the detective’s prone form.
“Hello, my name is Madame Bélanger—” Sherlock scowled briefly, disappointed with how close he’d been to getting her name.
John had wondered in the past—usually after a particularly nasty row with Sherlock—if there would ever come a day the man would grow tired of him. That John would outlive his usefulness. Whatever qualities Sherlock found interesting enough to keep looking at him in that undefinable way that said without saying ‘
John hummed, glancing off briefly towards the pavement to his right, still several blocks away from the tube station. “Highly doubt that.”
Sherlock stared at him all the while, groggy, features soft. His gaze then drifted downwards to John’s cotton-clad chest where the detective gave a scarce nod and shutting his eyes, a long breath hissing from his nose.
“I wouldn’t know. University parties and I had a mutual avoidance of one another.” Sherlock returned coolly.
Sherlock had snuck up to the 8
and traditionally a light to dark black tea—when his mobile chimed.
anything. Even now his veins were crawling with the dormant itch of a lifetime ago.
and a very juicy tidbit about the Prime Minister’s plans to reduce funds going toward national defenses.
That was ultimately his fault. After Loudmouth Arse recovered and tried to take a swing at John and missed, John had given him a nice haymaker to the jaw sending him off his chair onto the floor. That’s when Buddy of Loudmouth Arse finally decided to step in like a true gent—fellow construction worker but nowhere near as built as LMA was.
Words came to him slowly and he purged them out as they hit the back of his teeth.
. John dipped his head and closed his eyes. Sensibly, he should just get up.
“And what exactly…
His therapist Ella informed him that not everyone experiences the stages of grief in the same way, but he’d go through them in time. That it was good to go through them. That he
“From Claudia?” John ventured, shifting a bit in his seat so he could regard him properly. The edges of Sherlock’s curls were crisp along his forehead and ears. At the onset of the rain, he’d tucked the stuffed antlers back into the pocket of his Belstaff as they left Lestrade’s.
“Anyway, I concluded that discovering their shared love of the films would serve as the perfect spark of interest. A light of hope at the end of Anderson’s miserable, lonesome little tunnel.” John gave a loud snort at that. “All that remained was to get Lucy from point A to point B.  That simply required me telling her I was interested in buying a similar piece of jewelry and she offered to fetch the business card of the man who handcrafted it.”
And of course I couldn't leave out the antlers I've been referencing:
“I know you’re eager to get on with the rest of tonight’s…activities.” Sherlock rumbled after he’d swallowed thickly, sucking briefly on his thumb. John felt heat spread over his cheeks and something that
He went about the remainder of his evening routine before padding into the main room and drawing back the ridiculously bloated duvet and sliding into what turned out to be an equally ridiculously comfortable bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
John internally beamed a little as he absently nudged a mushroom sliver around his plate. “She’s doing well otherwise. Hip’s still acting up but she’s never let that stop her. Unless it’s convenient for it to.”
. Instead of just anger, he felt something else welling up inside him. And that hurt too. It ached. It swelled behind his ribs and pressed against his lungs, crushing the air out of them. His shallow breathing no longer helping.
John looked down at the mobile, something about the word secure sent up a red flag in his mind. A second later it clicked. “You mean
If he answered at all.
. One for a very posh hotel in Paris France called the Maison Athénée.
“So don’t you dare.” John ground out, barely composed, releasing one hand so he could point a trembling finger at the detective. “Don’t you dare tell me
In hindsight it was pretty serendipitous. If one believed in that kind of thing. Right night, right pub, right amount of lager in his gut, the right seat next to the right loudmouth arse, and just the right comment.
At the far wall sat the room’s only window, the shade up and curtains drawn to let the early afternoon light spill onto the floor.
Sorry this took so long to update. I ended up reworking the story arch twice until I had something that felt right and made sense. Not to mention this chapter turned out to be a bit of a buggaboo. More complex then it probably looks. But I hope the wait was worth it.
It was unquestionably, terribly sentimental, the stuff of sodding romance novels (and wasn’t he always panned for romanticizing?), but it made John feel a bit swoony all the same and he let himself sink a bit more into Sherlock’s winding embrace.
“There was the noise for one—or lack thereof really.” John recounted quietly, feeling a bit fuzzy round the edges as his pill was finally starting to work. It felt a little strange too talking about this with Sherlock, but if the man was game to hear him wax on about his old sleeping troubles, so be it.
.” John said through another yawn. “I’m fine.” Though that was a bit of a fib. The combination of reclining, the medicine coursing throughout his system, and the detective’s lowered voice was doing nothing to help the doctor stay awake.
that’s very generous of you. Considering
Also, just for clarification:
“Find Dimmock and alter the terms of your bet. Tell him want to double your previous wager that Anderson gets
He wondered how Mrs. Hudson was faring, though he knew John would take care of her. No matter what.
John’s apron looked or how it was a good thing their parents had two daughters so she wasn’t stuck by the stove all day.
After a brief sweep of its contents the detective sighed, subduing an eye roll.
It would have to wait though, before he’d zoned out John did recall Clair informing him that his next appointment was prepped and ready for him in Exam 7 and he was already close to running late as it was.
“Uh…minus the crisps—sixteen quid, but we’ll settle up later.” John waved it off as he bit into a pickle spear, made from scratch as well by the taste of it. The brine of pickling spices, vinegar, and dill bursting on his tongue.
He didn’t pick up.
“Correction, he’s wearing a
Holding the bottle aloft, Sherlock drizzled a liberal amount of fluid onto his index and middle fingers. The way it ran down those blessedly
John usually felt late at night when he was trying to go to sleep.
Stopping short on the pavement, the doctor barely dodged a group of teenagers who were walking three abreast directly behind him as he stepped aside. He stared defiantly out into the middle of the street.
Rearranging the plastic handles of his groceries in his hand, John turned on his heels and walked briskly back the way he came. He hunched his shoulders, attempting to cover up as much of the exposed skin near his collar as he was now walking against the wind. “Fine I’ll go to
When John drew back to see him fully, Sherlock looked positively edible. Flushed high along his cheeks, lips pinked and a little swollen from kissing and spread in a challenging smirk, his sharp eyes a touch glassy, pupils narrowing as they retracted from the influx of light.
He’d got a little daring then, easing inside the room and placing both hands down over the duvet and giving the mattress beneath it a couple of testing shoves. It certainly had
“God no. You may as well be cooking with liquefied wood John. Next!”
Considering his power he’d have access to numbers wouldn’t he? Could probably easily get them changed and disconnected. No…that didn’t make sense. Why call? If anything Mycroft would send a car. Or manifest suddenly like some bespoke ghost at his flat. There were far easier ways to check up on John then having some government lackey call him sporadically.
Well then if the British Government thought he could just swoop in and smooth things over, Mycroft had another bloody thing coming—
It also had the added benefit of making him exhausted come evening.
and the
“Yeah? And how would you know? You’ve never been.” John was unwilling to admit that of course Sherlock knew
“This next, I think.” He felt Sherlock make a token pluck at his vest, still tucked into the waistband of his trousers. Nimble fingers worked slowly but efficiently, undoing John’s belt with a soft clink then moving on to the button. The moment Sherlock’s mouth was in view, John swooped in, cupping his jaw with both hands to kiss him heatedly and a little misaligned. Sherlock gave a low, rich groan and parted his lips.
He’d been shocked to hear a voice answer, male with a terse greeting. John stumbled with a greeting and received something frank and aggravated said back to him before the call ended.
A sound came from him, the start of a counter argument that was more of a
It was that or drinking. Though that sort of drinking usually involved stronger spirits. What he was doing currently was merely a plaster in comparison.
“He’s at the cottage; I came into the city by myself.  I have business to attend to.”
Dr. John H. Watson and Guest.
His synapses alight, questions bombarded Sherlock like rapid fire. The primary one being, cause or effect? Were the chips implanted in suicidal people, or did they cause suicidal thoughts?
Mrs. Hudson frowned. “No, I suppose not; you’re right, dear. All in good time. Well, I’m off to the store.” She barely got as far as the first step before turning back around. “Oh. There’s a woman with a dog at the door. Suki…something.” A wistful smile on her face, she added. “It would be lovely to have an animal around here again, wouldn’t it. Simply lovely.” With that, she descended the stairs until she was out of sight, and he heard the front door shut with a click.
, does it?” John called. “I mean, as much stuff as you’re bringing down, I should be in the London marathon by the time I can use it all. I would be back to my room by then.”
from your eyes?!   Really, John, do collect yourself.)  But I do not see what you find so amusing.  Are you not the one who insists, with annoying regularity I might add, ‘Eat, Sherlock, you need to keep up your strength’.  ‘Sleep, Sherlock; you’ll get sick if you don’t’.  Do you no longer care about me?”
Somewhere near his head, two brisk claps pierced the fog in Sherlock’s brain. “Wakey, wakey,” a voice said, adding a less whimsical, “Pissed out of his mind, he is, and he owes me forty-three quid.”
“Why don’t you take a look at the schedule and see what they have on?  I’ll be done in a few minutes.”  He still does not look up.
“But you do not ski, John.”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed with impatience.
"Ahhhhhh."
My hand lies on him.  Not unusual.
? How did you come to talk about my name?”
“Sherlock….!!”  John cried out as he lunged forward, arms outstretched to catch the man whose knees buckled as he fell unconscious.
“No, not at all. It’s the cabbie. Simon implanted him with a chip, and I suspect he implanted me, too.”
“I don’t think we should be having an argument now; we are about to have a baby.  Besides, you know I will win.”
I explain my plan to John.  It is brilliant in its simplicity.
“Too much data. There’s a device to read it and—I don’t know, wires and stuff—to connect it to your laptop. A backup wasn’t created, so there’s no need to tell you to be extremely careful.”
“I…I fear I am losing my mind, John.  Not going mad, but I am not as…crisp as I once was.  I am becoming ordinary.”
“I have a friend…” Sherlock paused, waiting for the caustic comment sure to be said.  Surprisingly, none was forthcoming.  He continued.
His head cocks to the side.  He sees something in my face.  What, I do not know.  He studies me, settling on my eyes.  His lips part and his chest gently heaves.
"Tis not a risk I will take, nor should you," Sir John countered, his eyes dark. "They be not concerned with what ‘should or should not be’, else they would not have taken your life into their hands with such arrogance. I do not trust them not to wish you to join these poor souls." He followed Sherlock's eyes to the lifeless bodies.
“Let him go.”  Sherlock leapt up, grabbing at John’s arm.
For the girl’s benefit, I point at the ‘Captain’.  “He’s dead.  A dead pirate.  A pirate is dead.  So sad.  One less pirate in the world.  I wanted to be a pirate.”
Bending down, Sherlock sniffed John’s breathe, unsure if the poison would leave an odor.  But no, John’s breathe smelled of ale.  He dipped a finger in the half-empty mazer sitting on the ground near them, lifting it to his mouth to lick it.  Sliding his tongue around the inside of his mouth, he tasted ale, and ale alone.
Both the wedding ceremony and meal finished, music resounded throughout the Great Hall.  Guests, their laughs jarring and loud, their movements imprecise from a seemingly endless flow of wine, danced to the spritely sounds coming from a trio of flutists.
Eying me with wariness one more time for good measure, he changes the subject when he sees I will not crack under the pressure.
John threw his palm up.  Taking a deep breath, it left him in a slow, shaky heave.  A couple smaller breaths more and he steadied. “Sorry, love. May we dispense with the
I take a long shower, scrubbing every part of my body thrice.  I linger at the closet, deciding which suit to wear: the charcoal one I wore to the reception or the deep blue one that John says brings out my eyes (this seems to be important to him)?  I dress with an unusual amount of deliberation, stretching out each second giving John time to come back to me.
He cocks his eyebrow, the smirk still on his face, “I kissed your back.”
I step out of my trousers and over to the bed, trailing John behind me.
A week?  Or
After checking to make sure John didn’t break the hinges on the door, he picked up the gun, emptied it of ammunition, and took it down to Mrs. Hudson’s for safe keeping.
“Yes, ‘oh’.”  I give him positive reinforcement.
The love of my life grimaced and looking away.  “This might sound, well, barmy, but…”
"Surprised to see me, eh? I’m your Christmas Fairy, come to show you that you’re wrong about people being better off without you.”
“So, what do you think?  This is the 2
Mycroft stood at the door patiently, watching as Sherlock come to the conclusion that it might be best not to carry on his private affairs in the hallway.
Sitting up, Sherlock checked John’s dressing and touched the back of his hand to John’s forehead.  No fever.  Good.  Brushing back a wisp of hair that had fallen to John’s face, Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s brow, hoping it would not be the last time.  He knew what he planned to do be risky, could well result in his death, but none of them would be safe until the attacker be flushed out of hiding and dealt with, in whatever manner that entailed.
close. With a little more fine-tuning, he would be as well-known—and
Undaunted by John’s lack of sociability, the new inmate poked more firmly at John, pressing firmly between two ribs, waiting for a response. “Move!” he added for emphasis.
“What was her name, Father?  Sherlock’s mother?” Millicent asked, enraptured by his memories.  She was not jealous of his love for Sherlock’s mother.  Though her mother and father’s love had not been a demonstrative one, it had been a strong love, based on mutual respect and understanding.  He had been beside himself when she died.
“Andi, I—”
His former flatmate.  His...his…he didn’t know what, now.
“Nothing be wrong, Laila.  Sherlock has wanted all evening to dance, and now he realises he be a horrible dancer and—”
“I am not going to
As soon as my skin touches his, I cannot help but release a groan that forms deep inside me.
“I was young and foolish, blinded by jealousy.  At the time, I thought twas the right thing to do,” William’s breath hitched, as if he might weep. “But never did I think she would take my son; three days later, Sherlock went missing.  Never did I think she would be clever enough to hide him from me for so long.  We searched for him for years, but he was not to be found.  It causes me no small amount of shame that I admitted defeat; I should never have stopped looking for him.  When I became ill, I knew twas time to try again.  A grown man he would be, and I had little doubt that despite his disadvantages he would find himself a worthy profession, perhaps a physician or a clergyman. I did not think it would be so difficult to find him, especially if his name not be changed, but alas, I suppose twas too much to wish for.
At the count of sixty, he and Cedric would start shadowing Sherlock from the brush at the side of the road, giving him enough time to get a head start, but not so much that they could not catch up with him with ease.  At the count of forty, out of the corner of his eye, Aldus doubled over.
“That’s not Mycroft.” Sherlock tightened the folds of his dressing gown against his body, but they couldn’t stave off the chill that had nothing to do with being cold. “He’s had his struggles, but he would never allow himself to become so rotund. This man must weigh six hundred pounds.”
“The sniper stood
“Where is she?”  Sherlock looked around, confused, because certainly he would have noticed a baby in the flat.
The room is too dark for me to see him.
“Yes.”
Please, just believe that, okay?”
This mobile, too, was powered off and flung, with slightly more vehemence, to the sofa, where it clattered upon colliding with John’s device.
“Tis not your fault, fool!” Cedric scolded Aldus, explaining to John, “Eduard needed to relieve himself. But when he did not come back I went looking for him. He was, he was lying in a pool of his own blood and I knew he was dead. Twas nothing I could do.” Quickly averting his eyes, he looked as if he, too, might cry.
, you did that on purpose.  Come on, out with it.  Why do you want to maim me?”
Passing an outdoor bar, I see a machine making crushed-ice drinks.  “John, look!  Slush puppies!  I am parched; let us go get one. They will help cool us off.”  I head toward the bar, a veritable oasis in the desert, dragging him behind me.
And he looked at the parchment again.
Sherlock bit the inside of his lip, unsure of how to go about this.  He knew that he was considered to be too frank, too insensitive to the mysteries of the human condition called emotion.  He needed to think about this.
is why I smile, why I laugh…John is happy.
Sherlock’s face crinkled in a way only his could as he considered his next words.  “You know what you said about being in love with me?”
Sherlock couldn’t frame the rest of the question. Something wasn’t working right.
Sherlock appraises me in the muted light of passing streetlamps, and I openly return his gaze, hoping he can see that he can trust me. He studies me for a good thirty seconds before he turns away.
As we close up the cottage and walk silently to the car, my hope is that on the drive to the station he will explain to me what has happened, but he does not.  His hand settled on my thigh, John spends the entire ride looking out the window into the dark, so lost in his own thoughts he does not even reprimand for my driving.
Thank you, dear Burning_Up_A_Sun, for the quick beta job.  You are so kind!
home, and twas no shame in loving each other…
Besides, I would miss John.
“If you be sure.  We, the
“This?”
John fought to hide his smile.
things.  Things he couldn’t know weren’t he evil.”  He eyed Sherlock warily, as if the man he had just tried to drown were about to cast a spell, dropping him dead on the spot.
“Tis dangerous, to be true-”
Still replaying the scene in his mind, Sherlock saw another man stray within view about five minutes later. Homed in, at the time, on the exchange between John and Mayhew, Sherlock had barely given the other person a passing thought. But had the second man been the actual Mayhew? He had walked within several yards of John and, glancing in John’s direction, had spun on his heel, retreating. Sherlock hadn’t seen his face; the canopy of his umbrella had shielded it from view, but his height and his frame had been…
Mary briefly considered the possibility Sherlock sent the letters or had someone do it for him.  John trusted his friend as he did no other and might have shown him the stick. But Sherlock did not bait people; his arrogance would force him to confront her head on, no subtlety for him.
Sherlock stirs beside me as he shifts his hips and burrows further into the pillow, but he doesn’t wake up so I keep reading.
I walked over to the roof edge…”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock answered. “Perfect.”
“Yoo hoo! Sherlock?” The call came from down below, measured footsteps on the stairs following it.
“Wait,” John said. “They know Simon stole the chips?”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade and this here is Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock grunted a half laugh. “Well, apparently, Mrs. Hudson thinks you do.”
Almost done.  He’ll be leaving soon.
We’re having the ceremony at home, fortunate that though Mycroft has been retired from the government for several years, he still has the connections to secure us a special license to marry at the cottage.  Sherlock will be more comfortable here than in some stuffy hotel or other wedding venue he’s never been to before.  He said anyplace is fine, that anywhere I am is home, but I know he will be more at ease in a familiar environment.
I cannot help but wonder where this is coming from; he has always carried the weight of his responsibilities with grace.  Never once have I heard him express regret over missed opportunities.  I start as a thought comes to me, filling me with a sudden foreboding.  Perhaps there is something…wrong.
“Hmmm?”
about it.”
But finally, Andi slowed, pulling aside a curtain for Sherlock to pass through. “Here he is.”
She pointed at Sherlock, her chubby finger still slick from some treat Mrs. Hudson had no doubt given her despite my insistence Katie not be given too many sweets.
“Well, of
Sherlock blocked out Andi’s chatter, his heart quickening each time they approached one of the handful of curtained-off beds, anticipating it would be where he would see John.
“John?”
“He was murdered with an injection to his carotid artery, likely by the sea maiden now dressed as a showgirl; I can tell by the shade of eyeliner matching that of the shipmates down the block.  You will very possibly find one of her plumes is a needle laced with …”
‘What the…?  Where is he off to?’  John thought in bewilderment.
John didn’t have to be asked twice, fumbling in the sheets for the tube that eluded him for what seemed like an eternity.  Finally grabbing ahold of it he unscrewed the top with his teeth and releasing his hold on Sherlock’s cock, he started to squirt some in his hand.
“Yes, daily, as you so matter-of-factly pointed out.  Really?  You get it up every day?  More than once?”
No.  NO!  He would not lose him again.  John loved him.  John
and see if tis
I know I give my thanks to Burning_Up_a_Sun in the story end notes, but truly, her help and support is invaluable,  (Thank you, honey!)  You should go read the story she's working on, it's wonderful! 'You Teach Me and I'll Teach You'
“John!  John!”  I cry out, but this time get now answer.  I am alone.
“Breakfast has arrived!”
My craving for John bordering on desperation, no matter how deeply we kiss, no matter how tight I hold him, I cannot get enough of him.  I need more.  More John.
“Fuck!”
He must see my quizzical look for he repeats himself, adding kisses for emphasis.  “You are,” kiss, “absofuckinglutely,” kiss, “amazing.”  (Hmmm.  As fond as I am of being recognised as ‘amazing’, deservedly so 99.9% of the time, I must admit I like this improved version.  I shall endeavor to add the missing .1%. What gifts shall await me
made a mistake so egregious that it may cost John his life?
“Cedric!”
quite windy up here and you don’t know who might be watching from one of the other buildings.”
Out of the corner of his eye, John noticed that instead of circling the packed car park for an empty space, the vehicle drove to the far exit and stopped.  Finding a break in the traffic, the Land Rover pulled out onto the main road and drove away.
“No.”
, he has everything he needs.
In his haste to reach Sherlock, he hadn’t checked the arsing clip or grabbed another.
“Babies?  Be that what this is about?”
Thank you Burning_Up_A_Sun for betaing despite your busy day!
On reflection, John wasn’t so sure that death might not have been a blessing.  After several days in hospital at Camp Bastion where he was stabilized, he was then flown to Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham for a painful convalescence.
“Why people wouldn’t be better off if you had never been born.”
John leaned over, peering at Gareth’s hand as Sherlock angled it this way and that for John to get a better view.
“No, no, he has no special knowledge.”  John put his hand on Aldus’ shoulder.  Though Aldus be ten and seven years, in some ways he still seemed a child, at times bringing forth a father’s tenderness from him.  “He be upset, that is all.  Just as for you, Eduard’s death was a great shock and he needs someone to blame.  The two of you have been sheltered, never having been exposed to the brutal death of someone close to you.  He will come ‘round, give him time.”
“So happy to hear.” As though a burden had been lifted by having the niceties out of the way, Mycroft seemed more assured, more like the old Mycroft she’d met, as he switched subjects. “I trust Dr. Watson’s surgery went well? In particular, the one you performed; I understand there was a procedure that proceeded yours.”
“You know what they say about assumptions.”
tempting, we must be off.  We have spent far too much time in preparation, and if Cedric has gone to his aunt’s house, he could have already left.  You have everything you need?”
Moments later John could see Sherlock’s body relax into his answer as he said, simply, “Yes.”
“She who?” Seeing only Andi, Sherlock looked past her for the woman Mycroft spoke of.
“Because of you.”
“Is something not to your liking, Mr. Holmes?” I ask, as his pen hesitates over the contract. “I assure you it is a standard contract designed to protect each of us in the great unlikelihood anything should go awry.”
Footsteps again brought someone toward the door, and Sherlock braced himself against hope twould be John; last time his hope had been for nothing.  But this time they stopped, and were followed by a light rap.
Colin’s stomach growled, and he growled back.
I eye him warily, wondering if I can trust him.
Nothing is worse for John and Sherlock than staying apart from each other, even if it is for a good cause.
“But why?  If he be educated why would he leave home for so long, and if what you say be true, why without recompense?  Why would it not be someone else who came for you?”
Finished wrapping John’s shoulder, Sherlock turned to the squires.
“Exactly,” John said, his voice stone. “I shoot you, the bomb goes off, and either way,
I take a deep, fortifying breath.  Soon John will tell Katie and then I will not have to endure this insufferable separation from my lover/boyfriend/date.  (That does not even include roommate/friend/doctor/ My Little Soldier/partner and the myriad of other titles which I attach to him. I am frustrated, there are too many labels!  Why cannot there be just one all-encompassing title for him, like…Oh!  I know!  ‘John’.  Just ‘John’ will do.  It is the only word that can even begin to describe all that he is to me.   My ‘John’.  Perfect!)
I finish plugging the video into the telly and, grabbing the remote, I climb into bed.
“What is going on here?” Spencer’s passenger was as perplexed as Sherlock. “Get this rolling piece of junk moving; I have a meeting in fifteen minutes!”
Yet, that cocky, confident man in the papers is not the man sitting across from me. Oh, he cloaks himself in an imperious facade, and he does a splendid job of it; I will give him that. To an observant eye, though, there is an underpinning of vulnerability. Of the sexual nature. I am not a gambling man, but if I were, I would bet everything I have that no one, man or woman, has tasted this man’s flesh. Such a pity. His flesh was meant to be tasted. Often and with great abandon.
As John’s hands rounded over the detective’s broad shoulders, he pushed himself back. Far enough to see the look of dreamy contentment on Sherlock’s face contort into a slighted pout.
“Oh.” Sherlock said softly after what felt like another painstakingly long pause. John greatly wished he could see his face, what expression he was or wasn’t making. That ‘Oh’ could have meant an uncountable array of things coming from Sherlock and all John had to go on was the (
“Quite the opposite. I happen to check it from time to time. Makes for a surprisingly useful reference. Plus Mycroft’s terribly sour about it.” Sherlock added proudly.
John keened unmistakably loud. His hands scrambled to Sherlock’s backside, squeezing the pliable flesh and firm operating muscles beneath, attempting to convey that he was in much the same state. The tell-tale current of orgasm was building in his balls and along his lower spine so quickly it was staggering.
Feeling his anger rise sharply, John tore himself away and stalked into the bathroom. He snapped the lock closed on the door, put the lid down on the toilet and sat. It was there in the darkness and quiet, shut off from everything outside that John leaned forward, burying his face in his palms.
to start dating again. Hell, just going out on the pull would be acceptable. It wasn’t like John didn’t feel a growing sense of loneliness as of late. That he didn’t desire intimacy, companionship; something stable and lasting.
“Bit 19
“The look on his face when I read off the lot number for a bottle that no longer existed. Not to mention he had a veritable winery in the boot of his car—all matching botched deliveries. I would have captured it in oils and hung it on a wall…”
“John.” He offered, seeing no reason to keep things so formal.
“Who?” Came another voice from the first. Both male, young, a few shots in and already slumping far out of the personal space of their barstools.
John wondered, finally taking a sip of his coffee and grimacing. He’d asked for a shot of hazelnut in his drink on a whim but he could barely taste it. On top of that the brew itself was downright watery. Setting his cup aside in disappointment, John went back to his research.
“It’s like living in a vacuum.” He murmured, taking another long pull, then another. Trying to parse what he’d been feeling lately. Or hadn’t been feeling for that matter. It was hard to put it into words.
“And what are you doing about this
No, this needed something finer…
Eventually he meandered to the produce section and was pondering the piles of fruits and veggies when his right pocket began to vibrate. John made a hasty grab for it, switching the basket to the opposite hand. Sure enough, there was an incoming call from an unknown number on
Still, it seemed like a sore subject considering Lestrade’s mood when he arrived. The DI was in much better spirits now, smiling, joking lightheartedly. John hated to sour it just to slake his own niggling curiosity. Perhaps he could mention it offhandedly…if Greg felt like adding to it great, if not, John would let it go.
“Shall I ready a car for the night sir?” Asked his assistant, coming in and closing the door behind him.
“Really Sherlock…” His brother chided with an impish satisfaction. “…overdosing in a slum? I thought you hated repeating yourself.”
” Sherlock gasped into the crook of his neck where he’d crushed his face, his voice sounding frayed and a little desperate. He seemed to move on autopilot, need outweighing composure as his hips gave a sudden snap.
“Good. I rather had something else in mind.” Sherlock slipped in just before the DI arrived, causing John to do a double take.
sell you out.”
“Planning to join me?” John inquired after a beat, purposefully sounding preoccupied as he entered his pin number into the keypad. “Not going to spring out of a bargain bin are you?”
Something clinched in John’s chest at the scent and he took in a slow stretching inhale against the tightness, his free hand gripping the rim of the box. As the ache passed he began to gently sift around through folders and notebooks, wafts of dust dancing in his torch's beam.
to recreate the streets of London. He wondered however if the fairy lights were still up at the real Baker Street. Or at all. He could easily see Mrs. Hudson opting to visit her sister for the holidays and John…going to Harry’s? No. That had gone awful (
before we’re back home.” Sherlock said, gradually asserting the plate at John until he took it. Sherlock had also acquired another glass of eggnog on his venture and set it down on the table by John’s knee.
Also, that getting up and walking around trick when you’re trying and failing to fall asleep is an actual thing. Supposedly it helps your body try the whole “Ok I’m getting drowsy let’s go to bed” thing over again. I’ve done it on many a restless night.
So to answer the
They ate lunch sitting side by side, John taking a passive participation in the conversation and letting Mrs. H ramble on. He found himself complacent to just sit back and hear about the goings on of Mrs. Turner, or her ‘married ones’ though the landlady fell abruptly quiet at that, seeming to catch herself and glancing to him with a drawn up bottom lip. “Sorry.” She broke, voice a little shaky, her hand clenching in her lap.
“Well you should use mine then. Assuming it’s still there, of course.” He added with a notable touch of doubtfulness.
Or—which was somehow remarkably worse—when Sherlock
To John’s inward delight, the forensic pathologist was sidled up next to Claudia, eagerly chatting her up while she appeared to be only politely conversing back. He might not have been able to read people as thoroughly as Sherlock, but John knew a forced smile and a body held stiffly when he saw one.
“How about we take a look at that hand.” John briskly plucked a pair of latex gloves from a box sitting nearby, pulling them on as he rolled over towards the examination table Mary sat across. As he stopped a few inches from her knees, John reached out carefully and took her hand in his, gently pulling the gauze away to reveal a two and a half inch slice in the center of her palm.
“John Watson.” The girl repeated, dragging a massive ledger towards her and cracking it open with a heavy thump.
John shook it off and gathered his dishes, ushering them to the sink so he could ready himself for bed.
Sherlock sighed dramatically, emphatically ignoring John’s question as he gazed out onto the party surrounding them. He scowled a second or two later.  “Who the
Mary's smile softened, though her eyes were still alight with gratitude. “Thank you Dr. Watson.”
that it could easily be extended. John had no choice but to cap his steaming temper and leave, not wanting to get himself essentially sacked. And wouldn’t that be something? Fired for working too much.
April rolled in bringing with it rain upon rain and Mrs. H had sequestered him one Friday afternoon mid-month to see if he could do something about the leak in the stairwell ceiling on the same level as 221B. He assured her his knowledge of roofs and leaks wasn’t exactly professional. However the landlady had simply patted him on the cheek, wished him luck, and went out to her doctor’s appointment.
.’ Granted, Sherlock was pointedly silent whenever John praised him for making a connection, or spotting a clue, or being otherwise bloody brilliant.
“Not terribly hard if you’ve seen how well he handles an investigation.” The detective muttered nonchalantly, earning another blustering laugh from Collins to the point where the healthy flesh of his cheeks matched the flushed red of the rest. Greg barked a token ‘
Giving his palm a thrilled peck, Sherlock released his hand, budging up till his knees knocked into John’s. “Splendid. But first, we need to shed this
. That should square things up.” Sherlock rebuffed and spun round, the edges of his Belstaff wafting out in his wake to head upstairs. “Besides…now he’ll have an actually entertaining story for next year’s holiday party.” He exclaimed over his shoulder, already at the first landing from bounding up the steps two at a time.
He wasn’t too sure what he would do in the interim. The idea of wandering around a convention center alone sounded terrible and John wasn’t planning on doing any networking. He supposed he could sit in on a few talks himself. Maybe wander around town. He’d be leaving early Sunday morning.
These people who’d trusted him, who’d saw something greater in him that few bothered to see. People that supported Sherlock through good and bad. People who were proud of him. People who
“You’re up to something.”
. You know how I loathe orthodoxy; nobody wants to talk about the germination rate of exotic fungi on necrotic tissue round the hor d'oeuvres.”
“Uh—right,” John replied, managing to keep a quiver of laughter at bay. Truth be told he’d enjoyed a touch of roleplay in past relationships and after becoming involved with Sherlock, John had gladly nurtured a resurgence of it when he discovered Sherlock enjoyed it just as much. But like experiencing most things with the detective, the act of roleplay had delved into deeper, grander ways than John had ever let himself explore.
Sherlock chuckled. “Good man.”
inebriated state. He knew fully well he’d never get an answer as the question passed his lips. “It’s 1 something in the morning here. Maybe we should call it a night—er—
The call was brief, as expected. Ending almost as soon as it started and leaving Sherlock feeling none better for doing so.
“Show me.”
“Mary.” She requested, taking his offered hand in a firmer shake then he’d expected.
Sherlock cried out and John felt a familiar stiffening followed by a burst of heat inside him. He pulled Sherlock closer in his arms, cradling him as he shuddered and pulsed. John whispered into his ear:
“Yeah sure.” Lestrade replied, tossing his jacket on the arm of the couch and sitting down as John swept back into the kitchen.
This time the other end disconnected first.
At least to any address other than 221B remarkably enough.
If Sherlock were a riptide, John was the idiot diving back in.
Putting a stop to what would most likely be a destructive train of thought, John focused in on the dry erase board in front of him, searching for his name scrawled in bright blue ink. There’d been a rearrangement of shifts towards the end of that week, Sarah scrambling to cover gaps as one of their doctors was being called away on urgent family matters and another had gone on holiday.
’ love,” John broke out into a grin. “Not standby while a desperate man has an emotional breakdown via eggnog and peppermint schnapps.”
Sherlock had just dropped a cube of beet sugar into his çay—pronounced
“Still.” The doctor replied thoughtfully. “Must have been difficult. For the both of you.”
. Er—no it was, it’s good.” Unsure where to go next as all the obvious questions were probably off-limits, he tried “Are you, in one
be asking for is
Sherlock took a sizeable jump ahead in the timeline to see Dufort abruptly out of his chair and kneeling in front of Gage’s, bent over his lap and with his hands resting on Thomas’s thighs.
He understood that
of the call ending. It didn’t. But it was so damn quiet over there John found himself checking the screen anyway.
have a certain comicality to it; indulging in one harmful habit to stave off engaging in another. Funnier still was how simply getting high felt like the lesser of two evils.
Because he wasn’t there to socialize. This was not one of his places to seek company. No, John came to this pit for three things and three things only: drink beer, eat pistachios, and watch a match. Full stop.
There had been a few cases that John hadn’t put up on the blog. At the time of he’d been too busy and after what happened…he couldn’t bring himself to even look at them let alone recount them for other people.
As John entered the examination room, he was greeted by a short woman with a pleasant face, though at seeing him her smile was more reluctant than happy. Understandable when John glanced down to the hand cradled protectively in her lap.
Loosening his grip on the phone to slip it into his pocket, John let out a long exhale and turned back to the stove, reaching for the burner’s dial with a steady hand.
John cupped a palm to his forehead, squeezing at his temples. "This is unbelievable—no. No. Actually this is
John was irrefutably curious how solid that claim was considering the man rarely slept in it. Any prolonged use the bed got was typically when the detective hit a post-case crash. That was if Sherlock actually made it to his room—with or without John’s aid—rather than crumpling into a catatonic heap on the sofa or his chair by the fireplace.
John pursed his lips, peering up at the mantle, his attention stopping on the skull observing over them. “I do…and if you put that—fucking poison in your veins you’re gonna prove me right.” He replied with a grave countenance at the detective.
John’s hips bucked with a broken curse, his lower half bowing as Sherlock proceeded to caress the swelling node with feathery pressure. John bit fiercely at his bottom lip, something high and thready breaking from his throat. A large splotch of seminal fluid dribbled from him, stripping across his navel.
Setting the tin down, Mycroft plucked it out and unfolded it. The murky colored paper being enclosed for so long had taken on the smell of the tea below it, the scent wafting pleasingly as Mycroft read the brief message within:
’ to an absurd level.
A: Mr. Sutton.
in that case had me intrigued. Who the hell steals socks at random?”
“Oh right. Yeah. Um…” John sat up. Even safely tucked away at Baker Street, he felt a sharp flux of adrenaline. The need to act, to follow, felt as natural as muscle memory. At a loss of what to say, he simply uttered. “I’d wish you luck but I know better.”
The two would meet discreetly every few months from hotel to hotel. The meetings themselves would happen seemingly at randomly and without much prior communication. Which made catching them in the act exceptionally difficult.
he was doing now that he was gone.
—No offense, but one can only take so much of you and Mrs. Turner under one roof.” He smirked along the rim of his mug, barely trying to lean out of the way as Martha gave a reproachful ‘
“Hello?”
Mahir’s amusement grew as he raised a brow. “Perhaps he is waiting on a better job offer.” He suggested. Though his accent was rich and heavy, Tiryaki’s handle on the English language was impressive.
No...not easier. Compulsive. John’s words tumbled from his mouth, with a crushing sort of need to be uttered despite how rubbish it was in retrospect. What good was it to lavish endearments on a slab of rock?
“A peace offering.” Mycroft returned casually if not cryptically.
“Then perhaps you should.” The elder Holmes remarked quietly as he reached out and gingerly picked up the phone, holding it out towards John.
Well, coincidences aside, it wasn’t exactly what he would call a ‘sighting’. Generally something being sighted included actually being
“I stand corrected…” Sherlock’s expression fell into something more refined as he straightened up on his stool. “
“This arrived for you.” She informed him, holding the parcel at an angle for a better vantage.
anonymous phone calls? Rather suspicious activity.
“Good, good. Do you…happen to have any thread?” He asked, aiming for what he hoped came off as casual.
Clenching his fists at his side, John slowly shook his head.
don’t give me that—that ‘
. John was well aware by now that when it came to taking extreme measures, that man never shied away. It was one of the most magnificent and exasperating things about him. That being said, though John still felt it an unbelievably heartless thing to do—even for Sherlock, if he were given the choice of the detective actually being dead and just pretending to be, he’d pick the latter in a heartbeat.
John blinked, looking down at the clear plastic containing his coat, wallet, keys, and mobile phone. “Wait…”
John strode into the sitting room, plucking what turned out to be a pair of fuzzy stuffed antlers and little felt deer ears glued to a headband amongst other holiday paraphernalia that had yet to be hung or strung or placed. He bought them on a lark a few years ago, but they had remained stored away ever since, unused and nearly forgotten.
Handy-dandy code translator:
a terrible man.”
time he did.
And he was, more or less. Mostly less.
Fighting back another blush, John averted his gaze for a spell, watching the newest arrival—a couple, their fingers laced between them as they made their way to the counter. His eyes then swept over the room, finding the two Uni students now furiously taking notes over a second round of drinks while the older woman with the romance novel had vanished, a young man with a laptop and an absurdly big cup now in her place. He was staring at his screen with a fervent sort of focus, fingers soaring over the keyboard as he typed.
John gave a nod, pondering a moment as he took his first sip, relishing the blazing trail the liquid made from his throat all the way to his core. “I could take a look at it.” He offered. “I’m no furnace whisperer but I can at least check if it’s the pilot light.”
The detective searched his memory, first recent then farther back, tumbling through correlations of coat and chair and shivering like an idiot—
Get yourself a big spoon, turn the heat down on your pan (round 4 or 5) we want it hot but not boiling. With your spoon start stirring in one direction, pretty quickly and with the other hand begin pouring your egg into the broth (this is where having a cup with a spout is bloody handy).
Which made it all the more shocking when Sherlock gave his curls a light fluff then proceeded to tuck the antlers carefully into the side pocket of his greatcoat. He caught John staring at him in quiet wonder a second later as he looped his blue silk scarf round his neck, John doing a poor job at covering by suddenly having to recheck if he had his wallet, mobile, and—
I also had a lot of fun researching Durham. I’d like to go there one day me thinks. Seems like a wonderful place. If you haven't looked it up, dooooo it.
He’d have all today to prepare and then Saturday would be spent at the convention center, one panel in the morning round 10am with other doctors and a personal lecture in the afternoon at 2pm. Both ending in a short Q&A. John had spent the rest of that week going over his discussion topics, ranging from identifying foreign illnesses to providing aid out in the middle of nowhere with limited supplies.
“What time it is.” Sherlock finally chose a crisp and swiped it through the dwindling onion dip.
made a rather clever alteration. He’d glued a pair of large googly eyes over the elf’s, resulting in him constantly being cockeyed.
The faux fur material was so much softer then he’d remembered it being, almost silky under his fingertips. He had an arresting curiosity as to what they would feel like against his face, or his neck, what they might feel like trailing over his chest or stomach or—
He tore off a slip of paper from a nearby scratch pad. Picking up a fountain pen he gave it a firm couple of shakes before writing a series of numbers on the slip. With a light blow to the paper’s surface, he handed it off to the assistant between two fingers.
Sherlock gave an offended scoff. “For god sakes, it’s getting impossible to keep track with all these archaic time zone changes! Why the hell do they
He kept on with his weekly dinner meetups with Greg; sometimes they would eat in, working through the flat’s ample selection of menus. Sometimes they would eat out. John making his first physical appearance at Caffe Tandoori in ages when Lestrade nearly drove him there by panda car after the DI found out about the whole lack of delivery.
John nibbled on the cap of his biro, his teeth gently digging into the plastic. He didn’t know anyone from Berlin. He
Greg’s mouth parted at a loss as he searched for a response.
.” Tutted John, ignoring the small triumphant smirk spreading across Sherlock’s face. “You have to wear something festive though—” He muttered under his breath, looking around the surrounding area and spying a small inch of brown sticking up from an open cardboard box sitting with several other boxes on the coffee table.
He could just make out Sherlock still observing him from the corner of his eye, probably seeing all sorts of things John was too bloody tired to care about hiding. If Sherlock had deducted anything he kept it to himself, instead querying: “You received nine calls to your mobile phone, correct? All from foreign numbers.”
hard to warm it.
?” Sherlock purred as he answered the call.
get a few lumpy egg chunks, that’s alright, happens to the best of us).
Crossing back over to the stove, John turned the heat to simmer and wiped his hands clean on the dish towel, tossing it down in a crumpled heap as he picked up the mobile. The device felt heavy in his palm for something so streamline.
“John!” Came a sudden call off to his right. John looked about before pinpointing Greg where he sat with several others around his coffee table. The DI waved for him to come over.
—look at me.” Reaching for a nearby napkin, Mrs. Hudson pushed it under the rims of her glasses to dot at her eyes.
It was probably just a ploy to get him in for more sessions. Which was ironic because that was the last one John went to.
Like the time John had wandered in circles around the Joy of Life Fountain in Hyde Park with a map of London to catch a serial killer with a taste for helpless tourists. Sherlock had disguised himself as a homeless man (Offensively convincing scents included) feeding birds on a nearby bench, keeping him in eyesight.
John strode up to Exam 7, plucking the medical file out of the holder attached to the back of the door. Flipping the folder open, he took a quick perusal of its contents—female, late thirties, hand injury, first time patient at this clinic—which meant no prior medical records on file. He gave a warning knock on the door and waited his customary three or four seconds before opening it.
John took a grounding breath, unfurling his right hand where it had been clamped round the edge of the counter to pinch at the bridge of his nose, feeling his blood pressure rising behind his ears.
“I’m surprised John…as a doctor I imagined schadenfreude was against the
Damn his brain. Sherlock reasoned it was out of shear exhaustion and the wine he consumed that night that his mind was being so
in fact.
“The whole Met is on it.” John replied for him as he returned, shooting the other man an apologetic look over Mrs. H’s shoulder, letting it drop as she turned round to regard him. “Greg’s just here to…to see how I’m doing.”
Resolutely unhooking the padlock from the clasp, Sherlock opened the cabinet doors wide. What he saw inside immediately caused him to forget his inner struggle.  Hearing the sharp intake of breath from the man standing beside him, Sherlock looked at John, instantly regretting his decision to bring the doctor along.  To be the reason John now felt the full force of his wife’s betrayal.
“And do you agree with Mycroft?”
all it is.
Wait.  What?  No “I love you” in return?  A chill runs through me.  The situation is direr than I suspected.  This requires drastic measures.  And I know just the man to concoct a devious, unassailable plan to make John happy again.
For two days they had wandered the streets of London in quiet amity, sharing secret smiles, stolen touches.  Talking of everything and giggling at nothing at all.  In the last two days, John had learned that nothing be better than being in love.  Nothing except for the man with whom he be in love, Sherlock, a quick-witted and bewitching friend and lover.  Their days together had given John a taste of what life would be for them, and he could not wait for every day, every moment of that life; he would never be bored.
He rolls over to face me, nudging a knee between my own.  His hand is on my face, smoothing it along my cheek.
“I love you, John,” I whisper.   My breathing slows in rhythm with his, my hand rising and falling where it rests on his stomach.
A lengthy pause followed. John leaned back against his pillow and closed his eyes. The grip holding his mobile steady let Sherlock know that he hadn’t fallen asleep but that he was thinking.
Moments before the stroke of midnight he was jostled from behind and as he turned to apologize, his eyes were drawn to a face masked in black.  Tracy.  Tall one, this, he thought.  “Miss Williams,” he said loudly over the music and the sound of the crowd starting to count down the new year.
Breathlessness hit him again, as if all the air had been sucked from the room and, desperate to escape, Sherlock grabbed his Belstaff, swinging it around his body and sliding into it. He needed to move. He needed to breathe fresh air.
The voice that came over the speaker was calm and measured, almost as if there wasn’t a swarm and a half of activity just outside the window and that death wasn’t a click away. “Hi, Simon. No, I’m not going to play any tricks,” Angus said. “It’s not how I roll. My aim is to get both you and John out safely—”
Twas no doubt John be restless, but Sherlock be the one with whom he wanted to dance.  The one John wanted to twirl until Sherlock grew so dizzy he lost his balance, and John would catch Sherlock in his arms and they would laugh and kiss and start over from the beginning.
Undeterred, Andi appraised him openly.
“You already know, John.”
“What the hell?”  John interrupts me, shouting at the ceiling.  With good reason.  It sounds as if dozens of carpenters are pounding their hammers on the roof, a scenario I find very unlikely early on Christmas morning no matter the workers’ views on the holiday.
“I didn’t mean no harm, honest,” she said, bumping into a ‘gentleman’ who grabbed her around her waist and buried his face into her neck. “Just glad to see an old friend, I be.”  She started to giggle, squirming under the lips nibbling at the base of her throat, already haven forgotten about John.
"I have always dreamed of kissing you, too, Sherlock,” he says almost shyly.
At first light, Colin had dashed to the blacksmith.  “Geoffrey,” Colin had said, panting.
With long strides he walked briskly to the door, barely pausing to snatch his coat and scarf, leaving John to hurry after him.
And in the end the love you make is equal to the love you take ~ The Beatles
I hope he sees in my face that I, too, have everything I need.  Everything I have ever needed but did not know it.
I lie down on the bed, gloating in my victory.  Soon we will be home, celebrating Christmas with our family.  And whilst I watch John throw our things into our bags (Careful, John!  I will never get the wrinkles out of that suit!), I text Katie.
prick!” he whispered.
Sherlock’s face was softer in sleep than when awake.  This was a face that Sherlock’s lover would have found easy to fall in love with, John observed.
His face is a blur through the shower curtain, but I can hear his smirk.
Before he became aware they did so, Sherlock’s feet stopped mid-stride, his mind curious, his heart hopeful, to hear what John had to say.
Though John had lived in London all his life, it no longer felt like home; while away he had lost everything that meant anything to him.  As he predicted, his sister had mismanaged his money and he now had no home, the mortgage payments she sent in being too small and irregular to convince the bankers they would recoup their money in anything resembling a timely fashion.  Never a healthy woman, his mum had finally succumbed to a stroke after one too many cigarettes and bacon rashers.  And the one thing that he had always thought he could fall back on, his license to practice medicine, was next to useless due to the memory loss he suffered from injuries he had sustained while a POW.
Sherlock tells John to move out and the doctor happily complies.   Too happily for Sherlock's taste.
What?
“Yeah, yeah. Of course.” John concentrated on not toppling over as he tried to get ahold of the crutch Myrtle had left just out of reach.
John squatted beside Sherlock, needing to see his face.  Needing Sherlock see the compassion on his own. “Did he kill Eduard, thinking it be you?”
“Turn over.” John slurred his words, his tongue thick.
“That’s sweet, honey.”
“See, thou
Theirs.
“Ha!  Tell that to Sarah.  Tell that to Janine.”  It stung to think of how deplorable his track record had been of late.  He was lucky if he could get a second date these days.
“I’ll call the police.”  John pats his pockets.  “Christ, I left my mobile phone in the room.”  Digging around in my pockets, he searches for mine.
His eyes locked on mine, his tongue leaves his mouth, but this time it does not rush back to its sanctum, it plays with his lips, wetting them in preparation of my arrival.  Thank you, John.  Thank you thank you thank you!
John proceeds with love-sickness symptom number four.  “Someone in love is miserable whenever the object of their affection is away from them.”
My hand fidgets at the side of my leg; there are too many people and too much gaiety and too much commotion. Dreadful.  I want to hold John’s hand, I know it will calm me, but he said we need to wait before we show public affection.  Why could he not have told Katie before we arrived?  Then I would be able to hold his hand and kiss him all I want without fear of being slapped.   But he said when he tried to tell her, tell her about
Dropping his head against the chair back and closing his eyes, John let his body wilt. What a fuck-all the day was ending on; he wasn’t quite sure he could be any more useless. Between Geoff cautioning him that he wasn’t strong enough yet to go “traipsing” about the city after the demanding day he’d had and Sherlock chiming in that John would be recognized by Simon, John had acquiesced to staying behind, grumbling that if it hadn’t been for him, they wouldn’t even know about Simon.
, Cedric be the killer.
I get a funny feeling in the bottom of my heart when he moves far, far away from me and tucks the covers under his chin, ready to sleep all by himself.
“And God keep you, Sire.  I be Aldus,” came the reply as Aldus lowered his weapon.  “One cannot be too careful.”
He turned and looked at the man who was making his newly-discovered heart pound in his chest.
“Papa?”  I was confused.
By the time I am once again upright, John has propped himself up on his elbow, with a smile on his face that says he is entirely too pleased with himself.
John’s mouth caresses me across my abdomen, inches away from what seems to be quickly becoming the new center of my universe- my penis pushing against the fabric of my pants.  My eyelids squeezed shut against the exquisite agony, I seek forgiveness from the lingual gods for what I am about to think, ‘dear fucking god’.  I am astounded; I never knew anything could feel so good that I would lose possession of my vocabulary.
Sherlock twisted the throttle but couldn’t push the Vespa much past 30. Still—zipping through tight spaces, tearing through a chaotic city scutting in every direction at once—it seemed as if he moved much faster. And he needed the speed. Oh, how he needed it…he hadn’t realized how much. The adrenaline rush counterbalanced the noise in his brain. Made his thoughts of John, of them together, fade to the background. And that was exactly what he needed. He needed to focus on getting to John, not to focus on John; those were two distinctly different things that at that moment in time would only disrupt each other were they to get entangled.
who talk and laugh about things that do not matter.  If only I could touch you I would be still and calm and it would make this unbearable evening bearable.  It would make it wonderful and complete.
“But you were a doctor.  A
“I don’t see him.”
”  Cedric’s voice boomed from above them.  “Let us kill
“Simon
? Sherlock couldn’t be certain, but it appeared as if that person was looking in John’s direction each of the few times John panned the restaurant.
“WBA.” Lestrade gave him a smug grin.
development. Nice little parting gift from the war. Though this time instead of nightmares keeping him awake it was a fluctuating feeling between restlessness and nothingness.
After a course of fervent snogging that threatened to devolve into frantic rutting once again, Sherlock lifted himself and took hold of the base of his cock. John wriggled a little to accommodate him, spreading his thighs wider and scooting farther down on the pillow under his back.
John thought with grim amusement, taking the flat sheet by one set of ends and flicking it out. He lifted a bottom corner of the mattress to tuck part of the sheet below it before pulling the remaining edge up then tucking that under as well, forming a forty-five degree angled fold with the linen.
. Still trying to believe it myself.” The detective replied offhandedly, nimbly loosening his scarf with one hand while he undid the buttons of his Belstaff with the other. He draped both over Greg’s arm without ceremony then muttered a thank you when he caught the expectant stare John was giving him.
to him.
Reaching for his mobile on the side table, John was halfway through turning off his alarm when Sherlock rumbled wearily.
Because he
As the doctor’s attention snapped back to him, looking decidedly disturbed, Sherlock began recounting on his fingers. “The first in October. The second in January, and the last three in May.” As he let his hand drop so did John’s stomach.
John gave an amused frown behind his napkin, wiping a splotch of pesto from the corner of his mouth. “Is that really a chargeable crime?”
Work, home, eat, sleep, rinse and repeat. It was structured, a sort of regimental existence he found familiar, soothing. It allotted John just enough control to tamp down the buzzing beneath his skin. Like bees making honey combs from his muscles.
Your handy dandy Morse Code translator: http://morsecode.scphillips.com/translator.html
Philip threw one last dejected glance toward Lestrade then beat a hasty retreat. He paused a second in the doorway to mutter a scant: “John” in greeting and goodbye before eking past the doctor and into the hall. John turned to watch him practically scurry away, his head downcast, avoiding eye contact with anyone and whatever Anderson had in the folder clutched protectively to his chest.
“Oh good John, you’re awake!” Mrs. Hudson hailed from where she stood by the center table in the kitchen, a mug in her hand. She was bundled up tightly in a thick plum coat over her housedress and offered John a thankful smile passed the faux fur trim of the hood. It nearly swallowed her head where it rested on her shoulders. “Come warm yourself up dear. I’ve made coffee.”
. Your supposed
John turned away and squeezed his eyes shut, the fingers still lingering by his right pocket curled tightly into his palm. This was ridiculous…he was
.. / .-- .- -. - . -.. / - ---
Mrs. Hudson—surprised to see him home so soon, invited John for dinner with a delicious shepherd’s pie. He accepted a storage bowl of it with the excuse of being dead knackered from his trip and spent the rest of the weekend burrowed in the flat trying very hard not to burn through half a bottle of whiskey.
Couldn’t be
Taking his seat, John began slowly working backwards through his phone log, listing every unknown call he received while weeding out the few local ones from telemarketers.
Spotting whatever it was he’d been searching for, Sherlock’s eyes flared in triumph. His regard shifted back to John then, catching his small, complacent smile. John felt long fingers slide over his hand at his side, curling softly around the underside of his wrist while Sherlock’s broad thumb swept across the top. A mimic of what he’d been doing to Sherlock earlier.
“One makes do.” Sherlock—or rather “Benoît” according to his shiny name tag offered stuffily in perfect French. He’d chosen Versailles for his native dialect. Seemed appropriate for the persona: eager, arse-kisser, well groomed, five years’ experience in the hospitality industry, multi-lingual, night shifts only, available to work
John suddenly felt like he’d cut himself off from the world. Like outside stood some barren wasteland and this had been his only human contact in ages. Shaking off the sentiment he picked up his drink, staring at the empty chair.
Despite his earlier qualms John was rather glad he agreed to go. It felt good to leave London behind for a while, even if it was just a weekend. Away from the noise and the people, from everywhere he looked reminding him of…
John couldn’t stop a giddy grin. “
He stood up, putting the perplexing train of thoughts aside for the time being to inspect his handiwork.
It was when he took his first sip, the alcohol burning its way down towards his stomach, attempting to put the bees to sleep, that John’s mobile suddenly rang.
“Of course dear.” She raised her arms and waved him in for another hug. John obliged. “Remember what I said, hmm?”
“No…No I know it’s in
Sherlock grimaced at the tiny shivering creature. Enjoying a few precious non-smiling-seconds before snapping back into his fabricated empathy when the woman (
John pulled himself back from where he was staring blankly into space, a tea bag dangling in one hand. He quickly dropped the bag into an empty mug on the counter and switched the kettle on to boil, the urge to relocate overtaking him.
Swallowing down whatever rebuttal he’d been building, Anderson gave a small defeated nod and bent forward, reaching for a folder lying open on Greg’s desk. For the brief glimpse that John got before the man flicked it closed, he saw what appeared to be a poorly folded map marked heavily in red marker and several newspaper clippings piled on top.
It was only partially his fault.
He could go three bloody days without thinking about Sherlock.
“But John, we live together. We saw each other all the time.” Sherlock refuted after a brief pause and John tried very hard not to get sidetracked by his use of current tense.
A week passed. Then another, completely and blessedly uneventful…no calls, no visits—save for having Greg over twice. One of those times for John's birthday when Lestrade insisted on taking him out to dinner.
“Yes but it’s certainly an answer.” Sherlock countered, his interest peaking. Oh there was no finer apple then one Mycroft couldn’t reach, let alone get to eat. Not that he ever would. Sherlock honestly couldn’t recall the last time he witnessed his brother consume a piece of fruit not attached to a pastry. “What else do you have on him?”
Six days ago Thomas Gage was sitting in Z Café on Rue de Châteaudun enjoying an apple turnover and complementary Wi-Fi when he sent an email from his mobile to a “Bugatti52” stating cryptically:
“So any idea what’s going on will all this?” He asked, watching intently as she poured.
“Well, for starters, no more keeping vital things from me. And that goes double for
And John did, more or less.
“Well…” Mary nibbled a bit on her lower lip, pink and lightly shiny with gloss. “Finding work’s been a bit of a trial and—I’m not much for sitting around.” She said confidently.
But to talk to him now, in
At the very least the diminutive size of the room—predictable for the price Sherlock paid for it—meant the ailing thing didn’t have to labor
His assistant nodded and took the slip.
“Hey…” John turned to him, speaking low enough that Sherlock could still hear him over the droning holiday music. He reached blindly for Sherlock’s hand, finding it tightly curled at his side. As his fingers grazed clenched ones, they flinched, constricting a little more before they slowly unfurled to slot themselves in the spaces between John’s. John kept his sights firmly on Sherlock’s face, which remained placid even as his piercing gaze flicked over each person there.
Sherlock. The same level of respect that I extend towards you. And that bloody well includes being open with each other.”
... - .- .-. .. -. --. / .. -. - --- / - .... . / ..-. .- -.-. .
The detective narrowed his eyes, fingers drumming on the small table in front of him. “You do know trying to argue with me expressively doesn’t work
tomorrow.” John mumbled into his chest as his eyes closed.
The start of a sentence was caught; a faint “
“Well, I’m sure that wasn’t
?’ but held it back for further assessment. He regarded the tray the landlady had brought up again; specifically the two wrapped bundles and recognized after
Sherlock’s lips parted audibly. “Yeah now’s not exactly the
“And you know this how?” The other man inquired, just on the right side of amused for Sherlock’s purposes. He couldn’t have asked for a better lead-in.
(you can add a bit more if you want a thicker broth.)
It was mindless. Sherlock would have hated it.
Grabbing a chair to stand on, the detective pried off the metal cover to the vent just over the set. Inside the duct he’d mounted a small black camera, angling it to get the best shot of the bed, wall bar, and lounge.
“Please, Sherlock—oh god, I—I need—” John ground himself feverishly on Sherlock’s stomach in a bid for more friction, feeling himself charging towards the edge of release. He let out another bright keen when the hand at the back of his neck was snaked between them and dexterous fingers wrapped around his aching length. Any previous reservations John had about staying quiet shattered as he tried to hold out against the onslaught of new sensation, succeeding a few stuttering plunges into the solid grip before he was coming, spurting over Sherlock’s fist.
Sherlock leaned forward, lacing his fingers and resting them on the chilly rail. “Her rider’s just broken up with his girlfriend. Rather messy from the looks of it. His head won’t be in the race.” He supplied.
As John readied himself to turn in he took a brief look over his face with a sigh. He really had been an idiot to let those two prats get the better of him. But, this was the bed he made, he was going to have to sleep in it.
“John—” Sherlock gasped a little helplessly, his body tensing as the doctor closed his grip around them both as best he could. With the distance between them, John could only manage to press the first few inches of their cocks together, but it was enough to facilitate a tentative frot.
were very different things when it came to assault.
“You smell fantastic.” John murmured into the detective’s hair, winding his arms loosely around his neck.
“Christ—
those S’s.
“Now, unless you’re actually prepared to check in, if you’d be so kind as to take yourself and your incontinent dog and
.” Mary spat, then grimaced out a “Sorry” as she tucked a wayward strand of short blonde hair back behind her ear. “I knew it…just with the depth of the laceration; I didn’t think I could get away with butterflies.” She sighed again, disappointed with herself.
“Seems like a genuinely harmless bloke to me. Although I
.” John snarked lightly. He grabbed the receipt as it spat out of the machine, tossing it in one of two bags and loaded them both up into his right hand.
desire it?”—
from between his protruding lips where his cheek had smooshed into his shoulder.
I purposely left it ambiguous if Sherlock did or didn't use while he was in Turkey because I wanted the reader to decide. Do you think he strayed? Do you think John's influence was enough to keep him straight?
That when John grunted he was going “
And when it came to the fridge, he’d taken no prisoners. Clearing and scrubbing it until John had reached one of the bottom crisper drawers and found a baggy of human pinkies in the far back corner, buried under a sack of onions.
he’s out.” John reported confidently. “Now it’s a bookseller around the corner on Porter, just opened up. She brings him brandy snaps.”
“Nothing for me. Thank you.” Sherlock was quick to reply, hauling John from his rubbernecking.
“She…she misses you. Very much.” John added tentatively. “In fact a lot of people do.”
It made them far easier to maintain.
dying if possible. Which meant making a few arrangements based on several scenarios I—”
had no idea whom she was attempting to fleece.
’. All sorts of colorful things start to come up in conversation after the third or fourth round of shots.”
“Git.” John murmured, smirking softly as he gave one edge of the duvet a soft tug and left.
John made his way over to his laptop and the small organized mess of notes and files laid out for an upcoming blog entry. He produced a legal-sized notepad from under a newspaper dated from last year—the headline:
“Can I…can I use your phone?” She sniveled, sounding on the verge of hysterics. One hand daubing a handkerchief to her eyes, another was pressed flat against her white blouse. Like her heart threatened to give out from sheer calamity of it all. Tragic indeed. To the unaware.
. And that had nothing to do with some Englishmen pride; he and Sherlock just weren’t the sort for it.
…since Sherlock is hell-bent on continuing these little
As if proving a point, John took a drink of his beer, lips plunking off the rim loudly in the flat.
Complying, John pulled at the little switch on the door’s armrest, shutting it with a gentle buzz and creating a remarkably silent pocket within the cabin. Though he could feel the recirculated air flowing, John couldn’t hear it. Nor the engine running for that matter save for a minute vibration underneath him. John suspected it might be a short conversation since the car was left on. Mycroft didn’t seem like a man to waste petrol with idling.
“I only called you five times.”
“Nothing a few hours rest won’t fix. Terrible habit I picked up from someone; sleeping when need be.”
sounds like a very
you building up steam down there,” Sherlock chided softly, startling John a little from his thoughts.
of the calls. As it stood now, he would have a cluster of unrelated points, which was about as helpful as a list of them.
“Anderson went a little—
“Uh—hallo…” The doctor replied inelegantly, trying to evoke any scrap of German he remembered besides hello, good day, please, thank you, and a handful of expletives—which of course John could recall at the drop of a hat. Seemed a bit counterproductive to utilize those now though. He decided to press his luck:
“John?”
Neither of them had found that very convincing apparently.
He’d nearly begun to doze off when Sherlock spoke up, his tone low and rolling a little like thunder to John’s ear.
John left the bright, impressively stocked Majestic Wine with a decently priced Marsala. Sherlock had recommend a wine in the middle range, with a light sweetness and a smooth finish John could drink if he so chose to. Which he just might, considering he’d spent a whopping fifteen minutes while Sherlock critiqued nearly every
“Yes, well, mind you don’t let it get to--” Sherlock cut himself off, followed a loud rush of something brushing against the receiver. “John I have to go. He’s—my mark is leaving.”
.” The doctor corrected with a wince.
John thought he heard Sherlock grumble that they’d just have kept it down in C, which he rightfully made no comment to, adding the chicken back into the pan and dousing it with the surrounding sauce.
, there staring back at him. That predatory air from the party returning tenfold it seemed.
Lestrade’s eyes narrowed a fraction, but said nothing.
“The big reveal yeah—pulling back the curtain, prove how bloody
One from the mobile phone of the world’s only Consulting Detective before he plummeted into oblivion.
Their mouths met, heated, hungrily, John’s hands roaming over every inch of Sherlock he could touch. There was something John relished about the weight of him, the way his larger, longer frame surrounded him. He followed the trail of Sherlock’s spine with his fingers, stopping to adore over the subtle iliac dimples at the small of his back. The ones Sherlock adamantly denied he even had.
The area under his left eye was a kaleidoscope of colors. Mostly the deep purples and reds of fresh bruising, eventually turning yellow and brown when it began to heal. There was a broken cluster of blood vessels where a knuckle had impacted directly with the bone, and another just below his bottom lip where it felt like John’s lower cuspid and surrounding teeth were too big for his jaw.
Giving her another thanks and a peck on the chin, John practically flew up the stairs back to the flat; filled with a vibrant sort of energy he hadn’t felt in weeks.
“Yeah…as would I.” John frowned up at him, not understanding at all where Sherlock was going with all of this but knowing fully well what
There…he would be wrong.
His mind began to reel, churning with possibilities faster than he could cast them aside. For instance there was nothing stopping either man from sneaking out via a fire exit. Though all of those doors had blaring alarms on them when opened, they were only audible within earshot. Useless to him here.
- .... . / .... . .- .-. - / --- ..- - / --- ..-. / -.-- --- ..-
“If you’ve put any money down on Babaarat I’d reconsider.” The detective had spoken up informally, nodding towards the five or so jockeys walking towards the starter gate. To the very right of the gate, was a large electronic board displaying the horses for the next race, the horse in question had odds to win. Mahir regarded him with an expected skepticism.
“Bit of a conundrum. I usually like those.” He added with a shy huff.
an ugly Christmas sweater.” He kept the momentum going, crossing to the other side of the kitchen to where his wallet was sitting beside his mobile on the counter.
orders of the Thai dumplings. That way, when Sherlock inevitably ate most of them, there would be some left for him.
harshly. But I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. And Sherlock was very tired apparently. So we get, Sleepy!lock and GoodGuy!John
“Oh god, love. Don’t stop, please don’t stop,” He pleaded, the skin of Sherlock’s back denting under his fingertips. Stars flashed behind his eyelids as Sherlock skimmed passed his prostate, sinking steadily inwards until bottoming out with a broken groan across the doctor’s ear. Lean arms wrapped around him, a hand coming up to cradle the back of his neck, the other tucking between the floor and John’s scarred shoulder.
The doctor made his way down the hall, passing Sarah’s office and several examination rooms, trying to ignore the foreign weight at his hip with each step and simultaneously kicking himself for not just leaving the stupid thing with this his stuff when he clocked in that morning.
Also please please don't be shy. If you have the time leave me some love or speculation or complaints or hell your dearest hopes and dreams in the comments down below. I love hearing from people and I love discussing things.
John scarcely felt self-conscious about being nude in front of Sherlock these days. Not like he had in the tender starts of their intimacy before Sherlock had
“You remember his software; the key to any door real or virtual? Never existed. A complete fake. He—it was a game John. The break-ins, the trial, Brooks, my ruined credibility, I
Well, if he was going to go with a mugging his appearance certainly fit the bill. At least to the average viewer.
Miss me? We'll talk later, in the meantime enjoy!
“Fuck. You sound like that ponce who offed himself.”
Cautiously, John leaned to his right, ready to react if warranted. However the other man kept perfectly still as the doctor reached over for the lamp on the side table, fumbling for the thin strand of the pull chain.
Arousal flooded John’s body so fast it made him dizzy. He could feel the thick line of Sherlock’s erection pressed firmly alongside his thigh. His own cock was nearly touching his stomach, throbbing from his bollocks all the way to the engorged head.
~<>*<><>*<>~
John couldn’t help but laugh into the flesh of his palms at the thought, drawing his hands down until his fingers were pressed against his lips. Nostalgia brilliant but painful flared beneath his ribs.
care?” Sherlock jeered heatedly, drawing himself out a little from his Belstaff fortress. “You’re just a construct! A personified conscience my mind’s created for me to heed. Go rattle your chains somewhere else.” The detective jerked his head towards nowhere in particular. “I don’t…
Their audience splintered off soon thereafter; chatting amongst themselves or getting up to freshen drinks and grab more food before it was gone.
He all but glanced at it for a minute or two before spending the majority of his flight replaying John’s voice in his head.
Funny story time! When I made the choice to include Dimmock, I hadn't realized he'd never been given a first name by Mofftiss. He's just known as Dimmock. My searching brought up a lot of suggested names from fans and I personally dug Charlie. So he's now Charlie.
“I am a grown man Mrs. H. I can take care of myself.” John huffed into his drink, the steam felt marvelous as it blew up into his face. “Believe it or not, other people even look to me to take care of them.”
When he came to the final point in Berlin, the doctor tacked the floss down and snipped the loose end with the small clippers of his Swiss army knife—a birthday gift from Mike who’d been rightfully shocked John hadn’t owned one already.
Sherlock wanted to scream. But he stood numb, willfully postponing the full impact of where he was. Or why he was there.
Sherlock lay with his back to him, his arms laying askew where they had dropped when the bloodied robe was removed and tossed to the side. Any anger and embarrassment Sir John had felt when he heard his squires talking now forgotten, he covered Sherlock up to his waist with a blanket. Crouching down, in the dim light he looked closer at the wounds, relieved to see most were crusted with dried blood, only a couple openly bled. It must have been weariness and not blood loss that had caused him to faint.
Please excuse my bumbling.  I have to say it's a challenge trying to write in this time period.  I know there are those of you reading this who know far more than I about the medieval period, so please know all pointers are welcome!
John shifted on his feet, righting himself into a shooting stance, his hand sure
“… people I was attracted to.  And now, well, the
“Bastard!”  His hand still smarting from hitting Cedric, John would gladly break every bone of it if it meant destroying Colin.
“Placing blame won’t help.”
I look at the closed door.  I hate that door.  The door between me and John.  Hate, hate, hate.
Something more he could offer to the world at large.  Something more he could offer to the men and women who put their lives on the line in the name of freedom.  He felt as though there was something missing in his life and while enlisting in the Army might not be the answer, he could be doing something worthy as he figured out what the answer was.
message.
But as significant as that was, it was not what made the envelope different.
“That’s not my world anymore, Mr. Holmes,” she said.
“Clearly,” Sherlock interrupted, “you lack the critical thinking abilities required of someone who should be capable of fulfilling their duties without playing imbecilic practical jokes. You couldn’t properly secure a—” Sherlock cut himself off mid‑sentence as the dog rose onto its hind legs and put its paw to the doorbell.
.  He could not have more boldly declared his love for Sherlock.  Hiding his regard for Sherlock was going to be much more difficult than he thought.
John’s grief was so strong he could barely breathe; his lungs refused to expand enough to properly take in air. Staring at the body beneath him, he looked at the face he had followed countless times, at the mouth that somehow made ‘idiot’ sound like an endearment.  Wished he could just once more look into the eyes that had brimmed over with more life and intelligence than any one person had the right to possess.  Taking a lifeless hand in his, he lifted it to his cheek and closed his eyes.  Felt the warmth against his face he knew would too soon be gone.
“Yes, you may proceed.”
wrong.
“Here, get up for just a minute will you.  We’ll regret it if I don’t get some fresh sheets on the bed.”
"Settle down. Settle down. I needed to immobilize him for a few minutes, that's all." Simon pressed the hard, round muzzle of the gun against John's ribcage. "You're so protective. Kind of sweet, really."
“Sherlock! You didn’t-”
All but one.  A government badge bearing the picture of a beautiful brunette in her early-to-mid thirties.
“Do not be angry, John.
in it).   I suspect it was at his own blog...   What is a fangirl?  I will have to ask John again.
He laughs again.  My heart smiles.
in his groin. He should have taken care of his problem by himself, twould have been much less trouble. But he needed to touch someone, to feel a warm body beneath him even if twasn’t the warm body he wanted. The warm body he needed. He had thought if he closed his eyes he could forget who he was with, but it had not worked. Her body twas not right and he could not get hard enough. Could not release the tightness in his groin. Standing up, John pushed his half-hard cock into his breeches as he pulled them up, more frustrated than when he had stumbled upon the wench.
“Quiet,” a deep voice whispered into his ear.
While talking with Sherlock, looking at his flatmate who was
Sherlock cannot think.  Has he been brainwashed?  What other explanation could there be for only being able to think of John Watson?
Sucking in much needed air, John’s chest heaved.  And shaking the pain out of his hand, he strained to see Sherlock.  To let him know that they had Cedric.  But his elation shifted to horror at what he saw.
Sherlock seemed to perk up at that, though he still appeared to John like a man about to head off to battle.
…is that so?” John gasped in theatrical wonder, carefully balancing his basket on the narrow edge of a produce crate with his thigh so he could inspect a carton of mushrooms. “You’ll have to forgive me then; I didn’t realize I’d been supplying you with
What a fool he’d been. All this time, all the grief and guilt and for what? The sake of some
To John’s merit he tried to be controlled. Tried to not let Stage 2 get the better of him. But
Collins was portly fellow in his mid-forties, the first stages of male-pattern baldness peeking through his short chestnut hair and with a mildly worrying case of rosacea spreading up each side of his ample cheeks. John didn’t know him personally, other than he didn’t work in Lestrade’s division.
“It’s perfect.” He remarked, thumbing over the string. “Thank you.”
“Allow him that—” Mycroft imparted, his expression becoming unreadable. “—at the very least.”
“Right.” John said, somehow keeping his tone level whereas every fiber in him vibrated.
exist:
Sarah cut him early and John didn’t argue. For once in months, he didn’t argue. He simply pulled on his coat and autopiloted all the way home to the point that when John was plodding up the stairs to the flat he hesitated before walking across the threshold. He couldn’t quite recall how he got here. He’d done it countless times from just being knackered but tonight, it unnerved him.
The old year evaporated before his eyes.
The doctor stilled his movements and listened. Ordinarily these calls were dead silent but there was definitely something coming through. A sort of ruffling swishy sound beyond the static, like when your face brushed over a phone’s mic.
“Hello?” The doctor frowned at the roughness in his voice.
John had been keeping an eye on forum from time to time since he found it. He never posted himself, though he ended up registering a username so he could subscribe to certain threads. Ones that seemed more plausibly related to Sherlock. But even those only held what John would consider nothing more than a shade of him. Like a movement at the corner of one’s eye, gone when you looked for it. Making you unsure you saw something in the first place.
The detective remained relaxed even as proposed. “And if one
“Just wondering why you’re still in those.” John covered with a lopsided smirk, lacing his hands behind his head and nodding at Sherlock’s slacks. “You’re not having second thoughts about deflowering me in my time of need are you?” He caught the tip of his tongue between his teeth and gave a saucy wiggle of his hips and a come-hither bounce of his eyebrows. It had the desired effect of wobbling certain interested parts.
“Hello?” He tried again, frowning a little. Maybe it was a bad connection. “Is someone there?”
“Yeah, if you’re Christmas Robin Hood. Sherlock, I thought we agreed no more stealing things from Lestrade!” John reproved as he wobbled the cognac by its neck for emphasis. Though he was quite certain the smile in his eyes belittled any smattering sternness he was going for. Of course, Sherlock would couple doing something purely charitable with doing something wholly roguish. As if he was compelled to keep some sort of karmic balance at all times.
“Fine. Look…I want to make one thing clear here.” John took a lean against the counter at his back, addressing the room for lack of a person. “This is not—this not me forgiving you. This is not me trying to reconcile. You wanted a chance to explain so…explain.”
“John nothing you write is
John simply nodded.
They fell into a lull and John found himself mulling (
John pulled the mobile away, looking almost insulted. Which was absurd, who got upset by a wrong number? Without considering how puerile it was, he brought up his call log and hit the last incoming number with his thumb, redialing it. The line rang once then:
“Uh…no not really.” He called out, settling back into the battered green leather. The telly had been dragged into the center of the room in anticipation of whatever they decided to do that evening. Greg searched for the remote, rescuing it from being nearly sucked down between two sofa cushions.
Taking the two cards, Sherlock started to process the check-in, pulling up the registry information in the computer console tucked underneath the desk’s thin counter of an overhang.
and the ones having an affiliation with the detective in some way or another.
, no…though I think I will have some of that eggnog before it’s gone.” Sherlock said pleasantly and both John and Lestrade shared a questioning look.
large sums of money, along with a guaranteed nod for a Senior Minister position as he was currently a Junior. One with his ear firmly pressed to the ground of the Élysée Palace, the hub of the French government.
John’s smile broadened as he stood, pocketing his phone and picking up his still full cup, looking forward to the satisfaction of binning it in the nearest reciprocal. He had a brief inkling to ask for a refund, but for only costing him around a pound and a half, it just didn't seem worth the effort.
?” Sherlock prompted. The way his eyelids lowered a fraction, slowly and softly in the snug darkness of the backseat caused John’s pulse to stutter.
John nodded and the DI left them standing on the outskirts of his living room.
“Cor, he’s practically slathering over her. A cup or two more and as soon as she makes it for the loo he’s going to pounce.” The doctor reasoned.
In the past minute he’d considered pulling a fire alarm or ringing in a bomb threat.
As he unlocked a drawer in the desk, selecting a blank plastic card from a tall stack and feeding it into the key encoding machine, the detective supposed it wasn’t
The sight of Sherlock’s cock, flushed and lightly shining at the tip where it crowned from slightly paler foreskin made his mouth flood and John’s own length ache with sympathy. He absently took himself in hand for a few tender strokes while Sherlock loomed—the addition of the antlers it making him appear an even taller and statelier figure.
Worn out from a tumultuous week and talk of a past no one should have to carry with them, John’s eyes drift closed.  This time I do not lie against the back of him as we settle to go back to sleep.  This time we lay in each other’s arms chest to chest, his knee between my legs, my face resting in the crook of his neck.  Feeling our hearts beat together.
choose to bait your squire’s murderer and-”
“I have decided that we can no longer wait for him to come to us; we must go on the offensive.”   Sherlock paced as he talked, laying out his strategy to find Gareth.  “The plan I have devised tis simple enough, but it should be effective.  If I am who he wants, than tis I who he will get.  I will ride ahead alone and-”
“Andi,” Sherlock said, whipping the mobile with Rose’s app out of his pocket, checking her location and huffing with relief when he saw she was still at Whitehall. “We need to secure a helicopter. Now. Army, media, private hire. Whichever is closest. We need to get Rose to the flat.”
already,” John said, facing Cedric and Aldus.  “No one,
“Huh? Uh, what?”  John blinked a few times and rubbed his eyes.
And as if a small burst of light went off in his brain, John thought,
“It’s time to get back to the cottage, John; I need to do some research.”  Taking one last look across to St. Bart’s roof, Sherlock followed John as they carefully navigated their way back to even footing.
And in the background hummed vague guilt that his overriding concern seemed to be for himself...that he missed John. That John might not remember him.
“Again?”
Cautiously, Sherlock answered, “Yes.”
When Sherlock had taken his hand in his, had looked past all that John knew he had seen, it caused in him an inner strength he had not experienced since he had been injured.  As if he was the man he used to be.  The man he should be.
fault John is attracted to a certain lifestyle.
“How much time we have left, Sherlock?”
John’s stomach twisted; he felt ill.  The arguments Cedric presented
I playfully slap Sherlock’s hand away as I hook up the television in the bedroom.  He’s a whiz with electronics once they’re up and running, but he’s shite with wires and connections.
“Good night, sweetheart.  I love you.”  His tone is sorrowful.
Sherlock didn’t say anything at first as he tried to absorb that John had confessed to a murder he didn’t commit.
“You were asking me about my drinking habits at the Ram’s Head.”
I sit in my chair and stare out the veranda window.  It is a beautiful Welsh morning…the sky free of clouds, the buds on my rose bushes ready to burst into bloom, birds chirp from a nearby tree.  But it is wrong, all so wrong.  There should be dark storms in the sky, howling winds, a fierce Earth angrily proclaiming that one of the finest men to walk its soil will soon be laid to rest beneath it.
Sherlock snapped the journal shut.
“Twould be best.  Sir John.”
The cab began to spin, so fiercely that it stole the rest of his words. Sherlock threw out his hands, bracing himself against the violent motion, but it was the centrifugal force that held him in his seat. He peered out the window at nothing but blackness. And from outside the cab, Sherlock heard a high-pitched screech that grew louder and louder and, a moment before it became unbearable, the cab hit something beneath them and stopped moving.
“Save it for someone who gives a shite.”
“Do you mind if I come in while I wait for Sherlock? It
John put his own palm to his mouth and just as he had with Sherlock’s hand, slicked it with a generous dollop of saliva.  Staring into Sherlock’s intent eyes, the wet palm went back down between them. Instinctively knowing where it was going, Sherlock lowered his own bottoms, gasping when John’s hand firmly clasped his member.
Sherlock hesitantly reached out and put his hand on John’s shoulder, the pain he saw on his friend’s face cutting through him. Giving John’s shoulder an awkward pat, he responded to the question of what he would do.  “Right now I’m going to check out the hospital.  And after that, I’ll figure it out.  The important thing at this moment is to make sure you stay out of prison.”
The barmaid took the coin and dropped it into her pocket. “There be a room upstairs at the end of the hall on the left.  If you fall out the window, you’ve gone too far.”   She failed to smile at her humour, no doubt having used the jest countless times before.
The sleeves and waist of the sweater were knitted from a washed out red yarn while the chest area was darker, royal blue in color. The attempt was to depict a living room at Christmas time with a fireplace made of bright orange yarn near John’s right side, and a large tree made of green yarn by his left and spanning up his chest towards the collar. The tree itself was “decorated” with tiny multicolored pompoms at each branch end and at the center were four faceless representations of children trimming it while a fifth child held the crooked ladder they joyfully scaled.
“It isn’t?” Asked the short-haired woman sitting beside to John.
“All expenses paid.” Sarah added brightly.
Steeling himself, John went topside, inhaling sharply through his nose as the brisk air hit his face. He opened his eyes, giving them a minute to adjust to the soft light filtering through the window to his right and spilling across the bedding. He stared blearily up at the framed piece of aged paper mounted to the wall above his head; the long vertical lines of hand-painted Japanese symbols became sharper with each blink.
Sherlock’s renditions were of course far more clinical but in true Holmesian fashion, no less dramatic for it. Although John had to reel him back from several tangents about a certain chemical makeup or blood splatter or residual texture. He did also make it a point to mention the times John was particularly helpful in kindling his thought process and took perhaps a bit too much enjoyment in recounting the times the doctor had tapped into his combat training when apprehending a criminal, especially when that criminal had his sights set on Sherlock.
“A coping mechanism.” Mycroft offered.
“Hello?” The sudden voice on the other end sent the same lurch through Sherlock’s gut. He stopped his instinct to respond, his mouth opening then quickly shutting. It wouldn’t matter if he did anyway, with the mute engaged John was hearing nothing but silence from his end.
I should let John in on my plans’?”
“What’s worse John…” The detective rumbled suddenly, bright eyes flicking up to meet his with a scrutiny piercing enough that John felt it raise the hairs on the back of his neck. “…that I didn’t know. Or that I
John’s brows sprang as he took another sip. “
Regardless, Sherlock was still
, a box of even cheaper tea—far better stuff to be found in the hotel’s kitchen, and a stack of styrofoam cups.
Not more than a half hour after reaching the main of the city, his suspicions were confirmed while the detective sat in a crowded tea house in Eminönü. An assortment of heavy woven rugs hung in a mishmash of colors and sizes along white-washed walls. The hazy air infused with the scent of spices and the smoke of several hookahs.
“Call me.”
Your handy-dandy Morse Code Translator:
uniformly diced lot into a large pan, stirring them round as they popped and hissed to coat them fully.
“Gambling.” The elder Holmes conceded as much as he’d allow himself to sound like it. Begrudging in a way that took Sherlock straight back to their youth. When Mummy would make Mycroft accompany a then six year old Sherlock when the boy wanted to explore the woods outside their home or go to the pond to catch frogs and newts.
“Gosh…must be the jumper.” John said innocently, widening his eyes and taking a quick glance down at the hideous thing gilding his torso. “I think the terrible stitching has gone to my brain. You’ll just have to keep me in check. No telling what I’ll get up to in this state.”
“Yes.” Sherlock’s reply was barely above a whisper, tilting his head towards John’s hand.
was coming up. The line remained silent as the DI dipped his head, breathing loudly from his nose. “Sorry.”
He did get some delicious shortbread cookies out of it and a very nice hand-knitted jumper. So there’s that.
that sentence was.” The doctor stammered before shaking it off to ask. “So at no point while
!” She finally managed to squeal, startling her dog enough to yip. “I demand to speak to your—” The rest of her request was cut off as the door firmly shut behind him.
Still, it would be the first time he’d go with Mary in tow.
Also! The tea I mentioned Mycroft getting actually
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson gasped, clutching the front of her coat and halting in her tracks. John bunched up his features as if pained before flashing an incensed glower behind her back at the lounging DI.
The young man behind the desk looked up, watching the doctor head for the staircase and disappearing up it, while his fellow employee made a note in the ledger before closing the heavy book. “I’m going on my fifteen Lou.” She proclaimed; all friendliness dropping as she dug a cigarette out of her pocket.
Mahir carefully received them and peered towards the starting gate, luckily the jockey had paused in his walk while he was looking at his mobile. Adjusting the focus, Tiryaki studied the man’s hand, catching a small glint of gold sitting halfway between the rider’s second and third knuckle. “He is wearing a ring on his little finger.” He reported back.
John’s head shook slowly in disbelief, laughter clouding slightly from his nostrils. “I’ve missed this you know; you being an utter dick.” A leisurely smile spread across his pinked cheeks. Sherlock made a deep, rumbling chuckle and god if that didn’t sound infuriatingly good to hear again.
“I am too John. So very eager. Why I’ve been thinking about what we’re going to do
“Just yesterday I had a patient come in who was stabbed by an avocado.” John mused dryly; licking over his lips as Mary snorted with laughter then gave a guilty groan for doing so. She looked over at him, holding John’s gaze as a small but fond smile inched across her face and the doctor found himself returning it.
Friday morning at 8am sharp, he arrived at the King’s Cross Station and sure enough there was a round trip ticket waiting for John under his name.
“I think I got a pretty carried away myself...” John murmured sheepishly, reaching up with his free hand to fix them. To be honest, it was a stall tactic. He wasn’t quite sure what he could say that would recapture the enthusiasm, the mood Sherlock had been weaving. He knew what the end game was, no question about that. John was to be on the receiving end tonight, which he was more than amiable for. But there was something about Sherlock’s approach that felt significant.
The second
He watched the curtains gently dancing against the windowpane, finding them rather hypnotic. Combined with the active day walking around Durham, John’s focus on the curling fabric began to fuzz then fade altogether.
“I don’t know about your year…but mine was pretty rubbish. Well…” He caught himself, smiled jadedly. “…the middle and end of it was.”
Sherlock hummed low with intrigue. “Got the proper wine?”
Sherlock’s mouth tightened, his nostrils flaring as he tried to tamp down his budding anger.
None of this made sense. And the more John analyzed the pieces, the more the puzzle seemed to grow. Stretching out in frustrating angles.
As the indignation curdled in John’s stomach he walked several feet more before halting and turning sharply, catching his own stony reflection in the car’s back window. Before the doctor could act, the window began to ease down, revealing no one on the other side.
’ became nearly twenty, during which Sherlock eased himself from John and a heated debate ensued over whether or not they should get an order of khanom jeeb. John finally settled the standoff by suggesting they just get
“Oh I remember. I had a hell of a time trying to convince the police not to arrest you too until Lestrade showed up. And even then he wouldn’t let you in his car.”
