? Demons acting crazy? We haven't had a real job in ages—sends us off looking for some
Cas stared at Dean, eyes wide and frightened, unmoving, fingers clenched over his arm.
“She was rather forward about it,” he said, by way of apology. “I kept telling her we had a place to stay, but she insisted.”
In the brief awkward pause that followed he examined all of them, trying to decipher the cause for the tension that was clogging up the air between them. The angel Castiel looked like he'd been kicked, all turned-in shoulders and bowed neck; Dean had what looked suspiciously like a very painful hickey on his neck, below his jaw; Sam looked the least beaten of the three, but even he had an anxious look about him, clearly uncomfortable between his brother and companion. He was the buffer. The dam.
Dean sat in stunned silence while he watched Cas push the café door open with a bang and step out on the sidewalk.
Dean could have all of it, he could take anything he wanted. Dean, who was starving for him, and Cas' head swam with
Their boots crunched on the gravel as they spilled out of the Impala, slamming the doors behind them.
Sam was in the back seat, for once—later he would not remember why—but at the time it was for a very small reason. Cas had injured his knee on the hunt and needed the space to prop his leg out; that was all. The abstract evening stuck in his mind, the sun going down off in the distance, behind the bluffs; everything grey, dull, low clouds catching up the glow of the end of the day.
“…I—” he began, realized he was staring at himself in the mirror, wide-eyed, like he’d never seen his own face before.
Celeste smiled, gentle. Neutral. In a way that made no promises and answered neither yea nor nay.
Dean and Cas looked up at her, and she met their eyes in turn.
Cas shuffled through some of the papers in front of him, looking sallow and hollow-eyed in the fluorescent light.
“Just happened to meet up in town,” Dean said, smoothly lying as usual, and Cas' attention drifted back to them. “We've been, uh—”
“Just that we were needed,” Sam said.
They stared at her. It was perturbing, being known by so many strangers.
"You don't look a day over
them.” His hand jabbed at the air for emphasis and Cas’ shoulders sagged a little.
“What are we doing, Dean?”
Yann held out his arm, his whole body caught in a tremble. Sam held his shoulder in a warm clasp, squeezing.
“Mmm.” Sugar leaned into her husband's touch; the three hunters backed slowly out of the drive and took the wide turn onto the rough country highway, creeping out of sight. “September, I think. Don't you?”
Cas looked down at Dean and saw that a kind of comfort had settled over his features. Something had eased. Something had lifted. A pleasure swelled in his chest and his heart fluttered again, picked up, sensing the change in Dean’s face, in the very atmosphere of his body.
Soon enough they were back in town on the quiet streets, and Sam was fumbling with his room key while Dean held the journal in his hands, staring at it like it was going to bite him. They crowded into the dusty single and Cas moved to pull the shades open, coughing in the flurry of mites that sprang up when he did.
“What about you?”
Sam and Cas stooped to do the same, heads bent to their task. Three pairs of scuffed shoes lined the outside wall of the porch, next to the brown leather sandals in a neat row.
“You’ll flood everything,” Rosa wept. “Don’t let your heart be so heavy! You’ll turn into a catfish all over again!”
“Well?” the angel prompted, and his mouth fought a small smile, teasing Dean a little for his trouble.
"Lily, what you said—about nothing being bigger and crazier than love, do you really mean that? Do you really think that it can—change things?"
Sam paused, biting his lip, and then he let his hand rest between Cas' shoulder-blades, a gentle support, his big hand on the angel's slim, bony back.
Cas and Dean followed his hand and Sam turned, looking at the high back wall, the top curved with the top of the gym. Every square inch was covered in photographs and a man with a camera was set up next to a dark blue sheet, sitting on a stool with a Polaroid camera balanced on his knees, tapping his foot to the music faintly playing over the speakers.
“Now I won’t be seein’ you,” she said, trying hard not to let herself get carried away. Her mascara was running and her lipstick was hazy. “I won’t – I won’t be seein’ you for a long time, but promise me you’ll look out at all those faces and put me with them, alright? You look out and put my soul with all those shining lights. I’ll be there. I’ll be watching you.”
Then the cold night water was enveloping him, black as anything, sucking him sideways, and he could hardly make out Cas' rapidly shrinking form against the trees on the opposite shore, could only barely see that the water was up to his shoulders now. What the hell did he think he was doing? Wasn't he smart enough to out-think a
Like a little girl would walk, scuffing her heels along tile.
…it's nothing, it's really nothing.”
Dean’s arms heavy, heavy, on his back. The curtain rustled in front of the window, pale fabric catching the light. The shadows of leaves shimmered across the wall and dappled the floor. A bird sang in the afternoon calm while they caught their breath and Dean kissed the crown of Cas’ head, the edges of his hair where sweat and heat had made it curl flat against his temples. His fingers combed through them at the base of his neck.
“Anything is fine,” Dean said quickly, flashing a strained smile. “We’re pretty low maintenance.”
They clapped one another on the shoulder, and pulled a little apart, and smiled at each other.
The three of them leaned against the cool metal counter as the lanterns dimmed and the Byrnes moved back into slow songs, southern waltzes and easy steps. Under the lights the dancers moved like fireflies on drowsy summer evenings, smooth and sweet, paper dolls in a puppet show. Like precious clockwork. At the back of the hall the high wall of photographs shone under a patina of Polaroid paper, from the smallest and the oldest to the most recent, glossy and new. Somewhere in that maze of faces Dean and Cas were caught smiling forever, watching the couples sway and swoon on the floor.
“What do you mean?”
It was about damn time.
The house was crammed; velvet upholstered chairs were pressed up against the walls, divided by heavy teak furniture. Vases, valuables, oddities, dried flowers and strange shadow boxes lined the walls and the countless bookshelves stuffed full of literature and relics. The house smelled like spices and the vinegar of yellow-paged books and the light coming in through the lace curtains was pale blue and dusty.
“Don’t be,” Dean whispered, trying to convince himself as much as he was convincing Cas. “Don’t be sorry. It was just – it was just too much.”
“You think Sammy’s okay?” Dean said, his arm slung around Cas’ shoulders, Cas’ around his back, hand tucked possessively into his back pocket.
Megan nodded, smiling tearfully.
Dean caught his stare and held it as he came up on the unfinished house. He barreled to them and dropped the tank at his feet.
Sam left to go and find Lily a while later, and promised to call on his way back, but only after making Dean swear that he'd do the interviewing wherever they went next. Dean agreed, reluctantly, and waved him off, and he and Cas watched him vanish into the throngs of festival-goers.
Dean closed his eyes against the hum of the bathroom light and the scent of Cas' skin, the weight of him in his arms.
A minute dragged by, time stretching as a bird stretches its wings, as if it were considering the height and the risk of a fall should something go wrong, should its confidence or control waver and fail. The stucco ceiling spread above their heads. Something in the architecture popped, a wood beam adjusting to the humidity.
forking through his spine, the clumsy stroke of Dean's hand, the heated flush of their cocks together, he bucked and panted and when Dean kissed him again and moved his wrist in that twist that
By Dean’s reckoning, the bigger the city, the smaller the chance of getting caught up in it all. He wasn’t particularly reassured by Cas’ constant soothing or Sam’s ‘go for it’ attitude. He felt itchy and restless and strange and protective. He wanted to keep them close and keep the crazy out. For the first time in a long time, Dean didn’t want anything to do with a case.
“Uh,” Sam said.
It was the only way he could think of, in the end, to capture the stillness of everything in that instant, and everything that had come after, and most of all the unexpected and inexplicable appearance of good in the world.
Ask her to come away with him.
“I’m done, you done?” he asked, looking purposefully at Sam. Sam nodded, relieved they were leaving and could find some place to crash for the night. He just hoped Dean had enough energy to find somewhere with a bed.
Dean shook his head.
“I wondered if that was why.”
"Why the catfish? Why is it always a catfish, Lily?"
He imagined Sandra Eadie flinging herself from the edge, landing hard in the mud. She'd probably imagined drowning to be painless, but something this shallow would have killed her on impact. Flooded her open mouth with mud and silt until she sank into the mire and was glued there, the current too weak to wash her away, bones peeled of flesh and muscle until they turned black with age and sank like so many sticks and stones.
“Are you Ms. Byrne?” Cas said, and she nodded, a tight ringlet of brown hair coming unpinned.
What was that supposed to mean?
He was glad, then, that they'd be sleeping across the room from him tonight. He hoped that, maybe, with a third party present, they wouldn't stew in their frustration with each other, and with the situation at hand. Everything had gone so dull and dreary after the summoning of the reaper and it seemed that none of them knew what to make of it, and it was pulling all of their moods down with it.
With a jerk he turned and went back to the bedroom. Cas was still sleeping, back to him, and Dean crept over the threadbare rug to the nightstand and flipped open his phone.
Megan Sohre was bleach-blonde.
“He's afraid it's all about him, isn't he?” she said softly, after a moment. She kept her eyes at her work, swallowing reflexively. “I reckon you boys have seen big things like this before.”
She pushed the screen open without any more warning and stepped out of her shady house, her jewelry clanking and her cane poking out, jabbing at Dean's shoe, forcing him back and nearly toppling him into Sam. She beat the end of it on the floorboards and held the door open with one dark wrinkled hand, still staring at them. Her eyes were searching and curious as they lit on all of them, and she nodded, face cracking into a smile.
Sam took a breath and said, “Where to now?”
“Are you Matsu Kami?” Dean asked gruffly, and the man settled his eyes on him, stepping nearer. The dog hung back and chirped and then came forward again, crowding its owner.
Sam and Cas elected to ignore his cynicism for the moment. The sigil on the floor seemed to waver and undulate briefly before it settled into the carpet, and to look at it now felt solid, concrete.
Dean could only imagine the face of the teenage girl at the front desk when she came in after they'd gone to clean up after them—opening the door to be confronted with the enormous Enochian sigil Castiel was busy painting on the flat and knobby carpet, symbols that sparked momentarily after he'd formed them and then settled back to the generic red of the spray can. A simple barrier to snag the reaper once it'd been summoned, and keep it from doing anything to harm them.
“Honey, no,” she said, laughing, eyes sweet and soft. “No. That’d spoil it.” Her hands moved over his arms. “It’s alright. You – you showed me a really good time.”
“Easy,” Dean muttered, and Cas gave him a sheepish smile, both of them finally stepping up on the porch. They stood for a moment, still holding onto one another. Cas moved his thumb against the material of Dean’s jacket, and Dean squeezed his elbow once before pulling back, trying not to look at Cas’ mouth or even acknowledge their proximity. He gestured vaguely at the open door, Sam’s shadow looming inside. “After you.”
By the time they made it back to the Motel 6 both Cas and Sam were asleep, full of good food and pleasant company, and Dean had to shake them both awake. There was no quibbling over where Cas would sleep that night; they were all too contentedly tired to care. He collapsed onto Dean's bed, blinking sleepily, and when Dean turned out the light and crawled in next to him, for once he didn't turn his back but lay on his side, pushing his head into the pillow and mumbling a “goodnight, Cas,” under his breath.
, a name: Hailey.
“No!” she said quickly, fiddling with the empty tray, staring at the floor. “No, it’s—it’s nothing, Tomas, he is crazy, that’s all!” She was talking fast again, her fingers clenched around the brown plastic. She shifted under Dean’s stare.
“This is so weird,” Dean said under his breath as they went, crossing the grass to hop up onto the dock steps, the warped dark wood thick and blistered with water.
“Sam. Let me finish up here, come back in about an hour, we'll go down to Marlene's on the square and chat. Sound good?”
Sam nodded, already lost in deciphering the scrawled handwriting, his finger trailing down the first of what must have been fifty or sixty pages filled to the margins with text.
“I was in the middle of a job, you know. Massive explosion in New Jersey. Really not a good time.” The reaper looked him up and down; he seemed unimpressed by what he saw. “Angel.”
"It's good?" he asked his mother, and she smiled, all teeth and no obscuring fingers.
“Spit it out, big man,” she said, smiling.
“Whatever happens I'm glad we found this,” Cas said, reaching up to brush away a stray eyelash on Dean's cheek. “I'm glad we figured this out. Between us.”
Muddy water.
Cas faltered, his hand outstretched in midair, and then he turned away, onto his own side, facing the other wall, the blank white space.
“Heard you talking to the old woman this morning,” Dean said.
Dean sank back into contemplative silence.
“Cras amet qui nunquam amavit; quique amavit, cras amet.”
“You think I’m going to let you see him with wrinkled clothes? I promised I’d make you finer, didn’t I?”
The only place open was down the road, and the front counter—with a glass display case holding a myriad of pies that were probably made of plastic—was manned by a lazy-looking woman who told Dean and Castiel that they'd have to wait a while for a take-away order, and to have a seat if they wanted to wait. She was smoking a heavy cigarette and breathing the harsh smell in their faces with every word.
“Oji-san,” she tutted, rounding on Matsu Kami. “This is no good.” She plucked the pipe from the old man’s fingers and went to dump the ashes off of the back dock. Her grandfather grumbled while the men came in, staring awkwardly around and hesitantly folding themselves up beside the table.
They doted and spoiled and groomed and dolled them until they were as delightful as four sisters could be, and everyone knew who they were, and everyone watched for them. There they were on Sunday mornings, filing into church one behind the other, their Sunday dresses and church hats on, their long chestnut hair glistening in the early morning sunshine and their voices soft as they chatted amongst themselves.
about? You don’t – know me!” Dean shouted, his tear streaked face glaring before it crumpled into pieces again, washed in tears and agony. He folded his hands over his face, palms pressed hard over his eyes. Cas’ hands had pulled back from him and hung against his arm, unsure of where to go, unsure of what comfort he could offer.
The dim sun glittered on the tortoiseshell comb in the old woman's hair, glimmering there one moment and gone the next, swallowed up by the fog.
“This is some place,” Sam said conversationally, splaying his hand on the dashboard when she slowed to turn onto the paved road. Lily shrugged.
Dean turned around, making an impatient face at his brother.
“Could it be bad?”
“I don’t see what’s wrong with it. If Sam wants to have a relationship with her, why not?”
“Get this,” he said loudly, not bothering to lift his head, shoveling another hefty amount of parfait into his mouth. Dean made some sound from inside the car, his long leg moving slightly where it was slung out of the open door, his head tilted back against the back seat, sunglasses on. Cas was a few feet away, watching sparrows graze in the weeds by the parking lot, chirping contentedly. He heard Sam speak and turned back, ambling to his side.
He had no energy to fight off the brute hunger anymore. He made a strangled sound, filled his mouth with Cas again, searching for that momentary click of satisfaction, the thick weight of Cas on his tongue when he swallowed around him. It wasn't enough, it was over too soon, and he gave a muffled cry, and Cas echoed it; they fell to panting, and Dean crawled up his body, couldn't see what he was doing through the red haze of want.
The newcomer sat in silence for a while, watching with him. One of his clawed hands was fastened tight around the knob of a cane.
“I lived in bitterness for many years, angered that they would pull me from my sacred ground. I saw the children die for many years and did not do anything about it. The river here does not listen the way my rivers used to – its spirit is too wild. It thrashes and writhes, it does not want to be netted. But I have been patient and it has finally settled. It has stopped fighting me. It has let the little ones walk beside it again.”
“Was he the one with the crossed palms?” Sam asked in a low voice, and Dean shook his head.
The breeze whistled a little as it came in under the windowpane, a little noise over the distant sound of the river, and Cas remembered himself.
"Do you need more?" he asked. Sam shook his head, a bit taken with it all, and laid his plate back on the mat in front of him, staring at the food.
Dean nodded and Sam turned the wheel, pointing them towards Elsbrook.
“You believe it, don't you?” he said, and she froze, holding the door open, and looked up at him. “You believe whatever Porter was preaching.”
“Okay, yeah, magic,” Sam agreed, eyes bugging out. “I don’t know, but they’re here, and there’s so much food, it’s like everyone brought some, which makes total sense, I guess, Riverlanders, you know—”
And that gesture alone was enough to make all the small hairs along the back of Dean’s neck stand on end.
And Dean usually would look away from such intensity, and he would run for the hills at such words. With any other person, he would. But not with Cas, never with him. And it would be bullshit to say he didn’t feel the same way.
Dean watched, bug-eyed, as Jo fell on her back right beside the truck with Alex clasped to her neck. Jo stretched her arm out to him, pupils dilated, spitting out blood as she tried to scream into the hungry Croats closing in on her, attacking her as soon as she hit the ground.
Sam pressed his mouth into the palm of his hand, looking out over the water, his eyes secreting something away.
“But who is
"Maybe...but why all of a sudden? Why out of nowhere? I mean, people are in lasting relationships all over the place for years, but suddenly she wakes up and starts killing people. What triggered her? And what the hell is she even getting out of it?"
“Clever farming, I guess,” Dean replied, still watching the enormous wheel spin. “Or something to do with that book Bobby was talking about.”
There was a rustle beneath the table, and Cas tipped sideways to peer under; the yellow python was draping herself over his feet, as if moodily pinning him in place.
A few months ago there had been a Conversation. It rested with a capital C in Dean's memory—not because it had been altogether profound or eloquent but because it had been so jarred and uncertain. He couldn't remember the exact circumstances but he could remember the exchange perfectly: Cas, quietly and uneasily telling Dean the great secret, and Dean, quietly and uneasily responding with his own. That there were feelings between them that neither of them entirely understood. Since then there had been touch, and glances, but nothing solid, nothing tangible. Not yet.
“Good farming,” Dean grunted. “And pollution. Doesn't that make things in the sky look brighter? Those aren't miracles, they're just coincidences.”
He stood beside Dean against the photography backdrop, Dean’s arm slung around his waist, his own crawling up Dean’s back, resting between his shoulders.
“Why now?” Dean snapped, suddenly, almost bitterly. “Why now of all times? If it was so great, why didn’t it happen ages ago? Why wait on a miracle like that?”
He realized he hadn't heard a single kingfisher since that morning.
He jerked at Dean’s voice, facing the brothers, hands falling to his sides.
She nodded and waved him over, forced his arms out, and measured the clothing against his chest. She thought for a moment, studying him.
They settled in as best they could before the final stretch. Sam clicked through preliminary research on his laptop, an almost unfamiliar habit after all these weeks chasing something as nebulous as miracles and stories. Obituary text seemed strange to his eyes, now.
“Is it dangerous?” Cas asked, a little breathless—or winded, perhaps. “All of this, the things leading us down the river. This—religion. Is it bad?”
“I love him. I don’t think they have a word for how that makes me feel.”
Castiel had not been so proud since he had first reached him in Hell. Those burnt years in the torturous bowels of the Pit, when he had first seen the whites of Dean's eyes among the slick and refuse, when he had shon his light down into the depths, the cracks and caverns, and watched the damned scatter and shrink from him. Castiel had reached out to collect him, to draw him up, never guessing this is where they would be. He and this man. This same broad, fine man he watched now, conversing in the afternoon sun.
“His name is Mr. Matsu Kami,” Sam said, referencing the slip of paper the woman at the motel front desk had given him when he’d asked about more towels, and subsequently the town's local flora. “He’s the gardener or whatever, so if anybody’s
Humming absently to himself, scrolling his finger down a page in search of pet shops that might sell birds, Cas unfolded his body a little, enough that he could reach across and squeeze Dean's knee in silent reassurance. Dean paused, and his fingertips ghosted lightly across the back of Cas' hand.
Rumbling silence. Somewhere back a ways Dean heard the kingfishers start up again.
Cas thought it odd he’d have to explain his dancing abilities. He was a creature built to worship and that included all forms of celebrating his Father’s love. The ritual of dance was an old one and one of the few facets of humanity Castiel had been intimately aware of before he'd dropped to Earth with the Winchesters. His Father’s court was born and bred for such activities, and he had engaged in it on more than one occasion – just never with Dean, a partner with whom he was romantically inclined, and never for the simple act of pleasure.
They looked positively ecstatic, he thought, smiling at each other, their eyes alight under the swinging lanterns. Dean, he knew, had never been much for dancing, but Cas was surprisingly enthusiastic, and by all appearances pretty damn
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but the girl came through the room before he could, holding a tray of cups. She placed them down on the table, kneeling at her grandfather’s side, lifting the kettle from its place in the center and delicately tipping tea into it with practiced hands. She slid the tea in front of them and then retreated back, closing the screen behind her. They stared into their cups, watching the steam waft up into their faces, its sticky-sweet smell perfuming the air, a leaf or two drifting at the top.
They’d made excellent time from Galilee and had arrived in Le Beau much earlier than they’d expected. The sun was just reaching its evening low, and beyond the highway the river drifted along, tangerine light glimmering over the surface.
She nodded, those eyes twinkling playfully. She pushed back her sweater a little bit, hand on her hip, her blue dress faded from many washes and smelling faintly of violet water.
“Nah, that was a girl.”
“Now.”
"You did this?" Dean said, disbelieving that someone who looked no bigger than his pinky finger could have accomplished so much.
She chuckled. “Right.”
Dean sat back on his heels and pulled back, tongue stuck out, a string of drool slick and luscious suspended between Castiel’s cock and his mouth. He grinned up at Castiel, seemingly pleased with how wrecked Castiel looked already. “Gonna come in my mouth, angel?”
And with only one chapter left after this one I would like to thank everyone who cared about this fic for the last 6 months. It truly means a lot to me that you give a damn, thanks for all the support! We’re almost there, and I’m gonna miss this terribly.
“You need to be in the shot as well.”
“Imagined this moment a lot.”
He kept walking, though, one step after the other, aiming for what he wasn’t sure, but as long as his legs didn’t cave under him, he would damn sure keep going.
“I would appreciate my weapons back,” Cas continued despite Dean’s protests. “Some food too, but that’s not necessary. Either way, I’m leaving in the morning.”
Dean smiled sadly. “Cas…” he whispered. “Now that you have all your powers, you can stop this and kill Lucifer. You can save everyone! I believe in you; we all do.”
“No way!” Dean shook his head quickly, voice loud enough to make Donna, who was currently struggling with fitting the sledgehammer in the passenger seat with her, turn her head at them.
They headed to the ticket line, Sam insisted on paying for everything even though Dean had demanded to pay for his and Cas’ tickets. The line wasn’t long and shortly after they were heading to the main building. Its wide and dark blue architecture loomed over them and was painted with all kinds of colorful fish, framed by vibrant red blocks and a life-sized blue whale figure at the top.
“Oh, yeah? Before or after screwing me?”
“Dean,” Cas cried out, claiming Dean’s mouth as he rolled his hips, pressing their cocks together again, and Dean was sure he was gonna be finished before they could even start.
“This is our infirmary.” Dean drew near, hand finding its way to the blade and resting there when the other’s gaze was drawn back to him. “You’ve been too weak to move you anywhere else.”
“I just… I want to cheer someone up.”
Dean rolled his eyes so hard he almost strained himself. “Don’t start.” He waved his hand in Cas’ direction. “This is Castiel. Cas, this is Jo, one of my co-workers.”
John lay on his stomach, his eyes open and unmoving, a pool of blood already expanding around his chest.
“I will.” Cas was already halfway out, one foot on the asphalt as the car’s door swung open. “I will watch over you,” he had said, before slipping the rest of the way out, blissfully ignorant to how much those words had simultaneously shattered and rebuilt Dean’s world.
“Already told ya, there’s nothing to apologize for.”
Something in Dean ached. It ached for Cas, but more than anything, it ached for the freedom of letting go and
His thoughts came to a halt with the snap of a twig. Dean’s eyes snapped open — besides the swaying of trees and rustling of leaves, everything seemed as motionless as before. The walls were high enough that no one, dead or alive, would be able to climb them easily; they were flanked on all corners by watchtowers, four in total. Each night someone was on duty at each tower, with two more people responsible for patrolling the ground on the inside walls. Even though Dean couldn’t see them from here, he knew they were out there keeping an eye on things.
“Right.” Cas cleared his throat, focusing again. “It says here that The Key to Hell will bring the apocalypse into completeness.”
“The hell it is.” Dean moved near, waving his arms as he spat out the words, “That’s it, we’re gonna call this whole thing off.”
“Mommy?” The question came out weak with an edge of panic.
It was slow at first. Cas tasted like home-brewed beer and salty tears, and Dean sighed into him, setting their beers on the ground to free their hands and deepen the kiss, lips growing eager, hands tugging at shirts and sneaking beneath the material; a soft gasp, giving way to shallow breaths. “Dean…”
“How about your promise? You said you’d never leave me, remember?” His greens were glossy with unshed tears. Dean sounded so wounded it knocked the breath out of him. Castiel looked away like the coward he was.
The man sighed in resignation, eyes shutting, and head falling heavily on the pillow while Dean tucked the blankets around him.
“Just bein’ you is enough for me,” Dean admitted, the vulnerability in Cas’ eyes making Dean forget any hesitation he might have about blurting out his feelings.
“There’s nothing—”
“Listen, about what I told you, about not getting involved with mer… I was being a total jackass to you and I want to apologize for that.”
Everything in Dean melted at that question. “Uh— yeah.” He nodded. “I think that would be friggin’ awesome, actually.”
“Yeah, ‘m fine. Just tired.”
“Both,” he sighed to the neck of his bottle before pulling it to his mouth, gulping long and hard. “Finished a job on this girl’s back. It was one of my bests. The tattoo covered all the right places, the Eden’s Garden — what I called the design — was damn good. It took me three sessions to finish. It had fucking snakes that slithered along the best damn curves I’ve ever seen on a babe, Dean.”
“Then why are you getting so defensive?” she shouted before the kitchen’s door closed behind him.
He opened the bathroom’s door before his mind could come up with an explanation for the commotion coming from the bedroom.
“I wasn’t out of it enough to forget you.”
Dean heaved a deep, low sigh. The memories of the burnt bodies, and the blazing flames, along with those crimson eyes watching him from the dark, were carved on the inside of his eyelids. If not for the necklace, he feared he would have given himself up to those eyes that called for him in each of his visions a long time ago. Sometimes it scared Dean to the core to think he was meant to face them someday.
Dean’s eyes widened, beer halfway to his lips. “What did you say?”
“Does that mean—”
After an hour — an eternity for Castiel — Missouri opened the door, a curt nod meeting the small group gathered there to give them the news. It was a clean wound just below the shoulder.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I’m serious, Dean. I don’t want to hurt you.” He lay back against Dean’s chest.
He continued to languidly jerk Cas off, just enough to keep him hard, his tongue working around the tip while fingering himself. Teeth lightly teased before he sealed his lips around Cas’ cock again, using deliberate slow movements then releasing it with a pop only to repeat the process; hand following the trail of his lips with light strokes from the base up to the sensitive head.
type.”
Heaving a sigh, he started to make his way to The Roadhouse. Baby was still parked by the bar from the night he had walked Cas to the Inn, so not even her low rumble could comfort him as he walked his sorry ass to work. Once he got there he gulped another painkiller, made his greetings, and started his shift.
“So?”
“Yes, we know where that is,” Jo interrupted, placing her hand on his shoulder and nodding down at him. “We got it from here. You need to go back; your mom is looking for you.”
“No problem,” he said, helping Cas sit up. If his hands lingered a little too long before letting go, he would blame it on the need to make sure Cas wouldn’t fall down.
Dean thought. Maybe he was one of the fight-for-merfolk-equality supporters. Touchy topic, duly noted.
Between fumbled kisses and hesitant touches, Dean fell asleep.
Once he was done, he got dressed, scratching his rumbling stomach but otherwise ignoring it. As much as he was hungry, he was heading the other direction. He left the main building, greeting the few sleepy faces he met on his way to the infirmary next to the scanning center.
Castiel smiled a little before adding, “And my name.”
Dean shook his head bitterly, choking on his words, “I’m as real as it gets. Though I guess that’s what a hallucination would say…” he said, voice barely a whisper as he offered an empty smile. “How’re you feeling?”
Cas squinted at him, tilting his head to the other side, and if that weren’t so damned cute, Dean would roll his eyes. “I just want to make sure you’re not—”
What was on the other side didn’t surprise him as much as it comforted him. He was inside a cabin — two double sofas sat at his left, the deep brown leather paired perfectly with the rest of the timber furniture; in front of them stood a dark-gray fireplace, the flames inside licking the logs and filling the place with warmth and shades of reds and yellows. At his right was a king-size bed, and on the far right the full-sized kitchen with everything Dean could wish for to make an enjoyable, homemade meal.
for good measure.
“Dean?” came the sleepy mumble, and Castiel turned to face him.
fantasy he had had about Cas, the first thing that had come out of his mouth had only further proved how much of a goner he was for the guy. Though he couldn’t blame it all on the fantasy. Asking Cas on a date also had everything to do with the feelings he had been harboring for the man. Feelings that had grown from a simmering crush to a deep longing that threatened to burst at the seams, impossible to contain inside himself any longer. But Dean couldn’t make himself regret his words, not when Cas had replied with an instant, tender smile that illuminated his whole face and made the tiny webs at the corner of his eyes cutely deepen as he looked up at Dean with a resounding
if you wanna keep being updated on this story and any future fics of mine. Also, come say hi to me on
“What the hell, man?” Dean growled, bursting into the tent.
Cas mouthed. There was something about the not-so-faint curve of lips, the way the crow feet kissed the corner of his eyes that was so vulnerable and gentle that Dean had to look away. He pressed his palms over his heated cheeks when no one was looking, blaming the blush on the whiskey.
“You’ll always be that scrawny little kid with too much hair to me, so don’t even bother complaining.”
Dean leaned down, mouth closing around the left nipple, sucking deliberately, teeth biting down sensually while his hand found the neglected bud, pinching and twisting as Cas moaned with reckless abandon above him, head tipping back as he swallowed hard around his next moan. Dean kept working Cas’ swelling flesh until the nubs were erect and full, relishing in the way Cas slowly lost control.
“Still, I wonder if… maybe it’s time for me to get my own bedroom.”
“You can sit next to Lisa if you want, Dean,” Cas said when Dean reached him, already pulling the blanket aside for Dean to join him anyway.
“Right…” she said, sounding half convinced.
“I’m better on my own,” the man said shortly. “And you should do the same before you get someone killed.”
“Dean…”
But before he had a chance to do it, Cas beat him to the punch; he sent Dean a knowing look, asking for Claire’s permission before sitting beside her.
They kissed at a slow pace that reminded Dean of the way Cas’ song had pulled at his heart strings — steady and easy — like it was meant to be. Lips covered lips, tongues drifting inside and seeking one another, mouths tracing each other’s skin, tasting every inch available.
“Sarah?” he called, making the brunette turn to him. He moved forward. “Don’t worry,” he rasped, taking another step in Sarah’s direction, “you won’t remember a thing.” He put two fingers to her forehead. In the next instant, Sarah’s eyes were closing, and she was falling. Castiel caught her midway, carefully settling her limp body on the ground as she snored quietly.
“W—why are you doing air quotes? Don’t. Don’t do that.”
Mary’s amused gaze fell on Dean again. “You were just like this when you were this age too.”
“Sorry you had to leave because of that asshole trying to kill you.”
“Everything makes me thirsty.” Cas wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and dumped the empty bottle on the bedside table. “I love water,” he announced.
Castiel had a space to call his own, and more than anything, he didn’t want to leave, so he cursed the next words he forced out of his mouth when both of them got inside. “I want a bedroom of my own,” he said, words scratching their way around the lump of hopelessness lodged at the back of this throat. He had his back to Dean, standing by the window to hide his face and the traitorous emotions in full view in every edge of his taut muscles.
Dean took his time showering as indolent as the lazy sun peeking over the horizon with silvery-white clouds gliding almost imperceptibly against it.
he hadn’t thought about that.
But... happy reading, I hope you like this one!!
“I don’t think so,” Charlie replied by his side. “We took all the safety precautions. We’ve done everything right. They shouldn’t—”
“Daddy?” Dean shuddered, not understanding why his dad wouldn’t reply. “Daddy, please,” he repeated, watching Mary kneel by John’s side. She leaned over him, cheek resting on his back as she sobbed quietly against John’s inert body.
“Not if I’m careful.”
“Not exactly,” Sam dug his hand in the front pocket of his jeans. “It needs to have contact with the blood to infect a new host successfully.”
Soon after, Dean was pulling up in front of the shop.
Garth waved a dismissive hand at him. “Consider it a gift to help you charm your way into his heart.”
Cas released a distressed noise in the back of his throat and leaned on Dean, arms wrapping around his waist and face burrowing on the crook of Dean’s neck.
.” It all sounded too old, too important, to rest on his lips, but he said it anyway, spilled it all like a sinner making his confession.
The interior of the house was dark, but not in a way that seemed unfriendly; the sunset light was painting everything in orange rectangles and yellow streaks, and the warm summer breeze that blew in through the open windows ruffled the curtains in soft arcs. It was immaculately clean. Photographs of Yann and a woman in a wheelchair decorated almost every surface, and here and there a lone man, who looked like he might have been the boy's father. Castiel trailed behind the brothers, lagging a bit, taking it all in. It wasn't often they had a chance to be inside the house of living people like this.
She pulled back from Dean and grabbed Cas, kissing his cheek. Without thinking, he wrapped his arms around her, feeling her bony shoulders under his arms. The universe hovered just beneath his chin.
"You cannot go back. You cannot undo once you have done. If I give you the book, if I let you read—if I let you read what has been waiting for you here—you are responsible for what comes of it. Good or bad or otherwise."
“Yeah,” Dean said, covering the hand over his heart with his own.
The stars and nebulas and galaxies held between her shoulders.
Dean was frozen. He hadn’t moved an inch since Cas had pinned him down under his stare. His skin prickled, every nerve ending crackling and the hair on his arms was standing on end. His stomach gave a lurch and a wave of nausea followed. He felt, for an instant, like something was rolling inside of him, and then, abruptly, it stopped, just as the door to the kitchen slammed open.
“You’re kidding,” Sam groaned, head lolling on the seat. He rubbed his eyes and covered his face in exasperation. “Dean, seriously, let’s just get back on 52 and get a room first and we’ll eat later.”
Chuck gently folded the stones back up into their handkerchief cradle and slipped it into his jacket pocket. They rested snug against his thigh. For a moment he was taken, briefly, with the fleeting image of a long black car climbing a steep rise, and a river rushing by below, and three familiar spirits nestled in the cool and savage metal.
“‘Course,” Dean agreed, taking yet another drink and wondering if they had aspirin or not. His mind wandered while Cas and Sam finished their food. He’d inhaled his own, as usual, and now it sat heavy in his stomach. He threw his used napkin onto his empty plate. The crushed paper resembled the kicked-off covers of a motel bed.
"Dean, where did you find this?" Castiel whispered, staring at the book with apprehension.
“—Trying to get your insurance worked out,” Sam chimed in. “Ma'am. Pro bono, you know.”
Cas nodded his head in understanding.
Sam opened his mouth as if to say something, and then rolled his eyes, sitting back in his chair, resigned.
“Yes ma'am.”
“Yeah. Last night, actually.”
"The river, mostly," Helena said. "Little things here and there that I like or that Jakob liked." Her voice was quiet as she spoke, caressing the linen. "The lace is from my wedding veil. I did it all myself...but that was before my hands got so sore," she said, laughing.
"It's odd to find them in a town this big,” he added. “It's a rural thing."
“I don't know.”
A sizable portion of Mathilda's money made its way to Memphis, Tennessee, to arrive in the mail slot of one surnameless Celeste, along with the small and heavy Riverlands Hymnal, with the simple instructions:
Maybe he just needed to call her. Maybe he just needed an excuse to hear her voice and make sure she hadn't given up, because he wanted her to be happy. She didn't deserve to be stuck in that town, watching out windows. She shouldn't have to wait on anyone, but he knew what it was like to be caught up in other people's expectations.
“She’s got food.”
“Mmm.”
Dean’s brow furrowed and he rubbed his forehead.
Slowly, Dean's eyes drifted up to his, and his hands fell out of Cas' grip to settle on the angel's bare thighs, still clutching the towel.
“Stressed? Yes!” Dean threw back, turning back to the window. “Yes! I am
Dean swallowed.
“What?” Dean said sharply.
“That’s some ink you’ve got there,” Dean said, honestly impressed by the way the colors shifted and swirled as she moved.
“Like this—
Sam glanced back at them. They hadn’t moved.
It could wait until tomorrow, he thought. In the morning he'd make a point of it, say something regardless of whether or not it earned him a glare. He was angry, at himself as much as Cas, but he missed him. He missed kissing him, touching him.
“Got nothin' of your own on?”
“What was that?” he said sharply.
“Oh, sweet boy.” Her hand fell away from his arm and she peered up at him with a soft smile on her old furrowed face. “Ain't no such thing.”
The little old man was not as little as they had originally anticipated; he was small, yes, slight in frame, but his shoulders were straight and his posture was not bent despite his obvious age. His hair was a mature silver, but this could only be told from what was seen at his temples; he was wearing a broad brimmed hat that covered the rest.
“Yeah.”
“It’s something, alright,” Bobby answered, in a slightly confounded voice. There was a pause and Dean bristled, ready to catch the cinder block the world was no doubt about to drop on them. “Way back when, late 1840s or so, the Mississippi got infected by this—fad religion.”
“Can’t say.” Nate shrugged. “But that book was something special. I don’t know what it was. Maybe it was collected stories from the river folk, maybe it was God’s word himself, I don’t know.”
“Here,” Dean said, propping himself up on his elbows, and Cas slowed, let Dean arrange them so that he was sitting up, Cas a tangle on his lap, cock trapped against the plane of Dean’s belly. Dean wound his arms around his back, and Cas rocked again, gasping against Dean’s mouth now so near to his.
They looked out at Missouri, and Missouri held no hurting colors.
Cas crunched his apple and pulled one leg up, resting his cheek against his knee and looking out the window as they drove into town. Dean reached over surreptitiously to pinch his thigh, rather close to his ass, and when Cas turned to flash the hunter a look Dean’s eyes were planted on the road, face completely impassive. Cas pursed his lips, catching on to his game.
The frail woman paused at the table and Yann got up to help her, but before she unfurled the huge cloth in her arms she looked shyly at the men watching her.
She disappeared into the house, and Dean shook his head, too shocked to scowl.
She straightened up, obviously flattered by his words, and nodded, smoothing the front of her dress down.
“Dean, get away from the window...people are gonna think you’re a…” There was stifled yawn as Sam adjusted. “Pervert.”
Dean realizes with a pang that neither had said they loved the other since that village in the hills.
It was deep night. There wasn’t a clock in the room, but they could tell. The world outside dozed, but sleep hadn’t come for them. They stayed awake, shattered together a time or two again, and now were content to lie there, absorbed in each other.
“Yeah.” Yann came around balancing tin cups of sour coffee in his hands and the crooks of his elbows, and when everyone was looking warily at it in their hands, he leaned against the kitchenette counter, hands fidgeting. “So—this is the place...will you help me?”
"No. Not yet. I never heard the ending, Sam. Just the pieces."
“My brother's in love,” he said, simply. “And he's happier than I've ever seen him. And I figure—I figure if being in love can make someone that happy...then it can't really be a bad thing, can it?”
He too, cracked open, broken apart no sooner than the first few words.
He turned to Olivia, away from the mirror.
She nodded, shifting in her chair.
“Then I would think...that makes you past due for the exception to the rule.”
“You don’t even know what I’m gonna say,” Bobby said gruffly. “Now, listen to me, because you’re not going to believe it, but there’s not a lick of hellfire or brimstone in this. Not one hair of it. It’s nothing but the ‘fruit of the vine’ and ‘good will to men;' harvests, plants blooming out of season, neighbors shaking hands, the whole works. Which to me sounds a lot like what you boys are lookin' at.”
“The first time, the last time, a thousand times. I am yours.”
On September eighteenth of what would come to be known as the Columbine Summer, a phenomenal blossoming of
“We haven't tried the harvest yet,” he said, tugging on Dean's sleeve, and they made their way back through the stalls and tents toward the white fence. Ducking behind a worker carrying the table out, they slipped into the dark orchard, choosing a row of trees at random to hide inside.
“Dean.” Cas was sitting up now and rubbing his face tiredly. “Come back to bed.”
Dean left, then, ducking out into the pouring rain, without a word; the door fell shut, sealing out the sound of the rain, and left Sam and Cas alone.
The lone convenience store clerk directed them to the only place in town that offered lodging—a tourist trap of sorts, the kind of motel where each room was a separate cabin, so as to offer the most privacy and charge exorbitantly to boot.
Cas blinked, swallowing. That feeling was back, the feeling from the morning in Greenacre when Lily Francis had told them those words,
“Sam’s right, Dean. I find the matter of these—miracles far more urgent,” Cas replied, voice even. “Especially with the added knowledge of how recent the last one was.”
Pale streaked clouds and a desert sunset. The time—just after seven. Mentally he laid out America in his mind. Wisconsin wasn't so far off. He wondered what Lily was doing now. Was the festival still on? Would she be grinning her way through dozens of pickers leaving the orchard with their boxes of fruit? Would she be dancing in the band tent with someone who wasn't him, as she had every right to?
“I love you, too,” he said.
"Course I'm right, Sam," she said, laughing. "I'm right about everything."
” Dean snarled. “
“Well,” the man began, hesitating.
Everything fell away, then. The world collapsed a little bit, it seemed—bent down to envelop him. Leaving him nothing but his breath, and the thing that was stirring in his chest, thrashing now, as if waking from sleep. Nothing but his breath, and the feeling, and the page. And he read.
“He looks half-starved,” he said, too loud for Dean's comfort, and Dean nudged his foot to hush him.
happy, and the mood was infectious. For the second time in the last few days Dean found himself relaxing into his stride, making himself take the time to appreciate the sun sinking in the sky above the big white farmhouse, the smell of the peaches, the laughter of the people around him. Cas' body leaning into his just the slightest bit.
“You,” said Death, pulling out a crisp white handkerchief, bunched up in his fist, “need to learn to keep better track of your love stories.”
Yann wiped his face with the backs of his hands, exhaling, his cheeks shiny and pink when he finally moved his fingers aside. He nodded again, and his throat bobbed. Dean watched his eyes pan across the table and land on the gun.
“Regardless,” Castiel said. “You may as well tell us what we want to know if you'd like to get out of that sigil, and get back to your work.”
Sam drove them through Dubois and onto some empty country road. Dean remained bent against the front seat, forehead pressed into its back, trying to puzzle out what had just happened. Of all the millions of restaurants, of all the people in the country—those two kids—they'd only stopped for lunch. They'd just stopped for lunch and Amos Porter's crazy had followed them straight there from Greenacre, it seemed.
For two nights following the eighteenth of September, the aurora borealis, in all parts of the globe, was recorded as being at its brightest in living memory.
The sun was beginning to sink by the time they were ready to leave, and Dean closed the trunk of the car over their bags and dusted off his hands against his jeans, and went inside to call Cas out from wherever he'd wandered. He left Sam and Olivia chatting on the porch, the python nestled across the threshold of the front like a doormat.
The teenager glanced at Sam and dug down into the dish, spooning a heaping portion onto Sam's plate. He searched Sam's eyes.
To his relief the chatter of the kingfishers fell away almost as soon as they pulled into the drive.
. With the same rush of triumph he'd felt pulling Sandra Eadie's bone from the riverbed, he felt his arms latch around the angel's skinny chest, and he yanked, knocking Cas off his feet and kicking back, scrabbling for hold on Cas' suddenly awake and flailing body. Cas sputtered and jerked, his head knocking back into Dean's nose, abrupt and hard, and Dean let out a noise of pain.
"Do you know—how it ends?"
Of all the ways he had imagined his brother and Castiel to be, the way Cas described it was not one of them.
“This shit is unreal,” he mumbled, watching the boy tip his head against Sam when his brother brought him closer, an arm around his back.
Cas offered to find food for the night after several exchanged glances with Sam confirmed his suspicion that none of them wanted to seek out another restaurant any time soon. Dean mumbled that he wasn't hungry, but Cas went anyway, slipping out of the motel room air in the rush of wings that neither brother had heard in months.
done. Again—it had happened again. He'd let it happen again.
“I’m sure he’ll appreciate it, sweet pea,” he said. The knife made a pleasant sound as it scraped against the bread. “Heck of a trouble though, being that hungry all the time,” he marveled.
“Sam?” she said, too quickly.
That one's weird—see, peaches don't grow well this far north but I guess they're having crazy success—”
“Right then,” she said with pride, sizing him up. Her old weathered hand patted his chest, smoothed over the fabric.
It nosed at the pillows and dragged its heavy paws along the sheets, leaving deep dents in the mattress and no soft spaces for their frantic limbs. It snarled at the treat before it, the slash of their red flesh, flushed full of blood; it had come in the witching hour, the haunted time before dawn, unexpected, uninvited, now, the black-furred darkness, blurring their forms, blinding them.
“I'm not sure,” he said, after a while.
He left Sam and Cas in the car to go inside and book one of the cabins; in the gathering dusk he could see they were so spread out across the property that even the loudest of noises from one wouldn't reach any others.
He parked the Impala on a jutting bit of turn-off, separated from the river by a few trees and a stumbling slope, and they all got out to stand on the gravel. The storm was hurtling in faster than Cas had thought, barreling closer, curling and green at the bottom, weird and purpled with the shadows of itself.
David sighed. “Widest part of the river. Could have washed downstream far as we know. It was years ago.”
He saw Cas pull in a shuddering breath, his mouth open, and paused in the shallows. Mere feet from the body he wanted so desperately to reach out and hold.
“September eighteenth,” the old Horseman drawled, with something like distaste, or perhaps amusement. “One of these days, that knack for cliché and symbolism you have will earn you some very bad reviews.”
“If it's not too much trouble.”
“Lily—”
. There's got to be an—ulterior motive, you know, some kind of catch? Something big and bad orchestrating all of this, I don't know, but I don't trust it.”
“Dammit,” Dean said, for the fifth time since the call from David that morning, standing above the riverbank where a black tarp and a milling of paramedics and police marked the spot where one very unfortunate Hailey Horner's body had washed up in the early hours. “God
He tested it, and it wasn't locked, so he slowly jiggled it open, the sides scraping around; it probably hadn't been opened in years.
“Dean.” Sam gave Dean a warning look.
And in her hands she held a book, held straight out in offering to them.
"You know," Sam began again, knowing there were at least two blocks till their destination, "if you have something you need to say, you can always say it to me. No judgment. Not that...I'm really in any place to judge anyone," he said, laughing lightly, giving the prickling shorter man a sideways glance.
“Work relationships, huh,” said Lily. There was a smirk playing at her lips that refused to fully show itself, as if she knew exactly the kind of game they were up to.
The kobold in St Cloud had been their first real hunt in months. Everything else had been petty, open-and-shut in two or three days, and now Dean got the feeling that the entire unearthly world, everything he'd grown accustomed to tracking down and killing, was shrinking back, pulling in on itself as if preparing to weather a storm. He couldn't shake the thought of the demonologist in Nebraska. Hell—if demons came falling at his feet pleading to be exorcised, he'd be more than a little freaked out. Things just didn't happen that way.
Cas – in all his facets, humble and holy, big and small. Gestures, gentleness, aggressive and confident, the timidity of his smile, the curious color of his eyes—stuck somewhere between cornflower and wide sky, or maybe even forget-me-nots or delftware pottery—Dean could never decide for certain. The features of his words, so calculated and precise beside the trip of his own tongue, every sentence cased with crystals; the geometry of his name, like amethyst, consonants perfectly square, solid and real and entire.
Cas sighed, leaning back on the bench and tilting his head up to look at the mottled water-stained ceiling. “I just don't see how it
“Okay. I have a few other questions for you, is that alright?”
“You don’t seem to mind,” he said softly, and she laughed, her forehead resting on his chest for a beat.
Cas stared at his face, open and excited.
He tried to picture it as—
“Stop,” he whispered firmly, and Dean stared down at him through the hazy darkness. He opened his mouth to speak, but Castiel was quicker. He moved closer, levering and holding himself up over Dean, hand on either side of his head.
Le Beau asked the young man who had come over the ocean with the trees what the reason was. If the cherry trees in Kyoto were also so enchanted, their blossoms lingering long past the grey winter and into the verdant spring again, never ceasing, never changing. The young man, Matsu Kami, did not say much, but assured Mr. Le Beau that the rich river water was most likely to blame. It was strong, like blood, he said.
“Do I smell bacon?” Dean drawled, and there was a happy laugh that had to be Sugar’s in response. Sam realized that Cas had hung back, letting Dean go ahead. He waited patiently for Sam, watching the hunter thoughtfully.
Swedish. Castiel thought it was like music on her tongue.
“That's fantastic,” she said softly, smiling herself, trying to match him from miles away. “That's really great, Sam.”
Galilee's one and only public library was small, rundown, and had disappointing archives, and an even more disappointing Local History section. The small pile of books between Sam and Dean on the cramped corner desk was all there was to show for it, and half of them had been discarded already.
“Oh, God, I'm—I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said, I just—”
He whimpered, looking scared, looking shocked. The old man nodded.
Mr. Le Beau had not been a terribly opulent man. He had lived in a simple house near the textile mill he ran, and did not buy his children expensive things. When he was asked by a friend to establish the mill in some prospect of Kyoto, he had hesitated, uninterested in leaving his family alone for two years. His colleague had promised him a handsome sum of money and a lasting relationship with the budding overseas empire.
“Death,” Corinthian said, a bit too hastily, a bit too fast. “It was Death. I gave the book to Death.”
Cas whispered, “Goodnight, Dean,” and felt for his hand under the blankets. He squeezed it once, glad that he could do that much, and closed his eyes.
She gestured to Dean and Castiel's retreating backs, and he looked at her, confused.
Sugar Byrne cracked an egg into the bacon grease. The whites immediately began to sizzle. She tossed the shell away and watched the shimmering yolk with impatient eyes, foot shifting along with the radio. Static fuzzed in and out and Nate put his hands on her soft waist, bending to kiss her cheek.
"It's selfish!" Cas spat, walking again, Sam following a step behind.
It bobbed its neck and sang again, a low, lilting song, obviously a human melody. The canaries across the room and the finches joined in, and suddenly, the whole room was brimming with noise – some kind of strange music. Cas stepped back from the parrot, glancing around nervously.
“That's—big.” Sam moved to sit next to him, slowly, covered his mouth with his steepled hands, as if in prayer. “That is—unfathomably big.”
“You boys make sure you get your photo taken for the wall!” Nate reminded them, his strong tanned arm around Sugar’s shoulders.
There was also the slightly terrifying moment of waking up to see that he had thrown his arm over Cas’ back, and his face was buried in his shoulder. He didn’t know if Cas had woken up as he extracted himself, but that wasn’t what disturbed him so much. Maybe it would have been a bit better if Cas
She, by some twist of fate or luck, had a wide streak of wild in her. Their great-great-great-great grandmother, if you believed the stories, had been Menominee, and married a lone farmer way back when. Somehow, instead of diffusing into the preceding individuals, her native blood had flooded into Lily all at once, skipping over whole generations in the process.
She grinned at them, their looks of confusion. "I know what I know, that's all. I'm old and I have old friends." She shrugged.
“Come here,” Cas said, and then again, softer, his legs rubbing at the sheets. He chuckled. “Come here. I’m cold.”
seriously. To the point where a few folks still...it's still around. That's what I'm saying.” Lily banked onto a sharp left turn; the white farmhouse rose up out of the dark in the moonlight. “It's downright solemn. You leave Riverlands people to their own stories and you keep your own God around here.”
"So you
"Dean." Sam shook his head, scanning page after page. "Dean, this is—this is a
She shushed him into a stop.
“Hang on,” Dean said gruffly into the phone. “We're crossing the parking lot, be right back. You can tell us the bad news in person.”
Another nervous shuffle. Sam nodded, smiled faintly. Mattie ducked her head in agreement and gave them a little flutter of her hand, and hobbled off down the hallway into the dark.
"What kind of wood is it?"
Cas mouthed at the empty air, head tossing on the mattress, Dean's fingers digging deep furrows down his thighs, clamoring up his sides. He arched, wanting to give more, more, more of him, all of him.
Dean stole a look at his younger brother, at his melancholy expression.
Sam saw that she was still flushed, her dark eyes flooded with some kind of panic and excitement he didn’t know the origin of. Not a trace of anger to be found, but something else entirely.
The old man looked at his three guests with slight interest, still rubbing his fingers together, his other arm resting on the table casually. He let his beetle black eyes shift to Cas, eyebrows rising. He said nothing.
“One hundred and eighty-four years.”
“None taken,” the werewolf replied with a cough.
“What do an angel and two hunters want with that thing?”
“Yeah.”
"I hunt. My brother and Cas and I. We're hunters. We hunt bad things."
“Sleep close. Tomorrow you won’t be seeing each other till the ceremony,” Olivia reminded them as they ate supper. “Bad luck to see each other before the wedding,” she explained.
Nate’s eyes were gentle on Dean. Patient.
“Explanation suits me just fine!” he chuckled.
He scrubbed at his face and kicked his legs uselessly again. The two snoring beside him had come quietly out of the bathroom and had sat up watching TV on a low volume until they were drowsy enough to get under the covers. They’d been fluffy-haired and handsy with each other, touching discreetly during commercials, and Sam had done his brotherly duty and pretended to be stupid and asleep. He knew they were making up for lost time, or something to that effect.
Dean settled his chin for a moment in the crook of Castiel's shoulder.
and before he could make any more of an ass of himself, Sam turned tail and half-jogged, half-walked to catch up with his brother and Cas, to give them a piece of his mind about public displays of affection on the job. For Christ's sake.
Dean felt only slightly self-conscious about glancing at him through the warped, muffled half-wall, the flesh-colored blur of his body while he slipped into boxers and a T-shirt. Dean was continually struck with how thin he was, no matter how much he ate. His ribs always showed.
“I fucking hate drowned ghosts, man,” Dean grumbled. “Always a pain in the ass to torch.”
She trailed off, leaving Cas in the lingering fog of what she was saying.
“What's the plan for tomorrow?” Sam said thinly, pushing the subject of Lily Francis away, closing his press notebook with an indignant snap.
“I’m sorry, what?” Dean said in a low growl under his breath, and Cas put a hand on his middle, keeping him from starting at her.
“Where are you headed next?” Nate asked the brothers, standing on the near edge of departure in the sitting room. “Way I see it, if you're here for things like birds and floods, you must be chasing it down the river.”
In near-unison they stopped working to rub their eyes and stretch. The dull fluorescent lights over the desks were buzzing and flickering, but at least Dean couldn't hear the damn kingfishers in here.
about him.” Sugar set the plate into the other side of the sink, clanking gently against the floating dishes there in the washing-water. “It's about all of you.”
The teenager raised his head, but his eyes remained glued to his arm.
"You okay?" Dean asked, forearms resting on his knees. His hair drooped over his forehead and he was flushed from laboring.
Olivia Delacroix's house seemed, irrationally, almost a little bigger on the inside than on the outside—there was room aplenty for her three guests in the rooms she and her siblings had inhabited as children. There was one room, at the top of the house, with a wide window view of the Mississippi proper, that she kept locked and barred; when asked why, she said, “Isn't time for that room yet.”
anybody.”
She picked up a broom where it leaned against the wall. Dean didn't know what to say.
"I know, but I am, so, just—just hear me out, okay?"
They had left a vast majority of the smaller details up to Olivia. She seemed to have more of a clue about the formalities than they ever did, and all the materials they’d need right in her house. She seemed to be always opening a trunk or a drawer or unlocking a bureau, and today was no different.
“Damn, and here I thought I’d get you to buy me dinner!”
Dean knew what he was really saying; Sam’s eyes slid to Castiel for a moment before resting on Dean’s face again.
“You relaxed,” Cas whispered on the spare end of a gasp, smiling, reaching up to stroke Dean's hair from his eyes, trace the lantern-light on his cheekbones. “You weren't so tense tonight.”
Mrs Olsson and her son walked to the front door with them, and she shook their hands again as they passed her, and beckoned each of them down for a kiss on the cheek for good measure. Yann thanked them profusely for nothing in particular as he closed the door, and shut out the light against their content and smiling faces.
pulling him open, a haze of silver sparks in his head and nothing except the rat-a-tat-tat of his heart in his chest, the tattoo of
“Keys,” he demanded, and Dean handed them to him with shaking fingers, and the engine roared as Sam pulled out of the parking lot and back onto 52, paying no attention to the speed limit.
At the word 'deaths' on her own lips she crumpled a little, and sat back down in her wicker chair, letting her hands rest in the crevasse of her black skirt between her thighs.
Her face crumpled momentarily into tears, and Dean, concerned, reached out and touched her arms, and she flung herself forward, buried her face in his shoulder, holding him tightly.
“How'd this happen?” Dean whispered. “You and me.”
There was a break in the work, and Cas studied Dean as he drank from a bottle of water someone had offered him, rolling his shoulders and his neck. He was engaged in meaningless conversation with the person, nodding along to some observation and looking up at the house. He pointed to one of the trusses and made a motion to mimic the joint of it to the house, and the other man agreed.
“Yeah? Your cooking skills are lacking.”
“Look, we were both in the wrong. How about another try? A clean slate.”
“Oh yeah.” She laughed. “That usually comes with it. The butterflies in your stomach, the sweaty palms, the racing heart? That’s all part of falling in love, my friend.” She patted his back. “But you’ll get used to it in no time, don’t you worry.”
Castiel hauled them both through the relentless tide. Thunder roared its discontent above them as he kept striding forward.
He fetched a clean towel and a washcloth, drenching it in warm water before padding to the bedroom again. Cas was finishing a water bottle. Some of it trickled through his lips and traced a glistening trail down his chin as he gulped as if it was the last drop of water in the desert.
“Yeah… he’s asleep. I sneaked into the bathroom to let you know, because apparently we’re back to eighth grade.”
The paper cut didn’t register at first. Not until Dean looked down at his finger, blood drawing along the edge of the shallow cut as if in slow motion before the sharp, dulling ache radiated from the tip, and it finally hit him. The searing, white-hot flare hit the nerves with such intensity it overrode his brain until that was the only thing he could think about.
“Cas!” Dean tried to get up, but the blinding pain radiating below his shoulder brought him back down. “Is Cas okay?”
Castiel lay there for a few serene moments before his body didn’t ache to the point of breaking his grace in half.
Their bedroom had grown to become Castiel’s blanket of protection in the fort. First bound to it by necessity, with the demoniac traces of the undead virus still running through his veins. Then… then Castiel wasn’t sure how to explain it. It was an anchor of sorts, the source of some of the things Castiel treasured the most. It provided a space whenever he needed to be alone, a place to deal with the turmoil of emotions he was experiencing for the first time after a lifetime of not being allowed any desires of his own, focused only on the next command.
"Right here," Dean said, walking around the bed of the vehicle.
Dean stopped in his tracks, ignoring Claire’s yelp when she bumped against his back. “A knife? What kind of sale is your teacher running?”
“You need to leave. Go ahead and take Claire. More undead will be coming soon.”
was it?” he finished.
“I—I mean, your m—mates!” he stuttered. “Your mates wouldn’t be impressed right now.”
Jody raced to the other side, with Charlie following close behind after wishing Dean good luck.
Dean ignored her too, tucking the man into his arms and taking him out of the truck. For this to work, he needed to be fucking quick.
Before Castiel’s mind could catch up, his body was moving and he was racing forward. The distance separating the two of them seemed to expand into miles as the seconds ticked by and he pushed through waves and tide, hating the water in that instant for keeping him away from the man.
“A damn Croat managed to put their filthy hands on it. He snapped it from my neck.”
Dean needed to stop giving himself whiplash with how all over the place his thoughts were lately. Cas was a merman and Dean didn’t get involved with merfolk. They had slept together once; nothing deeper needed to come from that. It had been great, but it was over. Dean had done it before — one-night stands with no strings attached. He could do the same with Cas.
Dean snapped his eyes open, a broken gasp leaving trembling lips as he looked around. The line of trees was destroyed, but there was no sign of smoke invading his lungs anymore as he breathed in. He was back at the edge of the forest, with a new weight on top of him. But instead of hating it, this new closeness comforted him.
“One of these days, perhaps.” He looked up to find Garth sending him a knowing look. “What?”
Mary looked down at John’s body, nodding slowly, mostly to herself, before yanking Dean’s necklace from his neck in one swift motion. Her tears burned hot against his forehead, “You can let go now,” she whispered to his skin.
Sure, maybe Dean was being a drama queen. Because yeah, the extra money would definitely come in handy; besides, the prospect of being all alone in this house was like a sucker punch. Dean just wasn’t cut out to live on his own and he knew it. As much as he was bitching about it, he knew he would have to find someone sooner or later. Deep down inside, he was freaking happy and proud of his baby brother, so, downing the last of his beer, he pulled away from the counter.
So Dean kissed him again, his knuckles tracing a path across Cas’ cheek before he pulled back to check if the curl of lips was back to Cas’ mouth. Cas watched him through gentle eyes with soft webs expanding from the corners as a smile played warmly at his lips. That made something soar inside Dean. He had made his decision back when he had plunged forward to kiss Cas the first time. Dean was used to leaving, but maybe with Cas he could learn how to stay.
Dean inhaled sharply, biting back a startled cry when his back crashed into the stair rails. He threw another punch, plunging his knife deep into a Croat’s neck, his hands moving to another one’s hair and pulling at the scalp in a desperate attempt to escape the impending death behind him as the group of Croats gathered around him. Dean repeatedly sliced, almost blindly, amidst the snarls rising around him, barely avoiding one of the snarling mouths already open and ready for the lethal strike.
Charlie hurried to withdraw from behind the sofa a huge fucking poster full of pictures and charts and newspapers — the whole shebang — while Dean fought the urge to close his eyes and hide his face in embarrassment.
Mary followed, armed with the top half of his pajamas. “C’mere, little frog.” Dean jumped onto his bed, the mattress bouncing as he quickly reached the other side, and shifted his weight onto his knees, but before he had the chance to get off it, Mary caught one of his legs. “There you go!” she proclaimed, slipping his blue and white-striped pajamas over his head.
Everything happened at once — Cas lunged forward, like a goddamn kamikaze, ready to face the bullet. Cole raised his other hand to hold the gun steady, legs spreading apart, his face distorting in a malicious smile as he pulled the trigger.
The mer averted his eyes, lips forming a tight line as he tried to contain the heartache. Dean would give anything to erase that pain-filled look off his face, but Cas was a
“Nothin’. Go back to sleep,” Dean whispered, sighing when he felt Cas’ arm drape protectively around his waist, his body heat enough to send Dean back to sleep. There was something else wrapping him in warmth too, as Cas tilted his shoulders closer, a feeling so light Dean almost missed it, like something surrounding him, the pressure present enough to make Dean raise his fingers to touch it. For a moment, Dean swore it wasn’t just him imagining the warm, feathered cocoon embracing him.
And yet…
“I don’t… I don’t understand that reference.”
“H—hold up.” Dean raised his hand to the now-empty street, suddenly feeling twenty years older. It was impressive how they always managed to make him act like the old, overprotective dad. “Shit!”
“Yeah, I’m yours.”
Bobby sent him a lopsided smirk. “You said it, not me, princess.”
In the other corner stood Dean’s most precious — and maybe most expensive — possession: a Steinway & Sons black grand piano. It had belonged to their parents, and both Sam and Dean had learned to play with Mary’s encouragement. Their mother used to spend evenings singing when she was happy, each note accompanied by the piano’s chords. The instrument had been one of the few things the brothers had brought from Bobby’s when they got their own house.
Every other night, when Dean wasn’t working his shift at the bar, it was movie night. As Dean had promised himself, they started with
“Thank god.” Sam placed his hands on his knees and breathed slowly.
“I’m going too,” Charlie announced.
Castiel tilted his head, not understanding the meaning behind Dean’s words at first until realization sent a blissful shiver down his spine. That’s how their first kiss had happened. Just like in the movies, Dean had promised, proceeded by the most blissful moment of Castiel’s life. He gasped softly, smiling as he nodded, echoing, “Yes. Just like in the movies. Dean—”
“What?” He glared at his brother, the poison invading his veins too pungent for Dean to stop. “What!” he dared, slamming the door shut.
But the fort’s security had made him soft, and after so many years living a life that resembled peace, it had distracted him from the real danger still breathing outside those walls.
Poor Cas right? This was quite a shock to him. Luckily Dean was there to make it better ;)
Dean’s forehead puckered. “Won’t that be dangerous? It will expose you more, right?”
When he joined Cas in the bedroom, there was a pleasantly sweet smell hanging in the air, Cas’ hair was even more ruffled by his attempts at drying it with the towel; bits of curls twirled behind his ear and the nape of his neck, and he looked comfy and cozy in Dean’s clothes. Dean couldn’t help but smile and point with his head to the bed. “Get in, huggy bear; breakfast’s ready.”
“Cause I barely slept last ni—” Dean looked up at the few giggles coming from the group and crossed his arms. “No, you know what, I don’t have to explain myself.”
His watch’s timer brought Dean back to the present. Adrenaline flooded his veins, spurring him to swim as fast as his body allowed, even after the group was out of sight and showed no evidence of following him.
Something close to heartbreak crossed the merman’s eyes as Cas firmly shook his head. A resounding “No!” on his lips and a murmured “And he never will be,” added almost as an afterthought.
“Dean, you need to stop this! You’re going to kill us. You’re going to kill everyone.”
Now with Cas, a different urge to protect made Dean want to take care of him, to give him whatever he could to see that gummy grin with soft webs flickering at the corners of his eyes and wide dimples running along his cheeks again.
“Why didn’t you dry yourself first?”
“Dean—”
Dean had almost forgotten. Every Friday, it was movie night, and it had been a while since he had attended one. It was like going to the movie, but in your own house, the excitement was just the same, and for the younger ones who had never had that experience before the Croatoan epidemic, it was the best excitement they had each week. Everyone gathered after dinner in the improvised recreation room they had created some years back on the far side of the second floor, right past the dormitory, to watch a movie.
“Castiel is immune?!” he raged.
Cas flicked one of his pointy ears with embarrassment, a soft blush coloring his cheeks pink as he rewarded Dean with a tender smile, eyes shifting from Dean to land on his own feet.
“Thanks, I guess,” he paused. As much as he had loved the blue from before, now something didn’t sit right. “Where am I?”
When both bees and Castiel were settled back in the car, Castiel touched Sarah’s forehead again. Shortly after, she was wide awake. “What happened?!”
Castiel gave a gentle shake of his head. “I was waiting for you.” A soft crease puckered between his brows. “Are you going to stand there all night, or are you coming to bed?”
Castiel stood there, in front of a sleek, black motorcycle. His old Yamaha, Dean’s brain was able to provide even when everything else skidded to a halt.
Cas’ nails scraped along Dean’s neck before pulling at his hair, forcing Dean to tilt his head so that Cas could work down his neck.
Dean almost dropped his damned coffee. He held the cup with both hands to keep it from smashing on the ground, lacking the words to reply. Dumbstruck briefly before his eyes locked with Cas’, the blue in them so intense Dean felt himself drowning in it.
Dean watched the two pure ebony wings attached to Castiel’s shoulder blades before instinctually reaching out, stopping just short of touching. “Can I— Cas, can I touch your wings?”
Castiel drew back, some of the curl of his smile giving out. “I can’t follow you.” He looked down and Dean mirrored the gesture, watching beneath them the long, blue tail that kept Castiel afloat.
“Abilities? My curse, you mean,” Dean retorted.
“I…” Dean tried out, heart about to burst from his chest. “I need… Well, I want…” He shook his head. “Damn, I suck with words.”
So instead of continuing to stare like a creep, he forced the words out, “You can’t stay here.” Dean addressed the topic straight on; no use in beating around the bush. Besides, he feared that any attempt at small talk would be a short way for him to screw this up. “I have a free bedroom in my condo.” He shifted from one foot to the other, rubbing the back of his neck. “Come, uh, come live with me.”
“Y—you never—?” Dean tried out around a sharp, forceful round of coughing he was pretty sure would wake up everyone in the room. “You never kissed anyone?” he finished.
Cas pulled back, their noses mere inches away, and his eyelids fluttered open. Dean’s breath hitched in the back of this mouth, somewhere stuck around the sudden lump in his throat. Castiel was truly a vision — plump lips kiss-swollen and deep pink, grace turning his blue eyes impossibly bright, and colossal, midnight dark wings framing his sculpted body. Dean felt that he was indeed one lucky bastard for holding him like this, shuddering and panting for air, with Dean’s name on the tip of his tongue.
“My dispute with Gordon started a long time ago. You’re not at fault.” Castiel gave him his best welcoming smile and shook his hand. “But the name is Castiel. Nice to meet you.”
Dean could see it in the glances being thrown his way; the mention of Ruby had poisoned the room with doubts and fear of a replay of what had almost been the community’s downfall. Dean heaved a breath. “I just think he has earned his chance to prove he can join us. I owe him that much.”
“I promise! No matter what happens, I’ll always find my way back to you.” Cas feathered kisses all along Dean’s neck, leaving a trail of goosebumps before Cas’ lips found his.
“Thank you…” he said, then lower, “We want to give our child the best quality of life, the best opportunities, and staying here isolated from the rest of the population isn’t that. You know how much we struggle during the winter. These towns are prospering, though; plenty of food and electricity for heat.”
“We’ve been dismissed early.” Claire wrapped a curl of frizzy blonde hair around her finger, playing with it as she followed Dean to the backyard. “So? Wanna buy or not?”
“It’s the apocalypse, doesn’t mean I’m dead, y’know?”
And Dean wasn’t a sap, thank you very much, but he couldn’t stop the whispered words,
“Not bad, huh?” Charlie exclaimed victoriously.
Gabriel had lain back down then, arms perched under his head like a pillow. “I wanna be a trickster.”
“That’s it,” Dean groaned, teeth scraping, sharp but careful, pulling and sucking at Cas’ bottom lip until it was flushed red and kiss-swollen. “Fuck,” he said through a gasped moan, fingers sneaking under the hem of Cas’ shirt, hand flat against his back as he pulled Cas impossibly closer and held tight.
By the beginning of week two, Dean was discharged, but Missouri had made him promise he wouldn’t do anything too strenuous for the next couple of weeks. Dean had winked, a “Can’t promise anything,” on his lips before Cas pinched his arm, a bag of Dean’s belongings in his other hand as they left the infirmary and headed to their bedroom.
“That's... wise.” Castiel tried to ignore the claws of pain shredding his insides. It was for the best. It would make the goodbye easier when the morning came.
Dean nodded quickly, swallowing the warm feeling nestling behind his ribcage. “Y—you…” He cleared his throat, cursing his traitorous voice before giving another try. “You had been attacked when I found you. Remember?” he said, hoping the other’s mind was clear enough for him not to reveal exactly what
“It’s no bother, Cas,” Dean mumbled.
“It’s no bother.” Sam stepped forward with a grin, holding out his hand for Cas to shake. “I’m Sam, by the way. Please tell me if my brother doesn’t treat you right so I can gladly kick his ass.”
“John, I don’t think he should—”
“Not just that,” he hesitated. “I don’t want to overstay—”
Hesitation touched their connection lightly.
Dean woke up to a song — a clear, melodious voice chanting words he couldn’t decipher. A firm, muscled body was nestled to his back, warm enough to make Dean want to drift into another pleasant dream of blue eyes and soft skin, if not for the voice currently coming from behind him. His eyes fluttered open.
They had tried to quarantine the first waves of the undead that broke in Europe, closing off their borders to prevent the infected from spreading. The Croatoan Virus proved highly infectious, though, and much smarter than all their strategies combined. Soon, millions of undead crawled across the country, driven by one purpose only — to feed, kill, and turn every human being in their path. The few survivors that remained had fled the cities to find refuge where they could.
“Alright… when are we going?” Sam stood up as well, eyes fixed on Castiel, a dare in his hazel ones.
He paused in front of the next storage house where they kept the food, and checked to see that there was no one else inside, and closed that door as well.
Dean hummed in consideration and took a step forward, hand half-raised, fingers slightly clenching before Dean let it fall back to his side again. “You don’t need to worry about me; I won’t tell anyone about you. Promise.”
But for Sam, it all came down to the first room on the right, with it’s muted-golden walls and floor to ceiling windows, framed by dark wooden shelves and rows of books stretching overhead as far as the eye could see. Dean would never forget the look of both wonder and disbelief on his brother’s face as he’d hurried inside. It was like watching Sammy taking a step home after so many years stranded. That had been the moment Dean had decided this was the right goddamn place for them after all.
“I bet he did.” Charlie winked at Dean.
The first grunts didn’t immediately register, with Dean too immersed in the task at hand. Only the first snap of a twig at his left finally made him jerk his head up.
Dean shrugged. “Nah, I get it, you did good checking me out first. I could be a douchebag for all you know.”
Suddenly a solid, warm body was there; Dean’s concerned eyes came into view as he wrapped his arms around Castiel, pulling him tightly to his chest. “Are you okay?” His hand pressed against Castiel’s lower back; his other one found Castiel’s wrist, fingers touching and caressing the skin there with a gentleness that made him dizzy all over again.
Dean sighed and shut his eyes tight for a moment before looking at Castiel again.
“The power is down. Meet me by the wind turbine,” he said, turning without waiting for Dean’s reply.
“Not officially. But I was thinking about Hope.”
That was, until now.
“Okay.” She sniffed once but replied with a broad smile. “So, what can I get you today?”
“I want you…” Dean looked around. “All to mind your own beeswax. Whatever is going on between Cas and me is exactly to stay that way, between us.”
Dean settled a hand on Cas’ arm. “Why not?”
“What’s going on?” the guy urged, hovering over them.
“Hey, how about we let the newbie decide?” Ellen added with a finality in her voice that made the discussion come to an abrupt halt.
“It’s okay,” Dean murmured against his ear. “It’s okay, Cas, do it. Do it!”
So instead he had made an appointment with his favorite tattoo artist, Garth, who detailed the linework one day and shaded the tattoo the week after. By the time the process was done, a weight had lifted from his chest and Dean had enough backbone to go underwater again.
Lucifer’s mouth twisted gelidly along his face. “Smart boy.”
“It’s Ben,” Jody continued, apparently choosing to ignore how Dean had spaced out. “He tried to run away again.”
“With someone like you? Stop selling yourself short, Dean. Besides, I think everything’s pretty clear from where I’m standing.”
Three mornings later, Dean got up with a determined roll of shoulders. He took a quick shower, not minding the cold, bitter droplets against his skin, and put on one of his favorite shirts, a red and deep green plaid one, with a simple black t-shirt beneath. He grabbed his backpack, readjusting his necklace on his way to the dining hall. He took a quick bite of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and stopped by Sam’s classroom before heading out.
take this. He found himself on his knees, on the floor, arms around his head, the letter clutched between his fingers.
Castiel was alone, and he was safe, or as safe as he could be with his ass on the floor. He had fallen, that much was evident, but what left Dean struck silent was the glistening tail in place of his legs.
The beam shot from Dean’s body only to collapse in on itself to pierce through him as if he was being impaled on a spear. The large radiant streak of fire extended up into the clouds and deep into the earth.
“Oh, yeah?”
Cas remained silent and Dean ended up meeting his eyes again. They danced under the dim light and Dean wasn’t sure if it was because a line of tears was added to them or if it was simply the way they were boring into Dean — stripping any dismissive thing Dean might say to look right into him and find out exactly how important this whole thing was to Dean.
“Or I found you,” Cas replied immediately. There was something in Cas’ smile that told Dean he had totally missed the point, but in so many ways, he had just touched all Dean’s soft spots.
“That has nothing to do with us making love.”
“You’ve done so much for me already. And I’m healed now. It’s not fair that I keep bothering you like this.”
“Maybe I’ll kick you out first,” Cole warned, eyes narrowing in irritation.
“Right here,” he reassured with a line of kisses along Cas’ neck, closing his eyes and immersing himself in it all — Cas’ musky smell, his gruff, deep voice mingling with Dean’s own and filling the room with choked-out, broken mewls, the friction between their bodies as they sped up their thrusts and held on to each other, chasing their releases.
Dean closed his eyes forcibly. He had known ever since Meg had referenced the red eyes what was coming. Dean finally had a name to add to his nightmares. He had been dreaming about Lucifer, the dark one with crimson eyes.
He went to the driver’s side and honked the truck’s horn before getting in. “Can someone get the gate?” he yelled, drumming his fingers on the wheel until a series of loud grumbles filled the room, followed by the piercing, lengthy screeches of the gate opening up to the chilly night’s air.
Dean wasn’t usually like this; he’d much rather leave the sappy feelings to his little brother. Lisa used to say he wasn’t meant for it, the hold hands moments, the cuddles during the night, the dreaming awake basking in a feeling that felt too big for his body. But the way his soul seemed to move each time Cas touched him, like Cas was doing now, eyes on the sky but thumb drawing lazy patterns across the back of Dean’s hand, he knew he was damn well meant for this.
He smiled back, proud he could contribute to the community.
“Yeah, good morning to you too.”
Castiel positioned himself behind him, cool, wet fingers brushing against his heated flesh once again, circling his rim before pushing inside. Dean’s head fell forward, and he gasped as one finger worked and stretched the muscles. The initial discomfort was quickly replaced by untamed need.
Dean nodded, eyeing both trucks with a smile. He swiped at the layer of sweat covering his forehead with the back of his hand and checked his watch — it was almost noon. “We should get going. We don’t wanna be here when it gets dark.”
Dean pulled back, beaming down at Cas. “Only if you promise never to be shy about asking me to make food for you. I love cooking for you, baby.”
Castiel sat up and Dean met him halfway. The kiss was tender and they moved slowly, tongues sliding together as they melted in each other’s arms. “I really wanted to see you too,” Castiel whispered into his lips when they parted for air. “Been meaning to for the past year.” Plump lips found Dean’s again, parting for him, allowing him to explore with reverent tongue and tentative teeth, capturing his breath as if Dean was on the verge of drowning all over again with Cas his anchor, his lifeline, pulling him from underwater.
“Hold up.” Dean stopped them. “Blocked, how?”
“When done right,” he murmured after stifling another yawn into his hand.
“Yes, that’s right, dementia can appear in later stages of the transformation, as well as slurred speech and excessive salivation. The full transformation can take a few hours up to a whole day.” Sam turned to scribble something on the board Dean couldn’t see from his point of view. “The origins of the virus are unclear,” he went on, “but multiple sources claim this virus is a mutated strain of the rabies virus. It’s present in the saliva of the host and can be transmitted by bites.”
“Kill you?” Lucifer cocked his head to the side. “I’m not going to kill you, Dean. I need you alive. You're the key.”
“Still, I’ll retrieve their bodies and take them back. Do you think it’s appropriate—”
“Cas, I—”
The mermaid was a ruddy-skinned female with a narrow face, turned-up nose, large lips, and wide hazel eyes. She was slim and petite with a colorful tattoo on her shoulder. Her brown hair floated over her back as she made her way to the bar, her eyes landing on Jo as she made her order and smiled softly.
The Claws and Fangs tattoo shop was neatly tidy and professional-looking on the inside, with its spotless, pastel-yellow walls covered from floor to ceiling with photos of complex tattoo works. The room was separated into a waiting area and working place by a wide, wooden front desk, with a petite blonde sitting behind the cash register. Bess was a strong-willed, cheerful woman who had worked for Garth for years now. Dean knew she had a not-so-secret crush on her boss, probably for as long as they had known each other, and despite Garth attempts to minimize their dynamic, Dean would bet a few bucks that they were meant to get married someday.
“Come back.” Castiel pouted.
Dean snapped his head in Cas’ direction. Sure, with the way Cas had kissed him, Dean had been wishfully thinking that it was a yes to staying, but it felt freaking fantastic hearing it out loud.
“It’s not your fault. I’m sorry I can’t give you the answers you’re looking for at the moment.”
Dean gulped thickly.
“When I found him, he was so out of it, he almost couldn’t form a coherent sentence, much less make up even a half-ass convincing lie.”
“Regretful,” Castiel replied with a deep inhale, already missing Dean’s body and taste.
“I wanted it.”
Spring welcomed them outside with a tepid and pleasant night. The breeze that caressed Dean’s face made his eyes flutter closed, breathing in the clearer, healthier air the open space provided, replacing the heavy, dense, and heated atmosphere the bar had engulfed them in.
“How ya doing?” Jody returned her pistol to the leather holster at her hip and hugged him. “Didn’t know you were back,” she added, stepping back.
Castiel could hear Dean’s steps behind him, slow and steadily following him, only faltering on occasion as they waved the truck goodbye as Charlie sped past them.
Dean thought sourly to himself. Detention, or how the others used to call it, scanning center, had been Kevin’s idea. They had boarded up the windows and reconfigured the cold metal walled space to serve as a checkpoint before allowing entrance into the Keeper. The area was wide enough to accommodate four trucks at a time, with two ladders on either side, leading to a balcony that encircled the room’s entirety. Both lateral walls were flanked by different interlinked check rooms, each with a large, centered window that enabled a direct view into the main room where they stood, although most of them had the curtains closed. “Hands behind your head,” Cole repeated from the balcony.
Dean curled the flat of his tongue along his length and maintained a steady suction as Castiel fucked his face. Castiel thrust forward, holding Dean there for a moment. His nose was nestled in the dark, curly hairs at the base of Castiel’s dick, his lovely cheeks hollowing out with the effort before Castiel let him pull almost completely off. Dean suckled at the crown and repeated the process, continuing the ruthless pace, breathing through his nose, working his throat muscles so that he could swallow around him. Castiel could feel it building almost to the point of too much, his balls tightening just as Dean pulled away with a satisfied grin.
“Your emotions. I… merfolk have a keener sense of smell than humans. Depending on what you’re feeling, your body releases different hormones that will change your smell. We can translate that to feelings.”
Dean chuckled softly. He liked Karen. She and Bobby had only been together for a few years; they had been high school sweethearts before she had to cross the country after her parents’ divorce. Bobby had never mentioned it, but his love ran deep and he had never forgotten her. When she returned to her hometown to bury her father, they picked up right where they had left off. Dean was happy for them, and Bobby deserved it after almost a lifetime of solitude, having to take care of Dean and Sam’s whiny asses as they grew up.
“It’s just… watching the rain reminds me of being underwater. I miss it whenever I'm out.”
Cas placed kisses everywhere his lips could reach, fingertips worshiping skin as he quickened his pace. Cock thrusting in and out, hands tightening around Dean’s hips, leaving white marks, desperate for something to hold on to.
“I wanna swallow every last bit of you.” With that, Dean took him down, almost to the root, hollowing his cheeks and sucking hard, taking every last ounce of Castiel’s breath.
His head had fallen to the side, in a mirror of the cute little head tilts Cas used to do when he was confused. His mouth was half-parted, soft puffs of air leaving his plump, chapped lips as he snored softly. His dark hair curled around his pointy ears and even those seemed cute to Dean nowadays. Cas had a hand across his stomach and the other falling over the sofa. He looked peaceful, Dean decided; younger, with all his worries ebbed away from his expression lines. Maybe he was dreaming about home, about being under the sea, floating in a world of blue and faded light.
Dean touched his bandage lightly.
Charlie elbowed Bela but couldn’t help laughing along. “You sure you okay?” she asked between laughs.
“I shouldn’t have taken advantage of you.”
The man licked his lips, murmuring the request, “Water.”
Just, mind the tags before reading this chapter, I don’t want to spoil it so that’s all I’m going to say.
he had never felt before.
“Yeah…” Dean’s eyes traveled along Castiel’s arm, focusing on the metal tip gleaming in his hand before the rest of the sharp object slid out from inside of his sleeve. Castiel gripped the handle to stop its descent. “Did…” Dean stuttered, dumbfounded by what he was seeing. “Did you just pull a sword out of your sleeve?”
“But you can fix it? I mean, you just stopped me, right? Somehow...”
“I can’t move, I can’t stop this… force emanating from me. It’s the only way to end it.”
The first snarls from the undead stuck to the spikes along the fort’s walls rang in Castiel’s ears. With each step, the Keeper’s walls gradually rose above their heads, and with that, Castiel’s apprehension grew higher. It wasn’t just his cover-up on the line. Pretending to be human was already natural to him, something he had forced on himself not just for him but for all of his kin.
Sam snorted. “You’re the one who’s been in a coma, remember?”
The rest of the packing was completed in a daze, and before Dean knew it, they were all settled inside the vehicles; Dean behind Baby’s wheel, ready to drive away from Clouds’ Keeper.
“It’s the good kind of sore, Cas. I like it… like to still feel you.” Dean blushed a little. “I’m not gonna break; you don’t have to coddle me.”
“That’s it!” Dean’s voice rose in reply. He leaned closer to Cas, mindful not to be elbowed by him. “Careful, careful… don’t pull too much at once, or you’re gonna scare it away.”
“Ellen…”
“You’re Castiel, I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” Dean found himself saying. That admission would earn him flushed cheeks and an embarrassed rub at the back of his neck if not for the way Castiel was smiling at him. A full smile, with lines webbing from the corner of his eyes and long dimples digging in his cheeks, plump lips stretching and illuminating his whole face.
Castiel leaned down, face stopping next to the man’s ear. “Are you going to behave?” he murmured the laced intimation, twisting his fingers a little further.
“I want everything, Dean. But first, I want you in my mouth,” Cas snarled, panting harshly against his lips, and Dean whimpered in return. The thought of those full, pouty lips wrapped around his cock did things to Dean.
“It’s okay. I love you, Cas.”
Dean turned the axe in his hands, clenching his fingers around the leather-wrapped grip, swinging the sturdy metal weapon in front of him — its double-edged blade had five spikes along each side, as well as a spike on the pommel and top end, courtesy of Bobby. Dean let the axe fall to his side with a sigh. He would never get used to this part — scrounging around amongst the carnage the world around them had become, running solely on a wing and a prayer most of the time.
came the hesitantly drawn-out thought.
“Overstay?” Dean interrupted. “Dude, you’re welcome to stay for as long as it takes. So long as you want to, I have no problems with it.” He tried out his best reassuring smile. “I was in need of a roommate anyway.”
Castiel urged his muscles to push and propel himself forward, aching and throbbing under the strength of his tail’s thrusts.
“Don’t…” Dean cleared his throat. “Don’t close your eyes just yet. I— I wanna see them.”
“Still cute, though.” Dean’s mouth twitched to the side in an almost smile.
Dean, who watched him as if Castiel held the world inside him, words unspoken in his eyes. An anguished ‘Don’t leave me’ in each brush of his knuckles on Castiel’s skin. A murmured ‘I love you’ in each kiss on the back of Castiel’s neck. A painful ‘I don’t want to let go’ in each tear shared at night, lips pressed together, foreheads touching, eyes closed as they dreamed of another life where they didn’t have to say goodbye. But with each morning that came, they kept driving; they didn’t stop because they both knew this had to be done. Dean had said multiple times that Lucifer wasn’t Castiel’s responsibility, but Castiel felt responsible for putting an end to this. If he was the only one that could do it, it was his claim to make, his burden to take.
”Okay, but that’s actually a wonderful idea,” Charlie continued the conversation they had started in Dean’s absence.
“Y—you want to open the gate to Hell?” he stuttered, stunned, feeling his pulse rise to a rapid staccato.
Dean pushed back and eyed Castiel, fisting him repeatedly before leaning forward to lick the tip, precum oozing out onto the flat of his tongue, spurring a tingling sensation that flared along Castiel’s skin, the muscles of his stomach clenching as he tried not to jerk forward into the wet heat of Dean’s mouth.
“I’m also good at analyzing, my physique isn’t bad either. And I’m strong, Dean. You should see the might of my tail, any mate would be impressed.”
“Our family?” she corrected.
“They’re gone…” Dean muttered, voice so low Castiel wasn’t sure it was meant for him to hear.
Dean entered the library, ambling along the labyrinth of bookcases to the far left corner where he knew the lone table was holed up in the back, surrounded on both sides by the lucent, golden morning sunlight.
“So much for not killing me,” Dean mocked.
“Secured in the back,” Dean would answer each time.
“Is that unc’ Bobby?”
“As long as you remember the rules,” John added.
“Cas, I…” Before he could finish, Cas was moving, and Dean tilted his head back with the sudden movement. Cas pulled back before slamming back in, and Dean groaned, a guttural and spent cry he didn’t know his lungs could produce.
Thank you also to everyone who has supported this fic so far, as always your feedback means a lot to me. Also don’t forget to
Dean felt himself growing increasingly nervous as the washed-out stoned walls of the Keeper expanded into view from the backseat window. With Jody burying her foot on the pedal, they had made it here in under forty-eight hours. Below him, the man had gone silent, with his disheveled dark hair nestled on Dean’s legs.
look was enough to keep Sam from mentioning anything about the bridal-style nonsense he was too happy to remind Dean about.
With one last smile, Dean left.
From then on, Castiel passed most of his afternoons at the library with Sam, clearly at ease surrounded by books and Sammy’s always too eager questions.
Most of the Croats had quit trying to reach him and were now feasting on Jo instead. Unable to do anything for her, Dean took the chance to crawl out from under the truck and away from where his friend lay dead. A couple of Croats were on him immediately as he made his way out. He rammed his axe into them as he got up and then chopped their heads off, lashing out at their limp bodies even after they were motionless, just out of spite.
They were getting ready for the trip outside when there was a bang on the door.
Dean’s hand grasped protectively around the small of Cas’ back, careful not to squash his dorsal fin that ran all the way along his thoracic spine. Cas’ skin was warm to the touch and wet, but as soft as Dean remembered it. Dean’s other arm was under Cas’ tail and the first contact with it stole a gasp from Dean’s lungs. The tail was silky and smooth under his touch as the scales caught at his hand, slippery and shuddering under his skin as Dean fought the urge to smooth them down with his fingers.
I’ve been getting the most amazing feedback from people saying how much this fic means to them and how sad they are that this is coming to an end.
Sighing, Dean buried both hands in his pockets. He didn’t want it to come down to this, but he would kick Gordon’s ass if he had to. Dean had no interest in affirming himself as the leader, nor did he want the position like Gordon was so eager to claim for himself. But the reality was, like it or not, people had come to look up to him for advice or to make the hard decisions necessary for the greater good of the community. And Dean had accepted that, not because he liked it, but because he felt responsible for everyone living here. After all, Bobby, Sammy, and himself had founded and built this place. And even though the new guy was nothing but a stranger to Dean, he somehow felt responsible for him too. Not only that, he wanted, needed, to know more about him. How in the fucking world was he able to stop Dean’s outburst. Would he be able to tell Dean what the hell was wrong with him? Could he fix him? Besides that, was he immune and possibly the key to stop the virus?
“But I’m okay.”
They were surrounded, and Dean could feel his knees almost giving way beneath him.
“Lisa is looking for you,” she said after a moment, bringing the cigarette to her mouth and closing her eyes after the first drag.
“We need to get back to the truck, quickly.” Charlie waved a hand. “Where’s your radio? Warn Castiel!”
They pulled out of the parking lot, and out of Winona, under a pale summer sun. East, to Wisconsin, and whatever was waiting for them there.
"I feel immensely stupid, and it's
Brilliant.
“Gifts,” Matsu Kami said, waving his hand gracefully at them. “Traditional, but I doubt you will mind.”
Cas said nothing for a moment, and then he sighed. He slipped off the bed and came round, sliding onto Dean's lap without asking for permission, legs bracketing them there, and he took Dean's face in his hands.
a corse between the houses high...
The hot summer wind rustled through the trees, a soft humming sound drifting down with another shower of petals.
"I tell you once, I tell you a hundred times, Baby! You stay out of that pantry or I will skin you for boots!"
“No, I’m—actually visiting in town, and I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions?”
“You haven’t done anything all day!” Dean said, tapping his foot against the side of the car. “You sure you want to just lie around in some motel room?”
"And he could only stay for a dance."
“You’ve gotta be kidding me.”
His own bed felt huge, an uncommon feeling for someone of his stature. The emptiness was big and lonesome, and he was tired, but unable to sleep, and frustrated; so he got up quietly, shrugged on his jacket and stepped into his shoes and wandered out the door in his pajama pants and t-shirt, the door snicking quietly shut behind him.
She hummed a little. Bowed her head.
The Byrne place was a farmhouse, nestled in its own little copse of trees, small and cool-colored and inviting. Two trucks in the drive, one more weathered than the other, a screened-in porch. Not too far off in the distance Dean could see the Mississippi, a glittering silver snake under the sun of late afternoon. He wondered if the house was ever in any danger, when it flooded. He wondered vaguely if it would ever flood again in Galilee.
Dean stopped reading for a second, his eyes widening.
“It’s been two cycles and I haven’t turned,” he said, rubbing his fingers up and down the spine. “I came up here, and I sat there and nothing happened. Not a hair out of place.” He laughed suddenly, touching his forehead in disbelief. “I, uh. I did a crossword and finished a book and thought about what to get my mom for her birthday, and I thought, ‘why should I bother with a gift if I’m normal?’ If I can give her a normal son again…” His sentence trailed off and he shrugged.
“I'd still like to know what triggered her,” David said, as Sam was coming back down the bank from the Impala, where he'd gone to get the matches and the salt. “Don't seem natural, a ghost waitin' that long to wake up.”
“Yeah. Thank you—thank you for picking up.”
vibrate to life he hardly noticed it. On the second buzz he jumped, answering it and climbing out of the car so he could stand closer to the others. Sam put down his yogurt and stared at him expectantly and Cas took his hands out of his pockets, waiting.
Cas looked away from Dean, closer to the water, now. “I know.” He sagged a little, momentarily rubbing at his eyes. “I just wish he'd stop being so petty.”
Cas eyed the orange slices of sweet melon and found his mouth watering.
“I hurt you,” Cas murmured, like he couldn’t believe it. Couldn’t believe he could have ever done a thing like that. “What I did to your back.”
“It taught us how to grow them. What good is a miracle if you don’t know what to do with it? I mean, sure, we get some of the biggest peaches and the biggest harvests, and sure, it's practically magical that any of it grows this far north, but if you don’t know how to tend it, if you don’t know how to look after it, then what’s the point? All those years my granddaddies had to fight the ground and the frosts for fruit when they could have picked up and gone south anytime, all that hard trouble and practice, all of it, so that when it took, when things just worked, it was something they could make the most of.”
“What do you know about him?”
“Where are you going?” Dean asked, watching his younger brother start towards the table.
They waded towards him, stepping carefully in the push and pull of the current. Dean wrestled with something under the water until it gave, and he pulled it out.
Pages.
“Don't you have any more ridiculous stories in that head of yours?”
In the sigil on the floor, invisible to the humans but clearly visible to Castiel, was a man in a well-fitting black business suit, impeccably (unnaturally) tailored perfectly to him—lean, bordering on a handsome scrawniness, dark-haired and dark-eyed. A black cigarillo was caught between his lips as if he'd been pulled straight from the front walk of some Wall Street building on his smoking break.
“Just fine,” Dean grunted, throwing a tired smile at her. She blushed, tucking a bit of her dirty blonde hair behind her ear, the hand falling to straighten her collar self-consciously. He let his eyes wander down the bar to where the kid was still huddled over the remains of his food. Dean closed his eyes. He was never going to hear the end of this.
