“He killed my mother by smashing her head on the floor.” Bruce told them but not in spite, not by anger, but as if he was finally breaking down a few of his walls. “Ten years later, I bashed his head on her grave.”
“—and in case you deleted my number again, it’s me, your brother.”
“Can I help you?” Clint asked when the man reached his spot, standing in front of him a few inches away from invading his personal space.
Clint frantically waved at the small box he was holding, and Natasha may have squinted at the said box before finding herself smiling. This time, she knew she was smiling and she did nothing to stop herself.
The boy didn’t bother to reply, instead he just continued on looking down at he feet. Clint rubbed his temples and was about to leave the kid, having already reached his limit. But he caught the look on the kid’s face, and for some reasons, it reminded him of the time he was living on the streets.
But then, Bruce gave him a small smile and shrugged. “Well, we’re just in the same boat,” he said gesturing at Tony’s blueprints. “Engineer?”
“It’s a start of something new,” Steve answered.
Befriending one person apparently isn’t going to change anything, for starters, Thor isn’t even sure if she goes to the same university. He stared at his phone and frowned a frown that could make babies cry as he stared at his contacts. The only thing in it was Loki’s.
Bruce paused and blinked, he’s been blinking a lot lately. “not really, when your just faking it.”
“It worked!” Thor exclaimed like a teenage girl inside his room.
“Get him under the sink.” Natasha suddenly ordered, Steve didn’t tried to question how she got here. Tony on the other hand whipped his head towards Natasha then back at the others, his face obviously screaming ‘When the hell did she get here?’.
Taking one of his hearing aids off, he toyed with it and stared at the kid in front of him, who was devouring a cheeseburger but was still able to look like he was eating in fine dining. “Am  finally gonna get a name?” he asked.
Thor turned, almost dropping his phone—first and the only phone he ever had—and smiled as he saw Jane standing next to him. “Jane!” He exclaimed, and for a moment Jane thought he was going to engulf her in a hug.
“No, he keeps saying he never ran away from home,” Steve said as he folded the wrapper of the sandwich he had just finished and tucked it inside the pocket of his messenger bag.
“I think I was about to do it.”
Peggy stared at him even more. “You weren’t this thorough when we were buying pencils,” she said.
Thor liked to think that he did pretty well with his interaction with Steve. He didn’t act too interested right? He followed Jane’s tips positively accurate. Now if he could only find a way to communicate the other four tenants, he did try though, asking what this ‘Shit-List’ is that Tony was talking about.
Steve, who saw his scars, hisbig ugly scars, and all can Tony think was act like Steve saw nothing, or act like the scars never existed. Again, it's easier to ignore it. And ignoring is easier when you act like an ass.
Steve frowned before studying his painting again. It’s his typical empty abstract painting that carries empty stories and plain brush strokes, it held nothing.
Clint snorted. “I’m joking,” he said and the boy’s tense shoulder visibly relaxed. “If you can’t tell me your name, tell me about yourself then. I’ve known you for a month now, and yet I still don’t know anything about you.”
the closed door. Everyone jumped and held their breathes as the fist retracted, and after a few seconds, the door was kicked open, breaking the knob in the process, sending a deafening bang when it slammed on the wall.
Thor didn’t actually know.
In the background, Tony snapped his head up and pointed a finger at Steve. “told you,” he mouthed in which the other guy gave him a look that practically says:
Either he didn’t notice the glare that the older man gave him, or that he did notice it but couldn’t care less, he took his sunglasses off as the older man unlocked the front door.
Loki stopped and stared at him. “Excuse me?”
-disowned.” She countered, Clint snorted but unsuccessfully hid it behind a cough.
He never found out why Loki wasn’t taking classes, or why he lived somewhere else than the building Thor was living in, but he promised not to ask questions and just finish this. Whatever this was.
“Why are you looking at those popcorn packets as if you’re going to decide whether to launch the atomic bomb or something?”
As if not hearing the question, Natasha closed the fridge an apple in hand before staring right at him, “I don’t have classes today,” She replied flatly, but the way her eyes stare at him tells differently, as if daring him to ask her for an honest answer. And Steve, well Steve would rather not ask because of two reasons 1.) Natasha looks like a person who would hit you in the most vulnerable parts (physically) and 2.) Steve is a person who would not want to be hit on his vulnerable parts.
Seemingly contented, Natasha went back at staring at her phone. “Anything but the third installment,” she said.
And again.
He didn’t notice, but the next thing he knew, Thor was helping him with the task. Which was scary and brilliant at the same time. Thor was bigger, therefor he would be more effective. But, it’s Bruce that they’re stopping, not a WWE wrestler, and it’s terrifying to think that even with the both of them, they’re still having a hard time to contain him.
“I just thought I could finish a few things at the uni,” He answered. “You sure you’re not—”
Tony waited for more explanation. “Yeah, sure that explained a whole lot,” he said when Bruce said nothing.
Steve knew it’s not suppose to be a question.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s the reason why I was only looking for college students,” he said as the brunette opened the door near the kitchenette. “I like to think that this place’s a mix of a boarding house, an apartment, and a dorm.”
Tony ignored the latter comment, “Well you could have chosen something more iconic, like Star Wars, not some dumb remake film.”
“Are you really that much of a racist to your own race?” Tony questioned.
But this has got to stop.
panicking. He was pacing back and forth, cursing at his phone whenever the line was cut off. Steve entered the building in a panting mess, the bigger blond looked at him as if to ask
The therapist sighed and wrote something down.
“No, I get it,” Steve said walking towards them. “Just that, I heard that a lot to last a lifetime.” He added setting down the box he was carrying on the dining table. “Are you two the only—"
“Bruce—” He didn’t get to finish his sentence because Bruce swung his fist straight to his face.
Bruce glanced down at the mug in his hands then looked up at the bigger man. “Do you like drinking them?” Bruce asked, smiling. Probably finding the situation funny.
again, sorry.
“You talk way too formal for a junkie,” Clint said and snatched his wallet from the boy’s grip. “You should have placed this in you pocket the minute you got it you know, but then again, you don’t have pockets.”
Thor was about to open his mouth to say something when the lady suddenly frowned. Confused, Thor stopped walking and stared at her as she looked around. In just a few seconds, the lady sighed and ran a hand through her hair. “I missed my stop,” she said with a chuckle.
Tony frowned when he knew that the latter was like asking Howard to remember his birthday.
“Hey,” Thor said giving up. “I am aware that I had left a voicemail yesterday, nonetheless I really want to hear from you. I visited the other day—yesterday in fact—that is why I left a voicemail, but you won’t come out of your room. Did you even obtain my message?” His voice trailed a bit. “Anyway, I’m still trying to make friends, and remember Steve? The fair-haired one that’ was almost as vast as me? Apparently, he can rival mother’s cooking skills. I have eaten some of his food, well what Clint had left—you remember Clint? The other fair-haired man I mentioned, but tinier—and yet I have not managed to speak to him. But I am not losing hope, success is still visible in my vision.”
When everyone was finally seated, Pepper opened the door from the driver’s sit before sitting down and proceeding to grumble words under her breathe, “Four in the freaking morning,” she grouched slipping in her car keys, “Things I do for that jerk.”
“But first we have to get you to a hospital.” He told Bruce taking a short glance at his murdered knuckles. “Hey Natasha, keys, now.”
Tony blinked. “No wonder you look like you might drop dead any minute,” he mused. “You know, you just placed yourself in a death sentence, right?
“Just do it.” She replied sounding less and less patient.
Giving his painting a last glance, he left his room and made a beeline towards the bathroom—as expected the first floor was empty. He let out a groan when he spotted his reflection from the mirror and saw a big blob of red and blue on his face.
Him, supposedly, but Howard decided that repeating his course is a better option.
He rushed down the stairs and ran straight towards the bathroom, praying that no one was occupying the only toilet. He thanked the heavens when no one was—though a very, very (like, really) small part of him was hoping he’d bump into Natasha using the toilet. He’s a man, after all, it also doesn’t help that the first time he saw her was in the bathroom.
“I liked that one,” Natasha interrupted before Thor could even say anything. She made her way towards the fridge and grabbed one of her supplies of apples before shrugging her bag on the kitchen counter. “But never call me that again, ever,” she added.
Natasha snapped her head up at Clint and raised one of her perfectly trimmed eyebrows.
Tony found himself unable to say anything but a small “Huh.” He glanced around again, “you think they’re here? Should I put the Ghost Busters on speed dial?”
"Is that some form of greeting here?”
“Ooookay…” He muttered finally breaking eye contact as he closed the fridge. “Not the talking type, I could live with that,” he added heading straight towards the bathroom.
“Morning,” Tony greeted raising one hand.
Bruce winced. “Been trying to forget that,” he said, which for some odd reason wasn’t a good idea to be said in front of Natasha.
Thor’s face scrunched up, “Semi-disowned?”
She answered on the fifth ring.
He heard someone else groaning, then a “of course, how wonderful.”
“You okay?” Bruce asked. “Where’s Loki?”
“I was angry,” Bruce replied “I was angry when I killed him, I was angry just like earlier,” as if to say he could kill one of them if something like this happens again.
“I guess you should remove Ghost Busters out of your speed dial,” Bruce told Tony while continuing to sip from his tea.
“Brother told you my sob story didn’t he?” Loki lashed, and the sudden change of mood almost made Bruce flinch. “Did he forgot to mention he’s the cause of it?”
Thor smiled a sad smile. “Being sent to a different country, not allowed to call or keep in touch, is as bad being banished. It’s hard to know that they are there, and yet you can not do anything about it.” He turned to look down on his feet. “I felt alone, and suddenly I knew how Loki had felt.”
“You know,” Tony almost dropped the pen he was holding. “When I left the note on the fridge, I was expecting answers from all of you, not just from Steve,” Clint said, biting down from the apple that he was holding as he sat next to Tony. “I just bumped into Thor a few minutes ago, he said he’ll watch whatever you guys want.”
The idea of sharing a room with a person she doesn’t know, let alone trust, repulses her and was set on finding another place to stay. As soon as she discovered the lonely building near the campus, she decided to take a room without any second thoughts.
Loki glared at him. “Do you even know why he’s here? Why he’s alone in this godforsaken place? Why father wouldn’t even answer any of his calls?” Bruce just stared as the wind suddenly picked up. “Of course not, all you see is some puppy you shouldn’t kick!”
“Housemate…” She repeated somewhat monotonous.
Bruce huffed out a laugh. “Well, me neither. But thanks, it’s been a while.” He brought the mug to his lips and Thor held his breath. Bruce grimaced at the taste but immediately covered it with a smile as he noticed Thor looking at him with rapt attention. “Well, I think I’ll be meeting Diabetes soon,” Bruce said before taking another sip.
It didn’t register at first, having been more distracted with the fact that had Tony stood in front of him almost naked—and what great timing it was because Steve was,
“C’mon,” Bruce said heading for the door. “He’s just in a mood, we can search Loki ourselves.”
Honestly, the hearing aids incident hasn’t really crossed Thor’s mind since that morning. But mentioning that seemed like a bad idea. “Ah, yes?”
For some reasons, she found it quite amusing waking up, coming back from class—or from her job, to find notes sticking on the fridge. Most of it wasn’t really there for her, it was either for Clint or for Tony, but something about the whole situation was, well, comical.
Clint paused, his hands freezing from toying his earphones, and looked at the kid in front if him. “Nosy, aren’t you.” it wasn’t a question.
“I have one in my room.”
That morning, Clint went to his class wearing one hearing aid. Sure it was a pain that he could barely hear the professor on top of his hangover, but maybe he could handle it for just a day. When he got back, he saw his hearing aid exactly on the place where he asked Thor to leave it.
Sighing, Clint took all the taped notes, including his, and threw it on the trash bin. He grabbed his notebook inside his bag and ripped a page.
Then someone knocked.
She wouldn’t have agreed if she didn’t enjoy it, but the fact that she was going to have to spend the whole evening with five strangers seem to be more prominent now.
Tony looked away from the piles of blueprint spread across the table and saw Bruce standing before him, carrying a number of papers that rivals Tony’s blueprints.
He took a few breath, he can do this, he just have to think, yes, think, he’s good at thinking. If he were Loki, where would he go?
Steve wondered, everyone already know this, why does she need to narrate it? And by the looks of everyone in this room, they all seem to have the same question.
Everyone was looking at her, except for Natasha’s judging glare. Bruce wanted to salute this newly arrived stranger for having the ability to be unfazed by it.
“Excellent, that is so realistic,” The boy said unamused.
Finally finished with his own set of boxed belongings—which took a whole month much to Bruce’s dismay, a new person finally moved in. Not that Tony’s like the other two tenants, it’s just that he’s almost as much of a hermit as the other two.
Steve entered next, and Thor found himself staring at the other blond that was suddenly sitting on the floor, watching the start of the second season with rapt attention.
“According to one of the seniors, ‘Still Life’ would be the most boring thing you’ll ever encounter,” Peggy complained, her thick English accent seeping out, as they skimmed the shelves for different types of drawing pencils. “Imagine drawing nothing but bananas and apples for months.”
Steve wanted to ask how Thor is just like him, or why is Natasha telling him this as if she knows something that he doesn’t, but what he ask was the subject that nags at him the most. “Eggshells?”
Tony sighed glared at the only furniture in the room, a dusty moth-eaten twin bed.
“It’s just that—”
If he was going to write a list of reasons why he shouldn’t spend his college life here, he’d be on the second page at this point. Also, seriously? One toilet? And no privacy whatsoever?
“I’m sorry,” Bruce said, cutting Clint off as he tries to hide his face even more from everyone. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he repeatedly whimpered. “I’ll pay, I promise I’ll pay, then I’ll—I’ll move out. I’m sorry—shit, I’m really sorry.”
As soon as he was done, Clint washed his hands and made a beeline towards the fridge, might as well get on with the day. He could spend some time in the archery before his next class anyway.
Steve blinked a couple more before nodding stiffly and disappearing in his bedroom, still red in the face.
Natasha’s eyebrows were slowly raising from its original position.
Then the boy did something Clint wasn’t expecting, he snorted out a laugh. “I don’t think so, I’m pretty sure I did a good move,” Then he produced Clint’s wallet, and Clint ended up patting his pockets to make sure, but the wallet on the boy’s hands were really his. “I’m pretty good at fooling people, remember?”
Bruce stopped midway from turning on a corner and blinked—honestly, he’s been blinking way too much and it’s starting to worry him, and the fact that he’s worrying over things like blinking too much is another thing to worry about—before realizing that what he heard was Thor.
Could he be more pathetic?
Running a hand through his hair, the young man shrugged and followed the owner towards the second floor. This time, it consists of nothing but a very long corridor with three doors on each side. The bedrooms, the man concluded.
He grabbed him by the arm and turned the other guy to face him. Tony stared at him with both of his eyebrows raised as Clint pointed at the box and said, “Why?”
Another pause, much longer. “No.”
Okay, i know creating a college based story when you're not a college student seem stupid, but in my defense, I am stupid. Also, that fact that I wrote the first draft of this story at 3 in the morning hiding from my parents gives credit. And yeah, I should be updating I'm Not A Menace, but I'm currently fighting off writer's block with that story.
Natasha’s scrunched eyebrows eased giving him this blank stare that made Bruce look back at the boiler, wishing for the water to heat up faster.
The last person he talked to was Natasha, that really weird girl—only girl—living with them, and it took him quite a while before he actually persuaded himself to thank her for finding his notebook. But whenever he’d look back at that short interaction, he couldn’t help but smother himself with his only pillow in his room.
It was when he had gone back to bed did he realized that he technically saw her naked.
Then the frown on his face deepened.
, my twin sister, for helping me finish this chapter because it's so !@#$%^& long.
“I shall head to class now,” He said. “It was nice seeing you.”
Thor had three questions in his head,
Natasha snorted, Fury was her uncle as much as Tony’s ever going to be quiet with his projects. She’s just fortunate enough that guy took pity of her and took her in, and the fact that he’s the dean in SHIELD and enrolling in wasn’t that hard, it was just a bonus.
She turned to Thor who was looking at her sympathetically, which caused her to shove off the sudden urge to roll her eyes, and at Clint who was looking at her with a blank expression before glaring back at the door. Natasha decided to pointedly not look at Bruce, not wanting whatever it is that he schooled his face with, and glared at Steve who was about to say something to her.
Bruce remembered how it felt when he told the others about his parents, how it feels to have something off of his chest that kept on nagging at him for years. Sure it was weird, he didn’t know how to act around others, but honestly it made things a little better. “Comfort I guess?” He shrugged.
“Pep, this is not elementary school anymore.”
Loki turned to Bruce, frowning, before breaking off with a huge grin and letting the most genuine laugh Bruce ever heard from him. But it doesn’t sit well with him “If you think I’m planning to end myself, you’re much more dimwitted than Barton.”
She glanced at the shelf and saw that the little notebook was still there. Either Steve’s not so great with finding things that are practically there in front of his face, or he just never bothered to search.
. And the longer he stayed, Bruce, noticed that the guy follows a tight schedule. It’s like his whole life is a routine: wake up, jog, exercise, take a bath, go out, return, eat, and sleep. And he did every one of it at a certain time, never missing a minute.
Steve glared at Tony’s retreating figure, sweat still clinging from his bangs. Bruce looked down, before glancing back at everyone, Thor looking like this shouldn’t even exist, but apparently it does. Looking at the bathroom door, thinking about the missing mirror, his bandaged hand, Steve’s black eye, and the two broken door, Bruce realized that maybe it’s his turn.
“Clint told me to give it to some girl that I like,” Thor said and Jane found herself fighting off a growing blush.
Pepper did mention that he tends to acquire hatred from people after a few seconds of talking. He wonders why.
And when Loki laughs, it’s usually not a good sign. Well, it used not to, then that happened.
Clint actually found himself grinning at Thor’s obliviousness, only to frown when he realized that he was grinning.
“What season are we?” All eyes landed on Clint, “What? I was just trying to lighten up the mood.”
Tony, who was woken up due to Clint’s foot, only had half of his brain function to properly sit up straight, slightly dazed, before proclaiming that he’ll make tea for everyone and coffee for Bruce. Nobody corrected him when he trudged his way towards the kitchen, instead, they all sunk down on the sofa, immediately feeling the ache on their body.
“It’s not like he needs everyone to look after him.” Tony commented after taking a sit, surprisingly, beside Steve. “I mean we could take turns.”
Clint, bless him, stayed oblivious as he glared at the DVD player that he was trying to set up. Natasha blinked at the mechanism and concluded that no technology that old should even be on Clint’s hands, it deserves to be in a museum. Glancing at Tony, she registered the disgusted expression on his face as he eyed the device.
Grabbing a bottle of water, with a sticky note labelled ‘Steve’ in the front, Steve nodded at Bruce and padded his way up the stairs.
Glaring at the note again, Tony crossed his arms and stared at it as if staring at the piece of paper would give the answer to life’s greatest question.
Steve is in some sort of a mess,
When he left, she thought that was the last she’ll ever see of him, only to be surprised when he actually moved in. She spent the whole day frowning in her room, wondering why the sole heir of Stark Industries was even there.
“Well,” Tony suddenly announced clapping his hands together. “I’ll be in my room.” He added finally standing up but Clint grabbed hold of his arm and yanked him back, again.
Thor shouting should never even be possible.
“I could write a novel with why I don’t need to buy you shit.” Clint said, “buy your own damn hotdog, and leave me alone.”
Leaning in front, Clint went a grab for his mug before everyone followed suit. The blond took a short sip before leaning back, “I thought you’re supposed to sleep?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor huffed out before shaking his head. “I am aware that he would not respond, I just thought if I try enough…” he sighed before turning back to Bruce with a smile. “But you should not even be worrying, it’s not as horrid as it seems. How’s you’re hand?”
Jane sighed, she was never really good at this.
In all honesty, she wasn’t expecting the others to reply, considering that the note Clint left was for Tony alone. And now, staring at the other notes, her hand itched to leave her own comment.
Honestly, I have no idea how to write Thor and he's the one coming up next.
“Hey, I know you’re pissed, but I think The Time Traveler’s Wife is also a good film,” Clint said weakly from the couch. “It got Rachel McAdams as one of the leads, you know, the bitch in Mean Girls.”
At this point, Bruce almost forgot about his bathroom fiasco, if it wasn’t for the very obvious missing mirror whenever he uses the bathroom, or the very slowly fading black eye Steve had plastered on his face whenever he sees him.
Natasha noted that like Thor, Clint was trying to give this thing a go, whatever it is this thing is. Natasha bit on her apple, her expression still impassive.
Ever since Clint told him about the plans for the movie night, Steve found himself feeling giddy of another night with the other six. He found himself counting down the days until Friday with a dorky smile on his face. He was still awkward around them, yes, but this was what he wanted.
She stared at it long and hard before grabbing her discarded bag on the floor and left for class.
Jane raised her hand as if to take an oath “Yes.”
“Jesus fucking Christ!” Tony exclaimed, losing grip on one of the boxes he was holding sending it crashing with a loud thud on the ground, narrowly missing his left foot.
“Hey, what are you all…”
Then he was gone.
Somewhere, a few blocks away from Thor’s building, Jane stared at her bed sheets.
She leveled him a gaze. “I’m assuming you’re Loki,” she said. “Hence, I’m assuming you guys live in Building A.”
“It’s not Back To The Future!” Tony retorted. “Before renting a film, check the disk if it’s the correct one.”
He hasn’t had the chance to apologize to Tony about the incident that morning after the first time they all spent together in front of the television, and he realized that this movie night he’ll finally have the chance. It wasn’t like he wasn’t trying for the past week, the guy wasn’t that hard to find considering that their schedule seems to overlap all the time, but Steve knew when a person is trying to avoid him.
Tony winced as Bruce produced a crumpled set of papers, and by the horrified look the other guy was giving, Bruce wasn’t expecting for said papers to meet its destruction from a very worn out bag that looks older than himself. The guy could do nothing but sigh.
This time, Thor looked up and stared at Bruce. “Indeed,” it was a lie, and a poorly made one, but Bruce decided not to point it out. “It’s just, my father won’t answer.’”
God, how could he be so ignorant.
After weeks of sitting alone, and ignoring each other in, and out, of the University, it took Tony by surprise that one of the other five was actually talking to him, much less asking to spend their free period with him. For starters, he wasn’t even aware if he and the other five shares a free period.
Natasha blinked at the small jar placed on the counter next to Thor’s ridiculous supply of pop tarts.
“Gotcha!” He exclaimed, grabbing the boy by the back of his collar.
“What’s going on?” The girl asked, and Clint couldn’t agree more. He was used with seeing Thor like a giant puppy or something, as far as  he knows, this Thor doesn’t even exist. “Thor, who is he?”
“Look kid, I’m just trying to eat lunch,” Clint said when the kid made no attempt on leaving. “If you’re hungry, go home, apologize, and eat your mother’s cooking.”
. Hesitantly, he walked towards Clint while readjusting his messenger bag.
Well, not entirely.
“Used to.” Clint specifically glared at Tony.
“Pardon?”
Steve paused. “I don’t really like them that much,” he said. “So I don’t have a usual.”
Natasha glanced at Bruce who was obviously not reading the book that he was holding, considering that he hadn’t changed the page for the last five minutes, and noted the small quirks of his mouth as the banter between the other two continued on, then at Steve who was looking more uncomfortable by the second. Thor was still trying to start a conversation with Steve, completely oblivious that the other man was trying his best not to engage in small talk.
He turned off his phone and leaned back. He stared at the trees, the empty playground, before looking at the street. He’s first and last conversation with Loki was when he asked if he wants some tea, most of the time he just watch him interact with other—or to insult to put it simply. He was the same as Tony, he doesn’t really know the guy. He knew a few this and that about him, but not anything concrete to know what’s going on inside his head.
Natasha stared at her therapist, looking like she wasn’t going to answer the question anytime soon, and was visibly wanting to finish the session. But apparently, her therapist was already immune under her gaze as he continued to smile at her as if they were talking about the weather and not Natasha’s future plans for his funeral.
Tony ignored him. “They left him, and then they were magically at the ER.”
“He managed to live in the streets, right?” Tony said. “Just file a missing report in the morning.”
“So what,” Clint said. “You’re going to be a nameless kid forever? I gotta have to put a name on the person who owes me you know.”
The last time he also gave Bucky some space, he found himself waiting outside an ER as the doctors tried to save Bucky’s life. There was a loud crunch that sounded exactly like fist hitting a broken mirror. And Steve didn’t bother thinking after that, he stepped back and threw all his weight at the closed door.
“That doesn’t look good.”
“I assume it was one of the reasons why he had done what he did,” Thor said, his voice uncharacteristically low. “As a brother, I failed him, and I didn’t even noticed.”
Yes, he bough the DVD player.
The guy seemed confused at first before following Bruce’s hand pointing at the stairs. “Ah, indeed, I have taken a room in this facility.”
The man huffed out another laugh, “I just remembered how I had a hard time moving my stuff here, so I thought why not.”
Looking down at his socked feet, Bruce frowned. “I assume we’re all awake to search for him,” he said.
No reply.
It suddenly registered in Thor’s head that he was talking to someone, to someone! He didn’t need to think of a conversation starter because he wasn’t the one to start the conversation in the first place, which was new and refreshing for some reason, and by the looks of it, she appeared to be of the same age as him.
Bruce was just about to turn around as Tony gave his best not to roll his eyes. “I seriously have no idea how you survive around here,” Tony said as he pushed his stuff to make room for Bruce’s belongings. “Sit, god knows I need human company before I kill myself out of boredom.” He wasn’t really bored, but to Tony, it’s not a conversation when there’s no exaggeration.
Bruce wanted to point out that it wasn’t, not even a little, but the statement threw him off for a loop. “Uh, what?”
“You’re Natasha right?”
“Oh,” She glanced down at the flowers before looking up. “I take it didn’t work?
Tony raised his eyebrows at the action before decided to acknowledge the words instead. “Well, then he’s a lying liar who lies—”
, the person who asked me the question.
If no one got it, Bruce Hulked out. One of you asked if they still had their powers, and I answered with that they have but they don't, well I hope you kinda understand that part now. And yeah, the plot just started.
Glancing around, Tony typed again on his phone.
His eyes roamed over the happy expression of the man eating the pasta as he blatantly ignores his surroundings.
Thor flinched and turned to look at Bruce alarmed, “Jesus.”
Loki scoffed, “I’m not that weak to seek for human compassion.”
Bruce continued to thrash, it surprises Steve for a guy so small can turn this place upside down if angry.
They still don’t know each other that much, but they’re still at the beginning, right? They still have time.
The man nodded and continued to write something down. “So, this Tony, have you talked to him prior to the slipper incident?”
The man shrugged, “My brother has forewarned me about it, but as individuals say, habits die hard.”
Sighing, Bruce dropped his stuff on the bathroom sink and stared at his bandaged hands. The sad part was knowing that his episode last night wasn’t even one of his worsts, to put it lightly, it was one of his more tamed moments. It was his fault anyway, he never should have tried visiting his grave.
He waited patiently for anyone to knock on Tony’s door and tell him to shut the hell up. Because seriously, some of them have classes to attend.
(See the end of the chapter for
He paused when he realized this.
Natasha only shrugged before taking a sit on the floor, everyone stared at here but followed her action after seconds passed. They all sat there, trying not to watch how Bruce struggled.
“Maybe he’s just busy?” Bruce supplied lamely, god he should kick himself.
“Sulking alone in your room, working out, like a crazy person,” she answered as the cashier punched-in their purchases. “You know, botched and all.”
Then his eyes landed on the broken hoverboard.
And all because of that simple thing he wished stayed hidden.
“Mood swings, being defensive, I could still list off a lot of things but the point is you’re showing signs of drug relapse,” he said. “You also reacted weird, back when we first met, when I mentioned you using coke.” He must sound like an asshole, considering that he was listing it off like he was reciting his grocery list. But he wasn’t there to sugar coat, he was there to drill the things the kid needs to know inside his head. “You’re also showing signs of drug usage, so I’m guessing you already had a fix a couple of days ago, am I right?”
“I’m just gonna—” Clint started.
She hated their sessions, and yet she never missed a day. It was a reminder that her days in that kind of life was over, it grounded her. She didn’t like it, but that doesn’t mean she didn’t need it. She’s not that stupid to believe she didn’t need help.
Just then, Natasha sat next to Bruce, acting as if she had always been seating with them ever since and not for the first time. Tony blinked at her as she produced her phone from her pocket and engrossed herself with it.
Being a thief himself—well, a retired one—getting robbed was embarrassing, especially getting robbed by a kid. He was smart, Clint could give him that, he got himself free food for at least a few days, then once his cover was blown, he could run away with the victim’s wallet. He was a good liar, excellent maybe, making him wonder if all the things the kid said were lies.
The deafening silence meant that everyone heard him, maybe everyone was just too tired to react.
“Shit,” Clint cursed. “Bruce, you back now buddy? We can take the—”
Thor’s brain short-circuited and he’s next actions wasn’t really something he’d like to repeat. He walked up to Clint and shoved the flowers towards the smaller man’s chest.
Natasha was never a fan of showing emotions, but at the moment her eyebrows must have disappeared from her hairline already. Maybe she’s wrong again. Maybe Steve didn’t want to stay in his room tonight. But the previous events says otherwise.
And just like any other early weird bird, he catches the worm.
“Will you two cut it.”
To Natasha’s surprise, Bruce answered it, “His last name is Rogers.”
Something tells him the man did not think this through.
He’s not the only one feeling like that though, but that person’s not there, and it seems like he won’t be for a while. It wasn’t really his fault he feels like he’ll never catch up with everyone when he’s all alone. A part of him keeps telling him that he should try, but another part of him was telling him he couldn’t.
Steve just stared at him. “Natasha’s in there,” he said as if he was elaborating the world’s last hope for world peace.
It was one of those moments where Thor wasn’t with them, hence the absence of Loki. Therefore, for some reasons Tony thought it’d be best to spend it gossiping, much to Steve’s chagrin. Tony claimed it was for Thor’s well-being, Bruce wanted to point out that his statement has a few (a lot) of holes in it, but decided against it.
Thor beamed before pocketing his phone. “Indeed I am! This is wonderful! I have finally made a friend!”
Clint on the other hand, “The fuck is Captain for?”
Bruce was ready to run and lock himself in his room, so what if the T.V. went missing, Steve’s the only one who uses it anyway.
Peggy turned to him and stared incredulously. “Steve, we’ll be moving from pencils to charcoals, to pastels and then we’ll move to paints, and we would still be drawing apples and bananas.”
Tony opened his mouth only bite his tongue, he had almost mentioned his mother, which was the last thing he needs at the moment.
“Of course, we’re doing this now,” Loki drawled even when his face was mushed on Thor’s chest. “Last time we had a reunion you screamed at me.”
“Hey,” She called at the pizza delivery boy, which he didn’t hear, hence for the heavy arm pat Thor gave him.
“But you wouldn’t.”
“He didn’t specify,” Natasha said. “But remember the time at the bathroom floor where he literally said that he was ignorant, where everything was already at its worst before he realized it?”
If he hadn’t stayed in the kitchen, Bruce wondered if he would have taken part in this funny interaction—well as much interaction as it would get. Even though he hadn’t seen them all together, seeing that there are actual people living in the building, Bruce found himself not feeling like he’s alone anymore.
He also creates his own nest, a nest of dirty clothes and piles of junk in his room. Not that he’s a couch potato or anything, but to him, having a clean room doesn’t feel like you own it, having it muddled up shows that it's yours.
And no, it’s not because of Steve’s ridiculous clockwork habit, it’s because of Steve’s strange presence. Bruce couldn’t actually pinpoint it very well, but the way Steve stood, walk, talk—or just the way he held himself, something in him just screams, well, America. It’s like every time he’s in the room, Bruce found himself wanting to sing the national anthem or salute like a military soldier.
“He’s my brother.”
“He was obviously teaching the method wrong, and he’s just embarrassed that he’s been teaching it wrongly for the past sixteen years he’s been a professor.”
Ok, no, actually, he’d rather not talk to him.
“What’s the difference?”
Thor must’ve thought it was a good idea to hold it and just hand it over once he got an answer,
Natasha, being the only person to suddenly get what was happening, only rolled her eyes but threw the keys at Tony which he effortlessly caught.
Clint found himself running his ass across campus trying to catch his next class after realizing he had overslept in the archery range. After doing a few shots, he decided to take a nap, only to actually spend the next few hours sleeping.
“Sorry,” he said as he accidentally bumped with a man on his phone—three a.m. and some people are still awake… or finally awake. Apparently people barely sleeps in this place.
“Did I do something?” Tony asked.
Steve sighed. “You’ll get along with be Bucky,” he said. “He used to tell me the same thing.”
“Wait,” Loki said when Thor started putting him in the car, “We’re actually going to listen to a person named after a condiment?”
. “Like, do we have a bathroom schedule or something?”
Steve slept with the image of the Tupperware and a note that says:
“You wooing someone?”
“Should I say yes or no?” Tony asked.
Lunch with Loki could be counted as eventful, he never knew a kid that young could even think that amount of words to insult a sandwich.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know which brand is better. I mean they’re both cheap, but there’s cheap with good quality and cheap with awful qualities.”
After so long, Steve believed he can still start again, like really start again.
Bruce, like any other day, pushed his stuff at the side to make way at the mountains of blueprints Tony carries with him in a daily basis. Honestly, Bruce was pretty sure that  ninety-eight percent of it were not even school-related.
The red-haired lady came down the stairs and left through the door just like that in a span of ten seconds. He started to wonder if she’s really a real ghost.
Bruce sat awkwardly on the armchair he was sharing with Natasha, who was pointedly not looking at him, but at the kid sitting on the middle of the floor. He’s not aware of a lot of things, but he’s pretty sure Thor’s the reason why the atmosphere in the room was suffocating as he glared down at his brother.
“It sorta just happened,” Bruce said, sounding more like a question than an answer.
Comments and Kudos are much appreciated. And If you like, leave some ideas that you'd like to see in this story, maybe I'll end up liking it and putting it in.
“Right,” Bruce said, suddenly wanting to go back to bed, only to remember why he got up in the first place. “I’m just gonna go pee now.”
Tony plopped down on the seat across from him and started to rant about ungrateful professors who couldn’t accept the fact that a student had outsmarted them as he scribbled something down on his not so neat notes.
Sighing, Tony threw his phone on his bed and wiped his grease-covered fingers on his pants.
“I pick pockets for a living,” Clint nonchalantly informed all of them, earning all eyes on him. “Well no, I used to work in a circus for a living,” He corrected raising his index finger, as if reminiscing. “I only pick pockets for extra cash.”
Tonight would be his chance to apologize and actually get his social life going, and maybe it’ll help him forget for a little while. He really wants to get it off without anything bad happening.
Thor looked around before turning back to Natasha, “I believe he’s not back yet.”
. Everyone needs to stop acting like they understand her situation.
Steve nodded, noting it down, before staring back at the two packets he was still holding. “I still don’t know which of this two should I buy.”
Bruce doesn’t usually jump to conclusion, but what normal person would move and eat an ungodly amount of pop tarts at the break of dawn.
He glanced at the wall clock Tony had placed near the stairs and stared: it was too early for any class to start.
Steve shrugged and grabbed a few pencils off the shelf. He’s not sure if it’s a good brand, he hasn't done any research, but it’s the cheapest so far and his wallet isn’t having the time of its life after spending too much on food. “I don’t know, it’s been a while since I last used a pencil as a medium. I’m kinda looking forward to it.”
Taking the risk, Bruce took a step closer, “You know, you always act so high and mighty,” he said as he continued to step forward. Eyebrows furrowed, Loki stayed rooted on his spot.
Everyone just stared at him, except for Natasha who continued to stare at her phone.
Bruce wanted to laugh humorlessly because what the hell? He’s not Loki, he doesn’t even know the kid, how would he know where he would go if he ran away?
“I’m starting to think you’re just making things up along the way.”
Thinking that the conversation was over, Steve was about to take a step back when Natasha spoke “Thor’s fun to talk with, you should try sometime.”
No one asked why was he on the streets, why wasn’t he at home, what happened and why are they so tense around each other? Aren’t they supposed to be brothers, sure there’s instances where they’re not close and it’s just plain awkward around each other, but this is different. Loki was adamantly ignoring Thor, that everyone can safely assume, and Thor was… he was trying.
Bruce chuckled before standing up “I don’t think that’s necessary, besides, I don’t really care anymore. I mean with you here, there’s only four of us, who knows maybe the next two won’t be much of a ghost.” He patted his hands down his jeans, “Anyway, you should probably unpack. Welcome to building A by the way.”
“Yeah, sure,” Tony shrugged, the guy may not know he’s a Stark and probably owns at least one gadget with his name on it, he might as well just take the offer. “Help me move this big one then.”
“Yeah, but it’s
“Episode?” Steve said remembering Bucky.
Glancing around, Bruce frowned. Six people and the place still feels like he’s living alone.
The kid scrunched his eyebrows and studied Clint before grabbing the burger and taking a bite out of it. “You’re in distress,” He stated. “Did something happened?”
Steve stumbled back, his right eye burning from the hit as he tasted blood, though he was pretty sure it wasn’t his blood. For a guy like Bruce, he could really pack a punch. Steve’ could vaguely hear Clint cursing from the background.
Bruce sighed through his nose and deposited the rumpled set of papers at the table before glowering at it. “At least I can still read it,” he said somewhat defeated before diving back to chaos, which was his mess of a bag.
Before she could leave though, she grinned when she heard Tony’s words. “That woman can be scary as hell.”
“Why were you riding a hoverboard?” Steve asked, staring at the broken machinery.
Natasha continued to stare at the weird painting hanging behind her therapist. It wasn’t famous, but staring at it was way better than looking at him.
If you guys haven't noticed, I'm giving each character a chapter, something I thought was a great idea at first. then I realized I have no freaking idea how to write Thor Hahahahaha. so if I ended up writing Tony's POV next, don't be surprised. Though I really want to write Thor's, I just don't feel really confident.
At the other corner could possibly be the living room, considering that there were a TV and a few couches. The young man didn’t bother to stop himself from raising both his eyebrows this time. There was an empty shelf near the stairs, which looked quite out of place if he was being honest.
“I do not have time for your games, Loki!”
The lady’s eyebrows furrowed, but she was still smiling. “You serious?”
Loki snorted. “trying to get away from the lot of you.”
She swung open the fridge and immediately frowned. The first thing she saw was Tony’s milk, considering that the note taped on it was exaggeratingly big as if he was making a point—Clint should really get the memo. She didn’t know which was better, the fact that Tony moved on from using a lot of sticky notes for one milk, or the fact that he started using bigger notes than the actual object.
But in rare moments she does sleep, like tonight.
Thor blinked at him owlishly, “It’s Thor, actually.”
Steve stared at the number of blueberry muffins he had just made that night and laughed. Other people complain about stress eating, Steve seems to do the other part a lot nowadays. And he had to admit that it's definitely complain-worthy.
The guy took another loud intake of breath.
Thor, bless the big guy, even though obviously not knowing the situation, jogged to grab his bag, living the poor boy outside holding the stack of pizzas.
“Coffee then,” Jane stated.
Clint didn’t notice the kid visibly stiffening before looking down at his feet. When Clint
“Maybe,”
They stared at each other.
It took a few seconds for Bruce to realize that the guy was serious. “Um, what? No, I— sorry but, do you actually speak like that?”
Granted, Tony’s room had always been nosy at an ungodly hour ever since he moved there. But he could live with it, he could sleep through Tony’s ruckus completely unfazed, because, well, Clint’s
It’s not a bad sign then, right? But he couldn’t really help but feel a little conscious
Tony slowly turned to face him. “That’s what you get from that?”
Bruce groaned and rolled over as he pressed his face on his pillow, avoiding the prodding finger on his face.
“You should probably cross now.”
“Oh no,” Natasha grinned. “You won’t be spending your time in you room, the two of you’ll be outside in the dark for the rest of the night.”
The young man noted that he better have a big room where he could fit his own dining table.
Tony turned to where the voice had come from and saw a man standing beside the mountain of boxes. He was a few inches taller than Tony, which soured his mood even more—everyone just seemed to be taller than him, he was wearing a pair of oval-shaped glasses, a purple shirt that for some reasons works on him.
“Were you faking it?” Bruce found himself slightly shaking his head and Thor beamed. “Well then, I should leave you to your doings.”
“Is anyone expecting company?” Bruce asked.
Days passed, she realized she was currently living with two other males, one of which was actually decent at hiding (Read: decent). She caught him spying on her when she was exiting the bathroom on her first night. When she moved in, she wasn’t expecting for a third one to move in so quickly—or for anyone to move in earlier than her actually. Classes don’t start for a month, and yet here they are.
Clint doesn't like sleepless nights
Thor’s eyebrows shot up. “Positive?”
He blinked, suddenly lost of words. “Uh, hi?”
"Testing a theory,” He explained.
Loki closed his eyes and sighed. “Fix myself, huh,” he muttered, and without looking back, he headed straight for the doors, with Thor fumbling behind him. His posture was stiff, but it was a start.
Sitting up, she made a mental note to buy a pair of earplugs—because apparently the guy still makes a racket even when class already started, and grabbed her slippers. Opening her door, she glared at Tony’s bedroom in front of her before throwing one of her sleepers at the closed door.
It was one of those complex where you easily forget, like how you see every person crossing the road, only to forget them the moment you look away. No one really knew what it should look like, all they know is that the building was forced to finish on short notice. Which led to its final product: looking like a weird structure.
“Did you actually believe I’m like this due to my own accords?” Loki laughed ignoring Bruce, this time hysterical, and Bruce didn’t know what to do, he was never built for this kind of conversation. “He’s a self centered bastard who’s willing to leave me behind to frolic with people who hates me, a selfish person who couldn’t even see that he was leaving me behind when he promised that he’ll always be there! So don’t even go and express me he meant to do good!”
He had just concluded that he was actually living with weird people when an unfamiliar man walked down the stairs. He was rubbing one of his eyes, yawning, wearing nothing but a pair of boxers and a very tight tank top. Both of his ears were sporting some small purple device, but his hair kept getting in the way before Bruce could make out what it was.
Natasha swore Tony’s nose flared. “I am not a carpenter, I’m a mechanic you dick.”
“I was about to leave an apple.” The frown deepened when she realized she answered her therapist’s question.
“I see,” they wrote something down as Natasha clicked her tongue. “So you’ve been sleeping well, you didn’t mention that last time.”
Just like that, Steve immediately padded towards the bathroom.
Surprisingly, all of Steve’s belongings were in that one box. For a big guy, he barely owns anything, contradicting Tony’s mountain of belongings.
Steve furiously shut the faucet off.
Loki ended up staying with them and moving into Thor’s room while the other decided to claim the couch downstairs. Claiming that if Loki takes the couch, the door was literally a few feet away, and obviously Loki has tendencies of running away. And if no one would be left at the building, Thor would drag him along in his classes.
Bruce didn’t have enough time to think what just happened, he himself being dragged out of his room by Natasha, holding his arm tightly just above his injury. He silently thanked that it was dark enough to cover his slowly reddening face.
She likes to think it was the latter.
Meanwhile, the new tenant isn’t so bad. Steve doesn’t shut himself in his room 24/7, but he does spend a lot of time
Thor opened his mouth to say something, but the lady (Thor assumed as Natasha) dropped her bag on the kitchen counter before dropping down on one of the armchairs.
Clint was the first one to discover the building, the first to snag a room, the first to move in, the first to start the sudden tradition of sticky notes, and also the first to drink Tony’s carton of milk (thinking it was his before he realized his name wasn’t on it—though once he started it he can’t really stop himself).
Tony blinked, then slowly, a smile started to creep up his face. He had no idea what the hell just happened, but he can’t say he hated it. Turning back to Bruce, who still looked a little confused, Tony went back to their previous conversation as if the little shenanigan moments ago hadn’t happened. “So yeah, I’m actually taking my Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering.”
Also, if any of have noticed, there are finally relationship tags! But, yeah, if you have any recommendations with what other good pairings to add, I don't mind adding them if I think it'll work. Don't worry guys, I don't bite.
Jane sighed again. “Then give them gifts, like flowers or chocolates, show them you’re interested,” a pause “but do it one person at a time.” She could only imagine the horror if Thor asks all of them (whoever they are) out, it’s not really easy to start a polyamory relationship, especially in Thor’s state.
Tony gave him a weird look. “What the hell were you dreaming?”
The fact that SHIELD University wasn’t all that strict with the first-years-needs-to-live-in-campus rule didn’t help with the fact that the reason Natasha even went to college was to ‘get to know other people’.
“Yeah”
underwear that Tony left sprawled in the bathroom for everyone to see.
He was ignored.
Everyone flinched back, except for Natasha who was looking at him with a calculating look. “Dude,” Clint started, but thought better of it and decided not to finish whatever it is that he’s about to say.
On her first day, she did her best not to be seen by anyone. She didn’t own a lot of stuff, so it was easy to move in without getting that much attention. She picked the farthest room on the right wall, considering that it was the only room that had two windows. It’s not that she likes windows, it’s just nice to think that if she ever needed to leave immediately she has two ways out.
Bruce shrugged. “My whole life’s never been normal,” he said. “So I don’t really know.”
No one noticed, well, except for Natasha.
“I SAID I’M FINE!” Bruce screamed, taking three angry steps forward.
Slowly, the kid dragged his eyes up at Clint, and he was furious. Apparently the previous glares that Clint always receives were quite tame, even though he’s pretty sure it could kill bunnies.
She ignored him, suddenly realizing why it popped into her head.
The guy blinked. “I beg your pardon?"
“Loki ran away,” Natasha said without looking back, and honestly, he was already expecting it, but that doesn’t mean he can’t be surprised from it. As they started to descend the stairs, Bruce noticed that everyone was awake and a very sleep deprived Tony was nursing a cup of coffee.
Thor blinked.
the subject of the argument, you know, the Justin Hammer part, then it kinda snowballed from there.”
He was getting dirtier, but it haven’t reached a degree where filthy was better a use for describing him. That was why Clint was able to drag the kid inside McDonald’s.
“Oh I’m sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt your starring competition with Casper the friendly ghost.” Clint snapped. And for once, Steve get that, though it went over his head a little.
Clint turned sharply towards Tony and pointed an accusing finger. “And I told you a hundred times that I don’t give a fuck if you ain’t watching tonight!”
Blinking for a few moments, Tony quickly grabbed his clothes from the counter and hastily went up to his room. Grabbing his phone on his bed, Tony called Pepper.
Steve just shoved a pair of boxers at Tony, well more specifically, Tony’s boxers.
“Rogers, right?”
Apparently, she didn’t.
But if she was being honest with herself, the only reason why she was having an internal war between leaving a note or not was because of the same reason she couldn’t really leave an apple in the fridge.
That morning, he realized something. He doesn’t know them, any of them.
“I like the noise,” He replied drinking in his own coffee, “It’s soothing.”
Jane looked a little stunned. “Really, just like that?”
Then again, even in his situation, Loki would still find things to complain about or insult. Unlike Thor, he’s a guy you could impress pretty easily, contrary to Loki who wouldn’t be impressed to anything unless he made it himself.
And it was right, she was scared.
“I’m Bruce, I also live here.” He said about to raise his hand for a shake but decided not to. The guy could probably crush his fingers in one go.
Tony opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out, so he closed it instead. And for once in his life, Tony actually felt his face flushing. He cleared his throat, suddenly wishing he had burned all of his Captain America memorabilia that he, for some reason, never grew out off.
Steve mentally slapped himself when he saw the amount of spaghetti he ended up making. Maybe next time he shouldn’t get too distracted and end up using all of the ingredients. And here he thought he’ll be able to make the ingredients last for at least a few days.
Thor blinked, now that he thought about it. “But you wouldn’t, yes?”
“NO!” Clint and Tony answered.
Okay, maybe he was avoiding him at some point.
“No, you listen.” He dropped the pen he was holding and leaned back on his seat. “I’m not good with people, I’m good with faking it in front of people, but other than that, none.”
Or maybe he’s just too pathetic.
But the event was immediately cut short when they heard the telltale sounds of an upcoming car. Soon, Bruce was staring at a black SUV and a grumbling red head got out of it.
Natasha stood silently as the others continued to talk over each other. Apparently, she was wrong, the silence previously was because of an entirely different reason. Usually, when she’s wrong she hated it, and yet at the moment, though hating the fact that she had concluded was wrong, she still had to bite back the smile threatening to worms its way out.
“I like pineapples.”
Peggy stared at Steve, who was shuffling on his spot, before hitching up her bag. “Nope, I’m fine. I wanna tag along.”
“Uh, yes, we do,” Steve finally answered scratching his nape, “And you are?” Bruce noticed his tendencies on acting like a leader, he found himself not bothered by it but was rather thinking about future dispute with Tony, something tells him Tony’s the kind of person that always plays by his own rules.
Banner paused, and for a minute Tony wondered what he said wrong. It was a joke, it was obviously a joke,
Clint shrugged and put on his hearing aids, the boy tracking his movements. Come to think of it, the boy never asked him about his hearing aids. “Let’s put it this way. You’re in a group of superheros.”
There was an awkward moment of silence between the three of them, until the uninvited guest frowned and oddly enough, he stepped out of the door and stared at the building before returning back inside, as if making sure he’s at the right place.
“He’s my brother.”
The grocery store started blasting of some song that Steve wasn’t aware off, some upbeat music that seemed like the thing that would get a lot of attention, and Peggy’s attention was stirred. There was a a three second pause before Peggy visibly slumped.
“I will when you give me a real explanation why you’re letting me live in this, this, this—god Pepper, I don’t even know what this is! Is it a dorm? A house? Jesus.” Tony peeked out the door and glanced the owner, only to see him playing on his phone.
Looking back, the action makes sense. You have to live with five different strangers, it was normal to label your own stuff. But she just couldn’t find herself including in.
The next morning, after having another long jog, Steve entered the usual empty building that he currently lives in. No one was there as usual, to his dismay, even no matter how big the event that happened last night. It’s not like things will change between all of then in an instant. They’re not yet friends after all.
Bruce glanced around, noting that the pretty lady, who was apparently Thor’s friend, Jane, was sitting awkwardly at one of the stools, probably feeling more awkward than him. He couldn’t help but note that she was avoiding to make eye contact to everyone, but chose to examine her hands instead.
“You okay there?”
“Then buy both,” she said, as if it was the most obvious solution. Which, in retrospect, really is.
“Oooh, last name, so scary Smith.”
“If your reason to leave is just because you’re not normal, then I’m gonna start packing my bags,” Clint explained in a shrug, Steve only stared at him, he didn’t have enough time to grasp the situation when Tony spoke.
Thor sighed, “Yes.”
The lady looked amused. “Weird school,” she muttered.
“It’s pizza!” Thor called.
Bruce yelped as two hands grabbed both of his ankles and pulled him off his bed. Face planting on the cold floor was never a good way to wake up, never. “Fuck,” he muttered.
When she came back hours later, she was holding an apple. Glancing around, she grabbed the note she previously made, her name visible on the pale paper, and stuck it on the red apple.
He continued to chew and stare blankly ahead when he spotted an uncanny looking guy, probably a few years younger than him, glaring at the hotdog stand where Clint had bought his lunch. The boy was dressed like he just grabbed the first thing he saw on someone’s clothesline—coming from a person who used to actually do that in a weekly basis, Clint can vouch for that assumption, or maybe a neon green blouse and plaid slacks is his type of style —and one look on the guy’s hair, Clint knew no one bothered to introduce shampoo and conditioner on the poor guy, it’s like his hair was soaked in oil for three years..
Thor did.
At times, he’ll end up with Banner or Thor in the kitchen. He’ll think that it’s the perfect time to talk, to get to know them, but a small part of him was begging everyone to leave and ignore him. Most of the time Banner just leaves without a word, which Steve finds annoying and relieving at the same time.
“It’s the same thing.”
And just like that, Bruce had a hunch on where Loki might be, he crossed his fingers and hoped that he was right. Standing up, he made a run for it.
Bruce blinked.
A young man stared at the said building, a slight pinch of disgust plastered on his face. The façade was covered with posters, a few graffiti here and there, and he swore something—or someone, was looking at him through one of the windows. The place may look okay for others but not to him, or maybe he’s just pissed at something else.
Even the owner calls it Building A.
Thor smiled. “Indeed, I am,” he said as they reached the other side of the road.
Clint dropped whatever it is he was holding on the counter and smiled smugly at Tony. “Got your stupid Back To The Future.”
“Let go of me!” The kid threw him a few punches, tried to kick Clint on the groin, but it wasn’t really doing anything. Clint’s not proud with being a thief and all, but the experience did help him towards similar situations like this.
“No it’s okay, I think I’ll just—” Bruce said, trying his best to take the napkin from Jane and deal with his own bleeding nose himself.
It was fortunate enough that the kitchenette had an oven, but that doesn’t mean he’ll make excessive amounts of pies. Just because there was a news about a plane crash doesn’t mean he’ll bake at an ungodly hour and lose his concentration on the process. He’s not rich for heaven’s sake, he should be using his money wisely.
Before going to class, Clint had taped a long bond paper on the fridge, words written in huge letters. He’s not angry, that’s just how he writes, not angry at all.
Exams just ended and even though I lost most of my brain cells, I'm still glad it's finally over. So, as  a celebration, here's a new chapter.
“Music?” Steve asked confused then listened at the up beat music playing from the speakers. “It’s not that bad.”
“Gee, thanks for the support Pep,” Tony had said.
Tony stared at him, enough for the other man to feel awkward. He scanned the area, and when he realized that the man was really just giving him some assistance—not an undercover reporter or something, he realized he doesn’t have a clue who he was. Granted, his fame isn’t really Kim Kardashian level, people barely even know if Bill gates even had a child.
Bruce didn’t bother asking why.
“It’s short for Captain.”
“I was expecting you’ll make another empty piece.”
As he stared at his painting, he realized he's been painting the things that had been happening around him. For the longest time, he felt as if nothing was happening, that his life was a never-ending routine, ending with empty paintings after empty paintings. But now, living in that small building doesn’t seem so sad anymore.
“Like you said, Thor… he’s sent here as a punishment, right?” Bruce said. “How about you?” Rehab of course, though Loki doesn’t knew that. What Loki doesn’t know wouldn’t heart.
Clint stared at the two notes sticking on the fridge.
There was another long pause as Tony realized what he had just gotten himself into “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
As soon as his eyes landed on the note taped on the fridge, he was dead set on ignoring it and just go find his hearing aid. But it was nowhere.
Tomorrow… He’s been saying that a lot.
“I don’t have friends,” She answered not amused by the stereotyping.
He padded down the stairs, and as expected, he was greeted with an empty living room. Not that he was expecting for any of the other tenants to be there, but ever since that little marathon last night, (was it even last night? Or was it this morning? He was pretty sure he called it a night at about a quarter to eight, but he was never aware of time so who the fuck knows?) a very small—and disgustingly cringy—part of him was expecting for the place to change up a bit. But, of course, thing don’t change overnight.
He then proceeded to grab some mugs, even more aware of Natasha looming behind him. Even with the proclamation with helping him with making tea, she doesn’t seem to show any indication that she’ll actually do it considering how she only stood there with her arms crossed over her chest. Bruce leaned his hips on the counter as he waited for the water to boil, having no idea if he should just ignore her piercing stare or start up a conversation.
The feeling was still there, but one look at Thor’s large handwriting on one of the pop tart boxes, he knew he’s not really living alone. Grinning, Bruce wondered if he should start placing in some food in the fridge with his own sticky notes.
He never really hid the fact that he was deaf, but he never really showed it. Out of all the people who should know about his disability, it should be Bruce—being that he’s the only one he ever met face to face. But either he kept quiet or that he didn’t notice.
“You ain’t going anywhere.”
“It’s like he didn’t want to meet me, Jane,” Thor told the brunette beside him before taking a huge bite off his burger. Strange at it sounds, the street where they first met became their usual hang out spot.
He stuffed his hands in pockets, Steve knew this move, he watched it in some kind of movie before. Natasha is trying to play safe. “Do you know something?”
“Or maybe coke?” The boy immediately tensed. “Mary Jane? Brown Tape? Was that right, they call Heroin Brown Tape, right?”
Rather than finding it annoying, Natasha found it rather amusing. She decided to watch how things would turn out, because the longer she stayed, she realized that she was right.
Natasha raised an eyebrow, he didn’t know if she’s telling him to continue or daring him to continue because, honestly speaking, Bruce isn’t good at reading people, especially if he’s reading her.
There was a moment of silence where everyone tried to decode what Pepper just said, then Clint started snickering from his seat.
Steve turned and stared at him before remembering to answer. “Yes.”
“I’m new here and I have no idea what is it that I should do,” Thor immediately said before losing his chance, Clint immediately shut his mouth, his jaw clicking. “I tried everything and until now I have not been able to converse with anyone,” he paused. “Except for one, but she was the one to reach out, not me. I don’t know this place and I just really want to fit in.”
Yes, he’s fully aware that they don’t talk, they don’t call or text each other, heck they don’t even know each other’s phone number. But looking back at their conversations through their notes, it’s as if they’ve known each other long enough, and not the kind of people where when they see each other they immediately run the opposite direction.
“I’m not asking you to reconcile with your brother, I don’t know what’s going on inside your head—could be anything, but we have a six foot blond mass of muscles panicking because of you. You got yourself a second chance, it’s your turn to give it to your brother. And on the way there, you might wanna need some help.”
But that night, Tony had successfully made the deaf wide awake with his racket. He was making such a commotion, Clint’s whole room was vibrating. And since he had never actually shown himself to anyone, (except for Bruce who he didn’t notice standing in the kitchen staring at him one morning, then again he was bound to slip at least ones) he decided to keep it that way, for now. Even if the urge to bang on Tony’s door was so strong it could rival the Hulk.
He told them those things to calm Bruce down, to make him realize that no one’s rattled or teriffied of him, that he’s not the worst person in the room. And Clint wanted to kick himself when he only registered the fact that he had just told everyone the freak that he was.
The young man’s eyes grew twice from its normal size. “I did what?”
Clint isn’t really the quiet type, just like any other birds, he’s actually chirpy. But after living with a girl who you actually just saw ones, and it was morning in an ungodly hour, he found himself, well, quiet.
“Thanks,” Bruce sat down across from Tony as he started to arrange his stuff, well, tried to.
Hey ya'll! Happy Valentines, hope you all had a great Holiday 'cause i certainly did. And no, I don't have boyfriend, yes I went on a date, no it wasn't romantic, yes it was a friend.
“I haven’t even started on my coffee yet,” Thor pouted, and by started, he meant that he hadn’t even picked a mug yet.
That same morning, Bruce walked down the stairs and saw an empty living room, it’s like the guy was never there.
Before anything else could happen, Natasha slammed the note at the fridge and hurriedly left for her class.
“Well that didn’t work,” Bruce muttered backing up as the stranger stood up, only to find that whoever this is was way bigger than Steve, and Steve was already huge.
What Tony did next was not what he was expecting, he smirked and Bruce must have blinked too much to be even considered as a normal human reaction. “ Sorry Brucie bear, but I’m pretty normal myself.”
“Uh, can I sit here?”
Tony bit back a snort. "And he's listening," He said and Bruce gave him a look that could rival a confused tourist. "I was joking, who the hell even takes a Master's degree at nineteen?"
Movie nights with Loki is a nightmare, there was one time Clint decided to lock him in the bathroom.
“It’s Steve actu—”
I promise, give this story a chance because I have never been this excited whenever I thought of a story.
Jane blinked, not really expecting the sudden kind of question. She just met the guy the other day, and this is literally the second time they talked. Then again, she did just gave him her number. “You interested in someone?”
Groaning, Natasha opened her nightstand drawer and grabbed the pair of earplugs she managed to buy that morning. Now she understood why Bruce gave up on Tony, he just doesn’t listen.
Steve stared at the pie he just made and groaned.
Jane did her best to hide her smile at the big Golden Retriever in front of her. “Hm, first is you need to act like seeing him or her—okay, them—doesn’t bother you
“Hey, don’t fucking include me, I’m eating here.”
Steve blinked, then blinked again, before blinking some more. “Ex… girlfriend…” he said.
It was never supposed to get out, it was supposed to be a secret, but thanks to the news, tabloids, and the paparazzi, things turned for the worse. Howard called it a punishment, Tony called it a way to make it seem like he’s not his son.
Tony rolled his eyes and continued to stab his food. “For the record, I’m way smarter than him.” Then he paused, as if to realize something. “And you know this because?”
“Are we friends now?” Thor asked.  He was still holding the flowers because Clint wasn’t grabbing it for some reasons.
Anyway, this is the longest chapter yet and I hope all of you enjoyed. Ignore the grammatical errors, I was too lazy to check them.
“I was about to do something but I stopped myself.”
“Well this is eventful.”
Tony slammed his head on the wall, ignoring the startled yelp from the owner. “Tell me this is not one of your stupid ideas, please. This is a whole new level of betrayal.”
