“That is never good coming from a drunk guy,” Dean laughed, walking with his brother into the house.
Dean texted back with a laugh.
Dr. Mills looked over at the now teenager sitting in the chair on the other side of her desk. He never looked anyone in the eyes, always looking to his hands, his feet or the floor. It had been six years and still, no one had been able to break through to him. But Dr. Mills never stopped trying. Part of it because it was her job and another part because, somewhere deep down inside, she knew that he could be saved. He was just a scared child.
“I love you,” Dean says.
[Cas] I don’t really know how to explain it completely.
“Remove your clothes,” Castiel instructed.
[angelofthursday] The next sequel to my book.
“Told you?” Dean asked, suddenly taking over as the talkative parent. “What did she tell you?”
[greeneyedhunter] You left me no other choice.
Know what for sure?
Dean couldn’t help but blush at Castiel’s words.
What? With who?
“Hey man, no problem,” Dean patted Castiel on the shoulder. “Maybe next time.”
Once they were all settled in, Balthazar started making burgers on his portable grill. Dean would have been excited about this part, except, the entire time he cooked, he was talking to Castiel and not in a way in which Dean appreciated. Dean knew for certain that Balthazar was into Cas and working hard to make it known.
[greeneyedhunter] I like women equally as much as I like men.
“I can’t,” Dean stated.
“What is that?” Dean was finally able to ask in return.
“Ten minutes with only the use of enough water to keep it down,” Castiel smiles.
“And like I said dear,” she continued on with her calm words, which only made Dean angrier, “you can break the spell.”
Dean thought it over for a second and then stepped in front of the mirror. Once he took all of himself in, he grimaced slightly. He used to enjoy seeing himself in the mirror but now it was just a reminder of how badly he had let himself go. Why would Castiel want to remind him of all of this?
Hey Cas?
[greeneyedhunter] Which would be?
That seemed to be enough to get Dean’s attention. He’d had enough noise complaints because of his music, he didn’t need another one and Castiel selfishly used that to his advantage. Hopefully, the neighbors were not truly angry with him. He didn’t want this mess to be the reason Dean also lost his apartment, as shitty as the apartment was.
“Sent us this letter,” Castiel interrupts, holding a letter up for the camera to see.
“Really?” Dean laughed. “Mr. Holy Tax Accountant loved math in school? I never would have taken you for a numbers man.”
Cas gave him a smile and then walked away, leaving Dean more broken than he had began. He knew that he was having trouble admitting it but he wanted Cas. He could still remember the feeling of Cas pressed up against his body. Whether it was his Cas or not, the feelings that came from even thinking about it were strong enough to make Dean dizzy. But Cas didn't want him in that way. He could barely stand to touch Dean.
“Sorry to keep you gentlemen waiting,” a voice came in from behind them. “I had to take care of something in a classroom.”
“We did a lot of math,” Claire answered.
“You lied to me,” Dean blurted out, not really thinking over his words. He knew Castiel did not lie to him and he was making more of this than he should have, but he was drunk. Dean knew better than showing up on people’s doorsteps drunk. He had shown up on his parent’s doorstep drunk many times after Lisa died. He knew what a horrible idea it was and how it never led to anything good. “You should have been there, not her.”
Dean.
Dean moved his hands down the sides of Castiel’s body and brought them to his ass. He then gripped hard, pulling Castiel off the ground and bringing him up to sit on the workbench. Castiel leaned down, now being up higher than Dean and began to kiss at Dean’s neck and behind his ears, moving up to nibble them on occasion. Dean moaned with every bite of his flesh against Castiel’s teeth and he continued to grow more and more excited. He had to continuously reach down and adjust himself in his jeans.
Dean stepped out of his office and shook his head at Sam. Sam was younger than Dean by five years, but because Dean was noticeably shorter than his little brother, people always mistook Sam as being the older brother, sometimes they even mistook Adam as being the oldest, he got his big brothers good looks was the only reason.
“Okay,” Dean hums. “Hey, Cas?”
[greeneyedhunter] Well, she probably wasn’t wrong.
“No.”
"I don't know what you are talking about." Dean knew this was a lie.
"Why won't you stand near me?" Dean asked as he entered Cas' room and began to pace back and forth.
[angelofthursday] Yeah, well, maybe.
Dean knew he was going to take the blame for this. Castiel had always been about violence never being the answer for anything. He tried to instill that in Claire. But over the years, Dean had voiced his opinion on fighting. If someone hits you, you hit them back and you make it count. If someone is potentially going to cause you physical harm or you fear you are going to be hurt, you let them know you aren’t going to stand for it. Sometimes, letting someone know you are serious involves bringing your fists into the conversation. Castiel never agreed with this notion and had voiced his opinion about it numerous times to Dean over the years.
Dean tried not to smile but a small one broke free.
[greeneyedhunter] We are about to take a risk together.
“Such a good boy,” Castiel spoke, reaching up and running his hand through Dean’s hair. “Always my good boy.”
“I know what you mean,” She laughed. “I was supposed to go home for the summer but Sam and Jess were stuck on campus taking summer classes and somehow here I am, taking summer classes like a loser.”
“Yes, what?” Castiel asked.
Where in Kansas?
“That sucks,” Dean shook his head at Castiel. His own family was not religious but they were close. They were too close sometimes.  “I could not imagine not seeing my family every day.”
“He just had to up and send us a letter,” Dean says angrily, “and something in the mail.”
“It wouldn’t be you Cas,” Dean admits, seeming to find his voice. “Her hair was perfectly in place and not a mess on top of her head. It didn’t make me want to run my fingers through it the way I want to when I look at your hair. And her eyes, they were blue but they didn’t seem impossibly blue like the color shouldn’t even exist because it's too much for a person to look into every day.”
“Tell me I can do anything,” Dean suggests.
I think we need to talk.
“You can sit down,” Dean held back a laugh. “People are starting to stare.”
When Dean hung up the phone he quickly called and ordered a pizza. He was initially going to get the bag of chips above his fridge but since Castiel wanted pizza, he was getting pizza.
“Well, it needs to stop,” Meg yelled again, her eyes narrowing in on Dean, who was still sitting beneath the covers on Castiel’s bed. “We can’t be in a relationship if you are doing this.”
Wow good?
“Please,” Dean begged again. “Please.”
Dean ate his dinner, the whole time looking over at the bed across from him. It reminded him of home. His little brother and he used to share a room, their beds about the same distance as the beds in this room. Dean remembered hating having to share a room with his little brother. But now, he would give anything to have Sam sleeping across from him, asking him stupid questions when all Dean wanted to do was sleep.
When did you realize that you were gay?
[555-4033 | You] I'll make it happen.
I hope to see you there.
“Drink some water,” Dean finally speaks, pointing to Castiel’s water cup as he grabs for his own, “to keep it down.”
“Yeah,” Dean hesitates on the other end. “I guess I didn’t really notice what time it was. I’ll let you get back to sleep.”
Even though Cas could see that Dean was slightly put off by her name appearing, he does his job and continues.
He quickly made his way forward. He knew if he stopped for every person, they would surely guilt him into buying things he didn't want or need. He didn't need food or clothes. He didn't need anything really but that did not stop him from wanting. He wanted rare, unique and intriguing things. Things that he could hide with the rest of his collection back home.
“Yes,” Dean nodded. “I am not saying it will be sex, but I want to make you feel good too.”
Castiel does not want to be at work. Normally, he loves his job and all that they do but today is not one of those days. Today, his crew has concluded that they are going to be eating a Carolina Reaper. They have done pepper challenges in the past and even eaten the Ghost Pepper, which is still in his memory as one of the worst days of his entire life. So, how had they gotten to this point again? Maybe the world was out to get him since he is now truly happy for the first time in a long time.
[angelofthursday] I just enjoy being alone.
"I would like that Dean." Cas smiled over at him. "I would like that a lot."
[Cas] Hey, are you up?
I’m coming now.
Castiel pulled back the paper only to find that Dean had also gotten him a book.
“You need a ride man?” Dean asked him, quickly standing up. “I could really use a good reason to get out of this party.”
“Babe?” Dean yelled through the house as he came in through the front door.
“Please,” Dean begged.
“Is that not what you do?” Dean asked curiously, not really sure what it meant to teach religion.
[Cas] But, it’s also the wrong decision.
[greeneyedhunter] But I am from Kansas. What about you?
Dean was nowhere and everywhere at the same time. How long had he been lying here? Where was Castiel? He wanted to speak out and ask but it was as if he had forgotten how to speak. Was he speaking?
He wanted to protect him, not just from Michael, but from the evils in the world. It was probably Michael's fault that the poor thing was injured. With all the changes to the Kingdom that Michael had made, people had resulted to desperate measures for survival. Castiel did not know a lot about fairies but he did know they were rare and magical creatures.
Lying in bed.
Bobby finally told me to put it off and we would give it another look tomorrow.
The night went on decently after that. Castiel arrived, bringing more beer and the pizza showed up shortly after. They ate and drank while watching re-runs of parks and recreation. It was always Dean’s favorite show to watch with Castiel since he worked for the parks department. Castiel, admitted at one point, that he too found the show to be funny, even though it was not accurate to his job.
“I’m surprised you guys only have two,” Dean laughed. “The way Bobby is, you would think you would have made a whole baseball team.”
“Do we call each other boyfriends?” Dean gave Cas a small smile, trying to remove whatever fear he was currently feeling. The smile that spread across Cas’ face proved Dean’s success. “Or are we just dating and we will talk more about that later? Are we dating?”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes heavily into the phone. “I want to pull you to me and down onto my lap, those crazy strong thighs of yours straddling me. Then use it to hold you firmly against me as I … as I…”
“I am sorry that it took me so long to get here,” Castiel whispered over a sleeping Dean. He had completely become human a little over three years ago. Castiel had chosen Dean over everything else. Dean needed him and maybe he needed Dean just as much. That meant that it took him longer to do things. He could not pop in and out of nowhere. Worst of all, he could no longer heal Dean. He chose Dean and now he was losing him. Had he made the wrong decision?
[angelofthursday] Unfortunately. Though, mainly I just watch the other conversations.
Dean took a few deep breaths before pulling out his phone. He did not know why he was so nervous to make the call. It was not like he was asking some chick out on a date, he was just calling a dude that he met recently, for a beer. There was no harm in that. He just did not really know this guy and was unsure if it was alcohol that made the guy give him his card or if he really wanted to hang out sometime. Even when it came to making friends, Dean was getting rusty.
Cas reached out and pulled Dean into him again, their mouths connecting this time around.
“Yes,” Dean moans. “Fuck your fist for me. Imagine my hand, my mouth, my ass. Imagine every part of me that your cock could be fucking into. Make me yours.”
[greeneyedhunter] Can I know what it is? I would love to read your books.
“I am sure you won’t let me.”
A sound alerted back. Sam was probably telling him that he hated him too and couldn’t wait to see him or something along those lines. If you did not know they were brothers, you would think from their text messages that they did not really like each other. But what were brothers for?
“Would it be okay if I stayed to help?” Castiel questioned. “I can do research and see if I spot something that you may have missed.”
“Okay,” Castiel swivels himself around in his chair, never losing eye contact with the camera. “Whenever we feel like we just can’t bring ourselves to read what is on our cards, we can tap out.
Yeah. This jerk of a brother I have never lets me forget.
“It kind of smells like death,” Castiel adds. “I’m serious.”
“Cas,” Charlie interjects again. “Why don’t you start us off.”
Castiel’s tongue found his skin again, starting at his ankle and making his way up Dean’s leg until it reached his thighs. He licked and bit at his now overly sensitive skin, causing what Dean assumed was a whimper but he couldn’t tell for sure if he was making noise or not. All he could hear was the sound of his heart pounding in his chest. Along with the silk surrounding his skin and the smell of apple pie. He was lost. And now Castiel’s mouth was wrapped around his cock.
Dean tried to fight the jealousy that bubbled in his stomach. He couldn’t stand the thought of Cas with one of those women. If Cas was going to sleep with anyone, it needed to be someone better, someone worth Cas.
"Winchester.”
“And turn it into Lava,” Dean continues. “And I can swallow it.”
“They might hear us,” Dean warned as he dropped to his knees in front of Cas.
Dean doesn’t seem to be listening to him anymore. He begins to bounce around on his feet before stopping at the back wall and punching it. He doesn’t hit it hard enough to knock anything down or put a hole in the wall, but Castiel knows he would have if he knew it would not cause Charlie to get angry at him for ruining the set. Dean screams at his lack of ability to destroy everything around him.
Once he got himself cleaned up, Dean made his way into the diner. He assumed that is where this person was located since it was Benny who called for him and not Jody, Bobby’s wife and the one who worked the front desk on Tuesdays. Jody was the Sheriff of this town but when she had her one day off, she helped in the shop. Dean had offered to hire someone else, but he knew that she enjoyed the work. If there was one person in this world who didn’t know how to take a day off and kick up her feet, it was Jody Mills.
“You don’t love me like, love me.”
Once Dean was done in the shower and changed into his pajamas, they took their spot on the ground in front of the tree. Castiel was nervous again. He knew that he picked out the right things but he always wanted things to be perfect and there was always the off chance that Dean did not like something he got him. He was especially nervous about the gift for them to do together.
Castiel made his way with his hand down to his stomach and then to his sides, grabbing hold of Dean’s hips tightly between his fingers.
“Here we have Bella Talbot,” Sam pointed to a brunette sitting in a corner chair, slowly drinking whatever it was in her cup. She had long brown hair that fell in curls over her shoulders, big eyes that seemed like they would help her get whatever she wanted and pouty lips. Dean made a mental note to avoid this girl. She looked like she could get him into some trouble. Though maybe he needed a little bit of trouble.
[angelofthursday] Yes, so did my mother.
No. Not even a little bit.
“Are you sure?”
Dean looked around the room and smiled again. They had stayed in many motel rooms, all of them strange or gross in their own ways. But this room took the cake. It had two queen beds with comforters a shade of green Dean had never noticed before. The wallpaper was white with green dollar bills plastered all around, most of which were fading away from years of whatever the hell they had been through. There was also a small kitchen, a couch facing a tv and a beat up coffee table that was sitting on top of a bright orange shag looking carpet. It was perfect, something you would see in a cheesy 70s porno set in Vegas.
“But he is your friend,” Dean reminded him.
“It appears so,” Castiel confirmed. “I would like you to please leave now.”
Not long after his mother’s death, Dean’s father began drinking. It started slowly as any other addiction does, but soon, very little time would pass between drinks and John was in a permanent state of intoxicated. The more he drank, the angrier he became. At first, his anger presented in the form of yelling but not long after did he get a taste of what smacking Dean around felt like. Once he got that taste, he never wanted to let it go.
“I’m still a boy,” Dean lets the world know.
“The rest are law students,” Sam chimed in happily. “Well, all except Castiel.”
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice shakes around his best friend's name.
“Hey.” Dean grabbed Castiel's arm and stopped him before they got too close to the group. “If you don't want to tell them, you don't have to. I know that telling people about something like this is not the easiest.”
Dean hated her for that but at the same time, he envied her. From the moment Dean was old enough to talk and make decisions for himself, people have been telling him the same thing. ‘Dean Winchester. You are never getting out of this town.’ And he hadn’t. He went on vacations when he was a kid and thought the outside world seemed amazing, he wanted to explore it more. Then two years ago he took a vacation out to California to visit his brother. He could not get home soon enough.
Castiel waited for Dean to get settled and then moved to spoon Dean from behind. Dean lifted his head so Castiel could put one arm under his neck, while his other hand wrapped around his waist, tightening to hold him as close to him as he could. Then Dean cried. He always cried. Stray tears streaked Castiel’s face as well but he tried to hold it together. It was not his time to cry. It was Dean’s. So, he held Dean and let him cry until he fell asleep wrapped in Castiel’s arms.
“Oh,” Dean leaned back in his chair. “So, why are we here? Seems like the kid had it coming.”
[angelofthursday]
“I am not crazy,” Dean confirmed.
If it was anyone else. ;)
“No,” Castiel shook his head. “You are crazy.”
The more time Castiel spent looking for gifts, the more excited he got. Usually, he spent days, even weeks, trying to figure out the perfect gift to give Dean. The man was not the easiest to shop for. But with the new parameters that were put into place, gifts seemed to appear easily and he was overly prepared for tonight.
“Don’t break stuff man,” Castiel chides.
“We’ve been told,” Dean starts but stops to stretch out his body, a look of anguish glittering across his face, “that it peaks at … six … at six minutes.”
He’s already lost control of himself, his hand slipped under the covers and is stroking at his cock on top of the fabric of his boxers. A wet spot is starting to pool in the middle.
He was scared and desperate and was trying to make you happy.
so hard Cas must feel it inside him. Dean wants to hide. He wants to undo it. He can't let Cas hear him, see him like this, but of course, Cas already has; makes a choked, surprised sound, and his hips finally stutter in their rhythm then, all the way to a stop, and Dean can't hear anything over the voice is his own head pounding
the one getting fucked? Like he's the—the—
It’s only a few more minutes of this slow, protracted torture of Dean's frankly innocent penis until he can't help himself, his hips stuttering up to meet Cas, and he's practically whining, bucking up for more, deeper, faster,
It slips out.
He gets nails scraping over his scalp for that one, and pleasure zips down his spine.
"I need you to trust me, Dean."
—he'd dropped to his knees and taken Cas's face into his hands and kissed him.
"Yeah," Dean grits out. Under his hand, Cas stirs and makes a feeble noise; Dean whips his light up to frantically scan his friend's face, but Cas's eyes are still closed. He spasms once, splashing more water against Dean's jeans, and then goes still.
“We didn’t
It's the breaking of Cas's voice that does it, like it's breaking Dean's self-loathing at the same time. Dean steps forward—almost stumbles, like he's being dragged in by some kind of undeniable gravity. Cas clutches the front of Dean's shirt and sort of
? What happened to them?"
the pain leaving Dean—can feel Dean's soul and body crying out in relief as the months-long agony dissipates at last. Without the sigil to obscure Dean's soul from him, its movements and contours are laid out for him, as familiar as his own grace.
And Cas—
The library looks no better, piles of books scattered on the table and the floor, interspersed with pages of notes in Sam's looping cursive and Dean's untidy scrawl. Jack is hunched over one of the books, gnawing on a pencil, his brow creased in a worried furrow.
to reap
to tide him over until nine p.m.
"Was?"
"They're not...presentable," he mutters, resisting the urge to tuck his face into Dean's neck. He can't imagine what the wings must have looked like when he'd first manifested them in the parking lot, without the shielding mercy of all this gauze. Tattered, mangled things, even before Corin's fire had infected them.
is a story worth living.
“I,” starts Cas. He closes his eyes for a moment, his face grey. “Neither did I.”
you to be here, Jack. This is your home too, it always has been. I’m not going to kick you out just because I bump into you in the damn hallway.”
Sam looks skeptical, but he shrugs after a moment and starts attending to his own blade. “I guess.”
"No," says Adam. "He's not.”
Castiel skims his hands upward, running them over Dean's shirt for a minute before curling his fingers under the hem and dragging it up to Dean's shoulders. Dean barely has time to shrug the whole thing off and fling it onto the floor before Castiel has his hands on Dean's biceps and is pulling him in, down,
“Yes. It was becoming harder for him to hold you. To hold everything.”
"Cas?" he ventures. Cas lies supine on the table, eyes closed. The wound gapes from his belly.
it. I want
"But my wings," says Cas in a small voice.
It pounds in his skull like a fucking death knell. “Did we—did we fucking
"Renovate," says Dean blankly. "Tool shed."
Cas squints at Dean, and Dean has a horrible plummeting sensation in his stomach, because this is so
"You know something?" he says to Chuck. He makes his voice loud, brazen, even as he edges away from the advancing deity in front of them, pulling Sam with him. "You're not all that original. But
, I'm glad you're alive, we've been trying to find you for weeks—"
"Yes," says Cas, soft and earnest, the way he says everything. "I'll come home with you, Dean."
him," says Sam again, desperately. "Dean, if we—if we cut too deep, or if we hit something—"
It hits Dean, then, the memory surfacing like a drowned ghost from the depths. His dream of Cas, Cas’s desperate pleas for him to fight. Cas had reached him, even through those folded layers of illusion. Cas had tried to pull him out, tried to save him. And Dean had—
He hangs up and turns back to Dean, asleep on top of the cheap rayon comforter. Dean's face is calm, his expression almost peaceful. Castiel can feel the quiet hum of his soul, restless even in slumber. It's harder to sense than it normally would be and Castiel pushes away the nagging worry over why that could be. On Dean's wrists, the broken handcuffs glint in the lamplight. Castiel reaches down and snaps them off easily, grimacing as he takes in the infected lacerations underneath.
"I should make you beg for it," Raz muses, working efficiently now, finishing first one arm and then the other. "Oh well." He winks, hooks a finger through the belt loop of Castiel's slacks. "Maybe next time."
Cas looks like he might be blinking back tears of his own. "I'm so—I'm so sorry for the pain I've—but I need you to focus, Dean,
"I can leave whenever," Dean says, defensively. "Just because I'm not jumping at the chance to drive hours and hours in that clunker out there doesn't mean I can't leave if we
"Wait—so you
Castiel closes the distance so fast that it feels as though he doesn't even take steps. He bowls the vampires off of Dean, their bodies suddenly weightless and insubstantial, and presses his palm against Dean's forehead. The trailer dissolves around them, blown apart as Castiel shreds the nightmare to hazy fragments.
Dean shoves his chair violently away from the table. "Stop." He feels heat rising in his face even as the whole rest of his body feels frozen, like his limbs don't belong to him. There's a sudden roaring in his ears, as if he's teetering on the edge of the sea. He thinks of alleyways and bathroom stalls. Dampness seeping through the knees of his jeans. His own face glimpsed in dirty mirrors, unrecognizable.
make me think less of you. And
The smirk is back, deepening into a slow grin, and Castiel slowly stretches one hand out along the pillow to his bedside table, rummaging in its single drawer and pulling something out. A fucking
"I don't—" Dean's breath hitches. He screws his eyes shut, inhales shakily. "I don't want to fuck this up."
“Dean,
,” says Dean bitterly. “Then.”
“Yeah? There another reason you decided to pick the losing side?”
—yeah, it worked, you almost
"What are you—" Dean starts, and the words die on his tongue as the girl lifts her hand away and a faint silvery glow shimmers from the spot she'd touched. It fades into Cas's skin almost immediately.
Cas has power and purpose and a place in the cosmic order of things and doesn’t need Dean, never
that Dean had tried so hard to bury, all those years. Knowing that Cas is Death now doesn’t help Dean to subsume that again, doesn’t give him a way to shove it back six feet under. Even if Cas decides to stick around, can Dean go back to the way things used to be? Can he live with all his armor flayed off, with all of his
Dean's back is still arched, his chest heaving, throat bared as he rests his head against the linoleum floor. Castiel can see bruises mottling Dean's skin, and an ugly, mostly-healed gash along the side of his neck, as if a vampire got greedy and tried to rip open an artery.
"Oh, he tried. If we'd been in harmony, it might've worked—but I guess I haven't been feeling particularly harmonious these days."
She shifts from foot to foot. "This is stupid. Can't we just whip him some more?"
Raz runs his gaze up and down Castiel's wings, staring at the charcoal feathers, bent and battered and in some places missing altogether, at the dead tissue and exposed bone where for months stolen grace had corroded Castiel's very essence. Manifested physically like this, the wings do not cause greater pain than Castiel is used to enduring from them, but the sensation is...rawer, more immediate, like everything his vessel experiences, and the lateral change is...unbalancing. It sets his teeth on edge, turns his breathing shallow and frantic despite his best efforts to remain calm.
"You don't think you've changed me too?" Dean says. He clenches his fists into Cas's coat. His face is still tucked into Cas's collar and he knows this is the only way he's going to be able to say any of this, the only way he can drag this out of his stupid stubborn chest. "You don't think I need you? You don't think I—"
Eileen and Cas round on him, demanding simultaneously, “Why would we choose a third,
sure he can make it to the door before Castiel can reach him.
him, dammit!” The leviathan levers itself up onto its hands and knees, glaring daggers at Dean; Eileen lunges out of the corner of Dean’s vision and half-severs its head with a two-handed stroke of her machete. It collapses onto its elbows, jerking like a pinned beetle. Eileen makes an irritated face and brings the blade down again, hacking at the spinal cord.
, in the middle of our yard. I almost shot him. I mean, I guess he would have been fine even if I had, but Jesus."
It takes an instant for it to sink in, that this was all for nothing—that Cas is in danger, maybe dead or dying, and the clock is counting down the hours they have left, and they didn’t even get what they came for.
—hey, you did what you had to do, okay? You don't deserve this. It's going to be alright. We will figure it out. You and me and Sam. Uh, and Gadreel, I guess. And Kevin, if he ever comes out of his room."
, oh my god." Sam's fingers fly over the belt at Cas's shoulders, unfastening it, and then Sam is hauling Cas up into a sitting position, fingers digging into Cas's shoulders.
pretty good—and Cas looks endearing as hell right now. (There’s a smudge of brown sugar on Cas’s temple and god help him, he wants to lick it off right here in front of everyone.)
"You are not," says Castiel, "going back there. They will not be coming for you. I am not letting them take you again. Do you understand?"
“Why don’t we just split the difference and put it over there,” Dean suggests, pointing at a spot between the two contested corners.
, he imagines himself saying,
be just like Cas, that
Dean's in darkness. He's in an abyss. He's at the bottom of a well, sinking deeper every second. He looks up. If he can just—
fault these things apparently know their way around an angel trap.
, Castiel knows it, and yet the vampire is here, clearly alive enough to throw Castiel across the room with a gesture.
Sam stops in front of him, lifts his hands to take Dean by the shoulders. Dean wrenches half-heartedly against his little brother's grip. Sam holds on.
"Yes," says Cas.
catch himself half-hoping every time he hears the Bunker’s front door open, he does
"Okay, just—hold on—" Dean shifts, trying to move behind Castiel, clambering awkwardly around the bent expanse of Castiel's left wing.
“I do,” Dean says. He takes Cas’s hand, laces their fingers together. “I want everyone I love there.”
"I know you're in my head," says Cas, and the momentary testiness in his voice is so incredibly Cas-like that it might pull a chuckle out of Dean if the situation weren't so goddamn dire. "Anything I know, you know."
it, stop wasting our time."
He thinks he does. Yeah. He thinks he probably does.
Corin taps his head. Smiles again. "Not bad, sweetheart. Thanks for breaking those, by the way. Very useful for keeping Dean hidden while he was actually under my roof, but airtight work has its downsides, I suppose."
Castiel falls silent. Dean is glaring at him almost defiantly.
There's a long, brimming pause.
It's a while before the soup is heated up, possibly due in part to user error. Castiel has only just removed it from the microwave when the door to the bathroom opens. He turns around with the container in his hands and nearly drops it; Dean is sidling out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his waist, almost laughably low.
happened between them, if Dean had managed to get his head out of his ass any of those long years he wasted—that isn’t on the table now. Dean didn’t have jack shit to offer an angel even if he could’ve managed to enough courage to make a move, and he’s got even less he can offer a deity, or something like one.
He drives for what feels like a long time but might just be a single sunny afternoon, or maybe years (
power.”
“Let’s just...get him some candy,” Sam had said, and they’d picked out the largest sampler box they could find.)
“But—”
Dean closes his eyes and tilts his head all the way to the side, exposing the curve of his throat. Castiel is caught by the clean line of it, by the memory of his own mouth on that line, only a few hours ago. He screams silently against the spell, flinging his grace at it. He hadn't known it was like this. Dean hadn't said. (Of course Dean hadn't said.) He'd known the vampires fed off Dean, of course, but he hadn't
"Right," says Dean. "Tool shed."
“I love you.”
predictable, except you were really playing
"Dean, I'm human now," Cas mumbles. "You don't need—"
"Morning, Cas," says Sam, Gadreel having evidently vacated the seat of control.
Dean thrusts his hips upward again, into Castiel, and it's too much, it's
She's right; Castiel can feel the weakness in his limbs. If he rushed one of the demons now, he wouldn't stand a chance.
“God ain’t here, brother,” says a voice from nearby.
. Sulfur curdles in the back of his throat and he barely manages to avoid retching again. He curls in on himself and squeezes his eyes shut. Tries to focus on his breathing, tries to count inhales and exhales as he fights the surge of panic. Cas got him out. Cas is coming for him. Except no, that’s not right, there’s no one coming for him, because Sam—Sam has Eileen, and Dean’s happy for Sam, he
"Take yours off too," he grunts to Sam. "Round his chest. Hurry."
"You wouldn't have said it," says Dean. He braces his hands against the doorframe. Clenches and unclenches his jaw. "If you hadn't been about to die, you wouldn't have said it."
Chuck turns to face him fully, eyebrows arching like Dean’s just asked a truly stupid question. “The point is that you two still
storyline Chuck had sunk into place around them—and hadn't that all been a lie, a trap? How far back were Chuck's webs running? A cold eddy of fear whirls in the base of his throat, and he has to swallow hard around it.
"Dean," Sam stammers. He steps back from Chuck, releasing the scythe haft. The blade slides out of Chuck's chest with a wet
Sam gives a little jerk of his head. He meets Dean's eyes steadily. His lashes are wet. "But there's so much—
"You, " he says, his voice completely devoid of surprise. Like it's the most expected thing in the world for Dean to be there.
"Actually," he blurts. "I'm not. I mean, I don't. But I've got a friend."
. There are traces of your soul all over my wings, Dean. There shouldn't be, but there are—it's knitted all through my grace now, I can
Sam blanches suddenly. “Oh my god,” he gasps, “
"That's impossible," Dean says slowly.
"You're the one sneaking into my bedroom instead of enjoying yourself downstairs at my party," says Castiel amicably. "What'd you get dared to do, steal one of my socks?"
“Oh, that was probably—uh, Mrs. Butters,” Dean says.
me, Cas—"
"This plan, it's...it's dangerous. For all of us, but for Jack most of all."
Dean smiles wider, feels again that sweet, sharp sensation of his heart skipping a beat. Probably a good thing he's dead and doesn't have to worry about cardiac arrest, since his body is apparently going to keep betraying him like this. He twists around on the hood, surveying the darkening clearing—the fringe of pines, the quiet woods beyond. The flat stretch of clover-studded grass giving way to sand and the quiet lap of the water. It reminds him of Cas, in a way—a little windswept, a little lonesome, a little serene. He can imagine Cas standing in the clearing, watching the sun rotate over the sky, watching colors flicker over the lake. Before he can stop, he's imagining himself,  too. Lying in the grass with his head pillowed on Cas's shoulder. Teaching Cas to skip stones over the calm water. Turning the pages of a book under the shade of the pines. Leaning over to press a kiss into Cas's hair.
“Yeah,” says Dean. He drags a hand down his face. “I did not see that coming.”
what I'm grateful for. Can't you see that?"
"You changed me, Dean," Cas is saying through tears. Dean tries to think. Tries to make sense of what is happening, through a burgeoning haze of panic.
"No, not
“Dean!” Cas cries out, his voice taut with alarm. Dean rolls over, scrabbling for his dropped shotgun. The leviathan nearest to Cas, the one who’d led them into the trap, has Cas by the collar. As Dean scrambles to his feet, the creature twists its head bonelessly to one side and sinks its teeth into its own shoulder. It swipes its fingers through the oily black spurt of blood and drags them down the side of Cas’s face.
"Yeah, so hurry, got it," Dean says. "Sneak into a giant vacuum dimension and find the
Were Castiel anyone else, and were the situation anything less dire, the pain might have been incapacitating. As it is, he nearly hits the ground as a searing, caustic agony envelopes him. It's not as
. And then I’d give him a minute, just to look, just to let it really sink in, and then I’d crush him to a pulp. And let Sam try to scrape the two of you apart for the funerals.”
"You touched my wings," he says slowly. He shifts his gaze to take in his wings again, those soft colors twining with his grace. It doesn't make sense—it doesn't make
(on a more serious note, I sincerely hope everyone's enjoying the story so far—thank you SO much all for the comments and responses, they've really warmed my heart and I'm so encouraged by them! you're all amazing <3)
"I did indeed," says the dream-Castiel. It strokes its fingers down the side of Dean's face, caresses the edge of Dean's jaw, the curve of his chin, and then it slides its hand down around Dean's throat and starts to squeeze.
; topples onto the tarmac in a clatter of metal. "Dean, hasn't this—hasn't this happened before—"
. His whole body aches for it. But Cas’s hand just hovers in the space between them for a moment, and then drops.
Dean, he thinks, might be happy to let it sit unspoken forever, but Castiel would rather not let the wound fester. He was the one who said it, who twined that tension into the air between them, so the onus ought to be on him to clear that air. Make absolutely certain that Dean knows Castiel doesn't expect anything different from him. Make certain Dean knows that
, Cas will still stop by every now and then. Maybe—Dean can still see him, sometimes. If that’s all he gets, if that’s all he can have of Cas—he'd rather have it, than nothing at all of Cas.
"What I should have done last time," Dean grits. He feels another tear coalescing and angrily blinks it free. He brackets Cas with his arms, presses their legs together. He covers Cas's body with his own. "Stopping you from leaving."
"Makes sense," Dean whispers. "Given the huge stick up your ass."
That version of himself tugs at him, a hook in his brain, a nagging clamor of
. You told me—"
Castiel sucks in a sharp breath. Dean's hands are bandaged from wrist to fingertip. "Dean—what—"
, a knife blade's edge of it, a crack in the darkness. Castiel levers himself toward it. It's faint and washed-out like a dying fluorescent bulb, but it's enough. Castiel did make a bargain, yes, but he's bent and broken more than bargains, before. He'll let the Empty take what it wants from him—whatever it wants, as much as it wants, not all of him is going to fit through that pale and flickering rent in the void anyway—but he's not going to stay.
he isn't. He presses the advantage, injects a note of jeering into his tone. "All these
you in endings."
“Cas,” he gasps. “Sam, where’s
“No kidding,” says Dean. “And we don’t need to fight her, if we get there first. So we drop in, we grab Cas, we get the hell out of dodge. That the plan?”
, okay?" The words are tumbling out of him in no particular order, rushed and panicked. "I would—I would know, if I—if
"Shame," says Chuck, sourly. He snaps his fingers. There's a blaze of light.
me because I—I don't know how to—to say, without—please, just—"
“Cool. So the Darkness is, uh, a three-year-old nephilim. And God is...our half-brother plus his archangel cellmate. And Death...”
"My wrist was shattered. The angel pulled his chain out of the wall to get to me. McGinnis beat him for it."
"Trust me," says Castiel. "You definitely did." He leans down to nip gently at Dean's lower lip. "It's you," he murmurs into Dean's jawline. "It's all you. I can feel it."
"I fucking—I fucking missed you so much, you self-sacrificing—you
Castiel takes a step back, tensing. The not-Castiel smiles at him. Its expression is cold and Castiel wonders what formless part of Dean's subconscious it was generated from.
"The Bunker. Sam left the Bunker," Castiel clarifies. "Three months ago. We locked it up, he took the Impala and headed west."
broke.”
"Cas," he chokes out. His eyes burn. "How could you know."
you with this, Dean," Cas snaps, sudden bitterness heating his voice. "I know it was something you didn't want to hear. I did it because it was the only way to save you, but I would never have jeopardized—I would never have risked your friendship, if there had been any other way. I know that you don't—"
"No," says Sam, and he smiles again, and he squeezes Dean's shoulders, just a little. "I don't think it's too late at all."
So he wanders back to the kitchen and there Cas is, sitting quietly at the table.
Benny blows out his breath in a low whistle. “Damn. You sure don’t waste any time pissing off the power players, do you?”
On one day they are content to simply beat him until his face is slick with blood. The next day they hold him down, rip open his shirt, and pour acid on his chest until he is screaming and writhing on the stones. His grace keeps his flesh from simply melting away, but the angry red patch of the chemical burn lingers. Another day it's knives, and they don't stop until his body is littered with cuts of all shapes and sizes, sluggishly oozing blood and refusing to heal. Castiel is grateful that none of them seem to have access to an angel blade; he isn't sure his fettered grace could keep him alive through that.
Cas pushes himself to his feet. He catches Dean's hands on the way up, pulls Dean up along with him. His fingers curl into the cuffs of Dean's sleeves, like he doesn't want to let go.
They stop for gas a couple counties over and catch wind of a case. Vampires, it sounds like. Dean looks at Sam over the top of the Impala and shrugs. It’s not like they’re in a hurry.
The camp is still in disarray from the fight. He checks the cabs and beds of the two pickup trucks, kicks lightly at the bedrolls on the ground, the tarp stretched against the side of one vehicle like a makeshift tent. The door of the trailer is padlocked shut; Castiel wraps his fingers around the cool metal and wrenches it off with one hand.
"Then don't," says Castiel, "but just know that I could never think less of you, Dean. For anything. And whatever I can do to help you heal—"
"Such devotion," Corin murmurs, but his tone is mocking rather than impressed. He curls his lip as he looks over at Castiel.
Castiel smiles, trying not to let pain twist the expression into a grimace. He cups Dean's face with one hand. The world blurs behind Dean, indistinct shapes, jumbled light and darkness. Or maybe death is just opening up behind Dean, waiting to take Castiel. Dean is still bleeding, but he'll be alright. He's safe. The void tugs at Castiel. It's a low roar in his ears, it's a long gleam of black sliding through his vision, and beyond it there is no pain.
how many sub-levels under the narrative we are now? The quantum mechanics of it would blow your little monkey brain to smithereens."
"I'm going to drink from you now, Dean," Corin says, speaking slowly and clearly, as if to a child. "Just to remind you who you really belong to."
Maybe this is for the best, maybe Dean needs to let Cas go. Cas deserves better—
"We can't forget," Sam grits out. He grips Dean's wrist, his hand like a vise. Blood bubbles up between Dean's frantic fingers. "Dean, we gotta—"
"Dean," Castiel murmurs, but the man in front of him doesn't react to his name being spoken. Castiel hesitates, then reaches up for the cuff on Dean's right wrist. He snaps the chain easily in his hands. Dean jumps, his head snapping up as he yanks his arm tightly to his chest.
"You can't be here," says Dean. A tear drips from his chin. He's crying. How long has he been crying for? "You're dead."
sorry," says Sam, blinking back tears. "Sorry you had to go through all of...all of that, Christ, no one should have to endure what you did."
"And you can't—"
of it had left in him. Dean's soul reverberates like a struck bell, half-obscured by a patina of pain and fear but radiant nonetheless, as bright as it was the day Castiel first saw it, burning like a star in Hell's caverns. Castiel catches his breath and wonders at how it could ever have been hidden from him.
Cas cracks a real smile, finally. "Don't even start."
is probably an understatement, he thinks, wincing internally as he remembers the injuries Cas had healed.
"Cas?" Dean says again, staring at the dream-Castiel. His brow furrows; his eyes rove over the lake and flit back again. "Did you...was that you? Why are we...is this still a dream?"
was—"
"—we are—"
where your adopted kid sucks all the midichlorians out of me and takes my job? No, you morons.” Chuck spreads his hands. “I’m a
Eileen’s waiting for them when they get back to the Bunker. She shoves up from the war room table as the three of them come down the stairs—Sam at the front, practically taking the steps two at a time, the big idiot, and Jack trailing not far behind. Dean comes down last. Hangs back a step, to watch his little brother catch Eileen in his arms as she launches herself at him. Sam half-spins her, his arms tight around her waist, his face buried in her hair.
Dean moves. He shoves into Cas's space, curls his hands in the fabric of Cas's coat, keeps plowing forward until he's walked Cas backwards into the wall of the shed. Garden tools rattle on the shelves at the impact. Cas stares at Dean with eyes so wide and dark that Dean thinks he might fall in, and live curled in the warmth of that gaze, forever.
Sam pokes at his sad-looking salad. (Chuck may be gone but some things never change, apparently.) “It’s something,” he agrees lightly. Dean luxuriates in his brother's relaxed expression. It's been too long since they were both so...weightless. Too long since something or other wasn't hanging over their heads.
Cas looks up as the door swings wide. Blinks in surprise. "Hello, Dean."
"Making it up as we go along?" says Sam, eyebrows raised.
, if he hadn't..." Dean catches his breath. His voice peters out into a whisper.
Dean gapes. "Adam?"
“How OLD are you?” Sam rages, as he swivels his head to the left and right, clearly looking for more snow to use as ammo, because he’s a goddamn hypocrite.
, Dean?"
Dean is pressing himself as far into the corner of the trailer as the manacles will allow, his feet scrabbling against the floor. Panicked, terrified sounds are jerking out of him. Castiel gives up trying to hold on to him and sits back on his heels.
The sound of the highway, of the cars roaring by, cuts out.
"Yeah. He—he pulled up right as you were—as you were—" A haunted look passes over Dean's face for an instant, like a shadow, before he clears his throat roughly and continues, "Anyway, he took one look at the shit all over your wings and knew it was Greek fire, the huge nerd, and we had the right stuff in the trunk to put it out."
"Who are you?" Castiel demands. This thing isn't him. It
"They actually fed me pretty well," he says, perching on the edge of the bed with the container in his lap. "Can't drink from a guy if you starve him, I guess."
Dean's face twists in something like anguish, before he schools it back into hard anger. "I don't need a
With a kind of gradually congealing resignation, Castiel realizes that they probably need to talk about—about what he'd said, before the Empty took him. He's been carefully avoiding dwelling on it or even cursorily thinking about it. What he feels is the farthest thing from regret; he'd do it again in a heartbeat, would do it a million times over for the same reasons. But he didn't think there'd be an
he needs to sort out. He's not going to delude himself into thinking he can
"You're stronger than all of us. No, listen." He talks over Cas's muted noise of protest. "I believe in myself because I gotta, you know? I
down here, kid, because if you didn't bring him back then
"What?"
"I didn't realize the extent of your injuries," presses Castiel. "Are you hurt anywhere else? Should I..." He bites down on his lip to stem the tide of his own earnestness. All he has to offer Dean are mediocre first aid skills. He can't take away any of the pain; he can't heal Dean's ravaged eyesight or undo the atrophying of his muscular structure.
Dean swallows around the sandpaper in his windpipe, tries again. "Is he, is he hurt."
“Dean, what the hell, it’s
The vampire leans to the side, out of Dean's—and Castiel's—field of vision. The vampires feeding on him raise their heads and shift their grips, letting the blood continue to run down Dean's arms unchecked. "You're gonna want to shut your eyes, sweetheart."
, Dean—if we make it harder to reset—"
"You don't know everything," Dean gasps out, the words tripping over a sob. He shoves at Sam's stupid immovable frame, which is a terrible idea since Sam is the only thing keeping him upright currently. "You don't know
“Too slow, Samantha!” Dean dodges Sam’s wild swing. He cackles as he backs around the map table.
"Shut the hell up," says Dean. Heat is rising in his face. "Cas, just shut
But all Cas says is, "He'll be good for the world. He's already done great good in Heaven."
"You saw that, right?" Dean manages.
, Dean thinks, feeling slightly hysterical. He shoots a look at Cas, expecting him to head over there too, given that he’s the third member of this new cosmic trinity or whatever. But bringing back everyone who got snapped into oblivion must not be something that requires Death’s help, because Cas just stands there, gun tucked under his arm, studying him.
"They told you that you couldn't leave." Castiel moves toward Dean. "Is that why you didn't want to go out, earlier? Because of what they said?"
They step out of the motel and Dean stumbles to a halt, staring at the dark parking lot.
Anger at his own weakness—because it wasn't
"Good. He's safe, that's...good. That's what matters."
Almost everyone.
Castiel ignores the feeble onslaught and grips Dean's shoulders and twists, forcing Dean over onto his back.
"By Lucifer, that was pathetic," Raz chuckles. "You're so desperate, angel. It shows on every line of your face. Does he know? Hell, he must. A blind man could tell."
“Nice,” Dean calls in mingled relief and admiration, as he catches her eye. She’s already helping Sam up, but she gives him a nod and a tight grin and he pivots to fire at two more leviathan who were trying to lunge at him from behind. He catches one full in the face with the borax shell, clips the other in the shoulder just enough to throw its swing wild.
powerful?” says Sam, horrified.
"...I need to look at that," Castiel says. He reaches careful fingers toward the gash. Something shutters behind Dean's half-lidded eyes; he pulls away from the touch, lurches half-off the bed.
"How...how long?" Castiel whispers. He isn't talking about just now.
"I am
“Cas, what
Dean yanks his phone out of his pocket and swipes through it. Nothing. No missed calls, no unanswered texts. He lets it slide out of his shaking hands, onto the tarmac.
"Yeah, well." Dean takes a long sip. "When have our plans ever been safe?"
Sam’s face is twisted in mingled confusion and anguish. “No,” he says, “no, we didn’t—”
of him, the way his body takes up space, the way his sleep-slow heartbeat is reverberating through the room.
The burger is thoroughly at room temperature, but Dean doesn't seem to mind. He perks up quite a bit once the contents of the bag have been devoured. Unfortunately, this manifests in the form of him prowling endless loops around the motel room, prodding restlessly at the decor. His soul flutters and flares like a bird preparing for flight, though it still shies away each time he passes the door. Occasionally he bursts into flurried action, shadowboxing and swinging his limbs in big, extravagant movements. It's immensely distracting, and Castiel busies himself determinedly with his laptop.
"S'm...?"
,” says Dean. He feels unmoored, panicky. Like he's been climbing a set of stairs in the dark, and his foot has just plummeted through empty space where there should have been a step.
, and Castiel can't begin to untangle it, nor does he trust himself to try. Dean sits up slowly, leaning forward. There's a moment when he pauses and winces, one hand jumping to his ribs where an ugly, apple-sized bruise purples the skin. Castiel digs his fingers into his own thighs, the pinpoints of pressure a welcome distraction.
“I mean—we don’t need to talk about it tonight,” says Dean. “It’s Christmas. But—maybe afterward.”
He cuts off.
"Interesting thing about humans," muses the Empty. "They go somewhere
"Don't do wha—"
"—if you think that—that
“There’s a campground, half a mile up the trail—”
what Dean should have wanted, and yet Dean hadn't responded at all to her presence, hadn't reacted to her obvious desire, her obvious availability, and Castiel doesn't
"Cas."
"What the fuck was that about?" Dean demands to Sam, Gadreel, and the room at large.
"Yeah, whatever, I know you said he had his reasons. I'm just saying they'd better be good, is all."
doesn’t have a home in bumfuck Kansas with a middle-aged hunter with a bad knee and—and—
. Gone.
Castiel doesn't mean to snap, but he's just so
, Castiel wants this guy again, right now, up against the lockers, in a bathroom stall, anywhere.
into him, forehead against Dean's sternum, hair tickling Dean's chin.
, and you of all people are certainly in no position to criticize the risks I take."
"Really?" says Chuck, irritated, from beside the gas pump.
"Dean—"
Dean breathes for a moment. A small eternity. In. Out. He feels Sam's arms around him. He feels Sam's heartbeat in his ear.
Save Dean Winchester.
They sit for a little while in silence, as stars start to wink into view across the sky, faint in the indigo twilight. "This is a nice spot," says Dean. "Where are we, anyway? This still my heaven? I know they're all overlapping now."
Cas makes the sound again, his body sagging against the shed wall so that Dean moves his hands, in alarm, to Cas's shoulders. They hang on to each other, panting, their foreheads pressed together.
He wrenches Cas's half-open shirt down off his shoulders, drags his nails against the bare skin of Cas's back. Cas doesn't flinch, doesn't stop—just keeps up the heartrendingly steady pace of his hand while he murmurs gently into Dean's ear, a sweet susurration of words that slip in and out of languages Dean recognizes. There's lightning curling down his spine, pooling low in his belly, lifting him on an unbearable wave of coiled tension as Cas's clever fingers drag him closer to the edge.
Dean snorts and turns away from the bed. Benny and Jo dared him fifty bucks each, which is a not insubstantial amount of money and enough, in their minds, to tempt Dean. Except Benny and Jo are also idiots and all they wanted for proof were Castiel's boxers. Which...this is Castiel's bedroom, after all. Not like there aren't any other pairs lying around. Dean picks his way across the junk scattered on the carpet, towards the open closet door.
He has the sense to put his gun on the stairs, out of the water, and then he's rushing forward. He drops to his knees beside Cas—
"Try not to step on any loose nails," Jody advises drily, and crouches to start gathering up the firewood.
“I’m quite happy here, thank you,” says Cas firmly.
Dean goes berserk.
Then, after what could have been many eternities or just one, a pang of agony comes that isn't his own. It's a judder of pain and terror and grief, shot through with a raw longing that's as forked and intricate as an electric discharge—and incredibly, impossibly, in this place where Castiel should be abandoned to nothing but his own sorrows—none of it is his. He
Dean moves without thinking, sloshing over the sodden ground and stepping over the stupid fallen tree to close the distance between them.
They walk past him toward the diner, but one pauses, drifting in his direction. She's tall, almost as tall as Dean in her heels, and she flashes him a languid smile and halts by the rear end of his truck.
Dean's lips move, soundless. He might be saying a name.
taking him with you."
He doesn't think he's imagining the flicker of frustration that crosses Chuck's face. He's
. It is disgusting, it is
, he thinks Naomi would call it. A predictable flaw, a predictable reaction to something angels are supposed to be above, because Castiel is now broken in predictable ways, and the cracks in him can be extrapolated from Dean outwards.
"Alright, alright, I got you." Sam braces one huge palm against Dean's shoulder, trying to hold him up against the post without hurting him.
Dean does turn to look at him, now. "Back to the Bunker."
"I'm in love with you," says Dean.
Dean walks toward it. His palms are sweating and he wipes them surreptitiously on his jeans as he stumbles to a halt in the doorway of the shed.
, so that you would—”
Dean snorts. "Course not. They didn't give a shit."
. Their mouths lock together again as Castiel drags his fingers up and down Dean's bared spine, blunt nails scraping the skin without breaking it. Dean hums his pleasure and reaches out to tangle his hand in Castiel's hair. The steely-hot line of Castiel's dick is pressed right into the crease of his thigh, and when Dean props himself on one elbow and reaches down to it with his freed hand, Castiel makes a sharp, hungry noise and pulls back the barest half-inch.
"Yes," says Dean. His voice is haunted. Castiel can barely hear him, over the silent pounding in his own ears.
you, you asshole," Dean snaps, and instantly regrets it. He swivels his head toward the door, his whole body tensing as he waits for Castiel to order him out or come at him swinging. It's a small bedroom. He's
, using his wings to propel himself away. The tail ends of his shirt, still tangled around his wrists, whip against his torso. Pain shoots through the fragile bones as they jostle against the stone floor, but he gets one knee under him and—
, Sam." Dean's face feels hot. He clenches one hand into the meat of his thigh. "I'm not—that. That isn't—that's not how I—I don't—because I would
to explain,” he says, still signing, “that the tree should go in this corner, this is the best spot for lighting reasons, I have done the trigonometry involved—”
“Don’t demur,” says Cas. His arms are warm against Dean’s stomach and back. He smells like apples and nutmeg and popcorn, and underneath it, buried deep but still there, he smells like lightning and raw pine and the air right after a storm. He smells like Cas.
—he'd gotten to
— "What the—what the
Castiel is on the dock again. He turns his head to the left and sure enough, there is Dean, sitting on an identical dock ten feet away, staring out at the silvery water. Dean is alone this time, no malicious dream iteration there to strangle him, and Castiel finds himself smiling as he watches the way Dean tips his head back, the way the soft light plays on his face. Castiel turns his head in the other direction and there the dream-Castiel is, right next to him, so close their shoulders are almost brushing.
Guys.
Castiel loses track of how the rest of their clothing gets removed or where it ends up. He's too focused on the pulse of Dean's soul, the movement of Dean's body, the desire twining and flaring through both. Dean's nearness is overwhelming; Castiel feels dizzy with his proximity to it, dizzy with the effort of maintaining the crucial separation between his essence and Dean's, the barrier he's taken such care to sustain. When he takes Dean in hand, Dean arches his back and makes a single soft sound, and his face is suddenly as open as Castiel has ever seen it, utterly vulnerable in this moment of pleasure.
"Hello?" says Dean. The word comes out strained.
are still closed. But his smirk looks a little wider.
"Dean—"
of him that is somehow still so achingly familiar. For a moment he imagines just saying it. Cas is Death but maybe Dean could say it anyway.
"Why would I want one of your
Raz drops into a crouch. "And yet you were on your own when we brought you in," he muses. "And you've been rotting in this cell for days, without so much as a rescue attempt."
Cas sighs again and reaches back to remove Dean's hand from the back of his neck. Dean flinches, but Cas just pulls their joined hands down, into the empty space between their bodies. He laces his fingers through Dean's.
, and
“How long to Washington?” says Sam, from the passenger seat. He’s rummaging through the bag of fast food they’d picked up for lunch.
Dean has always been good at what he was made for.
"Why?" Castiel gasps out one day. Raz has come alone. He is using his fingers to paint yet another sigil on the floor of the cell. Castiel is curled on his side, retching emptily from the effects of the last one. "Why..." He has to break off and dry-heave for a moment. "...are you...doing this?" he finishes weakly, at last.
"Broken," Cas mutters at the ground.
Just as suddenly, the light and sound are gone. Dean cracks his eyes open.
"Dean?" says Castiel cautiously. He eases up on the pinning knee.
Glistening black tar flows suddenly from its eyes and mouth. Dean jerks back in shock, watches as the dark metallic substance flows like water into the shadows where the wall meets the floor, seeping away as if it were never there at all.
with me, so why would you—”
Dean huffs a laugh. A memory floats, unbidden, to the forefront of his mind. "Lemme...lemme bottom-line it for you," he pants. God, his side hurts. He lets his head drop, lets it rest on the strange featureless surface this dimension has crafted for them to splay out on. "I'm not leaving here without you."
, he thinks drowsily. He remembers Chuck’s pitiful groveling and a smile twitches the corner of his lips. Maybe he’ll dream about it tonight, relish the moment all over again.
Castiel whirls, stumbling in his haste to get to his feet. He puts his hand on the rain-slick tree trunk to steady himself, and blinks up at Dean.
"Your wings are incredible," says Dean, and he means it. "We'll figure out some way to deal with the grace thing, but the most important thing in the meantime is that you fucking
"I'm sorry," says Gadreel after a moment. "I realize that you're uncomfortable with the idea that you might inspire others. You and Dean are similar in that regard, I've noticed."
"SAM!" he calls again when there's no answer, and hears the clatter of Sam's feet on the wooden stairs.
"It's ready," says Sam, turning around. In his hand, the dagger's blade flares gold for a moment, then quiets.
"They're going to kill you," Dean moans. He shakes his head limply on the pillow. His hand drags free of the sheets and tangles itself in the fabric of Castiel's coat. "Please, Cas, they'll make me watch."
"—it spits the word out like poison—"and I have reached an agreement.
But when he shines his phone carefully at Cas's torso, there it is again, something large shifting under Cas's skin, distending his stomach as it goes.
Dean did that to him.
"You are infuriating," Castiel says, and leans in close to kiss him. Dean sighs, his body relaxing instantly. He opens his mouth hungrily around Castiel's and Castiel breathes a spark of grace into him, sending it to Dean's hands and the still-raw wound at his neck. Dean gasps a little and reaches out to clutch at Castiel's shoulders and drag him still closer. Dean is shirtless too, Castiel discovers to his satisfaction as he pushes the covers out of the way; he wraps his arms around Dean, slots a thigh between Dean's knees. His left wing arches overhead, the feathers splaying.
Sam takes a step forward, his breath hitching. "So—all of that—Lucifer, Michael, Jack draining your power—"
"I don't care what you did while they had you. I care that you survived. That's what required strength, and
Castiel finds he has a mouth, now. "Bite me," he tells the Empty, and tumbles through the rip in the dark.
Jack glances at Dean, his face cautious as he reconfirms. “So—I can—?”
"And I hope you've enjoyed your few days' respite," Corin drawls, sounding bored. He fishes in his pocket with his free hand. "In time, this will be just a blip, sweetheart. I promise you that. Just a brief flash in the long darkness of your days. You'll wonder if you dreamed it."
he can, and when Cas's soulmate shows up and Dean has to step aside, at least he'll do so with the privilege of having been loved by Cas for even a small portion of his life.
"Don't," he says. He reaches for the soup with his other hand, across his body so that his chest is shielded by that arm. The motion does little to hide the bruises, or those strange round lesions decorating his chest and stomach.
"Jack—"
"Beheading
“Of course,” Antennae hums. They cock their head, peering at Cas with their odd silvery-gold eyes. “You are...strange. The way you carry yourself, the grace...I have not seen like to you before. Human, but not only human, I think.”
almost, because—and his pulse is ratcheting up at the thought, juddering painfully in his ears—what if Cas is hurt? What if something happened to him in the Empty, and he's back but he's
"We have to stop this," Sam whispers. He comes up to Dean, curls his hand into the sleeve of Dean's jacket.
“Ah,” says the fey. “Exclusively?” They tilt their head to the other side, antennae flaring with interest. “It has been a while since I had a mate at the summer court...would you be interested?”
"Cas? What the hell?"
wrong, until after, until—"
inside Cas. Sam cups the back of Cas's head with one enormous palm. "It's okay, we've got you, hang on, we've got you."
Dean scowls at the carpet, pulls his hand back towards him, tight against his chest.
. Perhaps he would say something like,
happened, once it has already come to pass, and not what
They never saved anyone. Jack never brought anyone back. Chuck broke the world and they didn't save it, they can't even save themselves from him now.
This time they're sitting on the edge of a cliff that towers high above a storm-grey sea. Rain falls in torrents from the dark sky and fifteen-foot waves smash against the stone cliff face and send up fans of spray, but Sam feels as warm and dry as if he's sitting in his own room back at the Bunker. Which, to be fair, he is. Dean had shut down towards the end of the conversation in the kitchen, and is currently pacing around the Bunker fretting over whether to call Cas; Sam, who's long since learned to let those two idiots figure their shit out on their own, is sitting on the edge of his bed, in the privacy of his room. Except he's also sitting
Cas frowns. "I—"
Dean rolls his eyes, but his expression is fond. "Whatever, he can explain the rest to you when he gets back. I chewed him out plenty on the way here."
Fear spikes through Dean. "What did...what did you..."
, because it's
, and he's been here all this time, alone, and Dean just—
Jody rolls her eyes. "I've been trying not to check on the progress. They've been watching a lot of YouTube videos but I'm not certain any of them know what they're doing."
, Dean, listen to me."
"I've never seen a ritual quite like this," says Sam. He touches the corner of the paper with something like reverence. "Where did you find—"
"Thank you," he says quietly, into Dean's chest.
Sam gathers him up, gathers him close. "Yeah, but I know this, you jerk."
"I..." Castiel falters, because he operates under the default assumption that Dean could bear it perfectly well without him. Dean has Sam, after all. Dean has a home and a family and a purpose, and Castiel is...counted as a friend, yes, maybe even family, but dead weight in so many ways.
. Maybe not
why, Dean." Sam takes a huge, shaky breath, his eyes pleading silently. "It's not. If you think that it—makes you
And the look in Dean's eyes at that, Castiel thinks as he turns away, is going to be
Dean stares, uncomprehending.
"Cas, what—" Sam starts to say, just as Dean reaches for the glasses, intending to pull them off. But it's too late. Cas's face twists in anguish, and he turns and bolts from the kitchen, his mutilated wings rattling agitatedly. Dean starts to run after him, but before he's reached the doorway he hears the front door open and slam and realizes that Cas has left the Bunker altogether.
." He spreads his arms wide, derision curling his lip, while his soul spits a black self-loathing as caustic as lye.
"What the hell for?"
Castiel smiles down at Dean as he hastily pulls on his clothes. "You want your clothes?" Dean's jeans are in a crumpled heap halfway across the room.
thinking about it, not until he sees Cas again. Not until he can put his hands on Cas, curl his fingers in the sleeve of Cas's coat and confirm that he's solid, that he's real.
, he realizes slowly. If he's to care for Dean here, without doctors, without his grace, he needs supplies. Not just medicine and bandages, but food, too, and clothes Dean can wear that aren't torn and dirty. He tangles his fingers anxiously around his keys, thinking. Eventually common sense wins out over his worry. The motel might be shoddy, but it
Gadreel blinks at him, biting down on his lower lip in a way that's extremely distracting. "Yes, the primaries. On an awakened wing, the name of the angel's soulmate is inscribed on the primary flight feathers. It's quite stunning, as I said. Is it...relevant at this point?"
, he can't stop thinking in disbelief, Dean is
"Hey, stranger," she purrs. "You looking for something?"
"Oh," says Gadreel. He nods musingly. "I see how that might have caused some confusion, yes."
Dean reaches out and takes Cas’s hand. “He’s with me,” he says, as an answer.
Cas's grip loosens and Dean feels his breath hitch abruptly. He's terrified, suddenly—afraid to open his arms, unclench his hands from Cas's coat. Afraid that this is some dream or memory or delusion. That if he lets go, Cas will vanish, smoke and memories on the wind. And Dean will be left, again.
Maybe Dean makes a sound, as he stands there with his heart lurching and the vise around his chest clicking tighter and tighter. Maybe Cas just knows he's there, the way Cas always seems to know.
, ecstasy running like water and lightning through his wingtips and his mortal heart, crackling in his ears and under his skin and he can't tell where his pleasure ends and Dean's begins.
But that was the bargain. He took that upon himself. His choice.
out of
Castiel lifts two fingers to Dean's brow, hoping he can do this much even if his healing is blocked. Dean swallows, his jaw trembling, his hands knotted together in front of him.
Jack sniffs. He looks around vaguely and then reaches for the box of tissues on the bedside table. "The Grigori. They siphon off the energy of human souls. I know eating hearts is—a strange thing to do, but when I do it...Sam, it doesn't just increase my powers."
“Dean!” Sam yelps. “What the—”
It's Monday morning and Castiel is strolling down the hallway by the junior lockers, feeling quite on top of the world, thank you very much. It's the kind of glow he's pretty sure you can only get from fucking a mysterious hot stranger whose face you never see and whose name you still don't know...yet. He eyes a cluster of theater kids who are hanging out by the water fountain and mentally crosses them off the list of possibilities, one by one—too short, too tall, too clearly lacking in the ass department.
desires,
Dean looks down at Cas, whose arms are pressed against Dean's chest, trapped between their bodies. Whose stupid hair is sticking out at odd angles. God, when did Cas start looking so human? Dean can remember a time when he looked like he was carved from the stormblast itself. When he blew in and out of Dean's life like an inevitable wind, unyielding and unrelenting. Angels aren't supposed to age, but Cas has tired creases around his eyes that weren't there before. He has laugh lines and crow's feet, he cries and he doubts, he feels pain and sorrow and longing and grief.
, before, in that howling two seconds of disbelief before Cas was dragged away in front of him—
“There’s too many of them!” it barks over its shoulder, toward Cas, where the first leviathan is still standing. “Mark him so we can get out of here!”
"Mmm." Castiel kisses Dean's shoulder. "Not every time."
Dean feels a soft laugh burst from his chest. There's a lump in his throat. "Hey," he says. "Hey, Cas, yeah. Yeah."
"Shut the
"Oh yeah?"
"Yeah, man," Sam sniffs, wiping ineffectually at his eyes. "Any...any time."
"You're coming in?" she says with raised eyebrows, as he leads her to the door. Her earrings sway as she walks, twinkling in the outdoor lights. "If you want to watch, that's fine, but I'm not gonna—"
. Something warm unfurls in him and he tries frantically to fold it back up, because it's dangerous, it's dangerous for him to
"I don't think I need any mojo, Cas. I feel pretty beat."
as me, but I don't need you to be my fucking
!" he calls, belatedly remembering that nothing he says is getting through.
The light is
"He's his own." Castiel glances over at Dean, oblivious only a few yards away.
Dean, the unsteady lilt of Dean's pulse, which is so bravely dragging blood through vein and artery, dragging Dean onward towards death—
It takes a long time to attend to Dean's wounds. The cuts left by the handcuffs ooze blood and a clear fluid, and Dean jerks in pain when Castiel touches them.
destroying Castiel.
Well, Dean stares at him now. He looks tired, like he always does. Rumpled, softer at the edges after ten years on Earth. A little bit creased with humanity.
“Hey,” he says to Jack. “Where’s your hat, kid?”
"Where's the angel?" Dean demands to the room at large.
Castiel turns his head to one side and spits out a mouthful of blood, a parting gift from the previous sigil.
And fuck, Dean
"Dean Winchester," says Castiel. "You and your brother are the strongest men I have ever known."
, this is worth all of it, every choice Castiel's made, every ounce of Heaven's favor lost, everything he's given up, for this man warm against his mouth, holy on his tongue—
"Free," Sam finishes. His face clears. "We're free."
Dean stares at him for a moment. Then he says, gruffly, “The hell are you talking about? I was there, remember? You and Michael kicked Chuck straight into the afterlife.”
Sam’s phone is bursting a flurried series of chimes. Sam swipes at the screen, covers his mouth with his free hand. “Dean,” he croaks, hushed. “Eileen, she just texted me—and Donna, too—Bobby, Charlie, Stevie, Jody—everyone's
Cas looks at Dean with something unreadable and immense unfolding behind his eyes. He looks at Dean, and
, and then he pushes up into Dean, and then again, and again, faster, until he's setting a steady pace in perfect rhythm, hitting a spot that lights up a white fire in Dean's veins. Dean hears bitten-off sounds of pleasure coming from his own mouth, but he barely recognizes his own voice, the wrecked abandon of the sounds he's making. Castiel adjusts his hands, the fingers splayed over Dean's hips, under the skirt, digging into the skin, and he never varies the cadence, doesn't speed up or slow down just
, why is he
It might be just the light, but it looks as though Cas is blushing a little. “I heard your prayer. I...seem to be able to hear some prayers, still.”
"Cas, I..." He doesn't know how to do this. He's
Gathering the last of his strength, Castiel manifests his wings. His last, inane thought before he passes out is that the void looks an awful lot like a very familiar car.
“Oh, I know about stockings,” says Jack happily. “It’s a Christmas tradition.”
Dean squints at him. "Can't die," he says vaguely. "They said."
, the leviathan and the blossoms and Chuck and this whole godforsaken trip. The way Sam favors his shoulder, the way he winces and half-reaches for it when he thinks Dean isn’t watching. The way Purgatory plucks at Dean’s skin like a dull fishhook, like a nagging memory of a time when everything was easy and simple and all he had to do to survive was the things he was best at. The way Cas stands too far away and doesn’t look at him except with a hard kind of weariness, the way Dean doesn’t know how to fix any of it, doesn’t even know if he
Dean wakes up in a motel bed.
Would've been nice for Jack to just beam Cas down right next to them, Dean thinks sourly. Not like there wasn't plenty of room in the car.
a blunt instrument. He's the hammer he once accused Cas of being, the gun leveled at the poltergeist in the dark, the jawbone-blade cleaving tissue from bone. He's the sword swung on marionette strings by the archangel. He's the best pupil Alastair's ever had.
"No more deals," Dean mumbles. He skims his hands over Castiel's shoulders, lays his palms against the sides of Castiel's face. His hands are broad and warm and gentle. His jaw is trembling. Castiel loves him, loves him, loves him. "Okay? Never do that again. Okay?"
"Who's Raz?" says Sam from the doorway, wiping blood off the demon-killing knife. "Was he that asshole?"
"No," says Dean immediately. "It was worse when I couldn't see it."
"I just think you should maybe come up here," says Jody. "I mean, if you aren't busy. I'm assuming we have some time before the next apocalypse, so. Yeah. If you want to swing by, or something, Dean. He's here."
"Yeah, one of the vamps was a smoker. Blonde fucker. Had a stupid goatee, at least he did last I saw before they—" Dean makes an abortive gesture towards his face, his jaw tightening.
"Dean, he told you he loved you—"
, like it was the easiest thing in the world to say. Like Dean was the easiest thing in the world to love.
Castiel tries to speak and coughs instead; he tastes blood and realizes that he's bitten down on his tongue. Raz doesn't lift his foot; pain continues to shoot up into Castiel's left shoulder. On his knees, bent awkwardly at the waist to keep from pulling on the pinned wing, he edges slowly back towards his tormentor.
"Not necessarily, although we usually don't reveal them to other angels without reason. I have not seen Castiel's."
"Bitch," he mumbles finally, into Sam's flannel-clad shoulder.
Dean crosses his arms. "I mean, don't let me cramp your style, she's gorgeous. Next time just text me and I'll clear out."
Cas continues, with so much earnestness that Dean suddenly wants to throw something at him, "And I
, he thinks.
"Why didn't you tell me?" says Castiel slowly.
“I told you,” says Cas, managing to sound somehow both infinitely patient and incredibly testy. “I rushed things.”
"You were trapped in a narrative tessellation—a set of nested sub-dimensions branching off from your original plotline."
Dean meets Castiel's gaze and his expression hardens. He looks away, hitching the towel higher with one hand, until the knobs of his hips are obscured.
"You're gonna be okay," Dean whispers again. He presses a palm over the bullet wound. He can feel the breath rattling in his little brother's lungs. He can't lose Sam. Not Sam too. Grief threatens to split him open. First Cas and now—
," he rasps, as Cas strokes him once, twice, again. He lifts his hips slightly so that Cas can tug his jeans further down with his free hand. "Cas—god,
He shakes blood off his machete as the last vampire crumples, headless, to the ground. Grins over at Sammy, who for his part is surveying the wreckage of the shed with something like dismay.
"You weren't
"I'm sorry," Dean chokes out. "Cas, I—"
. "He
, at least not for him. This is a different set of consequences than what he'd been prepared for.
She shrugs at him. “What? Someone needs to ask.”
Dean relaxes very, very slightly under the touch.
," says Castiel urgently, reaching out a hand, but Dean wakes from the nightmare unprompted, his eyes snapping open, a strangled gasp leaving his lips as he starts halfway off the bed.
Castiel gasps. He can't help it. The surge of light and sound and
Dean falls back into his seat. His chest feels flayed open. He can't breathe. Panic sets every nerve in his body on fire.
Dean leans forward, parts his lips, and—
Sam murmurs, urgent and barely audible, "It's not the same, it ends faster every time—he's
Charlie, Stevie, Bobby, Donna. The other hunters.
"Down," it whispers. "There."
Castiel slips off the bed and stands, opening up space between them, distance and air to separate his unruly vessel from the white-hot nearness of Dean.
And then there’s a razor-sharp blade that looks like it’s made from wood and bone and possibly holly berries, cleaving toward him, and he has to shut up and get the scimitar up to block it. After that he doesn’t really have much time to dwell on the absurdity of it all because he’s too busy trying to not get stabbed by a willowy leaf-haired being with pointed ears and eyes like green coals and fucking
"You're wrong," Castiel blurts. Dean's fragmented words are slotting together, but too slowly for him to make sense of them. All he can muster at this particular juncture is an urgent need to correct this mistake, to stem the dark tide of Dean's misery.
"Stop," Dean pleads. He drops his other knee, and Castiel
“I told you,” says Cas, low. “I
Castiel sighs.
He blinks back a sudden, infuriating,
Sam tilts his head back, wide-eyed. The shitty fluorescent lighting glimmers in the tears pooling in his lashes.
"The fucking
"Cas," Dean rasps finally. The word ghosts out of him, barely audible. Then, "No. No, you can't be—he's not—he isn't—"
Something about his eyes, the cadence of his voice, tugs at Castiel the way the man's smile tugs at his mouth. He frowns for a moment, distracted by it. Maybe this is why he reacts slowly—why he blinks and touches his own pockets, as if there was any way he could possibly have picked up the man's crossword or wallet or something during their brief interaction.
Michael’s stance changes minutely—a subtle shift of the shoulders, of the carriage of his head, and then it’s Adam who says, gentle, “Maybe not. But maybe we should start fighting for it anyway.”
"Sam," he says when one finally returns a prompt for a message, instead of a dial tone, "it's Castiel. It's—I've found him, I've found Dean." He hesitates. He's called this number before, and he doubts Sam is still listening to these messages. "Call me," he finishes helplessly.
"Careful," Castiel says automatically, before he remembers that Dean can't hear him. He wraps his arm more tightly around Dean's shoulders, but Dean is already sinking back towards the ground, body wracked with tremors, feet scraping over the scuffed linoleum as he struggles to stand. Castiel frowns, thinking; he doesn't want to embarrass Dean, but he itches to get them both out of this place with its stink of blood and fear. To get Dean somewhere safe. And, too, he can hear the distant whine of sirens echoing faintly through the night, too faint for human ears to catch.
Dean wakes up in a motel bed.
"Cas, I don't care," Dean blurts. The rain is cold and he is thoroughly drenched, so he decides not to beat around the bush. "I don't care if I'm not your soulmate, I don't care if I'm not—if I'm not the guy you're meant to be with forever. I love you. We're making it up as we go along, remember? I chose this, and I'm going to stick with you for as long as you'll have me—and you know what? You chose to be with me too, Cas. You knew I wasn't your soulmate, and you stuck around anyway. So. Yeah. I know you love me too, you dick."
Cas looks at him over the rim of the mug. The black coat is missing, and so Dean can see the scythe holstered at Cas's side—smaller now, handgun-sized instead of the longarm he’d carried before. His hair is sticking almost straight up in places and if Dean weren’t so completely derailed by Cas’s actual
"Thank you," says Castiel gratefully, smiling at her and getting a friendly pat on the arm in return as he leaves.
"Morning, sunshine," says Dean.
Dean almost laughs. As if there were any way he'd say no, when there was even the smallest chance. "We got this, kid."
Sam gives him a withering look. “They’re signing in ISL, Dean.”
Castiel turns his head away, hating himself for not being able to bear the pain with impassivity, hating the demon's eyes for being the same color as Dean's.
“This location bears touches of the woodland, though,” says the antennaed fey.
Gadreel nods. "Perhaps he simply was not ready to show them to you...wings are an intensely personal part of an angel, in that they can reveal all sorts of things about that angel, by virtue of their color, their pattern, whether they've been awakened..."
Dad hadn't known. If Dad had ever found out—Dean trembles. "He didn't know—"
starts to chime in his head, a frantic chorus.
," Dean exhales, the words punched out of him, and he hooks his arm around the back of Cas's neck. Drags Cas toward him.
"Yeah, but what's the rush?" says Dean, still focused on his own body rather than on Castiel.
," he wheezes. His heart wrenches with a spasm of emotion so agonizing that he presses a hand to his chest, certain that he's about to go into fucking cardiac arrest. He can't get enough breath into his lungs. A chill breeze caresses his face.
Castiel digs in his pocket, pulls out some crumpled bills. "Two hundred," he offers. "Up front. If you get a bad feeling at any point, you can leave."
the presence of Cas's wings, feel the buffet of air as Cas raises them, feel raindrops splashing off the feathers and onto his arms. He's pretty sure his jaw is hanging open.
They get a motel for the night. Dean burrows under the covers—it's chilly in the room, not much better than the damp night outside—and listens to Sam’s breathing even out in the other bed. They’ve been heading vaguely west and he traces out the map in his mind, thinking. Maybe they’ll skirt north a little, head up toward Washington. Change of scenery. Maybe all the way to the coast. That’d be two, maybe three days’ driving. Or find some cabin by a lake somewhere, take it easy for a couple of days.
, he thinks dizzily, as Sam steps over Raz's corpse and reaches for Castiel's other arm. Raz is gone. The Winchesters came for him.
"Because you—" Sam starts, and stops. He swallows. "Because," he says carefully, "because Chuck's gone, Dean. And—and I know how Eileen felt, okay? I know she was worried about what was—about what was real. But Chuck's
"Cas—" Sam chokes out, but he might as well not have spoken because Castiel barely hears him, all Castiel can hear is the weak bird's-wing flutter of Dean's flagging heart, the metal rasping at organ walls and bone
static, crackly and soft. They glance at each other and start laughing.
was bleeding out. And after Gadreel had healed Cas, the relief that rushed up inside Dean had been equally overwhelming—so overwhelming that he'd forgotten that his brother and Gadreel were
to die but he doesn’t get to choose, does he? Chuck or no Chuck, it was always going to end like this for him.
is Benny?” says Eileen, eyebrows raised. She lowers the machete—very slightly—and squints at the vampire now sauntering towards them. “Hmm. Thought he’d be taller.”
” Dean sits up straighter so that he can lean into Cas’s space, and it all comes bubbling up, all that grief, all that sorrow, all that memory.
Dean pulls a few inches back, though he keeps his hands tight on Castiel's shoulders. His eyes dart up toward the wing, its dark feathers, the limned colors that Castiel knows he can't see.
Cas folds with a violent groan, fucking himself on Dean so hard and fast now, messy with it, and his voice pitches up urgently when he growls, “Yes, yes,
Castiel reaches for him, gently pulls him back against his chest, and Dean goes but pouts about it, his face turned away from Castiel's where it resumes its nuzzle against the side of his neck from behind. Dean's cheeks burn almost as much as they did when he said the damn thing. Castiel’s voice is dark in his ear when he murmurs, “Would you like to know what I liked about it?”
Castiel gives him no more, just his enduring weight, his hands laced with Dean’s, pinning him, the sweat dripping and slipping between their bodies as he rides Dean luxuriously, lazily. Each time Dean begs the answer is the same.
him so much it makes his lip wobble, makes something well up inside him he doesn’t fully understand, something that slips loose from a secret place and starts scrambling its way to the surface hastily and without his permission. Dean grasps for it but it’s slicker and faster than him and he realizes—
. Dean’s eyes are still closed tight. Like maybe if he keeps them closed, he can get away with it. It’s childish, he knows. But he tries it anyway.
Castiel doesn’t slow a second, doesn't speed up, just rides Dean and watches him with interest like he's a god damn zoo animal.
C-Casti—
“Dean?”
—ahh!
Cas presses forward. “I won’t.” He holds Dean in a loose cradle as if to emphasize this. Strokes a reassuring rhythm and up and down Dean’s arms. “But I would like you to stay, and listen if you’re willing.”
game. Cas pins him with that look and squeezes Dean's hands. Their fingers are laced together.
he wants to sink. He fights instead, feet kicking and scrabbling on the bed for purchase, body twisting, hands trying to wrench free of Castiel's grip, to buck him off, but he feels so weak and Cas just holds him down. He has him. He won't let go.
” and just hearing it makes Dean wince and curl away a little, even as some part of him wants to curl closer, “is a caretaker. Someone who takes care of another person who is in need, who is vulnerable.”
“I’ve noticed a… pattern emerging, in our sex life.”
and there is a quick, hot splash on Dean’s stomach before his vision whites out and he’s coming,
“Cas?” He doesn’t know what he’s asking for, his own voice sounding so small and far away.
Cas," he spits out desperately, unhinged, "please please can I come? Fuck,
“Oh, won’t you!?” Dean blurts.
They almost never do it like this.
, exploding into the place where his angel grips him tight.
spoken so gently and firmly and with so much patience, like he will give Dean the
Dean tangles his fingers in Cas’s t-shirt, still hiding. He mouths at it again, and sucks in a shuddering breath.
Cas take an exaggerated, calming breath and hold it in for two beats, three...
, hurts Dean’s hands and wrists where Cas is still pinning him, but then Cas lets him go and cradles him—
Dean's brain pops and sputters out. Again. At this rate, he's in danger of having no brain cells left after today.
It rumbles out of him and drops into the air between them, solid. Unquestionable. He punctuates it with a dirty grind of his hips that makes them both shudder. Not fair. Dean has to bite his lip against the pleasure that twists in his gut at being denied. He doesn't. He doesn't know why. He doesn't think about it, but god it makes his cock ache and twitch when Cas is bossy like this, still fucking himself onto Dean, still at that slow unrelenting pace, like Dean's body is just a big sweaty toy to him, a dildo that twitches and throbs and comes and oh god, he could fucking come right now just thinking about how
man,” and there are kisses on his wet face, and then Castiel murmurs so quietly, as if to himself, “that’s Daddy’s good boy,” and it’s all Dean can do just to hold on.
“How does it feel, when you’re vulnerable for me?”
with his hips and his knees to press Dean firmly into the bed, holding him, trapping him there, a clear order—
“Come here,” Cas says testily like he’s dealing with a misbehaving child, and that makes this 100000x worse. Dean wants to smack his head against a wall. He’s not a child and Cas isn't the boss of him. He’s a grown ass fucking man. He’s died and been to Hell. He fights gods and monsters for a living. But Cas doesn't need reminding, and that also makes it worse.
to come he
happening again.”
“Would you let me take care of you, Dean? I would like to, very much.”
” the words get stuck in his throat. “You. You liked it.”
“I know that Dean.”
Dean's not gonna break. He's not gonna. But—
“Cas it’s all been consensual, you didn’t push me too far, man. It’s all good. Dunno what you’re talking about.”
It’s too much. He's overwhelmed and overstimulated and he needs Cas to make it better, but he doesn’t know how to ask, how to say it. He feels mute, pinned in place, cut open; exposed. He’s Dean fucking Winchester. Monsters are literally afraid of him. He doesn’t—he doesn’t need anyone, but god, right now he feels like whipped cream and he does need Cas, needs him needs him
Dean goes. He plants his butt in the v of Cas’s legs and leans back against his chest. At least this way his back is to Cas so he doesn't have to meet his eyes. Maybe that was on purpose, but Dean doesn’t want to give Cas the credit. Cas winds his arms and legs around him, pulling him in flush against his chest, and tucks his face into Dean’s neck.
Dean’s brain, which had been slowly melting into pleasant goo, snaps solid in an instant. “Whoa, whoa, who said anything about never having sex again?”
His eyes feel hot. He’s not crying. He shakes his head. He doesn’t know if yes or no, he just shakes it.
He’s losing track of how many times he’s begged, body coiled so tightly now, fizzling right along the edge of pleasure and painful
“No, we don’t.”
Cas holds them still in the moment together for a few slow breaths until he does speak, reverently. “I need you to know that I do want this, this dynamic that’s evolved between us. But more than that, I want you to be happy, and to be comfortable. To feel
And then Cas is scooping him up, dragging him higher up into his arms, cradling him tightly, and he’s saying, “Thank you, thank you,” and, “that’s very good Dean, that’s my good boy, my
Cas, although on the cusp of losing patience, softens. “Dean. Come here.”
And his fucking traitor of a cock, so spent it's sore, twitches.
—come inside you.”
“A horndog? A dirty pervert? Thinkin' with your downstairs brain? Lecherous?” Dean adds, helpfully.
“I…” Cas tucks his nose behind Dean’s ear, nuzzling, breathing in the scent of him, and sighing it out. “Dean I must admit, I’m enjoying myself immensely. Possibly too much. You're incredibly... receptive."
Cas lets him.
, his brain supplies unhelpfully,
And right now, Cas is giving it to him like this: Dean's hands pinned on either side of his head, and Cas bouncing up and down on his dick languidly, no rush about it. They almost never do it like this, with Dean inside Cas, but when they do, boy does Cas like to take his time. They even break out the nice lube, the kind that lasts and lasts. Cas makes Dean last and last, too, edging his cock with that tight, lazy slide up and down its length, slow and steady until Dean’s losing track of time, squirming and sweating a big wet spot on the bed below them, and his legs are shaking and fuck, it would feel good to come. If Cas just gave him a little bit more he could come. But he's not giving Dean any more, not saying a word, just watching Dean like a hawk above him, sinking his heat down around Dean's cock, and up, and down, and watching and waiting with sharp eyes for Dean to unravel underneath him.
He fucks himself down onto Dean’s cock abruptly and harshly, setting a new, ruthless pace that jolts Dean's eyes open. His heart hammers as he looks up at Cas, whose eyes are dark and wide, the veneer of control slipping as he fucks Dean's cock with ragged urgency; something wild, something like awe shining through that look that makes Dean want to hide and roll over for him all at once.
“The power and control you afford me in our intimate moments, Dean… It’s intoxicating. It’s a gift I wouldn’t have had the words to ask for. It makes me feel closer to the divine than I ever felt as an angel. The way that you look at me, look
“I feel honored and cherished when you need me, Dean. And I love caring for you, always, but especially when you’re so vulnerable for me.”
“I liked it,” he says easily, after a moment. “I would like it to happen again.”
“I DON’T WANT TO FUCK MY DAD, CAS!”
“Are you going to react this way every time you...?"
Dean shuts his eyes against it while his blood beats the inside of his skin in humiliation, his cock pulsating
Dean doesn’t say anything. Cas takes that as his cue.
He can't do this.
Castiel’s voice cuts through him like a knife, urgent and firm, and underneath: something rough, unraveling, barely restrained.
“No.”
Cas sits next to him. Tension broils between them, and not the sexy kind. Cas does roll his eyes then, seeming to make his mind up about something. He props a big, squishy pillow against the corner of the couch and leans back into it, opening his legs a little to leave space for Dean. Dean looks at him simmeringly and doesn’t move.
Castiel hums again, like this answer is okay, this answer is alright. But that’s not the whole thing, and maybe Cas deserves the whole thing.
“That’s exactly why we need to talk about it.”
decides when Dean's ready. Dean feels his sanity leaking out his ears.
Dean’s brain short circuits. Forgive him? Cas didn’t do anything wrong. Dean’s the one who… who…
Castiel watches him. He holds Dean’s wild gaze for a beat, two, three, as he slowly swallows Dean’s poor cock into the merciless heat of his body, as he looks Dean's desperation in the eye, and says:
“Sit.” There’s no room for argument. Dean can’t believe he’s taking orders from an ex-angel wearing a bathrobe and friggin' bumblebee pajamas. He got Cas those pajamas, but still.
Ah fuck. He’s gonna have to talk about it.
Cas presses in close to Dean then, and the shift in weight
, he loves him, oh
—and then back down again, unrelenting, and Dean can feel his whole heart beating in his groin, throbbing in his penis, and Castiel just keeps fucking him, pinning him with his hands, his weight, his eyes, practically navy they're so warm and dark, something curious and sadistic glinting behind them now underneath all that infuriating patience, and Dean wants, he
—please! Make it so good for you be
the head tilt.
Dean can
he feels but Cas doesn’t want him to. And he—he can hold on. For Cas. He squeezes Cas’s hands even tighter. He closes his eyes. Holds on.
Of course, he does. “That’s very good, Dean,” Cas murmurs, and Dean trembles. “Do you like feeling this way?”
“Dean.”
” He doesn't know if he's ever been so deranged with need, his body white-hot, desperation reaching a fever pitch, and he feels helpless in a way he hasn't felt since, since—
He points to the couch. They're in the Dean Cave, where Dean promptly ran with his tail tucked between his legs after...
“And I…” Castiel hesitates, and it feels like he's hanging off a cliff, waiting for what Cas is gonna say next. When Cas speaks, he sounds almost bashful, just shy of ashamed. “I have never regretted falling, Dean. It’s an exchange I would make again without hesitation, losing my connection to heaven to be here on Earth with you. I want to assure you, no part of me regrets it. Not for an instant. But in my darker moments... at my most insecure… I feel powerless compared to the being I once was.”
“Okay.”
“Why did you like it?” Castiel counters lightly, curious.
Something satisfied and amused blooms behind Castiel's reverent, watchful expression. This is what he wanted, exactly where he wanted Dean. The corner of his lip pulls into a warm smile and Dean's got no self-preservation because he feels himself grinning right back like a goon, even knowing Cas is gonna toy with him. He lovehates this game, but he
Castiel hums affirmingly. Without any hesitation, any shame, he says, “As far as I know, a
“Dean…”
but not coming, thank god
“No.”
likes it best this way. This is just how Cas likes to give it.
There it is. Dean’s cheeks burn. He swallows and his throat clicks, gone dry.
his name cradled long in Castiel’s mouth like a moan, like a prayer. “I have you. I have you. I’m holding you right,” he pauses, sighs, sinks his hips down onto Dean so slowly, squeezing, “here. Right here.” Up again, then down, then up. Dean's thighs quiver and the sweat runs off him in rivulets. Cas holds him firm. Cas won’t let him slip away. “I’m right here,” he assures, the tight grip of his hole sucking Dean’s erection inside, and Dean’s vision blurs. “I’ve got you right here, Dean.”
He sits.
" breathe, "cuhhh—
Dean’s brain screams at him accusingly,
Dean determinedly doesn't think about it. He likes—he likes whatever Cas likes, okay? And Cas likes, well... Ever since they yoinked him out of the Empty and Dean got his head out of his ass and they—well... Turns out Cas is kind of a fucking horndog. Dean ain't complaining, and hell, who can blame the guy? Dean's had a lifetime of sex, his fair share of freaky-deaky shit too, not to toot his own horn, but Cas has some serious catching up to do, and he's gunning it. Dean's just glad to be along for the ride, and if it turns out that right now what Cas really wants is to be the one in the driver's seat? Hey. This is the one place Dean's happy to sit back and let him. He just wants to make it nice for Cas. And if he purposefully doesn't think about how any which way they slice it, whether Dean's getting dicked (often) or Cas is getting dicked (not so often) or they're just rutting against each other like horny teenagers (all the time), somehow it always feels like, like maybe
“And small,” he whispers, not really sure if Cas will even hear that one. Maybe it's better if he doesn't.
Dean holds his shock, absorbing this silently. Not where he expected Cas to go. He winces at all the times he dogged on Cas's weakening connection to angel mojo, aware that he didn't exactly have
Dean bites Castiel’s shirt, sucking it into his mouth. He chews for a second, thinking, before tugging away and thumping his forehead against Cas’s chest a few times. Cas indulges him patiently, just letting Dean do this weird little avoidance dance; doesn't comment or protest even as Dean tries with all his might to burrow into Cas's armpit and disappear. There isn't enough room. He's too big. It smells good though. Like Cas and sex and laundry detergent and musk and onions, kinda. Human. He presses his nose there, inhales deeply. Cas still just lets him, still petting his hair. Eventually, Dean caves. “Yes.”
—so sensitive around the throbbing head almost too tight—
—but fuck Dean's whole cock is sheathed inside him and it's so tight and wet with their stupid fancy lube and how much his cock's leaking, and Dean can't help the needy groan that spills out of him, even though he's biting his lip so hard it'll bruise later. Cas just holds him still, a silent steady weight, and Dean trembles and breathes raggedly and his toes curl and he searches Castiel’s eyes, so fucking blue and dark, for the answer he already knows.
Dean's tongue feels so thick and hot in his mouth he can hardly form words, can hardly take a shaking breath between his clenched teeth and the huge lump in his throat, but he pleads with Castiel with his stupid leaking eyes as hard as he can, “
Castiel pins him with a look that is all barely-restrained condescension and open pity. Dean can tell it's taking every ounce of strength he has not to roll his eyes.
“I think we’re overdue for a talk.”
, and he can only breathe in gasps through gritted teeth, every exhale starting as a growl and fraying into a ragged, desperate keen, and his face is wet with—with something, and still, Cas just fucks down onto him, seemingly so unbothered by Dean's entire dick in his ass that if it weren't for the blush across his cheeks and chest, the sweat dripping from his brow, and of course his erection, ignored and stuck up between them, Dean would think he couldn't even fucking feel it, and humiliation rips through him so hot and fast that he thinks
Dean tilts his head back to meet Castiel’s gaze, simmering and gentle. Cas reaches up to cradle Dean’s jaw, to hold him there. His eyes flick between Dean’s, adoring, worshipful, and his lips part as if to say;
“What?” Dean grumbles.
He tries to put together a coherent objection, but he can't. All that comes out is an accusatory,
Dean boils over.
A wrecked, quavering thing.
it’s practically a shout. Dean is sitting up now, distancing himself. He won’t look at Cas. He can’t. He feels humiliated. He can’t believe this is happening.
“No."
“Yes. Wasn’t that obvious? I had a powerful orgasm.” Dean won’t look at him but he can
Dean wishes he could crack Cas’s chest and crawl inside.
“Dean,
Cas chuckles, a small thing, and gives him a reassuring squeeze. “What I mean is that I want whatever makes you happiest, Dean. If this is not what you desire, you can tell me. If we do decide to continue with the," he pauses, and Dean can hear the air quotes coming. "'Kinky sex,’" yep, "I need to ensure that what we’re engaging in is fully consensual. I’ve been reckless with you so far, I’ve been, I’ve been…”
