“Where are we?” John looked up at the now grey bricks that lined the walls. In the other rooms, they were white. This room in particular, looked much different than the others he’s seen.
After Sherlock talked one of the blokes into trading his room for a bunk, he made his way into the living room. John’s laughter filled the cabin, but this wasn’t his normal laugh, no, this was his tipsy laugh. Oh, great, this trip has taken a turn for the worst.
“I’m certain my troublesome brother will fret over this, but I thought it would be nice to visit something my father built. This city may be small, but it’s history is rich. Do you see the purple vines curling up the side of the pink petaled plant?” The prince pointed towards said plant. “That is what we use to heal those injured in battle. When boiled in a pot of water, the petals release a thick substance which those healers over there,” He points to a group of people in mask and robes. “turn into a paste or something edible before using it to treat our wounded. There are many plants inside these walls which have magnificent healing properties. It’s quite amazing. Some flowers can even turn your face blue or orange.” Sherlock went on about the other plants surrounding them.
“I know it’s fine.” Sherlock shot back. Tension seeped into the atmosphere, causing both men to stand frozen. The pink tip of Johns tongue darted out and slowly dragged across his bottom lip, catching the attention of the prince.
the world of good." He'd kept his attraction to the doctor so closely to his chest that he'd never bothered looking to see if it was returned; if someone had ever suggested to him that John wanted him, maybe he would have said something sooner. "You don't need a statement from us now, do you? John and I have some…
"I can recognise Her Majesty's seal," the man argued. He folded his arms across his barrel chest with an air of finality. John watched as Sherlock's grey-green eyes narrowed, calculations whizzing behind his eyes almost too fast for John to keep track.
that suggested it wasn't his first choice of descriptor. John frowned, but said hello to the now-scowling butler. Sherlock ignored all three of them, striding immediately to the fireplace and running his long-fingered hands up the corners where it protruded from the wall. The butler looked indignantly at John as though he had the power to rein him in. John shrugged helplessly, hearing Donovan tut behind him.
Joe kicked off his own pyjama bottoms to wipe himself off one-handed, the other trapped under Sherlock's side where they had fallen. He lay back and pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock's forehead.
They reached the seventh-form landing; the noise of the younger students rushing around each other's rooms fell away. "Her, and that teacher," Julien clarified. "And it is definitely
John copied the gesture of closing his fist around Sherlock's hand, his own movement quick as though involuntary.
"I've known him, what, three days now?" John replied, trying to sound dismissive. The fact that he had to
Sherlock had spent a fair bit of time in the Restricted Section since having the idea, and he'd read stories about how foul drinking Polyjuice potion was. He'd been ready to pinch his nose and force himself to swallow a terrifically nasty-looking and –smelling concoction, but once he had dropped one of John's hairs into it, the little bottle turned the sandy yellow-blond colour of the hair and gave off a smell like peanut-butter and petrichor. It was very
"How so?" John asks, surprised. He's never seen it like that; Sherlock's very existence is a blaze of glory and energy and intelligence, and his own… well, it's
He couldn't help but smile at the metaphor, noticing the movements of his fingers but being unable to stop them. The Doctor looked down at them and grinned. "She approves of you," he said, his voice returning to its usual joviality. "I didn't think she would. I thought she might even try to throw you out, you being all…" he waved a hand like a fish fighting for oxygen, the gesture encompassing Sherlock's body. "Complicated."
The woman watches him for a moment, frowning. "I promise I'll delete it after I've shown it to her," Sherlock reassures.
The range attendant gives them both looks of deep mistrust and quickly removes the rifle from their reach. "Three cans," he grunts mechanically. "That gets yer one of these here prizes."
Sherlock affected a quiet giggle. His hand worked its way up John's neck, cupping his jaw with a light-hearted fondness. "We can't have that," he whispered back, allowing himself to be lured almost hypnotically closer to his friend's lips. John had thin, sharply-defined lips on which both smiles and disapproval were instantly obvious. Sherlock had loved them even before he had discovered what they felt like moving determinedly against his own.
Sherlock shook his head. "It's not the same." He hesitated for a moment, then drew a deep breath in. "You're welcome to come back," he said tentatively. "I mean… we could meld again. If you wanted."
Eventually he let go, his hands unwinding from the tight grip they had had on Sherlock's hair and bum. They didn't break apart; John merely gave Sherlock a moment to pant harshly into his scalp before fixing his lips against Sherlock's outstretched neck. Sherlock gasped, his body sagging into John's, forgetting the music and the dance. He let the less-than-gentle sucking and biting continue for a moment before pulling away, trying uneasily to resume the rotation of their hips. "Please don't leave marks - I have to work tomorrow."
John's eyes had followed his body when they'd moved around and something Julien had said had drifted back to him:
, yes," Sherlock replied without thinking. "Charlie, please," he added hurriedly, squirming as John rubbed his hand slowly up and down Sherlock's penis and smirked.
The detective, however, was watching Will walk away with an odd expression on his face; when John turned to him he seemed to shake himself before smiling at John. "Inspiration indeed," he agreed, his voice still slightly absent as though watching the playwright had made him realise something momentous.
He couldn't tell whether the actor was looking at him as though he were imagining lighting his breeches on fire on purpose, as a part of the scene – Tobias hadn't quite grasped it, but John had always thought Hippolyta was a far more reluctant bride than he had portrayed – or because he really wanted John to wither and die in front of his eyes. Hippolyta had been Queen of the Amazons before Theseus stole her away to be wed, and John had never thought that she would simply submit to the Greek woman's way of life. On the other hand, Sherlock himself had every right to be angry at John.
that. What makes you think I'd give that to you? After you've taken control of my body and my schedule now you want to take my "heart" as well?"
"I'm… having trouble with some of the spells for the test," he said finally, his eyes firmly on his shoes. "I thought… well, I've seen you do all of the spells, but the theory doesn't come easily to you. I understand all of the theory, but I need help with the spells. I thought we could help each other."
without jurisdiction. Does that sound right? They look pretty gormless." The Doctor shrugged, still looking amused. "So. Maybe the bank would know." He spun around quickly, approaching the skinny, terrified-looking man behind the English-speaking counter. "Can we see the manager, please? It's important. These
He drained the glass in his hand and flicked it back down the bar, standing up with another sigh. "Well, we'd better follow them, either way," he said briskly, yanking a fifty-pound note from the inside pocket of his jacket and holding it out towards Henzell. "Thank you," he said to the barman as he took the money. "Keep the change – for your help."
The next day is windy and clouded, and standing on the beach beside the space where Elle Walker's body still lies – I wonder if Hutchinson actually
it if they didn't know better. "I'm not sure, Mrs St. Claire. He went to Pentonville yesterday after you left and I think he made some progress there, but if he had any definite news he would have called you," John lies smoothly. Sherlock smirks again, darting a languid look in his live-in PA's direction.
"No, John," Sherlock says quickly, sounding ever-so-slightly panicked, turning his head to look the doctor in the eye for the first time. "Please, I… I can't do that again. I'm sorry. It felt like… my head felt like it was going to explode and it
"All right, stop there for a moment," Will interjected. The boy dropped his scolding finger abruptly. "I know I said I wouldn't stop you, I'm sorry -"
on the safe side of too-loud so that the neighbours didn't get angry. "I'll buy you a drink if you dance with me," John negotiated, leaning forwards slightly as if to trap him against the bar.
John blinked. "That's brilliant," he said eagerly. Sherlock frowned at him as though he'd never been interrupted before. He pressed his lips together. "Sorry," he apologised.
She looks down at her fingers, twisting together in her lap. "My sister has two children, and Neville is very fond of them. I think he's always wanted children, but we don't… we just don't have the right lifestyle for a child, you know?"
Sherlock chuckles, too. "Really, John. Can you imagine Mycroft marrying the Cockney cleaning-woman of a cutthroat blackmailer?" The flood-gates John so carefully erected to stop the giggles collapse and the two men giggle a bit. Then John sobers up.
? – and toss the worn pyjama t-shirt over so that Sherlock could clean himself up, followed by the cotton pants to cover himself before flopping bonelessly back onto the bed. "Well. I'm guessing you already know what I was thinking about?" he'd say tonelessly, wriggling into the bed to play against the nerves spinning around his chest.
Somewhere amid the clouds his brain remembers the adjective it just used to describe Sherlock's arse.
Sherlock put down his mug. "All right, Mycroft: I'll make sure I get the train if you promise not to spy on me all year."
His words are cut off by another sharp twist of the revolver. "Shut up," the woman hisses. "You don't get to talk now, you filthy bastard. You ruined my life, but you won't ruin anyone else's. Not anymore."
Sherlock smiled tightly and looked up; the second man was short and stocky, his face comfortable in the haggard look acquired by men who have been through extreme circumstances, a plastic standard-issue cane swinging idly in one hand.
flitting between them until John made a tiny gesture as if to throw his hands up in surrender and turned away.
Sherlock stares at him. The slight, contented smile left over from their shared laughter grows until it dominates his angular face. "John Watson," he says quietly. "You are… an enigma."
John thought back to following Jim from Islington to Bloomsbury just to discover that he'd gone there for some bizarre hookup with a burly blond boy he'd met at the inter-school swimming competition. Yes, the Jim he'd known had definitely been gay, and wouldn't have pretended otherwise for anyone. Apparently high school on his own had knocked that out of him, too.
John shook his head frantically. "I only ever said things like that to see if I could make you jealous," he said, his hand still cupping Sherlock's face. "You never reacted, but I could never stop imagining that maybe one day you'd say something, or blush, or get annoyed –"
Sherlock couldn't help but smile at his practicality. That made sense; how could they tell if their technique was good if they only tried it on each other? He chuckled. "That seems logical." Julien splayed his hands in a
Their first case, and getting to know each other. You've all watched the taxi scene a thousand times in re-watches of the show, YouTube clips, and fan videos by now so I'm skipping a few lines of dialogue to get right at the meat of what we came here for.
Upon receiving an explanation of how Sherlock arrived at the conclusions he had about the man's history, Doctor Watson found what Sherlock did impressive even though it was directed at himself and contained a few bits of dirty laundry. Very few people would tolerate having the obvious truths they displayed pointed out to them, and Sherlock could not pretend he didn't observe and understand all those little things about everyone he encountered for more than a handful of stressful hours.
"Where is it?" Lestrade asked when the door opened. While a visit from the D. I. wasn't abnormal, bringing Anderson and Donovan with him was.
"Just a few more minutes, then we can begin. We'll need to be ready to get into position," Sherlock said to refocus their attention on the case, keeping his eyes on the point of light on the tabletop created by the light bending as it passed through his water. He lessened pressure on his arm and took a breath as the initial rush of nicotine in his system started to stabilize. "I am almost certain this will work. There is the slight chance that the phone was also dumped, but then it would have been in the same skip as the suitcase. Perhaps he's taken a trophy. Escalating behavior, possible after getting away with it repeatedly. Greater possibility he didn't see it in his car even after he remembered the suitcase."
"What am I doing here?" John says softly as he clumsily lowers himself to one knee, still holding tight to the cane so that it doesn't bump into anything and disturb evidence.
Thankfully, none of that is necessary in the universe created by the Very Gay Pilot Episode. Clearly, the version of the characters in that universe did not need two bedrooms for long.
When he emerged from his Mind Palace completely, John was sitting in the other armchair looking through a notebook with a steaming cup of tea at his elbow. Another cup was on the side table closest to Sherlock's chair, the honey pot, a spoon, and a shot glass full of milk next to it. John must have lit the fireplace at some point while Sherlock worked through the suitcase, because the light and warmth flickering from it had dispelled the chill he'd picked up after so long outdoors in gradually worsening weather. The mist was gone from his hair and while he wasn't completely dry his transport was no longer bothering him over the minor irritation of wet trouser cuffs. It was very efficient, having someone to do little things so he didn't have to stop working to handle nuisances like that. His usual consultants were only interested in a single task and then compensation. This flatmate idea might just turn out to be the most enjoyable experiment he'd conducted in a while.
John's alarm woke him at midnight. The new watch with its vibration alarm feature was the perfect Christmas gift for a soldier who still occasionally startled at sudden loud noises, and also for running a timer without alerting anyone. He crept downstairs as silently as he could. Sherlock was asleep in his room, recovering from his snit over John's 'bloody frustrating box of rubbish that probably doesn't even have a real solution' and a case that had him awake for 36 hours ending in them collecting a ludicrously large fee for their joint business bank account. The days of shouting over £5 of wasted pork and veg were well behind them. The project box was waiting for him in 221C and he got to work properly setting up Sherlock's gift. As he crept back upstairs Sherlock's mop of curls poked out of the loo.
"Well... no," Lestrade said slowly, as if just realizing that he hadn't needed to prompt John at all. "It was very professional. Anderson, change your gloves."
"Look at her, really look! Houston, we have a mistake," Sherlock crows happily. The lanky man rushes off, freeing himself from the blue coveralls just as he reaches the ground floor and out of sight, absently calling to them over his shoulder: "Back in a moment!"
"They won't work with me," Sherlock retorts irritably, which is fair enough given what John's seen. John focuses back on the body, trying and failing to dredge up a bit of something useful. There was one conference on forensics and autopsy a decade back he'd attended with a very cute red-head, but he'd spent most of it studying the red-head. He is certain he hasn't encountered this much bright pink at once in his entire career.
"So, we're both unattached. That's fine." Sherlock frowned, running over their conversation again, and then straightening up in his seat as Mrs. Hudson's intrusive assumption that he and John would share a bedroom and John's subsequent behavior was added into the equation. Realization ripped through him as the implications behind John's words and mannerisms finally registered. Panicking, his mouth began to bleat out a repeat of what he said the last time the issue came up, though the situation was a far cry from the overly thankful and rather unstable client who very nearly disrobed herself. From a hesitant start, his words sped up until they were nearly overlapping in a panicked babble.
"It's 3C out here, Sherlock," John said with a smile, offering the detective his outerwear. Befuddled silver-green eyes turned on John. On the ground in front of them the body bag had been carefully opened to reveal a skeleton slightly shorter than John himself without skin or muscle but with all the major organs. It was anatomically correct but abstracted from perfect accuracy since it was made of crocheted yarn, buttons, ribbons and other craft supplies. The fabric of the scull and other bones had been starched stiff and the organs stuffed and shaped with care. The intestines were two long tube scarfs coiled carefully in place, the lungs made using modified instructions for knitting a tea cozy, and the stomach was a carefully shaped pocket that contained a bit of fluffy 'digestive acid' and some tiny plastic food from a child's play-set. Thin nylon threads held everything in place where the friction of a snug fit wasn't adequate, invisible in the moonlight. There was even a pair of walnut shells cheekily hanging from the pelvis area with red and white heart-pattered ribbon. "You didn't honestly expect an actual cadaver?"
"I 'ope you don't mind. Well, you gave me your address," the voice of the cabbie drifts over his shoulder. Sherlock heaves himself out of the chair, fighting for equilibrium and nearly losing the battle as the older man continues. "You've only been out for about ten minutes. You're strong. I'm impressed." Sherlock manages to stand reasonably straight, holding his head up by propping his elbows on the mantel. " That's right – you warm yourself up. I made everything nice and cozy for you."
The walk was quiet, but not uncomfortable. After a while, John takes his hand out of his jacket pocket and reaches down to take Sherlock's hand. That was good, and the buzzing thoughts in Sherlock's mind quiet as a large portion of his focus drifted to where John's fingers wrapped around Sherlock's palm. The shorter man was starting to feel the strain he'd put on the muscles in his leg by the time they reached the restaurant, but was doing an admirable job of ignoring it. John seems surprised and approving of the volume of food Sherlock orders without even looking at the menu. Not that anyone needs a menu for Chinese like this any more than one would need a menu at a sandwich shop. They all serve the same basic foods, after all. Sherlock is a bit disappointed when John adds his own meal to the order, and he has to re-wind his thoughts to realize he expected John to eat the food with him family-style. Surely some of the long list of items must have appealed to him. They sit down in a family-size booth to wait for the order. Sherlock manages to contain himself for a full one-hundred-and-eleven seconds before he breaks the companionable silence.
"Made him one, really, I mean what else can you get for him that he would really enjoy? I set the whole mystery up. He's nearly done performing the autopsy now," John explained, stepping back to let the three police officers in. "It's, well, I didn't think he'd want to share, but if he texted you. Come on up, I was just about to make some nibbles. You know how he is about eating when on a case."
"No, you weren't. It's how you get your kicks, isn't it? Risking your life to prove you're clever," John says, seeing through Sherlock's still slightly tipsy denial.
"Fine," Sherlock said, launching himself out of his chair and taking his scarf off the back of the door of his new flat as he spoke, "we'll go together, use your phone to test a theory while it is plugged in, then you can bring the cable with you when we continue on. There will be a plug so that if you have further need of it as the evening progresses you will be able to use it." By the time Sherlock wrapped himself in his heavy wool coat and turned around, John had taken his own coat off the back of his chair and was ready to go. The smaller man wasn't putting an ounce of weight on the cane he held as they left the flat, which was something Sherlock would have to keep an eye on. He had a few theories about what sort of thing might cure John's limp and it would be extremely convenient if the doctor would be regularly useful and not just a live-in consultant.
"It is mostly, I suppose. We do nothing without asking for and receiving permission - verbal permission and with no ambiguity or deductions - and make it clear where the boundaries are, both the hard limits and the more flexible ones. Then we respect those boundaries and talk about it if they change. For example: I'm going to have to give anything penetrative a hard pass, at least for now. I may have sorted out that I was bisexual in theory, but I've never put it into practice and I don't know how much time I might need to adjust," John said as calmly as he could, though he was blushing brightly enough Sherlock could probably feel the heat from his perch on the far end of the couch.
"You see, John, it is only a few hours since his last victim. Now, he has received a text that can only be from his victim. An innocent man would ignore that text, assume it was an inebriated mistake," Sherlock explained.
"Myc set you up?" Lestrade echoes, and Donovan says something quietly in the detective's ear just beyond John's hearing. John ignores their mumbling and speaks over them.
"Maybe she checked into a hotel, left her case there," John thought out loud, though that sounded off as soon as he said it because....
"Ah, some decorative thing that's a pain in the arse to clean?" John guessed. Not a bad guess, considering, but not accurate in the slightest. "I've got a fairly utilitarian white set." Then, after a pause and a glance at a shelf displaying some of the expensive gifts Sherlock has received from clients. "I say set, but I just mean I have enough to make a set. Picked them up here and there as I needed to, whatever was cheap since they were likely to break as I moved around."
John was even willing to help with The Work, putting in quite the effort not to be left behind despite a less than stellar showing at the crime scene even granting that it was possibly his first time seeing a dead body outside a hospital or battlefield setting. The praise that spilled so honestly and easily out of the man's mouth was incomprehensible. Sherlock hadn't the faintest idea what to do with it, except that when John suggested that he could stop Sherlock felt an urgent need to ensure the man did no such thing. John's psychosomatic limp ensured the shorter man could not properly assist Sherlock's search for the pink suitcase, but the regular texts exchanged between them so his tail wouldn't get lost were both occasionally amusing and rather helpful in ensuring he took the most efficient path in his search by forcing him to consider not only the swiftest path to each darkened alley he could chart, but also to continually recalculate the path someone on a street needed to take. That shuffled some of the likely hiding places down to possible and some of the possible ones to unlikely. It only took a little more than half an hour to locate the dead woman's suitcase, a feat which was noted by John with immediate praise. Praise that lit up parts of Sherlock's psyche that had been left dark and disused for years and that he had never managed to get to work 'normally' according to a hoard of therapists and rehab specialists. It almost made how distracting the man was worth it all by itself.
"Don't you want to keep your eyes on it?" John asked. Sherlock pointed at a large and quite obvious mirror hung on a pillar not far behind John and answered irritably.
Sherlock was unaccustomed to having this kind of difficulty. He had a case. It was a good case: a creative serial killer. He should have been able to easily focus on solving it to the point of blocking out all other demands on his time and attention. He'd been following it avidly, soaking up as much information as he could get out of his various contacts and irritating Lestrade long before the D.I. caved and brought him in to help. He wasn't even entirely sure what day it was, as he had been on an odd sleep cycle to begin with due to his other cases and might have lost one from the flips to nocturnal and back he'd done. Even with that complication, the little puzzles he'd been thrown to keep him too busy to bother Lestrade about the two oddly similar suicides had been quite disappointing, then even more so when there were three deaths. Now, there were four identical suicides, there was something new about the last one, and there a mistake to chase down. Nothing should be intruding on his focus.
"Good news for London; bad news for your carpet," he says and starts to walk away. She'd calm down as soon as she saw the minimal damage and realized that everyone was fine. "Good night, Mrs. Hudson."
Sherlock sat on the back of the ambulance under an orange blanket. He'd been carried downstairs so that the EMTs could poke and prod at him to ensure he would recover from the sedative, with a few different fluid samples whisked off in a police car for immediate testing when he refused to be taken to the hospital for the fifth time. Mycroft's meddling showed when a phone call came a half-hour later informing him of the exact drug he'd been injected with, some chatter about low blood sugar, and instructions on what to watch out for over the next twelve hours to be sure it left his system without incident. He'd given his statement to Lestrade and the pills were collected to be tested along with whatever other trace evidence they found. The cabbie, one Jeff Hope, would be packed into the other ambulance on scene for transport to the morgue shortly. All in all, three-quarters of an hour had passed since the gunshot and the police and other emergency personnel had finally stopped rushing around like a disturbed beehive. He wouldn't call himself fully sober yet, but he wasn't likely to fall over and his brain was returning to its normal speed of operation even though his limbs still felt a bit heavier than usual.
"Is that a macramé skeleton?" Donovan asked. The two men standing beside her appeared to be struck speechless.
"How do you know she had a case?" John interrupted with his own question, as that seemed to be a better question to get the two men on the same page than the things they were actually saying to each other. Sherlock pointed down at the back of the woman's right leg, letting loose another rapid-fire explanation.
"I haven't heard back since we called in her ID," Lestrade said as he ushered John down the stairs. "It can take a couple hours even for a priority case, New Scotland Yard or not."
"But the Pride parades aren't for months," Sherlock managed to say when they were winding down, hoping to tag on another crass joke to keep the bright smile on John's face and realizing a beat too late that his mind had flown well ahead of his mouth resulting in him voicing a punchline without the necessary setup.
John followed Sherlock's periodic directions, catching sight of the man frequently as he swanned over the rooftops like the chimney sweeps from Mary Poppins. The zig-zag path Sherlock had taken over the rooftops and through alleyways was hard for John to follow on the ground, and the man was moving swiftly whenever John caught sight of him, but the time Sherlock took between moving from one alley to another had let John keep pace so long as he didn't stop moving. The only problem was the misty rain that started coming down on the soldier's hair as the clouds rolled in. The breezy weather wasn't quite a proper storm, but the winter wet was still a great deal colder than John's tropics-adjusted body cared for. The exercise kept him warm, but only just enough not to duck in somewhere to warm up. Several chirps of his phone signaled that Sherlock had 'found it, I knew I would' and navigated John to the detective's exact location. The last in the series of excited and impatient messages was some sort of special link thing for the map that essentially let John walk his dot toward another dot that was Sherlock until the two collided head-on. The manic brunette was holding a small pink case when he poked his head out of an alley several blocks away from their starting location.
Sherlock grunted in frustration as he once again had to combat ancillary thoughts. The solution to the distraction was obvious, but he had no time to sort through that particular backlog of observations to acknowledged and discard them. He had a case on and he needed to focus. This endless derailment of his mental process needed to stop. He tried again and failed to cleanly envision the stakeout. The mental picture of spotting the killer outside Angelo's needlessly included a smiling blue-eyed blond, a bottle of wine, and romantic music.
"Okay, I'll pull you in tomorrow. Off you go." Lestrade sighs, the flicker of embarrassment flashing across his face as he finally recognized John and dove into a way out of having to admit he'd forgotten the smaller man existed amusing Sherlock further.
"Oh. Interesting." He reaches out and slides the left-hand pill across the table while pulling the right-hand one back towards himself. Releasing the left-hand one, he picks up the other pill and looks at Sherlock.
"Less than an hour," Sherlock echoes, before suddenly launching into rambling motion again, "An hour! News blackout - can you do that? Don't say that you've found her; nothing for a day."
"Water is fine, just a small glass. We had tea not long ago," Sherlock answered. He wouldn't normally give the explanation, but if he was going to live with John, he would need to set a strong precedent or waste untold amounts of time fending off the doctor's reflexive caretaking.
go to prison," Sherlock clarifies again, trying to cut off the unnecessary conversation. John appears mildly amused by the entire exchange, quirking up one corner of his mouth in repressed laughter.
"You told them you had a corpse in here and didn't mention that it wasn't actually a murdered human?" John asked, scrubbing his face with one hand as the reality of the situation presented itself.
"He has obviously been dead since the Christmas party, and the gift I gave you then is the evidence collected from the scene prior to our arrival this morning. The level of decomposition is not inconsistent with the time frame. For the purpose of this puzzle, 221A and B were empty because we were all away, Mrs. H on an extended holiday visiting family in America and us to Edinburgh on a case that became a bit of a holiday. We were called back when it was spotted by Mrs. Turner's ladies from their window yesterday evening and took the night train home." Their neighbors had actually been away on a second honeymoon until last night, the rather loud argument that detailed their trip an unexpected event which fit the narrative too perfectly to be left out.
Lestrade left, calling off the additional police that had been en route. John's phone rang shortly thereafter, and Mycroft demanded an explanation for the report he'd just received. John put it on speaker rather than be forced to play go-between. The uptight older man ended the call with a demand that Sherlock stop ignoring his phone and listen to their parents wish him a happy birthday before Mummy got upset enough to come visit.
"But what, Sherlock?" Sherlock looked down at John nervously for a few seconds and clearly was not going to answer. "Right, so, really boring people with vanilla relationships that stay boring until they die can skip this sometimes, and most people build up to it after a bit of snogging at least, but I think maybe we start with it since we've managed to misunderstand each other so badly. Are you familiar with the term affirmative consent?"
"I was right? Right about what?" John asks, winding the conversation back and picking through the details again, feeling a bit slow and not minding it for the first time in months.
"Afghanistan," John cuts the detective off when the misunderstanding registers, "Army, not police. Signed up when I was sixteen as a cadet and became a surgeon. Don't really know what I'm doing with myself yet, now that that's gone. I don't think I'd have thought of forensics on my own. I was set up to work at a surgery handing out band-aids by the people assisting my discharge, and become a proper GP after some re-training. I guess... Well, I hadn't thought I had much choice, but then a friend of mine tossed me in Sherlock's path."
"You touched your face and mouth when you were going on about the note being in German. Contamination, and all that," John said absently, only half paying attention.
"Doctor Watson, what do you think?" Sherlock asks just after John has concluded that he can't figure it out.
"That doesn't sound clear enough for me to consider it consent," John said, releasing Sherlock's arms and backing away a step to emphasize the point. "Which is rather a shame considering I sorted out that I was a little bit bisexual while you were gone."
"Not in a police car. I'll be right behind," Sherlock agrees, his face painted with the same mild expression he'd had since spotting what must have been a police car with flashing lights out of the window.
"A cup of tea would be lovely, thank you," he corrects himself automatically, grabbing the copy of the Times off the side table that she'd set down. He hears Mrs. Hudson turn abruptly and move back toward the door heading downstairs, wisely giving up on preparing tea amid the riot of Sherlock's chemistry equipment and letting John finish regaining his composure.
"That's what you did, to all of them. You gave them a choice," Sherlock realizes. There has to be some catch or trick.
"That's fine," John murmured as the distance between them closed properly, "we've got plenty of time."
"The height of fashion for the woman who matches everything she wears," Sherlock quipped. "The killer must have driven her to Lauriston Gardens, but forgot that her suitcase was in the car. Wouldn't have taken him long to realize, not more than five minutes. Then the killer - serial killer so male is most likely - has to dispose of this bright pink case somewhere, but couldn't be seen with it. Quite a notable sight, a man with something like this, and in that neighborhood? Twitching curtains all around. Little old ladies, I love little old ladies. Better than CCTV, but no one saw anything odd. Lestrade would have been all over it if they had. He had to find an alley big enough for a car so he could dump this as soon as possible."
"Nicotine patch, it's impossible to maintain a smoking habit in London these days. Bad news for brain work."
"Oh, er, bottom of the Thames," John answers quietly, looking sharply to the left in a move that showed both guilt and some level of deceit. It would take around fifty minutes to walk to the river from Baker Street, twenty-five or so running full-tilt or if he nicked a bike - and that wasn't including the return trip. No matter, as long as John didn't have the gun on him, and Sherlock was reasonably certain that he'd be able to spot it even with the lumpy jumper given that he'd seen John both with and without the firearm already today. If John disposed of it in a place he though he could retrieve it later that only meant it was more likely to be picked up by someone on the street. Either Sherlock could get it back from his contacts, or it would turn up at the Yard in relation to some other crime and John would have no connection to it or its new owner.
Four months later, Sherlock replaced the battered side table that sat next to John's armchair with a custom one with a glass cabinet for a base. He carefully folded the reassembled crochet skeleton inside in a crouching position with its hands tacked up as if bracing the tabletop. He presented this to John to commemorate the anniversary of Sherlock's return from the dead, excited that it could be properly on display while being protected from stains and incidental damage. John tried to argue that it wasn't intended to be a displayed piece of artwork, but Sherlock managed to convince him that the yarn man was now part of their decor with an argument that relied heavily on the fact that John could not see Mr. Cotton at all when seated in his chair as long as there was something on the table, and there was always something on John's side table.
John had decided that he would tell Sherlock about his new hobby with the most dramatic reveal he could think of, and to that end he started making Sherlock a birthday present. He kept it in a box in Mrs. Hudson's sitting room so that it wouldn't be discovered accidentally. He had almost thrown it out after Sherlock jumped off Bart’s roof, but Mrs. Hudson had asked to keep the unfinished project when John went to clean it out for sentimental reasons as it had been complete enough for her standards.
It was that guilt from having his landlady clean up after him that started John on this ridiculous path. Sometime around the Blind Banker case she'd asked for a hand tidying something in her own flat and John had gone down to repay some of his debt without knowing what the specific job was. He then spent the next two hours untangling and re-wrapping yarn for Mrs. Hudson and her friends. The old ladies twittered on about how helpful he was being and explained, at length and amid rather graphic descriptions of their medical conditions, that knitting helped with reclaiming and maintaining dexterity in their hands.
"I understand, dear; I've got a hip," Mrs. Hudson forgives him gently and goes back into the kitchen.
"Do you want to eat?" Sherlock asks, ignoring the implications easily now that he has gotten his mind properly focused on the case again.
"Starving." John turns to start walking, reaching out to lift the police tape for Sherlock. A gentleman and a flirt, even after everything. If John acts this way while respecting Sherlock's boundaries it could work out to be a very pleasant co-habitation. John would eventually tire of him, as everyone did, but he could have some indulgent fun in the meantime.
"Oh! Brilliant! Thought it was going to be a dull evening," Sherlock exclaims as he puts on his coat, turning briefly to John. "Honestly, can't beat a really imaginative serial killer when there's nothing on the telly." Leaping across the room while he puts his scarf on, traversing the coffee table in the process, he goes to dig something out from a box. "Mrs. Hudson, I may be out late. Might need some food."
"You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and – what was it? – a retired plumber by his left hand," John says incredulously.
Sherlock demonstrates exactly that ability when the plainclothes sergeant Donovan and the forensics lead Anderson greet him with open hostility. John assumes there is a lot more evidence than scuffed knees and deodorant, possibly related to a history of behavior Sherlock has seen over his acquaintance with the pair, to support the accusation that they are having an affair. The delivery was a bit hostile, but so was Anderson calling Sherlock's ability magic tricks and Donovan calling him a freak without any provocation. That they didn't even look at John more than half a second then asked Sherlock to explain his presence as if John was a leashed dog, and then didn't even try to talk to John to get their answers after Sherlock's flippant dismissal, was more than a little demeaning. The two were certainly making a foul first impression.
Using small but telling details to deduce the specifics of people's lives was both an interesting idea, and an incredibly impressive talent to have if Holmes could do it as fast as it seemed he did when he first met John. He'd heard of cold reading before, in the context of fortune-tellers and magicians claiming to be psychic, but never thought of how it could be used for any practical purposes. It also seemed a bit implausible that anyone could take in that many details at once, but he'd have ample time to get the man to explain himself tomorrow. John spent the morning thinking on and off about what sort of career the man had. The text he sent using John's phone, 'If brother had green ladder, arrest brother. - SH,' implied some involvement in law enforcement. Holmes certainly seemed to think that, given whatever he knew about John from his deductions, Stanford's implied recommendation was enough of a reason to rent a flat together. Except that Stanford had led John to Holmes like he was showing off some curiosity to lighten John's mood rather than a solid option, and John was at a severe disadvantage in the matter of knowing who his potential flatmate was.
"I'm just getting a drink while we wait," John's voice pierced through Sherlock's thoughts again. "Not much in at the moment, but I've got filtered water, orange juice, milk." Sherlock looked over at the doctor. He stood in front of the counter with one glass in front of him and the cupboard open ready to take out a second. Dr. Watson must be big on hydration, a good habit to develop in the hotter climates he spent the majority of his career in. Probably best to appease him.
"Well, he could have waited for me to staunch the blood flow before he started playing twenty questions, but getting the story was more important to him. It wasn't just the one idiot, either. I've never met anyone in the business who wasn't a little rabid when offered a story, even if they were just the daytime telly sort. It's all a bit of a reach without something solid, but that would be a good way to get a woman dressed as posh as that into a place like this, wouldn't it? The lure of a scoop. She didn't have a phone on her, which I can't exactly cast stones over. She might have dropped it along the way or maybe she's a bit old fashioned about her work," John supposed, pointing vaguely at the notepad he kept in his pocket at all times. "A notebook or tape recorder? Whatever she had, if she knew she was coming up here for something not quite above board she might have dropped it on the way, or the killer did. Bit of a breadcrumb."
"They can trace phone calls, can't they? I mean if we give the number to the police, they could find the phone and we'd have another potential crime scene with more evidence to work with," John asked. Sherlock got momentarily hung up on the repeated use of the first-person plural in John's speech. When Lestrade used it, he meant the police force, usually his specific team, and did not intend to include Sherlock within those covered by the pronoun - most people meant it in that manner. 'We' always indicated a group that did not include Sherlock, sometimes with emphasis to ensure he understood the exclusion. Then, he fully processed the nonsense that John was suggesting.
"Did anyone see it? Where did it come from? Who is firing? Who is firing?" Sherlock looks across the road to the buildings opposite. Most of them are in darkness but one room is well lit, and the sash window is slightly open. "Clear the area! Clear the area now!" Sherlock turns back and looks again at the dead cabbie, then turns and looks across to the open window opposite. Moving as quickly as he can, he chucks his keys out the smashed window and looks down as pandemonium continues down in the street below, panting slightly as reality re-asserts itself and his brain finally kicks out the deduction that had been trying to form through the drugged haze. This game was rigged. This wasn't the same as when the cabbie killed the others: this time it was meant to be a murder-suicide. One of the officers scoops up his keys and shouts, pointing up at him. He slumps down, first leaning on the window frame and then crunching onto the floor amid the glass, closing his eyes.
"I have developed a network of contacts and resources. Otherwise I'd spend all my time waiting on idiots to follow up on leads for me and die of paperwork-induced tedium filling out all the requisition forms." A bark of laughter sounded as John pulled down a canvas weekender bag with tasteful leather accents. A man's bag, it was compact and sturdy in neutral brown. It was more of a metro style than Sherlock would have expected, but not from a pricey brand. Clearly selected for practicality, there was a very nice zippered compartment on one side for organizing bits and bobs which Sherlock got to see put to use as John packed with military efficiency. Until that moment Sherlock was under the impression he was capable of rather speedy packing himself, but John had sorted his bag in half the time it would have taken Sherlock to pack his own leather case in an emergency. In fact, it was done so swiftly that Sherlock wasn't finished being stunned at the implication that John would be staying at Baker street with him tonight. Sherlock got his jacket and coat back on and then they were off again, another forty-five-minute ride ahead of them.
"Trouble is, your friends all think you're acting," the cabbie taunts him as he struggles to sit up, recognizing dimly that he is now in the back of the cab. The last things he is aware of before losing the fight with the sedative are the sound of the engine starting and the cabbie's voice from the front seat: "That's the thing about people. They're all stupid."
"I'm not on duty, an' I don't do drunks," the old man says with finality. Sherlock pretends to fully lose his balance and rolls along the side of the taxi until he is facing the rear of the vehicle. Reaching into his coat pocket, he takes out his phone and dials the victim's phone. He holds the phone to his ear as, inside the cab, another phone starts to ring.
"A pink suitcase!" John exclaimed when he closed the distance enough that he didn't have to shout. A slight waver in his voice betrayed how close to chattering his teeth were.
"Wouldn't be a game if you knew. You're the one who chooses," the elderly cabbie keeps up the rapid-fire explanation.
"I've played four times. I'm alive. It's not chance, Mr. 'olmes, it's chess. It's a game of chess, with one move, and one survivor. And this ... this is the move." With his right hand he slides the right-hand pill across the table towards Sherlock, then pulls his hand back and leaves the pill where it is.
they realize they are about to die," John said with conviction. "While they are still fighting it. After, it's all emotion and knee-jerk reaction. Sherlock thinks there is something missing that should be there and I agree, but for different reasons."
," John answers carefully, a brief pause giving himself as much time to think as was polite. Tense, Sherlock was tense, perhaps because people who look him up often find the mess William got into and ask uncomfortable questions?
"But not someone they knew?" John asks, and it does look like he is trying to work it out despite the continued failure.
"Oh, what now? I'm in shock! Look, I've got a blanket!" He brandishes the sides of the blanket at Lestrade as if to prove it.
Having too much cash on hand was supposedly "dangerous for a recovering addict" according to the psychiatrists Mycroft was still paying despite Sherlock having attended exactly none of their appointments after his release. As if trading favors for drugs wasn't just as easily done. Sherlock didn't have a strong belief in god, a spouse, a pet, or any other appropriately sentimental purpose in his life to keep him clean - something that had the doctors certain he'd be back under their care soon enough. Even though Mycroft claimed to understand The Work and what it was to Sherlock he clearly agreed with the so-called experts that Sherlock did not have any real motivation to remain sober. To that end, it had been arraigned through dubiously legal contracts for Sherlock to purchase essentials without actually handling any money as much as possible. Instead, he used accounts at shops that had been set up for him to clothe and groom himself despite the fact that going to the posh little shops Mycroft and Mummy picked out for him to get extravagantly priced clothing at times when he was living in a rat-infested hole was grating. The underlying message that he should get a proper career, preferably working for Mycroft, so he could afford such a lifestyle on his own was clear and unwelcome. However, dressing well both felt nice and generally reassured the few paying clients he had that he was competent. There was no good reason beyond petulance to refuse to use the offered luxuries.
"Which is also why it is white, you can get new all-white or mostly white items to replace the broken ones from just about any manufacturer easily and they will match well enough," Sherlock deduced, keeping his attention on his tea and watching John's reflection in a mirror that was not yet installed on the wall. Then he remembered his earlier misstep of not having obvious space set aside for John's things. "We will have to sort out what things we are and are not willing to consider part of communal space, though generally speaking anything functional in the kitchen or parlor would be shared with allowances for items of personal value we do not intended to use for their functional purpose." John was on the verge of laughing at him, so Sherlock shut up.
"Very good," John assured, hoping this was going where he thought it was going. Hoping the absurd website wasn't a load of horse shit. Hoping that Sherlock had looked him up as well and could fill in the blanks of what John's military career was actually like. Hoping that someone who could assess and handle people the way John could would be helpful to have around. Hoping more than anything that he could keep the fog out of his head long enough to be useful again.
“I’m afraid, my dear, that I must be excused.” Irene bowed to Lady Hudson before following her friend to another room.
For some reason they pick on Sherlock the most. He grudgingly supposes that he draws more attention to himself than John, and the blog certainly doesn't help. And really he
Sherlock's hands stroked absently through Redbeard's fur as though he was using it to keep himself steady. The dog's tail thumped heavily against the floor. "I can't go out there," he said dully. "You saw them. I know my body's going into shock, that's why I came here."
He was grateful that Jim wasn't in the room. He trusted Bill's feedback, and his friend seemed to have almost as much emotion invested in the saga as John did himself, but the Irish boy's sudden interest in Sherlock unnerved him and he really didn't want to have to think about that while convincing Bill that he really
Hannah and Marchbanks were there already, standing by the door; the redheaded secretary had one hand on the doorknob, an impressive ring of keys dangling from the keyhole underneath. As they approached, he smiled at them and twisted the doorknob inwards. Sherlock frowned at the dusty room inside – even the huge window looking into the forest was so dusty he could barely make out the shape of trees beyond.
"Really?" Sherlock quirks in mock-incredulity, one corner of his perfect mouth twitching upwards. John gives him his best glare, and the smirk intensifies.
hear villainous music playing in the background. He briefly questions his own sanity, but then Mycroft gives Sherlock a positively murderous glance, and the first few bars of the Imperial March cut off with a deep baritone chuckle. "Would you two grow up? We are talking about your involvement in a murder case, for God's sake!"
Sherlock snorted. "Believe me, Captain, you are neither the first nor the most impressive person to attempt that. I am currently following up on several leads regarding the items that were removed from the Abbey Grange along with Lady Brackenstall. If you leave an address at which you can be contacted, I can ensure the Constabulary keep you updated on any progress made to find her."
The vibrations shook their ribcages together as Sherlock separated their lips angrily, sliding his own down John's delightfully flushed cheek. "For fuck's sake," he growled furiously. It was the ringtone he had assigned to Lestrade, probably answers to the questions he had forgotten about asking. The temptation to throw the phone across the room was immense, but he'd never build up the stock of contacts again if it broke.
Shakespeare nodded briskly. "Go on, then, good lad," he agreed, shooing the young actor towards the stage door. "All right, Sherlock - now
The spaceship was old, Sherlock realised as they lurched from planet to planet unsteadily. And it was likely the Doctor wasn't quite flying it properly; they landed with a lurch and a terrible noise and the Doctor instantly sprinted around to the other side of the console to flip a few levers. It must have been designed to be flown by more than one person, the amount of running around he constantly had to do. He wondered if he'd be allowed to stay around for long enough to learn how to help.
The forest floor was a pool of shadow; at the reinstatement of the lights the pool shifted and formed back into distinct shapes. "Four people have died," the Doctor stated. "
Ben shook his head. "Will went to get him from his house earlier," he explained. "So he had time to talk to him before they got here."
Being rejected by Sherlock this early in the process would ruin Will's new play, and it definitely didn't deserve that.
The man clicked his tongue patronisingly. "Very well. I am here to engage your services in a matter of significant import to the nation."
is only just realising that not all dominants are cruel." He sighed at the Inspector's blank look. "There are different dynamics to this sort of relationship, Lestrade. Being the dominant partner implies a certain level of control, it's true, and many people do play up that element and use it to incorporate pain and humiliation and a degree of sexual servitude. But having power over someone also leaves you with a responsibility to take care of them. To look after them. My guess would be that that was the element Stephens showed our killer, and she wasn't expecting it."
Sherlock leaned closer until his lips were on John's ear and whispered, "I don't know the dance you and Anderson were doing."
He looks up to where Sherlock has stood up again; the detective is looking at him almost pityingly. When he sees John watching, he shakes his head.
"So," he said briskly, handing Sherlock his mug and sliding into a chair beside him. "What particular spells were you having trouble with?"
Sherlock had smiled shyly and finally taken the hand that John had held out for him. "Sherlock Holmes," he introduced. "Experimental xenobiology. I'm also familiar with the logs of the USS
Peters smiled, the politeness of the expression marred by a touch of triumph. John's heart sank. "I suggest you do that, then," he said calmly.
He couldn't help but bristle at the line, at the way the boy was looking from Sherlock to John and back again. Who was the court jester to judge his Duke for something he had caught barely a glimpse of? It took a moment before he was able to remember his next line, and when he did it came out colder than he had ever imagined Orsino capable of.
Then the taller boy looked up, all blond hair and blue eyes that caught on Sherlock's and narrowed in immediate dislike. Sherlock blinked in shock.
you, John." He tries to smile, but it shakes. "I saw you and I knew I could have you, that you'd care about me and run around with me and not judge me the way other people did. I'd never wanted that before, but you were
It would take him a moment to come down, regulate his breathing until the immediate danger of passing out had lessened, and then he would blink and look around and most likely jump wildly in response to seeing John –
John looked around to see the Constable and his unusual assistant rounding the corner at a run, looking severely flustered. "Beg pardon,Sorry," he panted, doubling over as he reached them. Donovan forced a smile at John as she pushed her voluminous hair out of her face. "We were… unavoidably detained."
John gaped at Sherlock as the detective swept off, his black coat billowing dramatically as he turned abruptly on the spot with another call of, "Come on, John!"
long-term, surrendering to the fact that Sherlock was going to become the defining part of himself for the indeterminate future. Sherlock would, within their first walk around the British Museum, come to influence the way he thought about what he wanted to do in the future, from Christmas dinner to enlisting in the army. What were the chances that Sherlock was in it for the same?
Ben, who had not quite developed the taste for ale that he pretended to, rested his own mug on the bar, crossing one arm over his chest to do so, which blocked his body from the young man who was getting a little too close as he praised the boy. John flashed the man a warning look and he backed off. Ben grinned gratefully at John.
you insisted on a swift mode of transportation back here and was wealthy enough to provide it, and I already knew my brother would attempt to speak to you because I was the one who suggested it. Can we go in now? His class finished ten minutes ago, all the pupils have gone."
He catches the manila file Sherlock throws at him; inside are some rather gruesome pictures of bodies. He recognises the one at the back. "Hey! That's the murder I told you about last week! The one you said was boring, the meat-house murder in Brixton!"
to take care of them. "I'm sorry. I get grumpy at work because I'd rather be out solving a case with you." He reaches up a hand to gently swipe the toast crumbs away from Sherlock's face and pretends he doesn't notice when the detective leans into the touch. "I'd always rather be with you."
The idea had been playing in John's mind since their first encounter, and at the sound of that deep, sinful groan he couldn't hold himself back any longer. With a devilish grin, John flipped them over so that Sherlock was on his back with John hovering over him; the detective made a strangled sound at the movement that dissolved into a gasp as John brushed their chests together, briefly allowing their groins to slide against each other as he pushed his body into a crouch at Sherlock's feet, his face level with his lover's dusky erection. Sherlock's eyes widened, as though he hadn't considered that this was a possibility, but John barely had time to consider the almost panicked look before he took the head into his mouth and felt the other man's body convulse around him.
Will's eyebrows lifted, his gaze flickering between the two of them. "I thought you two were together all morning," he said slowly.
acknowledgment of Viola's love for Orsino. She doesn't even get to respond to his proposal, assuming that there
sex with you, but it's secondary - I have fewer barriers with you than I do with anyone else. I want it to be acknowledged that there are
her from the feet upwards. Her knees buckled; for the barest of instants, her body gleamed wetly red with exposed blood and muscle before it crumpled to the ground, stripped completely bare like the skeletons ironically-placed in the cupboard, her clothes reduced to shreds of striped fabric. The grotesque jaws of her surreally-white skull made a terrible
"Do you fancy lunch?" John asks as we head back to the main road. "There's a nice Indian place around the corner, I went there with Mike the other day."
Sherlock's lips were soft and shy against his own, and his large hands crept timidly up John's jacket front to tangle in his collar as the nervous huffs of breath from his nose swept across John's cheeks. For a moment John considered pulling away – it was too fast, he'd only met the other boy a few minutes ago, before which he'd been
"Okay, gimme." Lestrade makes a show of taking out a notebook and turning to face Sherlock properly. "I'll write it down this time." Sherlock takes a deep breath and starts to lay out the known facts about the shooter, feeling much better being able to sort out one of the complications in today's fiasco than sitting idle mulling over his shortcomings.
When they were halfway to Angelo's Sherlock prompted John to send the text that would lead the killer to them. He looked over John's shoulder while he murmured the instructions, glad that John leaned in so that he could clearly see the text appearing on screen. John typed out: 'What happened at Lauriston Gdns? I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland Terr. Please come.' And then all there was left to do was wait. The silence was tense until the phone rang, proving Sherlock correct. The killer had the phone and was panicking. John gave Sherlock's manic grin an odd look as he let it ring out. Sherlock immediately urged him out of the taxi, the process of paying the driver using his card annoyingly slow now that he was so close to the killer. He needed to move - walking the last block to Angelo's would burn off some of the adrenaline.
The 'B' flat was on the first floor of the building. The main area was quite nice, and John said as much. The one-wall eat-in kitchen and spacious, irregularly shaped sitting room were separated by glass-backed shelving that made the place feel bright and open even stuffed as full of odds and ends as it was. The other walls were covered in slightly dated, but rather pleasant, patterned wallpaper with a very attractive fireplace near the entrance from the stairwell. A pair of armchairs, side tables, and a coffee table were nestled in front of the fireplace beneath a layer of boxed papers in various states of disarray. A couch hid around a corner from the entrance with a small TV and writing desk between the two seating areas in the odd shaped room, also covered in a thin layer of odds and ends that would need to be cleared away. The furniture was a mis-matched jumble that spanned several decades of popular style, but similar colors made them work well together. Bohemian, John thought the proper term was, or maybe eclectic; a bit lived-in and that was quite attractive after the sterile matchboxes he'd been living in. It was when Sherlock admitted that the many boxes of stuff crowding up the place and the copious amount of chemistry supplies on the dining table were his own possessions - that he'd moved in already - that finally brought the younger man's odd eagerness to have John move in with him to John's full attention. There was something off about how Sherlock reacted to the possibility of John not wanting to move in due to the clutter. It wasn't Sherlock's hurried attempt to tidy up (particularly given how comically ineffectual it was) as much as the stunned moment just before and the slightly frantic and mechanical way the man went about trying to fix it.
They continued talking as they ate, filling in some basic information that they needed from each other to become proper flatmates. John was still going to physical therapy with regular, unmissable appointments. He would also need to go to at least one more session with his therapist even though Sherlock pointed out that she had given him terrible advice and tried to steer him toward an extremely quiet life when he clearly needed excitement to thrive. Sherlock had office hours of a sort, making appointments to see clients within a typical window of time. It left him free to work at Bart's at night and was also convenient for most paying customers, and he would often take multiple naps instead of sleeping a full eight hours at once. Sherlock explained with selective honesty, that that was a habit borne of years of lab work requiring regular documentation around the clock and swing shifts prior to becoming self-employed. John found the office hours acceptable as it meant he could expect privacy in their home after a certain hour, which while not Sherlock's primary motivation had also factored into his habits. People rarely showed up completely out of the blue, as they either contacted Sherlock directly or through a proxy beforehand so the risk of someone knocking up their door while one of them was in the shower or otherwise indisposed was minimal. Sherlock did not mention his homeless network just yet, that could wait for after John had settled in and become more invested in the flat, but the doctor clearly thought of Lestrade or some of the staff at Bart's when Sherlock mentioned proxies which was true enough that Sherlock wasn't honor-bound to correct him.
Captain Watson spent hours at the range when on a proper base, hanging out with the snipers when they were sizing each other up and trading techniques with the other soldiers who spend far more time on the front lines than any member of the RAMC ever should. In the beginning, he hadn't minded being the man who came in last for their pissing contests. It saved someone else's ego and was a fair bit of fun. A doctor's pay grade meant buying a round at the end for his loss didn't hurt too much. Later, he placed bets and won a fair chunk of money surprising the 'real soldiers' with how good a 'squishy non-combatant' could shoot. When stationed closer to the actual action, he had a steady stream of books to read. Thanks to a network of libraries in America somewhere determined to 'support the troops' by regularly sending mixed boxes of books to coalition forces, the available reading list was rather diverse. The fiction books were always snatched up quickly, but that was fine. Watson found the random assortment of non-fiction books he picked up are easier to read without getting distracted by the weird way Americans use spelling and punctuation than anything less cerebral. Getting pulled out of a narrative to ponder basic grammar wasn't a good time, but he could ignore it if he was already puzzling out some obscure bit of philosophy or history.
"Loss of fine motor skills due to complications from a botched bullet removal," John explained. The abrasive woman really deserved a bit of her own attitude handed back to her. "Want to have a go at my cane, too?"
"Damn my leg!" The words burst out of him involuntarily. An old woman fussing over him when he absolutely doesn't need it is just a bit too much for a moment, but his manners come back in the next second. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. It's just that sometimes this bloody thing..." John finishes his sentence by smacking his bad leg with his cane.
"Of course it was! It was extraordinary! It was quite extraordinary!" The praise clearly startled Sherlock, and he seems to preen under the attention once he is sure it is genuine.
"Sherlock can have that effect on people," Lestrade chuckled conspiratorially. "Never mind trying to keep up with him on a normal day, let alone while on the mend."
"Just this once, dear. I'm not your housekeeper," he registers her words, even says another something in reply that comes from his hazy stock of polite statements, but his attention is caught by a picture of the man that just came to fetch Sherlock on the front page. The headline and caption mention the recent set of serial suicides Mrs. Hudson was talking about. John thinks that someone had mentioned them to him last week sometime, or he'd overheard someone talking about it. Perhaps when he'd stopped into a coffee shop to rest his leg while out walking? Well, the man who fetched Sherlock is Detective Lestrade, and in charge of the investigation. John is just starting to read the article when he hears something behind him.
"Brixton, Lauriston Gardens. Will you come?" John hears a man answer from the landing outside the door.
"God, no. We didn't have time. But a guy like that would have had enemies, I suppose. One of them could have been following him. Whoever it was, he was gone by the time we got there and we've got nothing to go on," Lestrade admits.
"It's for shock," Lestrade says, which is redundant and obvious. Sherlock puts down the remainder of the water bottle he'd been nursing, trying to regain focus through the distracting lights flashing everywhere and the milling about of idle police while they await permission to carry out the body and begin closing down the crime scene.
"Good old Doctor Watson. I underestimated him," Sherlock says. In the mirror above the mantel, he catches sight of the wistful smile on his face. That will never do. He turns in his chair and prepares to stand up.
"Well, you're gonna have to go, Captain Watson, I've bent the rules enough tonight. Though... Where are you assigned that you ran into Sherlock?"
"It's January, and I'm used to lower latitudes. Not that Afghanistan is hot all the time. Peaks of 45C in the summer, of course, but it can be downright frigid at times with the Himalayas right next door. Add to that, I'd been in Africa and the South Pacific a good long while before that," John explained with a shrug. "It's been years since I've been back in London for winter. A nice thick jumper is usually enough, but then this misty rain. I'll be fine once I dry off."
"I have it!" Sherlock crowed, leaping up from the couch where they had been sitting as he contemplated the diorama of the original crime scene. "The victim, Mr. Cotton, was a handyman dating an heiress to a meat packing company but cheating on her with her much younger disinherited sister. The third sister mentioned in the original note is actually their mother's sister, who discovered the affair and blackmailed him, but the aunt was pleased enough by the free remodeling projects he was doing for her and did not want him dead or found out. That's what made Mr. Cotton a gift - the perceived charity he showed to their spinster aunt. You fabricated an excellent red herring, John, and not entirely irrelevant since there was some tension between the eldest daughter and her aunt." John stood up to take a bow to acknowledge the praise of his layered storytelling and Sherlock continued to announce his final deduction without realizing how close together they were standing.
"It's genius. I know 'ow people think. I know 'ow people think I think. I can see it all, like a map in my 'ead." Sherlock turns his head away, exasperated. "Everyone's so stupid – even you." Sherlock looks back at the man sharply, but his head is still stuffed with the sort of drugs he has never enjoyed and he can't help feeling that he's missing something obvious. He drops his gaze too quickly, the clues he'd observed about the man's life floating uselessly in the murky soup filling his mind.
"Either way, you're wasted as a cabbie," he tries some flattery. Rubbing his fingers across his chin, he drops his hand but is now strong enough to keep his head up. He looks at the cabbie. "How did you choose which ones?"
"Do you know her occupation?" John interrupted before he could get distracted again. "You had her name, Jennifer Wilson, but do you actually know if she is in the media or not?"
"So can severe blood loss. He didn't mention my fitness when he was running down my life's story earlier, so I have to wonder if he was just being polite..." John began.
"Yes," John agreed immediately, "I suppose it does." Sherlock steers the shorter man into Angelo's and goes directly for his preferred table. He drops into a chair facing away from the large plate glass window and urges John into the seat across from him.
"I guess I'm done for the night then," John said, an acceptable amount of disappointment in his voice. It was quite pleasing to hear for reasons Sherlock was decidedly not thinking about.
"And a similar problem with men?" Sherlock asked slowly. He felt as if somewhere in his Mind Palace the rust was being knocked loose from some disused filing cabinet, the familiar feeling of a puzzle coming together now that all the pieces were available. He looked out the window awkwardly as he tried to figure out what it is that has been itching in the back of his mind for the last twenty-four hours. If he just had a little more time he could think it through properly, and he wished it would keep until the case was over, but he really needed to secure a flatmate as quickly as possible. John Watson was his best option. People generally took a couple weeks to sort out their old lease and get all the paperwork in order when attaining new premises, so even one more week of searching would likely put him past his deadline. More importantly, there was a good case on. He ought to be concentrating on that. Whatever it was that kept trying to derail his thoughts could surely wait, and in any case, it felt more like a positive than a negative. If it turned out that there was something that made the doctor impossible to live with, he could sort it out once the mystery had been solved and the first month's rent properly secured.
“Girlfriend.. no, not really my area.” Sherlock stilled himself as the air became thick. Johns eyes darted around the room as his eyebrows knit together.
“Your brother called.” John mumbled into his chest. Sherlock groaned in protest, he knew his brother was off limits after their more intimate times.
John wiggled and pulled against the ropes around his wrists. His thighs shook, his stomach tightened. If he could only move the stupid thing off his prostate…
“You really should get dressed now, wouldn’t want anything indecent to happen while anyone could walk in.” John teases as he pulls away.
“What do you mean? Would you not have served your kingdom if my brother was in power?” Sherlock questioned with great interest.
“I didn’t cry when he died. I didn’t say anything to my family for a month. I wasn’t there when it happened, but given the fact that I was a healer, they called my team to his field. When I saw what had been done to our king and then I saw what my father did to protect him, well- I wasn’t too pleased. He was carried away from me, and later died on a bed from a fever born illness. I wish they would have let me treat him, I hated the king for that. I actually hated the king for a lot of things, but that wasn’t my place to tell him what to do.” John slumped against the wall and let out a sigh.
“Lady Hudson, is this an important lesson? Does this have something to do with who the prince will chose to be his wife?” Molly spoke up, she was almost forgotten. Her quiet stature and small voice kept her hidden in most crowds, useful skill Lady Hudson noted.
Sherlock smiled, leaned over him, and captured his mouth with his. A simple kiss, a slow one, but it did its job. “When I return, I intend to- screw you through the mattress- as they say.” And then he was off the bed and out of the room. The object inside him slowly buzzed against his overly sensitive prostate.
“Mum.. Do you think I could have my own protection? You have your handmaiden.. although she isn’t for protection she, follows you around everywhere.” Sherlock began to mumble. Mycroft let out an odd sort of laugh.
“To the clinic. I’m not going to work. I’m, off.” John took a seat in front of the detective. His movements slow, he tried to steady himself on the cushion.
The doctor's eyes shot up to meet his at the sudden invasion. It took him a minute to relax enough for his body to start adjusting to the feeling. As soon as Johns breathing calmed down, Sherlock started moving. The movements were slow, measured, but not enough to cause much pleasure for John. A grunt from the smaller man told Sherlock he was ready for another one.
Sherlock stared in shock. He didn’t know what to do. How did he get into this mess? Should he move? Should he follow through with this? John isn’t in his right mind. John shouldn’t ask these things. The choice to move was taken from him as John closed the gap between them. Sherlock froze as his hands shook. What is John doing? This is wrong. This should be wrong, but it doesn’t feel wrong. Why isn’t this wrong?
“Do you have someone in mind? I can send for Greg if need be. He is around here somewhere.” She waved at the door then returned to her papers. Mycroft glances down at the same paper to point something out to her gaining a pat on the cheek and a “good boy”.
He searched the castle, but to no avail. The guards and knights held unique shifts. How was he to know where to go? Instead of wandering around like a lost pup, he decided to search for his mother. She was in her study discussing something Sherlock found boring with Mycroft.
He pulled away long enough for them to both catch their breath, but soon was latched onto Sherlock. John nibbled and sucked on Sherlock’s bottom lip, begging for access, which he got. Once their kids deepened, Johns entire body heated up. A fire started to burn in the pit of his stomach and his pants started to tighten uncomfortably.
“Yes, well, you wouldn’t have normally said yes to a retreat in the mountains with a bunch of people our age. Now would you? No, didn’t think so. Look at it this way, now you don’t have to get me anything for Christmas, this can be my present.” John beamed at the thought of a getaway gaining another groan from the brunette.
“No fun in that, I say you haven’t had the right woman feed you.” Irene pushed her seat back and stood. In a few seconds she was face to face with the prince, her hand placed on his shoulder, the other hand plucked a grape out of the bowl. “Here you go, my darling.” Her seductive tone brought warmth to the room as it settled amongst the girls. She brought the fruit to his lips waiting for him to bite. After a pause, he ate it gaining a warm grin from Irene.
He cleaned himself off, then wiped down John. It wasn’t as hard as he thought to put the man’s pants on. It only took him a few seconds to come up with a passable lie as to their recent events. The only thing he could not cover up, was the marks let on his skin. A scarf would do. A scarf could fix this.. but it couldn’t. It can’t.
The day dragged on. The girls waited in their rooms until it was time for another meal. When the prince didn’t show up, the murmuring continued. When his mother came in to apologize for his absence, the ladies didn’t calm down. When it got out that no one knew where the prince had run off to, the ruckus broke like a wildfire.
John waited a moment before clearing his throat. “What was that? I haven’t learned Tusciane yet, forgive me.”
No, John couldn’t give his own advice. John wasn’t meant to be a companion. He was meant to be a protector. He was meant to serve, not give advice. Besides, his advice would be biased. John stopped putting his socks into his drawer and thought over what he was implying.
“Ah! Sherlock, you came back!” John left his small group to run and jump into Sherlock’s side which almost knocked them both over. Sherlock glared down at Molly, but couldn’t make himself appear frightening with a small blonde wrapped around him leaving trails of kisses down his neck.
“I’m aware that your people appreciate natural beauty more than others, but I don't know the extent of your knowledge on my kingdom. Nevertheless, we will be visiting the gardens of Aponi.” Sherlock looked her down before beginning his stride towards the guards and horses. Enola’s eyes lit up as she quickly followed.
“John, I’m going to find a bunk or room that hasn’t been taken yet. I’ll meet you in a few minutes.” Sherlock stopped by a hallway as John and Molly turned around to look at him. John smiled, walked over to him, leaned up on his tip toes, and placed a gentle kiss on his lips.
John took him in his mouth. He took him in his mouth. Everything was too, practiced. John hollowed his cheeks then sucked at his head. With slow teasing movements, he licked his tongue at the tip, causing Sherlock to buck his hips. He pushed the detective down with one hand, then used the other to pump at his base. With the combination of the slick heat of John's mouth around him, and the hand at his base, Sherlock felt himself fall apart. The heat that swirled inside him pooled lower in his body. His groin ached, his highs shook, he wanted to let go. He needed to let go. John pulled away with a pop.
“I was trying to grab my shirt, but you stopped me from doing that.” Sherlock continued getting dressed, and John steps out.
“Stop! Don’t touch that!” A man in a robe lifted his mask and grabbed her wrist before she could touch any of the plants. “That’s poison…” he let her go with a worried glance around.
John squints his eyes as he scans the room. It’s no use, he decides to take a few steps inside. Small hands snake their way around his stomach, catching him off guard.
“Mummy.. why did I agree to this?” Sherlock flopped down onto the armchair near her desk. She turned and gave him a delighted sigh.
“Hmm?” Sherlock looked back to his slides, pretending to ignore the doctors movements. John mumbled something about ‘forget it’ and then he was off to shower. Time, it will only be a matter of time before-
Sherlock stared at the space he left. John faked it?? But his breath, he was stammering earlier, and his eyes-
“Hi~” Johns lips curled upwards as he leaned over to capture Sherlock’s lips. With his hands twirling the curly locks, and his mouth preoccupied, John ground his lips down onto Sherlock’s lap gaining him a startled groan.
Sherlock twisted and turned down different hallways, staring at door after door. Where the hell was he? How could he not know the layout of his own home? This was getting ridiculous.
“I don’t care if he won’t stop, I don't want you two making a mess on my family's couch. Go to your room or something, and make sure to clean up your mess.” Irene pointed to the door and waited for Sherlock to push the blonde off his lap sending him crashing to the floor.
“What kind of a man doesn’t eat?” The girl in purple, Janine, asked with a smirk. Sherlock looked her way, but sighed. Only one thing was on his mind.. the end of this awful brunch.
Irene and Alessia stood away from the girls as they shared a look. Janine piped up from leaning against the wall.
It didn’t take long for him to get the hint. Sherlock took John into his hand and stroked along with his thrust. Neither of them lasted much longer after that.
“Now then, you’ve wasted enough time being coddled by my handmaiden! Our guests will be here shortly.” Mummy’s attitude perked up as she took Sherlock by the arm and led him away.
Sherlock slumped to the floor in the bathroom. A tear slipped out. Then another, and another. He clutched at his sides as the pain rippled through his chest. His lungs tightened as they beat against his ribs. His head throbbed as he clenched his jaw. What was he going to do? John is going to hate him. John is going to hate him.
John stared out his window at all the people. He’s never laid eyes on this variety of humans before. Tall, short, light, dark, curly haired, long-straight haired, mixed, purebred, all types of people raced around him. A young girl stood near a tent with hair white as snow, and skin dark as coal. Her bright green eyes pierced through him, sending shivers down his spine.
“Said your mother is coming to visit for Christmas.” John smiled against Sherlock’s skin at the shudder that escaped Sherlock. Sherlock shot up quicker than a man on fire.
“You were wonderful! I couldn't keep my eyes off of you, Sherlock. How come you didn’t tell me you were going to perform alone?” John crosses his arms against his chest and attempts to make his most displeased glare. He fails miserably.
“I meant that I don’t typically feel emotions like other people do. I’m sure you shed at least one tear for your father when he died, I didn’t even bat an eyelash. Mother thought I was broken, that I needed to be repaired. I believe that to be the reason for this insane marriage idea of hers.” Sherlock pulled out the chair that sat behind the desk, then lowered himself onto it. His knight stared at him for a moment, contemplating his next words.
“You’re just saying that so I’ll kiss you again.” He didn’t take much time to ponder that. Sherlock’s cheeks definitely don’t tint a shade of pink.
“Shh mum, it’s starting.” John flaps his hand towards his mother in an attempt to silence her. His mind goes over what’s to come. Mrs. Watson dramatically rolls her eyes, then sets them onto the darkened stage.
Sherlock approached the two. Greg said a few important phrases, but Sherlock ignored him. His eyes latched onto the knight. John gracefully bowed then tilted his head upwards. “I swear to protect you with my life, my lord. I will keep you out of danger and do my best to please you. My life is yours from this point on.” John looked back down to the ground to complete his bow.
Sherlock listened as John reminisced. He listened as John painted the picture of his childhood, how his sister was eventually shunned from their families elders, and how they had to hide her in their neighbors home until their family left. He listen and waited for John to put the pieces together.
“I would have found something to do, but no, I wouldn’t have stayed a knight.” John answered. “I’ve sworn an oath to be loyal to this kingdom, to your family, to you. My father's death was hard on our family, but through it, I found something I thought I lost.” This is when the storm breaks out.
“Did it work?” He asks and barely leans forward. John’s smirk widens as their lips meet once more. Proud hands come to rest on Johns sides. John lets his own hands find their way around the naked torso, until they stop at the curve of Sherlock’s back.
“No need for formalities. When you fought with the former king, do you know who it was you were fighting? Do you know who’s domain you fought in? Which people were slaughtered?” Enola quickly asked. Her words rushed together as her native tongue caught up towards the end of her sentences.
Johns eyebrows furrowed. His mouth opened and closed. He looked down at his hands once more, then looked back up. His eyes crept up along Sherlock’s body, until they landed on his face.
“John, stop, you’re not in your right mind-” He couldn’t admit that he quite liked this. He couldn’t admit that this was a possibility he considered beforehand. He couldn’t admit that by proceeding he would be taking advantage. He couldn’t admit that he wanted to. With a reluctant grunt, he pushed the blonde off him.
“Sir, what are you doing?” A familiar voice asked him, causing him to stop in his tracks. Sherlock smirked as he turned around to stare at his blonde knight.
“Princess, it appears our little adventure is over.” Sherlock watched John’s exchange with her and waited. Enola looked up at them in confusion. “No time, follow me.” John pulled them both out of the room and down a hall. In just a few seconds, they were thrown into the carriage and zooming out of the broken city.
John was reluctant to let Sherlock mirror his actions. He claimed he didn’t need to be taken care of, but after a few distracting kisses, he was too drunk on being pleasured to argue. Sherlock used his hands instead of his mouth, but it was efficient. When John was done, he collapsed on the bed, too tired to move.
“My choice had nothing to do with your families or your beauty, in fact it was quite random. I sent a guard to each kingdom and told him to search for a specific flower. If he found it within twenty four hours then he was to go to your ruler with an invitation. If he couldn’t find the flower, then he was to return home. Out of the twenty six guards sent out, only seven found the flower.” Sherlock picked up his cup and took a sip. The women looked at each other in shock.
Sherlock stayed behind as he carried their bags. He never cared too much about alcohol, it never gave him the right kind of buzz. It was always disappointingly underwhelming.
“I didn’t know he knew I fought-“ John looked out the window once more. “I fought alongside my father, who fought alongside the former king. He was injured in battle and later died from an unknown illness.” John paused to look at the princess. Her gaze never faltered. “I’m new to this line of- work? I’ve been fighting since I was young, so this is nothing. I didn't expect for my first day to end like this though.”
“What did he want?” Sherlock turned his head away from John so he could stare at the wall in defiance.
John didn’t have much to do. He thought his job was to watch out for the prince, protect him, but so far all he’s done is keep him company. John was okay with keeping a man like Sherlock company. The prince knew lots of things, facts, and he wasn’t afraid to speak his mind.
“Sherlock, please, don’t you have some matchmaking game to play? Go off and bother one of those helpless princesses that adore you so much.” He was waved off like a child. Why must he be treated like a child?
Christmas is for families, for friends, for lovers. Christmas is known for bringing people together. It’s also known for making wishes come true, and if there’s anyone that needs a wish to come true, it’s Sherlock Holmes.
“Sorry I’m late darlings, beauty takes her time.” Irene stood at the door with a smug grin plastered about her face. She strode across the room to the last empty seat making a scene as she sat. The prince forced himself to keep his eyes unrolled.
“I already told him she could. There’s no getting out of this, she said she’s bringing gifts, it won’t be so bad.” John tried to soothe, but knew it was a lost cause. Realization dawned on the detective.
“Brave thing you did.. taking on all those girls just to please your mother.” Sherlock jumped at the sudden voice. He looked around and saw the knight leaning against the wall.
“Yes, little brother, I’m aware of what the guard said. Mummy made that up to get you back home. She didn’t like the idea of you in Aponi, with all the attacks or something..” Mycroft spoke as he studied his papers. Sherlock glared at the back of his head before relaxing completely.
“Sherlock, we’ve been over this. It’s the holidays and she invited us. We are going. We’re in uni, you should be living up life, not sulking about a party like a toddler.” John put his hands on his hips and stared down at his overly dramatic boyfriend. This was getting ridiculous.
“Not like that you pervert!” He shouted out, gaining a few stares from passersby. Sherlock reached around and shoved his hand over Johns mouth.
“It was awful!” She cried out. “He barely talked to me and I offended him! We had to leave early, because there was an attack! I think they made that up, because there wasn’t any chaos or confusion when we left, no blood, no battle! I don’t think he’s even into any of us.” Enola let that last part slip causing many gasps to sound.
“I’ve heard some are going to revolt against you. Fathers and mothers alike are angered with you and wish to be at the top of command. Sorry darling, but not everyone likes you. I’m sure you will be fine, you have the strongest defense after all.” Irene spoke through a sip of her juice.
Startlingly loud in the relative silence of the street, Sherlock's stomach makes a protesting grumble. John gives him a knowing look, all ready to suggest a detour to some kind of sandwich shop or Chinese parlour; when he looks, though, the detective is studiously buried in whatever he's doing with his phone.
"John," he murmured against John's cheek as they broke millimetres apart to breathe, Sherlock's long fingers now sliding down the length of his neck and dipping under the collar of his shirt. "John, I want…"
John started in surprise. "That's… fine," he replied, patting Sherlock's hand where it still lay on his upper arm. "I meant it all." The detective smiled weakly. Someone coughed close by: John looked around to see the older man playing Bottom standing at the other stage door, his donkey's head clamped under one arm. "You'd better go set, then," John pointed out, indicating the man.
Holiday cigarettes, to be precise. This ash is from a cigar." He raises it to his nose and sniffs delicately. "An Indian cigar. The kind they roll in Rotterdam. Expensive. Who do we know who smokes expensive Indian cigars?" The question is patronising, as if posed to a child.
He'd probably smile a little then, just to try to show his friend that it was all right. "I was imagining that you'd walked in on me. Usually when I do that you're not still here after I…"
The Doctor theatrically licked a finger and then held it up as though testing the direction of the wind. "Yep," he confirmed brightly. "Middle of, I'd say. Just in time for –"
"That's fine," Sherlock said quickly, wriggling his bottom into a cushion. "I like the sound of your voice."
Sherlock's Ganymede seemed to speak with his entire body, pacing and gesticulating in a smugly animated sort of way, buoyant with his own wit. John smiled in amusement that was not entirely fake.
Julien made a choked noise, his mouth opening desperately under Sherlock's warning hand. "I – Sherlock –
John almost laughed again. "Yes," he commented, his eyes flickering involuntarily to the state of Sherlock's crotch. "Yes, it was. Did you, um – did you get everything you needed from it? Your theory, was it…"
"Please, John," the detective gasps, yanking at John's own jeans to try and force them past his bottom. John stands up, dropping his trousers, and then eases Sherlock's pants down past his knees and off the bed.
"Billy," Sherlock said, sounding as surprised as John felt. He jumped lightly from the stage to greet the children, sinking to one knee to place them all on a level. John clambered down to stand beside his friend. "Are you all right?"
He hit the point where, he suspected, the other boy had gagged and then backed off; his throat muscles contracted in protest, so he inched off enough for them to settle down before taking a deep breath, opening his throat as wide as it would go, and advancing again.
"I've been down here for half an hour already waiting for you," Bill replied in a tone of mock-affront. "That gives me time for… what, three? Four maybe? It's addictive, I'm telling you."
I don't do it often," John whispered into Sherlock's ear when next they parted for a few hurried, shallow breaths, "but would you like to come back to my flat?"
Sherlock gusted a laugh. "Save it," he commanded, rocking his hips down again and making John gasp. "There are so many better things you could do with your mouth."
He climbs back onto the bed and settles down beside his flatmate, his fingers reaching out of their own accord from the overwhelming desire to
The two looked at each other, frowning almost identical frowns. Then Mycroft took an abrupt breath in. "I expect you to give this matter your full attention, Sherlock," he said sternly. "Theatre or no theatre. A woman's life may be in jeopardy."
Sherlock had always found it appropriate that Joseph Grieg taught the Classics; he'd heard more than one group of girls in the school library waxing rhapsodic about his Aryan good looks. He suspected, though, that the reason they all liked him was that he completely didn't fit in at Cuxton; he'd grown up in a distinctly lower-middle-class environment and his accent still bore a touch of the North.
someone, John!" Bill's hands were flailing to such an extent that the people down the table from them had moved away to avoid being spattered with butter chicken. John remained tactically silent; after a while, Bill sighed. "Where did he go, then?" he asked reluctantly.
"Mycroft's assistant was worth a try," Sherlock repeated, sounding amused. "You have interesting taste."
since I've done this properly. With someone I care about. I would hazard a guess that stamina is not going to be high on my body's list of priorities. At least, not the first time."
John gasped as though he had not been expecting to hear his own name and folded into Sherlock, shuddering and
from her. "None of this was Charlotte's fault," Amy said, looking directly at the viewing window. "She didn't know anything." She sighed heavily, glancing at Lestrade. "You should have seen her face when she realised that Montgomery prick was dead. He treated her like shit and she still got so upset."
John laughed and crawled his way back up his lover's body until their noses were almost touching. Sherlock's hand wrapped itself firmly around the back of John's neck to pull their lips together again, drowning him in the kiss and the taste of both of them combined. His other long-fingered hand stroked its way down to John's bare behind and squeezed, pulling them together and
There was a pause as they looked at each other, and then John smiled again and said, "Goodnight," as though he was reluctant to leave. Sherlock returned the line softly, and then the good doctor turned on his heel and made his way up the stairs.
"No," he admitted. Will's other eyebrow joined the first in reaching for his steadily receding hairline. "Will, I'm sorry," he said, settling further down in the chair. The playwright's posture immediately changed; he relaxed a little and leaned forwards in his seat, his expression sympathetic rather than disapproving, a friend rather than a colleague. "It all happened so fast, I wasn't - we were arguing and then all of a sudden we were kissing and it was
"They may not even be connected," John interjected before Sherlock could say something scathing. "They might have just found Tobias on the street and given him sixpence or something to hand in the jewellery."
Sherlock sits forward again. "Do you think I could take a picture of it? Just to show her the style, see if she likes it. Not if you're not comfortable, obviously. I can try to describe it to her, but a photo would be better."
The computer in front of Sherlock began to beep triumphantly; instantly, the detective was distracted from the thoughtful stare he'd been giving John and instead turned to examine the machine's findings.
Sherlock blinks. "Oh, yes. All in good time. First, though, I think we should give Mr Boone here a bit of a wash, don't you?" Gregson barks out a laugh.
Sherlock tipped his head obligingly forwards and grabbed hold of the edge of the bathtub with one hand as John's fingers shifted to the sides of his head and massaged around his ears and down to the nape of his neck. The growl that escaped his throat as they reached there surprised even him with its low ferocity, making John laugh when he jumped slightly. No-one had
Amy nodded, still staring at the window. "And it was like she never realised how much more she deserved. She acted like Vincent was God, just because he never hit her. She'd go to that ridiculous club thing in Soho and come back with black eyes and cigarette burns like they were nothing, like that was something she
Sherlock was still watching him with an intense expression: John took a deep breath and met his eyes. "Sherlock, I…"
Ben laughed lightly. "I think it's fantastic how confident he is all the time. It's incredible to watch on stage."
They continued walking in silence for a moment, Sherlock clearly deep in thought. "What are you actually expecting to
"I'm fine," I reply shortly. For a moment he looks like he's about to say something, but then he bites his tongue and keeps silent.
Molly actually jumped in excitement when they both stepped onto the stage. "You're joining us?" he guessed brightly. "Everything's all right, then? I thought perhaps it was bad news, the missing women you two are looking for…"
"Mycroft's office is around this corner," Sherlock interrupted his thoughts, nodding towards the bend in the road. John glanced at the buildings around them; he'd been so preoccupied with their argument about
Both of them understand, to an extent, why people assume that the way they began their sexual relationship must have been wild and wacky and most definitely not normal. It's the things that they assume about each of them, the most weird, wacky and wonderful ways that people assume they would have felt they had to express their emotions.
John released his hold on the thief, letting him fall completely onto the cobblestones. "Yeah, Will mentioned you'd be coming. Can I ask when? Our Puck is a fan of yours, he'll probably want some warning."
John considers it. "There was a murder in Brighton," he comments. "A woman found dead – eurgh. Strung up against a wall at a meat-packer's. Sounds like quite an exhibition. Everything was red – she'd been dressed in red clothes and there was paint everywhere. Interesting enough for you?" Sherlock makes a so-so gesture, looking profoundly uninterested. "Oh, look," he says, not extending the paper in Sherlock's direction. "They haven't had any luck catching Milverton's killers."
Ah. Milverton, John remembers, is the criminal Sherlock's been chasing after; a blackmailer of the worst kind who pays money for incriminating or personal documents relating to celebrities and threatens to sell them to the media if the corresponding figure doesn't cough up their entire inheritance. In the past few days, Sherlock has been hunting down the criminal – and the love-letters he's managed to filch from Kate Middleton – with such a fervour John has begun to wonder what part of
The policeman looked irritated. "I don't know where they are," he said briskly. "They weren't at the scene."
After a moment, the boy breathed out again, his grip on his blue biro relaxing. He chuckled; Sherlock looked up in surprise. "You are quite brilliant," de Richelieu told him gently. "That's remarkable. No wonder people are intimidated by you."
Once again, Doctor Watson had caught him by surprise; Julien allowed his eyebrows to lift before assuming his usual politely bemused smile. "May I inquire the occasion for such a gift, Doctor Watson? My collection is not priced for the everyday, and Sherlock's birthday is not until June."
Lady Trelawney-Hope looks harrowed and frustrated when we knock on the door. She sighs. "Mister Holmes, I cannot –"
. Somehow in those situations Will always managed to place himself in John's line of sight when he looked at Sherlock, so that when he lost himself and began to stare he always caught a glimpse of his friend's amused expression and forced himself to look away.
, when John returned the favour, guiding Sherlock out of his tight black pants and stroking him gently. John touched a finger to his lush lips, pressing a kiss to his prominent cheekbone. "Shh," he whispered. "The policeman outside might hear."
He snorted. Sherlock treated him to the ghost of a smile. "Sherlock, I'm sorry for what I said," John blurted desperately as the smile faded. "I never meant - I've considered you to be my friend since the day we met. I didn't mean to belittle that just because you happened to touch a nerve with what you said about Molly."
John hesitated for only the tiniest of seconds before Sherlock made an insistent gesture towards the only chair, and he sat. His friend let his eyes slide closed once more, but only took a long, slow breath in and out before throwing them wide open again and leaping to his feet with a sudden surge of energy.
, not the boyishly enthusiastic voice he had showed off so much in the TARDIS or the quiet, tense, dangerous one he had used on Sherlock when they had first discovered the shadows in the forest. This one was bold, authoritative,
The silence sits in the space between them like a bad scone in an empty stomach. John sits down in his armchair, facing the detective, trying not to say anything else, to let him collect his own thoughts.
Will smiled softly. "You see people differently," he said, fondness creeping through his voice. "You don't judge people by the things that normal society does - you look at Sherlock and I and you see genius, where most other people just saw
"Can you tell me what exactly Lord Brackenstall did within the Government?" The detective asked, standing behind the chair at the desk and surveying the few papers stacked in neat piles.
There was a pause. Then a sound like someone clapping abruptly. "Okay then," the Doctor said brightly, the defeatist tone gone from his voice. Sherlock could picture him jumping up and flexing his fingers in front of him until they cracked. "Let's get you out of there. Invulnerable swarm of Vashta Nerada spreading through a university campus and
, Miss Lancaster, not a consulting lawyer. You were offered one of those before this interview began, I'm assuming you turned it down, which was a little foolish of you." She shrugged again; Sherlock knew she'd always intended to tell the truth and was just stalling to have the illusion of control. "I think you should come clean, but not for him," he nodded towards Lestrade, "and not for yourself. I think you should come clean because Charlotte is standing outside watching, and she'll probably want to know exactly why you've been killing every man who's ever looked at her."
"Yes," Sherlock interjected drily. "Could we maybe run the Senior Police Commiseration Session outside of consultant hours?"
Just like their first kiss of the evening, John was deliberately deviating from the 'script' of the role-play in order to make sure that Sherlock had the same reactions to his actions as the murderer would have, if this were not scripted at all. He really didn't give John's manipulation skills enough credit, and he
"It's Ophelia's cue-script," he replied, pulling his shirt out of his trousers and yanking them askew, running fingers through his hair until it stuck up in wild curls. "Just read the lines, just like you would if Ophelia were a man." John frowned at him, but before he could protest Sherlock had launched himself forwards and grabbed him by the shoulders. "
I shake my head, but that makes the dizziness worse and I stumble. The pressure of John's hand on my waist increases until he offloads me onto the sofa and
years. We'd have to get a fully-grown forest shipped in from Earth, which is a beaurocratic nightmare with the conservationists down there –"
They sat on opposite sides of the table, Julien de Richelieu picking delicately at some kind of sandwich, Sherlock gazing intently at him with his fingers tented critically in front of his lips.
Julien was not certain he could place material worth on the journal of H.H. Holmes. Not in terms that someone of Doctor Watson's financial status could comprehend, in any case. But
John gave a resigned sigh, placing a paternal hand on Ben's shoulder as he instructed the boy to mimic Lysander and Demetrius in order to make them both fall asleep to undo Lysander's spell of love; in a break from John's usual blocking, he lingered at the stage door to watch Ben playfully mimicking Lysander, deepening his voice in a rough imitation of Demetrius' to cry, "
still exist in this form so far into the future," he confided, running his fingers along the spine of
John started, waking with a sharp breath in and focusing slowly on Sherlock. Within moments, he had registered his surroundings and adopted a look of dismay. "I fell asleep," he stated, sounding somewhat indignant.
," he greeted after they had swept majestically onto the stage by separate doors and Ben and his fairy partner had flocked to their respective masters.
He could feel himself speeding closer to his finish like riding a stampeding horse and he knew he ought to slow down, to savour the pleasure and the moment, but somehow he couldn't force his hips to a stop, couldn't give up any of the feelings coursing through his body even for a moment. "Sherlock," he murmured instead, peeling their lips apart to whisper the name against skin, but the detective only groaned loudly, his hips jerking still harder. The detective seemed to have completely lost awareness of his surroundings, and the sight of him like this, his eyes wild and wanting, his fingers digging into John's back and hips harder with each thrust of their hips, made it impossible for John to do anything but tighten his grip around their cocks, bite harder at Sherlock's lips and the tongue.
He held out her bag; she took it, dropping their hands and smiling at him. "This is where you kiss me for luck, I think," she remarked, so casually John almost didn't realise.
And when he wakes up he sort of knows. The way everyone sort of knows, really. John sits up and lets his short legs dangle off the side of the bed and remembers the dream, and his body shivers and tingles at the thought of it, and he realises that yes, right, okay, he'd really rather like to get his positively
The chuckle turned into a full-bellied laugh. "I'm glad you enjoyed it," he said warmly. "I'll drain the bath and start the shower - you can't rinse your hair in this, and I don't particularly want your come in my skin until the next time I wash, either."
He reaches up his free hand and runs a thumb along the sharp ridge of the detective's cheekbones, his heart thumping uncomfortably.
Sherlock rocked his hips against John's, once, feeling the hot swell of the doctor's erection against his balls, a coy smile firmly in place on his lips. "I'd like that," he replied, bending his head to lick and nuzzle the warm hollow underneath John's ear. "I think we'd better go now," he added. "The barman's giving us nasty looks."
"Will said you play women because it's more challenging?" he queried after another few minutes' comfortable silence.
, Sherlock," John said indignantly, his mind still reeling. "It's just… I…" Without allowing himself to think too much about the action, he stepped forwards and pulled the younger trainee into a tight hug. Sherlock froze, his shoulders tensing, but just as John was about to pull away and apologise he suddenly relaxed and leaned into the embrace, his arms wrapping around John's shoulderblades. John just stopped himself from shivering at the feeling of a strong, proud nose sliding down his neck as Sherlock buried his face in John's shoulder. "You're just so incredible, I can't believe people can treat you like that. You're brilliant, and you're funny, and you've helped me so much tonight, and of all the careers you could have chosen with all your brains you want to be an
He saw Sherlock flinch in the corner of his eye at the line, but he didn't have space in his mind to wonder why the line had struck a chord with him as their Maria slapped him scoldingly in the arm with his own script.
"So," he says as he turns away, switching seamlessly into detective mode and crossing his legs as he faces Trelawney-Hope. "What seems to be the problem?"
The fantasy shattered, Sherlock's hand gripping himself in shock even as his legs curled up to hide himself from his flatmate, standing at the door, his eyes pointedly fixed on the floor. "Sorry!" John gasped. "I heard the noise and I thought you might be hurt…"
John spared an amused glance at the man who had whistled before sobering his expression and tilting his head to one side again. "
together, are proving as difficult to separate as a limpet from a wet rock. I'm not sure which of us is the rock in this case; probably me, seeing as he's the one that's trying to leave.
"What?" John asked, draining his pint and watching Sherlock swill the dregs of his scotch and stare at the police as they left the pub.
that a long time ago. But he's exhausted, and he doesn't understand. "Don't lie to me, Sherlock, please!" he snaps, expertly coiling the tension in the room like a snake in the grass. "Why won't you let me have this?"
Sherlock shook his head, his expression slightly shaken, like he was coming back to the present from far away. "Besides, I almost think that the more confused and unrehearsed it looks, the better," he agreed. "It's the culmination of a whole lot of misunderstanding, no-one in the scene is supposed to know what's going on. I think that's one scene that we can leave until Shakespeare sees it."
. It was happening so fast that this seemed to be the first he was realising it, but it was definitely happening. When he breathed out shakily and wrapped a hand around Sherlock's generously long erection he was actually
She lifted her hand and blew him a kiss. Bill wolf-whistled; John found himself grinning helplessly back at her as she slid into the pool with a fluid sort of grace that he completely envied. Jim shimmied across to Bill's lap looking disgruntled as John started up an anxious tapping of his foot. A balding teacher stepped forward and let out a sharp blast from some kind of horn, and they were off; Sophia's green swimsuit soared under the surface of the water, wriggling like a fish. He'd never really appreciated the beauty of a swimmer before, but then, he supposed, he'd never been emotionally invested in one like this before.
Sherlock squeezed him tighter. "I promise," he replied. "Everything I need, I can get from you. We've proven that today." He paused to kiss John's neck gently. "I love you, John."
"Excellent," Sherlock said, patting the worn DI on the shoulder in an attempt to rub off some of his good humour. "Everything she does differently tells us something about her." Lestrade smiled weakly, glancing at John and evidently hoping for some sort of conspiratorial look of the sort the two often shared behind Sherlock's back. He smiled triumphantly when the doctor didn't offer him one.
When she leaves, Lestrade sighs and downs the rest of his coffee – evidently not the first of the day. It's been a long night for the detective. "That was cruel, Sherlock," he says roughly. "To give her hope like that. The evidence against McCarthy is absolute, there's no way it wasn't him."
His eyes lifted to meet the sparkling green ones opposite him again. Julien was smiling, his hands pressed flat against Sherlock's ribcage, measuring the hammering of his heart.
Sure enough, as she opened her mouth to retort, Gibbon's barking voice echoed through the room. "McDougall!" Sherlock smiled at the girl brightly. Julien chuckled.
When the petite, olive-skinned teacher clicked her high-heels to the front of the room and called for silence, she caught Sherlock's eye and nodded in approval. Having got what he needed from the lesson, as her next sentence about evolution proved, Sherlock lapsed back into thoughts of John.
"I see we have a new student," he said, his voice settling into a vaguely menacing lilt. "Stand up, boy, and introduce yourself."
Lestrade sat back from the bed to give the man some space as he reeled slightly from the undoubtedly uncomfortable effects of surviving a cocaine overdose. Then Sherlock Holmes' eyes, a rather appealing shade of grey-green, fixed sharply on his own. "Who are you?" he croaked, wincing from the unexpected pain of a ravaged throat.
Sherlock caught it deftly as it was thrown at him and aimed it at the computer, mimicking the Doctor's earlier movements. He made a noise of delight as the password box blinkered out of the way, replaced by the camera feeds to the vaults as the Judoon marched past. He narrowed his eyes. "They're using some kind of device to override the iris recognition software," he told the other man as he watched. The Judoon had reached the door and attached something spiderlike to the many combinations on the door. As he stared at them through the monitor, the door shuddered and then opened. "You might want to rethink your estimate of twenty minutes, Doctor," he said lightly. "If they get through the other two doors that quickly I'd say you've got less than five."
He gently pushes Sherlock down until he's lying on the bed; he doesn't want to straddle Sherlock in any way that could feel like trapping him, so instead he kneels to one side of him and licks softly at Sherlock's right nipple. The detective lets out a hissing breath and suddenly his hands are back on John, sliding around the waistband of his jeans to the button, and John takes that as invitation to bite down gently on the nipple as his fingers stroke soothingly downwards.
They tried to leave once Donovan had taken Charlotte out of the office and back to the detention cells to speak to Amy, but Lestrade placed himself carefully between them and the door before shutting it firmly. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Do we
Privately, John thought that Sherlock was more irritated by not being able to immediately know who the other man was than by the worry for the missing ladies. It did seem a bit pointless to him that this man – who definitely knew of both women – had come here with a rather transparent cover-story and no apparent reason behind revealing himself to Sherlock. He wished that he had any kind of skill at sketching, so as to capture what the man looked like.
He tries not to pout, then realises Sherlock is out of the room anyway, and lets his lips fall into the expression. "I'm good for more than the occasional ejaculation of 'brilliant!', you know," he ventures.
Sherlock smiled softly. "Good morning, Miss Donovan," he said in a tone that was just slightly too pleasant to be genuine. "Constable Lestrade invited me to take a look at his crime scene."
Sherlock blinked a few times, as though John had dazed him. Then he chuckled again. "No," he said lowly, his fingers reluctantly sliding out of John's shirt. "No, I suppose not."
John rolls his eyes. "Well, I'm sure it won't be a stretch for the World's Only Consulting Detective."
"Yes – well – I didn't realise you boys were… busy… there's a woman downstairs to see you, Sherlock, another one of your little puzzles. I'll tell her to come back later."
sorry," he replies, lifting his face out of my pyjama shirt so that I can see it. "No way is this your fault. And she'll understand when I explain. I'll go and talk to her later." I smile tentatively, one of my hands trying to clamber into the soft hair at the base of John's neck without being noticed. He smiles back. "I think we have some ground to cover first."
He hangs up, turning to look at Sherlock, beaming. "Lucas eloped with a woman in France ten years ago. She just turned up at NSY and confessed to killing him in a fit of jealousy after seeing him with another woman. I need you to clear the scene, sorry, Sherlock."
John's stomach was in his throat, tearing itself to pieces with worry. If Sherlock was correct about the dimensions of the coffin - which surely he must be, as the longer John considered it the more incredible it seemed that the detective could have missed it in the moment - then it was very likely they were already too late, and the longer it took them to get back to the coffin made the odds yet longer. After what had transpired the previous day they could hardly barge back into the house immediately. Even if Sherlock was correct they could still be in legal trouble if the case against Peters went to trial. It seemed so selfish that they had lain there for so long, dozing in and out of peaceful sleep while a woman's life hung in the balance.
The redhead shrugged cheerfully. "Safe is boring." He turned away for one last kiss with his wife, and then John stepped away from Timothy for the last time, waving goodbye as they stepped through the departure gates. Neither of them said 'I love you'. Mostly because neither of them really did.
had to listen to his little observations about crime scenes, surely. Maybe his name would come up somewhere and John would recognise it.
The detective rolled his eyes, but his face was set in a resolute scowl. "What do you want, Mycroft?" he snapped.
"Oh, she will," the xenobiologist said smugly. "You saw her with T'Penya. Any little knowing looks will be returned just as strongly."
He smiled at the thought of Ben's open admiration of the man, and what he would say when John told him of the circumstances of their meeting. Holmes, too, smiled. "How flattering," he commented dryly, but John could tell that he was genuinely pleased by the statement. "I was planning to come tomorrow night, if you'll forgive the lack of
John's hand asserted itself into the small of his back and remained there as they crossed the living room, pausing briefly to snatch the laptop from the table, and the army doctor courteously opened the door to Sherlock's bedroom. He had not bothered to open the curtains when he had given up on sleep that morning, but he had remade the bed when he had decided to continue this exercise with John, so the room was in soft yellow half-light, one corner of the bedspread turned down invitingly, a brand new roll of bondage tape on the bedside table. John didn't spare the room more than a cursory glance before he had Sherlock up against the doorframe, yanking at the coat he had just slid up Sherlock's arms and stroking his finger over the sliver of delicate collarbone that he exposed. Sherlock shuddered at his touch and moved his own hands to the buttons on his coat, easing John's away before they ripped something, throwing the laptop carefully onto the bed.
To punctuate that last word, he reached forward and pressed a promising-looking red button on the front of its outlandish outfit, and the black fishbowl-type apparatus slid backwards. The group behind him let out a collective gasp.
ever worn a corset, so he simply smiled weakly in response. "I started acting when I was fifteen because I thought it would help me as a detective. You know, if I could pretend more easily that I was supposed to be places where I wasn't authorised, et cetera. I was a late developer, and at fifteen my voice hadn't dropped and I hadn't grown into my body, and so when I started acting the company insisted on training me to play women."
The younger boy shrugged diplomatically, spinning his fork idly between his fingers before delicately picking at his food. John grimaced at the first bite of his own curry; he shouldn't have let himself get accustomed to his mother's cooking in the week between boot camp and school. He couldn't even
by someone could be so good before. Now that he knows that, he's not going to stay with someone like me for very long, is he? Not with his eyes and his cheekbones and… what if I let myself get attached to him and he found someone else?"
" John gasped, throwing the hand that wasn't half up his own shirt across his mouth to stifle the sound as his hips drove down rather more violently than he'd intended and Sherlock let out a muffled moan. The last thing he wanted was for Jim and his blond beau to hear the noise and wander in; John didn't want to imagine what the two of them must look like from a distance, rutting against each other, too desperate to wait for a better time or place. He felt overwhelmed, completely unable to stop, like a sprinter heading for a crash. Sherlock's fingers were still playing with his nipples, rolling and twisting them, so John reached out and scraped his fingernails across the dark-haired boy's in return, eliciting another moan and a more drawn-out thrust.
Conversations with Sherlock never went the way he wanted them to. Every time he tried to be angry with the detective, he somehow managed to twist things so that John would feel sorry for him, or admire him, or laugh with him, and all the purpose he had invested in the conversation drains away from him. He realises, when he thinks about the kiss again, that if Sherlock
Typically, the room was sparsely-furnished and unspeakably plain. Within hours, he knew, every teen on the floor would have papered their walls with posters of Bowie, Michael Jackson or Madonna, but he usually left his room as he found it. It was just a bedroom.
Grieg smiled softly. "Of course. Come and sit up here, it'll be more comfortable." He patted the wide windowsill beside him, the curtains drawn back to show cushions propped up against the side of the window. Sherlock grinned and almost vaulted the desk to get over there; he could reach the teacher easier from there. "I might disturb you, though. I'm marking essays. It helps if I read them out loud."
Sherlock nods as though this was exactly what he was expecting. "How much does your wife know about this?"
against him, hot and throbbing, and wasn't the human erection a marvellous thing, so soft and hard at the same time? John's good arm was trembling beside Sherlock's head with the effort of holding him up and little drops of sweat were forming on the bridge of his nose, and Sherlock couldn't hold it; he threw his head back and pulled John closer with the hand that wasn't clenched tightly around their pricks and cried out to John, John,
Were it anyone else, Sherlock would have accused them of being so sentimental they had imagined it, the feeling of benign consciousness rubbing against his hands like a cat. But he was
John tried to smile at the two women as he followed Sherlock out of the room, but he didn't quite manage it.
Sherlock turned away, shifting his whole body sideways to look out of the window as though turning his face away might stop him from hearing, from feeling the John-sized hole in his chest so acutely. But the Doctor kept talking, and Sherlock kept hearing it, listening to it despite himself. "And then I met this woman, and she… convinced me to go back." Suddenly the absent frenzied tapping of fingertips on Formica stopped and the large hand grabbed at Sherlock's. "I understand how you feel," he said earnestly. Sherlock couldn't look at him because he was having trouble just
Christopher Miracle was a pale-skinned blond, built solidly and with clean lines, like some sort of Roman marble. He looked up slightly warily when they entered his office, but the expression lasted only for the tiniest of moments before he hitched a jovial smile into his elegant face and stood to greet them. "Gentlemen," he said fondly, his voice ringing with the lilt of the upper classes. His eyes widened as he noticed the embroidered patch on Lestrade's chest. "Constable," he corrected himself. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"
John laughed, but he let go nonetheless after one last twist of his wrist that left Sherlock gasping. "Hey!" John said after another long kiss. "There's still that bottle of bath stuff Harry gave me for Christmas under the sink. The stuff that you thought smelled nice."
The pellet misses the tin can by half an inch; undeterred, Sherlock reloads, adjusts his position again, and aims. At the second shot, the can admits defeat, clattering to the ground. Sherlock smiles smugly.
Tom the chauffer grinned a gap-toothed smile at Sherlock as he hefted his suitcase out the door. "Morning, sunshine!" he called. Sherlock couldn't help but smile back. He knew he was Tom's favourite; many a journey had been spent in idle mockery of his brother. He secretly hoped he wouldn't get the train today.
They smiled fondly at each other for a moment, John's heart still learning how to slow down after the morning's panic and subsequent intense relief. Then Sherlock glanced hesitantly back at the corner of the wall that hid them from the stage. "I really ought to go back," he said, his fingers tightening on John's arm as though he could think of nothing less appealing. "Would you like to join us? I thought after a little more thought of this scene we would try something else, perhaps something with room for a third player."
The detective releases his mouth, but not his hand, leaning back on the pillows again, his head tossing from side to side as John tightens his fist around Sherlock's cock. John lies down properly beside him and tangles one leg between Sherlock's; he brings their clasped fingers up to his mouth and kisses them as the detective's hips start rocking forwards helplessly. Sherlock is chanting as his head writhes around the pillow and John noses into his flatmate's neck to be closer to the words – a desperate litany of his own name.
They laughed. "Patience. I didn't think that was the impression I gave her," he commented. "So you reckon I should start keeping an eye out for sixth-formers who want me to teach them photosynthesis?"
"No doubt," John replied dryly. He thought Bill was probably right; most people tended to. It was difficult to
John nodded. "That's why I asked what memory you used. It might just be that you need to practise, or concentrate more, but it might be that your happy memory wasn't strong enough. Try another one. Maybe a more recent one? Just a memory of doing something with your friends and being
speeches that they all start to blend in together even as he listens to the next one. He sits patiently and pretends to listen while the detective rolls his eyes in a decidedly unsympathetic way and Mrs St. Claire runs herself down into a few short bursts of tears. "Sorry," she finishes pathetically.
John flushed and looked up at Bill, who was once again leaning conspiratorially over the table towards him with a piece of toast dangling from his fingers dangerously close to his second cup of coffee. "I don't know, Bill," he said, allowing his irritation to show in his voice. "It's only Thursday, I don't have to decide right now."
she's not into BDSM for the pain. I've tried talking to her so many times… do you have any idea what it's like having someone so
John snorted and let one hand go in order to sit on Sherlock's chest and strap the other to the railing of his headboard. Sherlock found himself almost face-to-face with John's groin and breathed in sharply; John was completely hard, straining against his jeans. He wanted to reach out the hand that John wasn't using and touch it, stroke it, see what noises the doctor might make. He forced himself to breathe out again. Perhaps it was a good thing that John was tying his hands to the headboard.
The Doctor glared at him for a moment before turning back to the computer, mumbling nonsense syllables that Sherlock assumed were Old Atraxi coding phrases. He tracked the Judoon's alarmingly fast march through the vaults of the safest bank in the universe and hoped that the Doctor would get his programming languages sorted in time. Although… he couldn't deny that he was curious as to what was inside there. Was it, as the Doctor had mentioned, some kind of jewel so precious that somebody would hide it on
glances. "What, Carl?" John replied politely, turning around to face the bigger boys. It was odd, he mused, how some people looked as though they were born to be bullies.
Once they had cleared the stage for the wedding scene, the young boy playing Helena stepped nervously in front of Sherlock, something steely in his eyes. "Um," he said, clearing his throat quietly. Sherlock glanced at John as if asking whether he ought to be worried. John grinned. "Mr Holmes, I just wanted to say - doing this with you has been a privilege. Everyone's performed better tonight, just because your energy is different. I'm not saying that I want Tobias in trouble, or whatever, but it's been great to have you here instead."
Sherlock nodded shortly. "They're not retro, they're original. Limited edition, two blue stripes, 1989."
without clothes, lying down instead of standing pressed against the wall, tripping over their trousers pushed down to mid-thigh. This felt planned, deliberate, intoxicating.
"What's he done?" Jim asked curiously as he placed a tray of curry down beside Bill. John noticed amid the sense of impending doom that the Irish boy's hair and clothing were as impeccable as ever.
John made an embarrassing sort of squeaking noise when Sherlock suddenly grabbed his waist and tugged him over until he was sprawled on the taller boy's lap, a very
He left the sounds of the girls turning on the boy behind with a wry smirk and hauled his bag down the hallway until he found the door with the neatly-printed label, Holmes, Sherlock. He pushed open the door.
John definitely wasn't imagining the little flirty gleam in his bright green eyes or the way the other man's large, warm hands stayed clutching his for a moment longer than necessary. Judging from the nudge of the elbow that Bill gave him, the redhead hadn't missed it either. John hesitated for a moment before letting himself grin back.
Sherlock fiddled with the biro. "Both," he said airily, turning to Gibbon before they got snapped at. "But I might pass on the French for now."
my body's limits? I survived for thirty-four years before I met you, John, and I don't need you to take care of me, to force me to do these things that I don't usually do for a
"Sherlock," Bill booms wryly. Wry seems to be his default setting, and I have yet to hear him branch out. "What can we get you to drink? You haven't touched anything yet."
He reached down and gripped his cock, his own long fingers so familiar on his length, remembering the feeling of
he turned back to Antonio with a disapproving frown, tryimg to make himself look as tall as possible,
, men he'd like to sit down and have day-long conversations with, rather than people he thought of for their looks and sensuality alone, and so he'd dismissed the idea, decided once and for all that while he was completely open to the idea of bisexuality he was himself entirely straight.
The boy pushed away from the shop wall where he had been nonchalantly leaning, raising an insouciant eyebrow. It struck John that since Sherlock seemed to be the boy's primary source of income, he never seemed particularly interested in what he did for his money. "Did you
they had been a part of for so long; this was the Lord Chamberlain's Men in all their glory, drunk on each other's presence and the joy of something new, and if Sherlock's energy had had such an impact on the young troupe of the former it was nothing compared to the inspiration he was now. The company were good without him on the stage, but everything seemed
John chuckled. "I never understood your obsession with your hair," he mentioned, reaching back down to stroke it gently. Sherlock leaned into his touch like a cat.
and he couldn't take chances. That kind of attitude suggested that she'd tried to report behaviour like this before, so either she was telling the truth about how she got the bruises or she was recounting a true story from a different time. "Where were you when this happened?"
energy, even those whose characters were meant to be unaware that they ever shared a stage with him. He looked over at Will backstage, shaking out the sleeves of his mechanical costume; the playwright grinned and gave him an encouraging gesture.
Sherlock's deep chuckle elongated into a moan as he succeeded in undoing his trousers, freeing himself to the summer air. John's fingers tightened reflexively on the bulge in his trousers, pushing the breath from his lungs in a huff. It was so
many people seem to unanimously agree that he does in the comfort of his own home with absolutely no evidence. Like their obsession with formulating the
John returned the laugh, rolling his hips up to meet the not-quite-rhythmic thrusts of Sherlock's and employing his mouth in one of these better things. The younger boy was grinding down with little whimpering noises, and if John were to hazard a guess he would say that Sherlock wasn't quite aware that he was doing it. He gently gripped the curly-haired brunet's hips and guided his movements into a sustainable rhythm, brushing their lips together and then sliding his mouth down to the irresistibly flawless skin of his neck. Sherlock's moan was almost startlingly loud. "Godric," John whispered hungrily against his skin. "Look at you." He sat back for a moment, not stopping their hips rocking together, to take in the sight of Sherlock's flushed face above him. "You are Eros incarnate."
John resisted the urge to ask him to repeat himself, to hear again from those lips that Sherlock Holmes had agreed to an entire season of Shakespeare's comedy after just
He'd done something way back then that he regretted, and he'd told himself that he'd fix it when he came back from Afghanistan. He had to go back, because he couldn't let what he'd done define him in
"Are you all right?" he asked his friend softly, stroking one hand up and down his back. "Are they… gone?"
The man shied away from him. "The manager's not here," he said helplessly. "No-one is, it's too late in the day. There's just us."
Sherlock had heard, of course, and had turned back to them with a sneer firmly fixed in place. "Because
things he's said to his friend come back to him, like the time he tried to feed Sherlock a sandwich piece by piece by hand while the detective was hunched over a microscope, speaking in that daft tone parents use on children in an effort to either make him laugh and realise how ridiculous he was being, or eat the sandwich to make him shut up. He'd never even considered that Sherlock might feel so…
was the last thing on my mind. I was more worried about being caught by Charlotte without having a chance to explain myself."
Sherlock's body relaxes; he stretches languidly, pyjamas riding up his legs as his rump slides gracefully down the sheets. "I'll bet," he yawns wryly. John's hands shake and he decides he needs to put down the tray of breakfast before he drops it. He takes a deep breath.
"Shhh," John insisted, and pressed their lips together, sliding his body onto the bed to press against Sherlock's. He cradled the detective's chin with one hand and shivered as the other man's hand found its way down his back to the waistband of his trousers. They kissed sweetly, with none of the urgency of the last time; affection for Sherlock was bubbling in John's chest and he could feel the emotions in the play of the other man's lips and tongue on his own.
The actor nodded. "I was the same. If I'd become a Constable, or even a Justice, I would have wound up finding old ladies' cats and shepherding people out of Saturday street-markets. This way I can pick and choose the interesting cases. Just the way I never joined a theatre company, so I can pick and choose the interesting roles."
John had been preparing himself for the worst, but the landing party burst into the medical bay supporting an unconscious Sherlock between them; he didn't appear to be wounded, but his face as they lowered him onto the nearest bed was ashen, even his lush lips turning white. "What happened?" John asked T'Penya briskly, bending over his friend with a tricorder and activating the bed's vital stat monitor. His heartbeat was wild and uneven, his temperature far higher than his recorded baseline.
John knew he wasn't particularly tall, but he'd never acted opposite someone so overwhelmingly taller than himself before. Having to almost crane his neck to look at Sherlock was decidedly odd.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as though to indicate boredom at the love story, his chin now resting on one hand, a long finger stroking thoughtfully over his lips. His eyes were piercingly intent as he gazed at the sailor.
He stopped, closing his mouth with a sort of finality that told John he was having trouble keeping in more words. John nodded to show he understood. "Yeah," he said quietly. "I didn't think of it like that."
staircase icon here, because there aren't registered vaults down there and actually, this is 21st-century Frankfurt, they're not
Sherlock sighed. "I know," he said, sparing John a small smile. "This is why I never joined a company."
"You tried, didn't you," John guessed, watching the rather personal way in which Sherlock had taken his statement. The detective flapped his hands, but he looked slightly surprised that John had worked him out so quickly. He slowed down slightly, his rage fading.
Sherlock smiled tightly at Tom's apologetic expression. "Well, that clears that up," he said cheerfully.
From the floor, he hears the distinctive sound of a consulting detective chuckling. "You put that there on purpose, didn't you, you git," he grumbles, getting up.
Lady Trelawney-Hope smiles weakly at us. "Thank you," she says quietly. Then she gets up for the door. "Robert?" her voice drifts back. "Mr Holmes was telling me that he's found your paper you were missing."
"Okay." The hand that isn't occupied with being held in a vice-like grip against Sherlock's erection finds its way to the detective's face and his lips find their way to Sherlock's again; this time his flatmate returns the kiss instantly, his mouth opening, tongue cradling John's lips. John involuntarily closes a fist around the bulge in his hand; Sherlock makes a noise he tries not to classify as a yelp and cants his hips forward. "We should move this into the…"
was the play he was most proud of being in. He suspected it was also the one that had set his rivalry with Richard Burbage in motion. "Does he have a name, then, this man, so I might know when to make a good impression?"
Sherlock got to his feet hesitantly, as though fearing the younger boy would jump on him while he was unstable. When he was there safely, he grinned broadly.
Charlotte looked wistfully at the photograph. "Yes," she admitted. "I dated him for about a month. He broke it off a week before he died."
"Sherlock," John provided, mostly because it sounded weird hearing the pale creature referred to as 'this guy'.
What would they do if their meeting with the proprietor of the BDSM bar proved fruitless? It was really the only thing Sherlock had thought to do on this case. Sitting back and waiting helplessly for precautionary measures and look-outs to come through was something that the police did, not Sherlock Holmes.
"I'm just having trouble with memorising names and dates," John admitted, pushing a few pieces of parchment aside. "I don't understand how you can just
"We probably won't be able to do anything tonight," Sherlock comments as they settle themselves on the train. "By the time we get there, we'll probably just have time to drop our bags at the hotel and run down to meet the Detective Sergeant in charge."
"Please," John allowed him. He shook out his cue-scripts as the detective climbed to his feet and kicked a pair of shoes and a light travelling-case out of their way, clearing a space in the middle of the floor for them. He waited until Sherlock had stopped fidgeting and leaned against the desk with an eyebrow cocked expectantly before he found a place to start.
Ben left the pub early, but the sun had set by the time John stumbled out the door, shouting slightly inebriated thanks at the barman and leaning slightly on Will, who was singing a song about a cat and a haddock to which John had run out of verses an hour ago. He was fairly sure that the playwright was just making them up as he went along, but the style and quality of the verses hadn't changed, so it was difficult to tell, especially with a stomach full of beer.
Even John noticed the tiny flinch that the sailor made at the name, but he covered it almost immediately with a frown, like he was trying to remember. "I don't believe so," he said after a moment of this. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John raised an eyebrow. "Neither is Lestrade," he rebutted, allowing the taller man to stride off down the hallway. "Technically, you started it."
John's arousal from down here; his mouth started to water in anticipation and he had to steel himself
In the hallway to the stairs, John looks back. "I think I might go and stay with Lestrade for a night or two," he mentions. "Just so we can… sort out what we want from this. You know." He waits a few seconds for Sherlock to reply: he doesn't. John nods. "Okay. Well. When you're finished thinking, make sure you find yourself a bed, all right? You don't want to pass out again."
With a suspicious look at the fold-out badge the Doctor was holding out at him, the teller stepped back and gave them access to the computer. Sherlock surged forwards towards it, but was beaten to it by the floppy-haired man, whose fingers flew across the keys as though he did it every day. Slightly put out, Sherlock leaned against the counter and tried to draw the Doctor's attention to the fact that the Judoon were marching towards and past them, pushing the other tellers out of the way to move into the belly of the bank. "It'll be password protected," Sherlock said sceptically. "The information you're trying to access. If you give me a moment, I should be able to figure it out."
The Constable sighed heavily. "Then there's no way to get back into that house quickly," he said firmly.
The sense of triumph was short-lived, though, as he watched the firm set to the doctor's walk with the carefully-wrapped journal held in his arms. His final thought before he returned to his new butler was that while he may have managed to stay in the detective's head, what small place he had gained himself in Sherlock's
He bid farewell to his friend on the corner of the street and made his way slowly and unevenly towards his tiny flat. It was rubbish, but on an army pension and the few, insignificant spoils to be gained from acting it was all he could afford, and he'd been there for longer than he cared to mention.
His hand made its way between his legs and pushed restlessly at his erection, meaning to only stroke once in the hopes that it would calm down, but that one stroke set off a burst of relieved pleasure and he could not refrain from rubbing himself again, and then again, the pleasure building until he threw his head back hard enough to bruise it against the wall and came with a bitten-off moan.
My bottom lip works its way between my teeth. "What if I can't? What if I can't do it and he leaves?"
Now he was staring at a tall, pompous-looking boy with lush dark curls tumbling around high, aristocratic cheekbones, trying not to laugh at the contrast between
John snorted. "What, so the writer could never force you to the pub to talk to your audience? You know, you could have said no."
"Right!" After barely a moment of disconcerting, slightly rocky motion that Sherlock could only assume was flight, they did something that might have been a landing with a rhythmic screech and a kind of ominous-sounding
Mycroft's lips tighten into a thin hard line. "Ah," he says shortly. "Yes, that does throw a spanner in the works."
Holmes laughed. "Oh, yes," he agreed, shifting the thief higher over his shoulder. "Right down to the part where it becomes disappointingly simple once I explain the trick."
him bared so deliberately, his chest heaving slightly with each deep breath. He lifted his hands once more to swipe his thumbs gently over Sherlock's dusky nipples, earning another deep groan as Sherlock's own long-fingered hands deftly unhooked John's shirt from his trousers. When John looked up at him, Sherlock quirked one corner of his mouth upwards, his eyebrow lifting in a silent question.
Sherlock's cool grey eyes lift gently up to John's face. "I'm sorry," he says gently. John blinks at him – is Sherlock
John's heart thumped painfully in his throat, a cold thrill travelling down his arms into his fingers, which twitched restlessly. "It was delivered this afternoon," Peters confirmed coolly. "My mother-in-law's funeral is tomorrow morning."
For anyone who might be stuck in the storm over in England, I wish you the best of luck and hope you're all right.
He couldn't keep his hands away from his – John's – skin, the feel of it on his fingers, the way they were
"John." He busies himself with mugs and teabags as he realises Sherlock has followed him into the kitchen and is now leaning against the doorframe. "If you
"Protect the bullied on your own and get into a lot more scraps," Bill replied airily. "You're too BAMF to ever change."
to be a little bit out of control, to let John take the reins for a bit, I can't do it. I wanted to so badly – not even for my own pleasure, but just to show him that I could. Because I've seen it in his eyes when he looks at me: he thinks that the reason I couldn't was because he wasn't good enough. How can I expect him to understand the way my brain works?
The maid lived at the top of a shared house near the South Bank. John wrinkled his nose as he avoided someone emptying a chamber-pot from a middle-storey window, grateful that he'd managed to avoid the shared houses himself. Sherlock was still buried in his own mind; John had to fling out a hand to stop him from stepping in a puddle of effluent. The detective gave him a grateful smile before stepping onto the wooden boards that served as pedestrian walkways. "This house," he pointed.
John's not stupid. He knows that Sherlock is denying John's help out of spite and pride – and perhaps the tiniest bit of misplaced guilt over his outburst – to prove to him that he really can cope without John telling him to eat, that he really can look after himself. Right now, his flatmate seems determined to deny himself food until the case is over. John sighs; if Sherlock doesn't want his help, he's going to give a bloody good attempt at not giving it. Sherlock can starve himself until he passes out before John tries to force him to eat.
, and John knew without a doubt that Will would murder him if the two of them were late. On the other hand, two women's
This is ridiculous. I'm thirty-four years old and crying on my landlady's shoulder – or breast, more accurately and perhaps slightly embarrassingly - because my flatmate and best friend tried to kiss me and I shouted at him.
That ritual of courtship he could understand, as men occasionally had to play that part. If a woman had given him something - praise, promises, gifts - it was expected that he would give them back, if he wished to court her
That smile lingers in John's mind as Sherlock dashes off to change out of the blue plumber's overalls he'd been wearing. It's quite possibly the most beautiful thing he's ever seen, that tiny sparkle of something genuine. He just managed to surprise the detective, and he knows that he would do almost anything to get a reaction like that again. Sherlock reacts to puzzles, to surprises. He likes the unknown. So John's going to give it to him.
planned to take John out for dinner, but this certainly wouldn't be my restaurant of choice, and the company leaves a lot to be desired.
Eventually Billy stopped them in front of a rather auspicious jeweller's shop. Sherlock glanced up at the sign above the door. "A little fancier than I'd expected," he commented. Billy raised a bored eyebrow. "Wait here," the detective commanded him.
They have the compartment to themselves, and John is almost disappointed when the train stops in Brighton and they have to rejoin the realms of other people. Sherlock, too, surveys the mass of people running around the train station with undisguised disdain.
"You…" John stops for a moment to process this. "You learned the Imperial March for my birthday?" Sherlock shrugs. "That's… that's really sweet, Sherlock."
hated the word; anyone using it in the army had used it once and once only. His flatmate looks up at him, surprised at the anger in his voice. "One day, I am going to start going around and punching everyone who calls you that, because you're not. They're just scared. You know, they called Janet Frame a freak, too."
Her face fell. A little harsh, perhaps, using Charlotte to guilt-trip her, but Sherlock knew it was the most effective way to get
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "There is a Justice of the Peace on his way," he lied commandingly. "Until he arrives, this coffin remains inside the house."
first showed - John had taken bit-parts but hadn't fancied the lead - that Rosalind looked like incredible fun to play, with all of her quick-witted responses and her lengthy stint dressed as a man. The audience had adored the idea of the boy actor playing a woman who was, in her turn, playing a man. Will had often expressed interest in repeating the exercise, and John had eagerly signed up. He wondered suddenly whether
that had clearly implied Sherlock's own frailty, but he had never refused to accompany Sherlock on a case. He had to admit it was far more satisfying to present a dramatic conclusion to a case and have someone stand by and say,
John tried to think of other words for it, other descriptions, but it seemed to come straight out of an old Earth history book depicting the Medieval Age, a towering structure of grey brick extending impossibly far up, ringed in a high wall and apparently deserted. The only thing it lacked was a moat and a drawbridge. In fact, John searched for any kind of door at all in vain. A few crows circled an upper turret, cawing morosely. A breeze ruffled his hair and bent the blades of grass until they tickled his ankles. Besides the castle, the horizon was unbroken, bleak.
"Quite," Mycroft remarked sardonically, "as can that of men, of course." Sherlock made a noncommittal face. The taller man smiled. "I can arrange that for you. As well as transport to Sussex."
Miracle grinned boyishly, as though he did not believe it. "Perhaps. Of the Lady Brackenstall I had no such spectacular notions. She had neither the beauty nor the talent of Lady Carfax. A distinctly shy and oppressed woman."
“That doesn’t make him gay. He could just not like you.” Artemis accused, her voice dating a fight to break.
“I’m not tired. I told you that earlier.” John buried his face into Sherlock’s chest. “Sherlock, I’ve got a secret..” John giggled, giggled.
“What have I told you? This is ridiculous! We could get caught!” Alessia ducked from the playful slap headed her way.
“I was so nervous! I haven’t performed like that in over a year. I haven’t had any time to do it, with my dad being deployed, my mummy has needed more help.” Her gaze drifts as her tone shifts. John decides to avoid this topic and skips to a new one.
“I would guard Chenoa and Aponi since they both hold our men and supplies. Aponi is much smaller, but don’t we keep something hidden in that city? Mum what did you call it?” Sherlock looked to her for the answer.
“Shh, John, be quiet!” Sherlock scolded. “I’m not napping with you, John. You know what that leads to. I’ll lock the door if I have to, but you’re sleeping the alcohol off.” Sherlock, finally, made it to their room, kicked the door open, then shut it with his foot.
“Sherlock, you can see this is gross, right?” Irene yelled and tugged at John again. Sherlock groaned and pushed John off him. They were both panting and flushed.
“Oh, Sherlock, it’s only been a few minutes. He hasn’t had but three or four drinks.” Molly looked around for John, who was talking to a few of his rugby buddies.
“He was a great man. He took in those that needed help, and he watched out for the local farmers that couldn’t survive by themselves. I appreciate what he’s done for those people, but I think he was foolish to believe that other nations wouldn’t arise against him.” John took a deep breath in and let it out slowly. “I hate him for how he let my father die, but mum told me to let it go, since he paid us handsomely for father’s spent  life.”
“So, what do we do? If he doesn’t want us, why did he send for any of us? Should we tell his mother or something? I’m sure the queen would know if he boy is gay.” Janine waved her hand as she spoke. Everyone stopped to stare at each other with curiosity.
“I didn’t know you fought in a war. Which one was it?” Enola asked eagerly. Her eyes fixed on his knight with an abundance of surprise. John sat back in an uncomfortable silence.
As Sherlock opens his mouth to interrogate, a guard runs up to him, a frantic look upon his face. Both men turn to stare at the frazzled guard.
“Young Master, what are you doing back so soon?” A maid approached him with suspicion. Sherlock didn’t acknowledge her as he walked into the knights wing. If he was supposed to play his mother’s game, the least he could do was have some fun, right? Who cares what Mycroft thinks. He’s an arse anyway…
“Irene Adler.. you must be the handsome boy that’s stirred up the nation. All the tribes and kings have talked my ear off about your family… i can see why they’ve taken an interest in you.” The girl smirked. Sherlock didn’t know how to respond, but his mother’s uncomfortable laugh broke his stare. Two more families introduced themselves then the announcements were made.
“And ruin the surprise? No way, besides, he threatened to kidnap Mr Meowington if I snitched. Come on, he’s changing. I’ll bring you to him.” Molly smiles with a newfound confidence as she leads John to another room. This one is much smaller, with only a few others in it, there are curtains up in the corner. John decides those are probably changing rooms.
“That’s our golden city. Remember dear boy, your father took you to their gardens when you were younger. Most of our herbs and medicinal plants come from there. We can’t afford to lose Aponi to a bunch of ruffians.” She practically spat her disgust into her last words. Sherlock frowned at the thought.
“Must’ve been something you ate.” Well, it wasn’t a lie. “You can stay in my room, if you’d like to.” His offer would benefit them both. No use in letting John hide away in his room all day. Data needed to be collected. John gave him a weary grin, then took his hand to steady himself. He thought over the offer for a few minutes before answering.
Sherlock was mortified. Why had he let it get out of hand? Why had he done this to John in the first place? What does this mean about.. them? Would John remember what he did? Would he care? My god, of course he would care! John, the man that yells ‘Not Gay!’ Would be devastated to know what he’d done. That thought alone was enough to send Sherlock running. He gathered himself, then walked to the bathroom. He needed to get rid of the evidence.
“Sorry, my lord. I’d hate to of frightened you.” The blonde pushed off the wall and bowed before the prince.
“You see, food isn’t something I enjoy. I eat enough to survive. My time should be spent elsewhere.” Sherlock poked a fork at the large strawberry near his plate.
“All is well, no need to worry. Most of the war is simply politics. Everyone over exaggerates the mess between our kingdom and others. Don’t worry, we will be safe.” Sherlock smirked then extended his arm out to the carriage in a showing off manner. “After you..” He waited until the princess climbed in to drop his smile. For an instant something worrisome flashed across his features, but it left as quickly as it came.
“What do you want Mycroft?” Sherlock glared. Mycroft wiggled his eyebrows upward. Lady Hudson bowed then excused herself.
“My king! My king! There has been an attack on our city! The walls, the walls, they’ve taken them! You must go!” He spoke quickly, his words could be mistaken for gibberish to the untrained ear. John stood on high alert. His eyes darted around the room. Without thinking, he grabbed the Prince’s wrist and dragged him towards Enola.
The boy appears on the stage for three more songs, and graces the crowd with his movements each time. A piece of John leaves every time he exits the stage.
Waiting is always the most dreaded part of any experiment. Will it work? What happens if it goes wrong? Common side effects include an improved mood, altered perception, delusional thinking, and relaxation. Negative side effects include vomiting, confusion, agitation, hallucinations, increased heart rate, anxiety, and paranoia. Well, maybe this wasn’t a good idea. He took the bait without any hesitation, what does that tell you? He trusts too easily. He doesn’t realize how dangerous trusting others can be.
“I’ve never seen people like this before…” John mumbled under his breath. Amusement shone through the prince’s gaze.
“My father’s old study. He had two, naturally.” Sherlock showed John all the books that lined the walls. There must have been thousands of books in this one tiny room. “Father didn’t tell anyone about this room, except me. He used it when he needed to be excused from the commotion of his daily life. Mummy would go crazy looking for him, but I could never tell her where he was. It’s.. odd.”
“I’m getting Geoff to line up the guards. Then I will be taking Enola to the gardens.” Sherlock walked out of the room with a prideful step.
“He was- touched, if you will, by your father’s actions. He thought he was alone in the room, he thought no one would hear his cries, but out of nowhere- this blonde willingly throws himself in harm’s way for his king. Father wrote in this book about it, I’ve read it many times,” Sherlock pushed the red velvet book toward John. The knight stared in disbelief.
“I said, I’m off. I think I’ll just go back to bed then. No use staying down here when my bed is calling my name.” John let out a hollow chuckle. When he attempted to stand, he stumbled backwards. Sherlock stood beside him and held out his hand.
“John’s going to be upset when he finds out there’s a video of him snogging another man all over the internet.” Casey flipped through her phone and smacked her gum.
“Where is he? I saw him up there, how come you didn’t tell me he’d get a whole bloody song to himself!” John lets his fake anger trail his voice. Molly’s eyes pop up to meet his. A mischievous grin plays at her features.
“Where is he?” Mrs. Watson turns her head as she searches the room. Her gaze is piercing, purposeful.
John puffs out a deep breath of air. “Perfect.. you’re-” John quickly cleared his throat, stretched, then rubbed the back of his neck as his eyes darted around the room. “Yeah, perfect for one of the princesses. Can’t have a man that’s attached.”
“Boys! Get a room.” Irene tugged on John's arm trying to stop him. He, of course, flipped her off and muttered something about being allowed to kiss his boyfriend whenever he wanted to.
“I don’t want to go through with this..” he admitted. John reached out to comfort him but the door opened. Enola smiled at both of them.
“.. I know..” Sherlock breathed out then turned his head to avoid John. “He won’t stop.” Sherlock smirked as John nibbled at his ear. Irene wanted to be disgusted, but was too amused at this side of the blonde. Knowing how John feels about pda, he’d be mortified to know how raunchy he’s acting and that Sherlock hasn’t stopped him.
John thought he was going to burst from the vibrator alone, he wasn’t ready when Sherlock leaned down and took him in his mouth.
“See you soon, love.” And then John and Molly disappeared down the hall leaving Sherlock to stare wishfully after him.
“I wanted to surprise you. It doesn’t matter anyway, I messed up. I slipped on my last resting position. You and everyone else probably saw it.” Sherlock’s sulk is complete with the pushing out of his bottom lip. He turns to grab a shirt from the bag on the floor, but John stops him by grabbing his wrists.
“I don’t think he’ll be too bothered by it. He seemed very entertained earlier. After all, they don’t call this place Mistletoe Mountain for nothing.” Irene smirked to herself.
“Why would he refuse to be treated?” John slumped down until he hit the floor, where he bent his knees to rest his arms on. “Why would he do that to mum, to Harry- to me” Sherlock watched as Johns world crippled around him.
The detective abruptly stood, then made his way to the bathroom door. John opened it with an irritated glint in his eyes. He held up one finger to point at the accused, then another to point at the sink. Oh, it’s only that. Sherlock’s shoulders deflated.
