Stark rolled his eyes while Ms. Castillo peered curiously at him.  "You're Captain America!" she said, her hands going up to her mouth as her brown eyes danced with pure delight.
It was a few minutes before the armor clicked back into place and a lot of wiggling to get it done by himself.  Tony made mental notes of how he could make the process faster the next time he was at the workshop, because while suiting up by himself was possible, it wasn't all that comfortable and he was far from a contortionist.  He left the helmet off, figuring as long as he took it slow, he should be fine without it.
Tony was banging at a dent in the chest plate, muttering about insufficient tools as music played from a laptop that was hooked up nearby and had a strange map on it.  Tony had been practically inseparable from the computer, but he never let Steve see it for the most part.  Steve didn't have time to investigate it, because Tony was paler than he should be considering the sun outside, and exhaustion hung about his shoulders no matter how Steve tried to make sure Tony slept.  And now he had to tell Tony they needed to leave.
"Positive," Steve said with enough force to shock Tony into looking up.  He sighed, hating that Tony had been made to feel like that.  Steve had been bullied enough when he was younger to know exactly where those thoughts came from.  "No one thinks that, Tony."
"Most monsters don't like the light it gives off," Viper said.  "It reflects the moss's light and is more painful than the moss itself."
Tony stared at him, his mouth hanging open as he took that in.  Then his mouth snapped shut and he developed a sudden fascination with the ground.
"Funny," Steve said, turning to get the last word.  "My experience says you just need a little of patience and a lot of stubborn to get through to him."
"You won't," Wanda said, this time with underlining amusement, not mystery.  "But remember those words, Tony Stark, when you need to be found.  You are taking him to the healers?"
"Dragons like warm things, and it's not too hot," Steve said, rubbing Tony's cheek as he stared into Tony's eyes.  "Dance with me."
"People can take advantage and some will use anything they can find to take you down," Tony replied.  The newspapers never ran out of scandals to publish about him, and he had less privacy than he liked if he wasn't careful.  Half the time that was what drove him from New York on his adventures.
how she said that, but he got the picture.  "I won't touch it," he promised duly.  "I just... want to sit for a little bit and think."
The second dragon was deep red.  It didn't have horns and instead had a rose-pattern ornament, but otherwise looked the same.  A little smaller, perhaps, and without a bleeding shoulder, but Tony didn't fancy fighting two of them without his armor.  He could maybe take out one of them now, while they were-
"You failed to kill me," Zemo said, stepping forward as Tony tried to move back.  "Just like you failed to protect that writer of yours.  And you'll fail to protect the dragon city as well.  It is a foregone conclusion, my son, and Hydra will take the dragon's knowledge for their own now."
"Sorry," he said, hoping he wasn't blushing too badly, or if he was, that Tony would take it as embarrassment for being caught.  They were at one of their usual restaurants today, Steve feeling less inclined to branch out with all that was going on.
Tony shuddered at the mention of the last human, thinking back to Steve's nightmare.  "What you see is what you get, I'm afraid."
Bruce saved the juice before it fell, but only just.  "Tony, what's wrong?" Bruce asked as Clint started to call for a doctor.
Tony didn't try to pull his hand away, which Steve took as a good sign.  Steve wondered for a moment if this was a good idea before deciding there was no reason not to.  If he had time to think, he might over-analyze.  "Stay a little longer?  I'd like to talk to you."
Tony turned around, surprised to see the blue dragon who first attacked him.  There were what looked like leaves held in a sling around his left shoulder, but otherwise he looked the same.  Big, intimidating, and bulky.  He should have made more noise than that arriving, and Tony found himself reaching for his gun before he knew what he was doing.
, so don't fool around with it.  You only need Cap in the final fight.  Every other version of me has tried telling someone, and they failed to save Steve.  Then they died too.  But you and me, we know how to beat this.  I did it, and so can you.
without wings and a stream of... exhaust?  That seemed like the word, though Steve couldn't be sure with the metal around Tony.  The exhaust followed him like a grey puff from the ground.  "So you
"I'd offer to help, but you're too big of a kitten for me to get out of this tree," Tony said, stifling another laugh.
Sam's nostrils flared.  "Oh, so you can be angry with him, but we can't?"  Sam asked playfully, whacking Steve lightly on the head with his tail.
"Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you."
Two hours and Tony's whole body practically vibrated with the tension of holding still.  "Still no reactor," he croaked, his voice broken and rough.  Too much dust or too much talking.  "Please, JARVIS.  I need...  wake up.  Cap!  Someone...  I don't want to... please."  Tony was begging.  He didn't care who heard him, as long as he wasn't alone.  He didn't want to be alone.
"'Meet you down in the lobby,' you said."  Amusement laced Steve's voice, not anger, which surprised Tony.  "I should have known that you'd be up here getting lost in your work."
Then he realized where this was headed, seeing the guilt in Tony's eyes.  "Colonel Rhodes was in the armor when he was hurt."
"What good would that do?" Tony asked, though he let her take the file and fix the blankets.  He felt sick looking at the file now, and he wanted to keep down what little he'd eaten.
"The Avengers, huh?" the man said, speaking for the first time.  "Those are pretty tall boots to fill."
"They are all around you," Wanda said, pointing to the wall where they entered.  "Here is the start of our clan.  Touch my shoulder and I will show you."
When they looked up at him, Tony got the impression they were distinctly less impressed with him than he felt they should be.  "Is that all?" Sharon asked.  "I thought you were in there to change your face!"
Steve watched the airmen going through their exercises in the gym, wishing he had better news.  "His injuries are healing," Steve said.  "But he still hasn't woken up yet.  The doctor is hopeful though."
Thor continued to wipe his forehead with the cool cloth, occasionally running his hand through Tony's hair soothingly.  "It is good to have you back, my friend," Thor said, a genuine smile on his face.  "We feared many things when you were taken."
Peggy pulled Tony closer with her tail as Wanda went to the balcony and took off, shielding him from the gust of hot air.
He sighed, then readjusted his glasses.  "I came to tell you I would be staying near Betty and Leonard for a while.  They were...  The robots were after her.  Not that the Hulk isn't just as likely to hurt them, but I..."
"Then who would I have to serenade if they got the drop on you?" Stark's hand was in his hair again, ruffling it fondly.  "Though if Banner's right about that there death wish of yours, I got plenty of means that don't require such ghastly sights."
Jarvis cleared his throat awkwardly.  "I raised you like my own after Howard died, and I'm proud of you no matter who you tumble in the bushes.  And if he was making you happy, I ain't got much to complain of."
"The Red Skull had some kind of weird-ass dream machine," Clint replied.  "They were recording your dreams, trying to get you to think of the suit schematics.  Bastards."
Thirty minutes later the power came back on in his suit as the other Avengers took out the EMP pulse that had been keeping Tony down, but his teammates' frantic voices went unheard.
Steve was sitting on the rock, eying the armor with unease.  It was better now that Tony had taken the helmet off, but he still didn't like it.  The cold metal had a blankness that felt too much like Johann and it unnerved him.  Tony was warmth.  The metal was cold.
"Stay back, Avengers.  A mind like his would be such a waste, but it would only take a little more for his own suit to cut his throat."
There was a stubborn set to Steve's words that brought a smile to Tony's lips regardless of his earlier thoughts.  "I don't think that's possible," he said gently.
There was a soft sigh, and Steve spared a glance at Fury.  The man looked as tired as Steve felt, but he wasn't looking at Steve.  He was looking at Tony.  Fury briefly touched Tony's shoulder, and Steve wondered how much he'd misjudged Fury too.  He'd apparently been trying to protect Tony as much as Steve had.
Tony didn't look up.  He didn't have the strength to.  He could hear them pulling out a crystal as he started to shiver violently.  His thoughts were starting to get fuzzy so he shifted, a new wave of pain sending adrenaline through his system.  He couldn't afford to go into shock, not now.  But as the light faded and the noise stopped, Tony found himself alone in the cold.
"Tony promised he'd work on a containment for the Hulk," Bruce said as they walked through the broken building.  "He didn't want to, but I convinced him.  And Iron Man will have a direct connection to my heart monitor watch.  JARVIS will alert the team if the Other Guy breaks loose."
"You said you need to find out where the dragons get the larger crystals.  You cannot do that if you are looking after me."
The thought hit him like a punch to the gut.  He really wanted to stay.   He was happy here with the dragons.  Happier than he had been in ages.  He missed his friends and even the company a little bit, but down here he felt alive.  There was so much to explore and learn, bringing back his old spirit from before his heart started to get too bad.  From when he'd wanted to see the world, not just sit behind a desk all day.
Steve came closer, his claws clicking against the stone of the building.  "It will heal," he said, looking out into the night.  "Is it too hot for you to sleep?"
The Red Skull grinned, lip-less mouth baring his teeth in a nightmare.  "I did not realize the armor came at your call, Mr. Stark," the Skull said, ignoring Steve.  Because Steve didn't exist.  "It is a mistake I will not make again."
And no, he wasn't thinking of how excited Rhodey would be to see each new leaf or exotic flower.  That would be too much like missing him, and that Tony was willing to deny, if just to push back the ache thinking of his friends brought.  He wondered how they fared the rest of the fight without him.  Rhodey was an even better pilot than Tony, so they had to be alright.
He was on his fourth bag when he realized he wasn't alone, and he nearly jumped when he saw Vision so close. "Uh, hi," Steve said, trying to regain his bearings. He hated when Vision did that.
It really wasn't.  But that was neither here nor there.  "Come on," Steve said, pulling away enough to steer them towards the couch.  Sometime soon, Steve realized, they were going to have to have a conversation about boundaries, and that one was going to be hard for him since it wasn't in his nature to back down when a friend was hurting.  It was a hard pill to swallow, especially when it came to Tony.  They both could have avoided this if Steve had just let Tony work through this for a few hours, and then maybe put his foot down if Tony wouldn't let him back in.
He couldn't tell, but Tony liked to imagine Steve's lips were pressing small kisses against his hair as Steve buried his face in it.  Steve wouldn't, not without permission or after what he'd told Tony last time, but Tony liked to dream.  The would haves and maybes were a pleasant enough dream to fall asleep to...
Bruce looked sheepishly down at his tea and Steve and Natasha shared a look.  "We were both kind of caught up in Dr. Foster's theories," he muttered.  "Other than a few blueberries, I don't think either of us have eaten."
Tony touched the dried ink reverently, tracing the fine lines of the blue dragon's tail.  He could see all the inks in the basket, but no pens or quills, and those lines were too fine for a brush.  How did...
"You're right about the uniform being a bit too stiff to move in," Steve said.  "Your offer about making it lighter still open?"
"It's over, Captain.  It is fitting a man from the future is the one to destroy a man out of time," Kang said, raising his hand.
"Chibi-Iron Man? Really?" Tony said, his tone unimpressed, but there was a hint of a smile that he couldn't quite hide at the drawing of his alter ego holding up a victory sign.
Steve shifted underneath him, raising his head to look at the ceiling as well.  "What do they look like, the stars?" Steve asked.  "They're in some of the old stories, but all we have is the pattern like my crest.  Do they really look like this?"
Susan took one last look at Kes and Leo before taking a deep breath and setting Kes down.  She could do this.  She had to get them out of here.
He looked down at his drawing of Vision and Wanda, then shook his head. "I think this one's a little too personal to put online.  Posting art of the Avengers seems like it's too self-serving."
Tony winced.  At least Steve was on the right track.  "Who says?" Tony asked, a slightly petulant tone in his voice.
"When I figure that out, I'll let you know," Tony replied.  He looked around the courtyard but saw nothing of use.  There was only the tall tower that reached up into the trees, but he was placing his bets on the structure also going underground.
Steve looked away as Fury left, slumping until he was resting his head in his arms, close to Tony on the bed, but not touching.  He couldn't tell if the noise he made after that was a laugh or a sob, but Steve figured it might be a little of both.
No.  No, he wasn't okay.  Tony closed his eyes again, hands fisting under him.  Now he couldn't follow Steve and the others.  He'd failed again.  Sam, Peggy, Sharon, and all the others...  He'd failed them all.
Tony stared at Steve's hand around his wrist, but didn't pull away.  It was funny how Steve assumed Tony was the one always lashing out, but Tony hadn't said anything this time.  Steve was just as bad, spoiling for a fight the way he had been.  His face grew hot with shame.  "Why is it so important that you not fail?" Steve asked, trying a different angle.
"I resent the implication in your tone, young lady," Tony said as Steve poorly stifled a laugh.  Traitor.  "You say that like it's a bad thing."
"I'll remember that next time," Steve said, the smile less forced. Tony might not be the most approachable, but he really tried for the team and it was honestly a pretty thoughtful and useful gift. He'd heard about the giant bunny fiasco. "So can you try running the polymer thing by me again? I promise I'll pay attention this time."
Iron Man probably had, come to think of it.  The walls of the Tower were thick, but Steve had always been a light sleeper and the serum enhanced most of his senses, including hearing.  "I was awake already," he said, though he doubted Iron Man would believe it.  "Did you know Howard?"
"Might have something to help with that," Tony said, thinking back to one of the early versions of the armors where he'd tried actual wings.  It ended up not being good for a frontal assault, but for someone with skills like those that Sam was bound to have, it would be both deadly and a life saver.  He could trust Sam to use them properly too.
Which is what he'd done with Virgil and Pepper by chasing after the cure for his heart.  How he'd hurt Rhodey and Jarvis by ignoring their advice and not thinking with a clear head.  He took too many risks.  He wasn't like Steve who protected the city because he wanted to help people.  Tony was fighting the War to fix his father's sins and his own idiocy.  There was no redemption for men like him, no matter how much he chased after it.  Maybe that was the problem.  After all this time, he was still running after something.
The silver dragon cried out again as the devil man shot him, the bullet tearing the joint in his left wing apart.  They both fell into the abyss, but the silver dragon managed to claw onto the rocky wall.  Steve pushed himself to the edge, barely able to crawl his way over.  Tony heard the same name-feeling, then Steve's.  Fear of falling from the silver dragon, fear of not getting there in time Steve.  The rocks were crumbling and the silver dragon...
Tony looked him and Steve over carefully, not seeing a scratch on either of them.  "I've got a suit that helps me fly.  You saw it a few days ago," Tony said, fingers itching to make sure Steve was really okay because he remembered all too well the agony Steve had been in during the nightmare.
"Barton," Steve growled, putting down his fork to glare at him.  "We don't run a gossip mill.  And how do you know that anyway?"
Steve looked away, not quite able to meet the colonel's gaze.  It was his fault Tony was like this, after all.  "The silence is unnerving from him," Steve agreed.
"Sounds good," Steve said, frowning at his shading. He was drawing in pen, so he couldn't really fix it the way he wanted to.
"You shouldn't bully people into answering," he said with faint disapproval.  Though he should answer her before she put her threat to use and potentially hurt herself further.  "About a month," he said finally, feeling the blush creep up his neck.  Natasha had, admittedly, been out most of that month, but he could see her reclassifying every encounter with him since.
"No, but you wanted it to be," Jarvis said, rubbing his temples.  "Look, Tony, your father would never have approved of-"
Steve started to sway them slowly, a rock step that barely counted as a movement, but fit the melody in his head as he started to hum tunelessly.  It wasn't his dance with Peggy.  He didn't even know if he'd get a second dance with Tony.  But it was something, and having Tony in his arms now went a long way to soothing his self-doubt.  He hadn't messed this up so terribly that Tony wouldn't forgive him.
"He is dying.  He would not survive on the surface anyway.  If the cold and metal didn't kill him, humans would.  You would do well to put your pet down," Viper said conversationally.
"He's on the mural," the first voice said, female, just as commanding as the male.  "This is foretold.  He is needed."
"You came as Iron Man the past few-"  Steve cut himself off, snapping his mouth shut as he tried not to push.  That had been their agreement.  They'd take Tony's trust issues at his pace.  Tony had been doing better, Steve reminded himself.  He'd come up even when Natasha and Clint had returned.  "Sorry.  We should eat the cake first then before we go up."
"Yeah, funny thing about that.  Not my first rodeo.  Also not the first time Mr. Stark has come across your tech.  He's a quick study."  Iron Man wasn't in his usual armor, Steve realized.  It was an older model from a few months ago, but it looked to be in fighting shape.
Steve grabbed his wrist. "You need rest, Tony.  I'm surprised you're still able to think at this point."
Tony waved him off, slumping down into a chair across from Steve.  "Just a long day arguing with idiots who want me to go back to designing weapons despite the fact we're making about the same profits as before.  A little better, actually.  But they seem to think more weapons would net us even
Steve lay his head down, tail curling around Tony's feet.  Tony kept putting pressure on the wound, staring at Viper as he waited for her to decide.  He should be angry with her.  He should be furious, because Peggy wouldn't be...  He should be.  Instead, he was just tired.  He could feel his own weariness and Steve's on top of that, and the grief only made the ache worse.
"You should go slowly with the mind link," Wanda said.  "It doesn't appear human minds can adapt to it quickly."
"I... Yeah.  Thanks, JARVIS," Steve said, slowly unwrapping the gauze and folding it to throw out later.  He dropped off his gym bag in his room then headed to the kitchen, acutely feeling how empty the Tower was.  Usually someone came along and forced a protein bar on him after about four hours.  Usually Bruce or Iron Man would...
The Red Skull and the Ten Rings were working together?  Tony launched himself at the Red Skull, stomach lurching as he tilted to the right.  He was still on target enough to slam the Red Skull against the wall.  His repulsors whined to life at the horrific apparition the Red Skull called a head.  He would end this.  He'd end this now.
Steve rolled to the side to avoid the blast, catching his shield as it bounced back to him.  That last shot had clipped his arm, but not badly enough to hurt.
Steve growled, balling his hands into fists.  He needed to keep his temper, damn it.  "After all of this, that's all I am to you?"
Susan flushed and stepped closer to Leon possessively.  Leon, for his part, hid a small smile behind a cough, but Steve saw him lean against the armor in return.
Tony felt a brief caress against his mind and he closed his eyes, giving in.  He doubted he could dissuade Steve if he tried.  There was only so much he could do against that much stubborn.  "The others?"
"Maybe.  You are a bit of a mess," Rhodey said, but not unkindly.  "But we had some good times too.  You'll get through this and we'll have good times again.  I promise."
he lied," Fury replied.  "Phil was one of the best agents I've known, but he can't keep secrets from me.  I trusted his judgement, because Phil actually believed in protecting people.  And that was when Phil started to do his damnest to keep Tony Stark as far from SHIELD as he could."
Name-feeling: crimson, white, onyx.  Soaring through the sky and flexible as branches in the wind, but sturdy as the deeply grounded roots.  Healing and a gentle stream under the flickering light from under the trees.  "-take-" Blue dragon name-feeling, Good God, he needed proper names for them all.  "-to the city. I'll take care of the human."
"Kind of hard when you've got me pinned like this, but that was the general idea.  I've got to go to the bathroom," Tony replied mildly.
Steve could have sworn textbook narcissism was in Tony's file, but this was a complete disconnect.  "Do you ask Pepper or Colonel Rhodes that question?" Steve asked.
She blinked, fighting back tears.  She couldn't cry now, not with Kes and Leo here.  She would just have to give the armor to Kes and find her old suit.  They could probably find the parts somewhere, and Kes could finally join her brother in the fight.  That was
"You got it boss," he heard a man say, one that Steve was pretty sure he didn't know.  He rounded the corner to the Avengers common room to see Iron Man talking to a stocky blond man in a suit.  "I'll make sure nothing happens to him."
But then Kes and Leo would still be with the Skrulls, being tortured and God knows what.  Plus where ever that train went was bound to be much more heavily guarded.  She couldn't...  She couldn't leave them to that.  Not if there was a chance she could get them out.
a disappointment," Steve said, repeating Tony's dragon name-feeling.  There was anger in his tone, but it was directed inward, not at Tony.  "I just...  It's different.  Not a bad different.  Just one I need to get used to.  Tony...  I'm glad this happened.  I really am."
Susan laughed, though the sound was weak to her ears and rang hollow.  "How did you know what I was thinking?"
The first tab was his Clint tag on Tumblr, followed by Natasha's and Thor's.  He had one for each of the Avengers set up, with Tony's in the far corner at the end.  He looked at Rhodey to see what he was supposed to make of this.
Susan squeezed his hand, trying to give what little comfort she could.  "You're good at a lot of things, not just being Captain America," she said.  "You're good at photography and writing.  You're good at listening and making me smile even when I've been crying.  You make plans and Kes has never beaten you at chess and I..."
Tony cursed again, trying to maneuver into a place where he could find that plane he lost.  He found another one, if not the same, and he flew into its blind spot.  It was a terrific amount of G's to get there, but Tony resisted blacking out from the blood rushing to his head.  He shot out the engine of the plane and tried to focus back on the conversation without sounding breathless.  "Four.  And the underdog will triumph with a flash-bang ending."
"Can we talk about something else?  It's depressing enough that you're shipping out tomorrow," Stark said.
"Because that's obviously the sort of man he is," Iron Man said.  There was a rigidness to the armor as he walked to the door that made Steve stand to follow him out.  "Catch you guys later.  Some of us have real work to do," he said as he left.
"Just take it slow," Pepper said as she relented and gave him a cup of water that was thankfully room temperature.  He took small sips to avoid her bringing back the ice.
"Fine," Steve said, standing up and clipping the shield to his back.  Normally it was a graceful movement that was practically instinctive by this point, but now it felt jerky and ungainly.  His leg throbbed as he put weight on it, but he ignored that.  "Sorry.  Got lost in thought.  Where do they want us to start on clean-up?"
"The mystery of Tony Stark deepens," Bruce said with a sigh.  "I can't help but feel like I've met Stark before too.  He's familiar in a way I just can't place."
Steve wanted to say he was fine, that he'd seen worse and this shouldn't be affecting him so much, but this was the sort of thing that would keep him up at night.  Stringing up villains to make a point?  That wasn't the sort of thing good men do.  Turk had never been a good man.  But that didn't mean he deserved what Steve had done.  He'd made a promise after the war to avoid killing when he could, and for the most part he stuck with that promise.  But now he'd not only killed, but desecrated the bodies after death.
"Takes a while to get used to the notion, don't it?  Keeping the circle small, that I can understand though.  Pity having him at SHIELD wouldn't have worked," Fury said.  He took Tony's wrist and pressed two fingers against where his pulse should be, then frowned.  "That is creepy.  The doctors are sure he's alive?"
There was more shouting as the guards burst in.  There were only two of them, and the first went down with a whack from the keyboard to the back of the head.  The second shot at him, but the shot flew wide and Tony hit him in the stomach, then the back of his head when the guard hunched over.
"Pep?" he heard himself ask.  Sharon was always so fascinated with human cursing.  She would love...  She would have loved Pepper.  He didn't open his eyes, wishing he hadn't said anything at all.
"Don't remember it," Tony replied.  Even the uneasiness from when he woke was gone, chased from his memory.
Steve pulled back finally, rubbing his forehead. Sulking wasn't going to get him anywhere. "I've been posting some of my art online," he said as he started to unwrap his hands. He really wanted to keep hitting the bag, but the wrap had spots of red on it already. "Someone's been reposting it. They have credit on there, but it still feels really horrible."
Tony jumped, hand reaching for the gun he hadn't taken off yet.  It was a habit to wear one anytime he was unloading, even when he was at home.  He'd been taken by surprise one too many times with his cargo to go without.
, but it's like he's working on something else now?  And yesterday he gave us numbers that were completely wrong, like he's been trying to set us back.  He's been acting differently too."
"Where have you been?" There was a sharp anger in Steve's eyes that didn't quite replace the worry.  "The jungle is dangerous!  You could have been hurt!"
Steve led him to the couch.  Or tried to.  He nearly brought both of them down again, but Tony steadied him.  "Are you always this much of a klutz?"
At least with robots, as long as the civilians were kept away, no one was actually getting hurt.  It was harmless this time, far enough outside the city that even the property damage was minimal, and he focused on that instead of the way the robots fell back.
His vision was spotty as he looked around, but he found the rock he landed on.  With his arms around Tony, he pushed himself into a sitting position, hissing at the static shock that gave him.  His shield was nearby, and once Tony was secure, he pulled it closer, feeling better for its proximity.
"Oh," Tony said, emotion choking his voice.  "Steve when I...  I can't stay here forever.  You know that."
He started a fire (with the help of Peggy's fire-breathing) to cook some of the meat just to see the other's reactions to it.  Tony watched Steve and Sam as he helped spread out a lunch of meat for the dragons and vegetables for himself.  They were using the same energy transference technique as Sharon had used on him.
Steve grunted, knowing it was mostly the lack of food; he was always a little grumpy when he was hungry.  He was glad they weren't going to discuss how they'd both woken up.
He shook his head, looking down at his phone. "Thank you, JARVIS.  Could you tell me where Tony is right now?"
There was a chaste kiss to Tony's lips before Steve leaned back and looked up at him with serious eyes.  "You don't have to tell me.  But you anchored me while we were in the cold, Tony.  If you hadn't been there, I'm not sure I'd have had the presence of mind to keep going like I did.  Thank you for that."
Steve paused in unwrapping the bar, frowning as he went over his interactions with Tony in his head.  "I think the media likes to paint him like that, but from what I've seen of him, no.  He seems more like the type that needs to be pulled away from something that doesn't work.  You were the one who said he was driven."
inflexible as an agency not to bend the rule books, Steve couldn't connect the dots.  It was extremely frustrating to say the least, and he had the feeling Fury planned it that way.
Tony thought back to his rides from the city.  From what he remembered of the aerial view, that whole section of the cavern was covered with thick vegetation that left very little of the view underneath.  If one were to hide from the dragons, that was really an ideal place for it.  "I'll escort you home then.  I'm Tony, by the way."  He took her hand and kissed it, delighted to see a faint flush on her visible cheek as he flirted shamelessly.  "May I have the honor of your name, fair lady?"
The brown dragon turned back to the blue one in what was definitely a shrug.  Another name feeling: scarlet, magenta, fuchsia.  Both the sunrise and sunset.  Chaos of an oncoming storm, but the calm and quiet of the silent woods.  Dark and mysterious, deep magic.  "-said if he is killed, it will disrupt the magic.  She saw the mural as it was carved and had a premonition flash.  He's important, whoever he is."
"How terribly heroic of you," Stark said, but his hand returned to Steve's hair like it was drawn there, and Steve didn't remember moving, but his head now rested on Tony's shoulder.  Here in the dark, Stark was
This was definitely one of the strangest invitations to bed that Tony had ever received.  But he was exhausted and the thought of making a shelter in the dark held no appeal.  On the other hand, Steve
There was no guaranteeing this would even work if it meant now anyway.  Just because it was some magical prophesy a dragon told him was no reason to believe in it.  He was no telepath, not like the dragons.  The only way it would work was if someone was listening near by.  Very near.  Usually once the dragons were out of sight he stopped feeling their feelings, though he could hear their voices for a bit further.  Steve possibly wasn't even back from the fighting in the north.
do or allow such a thing.  A cut that jumped to miss her eye, meant to scar and scare her, was careful and precise.  She would have had to be held down.  Tony swallowed hard at the sight, trying to push the thought of torture from his mind.  He nodded to reassure her, knowing Steve wasn't the only dragon.  He couldn't picture any of the dragons he'd met being that cruel, but dragon wars had to start for a reason. It had to be a dragon from a different clan.  Steve had said there was one to the west that they spoke with occasionally.
Jan did a little shimmy that showed off her assets, causing Steve to blush.  "What if I just want to be sexy for me?"
"Bucky?" Steve said once the words caught up to his ears. He looked around, but didn't see anyone with a metal arm, pink or otherwise.
Tony didn't respond, and Steve shifted him to get a better look.  His heart nearly stopped.  Tony wasn't breathing.  He tried to touch Tony's chest but got another shock for his troubles, the white light that had been coming out of his shirt earlier now dark.  Steve swallowed, pulling up Tony's shirt.  He was shocked to find the same sort of arc reactor that powered Iron Man in Tony's
"Steve," Tony replied.  "You can't go in there with me and you know it.  The metal wouldn't be good for you even if you could fit in the doors, and someone has to go in there or your home will be destroyed.  I've done this before.  I'll be fine."
Clint snorted. "I'd say I'm surprised, but I'm starting to get used to the insanity here.  But that's what this is about, right?  You struck out with Iron Man, so you're trying the friend angle?"
darkness, plus a lot of pain and a dash of nausea on the side.  He twisted, trying to break free from whatever was holding him as his panic started to consume him.
When he looked back, Rhodey was lying on the bed with Tony snuggled up to him.  He nodded his thanks to Steve, rubbing Tony's back as the other man hid his face in Rhodey's shoulder.
Soon, the crystal would charge and then... He didn't want to get ahead of himself.  There were so many things that could go wrong.  The egg might not hatch or they might be forced to leave again.  But soon - hopefully - they could have a proper family.  It was a little scary when he thought of being a father, but he could feel his bonded's love through the link.  She would be a wonderful mother, enough to make up for all of his faults.  He would -
"No.  I don't think so?  JARVIS?" Pepper said, her voice rising at the end as she pushed a few wisps of hair behind her ear.
"Bruce said there was some variable introduced to keep you from realizing something was wrong," Clint said.
Tony stood there breathing.  Steve could hardly find his own air, almost unable to look.  But he forced himself not to miss Tony's last moments.  He owed Tony that much.  "Steve," Tony said, his voice on the hologram almost too low to hear.  "I... never mind.  It doesn't matter now. No one else is going to die because of me.  I'm sorry.  Camera off."
Steve heard a faint mechanical noise.  He nearly turned to see what had happened when he froze, realizing the sound must have been the helmet coming up.
One of the caterers got in his way, however.  She was a small woman, but she had her hands on her hips and glared up at him in a way that was more than a little intimidating.  "Ma'am?"
The plane shook violently.  Tony only had second to cry out before pain on the side of his head flared up and took him out.
"-not the best place to live, but I tried to clean up before coming to rescue you, so don't make fun of me for it," Susan said, looking up at him and Tony with wide eyes.  "He's stirring, but why hasn't he woken up?"
Tony didn't immediately squash the hope those words brought up.  The stolen kiss after the Avengers reunion battle had been short and desperate as Tony tried to give what little comfort he could.  Tony had initiated it, but Steve was the one who pulled him back after the first chaste press of their lips.  There had been a moment when Steve smiled at him, a small half-smile that made Tony's chest ache like he still had the arc reactor.  In that brief moment, Tony had thought it would work out.
"He said 'Women aren't fit for war,'" Pepper mimicked in a pretty fine impersonation of Jarvis's throaty bellow.  "
Steve's tail uncurled and he turned around then, letting Tony do his business and wash up in a small stream nearby.  Tony could sense a bit of disappointment, especially since Peggy and Sharon had apparently been quite free with details of  his heart pump, but he ignored it.
He stayed like that for a long while, not sure if he was guarding the door or if he couldn't bear to go too far.  He tried to sort through the mess in his head, but the more Steve tried, the more confusing it got.
"It's not that simple," Rhodey said.  "You guys got to know Iron Man, but would you really have accepted Tony Stark into your group?  Honestly?"
Steve stopped shaking, finally not needing to swallow or dry heave after every breath.  Stark's hand moved to his back as the man slipped under Steve's arm to help him stand.  "I'm fine," Steve grumbled, even as he leaned more heavily on Stark's shoulder when his legs didn't quite work the way they oughtta.  He hated being betrayed by his own body.
Natasha regarded him, probably weighing the pros and cons of letting him figure it out himself versus telling him.  She decided on the latter, and Steve was quietly relieved.
"I don't want to interrupt," Steve said, looking between him and Ms. Potts.  He didn't know how well his questions would go over with Ms. Potts here as well.  It might put her in danger if she was also in the dark.
He knew what he was supposed to say.  He was supposed to be Cap, and be optimistic.  He was supposed to have a plan.  He couldn't force the words out though, not when Cap was here.  Not while the man he'd seen
Steve was at a loss of what to do as Tony continued to strip away the fat and tendons.  He wished Sam were here.  Sam always knew the right thing to say, even with prickly billionaires.  "Tony-" Steve started to say as he placed a hand on Tony's back.
"Just because I post more of Tony than the others doesn't mean I'm in love with him," Steve said, not quite meeting Rhodey's eyes.  "He's popular for the requests.  And I can't...  I can't seem to get him
"You are naive," Viper said, her voice hard.  "Hydra will create the world as it should be where the strong will rule.  The unworthy will be rooted out.  My Serpent Society is strong.  It is only right we take our place in the new order."
"What's the status?" Steve demanded into the com as he threw his shield at another bot, taking its head clean off.  The building was behind him, the trees were well back, cordoned off by a fence, and the courtyard was over taken with about thirty robots.  Just what he needed to take his frustration out on.
Tony found himself being thrown across Steve's back, Steve's tail unwrapping from his waist after it placed him there.  He was lying on his stomach between two of Steve's spikes and he stared at the blue scales under him in shock.  "Don't you dare-"
"That's not cryptic at all," Tony grumbled.  He needed to think, to find ways to change what he saw.  The crystal was a lost cause and probably useless, despite the fact he was saddened for losing it, but if he could recognize the small dragon he could...
"Only when people try to kill you on a daily basis," Tony said, putting the gun back in its holster.  He took the holster off, folding it and setting it to the side, a little too unsettled by his nerves to wear it now.  "That's what they do, during wars."
Falling in the suit was marginally better than falling without the suit.  Tony reminded himself of that when he groaned, knowing he'd have bruises from being knocked around so hard.  Didn't feel like anything was broken, which was always a plus.  Someone was talking to him, soft and repetitive, but Tony ignored the voice in favor of seeing if he could move.
Doom walked forward again, only stopping when Steve didn't move out of the way.  It went against everything in Steve's being to let Doom closer to Tony.  He held out his hand for the device, which Doom looked at in disdain.
This time Steve did punch the wall.  It was a little better than the elevator door, but he immediately felt guilty for the hole he left and for the people ducking out of their offices then quickly looking away.  None of that changed the fact he let Stark get away.
Tony snorted across from him, leaning back in his chair with his arms crossed. He looked a little angry despite the smile on his face. "I wondered what would get your attention," he said.
Tony immediately started on rebuilding the mental walls.  They weren't what they had been, but they would at least be better than nothing and even building those made him tired.  It wasn't until he felt the shield on his mind lessening that he realized Steve had been shielding him in more ways than one.  "Now will you let go?  My arm hurts."
"You must survive," Steve said weakly.  Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve, knowing he was holding something back.
"He turned me down," Steve said.  And it still hurt.  He doubted he could ever really stop loving Iron Man, any more than he could stop loving Peggy.  But Iron Man had turned him down, even if those feelings had been reciprocated to some degree.  "I can't say I'm not still in love with him, but I'm not gonna waste the chance to have something good between us because he said no.  It's time I moved on."
"I didn't need you to prove that to me by pulling this sort of damned idiotic stunt!"  Tony rubbed what he could reach of Steve's scales to create more friction.  "You need to go down and sit by the lava baths.  Come on, you-"
Steve swallowed.  Stark, on the other hand, looked positively gleeful.  "You do that.  If that will be all, Ms. Potts?  I'm sure Captain Rogers would like to get on with our meeting."
Tony looked back to see the gun on the ground at her feet.  Dropped, most likely, and Tony could hear Jarvis's disapproval at that.  Viper herself looked pale, staring at the murky water in horror.  "I did not mean to harm it," she said, her eyes wide.  "I wanted to scare it away, not..."
"And I'll come up with a strategy to fight it," Steve said.  He raised his wing slightly so Tony couldn't see the city.  It didn't work to put the discomfort out of his mind, but Tony appreciated the effort.  "Now rest.  We'll visit the temple in the morning."
"That's the plan," Tony grumbled as he reached the top of the stair well.  The metal altar room was a lot worse for the wear.  Tony had to push away a fallen wall to get out and that was after slipping down a flight of stairs when a tremor caught him off guard.
"What are you planning?" Tony growled, forcing himself up regardless of the pain.  His arm burned, but he managed to get a proper sitting position so he wasn't slumped over.  He tried not to think of how violated he felt with her fingers tracing the rim of the casing.  "The dragons-"
Two hours after that the Hulk was roaring, carefully cradling the broken suit as he pulled the rest of the building off Tony.  Steve had to be held back by Thor, pale and trembling, so that he wouldn't rush into the dangerous wreckage as well.
"Hey, big guy," Tony said, not moving no matter how his instincts yelled at him for having a giant monster pinning him down.  "It's just me in here.  I showed you the suit, remember?  Are you going to make a habit of attacking me when I come out?  Because it'd be nice to be prepared for it, should that be the case."
Doom did not look pleased under his mask, but he did not keep moving.  "There were several other designs along with the machine Mr. Stark was building.  I was focusing on some of the others, including a few of the more time-sensitive items.  One of which was designed to restart time for him, as presumably this has set him back in previous tries."
Steve nodded. He could understand the acceptance part, at least. He bit his lip, torn on what to do.
Tony felt a heat blooming in his chest that had nothing to do with the heart pump.  Making sure that his walls were still high, he leaned against Steve's flank, allowing the touch to calm the agitation in Steve's movements.  "I'm okay," he said, letting Steve feel a little of what was behind his walls.  "Just tired.  Ended up in a tussle with a naga that pulled me pretty far down the river, and I never found the source of the scream.  I'm just tired from trying to find my way back.  Sorry for worrying you."
"Are you alright?" Steve asked, unsure of how to take Iron Man's strange behavior.  He was also moving differently, the armor more jerky than usual.  "Are you hurt?"
"It is important.  I'll be down to see him in a bit, thanks."  He had to go in prepared.  Perhaps he should hold off, though.  Tony had been trying, but Steve kept pushing him too hard.  If this was one of those times...  But there wasn't much choice.  This might be his only opportunity.  He raided the pantry for some cookies and a couple of coffees, then headed down.
"Not really."  Tony was never the sort of person who could fall quickly in and out of love.  He was still half in love with Pepper, and he doubted that would ever change.
Tony was rigid for a few seconds before he went limp against Steve's shoulder.  He didn't speak.  The silence felt wrong.  It reminded Steve of Iron Man, who often went still when he was upset.
"No, I mean about not raising the alarm.  Is Tony in danger?" He was honestly a little charmed by how protective Happy had been of Iron Man.  He was glad the man was Iron Man's friend.  The implications of what they'd been talking about before were a little worrying though.
Kestrel and Rhodey finally let him go, Rhodey rubbing the tears from her eyes.  She beamed up at him after that, taking Kestrel's hand and squeezing it gently.  "I knew we'd get you back," she said.  Then the anger returned to her face.  "Now get Cap back to normal!"
"I can," Tony said wryly.  "And will be, if the ceiling's high enough, which I'm pretty sure it is.  But the stairs lead to places like exits, so I'll follow them and assume it's not going towards a dead end."
But Iron Man didn't let go of Steve's hand when he got up.  He squeezed it gently, looking down at their joined hands.  "Thanks," Iron Man said, and there was a rough quality to the word that not even the computer modulator could hide.  He finally let go and Steve wished he hadn't.  "I guess it does get a bit lonely sometimes."
Steve grumbled and Tony could feel the frustration rolling off of him, but he sighed and murmured an agreement.  "I'll just have to prove I mean it slower then."
"Then what do you say?" Steve asked, a mixture of hesitance and hope in his eyes.  "Should we give this a shot?"
When he was finally allowed to see Tony, Steve couldn't stop staring.  Tony looked like he was sleeping, except for the sinister black light on his chest.  Tony, who was Iron Man.  His best friend.  All those times, it had been Tony under the armor, risking his life.
In the end, he couldn't quite articulate it.  There was a brief awkward silence that Iron Man finally broke.  "Well, this got depressing.  I have a message for you, by the way."
"Steve Rogers," he said, still not meeting Rhodes's eyes like he knew he should.  "Yes, sir.  I went with Tony on his trip to Afghanistan."
"There's obviously something wrong," Steve bit out, unable to keep his temper in check.  He should back off.  He knew that, but he couldn't help pressing forward.
"Trying," Steve said.  With everything that's been going on recently, he hadn't seen much of Tony, though he'd managed to catch him between meetings a few times for a quick hello.
Steve's tail was wrapped around his middle, not tightly, but casually possessive.  Behind Tony was Steve's flank, and if he listened closely, he could hear Steve's heart beat as the dragon's chest rose and fell.  Steve's head was in Tony's lap, which Tony didn't remember happening.  Nor did he remember placing a hand protectively between Steve's horns.
Tony picked up his spare gun from the survival kit in the armor as they spoke and holstered it. Remarkably enough, the container had survived Sam's claws.  It only had a few bullets left and he could barely see straight, but he felt better for having it.  He also quickly cut the rope that tied the crystal to the armor, tying it to his wrist with a quick knot.  He'd gone this far with it and it felt wrong to leave it now.  One gauntlet still seemed in decent shape and he started to pull at the wires to disconnect it from the shoulder.  Steve wasn't giving up and neither would he.
Kes nodded, wiping away her tears.  "The best," she agreed, bowing her head slightly and not meeting Susan's eyes.  "So you tell me if Leo ever hurts you, because I'll fry him with War Machine's repulsors if he ever does."
"Steve, you can't give up like this!  I can fix it," Tony promised, refusing to move.  Peggy was...  She was one of the first dragons he'd really talked to.  She'd always been there when he had problems with Steve, and Christ, Sharon...  Grief fueled into useless fury.  He couldn't be helpless to avenge her.  "I can do this.  I can-"
the sort to take things this fast normally.  But it felt like they'd been dancing around this for a while, even if Steve hadn't seen it, and he wasn't going to make the same mistake twice.  He'd waited too long with Peggy, and missed his chance.  He wasn't going to let that chance slip away again.  "I'll see you at eight?"
He snuck out to the roof after that.  It was closer than the ground as the stairs he had gone down earlier hadn't even gone a third of the way down the building.  But it was colder up there, and after the heat of the building it felt fantastic.  Tony stared at the darkened 'sky', seeing the moss's faded glow reflecting in the crystals in a way that made the shadows dance.  He tried to think of its potential uses and the science behind it, but his mind kept drifting back to the problem of his heart.  He hadn't even been looking for a solution, not since the War started, but there was still the crushing sense of disappointment.  It wasn't like he really needed much now with the orichalcum, but what would it feel like, to have this hunk of metal out of his chest?
The picture was raw and too private, but he posted it anyway, because if there was one thing he knew, it was the feeling of
Tony was surprisingly patient as Steve tried to find the right phrase.  Finally, Steve sighed and shook his head.  "Sorry.  Just thinking about a lot of things lately."  Not his best redirection, but it was better than silence.
Tony threw him an unimpressed look.  "Considering the enemy uses a combination of Doom's and my tech to make robots appear and disappear on a whim, I'm not chancing this anywhere on the server.  Don't bother trying to take a picture of it.  JARVIS is blocking your phone app."
"He needs to work on his timing," Natasha said.  "Wake the Fantastic Four out of their beds, not us.  I'm not in the mood."
Probably a good thing though, Steve admitted quietly to himself.  The face Thor made before the god could hide his reaction suggested that Steve needed a bit more practice at cooking lasagna.
Mem: Steve is such an epic sulker in any universe.  Also, MAGIC.  *jazz hands*  Sorry.  I had a bit much fun with that.  No apologies for all the cuddles though.  There are no regrets on that account.
"Not Bucky," Steve said finally, then shook his head.  "Not entirely, at any rate.  Sam's coming back next week because the lead was a bust, but there's been something else I've been thinking about."
.  You kept me warm when I didn't think I ever could be again.  None of what happened was your fault."
He was going to do this with more dignity than letting her ease him into dropping his guard, however.  "Am I..." he asked tentatively, then steeled himself.  "Am I in love with Tony?"
"You are very guarded for a human," the red dragon said.  "I can only read your surface thoughts, but nothing below them. One would think you're hiding something."
"Honestly, giving her some time to think on it is the best thing right now," Tony said with a shrug.  Then lower, "You okay?"
"The fact that I was being more stubborn about our argument than trying to make our relationship work," Steve said plainly, opening his eyes and looking at Tony with a lost expression that cut off any smart reply he could think of.
"It's good to see you dancing again, man," Sam said.  "But I think you and Peggy should show Tony how it's really done.  You up for another song, Sharon?"
She stopped when she felt a hand entangle with hers, looking down to see Leo's fingers entwined with hers.  He still didn't meet her eyes, which she was privately glad of for once, because she felt her face heat up as she tried to hide her blush.  "Leo..."
"I will tear the Skrulls apart," Tony replied, anger finally surfacing.  "There won't be anything left of them when I'm through."
Tony held the position for a moment before attempting to pull away.  Steve didn't get the memo to let go, however.  "They don't need us looking over their shoulder all the time," Tony said, snapping the camera off with a flick of his wrist.  He pulled up a list of items they'd need for the winter as news of the elections ran on the bottom of the screen.  "No rest for the wicked."
Carefully, Susan pulled Kes out of the small space, cradling her in her arms.  "Kes!  Come on, wake up!"
"And you're not gonna tell me what it is, are you?" Steve asked.  "What's the point of telling me all this?  What's your aim, Fury?"
"Yup, that's me," Tony said, finding a mindless game that Natasha liked to play when she was only half-paying attention.  It had explosions for connecting enough of the colors together, which was always a plus in Tony's book.  "Gold star, Cap.  You can recognize your teammates."
He'd barely taken a step before there was a hand around his arm, keeping him in place.  "Let me go," Tony said, tugging his arm away.
Steve deserved the pillow thrown his way.  But if it was a dream, it was at least one Tony was willing to stay in.
Tony was surprised to hear Steve say that.  Wouldn't Steve prefer to work with one of the other dragons?  The ground shook violently before he had the chance to ask, however.  He flew into the air as the ground started to crumble and a massive twelve-headed creature came up from the ground.
He brought up Steve's head, rubbing the dragon's cheek and then kissing his forehead.  "Steve, please," he begged, his vision blurring as he curled around Steve.  "Steve..."
Tony leaned in, feeling Steve's warmth wrapped around him.  It was nice to be warm again even if it did come with dirty baseball talk.  Always in the wrong place, at the wrong time...  "Yippie ki-yay, motherfucker."
Tony had made note of a small cave to the east of the gate when Steve flew him here in the morning.  It was, as Steve said, a short flight.  But if he went in the suit, he might be seen.  After a few minutes of internal debate, Tony went back inside the gate and took the armor off.  It would take longer walking, but hopefully having the suit inside the gate would keep Steve from worrying too quickly.  The trees on this side of the jungle weren't as thick, but they would still provide enough cover as long as he kept an eye to the sky.
"Alright," Jarvis said.  He felt human hands gripping him and he wobbled and straightened out onto his legs.  An arm wrapped around his waist as Jarvis took most of his weight.  "You two get out of those tin cans.  I'll take Tony for a while."
He also didn't say that the likelihood of himself surviving was dropping drastically with every passing minute.  But that was the part Steve heard, and he felt Steve curl around him protectively as if that would shield him further from the snow that rapidly piled up outside.  "It won't be that long," Steve said.
Viper picked the stick up carefully, testing its strength.  "Thank you," she said, her green eyes unreadable.
"Tony!" Two voices called out.  He was vaguely aware of a third yelling "Stark!" but he never paid Fury much attention anyway.  Tony twisted the suit as much as possible, trying to get a visual on the bastard.  That was a trick the Germans couldn't do.  Tony smirked as he let loose a missile aimed right at the cockpit.  He had the satisfaction of watching it blow up before the velocity of his movement caught up with him and he blacked out, falling from the sky.
acting as a voice of reason.  That made Steve feel a little better.  "This is all just to cheer Jan up?" he asked.
"Yup, let's do it," Tony said, drawing Steve's hand up to his mouth and kissing his knuckles in a way that sent Steve's stomach into flips.
Peggy's nostrils went round in what Tony assumed was draconic body language for smiling.  She moved a little ways off, then returned to Tony with a sturdy looking-branch.  He took it gratefully.  "You will not believe me, I see," Peggy said.  "I'll just have to take you so you can understand for yourself."
Then again, Tony had never been too fond of sleeping on the ground.  "Actually," he said with a faux yawn.  "I'm feeling a bit more tired than I thought.  Now that you're here, we could... though I don't want to keep you, going to bed early if you've already got plans."
Tony was humming softly as he cooked the omelets.  The coffee helped assuage Steve's distaste for mornings even if it did nothing for his hunger, if just for the fact that it was warm and he could feel it through his fingers and down his throat.  He had almost finished it when a plate slid across the table to stop in front of him.
"Who are you?" he asked as she let him go, falling back against the wall.  He cried out again as it jostled his bad arm and he tried to hunch over his chest to protect the heart pump.  He saw the same naga from earlier behind her, glaring at him.  He tried to sit up straighter, but gave that up as a bad job after the pain got to be too much.
Susan swallowed, pushed down the urge to scream, then swallowed again as the HUD pulled up a few quick scans for a heartbeat.  Had she just-
Her feet were clothed in soft slippers that were a brilliant emerald green, a little brighter than the rest of her outfit.  He focused on the delicate ankle, allowing himself a moment to appreciate.  "It doesn't look like it's swelling too badly.  I'll fly you out of here and we can take a look in the better light."
Tony was surprised, mentally checking over his aches and bruises.  None of them were that obvious and his walls were high.  How did Steve know?  "I..."
They also brought ice chips and water, and those were awesome.  The cool water felt like bliss running down his ragged throat, and he would have made himself sick had the nurse not stopped him with a frown and gentle admonishments.
"Steve?" Tony said, trembling at the name-feeling.  It was like Steve had taken a piece of his soul and named him with it, and the thought of anyone knowing him that well shook him to the core.
"It worked well enough," Steve said.  Getting to know Iron Man's friends proved surprisingly useful.  Pepper and Rhodey both seemed really supportive and he'd only met Happy briefly, but he seemed like a nice guy.  Steve doubted he'd have gotten very far without their help.
Tony felt it when Steve undid the code, and the first sob broke free as Steve's arms tightened around him.  "I'm
"You're a sap," Tony said, but Steve definitely wasn't imagining the blush this time.  "Alright.  You'll get your date."
"There's so many things I could learn if I could apply this to-" Tony cut his curiosity short.  As much as he would love to understand, there was a war going on.  A war that threatened the very existence of this place.  The gravitational effect might be useful, but the rest...
"Alright," Steve said, but his tail curled around Tony's feet.  "We should get going if we want to find Viper."
Tony was so focused on the files that he didn't notice Rhodey was sitting next to him until he spoke.  He didn't jump, but it was a near thing.  "You're not going to set it on fire by staring at it like that."
The next night had Vision and Wanda going out with Natasha to show them more of the States, and Sam and Rhodey had some sort of poker game with a few of their fellow airmen. There were other SHIELD recruits but Steve wasn't as close to them as he was to the Avengers.
"I know you will," Steve said, and when had he gotten so close?  Tony had moved closer to get the uniform, but this was much closer than he intended.  He only had to lean up a little to kiss Steve, and the realization caught in his throat.
"Let me show you," she said.  The dragon bent down and touched a portion of the wall along the edge that was near the bottom.
That made sense.  "You could have called us for back up.  We'd have been willing to track down whoever did this."
"Sure," Tony said casually, though he hadn't stopped trembling.  "What's the worst that could happen?"
Gingerly, Leon sat down, if only because disobeying Cap's order felt wrong.  He flexed his foot, sucking in a breath as he moved it more than he should.
"You a fan?" Steve asked as he entered the room. He couldn't quite bring himself to leave once he saw the red and gold armor.  Iron Man didn't quite have the same influence as Bucky, but he was good at calming Steve down, and Steve could use some calm after that dream, even if guilt for it made him hesitate.
Tony sighed, then shifted his chair closer again.  "We're all fine, cuddle bug.  You're allowed to be a little clingy."
Steve brought his shield up again as Doom's hand went to the controls on his wrist, but only a projection shot out.  It was Tony.
Bright red and navy blue, passion and flame, dancing and music.  The rose that blooms in adversity and the immutable constant of the sea.
Tony made a mental note to ask Peggy about the story later.  And to get her in the same room with Fury, because
"Because even that little bit might be helpful to Stark," Fury said.  "And to warn you.  Stark hasn't been the most forthcoming with a lot of the information on the portals.  That has a lot of the boys in the lab worried.  Might be that he can handle it by himself.  I'm not so sure.  Look out for him, Captain."
"The sounds you make don't translate, though they are interesting to listen to.  We hear what you say from your mind," Steve explained.
"Yeah," Steve said, wondering what Tony was up to.  As much as he loved the genius, there were still a lot of times Steve couldn't keep up with his spit-fire thoughts.  "We were hoping you or Iron Man could spare a bit of time to join us for a movie."
"My job is to protect the city," Steve said.  "Right now, you're part of that city.  I... don't know if I trust you just yet, but you don't feel like a bad human."
Thor leaned back in his chair, looking at his phone thoughtfully.  "It could mean that he knows the rumor to be true and would not lie for Stark's honor."
"I'm sure you'll manage something with that genius brain of yours," Steve said, drawing a particularly low moan out of Tony.
Steve glanced back at the others.  Jan had been a little down recently, even though she tried to put on a cheerful act.  As long as Tony was just
Steve stomped down on the curiosity that ate away at him, reminding himself firmly that he had made a promise.  He had Iron Man's trust.  It was that more than anything that had him ignoring his need to know more and forcing himself to eat rather than let his mouth run to ask questions.  Iron Man's trust was too valuable to waste.
After that, Tony felt like he was reading a Jules Verne novel.  If that was a cave, then the next mural showed a paradise under the earth, lush and green.  Tony snorted at the thought.  He didn't know what was under the earth, but he was pretty darn sure it wasn't utopia.  He'd gotten his hopes up at the first two pictures, but now he knew it was just a farce.  Whatever Hydra thought was down here, it had to be a dead end.
"Then he probably doesn't know," Rhodey said.  "He doesn't keep track of everyone's movements like some people think, and it's not my place to tell him.  But you should talk to him about it."
Tony looked up and raised an eyebrow.  "More or less.  Do I want to know what kind of dream it was?"  If it was a sex dream, it served Steve right. He was still awfully curious about what Tony looked like under his clothes.
"Just not good at hiding either, are you?" Tony said, examining the altar.  He ran his hand along the metal, then blew the dust off his gauntlet.  Viper was terrible at dusting.  Bending down to check under the altar garnered him some laughing from Steve, which he figured he deserved after laughing at Steve getting stuck in the tree.  In his defense, he never actually took the suit with him to explore temples.
He felt a hand on his shoulder, and Steve looked up to see a small smile on Rhodey's face.  "You're not the only one at fault, Steve.  God knows Tony doesn't make it easy on himself, and he never took a chance.  I'm willing to bet he hurt you a lot in the process of getting to know him as well, since I hear you don't always let things go when he asks."
"Let him go, Schmidt," Steve said.  There was steel in his voice, but also a note of fear that Tony hadn't heard very often.  Dreams.  They were nice.  Tony closed his eyes, savoring the sound one last time.
"It works, Tony," Natasha said, a smile threatening her lips no matter how hard she tried to stay stoic.
Tony's eyes slowly adjusted to the little light to be had, slowly taking in that they were, in fact, in a cave.  If he hadn't already been shivering, he would have shuddered.  He was almost glad of the cold for that, because Steve was pressed up against him in what Tony assumed was an effort to conserve body heat.  They were on the ground, curled up together with what had to be the remains of a parachute thrown on top of them.  Tony felt a familiar, unhappy pang, but he pushed that to the side.  Not the time, nor the place.
Tony yelped as Peggy's long tail thwapped the ground next to him, sharp spikes on the end gleaming in the light.  "Too crude?" he asked once he found his dignity again.
"Of course, Captain," JARVIS said as Steve made his way to the elevator.  When the doors opened to the penthouse, Steve looked around curiously.  The living room seemed very stylish and modern, and he walked in feeling out of place.  There were glass doors leading to a balcony that Steve felt drawn to, and after seeing no one around he walked forward to take a peek.  The view took his breath away.  New York in all of her beauty lay out before him even as he started to mentally compare it to the landscape from his time.  It was a melancholy feeling, seeing the changes to his city laid painfully bare before him.  Steve almost took a step forward to the doors, then closed his eyes.
your fault," Steve said, hugging Tony tighter.  "You should have trusted us more.  But Viper betraying your trust and waking up the hydra, that was all her, Tony.  Not you.  And you being an idiot sometimes doesn't mean I don't still love you.  Especially not when Peggy would say I'm just as bad about being stubborn."
"You've saved me from this monstrosity, so I think I can get you out of the dog house on this one, Captain," Stark said finally, pulling out his phone and tapping on it in quick, precise movements that Steve thought only young people could master.  "Ms. Castillo owes me a favor and Pepper will accept anything she comes up with.  She's a better liar than you too."
Steve nodded dumbly, which was apparently witty enough for her as she pressed against him and held her phone out.  He at least remembered to smile.
Tony nodded, and he looked lighter now that there was a clearer plan.  The self-hatred that Steve had seen was all but dispersed now that he had a course of action.  Steve wondered if it had really gone, or if it had just been pushed back by a sense of urgency.
And yes, he worried about how Tony never seemed to get much sleep, and he hated it when Steve said the wrong thing and left a sad expression on Tony's face.  Or worse, when he set Tony on the defensive.  But he hated when that happened with the others too.  He'd always
Steve's head was in his lap, a soft rumbling in his throat that Tony equated to dragon snoring.  His mind was open and relaxed, and Tony got the impression of a lot of food when he pet Steve, most of it meat.  Given how much Steve ate, even compared to the other dragons, Tony couldn't say he was surprised.  It was, however, greatly entertaining to know what Steve dreamed of when it wasn't a nightmare.
have a nice posterior, and any attempt to save his dignity would backfire the same way his comment about Tony cussing had.
Tony brought Steve's hand up to his lips, pressing a soft kiss to the knuckles of Steve's still deadly hands despite the lack of claws.
"Because it's my fault, not yours!" Tony said.  "I'm the one who has to fix this.  No one else should die because of my mistakes and I won't-"
"Natasha and Clint have been captured," Steve said as he threw another punch, his words clipped and precise.
"Come on, you lush," Tony said.  This time when he made to stand, Steve didn't stop him.  "It's time for you to be getting some shut eye."
"Thank God for small mercies," Rhodey said.  "Tony would hate it for SHIELD to know after everything that's happened.  I can't say I'm all that comfortable with the idea myself, but if Fury's kept the secret this long, I guess we can keep trusting him.  Thanks for keeping quiet to the rest of the team.  Tony needs to tell them himself that he's Iron Man."
Tony paused the game, looking up at Steve in surprise.  "What for?  It's not like you can really help nearly dying."
But Tony hadn't gotten it right, not yet.  Tony had died eight times to save the world.  And Steve had accused him of betrayal.  They were a right pair, the both of them.
That made something unfurl in Tony's chest and the need to show off became to much too resist.  "Sure," Tony said, deciding not to care about the fuel.  He could make sure only to use a little.  Or just cross that bridge if he didn't have enough when he got there.  "Head up to the ledge up there and I'll show you."
"Thanks," Steve said dryly, because as strange as Vision found humanity, he certainly hadn't lost the sharp wit that Tony had given JARVIS.
It hurt that he didn't meet her eyes at that, but she didn't push.  Cap sensed something amiss, but he didn't know Leo like she did.
"It's easier to sense you now with the armor on," Steve said, though it was clear he still didn't like it.  "I think I could hear you now if you tried to speak to me mind to mind even if you're far off."
Pain.  Deep, searing pain.  Tony gasped and blinked away tears, pushing it down as he fired.  He missed.  He couldn't miss.  He could change the vision.  He had to destroy the skull now.  It was retreating, so Tony repressed down the link and Steve's pain to take a last, clear shot.
"He 'enjoys supporting the endeavors of independent artists trying to make a living outside the constraints of traditional business models'," Carol whispered back in what sounded like an imitation of Steve's own voice.
Steve didn't reply at first, and Tony wondered if he was just going to let it drop.  He couldn't decide if it was better to just go back to the status quo.  The status quo hurt like a bitch, but it was better than sitting here waiting for the axe to fall.  They'd tried this dance already, and Tony knew how it ended: going their separate ways once the song finished.
It worked until Steve started pacing again, and as much as Tony liked watching Steve's ass as he walked by, it was really not helping.
Tony was glad of the armor, because it hid the fact he tensed.  "It's war," he said, looking at the gate even though he didn't see it.  He saw the dead staring up at him, the experiments of Hydra and the terror of the Japanese in China and Korea.  He'd seen action on all fronts thanks to Fury's secret missions, and what he'd seen...
"Chicken noodle.  Homemade," Steve replied.  While Tony was setting out the soup, she shot a look to Steve over his head.  Steve nodded, a small motion Tony wouldn't notice.  Some of the vegetables had been burnt, while Steve had been cutting the chicken and Tony had been paying more attention to ribbing Steve about it, but on the whole the soup was edible.  Even if Steve sometimes had to sneak in some of the forgotten ingredients when Tony got ahead of himself.  No bots had been involved, so the soup was okay to eat.
A blond head peeked over the edge of the couch, which Tony realized was pushed out a bit.  The man's eyes widened as he vaulted over the top.  He started towards Tony, but halted when Tony raised the gun.  "Tony, it's me, Steve."
He didn't look up from the drawing, but he felt Thor's hand on his shoulder and fought against leaning into it.
'A mood' was probably an understatement, Steve decided.  JARVIS let him in when he asked, surprisingly silent as the door opened, but he wasn't expecting to find Tony on the floor curled around himself, gasping for breath and shaking in the midst of broken parts of the Iron Man suit.
When it was done, he spit out the belt and gasped for breath, trying not to jostle his arm too much and add to it.  There was a tail wrapped comfortingly around his waist that helped support him, but when he opened his eyes, it wasn't blue.  Peggy was bracing him, lightly rubbing his back.
Three heads peeked around the door shamefully, and Tony tried to wipe away the flowing tears, but Steve caught his hand and kissed it.
Rhodey was quiet for a moment, but when he did speak, it was with an open fondness Tony wasn't expecting.  "I guess sometimes I enjoy a good mess.  And you are, Tony.  You're good.  You make a lot of stupid mistakes some times by keeping things to yourself, but you're a good man and you're my friend."
"Let it not be said Gloom can't make an entrance.  He's gone though, so you guys can stand down or whatever," Tony said.  Steve looked over to see both him and Rhodey entering the room.  Tony looked almost as if nothing had even happened.  He was bruised and had a few scars from the battle with Kang that hadn't healed, but it was like the past four days hadn't happened.  They
The trip back was longer than Tony would have liked.  The workshop on the airship was enough to make repairs on the armors, but it wasn't equipped for making an entirely new one and Tony's fingers were itching for work.  Work meant focus.  Work meant not thinking about Steve and the other dragons he'd killed.  The others worried, but he gave them tight smiles and stayed in his cabin when he woke up with dreams of Steve being alive.
"Shh," Steve said.  Tony's words stung more because Steve himself believed them, not Tony.  Hearing that Tony didn't believe it helped a little, but it was a wound that would take a while to close.  It was just going to take time.  "I'm sorry.  I'll work on not pushing."
"Sorry," Tony said after he'd calmed down.  "I guess I deserved that one.  That sort of greeting usually happens when a man is courting someone."
"You should rest now," Wanda said, pushing him lightly towards the entrance. "You are not used to the magic of the bond yet."
"You've shown me the stars in your memories," Steve said, as if that answered everything.  "I won't let you argue."
"Tony, don't sleep," Sam ordered.  "I can't tell what's wrong with you unless you tell me.  I can't sense you in that suit."
A lot of people liked the animal Avengers, and they requested the others a lot too. Steve had a lot of fun with some of the puns, and one or two odd pairings that he suspected came from Natasha, but could never prove due to them being anon messages. The more explicit she asked for, the tamer Steve twisted the prompt, which was fun in its own way, and a few of the others started sending him things with the intention of twisting them too. Still, he'd have preferred not to have ever known about the 'alpha/omega' trope. Thankfully, Steve had been catching up on sci-fi and other genres, so that was easy enough to get around.
"Now, see, to tell you that, I'd have to start some of my processes up again," Tony said as Steve moved to his side.
"Peggy is dead," Wanda said, her eyes glowing red.  It frightened Tony and he could feel that it scared Steve a little too, the sheer amount of power coming from Wanda that was barely controlled.  "Go.  We will take care of this.  Keep him safe."
"You... already know who Iron Man is?" Steve asked, anger turning to a different sort of burning.  Indignation, certainly.  Curiosity was another, and it was on the tip of his tongue to ask despite knowing how much of a breach of trust that would be.
"All hope is not lost," Wanda said.  "What seems like an end can be another beginning.  A sacrifice could change things for the better."
He took that as a yes and didn't press further.  "The doctor said there's a good chance he'll wake up," Steve said.
Christ, how deep did it go?  Was CPR even possible?  However, he had other things to worry about.  The reactor wasn't shining white like normal.  It was the same black color as the portal, and its light gave Steve the same uneasiness as the portal did.  It was somehow inside Tony's arc reactor, and he knew it wasn't good.  He couldn't find a pulse, but Tony...  Tony wasn't dead.  He just had to get to someone who could fix this.  Get rid of the black light and Tony would be fine.
"I don't believe in souls or magic," Tony said, remembering at the last second to keep his voice down.
Bruce moved to Steve's bad side and Steve let him duck under his arm to take some of Steve's weight.  "You worry us when you push yourself too hard, Steve."
Steve's head was bowed low, but his wings flicked in agreement.  Wanda rubbed his cheek, then flew off to join the fight.
"I made the face plate to flip up for a reason," Tony said.  "I've used it before to eat, so I can...  It'll work, I guess."
his fault and not yours," Tony said, because if Steve was still angry, Tony certainly was as well, but they could talk about all of that later.
Steve chuckled, bringing Tony's hand up to kiss his fingers.  "But a cute one.  Go back to sleep, Tony.  I'll draw it in the morning...
Tony was right.  People listened to fear.  Leon still wasn't sure what to think of these AI versions of their ancestors, but Susan trusted them.  Even Kes trusted them as she would JARVIS or FRIDAY, but they unnerved Leon more than he wanted to admit.
But the blast didn't shatter the crystal, or even reflect off.  The crystal absorbed the repulsor blast, glowing faintly.
"Now he's looking."  Tony wiped away fresh tears from her eyes, unbothered by the hideous shade of fuchsia on his nails.  "You and Susan..."
"You're the one with the plan," Tony muttered.  He wasn't supposed to sleep, he remembered.  He thought back to see if he could remember a plan, but if he'd had one it escaped him.
"We'll do what we can," Vision said, looking dispirited as well.  While not as big or life-threatening, the reminder that they couldn't help everyone still stung.
Tony was also vulnerable though, soft and caring when he let his defenses down.  It attracted Steve more than he realized, calling out his need to protect.  Iron Man in a lot of ways was untouchable, but Tony was very real, if completely out of Steve's league.  Tony was clever and looked out for his friends if what Steve had seen was anything to go by.  It was getting harder and harder
Steve thought back to his dreams of bullying Iron Man earlier that week.  Was what they'd been doing really any better, even if they weren't aware of it?  Especially considering the man was their host...
"Okay," Susan said uncertainly.  Then she pulled away, smiling up at Kes.  "You could always be War Machine since I'm taking your armor."
"We're bonded," Peggy replied.  "As she is my sister, we've always been bonded.  It makes us closer in our thoughts."
Natasha shrugged. "A bit creepy, yeah. But it's a harmless enough request. If it makes you uncomfortable, just say so. Or you could give the fans what they want."
"How do you spell that first one?" Steve asked. He wasn't surprised to see it already in his URL bar when he got there, however. "Thanks."
He broke off when he felt a hand on his forehead, shivering slightly without any body heat to warm him up.  He almost leaned into the casual touch because living with the dragons had made him realize how little most people touched him and he would miss it.  "No fever," Jarvis said, sounding both puzzled and relieved.
He hissed as the shield shifted against his ribs.  He had at least one fracture and his right leg was probably sprained, but Steve ignored it.  He needed to check in and start...
He wasn't surprised to receive a slap from the naga for his troubles.  Avoiding pain had never been one of Tony's strong points.  "Show sssome resspect for Madame Hydra," the man hissed.
"I... yes!  I can help with those."  Sharon raised her claw again, and this time Tony paid close attention to the light as she healed his ribs.  He may not have time to study what he wanted to down here, but that didn't mean he couldn't try to learn as much as he could now.  Also, it meant a distraction from the sharp pain that accompanied the healing, and Tony needed that when he could feel his ribs mending.
It was way more intimate with another human.  Tony told himself very firmly now was not the time.  He cleared his throat and Steve pulled back.  Tony didn't know if he was relieved or disappointed.
"You were supposed to come in for debrief," Nick Fury said, and Steve did not jump at the sound of his voice.  Really.
"About what?" Tony asked, wincing at how gravelly his voice sounded, but at least the medicine the nurse had given him was starting to kick in, because it didn't hurt as much.
"Now you're gonna take us out one by one?" Steve asked, scanning the area.  It was admittedly a good plan, especially after taking out his com.  Steve wasn't sure he could handle this guy on his own, but he wasn't about to admit that out loud.  "I'm gonna draw the line here, buddy.  You're not getting to the others."
"Hi," Steve said, his nostrils flaring.  "I wouldn't try too hard for that right now though.  You don't want to repeat yesterday's weakness.  Take it slowly."
Of course, Steve realized belatedly, there were those 'open relationships' he read about; but for some reason he couldn't quite name, he didn't see that for Stark.
like Tony teased him about, but after everything that happened...  Steve wasn't taking any chances.  "Find something?" Steve asked, knowing Tony wouldn't stop the training simulation without a reason.
He'd had plenty of dreams about Iron Man, but those never brought him to completion.  Steve was attracted to his fellow Avenger, but not to the armor itself.  Any kind of dream with Iron Man's armor coming off ended up too vague and left to his imagination.  This was obviously not a problem with Tony.  Steve swallowed hard, trying not to think about the details of the dream or Natasha's words about Tony's tongue.
Tony halted as she wrapped a tail around him, her head coming up to the level of his hands.  He reached out awkwardly to pet her like he sometimes did with Steve, and her eyes closed.  "It's not your fault," she repeated.  "And your stories give people hope.  Never underestimate that."
Tony stiffened, and this time Steve let him pull away.  He didn't meet Steve's eyes.  "What makes you think Doom has anything to do with this?"
They needed to get started if they wanted to search the temple.  The dragon crystal wouldn't need much more charging from the moss light and they had to find Viper before then.  Steve was probably pretty hungry too if he was dreaming of food
Steve took the helmet that looked eerily like Iron Man's from Tony's hands, placing it back on the desk.  "You need sleep," Steve said.  "And I'd like it if you went back to calling me Steve."
"Steve, trust me.  It ain't you," Rhodey said.  "He's happy with the Avengers, happier than I've seen him in a long time, and he trusts you guys with his life."
Steve closed his eyes, leaning into the thumb that rubbed his cheekbone.  His cheeks were starting to hurt from how wide his smile was, but when he opened his eyes again to see Tony staring at him uncertainly, he didn't care.  "Yeah?" Steve asked on a heavy exhale.
"Yes," she said, the vehemence behind her answer surprising her.  "Does that make me a bad person?  I feel better knowing she's..."
"You gonna let go of my hand, Jack?" Tony groused, something in the name telling Steve it was a reference.
Tony nodded, then thought of a clear picture of the clasps.  "Run your claw along here and here," he said, pointing to the sections.  "And push down on the panel in the back as you do.  No, closer to the top of my inner arm.  There.  And open the catch.  You won't be able to see it, but you should be able to feel it when it pops open.  Be careful of the wires.  I don't know how well dragons take to being electrocuted, but humans don't do well and I've been banged up as it is.  Also, I still need the gauntlet to function.  There's a few more catches on the inside, but it should come apart easily enough after that.
Steve smiled at her, almost forgetting the scenery behind him as he took a sip of the coffee she'd given him.  It was just how he liked it, and it warmed up his hands.  He was pathetically grateful for that.
Finally, Steve leaned back.  Tony felt the loss, but kept his expression neutral to hide it.  "I meant what I said earlier," Steve said with a small sigh.  "I've been thinking about it.  A lot.  Since...  Tony, what they did wasn't right.  But if you still want to try, I'd like to take you out to dinner."
Nodding, Steve rubbed his eye and grabbed Tony's hand.  "We should probably run," he said, starting as he realized he was holding
"Is gone."  Steve used his tail to pull Tony closer, claw gently brushing through his hair.  "Tell me about the stars.  Please?  I'd like to hear about the bears again."
Landing was the worst part, but he didn't have to go through it today.  Once he was over the SHIELD warehouse in Maine where the robots were fighting, Steve grabbed a parachute.  "JARVIS, take over for me and take the jet back to the barn.  I'll catch a ride back later."
Natasha hummed as she added tea leaves to the water and passed a second cup to a grateful Bruce.  "You wouldn't be the only one.  Clint and I knew Coulson pretty well, but how he handled Stark has always been strange."
"Iron Man's first loyalty is to Stark," Clint said, his voice dull.  "If Pepper's also in on it, chances are that his hands are already tied.  Letting him know could put him in conflict with us."
?" the Red Skull asked, sneering despite the threat of a live repulsor seconds from shooting him.  "You are still in your sick fantasies, Mr. Stark.  Give us the schematics for the armor, and you can go back to your dream world."
"You've worked with Stark before though, right?" Clint asked, closing his eyes as Bruce absently massaged his calves.  They were all pretty exhausted.
"I know," Steve said, lifting them closer to the ceiling and the moon crystals.  "That's why I want to keep it for as long as I can.  And...  After the War, maybe you could..."
. Not that Carol wouldn't do a fine, upstanding job of saving Tony, but if Tony was going to be a swooning romantic love interest, he should be
"Neither of them would speak to me about it either," Natasha said, squeezing Clint's shoulder at the slight hurt Steve could hear in both of their voices.
It was a pretty garden most people never saw, no doubt kept up by highly paid gardeners.  It was a pity Tony barely came out to the mansion.  It felt like a waste, only to use the mansion for charity dinners and the like.  Even the staff of the Maria Stark Foundation only came out occasionally.  Still, he could understand if Tony didn't have a lot of happy memories here.  The inside of the house felt more like a hotel lobby than a home, and he didn't think that was just because the Foundation moved in.  Tony had remarked as they came in that things hadn't changed much, and the house was very, well, stark.
Steve waited for Tony to make up his mind.  This was what Tony and Colonel Rhodes had been arguing about when Steve overheard them, and he could see that weighing heavily on Tony.  Steve stopped himself from commenting just in time, because the last thing he needed was to out himself as an eavesdropper.
Steve hesitantly lowered his head and Tony took it in his hands.  The amount of trust Steve placed in him by allowing it momentarily blinded Tony.  Steve hated the armor and he knew about the weapons in the gauntlets.  The metal alone could harm him so easily.  But he let Tony hold him despite the metal giving him some minor discomfort for being that close.
How did Stark...?  Iron Man must have told him.  Steve's ears burned at the thought of it.  Iron Man hadn't stuck around for the rest of the conversation, and if he was trying to protect Stark...
She waited until he was at the door before adding, "And if it does turn into a date, be careful of his tongue.  Pepper says he's deadly with it."
"You can," Steve said, though his voice broke on the words.  He wasn't entirely sure it was the truth, but he needed some sort of grounding.
As she left, Steve opened his notebook again, staring down at Peggy.  Unlike Bucky, her eyes had remained the same.  So bright and lively when she was in her more lucid moments.  He knew what she would tell him.  She always called him on his dramatics.
There was another spot on the wall that caught Tony's attention.  It was hard to tell with the dark metal, but there was a small path behind the altar that wasn't completely seamless.
"Tony?" Steve was starting to feel awkward.  He was holding Tony up with the other man pressed against his bare chest, which made Steve remember he'd never gotten the shower he'd planned to take after eating.  Not to mention the feeling of Tony's shuddering breath against his skin was making his heart race.  Not that his crush getting in the way right now was in any way appropriate, and Christ, he hoped Tony wouldn't look up to see how red Steve was.  "Tell me what's going on?" Steve asked again, trying desperately to keep his voice level.
"We need to find Madam Hydra," Tony said, slowly standing as Peggy helped him up.  His foot felt fine now, and so did his arm, even if he felt weak and a little dizzy.  All the other bruises he'd gotten were gone, and Tony suspected Steve of healing what he could earlier.  There was no reason not to go back to the temple and find her before she managed to wake the creature.  There was still time.  "We can stop her before-"
"Part of the Serpent Society.  We were here to take her down, remember?" Jarvis said.  "God knows if we did or not, or if she slithered away.  We took out the base, but there were none of your monsters."
, for pete's sake.  But then I looked back at some of his past flings and was like... nope.  He'd fall for her act completely.  Oh, my silly duck...
Suddenly he had an armful of Natasha, who was hugging him tightly.  "Would you dream this?" she asked, her breath soft against his ear as the illusion gave a half-hearted protest.
Pepper would scoff at first.  She had pointed out how completely ridiculous most of the accounts of his adventures were before.  But seeing the dragons would really amaze her.  He expected at least a minute of words most ladies would never speak, then thousands of others for her new book.  Rhodey would love the fauna down here and discovering their properties.  He'd probably take a liking to Sharon who was always so eager to learn.  Jarvis would love studying some of the draconian aqueducts because they were nothing like the old Roman ones.  And Steve...  He could feel Steve at the other end of the bond.  It was just a little terrifying.
"Always so naive, Mr. Stark," Viper said, a smirk in her voice.  "You failed in every way to protect the dragons.  What makes you think you can stop Hydra when you couldn't stop the beast?"
Steve started to follow after him, but Natasha's soft "Wait" stopped him.  He looked back to see her blowing on a spoonful of the soup.  "The vegetables got a little burnt," Steve said.
Kestrel didn't automatically start a scan, taking the device apart quickly.  Steve tried to help when she fumbled it, but he backed off at her glare.  He smiled reassuringly at Susan's questioning glance.
It was the cave just as they were now, but there were tears running down the mural Tony's face.  He had Steve's head cradled in his lap as he leaned over, open anguish written on every inch of his body.  And Steve...  Steve's eyes were closed.  He wasn't sleeping.  He was...
He pushed on his broken arm harder, crying out as he broke down the last of the walls.  He didn't even know if that was how it was supposed to work and a small, hysterical laugh broke from his lips.  He might be doing this all wrong.  Maybe doing nothing but making himself miserable for his last moments.  But he focused on all the things he normally tried to hide, letting them spill over the broken rubble.
"It does," Steve said, closing his eyes again.  Iron Man was one of his best friends in this century.  Because of him, Steve was starting to feel like he had a home in this tower, despite still feeling out of place in this time.  He'd failed Bucky.  And in the dream, he failed Iron Man too.  He'd wanted to hurt his best friend so badly that-
He signed on the next day and was extremely surprised to see the picture had gotten over a thousand notes and he'd gained a handful of new followers. He clicked through the comments and tags, smiling in spite of himself. There were a few negative comments, but otherwise most of them ran along the lines of 'omg! it's so cute!'
Steve tried to picture Iron Man with the face plate up and Tony's face underneath.  In the park he'd been so close to seeing that. All he'd have had to do was turn around while Tony had been eating.  And to think a billionaire was sitting alone like that all of those times.  It wasn't quite something he could picture for Tony Stark.  But maybe for just
He grinned down at her, feeling like a boy climbing a tree for the first time as he jumped up and grabbed the branch, using his weight and leverage angle to snap the branch clean off.  It was an inch in diameter and a few feet long.  Breaking off the remainder of the small branches and the end where it tapered off, he looked at a perfectly serviceable walking stick.
"You promised," she said before she could stop herself.  "You said you'd be Captain America and save the world."
He blinked, trying to clear his eyes from the tears that the pain caused.  He just managed when a hand gripped his hair, pulling him up.  "You..." he said.
"I'm not leaving," Tony said finally.   Jarvis knew the suits and he had full trust in Rhodey and Pepper to take over for him.  The world wouldn't like that very much, but Fury owed him enough to look out for them when political waters got hot.  Stark Industries was privately owned and set up for any of them to take over in his absence.  His friends would be taken care of.  "Now get me one of those damned cry-"
For a moment, Tony swore the heart pump stopped working.  There was a stinging pain prickling at his eyes, but he ignored it.  Sam, Sharon, Wanda, and the others.  They couldn't...  There was a numbness to their names that Tony couldn't handle right now.  He pushed those thoughts away viciously.  He could grieve when Steve wasn't bleeding out because of a bullet.
Tony stared after him in shock, much of his blood migrating southward.  Steve couldn't be suggesting what Tony thought he was suggesting.  Or at least, not with Tony.  Maybe he was just joking?  Steve wouldn't...
Tony had the same expression from the last time Steve had brought him food.  It was a mixture of touched and baffled, and Steve realized he probably should have begun with the snack.  Food struck a chord with Tony that Steve didn't quite understand but was definitely willing to use as an ice breaker.
Tony cried out as something hit him square in the back, hard enough to throw him off balance.  Damn it all to hell,
.  His heart pounded in his ears as he closed his eyes, because falling back on childish tricks were about as good as he could come up with.  If he couldn't see the darkness, it couldn't hurt him, right?
"Is fine, see?" Steve's voice was gentle, in sharp contrast to the ferocious growl he'd given Zemo.  He lifted his wing for Tony to see, mantling over Tony as he reached out, touching the soft, thin scales to make sure.  "Tell me about the stars," Steve said, blocking Tony from view of what remained of Hydra.
"No," Steve said, looking at the bottle for a moment before downing a good portion of what was left.  Stark whistled in approval.  It stopped burning at least, but Steve could already feel it working its way to his head without any food in his stomach.
Tony looked around him to the two pieces of cake that Steve had set down earlier, biting his lip.  "Tony?" Steve asked, sensing the shift in mood.
Tony got a feeling.  Flashes of color - red, white, blue - art, and a glowing light spoken of only in legends.  The feeling of calm after the rain and the stubborn of a rock that refused to move.  Strangest of all, that brief mix of feeling felt like a
Then the realization occurred to him.  "You're the ghost that's been stealing food and scaring the staff."
He motioned to Susan, who handed Kestrel the Skrull detector.  "Now, given what Susan keeps telling me, you're pretty smart.  Smart enough to tell if one of those has been tampered with, right?  So go ahead and scan us.  Well, scan Susan.  You won't find much scanning me and Tony."
"And I'm right," Steve said, rejoining the conversation.  "But let's pretend for Tony this time, because he makes good lasagna when he doesn't burn it."
Steve let him lead the way, only tugging Tony back when they nearly ran into someone, pushing him into an empty room.  They waited for the footsteps to recede and he grinned sheepishly at Tony.  "Sorry," he said.  "Habit."
"But?" Steve prompted, because the last few times Tony had never even hinted he might have found them.
He glared at Tony's raised eyebrow, grumbled as Tony poked him in the shoulder, and slumped over the counter as his heart rate slowed to a more respectable pace and was replaced with the feeling of wanting to go back to bed.
"I may have spoke too soon," he admitted, taking off again.  On top of his list of things to upgrade, Tony added speed, because the bastards were gaining on him.  He blindly shot downwards with the repulsors, this time hitting one if the shriek was anything to go by.  He made the mistake of looking down.  There was an army amassed below him.
"Well, no, because that's what wire cutters are for, ya know, cutting, but seriously.  Why is everyone so angry?  I'm feeling it too, but the suit's blocking some of it.  I can't get a good reading for a source." Iron Man's head was cocked to the side, looking around at the others and clearly dismissing Steve as unimportant.  Like he was better than everyone else.
Steve divided his time between preparing for a retcon mission to find Natasha and Clint and spending time in Tony's bedroom.  It felt like he was intruding, being in such a personal space.  But Pepper assured him it was okay, and aside from a few pictures here and there, Tony didn't have much in there that seemed overly personal.  The whole room looked very modern with its curves instead of sharp lines, which Steve admired.  It fit more with what he'd think of for Iron Man, not Tony Stark, though the sleek, modern look fit both of them.
Steve looked up to see another airman, not the one who had driven him here, but presumably the one on watch.  "You got anywhere to go for a run around here?" Steve asked.
Honestly, he was the worst candidate to accompany a temperamental team mate, especially since the last time he tried give comfort to Steve it had failed spectacularly.  Thinking about that night would only get him in trouble though, so Tony pushed it aside.  Not knowing anything he could say that wouldn't make the situation worse, he re-focused on his own tablet and tried to ignore Steve.
The silence that followed was enough of a reply.  "Tony," Steve said again, knowing there was very little he could say that would be believed.  He glanced over at the muffins and coffee.  They would be cooling, but it was easy enough to heat up again and it might be the distraction they needed to break this mood.
"You are guarded," Wanda said, standing and coming closer.  She lowered her head until she was staring directly into Tony's eyes.  They were a dark brown that made Tony think of the stars, though he doubted she had ever seen them, living down here.  "There will be a time when those walls will harm you.  If you wish to survive, you must break them down."
The hospital.  Afghanistan.  Steve leaned over his knees, ignoring the pain from sleeping in a hospital chair as he trembled and steadied his breath.
And the guilt was quick on the heels of that realization.  There was a war going on up there.  A war that needed him.  People were laying down their lives even now, and he was down here enjoying himself.  He'd seen the camps and the experiments Hydra tried to hide, the cities ravaged by the Axis Powers.  He'd heard the intelligence from the other camps, places they were no where close to liberating and the body count...  If he had been in Germany, his dalliances with men discovered, would his money have been enough to save him that fate?  But that could have been taken from him too.
He just finished cauterizing their fifth head when he was knocked out of the sky.  He cried out as he hit the ground hard and for a moment Tony wondered if he'd broken his back, the pain was so bad.  It was a relief to realize he could still move.  He was no where near fast enough to move away, unfortunately.
Metal-hurt-searing pain.  Steve dropped from the sky even as Tony's ears registered the shot of a gun.  He held on to Steve's spikes as they crashed into the ground, but his grip wasn't strong enough.  He was thrown off onto the ground, groaning as he rolled to break the fall.
"Haha," Tony said, crossing his arms.  "You should take this show on the road.  You'd make hundreds as a comedian."
He could feel Steve's wings twitching in agitation and the anger that ran underneath.  He knew it wasn't aimed at him, but Tony couldn't help but think it should have been.
"That sounds good," Steve said, squeezing his hand.  "You can give me another dance.  I'll practice for the next time so I won't step on your feet."
The blue dragon reared back, but Tony forced his gun arm down.  He closed his eyes as he tried to calm his racing heart. "Sorry," Tony said, waiting for the pump to regulate his heartbeats once again.  "I...  It's not a good idea to sneak up on me.  I've seen too much fighting recently."
There was an image of the city in Tony's mind's eye that came along with a sense of home that Tony had never felt before, at least not in regards to a place.  The warm hearth that beckoned him despite how Tony knew it would be too hot for him.  A place by Steve.  Home.
"He's still warm," Steve said, focusing on that fact like it was a life line.  "Time has stopped for him.  Ms. Potts said the doctors consulted with Jane and Bruce, but there's no way to know how long it could take before we figure out how to start time up again for Tony.  They'll probably move him back to the Tower this evening, since there's nothing they can do here.  Even an IV doesn't work."
She was going to make sure Kes smiled again, really smiled.  That's what best friends did after all.  "Want to help me with the repairs?" Susan asked, hoping her blush would go away if she changed the topic.  She got enough teasing about Leo from Tony and Cap.
"What does that even mean?" Susan asked, biting her lip.  "If I mess this up, you should take over."
"May you what?" Tony asked, baffled by her seeking permission to name herself.  She quite frankly didn't seem like the type.
Sitting down across from them, Ms. Potts set the mug down and folded her hands in her lap. "Roberta is insisting you come for dinner, by the way."
"Hm," Tony said, and Steve had thought that would be the end of it.  But Tony surprised him again as he nosed closer.  "Then I have a request."
in a way that Steve longed for.  More than the way things used to be, Steve missed that sense of home.
Steve shook his head.  "We should have been more thorough in our search and forced them out sooner, or found Hydra's EMP device quicker.  Then you wouldn't have been..."
There was a strange noise that caught Steve's attention, and he quickly looked down to make sure Tony was alright since he was too muffled in the suit to feel it properly.  What he saw below was an amazing sight.
heads.  He'd been standing on one of them when he landed, which was why the ground was moving.  In the crystal's light, he could see that the one he'd been standing on was chewing on a form that had blue wings and a tail that was hanging out of its mouth.
Steve fell silent after that, and suddenly all of the silence felt louder than JARVIS would allow his music preferences to be set.  "You don't have to stay," Tony said, his voice ringing in his ears like a forbidden tattoo drummed against his head.
"Then let's get this party started," Tony said, sitting down on the love seat he and Steve usually claimed.
"It does not matter if you believe in magic," Wanda said, though there was no anger about her.  "It is around you in great quantities.  I can see the chaos magic shifting and pulling at everything you touch.  You will cause great disruption of the balance."
"I want..." Steve started, then took a deep breath.  "I'd like you to listen to what I have to say.  You don't have to.  You're within your right not to.  But... please.  Just listen?"
"Why not?  If you can sacrifice yourself for the world, why can't I?" Steve asked, starting to wrap the bandage around the worst of the cuts.  He thankfully hadn't hurt himself too badly, though it'd be a little painful to draw for a while.
"Only if you don't break your promise this time," Tony said, not sure if he could handle losing Steve again.  Once had been too much.
"I..."  He hadn't thought about that, but now that he had, the thought was very, very tempting.  But truthfully Steve wasn't really sure why he had come down here.
"But what are we going to do with it?" Steve asked miserably, because he was standing on very thin ice with Stark and he needed Ms. Potts's continued approval.
"I'm not that important!" Tony yelled, swallowing against the bile as Steve sped up.  His eyes stung and he didn't think it was just the wind.
Steve hadn't realized that Fury was one of the children's godparents.  It was surprisingly sweet, and Steve flipped the picture over to see it was dated from last month, with her full name of 'Lila Nicole Barton' inscribed on the back.  "Two weeks good enough for a deadline?" he asked, resolving to work extra hard on the art.
Cap walked over and gave Susan a smile.  Then he ruffled Leo's hair.  "Ready to get back on your feet again, soldier?"
A new sob tore at her chest.  She had to be silent or Leo or Susan would hear, and that was the last thing she wanted.  If they heard, they would ask why she was crying, and she couldn't-
Steve opened his eyes, seeing Ms. Potts with her hands in front of her mouth.  "Are you alright?" she asked, whatever anger she had melting as she rushed forward.
Tony awkwardly brought his hands up, rubbing Steve's back.  This...  It wasn't what he wanted, not really.  But it was nice.  Steve still wanted to be  his friend.  One of his best friends if what Steve said was true, which was a fact that slightly shocked Tony.  Steve had never let Tony do anything for him, so Tony couldn't see how that ranked as best friend material, but he'd take it.
Steve peered at the screen as Thor led him to the couch with an arm around his shoulders, some of the nightmare finally getting soaked up by the Asgardian's easy comfort.  "Ballet?" Steve asked, eyebrow raised.
Stark called the elevator and the door glided open.  "We're done here, Rogers.  See you again never," he said, smiling cruelly as the door slid closed.
sulking, though the nightmares of Bucky had gotten worse.  Natasha rolled her eyes at him when he told her that was the reason he'd been in the gym so much, but he really wasn't sulking, or trying to carve out what little space he could find in this world.  So he was training harder, running further, and generally grumpier.   That didn't mean he was
Tony needed a hangover, not a concussion, to deal with this.  Better yet, a drunken black out.  He snorted, not caring about the jolt of pain that caused his head.  "You want to do this
Tony's fingers stilled, but they didn't leave their perch.  "Never been much of a hero.  You know that, Sheriff."
"Not my secret to tell," Natasha replied.  "Just trust us, Steve.  Give us two weeks once we're back in the country.  Fury knows what to do if there's a real emergency."
The future had really strange sculptures even if the phones were swell.  He stopped the mini sculpture again, trying to see what moved it.
Steve panicked.  Stark he could afford to make a bad impression with.  He had to stay in Ms. Potts's good graces for this to work.  He tried to put the stick back on to no avail.
"Tell him how awesome we are," Tony said, giving Steve a small glare at the light pinch on his arm.  "What?  I can talk about that for hours."
"Artists have to make a living just as much as the next S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, sir," Steve said.  "They deserve to be paid for their work."
Steve pushed down his disappointment.  Except he hadn't hidden it very well, because Iron Man was babbling on.  "You're already protecting them as an Avenger, Steve.  I knew Happy before all of this, so he already knows who I am, or I'd be asking the Avengers for help.  Just with Rhodey specifically targeted, Mr. Stark thought it might be a good precaution."
"And did he come to you or did you go to him?" Rhodey asked shrewdly, though there was a melancholy fondness about his eyes as he looked down at Tony.
He rolled Steve over and climbed on top, pinning Steve under him and ignoring the way his ribs protested the motion.  Not that Steve was the running away sort, but people... people had a tendency to
That didn't make sense.  Rhodey and Pepper didn't even know Steve.  How could they be telling him Steve died before he'd gone down?  He was stunned to silence as Pepper and Rhodey chatted in concern over his head.
"I'm tired as well," Steve said, and if he wasn't going to call Tony on his bluff, then Tony wasn't going to say a word either.  Steve stretched, then walked over to the dais, wing up in an open invitation.
"Thor will be with you after he's taken out the robots that just appeared," Jane said, her voice tight.
"You're ridiculous," she said, not mentioning the only times she'd even had painted nails was when Susan occasionally dragged her out.
Susan's arm automatically snapped up, but Kor'la'vin disappeared again.  "Not fast enough," she growled to Tony.
"Yeah," Steve said as he breathed out.  There was a weapon pressed right next to his cheek, but he knew Iron Man wouldn't hurt him.  He relaxed, opening his eyes to see iron Man kneeling in front of him.  He must be out of it not to have heard him move.
"Rescue and War Machine are here to save your ass," Pepper said, her voice coming through without the synthesizer.  He opened his eyes to see she had taken off her helmet.  She looked haggard, with bags under her eyes and her usually neat bob in complete disarray.  She was standing in a suit of armor that he could have sworn had even more guns than his and Rhodey's combined.  "Rescue?" he asked, thinking he'd never seen her look more beautiful than in that moment.   He wished Steve could see...
If you were wondering what song Tony was humming at the end, I'm torn between Begin the Beguine and Looking at You.  They both work rather well, especially the latter.  I'm pretty sure I've used it in a Steve/Tony fic before though.  Ah, well.  My Cole Porter fangirl is showing.
"Tony, there's no one here but you," Rhodey said gently.  He hardly ever used Tony's given name even when they were alone.  The fact that he used it now gave Tony pause, enough that it took him a moment to parse the words after it.
Whatever Tony had heard in his voice made his shoulders slump.  "Yup," Tony said dully.  "I am Iron Man.  Fancy that.  Just don't come any closer."
Option three was actually what Tony went with, because when didn't Tony find a third option?  He scrolled through the code on a special tablet he'd had Pepper bring him as he sat in a horrible monstrosity the hospital called a chair just outside of Steve's room.  Since he was hacked into the monitors, he managed to disappear the few times Steve had tried to come out.
That didn't stop the worried looks that his team gave him over his head.  Clint and Bruce were the worst about it, but even Thor was touching him more often if just to reassure Tony.  They seemed surprised by his quiet mood, but Tony didn't feel up to acting like things were normal.  How
Tony gestured and the camera panned to a broken window.  Outside was New York, but not New York as Steve remembered it.  It was a wasteland of destroyed and abandoned buildings that were only half recognizable, obscured with a haze that covered the sky so that no light shone through.  Steve's eyes prickled at the sight of his beloved home in ruins, a lost and forgotten city left for the dead and dying.
They landed in time to see what Sharon assured him was a mock fight between Steve and Sam.  It was terrifying watching the dragons go at it.  It wasn't like watching a boxing match where Tony could gauge the power behind every punch.  There were claws involved and both of them were already bleeding.
"Coffee from the machine downstairs.  JARVIS said you liked it better.  And Bruce bought some muffins from down the street.  I thought you might like one."  Steve picked up the tray, keeping one hand on Tony's arm and starting to herd Tony to the kitchen.
"Robots."  Steve only just saw the anger and fear raging across Tony's face as he said it, the elevator door closing him in.
.  Science he could do and understand.  He started working out the science behind it and what he'd read on the serum.  "The Serum had to have-"
Steve had seen Tony's eyes hesitant and angry.  He'd seen them sparkle and warm when Tony was excited.  He felt a little bit in love with that specific brown every time Tony smiled.
Tony tensed in her arms as she tightened them around him, and she closed her eyes when his breath hitched, a small smile on her face.
"Not really," Bruce said, shaking his head.  "And I'd steer clear of Stark for a while.  The fact that there's some Stark Tech in those robots has him in a mood."
She bit off more of the ice cream, her eyes downcast.  Leo acted like he was seeing Susan for the first time.  And Susan...
Susan stared at the faceplate of the Iron Man armor, biting her lip.  This was supposed to be Kes's armor, not hers.  She was supposed to take the War Machine armor, but that one hadn't been finished yet.  She'd been in such a hurry when she left, it was all she could do to take the armor she and Kes had been working on finishing first.  Kes was older, after all.  She could have joined the young team of super heroes with Leo, but the armor hadn't been finished yet.  And now...
The room had long windows that didn't let in much light.  Definitely no sign of life, human or other wise.  No decorations on the walls, or drawn warnings.  It was one of the strangest temples Tony had ever been in, despite the layout being similar to Southeast Asian temples he had visited during his adventures in that part of the world.  Just cold metal.
"No, I'm not-" Tony was about to phase his arm out of existence to get away, but Steve was holding his source code open for Tony to look through.
"Come on, Shellhead.  Tell me your plan to get out of here.  You're always telling me you've got a plan when you go off."
"Damn right, I wasn't."  Rhodey glowered at the other Avengers, silently daring them to do anything about it.
By the end of the week, Steve never left the Avengers headquarters without it unless he was rushing to a mission. He made a mental note to thank Tony the next time he was in the city, because it was much better than a napkin. Maybe not something he'd use all the time, but it was certainly convenient.
"Good girl," Tony said.  The words would have made her bristle, but the pride in Tony's voice stopped her short.  She didn't deserve it, not after...
The look of betrayal in Leon's eyes cut him, but that Tony was used to.  "Sorry, kiddo.  But the memory banks here are so
"In the video, he said-"  Steve sounded pained when he spoke, his voice tugging at Tony's heart.  But it couldn't... he was
"It's for more than just Avengers art. It's a way to connect with other people, and a lot of fans post on both Tumblr and a DeviantArt."
"I'm making my super-villainess outfit for when I turn to crime!" Jan said cheerfully.  "Tony's helping."
He found the picture he was looking for and stared at the blue eyes behind the cowl.  They were smaller and more human-looking, but those were Steve's eyes.  He'd recognize that blue anywhere.
Tony ducked his head as Thor and Jane let him go, and Steve leaned in to kiss away some of the frosting on Tony's goatee, prompting a whistle from Natasha and a groan from Clint.
He cut himself off as he tried to stand, vertigo making him stumble.  Peggy caught him with her tail, setting him down as the dizziness receded.  "The healing takes energy from both parties, Tony.  You need rest, even after light healings."
Steve stayed behind him until he calmed down more, then called for a nurse.  The lights hurt his eyes for longer than he should have thought possible, but Tony was glad for them and the flurry of activity the nurses brought with them.  It was easy to remember he wasn't alone with them there.  Easier to forget the fact that Steve hadn't left.
There was no music now.  And though the lights were still on, no dragons save for the few under Steve's command were left in the city.  Even during the blitz, London never felt this empty.  It unnerved him.
Sam whacked Steve lightly on the shoulder with his tail.  "If you two are going to tease me, I'll take back the lunch I packed."
Tony brought up the flashlight to check over the suit with a critical eye.  "Not bad for the beating she took," he said, checking for any major fractures.  He pulled out the rest of the survival kit, strapping on the guns and spare clips.  Jarvis was certainly prepared for going down in enemy territory.  "Looks like the suit is better built than me to withstand that.  Hm... More buffering in the next version.   Damn, that'll throw off the weight for the rockets and still doesn't solve the air pressure problem..."
"And that would be best for all involved, since confirming what I already know would just make the situation worse," Fury said, nodding.
People talked about 'after the War ended' all the time.  Tony had never seen the point of the sentiment, because the War shortened enough lives that the only thing to do was to push forward and live in the real present no matter how dark that present was.  There were times he didn't know if he wanted to survive or even if he should.  Now though...  Now, he had his friends and the dragons that he could get to know again.  And he had Steve.
"I missed you too," Susan said, hugging Kes tighter.  Kes felt so frail in her arms, and Susan knew the Skrulls hadn't been feeding the twins enough, but she hated feeling like Kes could break apart at any moment.  Kes was the one who was always strong.
The trip back was long, but uneventful.  Tony was taking no chances with any of the ducklings, so he gave Susan a very roundabout course and kept an eye on all signals he had access to.  He also triple and quadruple checked the twins using the suit's sensors, making sure they weren't Skrulls and had no tracking devices.
He lifted off, following the stairs.  They were suspended from the wall, which made Tony hesitant to trust the armor's weight on them, even if he did want to conserve some of the (non)magical fuel.  There were dark vines and what looked like tree branches along them that Tony didn't trust either.  They looked ominous, and plants that grew without any kind of light seemed like a bad sign.
Tony went still, then swallowed.  "Put her through," he said, pulling out his phone and plugging the headphone into his ear.  Steve watched his knuckles turn white around the frame, and he stood to move to Tony's side of the table, keeping a hand on his shoulder to ground him.
"Don't worry about it, Cap," Happy said, motioning for the other security guard to follow her as he walked back to Steve.  The people around them who had been staring went back to their drinks.  "She's been banned from all SI and Maria Stark Foundation events, but she manages to find and bribe a rookie every so often.  We keep an eye out for her harassing people.  Even the boss has had trouble getting her to lay off.  You can press charges if you want, and SI will foot the bill.  I know Natasha likes to, and that should have all been on camera."
"Alright," Steve grumbled, watching Tony as he tried to make himself comfortable against Steve's flank.
Tony in the hologram stepped closer to the machine.  "Well, we all know how this goes.  The world needs Captain America more than it needs Tony Stark.  There's no Iron Man in this time line.  Nothing but my failures to mark my death, so it's not much of a loss to get Steve back.  The only reason I remember him at all is because we are always at ground zero when he goes in.  But there's no one else left."
slept in worse places - but the importance of talking to Tony was what jarred him from his sleep in the first place.
In the end, Steve fell back asleep, curling tightly around Tony instinctively to keep the comfort for just a while longer.
He hadn't planned on following through, but Sam's crossed arms and unimpressed look got his hackles up.
He started to reach for the catches when Peggy caught his hand between her claws.  "Show me how.  I'll be careful."
"You're sulking in Stark's lab," Natasha said, her eyes narrowed.  Worry crept into her voice.  "Is everyone-"
JARVIS was silent for a few moments, presumably telling Tony.  Then he replied, "Mr. Stark is waiting for you in the penthouse."
Tony woke up feeling safe and warm, and he blinked open his eyes, only just stopping himself from stretching when he realized
"Bravo!" Tony said as he came down the stairs into the training room.  "That was what, six minutes you've lasted against Cap?  You're getting better.  Faster than I did too."
"That was too easy," she said finally as she landed, watching the train warily.  The bruises she felt screamed otherwise, but she knew if Kes and Leo were on that train, there had to be something more.
Mentally he prepared what he wanted to say as he waited in the elevator.  He needed a few reference shots of Dummy for a drawing.  Politely inquire what Tony was working on.  And if it seemed suspicious or if it had to do with these particles and the robots, he would ignore the queasy feeling in his gut and take a few pictures that maybe Jane or Bruce could make sense of.  This would work.
"Shut up.  Crushes are for kids," Tony grumbled, but he was a little relieved that Rhodey approved.  It was hard
"So," Captain America - not Cap, because that was too personal right now - said, not stopping the massage.  In fact, he looked amused by Leon's flush, which only made the embarrassment worse.  "Being attracted to men is nothing to be ashamed of."
"He needs to hear it," Cap said, his eyes cold.  "And you should be glad it's me saying this instead of Tony, considering Colonel Rhodes was his best friend."
Tony looked down at the cake for a long moment, then the face plate shot up, but he ate the cake rather than look up at everyone's surprised reactions.
Steve tensed at the voice, making sure he was well hidden behind the boxes.  "If you're here, sir," the voice called again, "Mr. Stark requests you come out and not try to sneak on the base."
"Thank you again, Mr. Stark," Viper said, her voice only just carrying over the pounding of his own heart.  "Hail Hydra."
"Uh-huh.  Keep telling yourself that, Rogers," Fury said, standing and shoving his hands in his pockets before ambling off.  "Two weeks."
"I'm not angry," Steve said, and there was nothing in his body language to contradict his statement.  Which just left Tony even more in the dark.
"A few times," Iron Man replied, sounding amused.  "It wasn't your fault, remember?  Glow stick of destiny was messing with everyone's heads."
"Punk," Steve said, slipping his hand around Tony's back and pulling him along.  "I don't know why I put up with you."
Tony tensed, but he didn't seem all that upset or surprised.  "Thanks for the help.  I assume I also have you to thank for
Tony stiffened, because of course that's how Hydra was getting the information they needed.  Which meant Steve-
Which is why he didn't notice Natasha until she sat down next to him, despite the fact he was getting better at sensing her presence. He really was.  No, that wasn't just an excuse.  Damn it.
She didn't laugh at him, but he could tell it was a near thing even in this horrible light.  "Just make sure it doesn't happen again," she said.  If she weren't the upstanding and highly professional woman he knew her to be, Steve would have sworn she said that a little louder than normal in revenge.
"Yeah," Tony said, seeing only a long road in front of them.  He'd fought with the Japanese before.  Even if they won the war in Europe, the Pacific theater would be a hard won battle, if it could be won at all.
"They were meddling with things mortals should not touch," Thor growled.  Thor moved Tony's bangs aside, then wiped his temples with a cold cloth.  That felt good.
The photo he got of Lila holding the two drawings a month later was definitely worth Clint grousing about how the kids would never give him peace after that.
Tony did as she asked.  As her claw traced the rock, Tony had a sudden vivid image of the same mural he'd seen when he'd first fallen down the crevasse.  The sky above was clear and blue, the sun beating down on the valley as the dragons fought to protect themselves from the humans.  The metal weapons were sharp and deadly and the humans weren't afraid of fire.  It burned them, but they kept coming.
Five days later Steve still hasn't said anything. He'd do it eventually, but right now he was just going to sit at the table in the kitchen and draw.  And no, he wasn't sulking because Tony had been down in his workshop all day yesterday instead of resurfacing for at least one meal.  He really wasn't.  Even if he had made a special dinner of Tony's favorite lasagna with a recipe he had to bribe JARVIS to hack from Tony's favorite restaurant - and he'd made sure to chop the onions and parsley in smaller pieces this time.
Steve looked down, taking his own advice and breathing.  "He wasn't breathing.  His arc reactor... the light was the same as the portal that opened, pitch black.  But they haven't told me anything since we got here."
"No taking bets on me and Tony killing each other," Steve said as he walked out, not sticking around to see if the order was followed.  Honestly, it was like his team didn't believe he could do this.  Not that his track record was particularly good, but a bit of morale could go a long way.
"You..."  Tony raised his eyebrow, realizing what Steve meant.  He wasn't big enough to wrap around Tony anymore.  He laughed softly at the frown on Steve's face as the other man continued to grumble.  He leaned in, touching their foreheads together as Steve's breath caught.  He
"This is-" Scarlet, magenta, fuchsia.  Both the sunrise and sunset.  Chaos of an oncoming storm, but the calm and quiet of the silent woods.  Dark and mysterious, deep magic. "-one of our strongest magicians.  You may call her Wanda," Peggy said.  "Wanda, this is the human who was at the south wall, Tony Stark."
Steve stared at the drawing he had started on the flight back, not really seeing it.  The flight itself had been both much more comfortable and tenser than the one to Afghanistan.  He wasn't squished against boxes, but Tony alternated between combative and moodily quiet the whole way.  It grated on Steve's nerves until Steve snapped at him, telling him to stop.  Tony apologized and did, but then it was almost worse.  Without Steve to bother, he either paced or looked two seconds away from crying, typing away at his tablet and laptop he still hid from Steve.
The baffled look entered Tony's eyes again, but it was hidden quickly.  He opened his mouth to speak, then hesitated and shook his head, starting again.  "You sure you want to do this?"
Tony let go of the spike in front of him with one hand to run along Steve's neck and soothe the discomfort he felt from the dragon.  "Dragons really don't like the cold, do they?" he asked, carefully not thinking of how cold it had been in Steve's nightmare.
"They sound nice," Steve said, lowering his head to the ground again, a slightly wistful tone to his voice.
Four hours and Tony passed out, from weakness or exhaustion, it didn't matter.  He was beyond that, and it was a relief to go.
"We're entering the city, if you'd like to look.  We're landing soon," Peggy said, and he grabbed hold of her spike.  As much as he didn't want the flight to end, the city was fascinating.  Dragons flew across the city sky, darting between buildings or flying lazily in circles.  There were rounded towers that held stones aloft at their peaks that made Tony burn with curiosity.  He wanted dearly to study the gravitational device used.  There were other buildings too, with long chimneys and wide balconies, decorated with myriads of colors and ornamental patterns that reminded Tony of the east.  Did dragons use similar ways to make pigments or did they have other ways to make the vivid colors?  They had to, for them to still be so bold when he wasn't given the impression that they were newly painted.  Or maybe it was the fact it was underground, lacking in the elements that darken and erode human colors.
"The next mural will start when our clan finds their new home," Wanda said.  "And they will live on, thanks to your warning.  Though things will still end here, there is a new beginning for the others."
By this point, Tony was drifting again, though he didn't quite drift off.  He wasn't really warm yet, but the red cloth - Thor's cape? - was keeping the cold at bay.  His stomach lurched uncomfortably as Thor took off, but he could hear Rhodey's repulsors behind them.  Was it okay to sleep now?
"They're interesting," Bruce said, sipping his tea thoughtfully and giving Steve a welcome diversion.  "Tachyon particles aren't in my area of expertise, but tell Mr. Stark I'll have a report sent to him in the afternoon.  His hypothesis might not be far off."
Bruce chuckled quietly.  "That wasn't what I said, but you and Iron Man both have a way with twisting my words."
"Not really," Tony replied.  "It only leaves an empty place inside you.  But at least the burning is gone."
Tony hid his disappointment behind a carefree smile, though he didn't think either of them were fooled when he buttoned his shirt back up.  With the War going on, he had never expected to live past it, not really.  But his heart...  All those adventures looking for a cure.  He almost wanted to laugh that even here with magic and talking dragons, his heart still couldn't be healed.  "Well, then, I should-"
"Ma'am?" Tony asked, limping closer with the help of the make-shift cane.  "Even I usually wine and dine a girl before riding-"
Tony pulled away only enough to see Steve's eyes open, then he flung his arms around Steve's neck and held him tightly.  "Don't scare me like that," Tony said, barely able to form the words.
Rhodey tried to push himself up and Steve helped him back to the chair.  He seemed more composed now, though the look he gave Tony's still form spoke of fresh grief.  "And what's that deal?" Steve asked, hesitating between retrieving the cane or staying between Doom and his friends.
Tony bent over laughing, the suit barely holding him up.  He couldn't stop even if he tried, and if he were being honest, it was something he probably needed after he'd been abandoned in the dragon crystal cave.  It felt good to laugh.
"Come," Wanda said.  "Let us return for the night.  What will happen will happen, but you would better serve the vision well rested."
"I'd offer to set you up, but he wouldn't trust it from me," Natasha said, as if sensing his thoughts.  "Rhodey might be able to pull something off though.  He and Tony have been each other's wingmen in the past."
That explained the lack of actual thought coming from the dragon.  "Steve," he said, his voice hoarse.  "Hey there, you big lug.  Hey.  I'm okay.  You can stand down, big guy."
"You're insane," Tony said, hardly believing it even as Steve kept up a stubborn stream of affection and love.  "And you're going to get a headache if you keep that up.  You're not a dragon anymore, remember?"
"I do not need to," the man said.  He fired another blast, which Steve rolled to avoid, tossing his shield at the man in an attempt to catch him off guard.
Tony froze.  He was barely breathing, and Steve wondered if he had gone too far.  "You saw it then," Tony said, absolute grief and loss packed into those four words.  "You
Steve picked at his collar only to have his hand slapped away by Natasha.  "You look good, Steve.  Stop fussing."
," Steve said.  He felt shaken, and Tony could tell he was still hurt.  Tony glanced up, wondering how many layers of rock and metal were between them.  Too many.
Steve Rogers resolutely did not think about his task.  He tied the rope around Turk's wrists.  Blood dripped down the corpse's neck, and Steve didn't think about it, nor did he think about the way Turk had looked before Steve shot him.  He threw the end of the rope up to the second floor balcony, forcing his legs to remain steady as he walked up the stairs to finish the job.
He felt T'Challa's hand on his shoulder squeezing it reassuringly.  "Let them have their fun, Captain," he said, humor lacing his words.  "Carol suggested this as a way to raise Jan's spirits and I will make sure no harm comes of it."
Tony was not an overly vain man.  When Gialetta was around, he made an effort to look properly dashing, but Rhodey and Pepper had seen him with a bush instead of a beard a few times when they'd been on the run.
Tony could sense the bafflement coming from him, but he focused on his own hurt and anger.  "You never felt this way as a dragon," Tony said.  "You were even worse at hiding things from me, so I would have felt it.  I looked, Steve!  You didn't!  So tell me what this is."
"I suppose privacy would take on different meanings for a telepathic society," Tony said, more to himself than to Steve.  "Because there are people who would hurt us if we didn't keep them."
, Susan," Kor'la'vin said in the same voice.  "All you do is sit and cry.  Your Daddy and me, we tried to raise you, but this is all you can do?  Your family is dead because of you."
"JARVIS, camera off," Tony said, and Steve could see the blush creeping up his throat.  They had spoken about boundaries, but the status of their relationship had never officially come up, so Steve let Tony pull away even if that still hurt.  He was fine with that, really.  Tony let him be affectionate and tactile, even if Tony often didn't know how to respond.  That was more than Steve could have hoped for.
"It will," Iron Man interrupted, quickly rising to his feet.  "It always does.  I...  I should go.  Sorry.  Have fun in the gym."
The name stung more than Steve expected it to, but he held his temper tightly, refusing to give into that again.  He couldn't afford to lose it a second time.  "It's still you," he said.  "You did all of that, Shellhead.  That wasn't-"
"Bullshit," Steve snapped.  He was not going to be in the dark on this any longer.  "JARVIS, Iron Man is going into a fight and he wasn't in any condition to be doing so.  I need to know where he's gone."
Tony stared at the dragon crystals that were just starting to glow in the distance, reminding Tony of the lights in New York.  "Where do you get those crystals?" he asked, thinking to the small crystal in his pocket that he'd taken from the cavern ceiling.  It glowed a little as long as he left it out in the moss light, but no where near as big or as bright as some of the ones he'd seen in the dragon dwellings.
Tony nodded, not trusting his voice and knowing how painful it would be to speak anyway.  He twitched, making a mental note not to tear out the IV on his hand, but took off the oxygen mask over his face, which must have just been a precaution because Steve didn't tell him to put it back on.  But he had to stay still.  He couldn't move or the rocks...  No, no more building on top of him.  He was fine.
He thought about calling Ms. Potts, but he wasn't sure he could talk to her yet without thinking of the sculpture.  He went to his floor instead for privacy, then called Natasha on video.  "I need help," he said, in lieu of hello.
Thankfully the dream hadn't gone on as long as it had in the past.  He'd woken up before the worst of it happened, and he shuddered.  Something outside must have woken him, and he was grateful.
He obviously wasn't getting a body warmer tonight, regardless.  Tony turned to the door to make his way down, but he was surprised to find Steve in the doorway.
' he heard Natasha say in his memories.  But Stark didn't have the sort of animosity he'd been expecting before the meeting, and he'd been laughing not seconds before it happened.
Tony laughed, arms tightening around Steve as the hand on his ass started to knead lightly.  "It's always the right time and place for Die Hard, Steve.  Always."
"You left me before!" Tony shouted, pulling away more forcefully.  Steve let him go.  "You left when I woke up, then again when Wanda brought me back.  And now you're asking me to stay?"
They had moved from the kitchen to the couch after an hour of talking, and Steve could remember clearly falling a little bit more in love with Tony every time he smiled.  He definitely remembered starting some movie that Tony insisted he needed to watch to catch up to the current century.  He could vaguely remember Tony's head hitting his shoulder, and the melancholy of thinking of Iron Man doing the same.  He had an impression of Tony's head somehow finding its way to his lap, though he couldn't have said how it happened.  He had no idea how Tony managed to be lying on top of him using Steve like one of those full-body pillows Natasha liked.  He did know that it wasn't helping his morning wood, feeling Tony's light snores against his skin.  He ignored it though, and the way his body protested staying in that position for too long.
She couldn't help a small laugh at that.  Tony was absolutely ridiculous.  She didn't know if she was relieved or annoyed to be his kind of crazy, but at least she was doing something right with the armor.
But then Steve's hands were gone.  Tony did not let out a whimper at the loss, he really didn't.  He would deny that until his dying day.  He jumped as he felt Steve against his back, his chin resting on Tony's shoulder.  "Steve?" he asked uncertainly.
"Gossip rag?" Clint asked, plucking the phone out of Steve's fingers.  "Oh, blind items.  I know someone who loves these."
Steve clamped down on a throw pillow, forcing his fingers to relax before he tore the fabric.  The words burned through him and half of him wanted to argue back.  But he was supposed to be listening in, not giving himself away.
His heart rate spiked as he looked around for the threat and saw nothing.  Tony's voice came from the kitchen, too low for Steve to hear over the pounding in his ears.  He wasted no time, jumping over the couch and racing there.  "What's wrong?  Are you-"
"I'll see you in two weeks then," Fury said with a nod, glancing over Steve's shoulder at what he'd been working on.  "Stark?  Really?"
"Tony, please."  It was his name. It wasn't just the spoken sounds, but his dragon name underneath, calling to every part of the soul that Tony didn't believe in.  He was fixed in place as Steve weakly leaned up so that his cheek rested against Tony's as if it were too much to move more than that.  Tony's hands automatically came up to support Steve's head, and he felt Steve sigh and relax.  Steve's mind brushed against his, open love and affection.  Absolution that Tony didn't deserve.
He watched the foliage carefully for any rustling.  Unfortunately, the strike came without warning from the water.  Viper screamed as Tony shot, the gun being knocked from his hand by a half-snake, half-man.  He was pushed to the ground, hands wrapped around his neck.
"I'd rather not," Steve said.  He understood the need for space, but the thought of leaving Tony down here like this chilled him.  "Can I touch you?"
They went down deep, spiraling so he couldn't see around the corner.  It unnerved him, since anyone could hear him coming from miles away, but he'd never be able to see it.  Still, he kept a look out, taking the stairs one at a time.
"Power 95% and holding.  Your additions to the shields were awesome," Tony said gleefully.  "They can't even - whoa!"
"Not at all, Cap," FRIDAY replied, and Steve smiled at the nickname. It was nice getting to know FRIDAY, at least.
Tony resisted the urge to make a joke on that, but only because he couldn't afford to sound like he was coming on to Steve.  "You just died and-"
The silence came back with a vengeance, and Tony tried to focus on the soft sounds of people walking past or the light hum of the air conditioner.  He wasn't trapped.  He didn't need to talk just to remind himself that he wasn't alone.
Tony waited tensely while Steve lifted a claw, swallowing as it traced under his jaw with a surprising amount of gentleness.  The helmet popped off with a bit more pressure, letting Tony glare right back up at Steve.  "Can you let me up now?" Tony asked pointedly.
Tony curled around his coffee, ignoring the slight twinge of pain that brought.  Rhodey just laughed, sliding into the seat next to Steve's.  "Then Rogers can get the coffee next time.  It's freezing out there."
"Meet me in the kitchens after you've cleaned up," Rhodey replied, giving him a short wave as he left.
Tony choked on the words.  He closed his eyes, willing the tears to go away because he was nothing but a computer code and computer codes didn't cry.  "I've never been perfect.  But that's who I am.  If you're going to be perfect, I can't compete with that.  I never could, so just keep the ring.  I never deserved the man who gave it to me back when he still made mistakes."
"Thanks, guys," Steve said, looking down with a small, half-smile pushing at his lips.  "But I really don't need-"
Steve was past noticing that, however, licking his lips at the thought of taking Tony out of the armor.  To say that was a long time fantasy of his was definitely an understatement.
At least Bruce had a handle on it.  And if it made him happy, Steve supposed he couldn't protest.  He did trust both Bruce and the Hulk, but he was also worrying in a way that Steve was not going to think about while carrying a torch for someone else.
"Don't think...  oooh.  Don't think a blow job would..."  Tony let out a small whimper as Steve hit the right spot.  He was nothing but a computer code right now with a physical form.  How was he this tense?
Bringing up his own drawing, he compared it to the others. He felt outclassed by a lot of what he'd seen on both sites. He followed a few of the art blogs he liked though, because no one would connect Captain America to midnightracer18. He doubted anyone would remember that radio show, but it would fit in even if people did. 'Fandom' seemed big enough on the two sites that no one would blink, even if it was really old.
"How dull," Sharon said, eyes twinkling teasingly.  She rubbed her cheek against Peggy's, closing her eyes in contentment.
"I reckon that notion of yours is as good as a death wish," Tony continued.  "But if anyone can do it, it'd be you."
"Stop... helping, Winghead," Iron Man said, firing a repulsor at Kang which bounced off harmlessly.  He was still dangling from Kang's hand, his voice panicked in a way that Steve had never heard.
Steve hunched his shoulders before he remembered about his ribs, which was unfortunate.  "You drive a hard bargain, Doc," he said, remembering how Thor took great pleasure in using a bridal carry the last time Steve had been hurt.  He'd never quite forgiven Iron Man for suggesting the hold.  Or Natasha and Clint for taking pictures and putting them on the refrigerator.
Steve shrugged, still holding out his arm.  "It'd last a week before we were found out anyway.  I don't care what they say, Tony.  I want you, not them."
Tony tensed as he saw Steve curled against the window, head bowed in sleep.  He was out of uniform, but Steve wouldn't...  Steve usually went home if either Pepper or Rhodey were here, preferring not to intrude.  Was this still the dream?  He hadn't spoken to any of the others again after Natasha shooed everyone but Rhodey out.  He didn't know if the illusion was stabilizing or if he was waking.
! It is absolutely lovely and adorable! Please enjoy, because I know a few people asked for a drawing of Tony and the butterfly. Thank you so much for taking my commission!
Tony flushed with shame.  Steve had been listening to all of that and knew his faults.  Steve had bonded with the human who would destroy his home.  Tony would fail again and-
Steve hummed in response, moving behind Tony to get to the kitchen proper.  Tony lost a few minutes as the frustration grew almost to the point of throwing the tablet against the wall.  This should be
A smile snuck across his face.  "I trust you, but not that much yet.  I have my ways even if you don't want to talk.  You just happen to be the way Stark would find least offensive at the moment and that could benefit everyone involved."
Tony closed his eyes, picking through the possibilities.  They had already crashed and burned once.  The probability of it happening again was high.  It wasn't that they didn't get along, because they did fantastically.  Waking up in Steve's bed and being able to run his scarred fingers through those golden strands was the happiest Tony had been since the last time he was allowed to kiss his way down Pepper's neck.  He could have that again, even if just for a little while.  Did he want it?
Steve couldn't help the small smile that tugged at his lips.  One crisis averted for now.  While he definitely understood Tony's feelings, they couldn't afford to risk the kids by going off half-cocked.
He shook his head.  This conversation was getting too depressing.  "You said you draw?"  Tony tried to picture how that worked with claws.
Natasha hummed.  "That's part of the reason I called.  We're going off the radar for a bit.  We're both tired from our escape attempts and there's somewhere Clint wants to go so we can both relax without worrying about who's watching us."
A small butterfly came into view, orange and black.  Monarch, Steve's mind supplied, recognizing the type immediately from his childhood.  They used to be everywhere this time of year, but Steve hadn't seen many in this time.  He blinked.  Tony was talking to a butterfly?
"What is it?" Natasha asked, glancing over his shoulder before Steve could hide his phone. "You're on Tumblr? '
Tony waved it off.  "There was a firefight in-" Tony looked at the sky to get his bearings by the position of the sun, but he was startled to realize there was no sun.  There was no
It hit Steve what Tony had been talking about, his eyes going wide as he looked at Tony's face.  It was always so animated.  He'd been so upset during their talk in the workshop, saying it was something too important for him to lose.  He'd been willing to
It did mean that he got back from his longer than normal run just as the others were finishing breakfast.  Usually he got back in time to shower and join everyone, but he wasn't self-conscious as he walked in to see the other Avengers finishing off some waffles.  Iron Man was there, sipping milk through a straw.  It was kind of adorable and-
"It was cute," Steve said, feeling a fond smile on his face.  "And I'd like to be the one to make you smile like that again, if you'll let me."
"I mean, that came out wrong."  Iron Man's gauntlet rubbed at the face plate just where his temple would be.  "Why were you trying to meet with him before Rho - before?"
Iron Mouse was drawn in a normal suit, curled up against Captain Americat's belly.  The picture gained more notes than Steve thought it would, in addition to several comments about the smug, possessive smirk the cat wore.
When he wasn't going to throw up at a sudden movement any longer, Steve got out of bed and threw on a shirt and sweatpants, heading to the door.  After a dream like that the last place he wanted to be was in the gym going a round with a punching bag.  Even the thought of it made him sick again.  He could go for a run though.  It was 2 am, but it wasn't like he would be put off by the fear of muggers.  Hopefully by the time he did run into trouble if he found any, his mind would be calmer.  Hopefully by then he wouldn't miss the phantom arm around his shoulder or the soft promises that Steve was still the little punk from Brooklyn who stood up to bullies.
"What's more important than fighting with the others?" Steve demanded, anger in his wings as he spread them intimidatingly.  "No one is dying here.  We can fight this!"
Leon felt the blood drain from his face, and he knew Susan and Kes were the same.  The news caster didn't even flinch as they reported the new president, green ears and all, taking office.
.  That was something he was going to study more often and thoroughly.  He could see why Natasha said to be careful of it.
Somewhere along the line alcohol had become involved, even though Steve was pretty sure it was too early to be considered proper.  Even Bruce had a little bit, saying he was a pretty mellow drunk.  Steve watched Tony and Bruce's animated discussion and cuddling on the couch, reminding himself that his colors were red, white, and blue, not green.  Except he wouldn't have minded being green when it obviously got Tony's attention and compliments.
Steve closed his eyes, breathing out in relief.  He buried his head against Tony's chest, wrapping his arms around him tightly.  It was a little uncomfortable with the pressure on the heart pump, but Tony didn't dare move and break the moment.  "You remember," Steve said, holding him tigher.
Tony hunched over at the way Steve said his name, but he couldn't face what Steve had done to himself.  He'd been stupid, always stupid, and now he'd turned his world into a perfect program.  Steve was right.  Tony had pushed him away and now he'd lost...
"He... That's really not why I'm asking about Mr. Stark," Steve said with a sigh.  "Shellhead made his choice and I respect that.  Or I try to, most of the time."
"Iron Man isn't the one who profited off of weapon sales his whole life," Tony explained.  "Iron Man isn't some billionaire brat who has every mistake he's ever made plastered in the tabloids ranging from his drug habits to who he slept with instead of making more money for his company.  He's not real, Rogers."
It nearly blinded him trying to sit up against the pit's wall and he nearly wasted the effort by curling back up on the ground.  His whole body was screaming at him and the sweat was cooling too quickly, leaving him even colder than before.  Involuntary tears of pain clouded his vision so much that he nearly gave up on trying to look up.
Peggy's tongue flicked out, hissing softly.  "I'm not sure.  It doesn't appear to be good, whatever it is.  Wanda has always been a bit... eccentric, but her warnings are wise.  This worries me."
Steve swallowed, his smile dimming.  If Iron Man had turned him down, he didn't have a chance in the world with Tony Stark.  Tony was so far out of his league that Steve didn't think he could even hold the bat.  Still, it was a bit like a harmless little crush on a celebrity, not as grounded and all-encompassing as his feelings for Iron Man.  It couldn't hurt anyone, right?
Tony remembered the IV just before he tried waving Steve off.  He settled for glaring at the IV instead.  "No harm, no foul, Cap.  You did what you had to."
Tony coughed again, and Steve caught a few specks of red in his hand before it was hidden from view.  "The serum should counteract the Tachyon particles from decaying Steve's body at an accelerated rate.  We're not sure how, but it works.  If he is erased while alive, there's a chance to save him.  That's more than I have, because I fucked up worse."
The bullet was close.  So close that Tony had to bite back his own fear.  But it missed Steve's heart.  It would take forever to heal, but there was a chance it would.  He pulled off his shirt, tearing it apart as he pressed it into the wound.  Red dripped down the blue of Steve's scales, and Tony bit his lip.  The bullet was still in there poisoning Steve further, but he could deal with that later when Sam was here to help.
Steve got to the edge just in time to see the silver dragon fall, the terrible fear cutting off with a suddenness that made Tony gasp and shiver uncontrollably.  All emotion from the silver dragon was gone, leaving a deep hole that was even more bottomless than the abyss.
Tony nodded, drinking his juice silently.  Rhodey would yell at him, but Tony would also get Rhodey hugs, and those were the best.  Pepper had already been by for a few hours, even if she couldn't stay for long with the press conferences she had to do to tell the world Tony Stark had been found again.  The smell of her perfume was gone, sadly, and Tony still had to wait for his next source of comfort.
"Picture I didn't realize had been made public domain.  Actually, I don't even remember that picture."
"I thought that was a greeting used for courting," Steve said, a half smile quirking at his lips that Tony fell a little in love with.  He was going to have to start categorizing Steve's smiles, and he wondered how they'd compare with his dragon expressions.
Steve reacted, moving despite the ache of his body.  He lurched forward, hitting Kang in the spine.  Kang dropped Tony, pivoting to face Steve with murder in his eyes.  But his suit was damaged, even Steve could see that, and without his high tech gadgets, Steve had the upper hand.  He avoided a punch by dancing back, then landing on his hands to kick with his legs and push his momentum into a handstand.  He landed on his feet, closer to the portal.  He felt it more than saw it, sickness taking hold of him even as he fought to stay upright.
Steve punched the glass.  Pain spread through his knuckles at the strength of it and the glass cracked, but didn't break.  He followed up with his other hand, hitting the same spot twice in rapid succession.  He ignored how his hands screamed at him, figuring it would take a few more hits.  Bits of the glass were chipping and breaking off, but it wasn't a full hole yet.  It was getting thinner with each chip that came off though.
Steve helped her prepare some sandwiches as Thor headed for the fridge to start a salad.  Meals, Steve found, tended to require more than one cook when over three of the Avengers were involved.
"I'm not hallucinating, damn it," Tony said, a wave of dizziness passing through him.  He felt Jarvis pushing him back down in bed as his vision greyed and tunneled.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment then stood.  The others would watch over the city.  He and Steve would be on their own to search the temple.  "Alright," Tony said.  "Let's go get my armor."
"Don't think I'll go easy on you if he comes in," Cap teased, and she wondered if she was ever going to be able to stop blushing.  She called the armor, since that would at least hide her reddened cheeks.
"You got mild frostbite, so don't scratch them," Pepper informed him briskly.  "And you had a concussion, but that's mostly faded and you've been out for a while.  Don't think I haven't noticed you haven't been sleeping much lately.  You can thank Steve for getting off so easy later, because you should have been a lot worse off given how long it took to find you."
"You can flirt later, Cloud," the older woman said.  "Right now, we want to welcome you kids to the resistance."
Steve went over to Tony, feeling like he was intruding on their reunion.  Still, it was hard to tear his eyes away from the girls, especially when they had worked so hard for this moment.  "How is he?" he asked Tony quietly.
"Steve, you've got to let us help him."  Someone... Peggy?  It sounded like Peggy.  Tony opened his eyes and a familiar blue wing greeted him.  In fact, he could feel Steve beneath him, not just physically, but mentally with a strength that Tony had never known before.  It was a jumble of intense fear and anger, along with a fierce need to protect and no real words.  Now that he was concentrating, he could hear a low growling and hissing noise.
He tried not to fidget in his comfortable chair as he glanced down at his watch.  He was early, but he didn't know when to expect Stark.  Natasha told him he could reliably get to important meetings on time if someone was reminding him, but he might not be as keen to meet with Steve.
"Yeah," Steve said, watching the ground for loose rubble as the heaviness settled over him again.  Of course Iron Man would look out for Bruce.  But would he really, if he's forsaken Clint and Natasha?
Tony forced his eyes open.  He knew instinctively that Steve wasn't going to make it to him in time.  Three heads were attacking Steve now and there was no way he could get to Tony before the claw came back down again, this time to crush him for good.  He tried to use the thrusters to push away, but they sputtered and died.
"Yes!  It's pretty," Sharon said, and Tony got the impression of bright happiness.  He wondered what it would have been like to have a sibling he adored that much.  Would things have been less lonely after Dad...?
They both started, looking up to see Rhodey with a tray and three cups of coffee.  Steve blushed, though if it was from shame at potentially over stressing a recovering Tony or embarrassment from being caught, Tony couldn't say.  He was looking forward to studying the difference in the future.
"Yes," Steve said.  "You... you lied to me.  I can understand why, because it's...  I see more now about humans, now that we're bonded.  But it still hurts."
When Thor put it that way, the dancing did seem more interesting.  His eyes followed the line of the woman's arms and Steve had to admit the aesthetic was good.  Dancers did make for good models.  "Actually, I could use some advice," Steve said as he watched the woman turn gracefully on her toes.
"Guess I have to stick to the old fashioned way."  Tony rubbed his arm for warmth then took the small pick from his pack.  It would be easy enough to get a decent-sized crystal out even with just the pick.  He should only need thirty minutes all together.  He figured the looks of the crystal weren't as important as the size and as long as it was functional, Viper should be safe.
"And you should try to heal yourself," Tony replied, but he pulled back.  He missed the view of the forest already.  Tony felt a slight headache and momentary dizziness, but it had been worth it.
Neither of them had really slept the whole flight, which just left Steve crankier.  They hadn't parted on the best terms either, with Tony rushing off and leaving Steve the second they got back to the Tower.
Natasha shot a glare at the illusion, which Tony was definitely not looking at.  "He did die for a while on the operating table, and when this is over, I'm sure there will be a long conversation about privacy issues and things you shouldn't hack into, especially while on an active battle ground," Natasha said, but she didn't sound angry.  "But the serum managed to get a strong enough hold eventually.  It was probably pretty soon after you were taken out."
The balcony on the third floor had a spectacular view.  There was still smog from the city, but it was a pretty clear day today.  He opened his mouth to suggest it when Steve grabbed his hand.  It sent a warm spike through him and he stared down at where they were joined.  Steve was here.  "We can see them now," Steve said, drawing Tony's eyes to a boyish smile that lit up his whole face.
"But you did," Tony said.  "And you're still here because of your quick thinking, rather than in her place.  You did a good job."
"I didn't..."  There was a hint of pink about Tony's cheeks that caught Steve's interest.  Tony Stark was a very attractive man, make no mistake about that.  Though the blush caught Steve off guard in a way he hadn't expected.  But the last thing he needed was what Clint called a 'rebound', so he put it from his mind.
"Clint," Steve said with a groan.  She raised an eyebrow, and he sighed.  "Asgardian mead works through my system slower than my metabolism should allow."
"That we've been captured with no contact for a while and that we'd like to stay that way a bit longer."  Natasha was hiding all of her tells, which was a tell in and of itself.
"Life energy transference of some sort to accelerate healing time," he said, thinking back to the Chinese concept of Chi.  Were they related?  He needed to study the phenomenon more, because the potential was endless and-
Iron Man turned to the nurse with a surprising amount of tact.  "If you'll excuse me, this will only take a moment.  Would you mind waiting?"
"Thank you," Bruce said quietly.  There was guilt in his voice that Steve could empathize with.  "And Steve?  I don't think Iron Man would do that without a very good reason."
"Then stay in the air, but slow a bit," Steve said, slipping into his Reassuring Captain Tone.  "And keep talking to him.  If he has a bad reaction, you can land, but he might settle if he can hear your voice."
Steve didn't know what hurt more, Tony's lack of faith or the fact that he was right.  He walked back over to the tray, unsure if he should take it back or not.  This wasn't what he'd planned at all.  But when he got there, he noticed a surprising amount of paper diagrams that he'd ignored as general paperwork when he'd first come in.  "I thought you did everything in holograms?" Steve blurted out, sifting through the pages.  It looked like the machine Tony was working on.
