I’ll be sad to leave here in a few months when my pension runs out.
After a minute more of utter stillness, utter silence, Sherlock drops to his knees on the carpet, trying not to wince at the pain still shooting through his joints with every movement, trying desperately to quell the images that rise, unbidden, of concrete floors, wet, and stained with his own blood and urine.
It feels like an impasse.
“For what?”
It’s fine.
He shakes his head.
“Probably not the place to be discussing that.
Sherlock cuts his pant leg, tears up to the wound, and examines it.
I believe we’ve already had this conversation, and if you will forgive me, at this point it is beginning to feel as though you are just looking for excuses to not be here.
John frowns.
He motions down the length of his broken body, and he means more than just his body, Sherlock knows.
Sherlock clarifies.
“I am.
“It never is,” he says without thinking, and sees John turn and look at him in confusion.
“It was, you know.”
He’s having a fantastic time, and he has no idea how to classify any of what they’re doing, but maybe it doesn’t matter.
He needs to get back on track.
John forces a smile.
They don’t do this, they don’t put things into words, but it’s important to John, in this moment.
John is lying flushed and sweaty, one arm draped over his eyes, mouth a tight line.
A bit of a dick sometimes, but a nice person, and I’m not.
Sherlock’s eyes drop to the mattress.
Do you know what I’m referring to?”
John rubs Sherlock’s thighs.
“Hey.”
He’s only half hard, and John lets the weight of him rest in his palm, stroking his length with one thumb, while pressing kisses to his shoulder blades.
“Kissing.”
“And perhaps remember to breathe.”
“You don’t want to?”
It takes Sherlock a moment to realise that John is talking about the scar on his shoulder, or perhaps the other scars that Sherlock had noticed briefly, small pocks along the tops of his arms, some on his lower back, the sort left by burns from the butt of a cigarette, one larger, round, like it maybe came from the cigarette lighter in an automobile.
Fumbles, slicks his hand in a desperate scramble, and wraps it back around his twitching cock.
Mycroft sighs the moment he picks up.
Sherlock responds calmly.
Didn’t know I wanted you as much as all this, I guess.”
His hands are still cold, and John hisses as Sherlock crawls between his legs, takes him by the hips, and pushes him closer to the headboard.
To the south, the village.
He buries his face in his hands.
“What made it understandable?”
I’m not leaving here without it.”
He’d gotten this far with a bloke at a party once, pressed up agains the wall in a closet, trousers down around their knees.
“Yeah, well, I don’t want to feel like your patient.”
I just mean, I’m a bloke.
Woke up.
It’s not a question.
“Alright.”
“Hey.”
They’ll give me antibiotics.
“God yeah, that’s it.
His hands slide down to grip John by the belt loops and drag him in closer, and John pants against his mouth, opens to him, lets him press inside, taste, take.
The moment his hand closes over the plastic jewel case, he knows what it is.
“I was hoping you would agree to be involved.”
Stupid.
Be who I am. I…”
“Sorry I’m late.
“Good.
They spread a blanket out on the bed, and all the food on that, and Sherlock laughs, actually laughs, at the tacky, festive way they’ve decorated the cardboard boxes the food’s come in, and the bows tied around the chopsticks, and the two Christmas crackers stuffed in the top of the bag with their order.
And Sherlock wants this, he realises.
John straddles him eagerly, braces himself against the wall behind them, arms either side of Sherlock’s head, and grins.
We can come right now.
“It’s nice.
“You got news for me?”
I need your courage, and your practicality, your wry humour, your strength, and more than that, John, I need your friendship, your companionship, your fondness and your care.”
That’s the difference between a nice and not so nice surprise.”
John.”
John feels a fierce rage rise up in him.
The flat
“You are?”
“Thank god.”
John checks the current time on a wrist watch, which Sherlock finds incredibly ‘John’, and unpredictably endearing, without being able to explain why.
They aren’t
John just wants to get back to his flat.
“Perhaps I was just as guilty as our—history professor who was—abusing him, or our headmaster, who suspected and did nothing…
He takes a deep breath to calm his overactive nerves.
It’s okay.
“Mm, you’re perfect,” he rumbles close enough to John’s ear and loud enough that he can both hear and feel it.
“Of course.
John looks down at him curiously, for a moment, and then seems to realise what he wants.
John adds, not even trying to hide the amusement in his voice.
even. And you need to make him pay"
"Wait, John, stop" Sherlock scattered out, pulling back from his ever so sweet lips and grasping on his hands before he could release the final button of his shirt.
"No, it's fine, this is your argument darling, not mine" she spoke with a soft smile, stroking John's arm ever so carefully before guiding her way out of the kitchen and closing the door behind her.
"I don't know what's happening here"
"I'm afraid so" Sherlock bitterly smiled, leaving John and Greg to just watch as he waltzed out of the building like he had won the jackpot.
"Ah, bullet wound straight through the skull, rapture in the brain, instant death - around, two hours ago? No, an hour and forty five minutes ago. The bullet would have been shot from..." he trailed off, turning around to look at the room "Behind the window at the back fire exit door, there's shattered glass on the floor - someone with a skilled hand, obviously"
"Ah, I assumed much. I was hoping you would explain to me why you stormed out" Sherlock spoke slowly.
"It could be?"
"Yes, fuck. Well, I think so" John nodded "But, it's so much more difficult now. We can't just mess about and hope for the best - we have been friends for so bloody long that even attempting this could ruin it. And we're not even putting Rosie into this situation, she'll be the first person to blurt out that her dad is sleeping with Sherlock Holmes"
"This is so unfair"
And they stayed there for another minute or so, Sherlock simply comforting the confused girl, a feeling of instant care and affection for her washing over him like a gun shot all at once and suddenly, he realised that no matter what, he would care for her, always.
"Don't be so crude" Sherlock snapped his head to look at him "we're not fucking"
"It doesn't seem like you can fix any, you're an idiot. For once in your life, Mycroft Holmes, why don't you fix this? Give your brother a break" John spat once more, ending the call, throwing his phone at the wall opposite him.
"Yes, she's interesting, I like her very much, she's not boring - you however, Mr Holmes, you are very boring. You're not what I expected at all"
John was at home, the TV playing in the background, his daughter going on and on about her day and yet, all that was on his mind was the memory of Sherlock from earlier this day. Maybe he did love Sherlock? More than just as his best friend, more than he ever knew was possible. But was that even possible?
John was going to try, nevertheless.
"Well, that's the truth"
He sat back in his chair, looking up at the door as the handle budged. He rubbed his eyes with his hands as it opened, turning his back to the computer to collect their notes.
"Ah. I should have known this would be a topic of conversation, shouldn't I? How did I not deduce this?"
"He likes to play with fire, that's obvious - however, I can't seem to understand why and how he does it. He will not stop, John - not until I am dead and gone and the only hunch I have is that he will use fire and I will be the victim, we just have to figure out how he intends to use the fire the next time"
"Please, I must ask you not to" Sherlock shook his head firmly, closing his eyes as he turned his back to him "I care for you very much, John Watson. However, I must ask you to give me some time to heal from this whole situation"
"- now please, for the last time, get out!"
"Wait, so, now he's found out, will he harm her? Molly, I mean"
"Shower, dressed and then we can relax, okay? Are you staying here tonight or are you going to stay at your brothers? Considering they are still working on Baker Street" John asked, watching as Sherlock reluctantly lifted himself from his legs.
"Are you... Are you going on a case?"
"Then, I'll sort you some clothes, let's go for a shower before she gets home" John said, standing to his feet and lacing his fingers through Sherlock's.
"What are you waiting for?" John asks, his eyelashes hitting the edge of his cheek and - shit, Sherlock was mesmerised by how innocent he suddenly looked.
"No, no, not at all. I haven't thought about him for a while now. It was years ago"
"Is this a practical joke? Wait - who did you pay to do this? Is someone here?" John asked, stepping in from the doorway to look around the flat, waiting to see Mrs H or Molly jump out.
He pressed send, chiming back into what she was saying as her speech came to and end.
"Oh yes! Molly pops round every now and then, you'll love her too. Very good friends with your dad here"
"But what if I am sick, can I go home then?"
"So..."
"Why what, dear?"
He stood up, the phone still to his ear as he walked to the doorway finding Rosie sat on the stairs in a huff.
"Mhm, she'll most likely bite my head off for suggesting it - I'll let you do it, she likes me at the minute, I don't want to ruin that"
"And what changed? When did he change?"
"Yes, I'm her son and this is my husband" Sherlock quickly retorted, calmly.
"It's taking forever"
They were sat there, John and Sherlock on the three seater with at least a two person space between one another and Rosie had occupied the two seater, her legs spread across it. If John and Sherlock hadn't looked so awkward sitting near one another, anyone would think it was like any other family.
Twitter -
"None at all" Sherlock shook his head "I have said repeatedly that I was done. And I stand by word, through and through - the police worked without me for many years, they can do it again now. They don't need me anymore"
"No, but I know you two. And I know what you can become, you're Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and the game really is on. Go down there, apologise for storming out like a prick and tell him what you want. After all this time you finally know how he feels, John. Don't spend another lifetime waiting for something to happen"
"I..." he starts, but his eyes are wide, he was startled by John's sudden closeness - noting the few steps between them both.
"It's because of both Sherlock and myself, I told you our past was rather dangerous"
John's breath hitched in his throat, of course, the first time they had kissed it had left him breathless beyond belief however this time, it was so full of desperation and need that it almost made him dizzy from the impact of Sherlock's luscious lips on his own.
"Please, Sherlock" John spoke softly, his eyes piercing onto him "Talk to me, tell me what's going on. I can't help unless you tell me"
"Meet who?" He asked.
"What?" Sherlock deadpanned, his lips parting as he took in what John had said.
"Yes, so Jel" John mimicked, stepping in the door and closing it behind him. He shuffled his jacket from his arms, placing it on the rack beside the door as though he was walking back into his own home. He stepped in front of Rosie who was still gawking around in the hallway "Mrs H, are you here?"
They parked up outside, John's usual space. They stepped out together, John guiding Rosie round towards the door with an arm around her waist, a comforting smile on his face as he tried to keep her calm. He knew she was a mix of both excitement and worry and he hated seeing her worry - she really shouldn't be worried when meeting her god parent.
John braced himself, he was a soldier after all, he needed to stop pussy footing around him "we need to talk" he spoke firmly.
"Sherlock" John shouted from the bottom of the stairs, his coffee in hand. He waited a second before shouting again "Rosie! Will the pair of you get up, you're going to be late"
"This whole time, everything we've ever done. It's all been about you. I thought that was obvious?"
She stood up, her eyes flickering between the door and her father and his friend. She shrugged her shoulders slightly as she walked straight over to Sherlock and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, John was shocked to see Sherlock instantly return the favour.
"Hello?"
Sherlock was silent, his hands dropping until they were on his lap, his eyes were slightly frantic. He hadn't expected this.
"I didn't want to hurt her" He shook his head "I don't want to hurt anybody, I just want to do what he asks, that's all, he just asked me"
"Mhm, keys, phone, wallet, I'm set" Sherlock nodded, gulping the reminder of his coffee. "I'll be home for lunch today"
"The offer... That you would spread me across the floor the next time you saw me, does that... you know, count?" Sherlock spoke quietly, his voice barely recognisable, vulnerable and desperate, a voice that John adored.
"John, do you trust me? Answer me"
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, a small smirk raising on his lips. And John had missed that, he had missed those lips, they could define every feeling Sherlock felt.
"Oh? Then why are you here? You have become putty in my fingers, Sherlock Holmes, you are simply doing nothing more than bringing yourself to your fate. And that is, inevitably, your end"
"He's learning" John winked, turning to sit on the stool opposite her. "I hope you don't intend on staying, it's going to be extremely dangerous, the last thing I'd want is for you to get caught in the crossfire"
"You apparently already stole my credit card, so, how could you possibly need more money from me?"
"Your plan of people not noticing isn't going to plan, is it?"
"For what?" He asked, knowing fine well, just finding it utterly amusing to see him suffer.
"Beau- beautiful? I'm a man, thank you very much"
The fond memories now a distant memory, it felt. John would close his eyes, remembering tiny details of conversations, bitter filled arguments and petty discussions. Just hoping that he could remember enough so that it would feel as real as it once was. But no matter how he tried, no matter the time he spent, it felt as though it was impossible - it wasn't going to work, nothing would.
They reached the third floor, one below the roof, Sherlock being first to swing the door open making a very startled Molly Hooper jump out of her skin.
"No, Rosie. I know you're excited and all but just because you've met him once doesn't mean you can suddenly pop in and out as you please. I've already told you he's a private man, he doesn't enjoy lots of company all the time"
John turned to Sherlock, a wash off relief practically waving over his face, his shoulders physically slumping from where he had been stiff notoriously since finding out about it.
"You know, you're rather beautiful, John Watson" Sherlock admitted, his voice strong.
His dark brown curls falling onto his forehead, his eyes soft and tired, a sleepy smile across his lips and the most adorable cotton pyjamas. He was like a dream.
His eyes were hooked on him, noting his smart casual look, a shirt and trousers, only a few buttons left undone at the top, it suited him. But then again, he was used to seeing him like this. But just not at this age, maturity really did suit him.
"Why on earth would you go to Greg Lestrade before going to me? Most of the time you hated the man! You insisted he was an idiot, nearly, one hundred percent of the time"
She nodded, surprisingly taking this better than either had expected. She placed her backpack on her shoulder, she walked around the counter until she reached Sherlock - who naturally, turned around, pulling her into a tight hug and copying John's actions by placing a kiss onto her forehead.
"Jesus, Sherlock! You should come with a bell" Molly gasped, taking a few steps back, sending a glare towards him.
"Oh" was all that left Sherlock's lips "I have to be honest with you, John. I have no idea how relationships work or how any of it works, I need you to lead me in this or it will be an absolute disaster for both of us"
"Oh" Sherlock spoke softly, his eyes gazing up to look at John who was still stood gawking at the scene in front of him "you're welcome"
"Is he as arrogant as you wrote? You always went on about his... bad way with people?"
John pondered over the request, wondering if he was stable enough to talk to Sherlock about this in person, whether he was brave enough, after all, if he wasn't stable around Sherlock then how the hell did he expect Rosie to react.
"Rosie, so help me god if you tell me you're not well once more I'm going to -"
"Not today, love - I've gone without for a while, I can wait a few more days until you've finally cracked this bloody case" John smiled fondly, rolling to the side so he could lay beside Sherlock, his hand reaching out to lace his fingers through Sherlock's.
"I love you, kiddo" John sighed, walking round the counter to embrace her.
Sherlock dropped his phone to his lap, his eyes scattering as he noticed the glares from the others.
"Yes, actually, I do" Sherlock spoke firmly, picking the tray up and turning with a smile.
“As in your hand on my cock?”
It’s across the room on the the other nightstand, and John leaps up, stumbles and nearly falls over Sherlock’s shoes, which are sitting neatly by his bed, throws himself across his bed, and shuts it off with a groan.
The eyes that meet Sherlock’s are hollow and red-rimmed.
“Do you?”
John’s brow wrinkles, and then his eyes widen.
“No!”
“Of course.
“Hungry?”
“Because it’s kind of a big deal.”
“I—I hate you so much.”
Sherlock nods, and John doesn’t force him to say it this time, and he’s grateful.
“I mean it.
Dr. Carlton is grabbing him, and so he drops, just drops, dead weight to the floor, and he keens, and keens, and keens.
“I’ll remind you, you said that.”
“Oh yeah?
“You going to sleep in your clothes then?”
His hands are shaking and he’s starting to get a headache.
“I’m not your housekeeper!”
He nods, and now John is going to have to say it, for good or for ill, no matter how difficult.
Maybe I should check your blood pressure.”
“Let’s take a look then,” John motions for the boy to come over, and then glances over his shoulder at Sherlock.
“It’s to sleep.”
He stares down at his chest, where a bloom of red is starting spread through his shirt.
There’s a pine futon with a white mattress against one wall, an unframed poster of what looks like the Sussex coast pinned to the wall above, a couple of house plants, bravely clinging to life on the window sill, and a simple desk that looks like it came from Ikea along the opposite wall, a closed laptop the only object on its surface.
It is!”
“The bomb went off.”
And now it seems it’s John’s turn to feel uncomfortable.
didn’t like it, we don’t have to do it again.
It’s all along here.
They share a flat, a career, a life.
Can I undress you?”
“I wasn’t the one who started it.”
I know.
“Your choice.”
“This cottage, it was your way of saying forever, yeah?
And now John does sound angry, his voice tight, his fists balled at his sides.
Huxtable shakes his head.
“No!”
“But I thought about it, and then I started to fantasize about it.
Rather more quickly than I anticipated you would, too.”
Right.
Sherlock continues to mutter and tremble, and John considers, for a wild, stupid moment, actually trying to shake him awake.
“She’s doesn’t like the danger in the work.
Two days after she began her plotting Sherlock had shown up in John’s room in the wee hours of the morning looking, from the bags under his eyes and the wild state of his hair, like he had been up pacing half the night.
John sniffs and stirs a little under the blankets.
But no.  There is a soft, warm flicker coming from the kitchen, and the sudden pop of John uncorking a bottle of wine.
“Should we go after him?”
It’s not like…
And Sherlock wonders how it is he isn’t constantly in pain what with exercising so much, such consistent, subconscious control, because even when John explodes in a burst of action, he is controlled, always so controlled—until something in him snaps.
Would he care if Sherlock climbed up on this railing, and stepped off into the darkness, or would be silently relieved to finally be free of the burden?
here?”
Things don’t really work out and he’s glad.
In fact, Sherlock can’t seem to read his reaction at all.
The arousal is stronger now than it was earlier.
He must have seen it, guessed what it might be, and decided to take some and find out.
“It is possible you will see more videos of this kind in the future, and the good Captain may also grace us with a vlog now and again.
With a voice like that he should really be utilising it more.
What will you do then, mm?”
It’s an accurate description of what he does, and I fail to see what you think it has to do with me.
“I love you.”
He lets it take him, and then sinks under the blissful weight of the afterglow, lying still, softening cock still in hand, the distant natter of Mrs. Hudson’s telly letting him know that she’s still deep in the grip of her usual evening pastime, and he can lie like this for hours if he chooses.
the British government, when he’s not too busy being the British Secret Service or the CIA on a freelance basis.”
Well, a bit of entertainment, at least.
But then he remembers John, and Mrs Hudson, and Lestrade.
Thank you for today.”
Sherlock dons his gloves, carefully unscrews the top, and to his great relief finds an oily brown film floating atop the tiny bit of water still remaining.
“I’ve never let myself…”
John stares down at all lowercase, no punctuation, and smiles.
Brilliant, isn’t it.
You speak only of your reputation, your desire for privacy.
“About why you lied—to the front desk clerk, this afternoon, when we were checking in.  Was that for my benefit, or hers?”
“NO!”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say, so he says nothing.
“Thank you.”
After breakfast, perhaps.”
It feels good.
Sherlock hooks another finger around John’s, and John slides his hand into his, meshes their fingers together and squeezes.
They were—practically family.”
“Did you find the lube?”
“Paddigton Thtathon.” Sherlock orders as he gets in himself, sounding much less intimidating with his stuffy nose and the lisp that always seems to appear with exhaustion or illness.
“I love you too.”
Give it a try is all I’m saying.
“I’m sure Mummy did.”
“Been wanting to do that all day.
I am quite lost without you, you know.”
He looks back up.
If it had been Sherlock barging in on John in such a fashion, John would have instinctually moved to cover himself, but Sherlock is just standing there, shivering, pale skin covered in gooseflesh, nipples peaked, cock small, and shrunken, drawn up and seeking out the heat at Sherlock’s core.
“The clients can wait.”
That’s a long stretch.”
Sherlock nods, because he’s right.
You are a gem, Mrs. Hudson, a gem!”
And he could be a danger to him.
“Practically pink.
“I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
John sits up, and props his leg on the coffee table, and Sherlock spreads out their meal on the space that’s left.
“Yeah, you know what.
John sighs.
You would have let me in on the plan.
“Which is why we are here, Mr. Holmes!
John rasps in his ear, and Sherlock feels like he’s flying, like his legs will hardly hold him, and if he doesn’t sit or lie down soon, John will have to scoop him up like some swooning maiden and carry him to bed.
“Let me just…”
He reaches up and smooths a hand over John’s head.
It was thoughtless.”
“Hey.
It seems like this is an exception.”
He turns and looks up at him.
John sits up, and Sherlock instantly misses him.
John nudges him fondly with his shoulder.
“Fine.
“Touching you.
His face is burning, and his head is light, and it feels like every drop of blood in his body is racing downward.
All Sherlock manages in response.
He nods.
“I mean if we don’t have to meet up with our client…”
John scowls, but repeats the words.
“Suit yourselves.”
“Don’t be stupid, John.”
I’m not saying ‘no’, I just.
Of course.
“Wanna see you.”
“What?”
“The disco tub?”
He stares down at it and opens it again.
“Oh Sherlock, I was just telling John that I’ll bring you some lunch when you’re all settled.”
), and carries on.
“You done vomiting now?”
She needs her own room.”
It’s quiet.
He squeezes his eyes shut and sucks in a deep breath through his nose, before turning on his heel and marching back into the restaurant.
So this woman was saying you looked like a girl?
I want to picture it.
John goes silent, tucks himself back up against Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock packs two bags.
“Dad’s predictably let it go.
John continues.
Sherlock’s eyes never leave his, as he reaches down, and cups his hand around John’s, where it’s still lightly cradling Sherlock’s cock, and John understands, so he starts to stroke again, watches Sherlock’s eyes fall shut, and his mouth fall open, watches the tears squeeze from beneath closed lids to trail down his cheeks.
When they resume they come up two steps at a time, and then stop dead at the entrance to the kitchen.
“Thought maybe you just wanted to sit,” John pants when he finally breaks away.
“Of course.”
“Right.
John slides a hand down his chest and plucks at the front of the jumper.
“Oh.”
Once when things were really bad, I—I met up with a bloke, and he did what he’d agreed to do, and then left when I got—weird about it…”
He swallows.
Truth be told, John misses his company.
“Yeah.”
Well, it’s really not necessary.
“He’s not.”
I do need to know I can trust you, trust you not to put yourself willingly in harm’s way.
Mumbled through the haze of sleep.
I won’t stop you.”
Cold, boney fingers wrap around his upper arm, and he hisses, his attention immediately drawn back to the task at hand.
“Listen, I don’t want you to feel like I’m forcing this on you.  I know you want me to be happy, but I don’t need this to…”
“What exactly is it we’re looking for?”
There’s a long pause, during which John can here the distinct sounds of frantic pacing.
John’s shout in the cave.
Sherlock takes it all in, the way he looks—young, suddenly, the way he winces a little as he stretches his leg, rolls his shoulder, all the aches and pains suddenly catching up with him now that the pleasure is fading.
Leona’s head snaps up in shock, but Sherlock just carries on. “You walked the mile to Mrs. Roundhay’s.
“Fine…”
Remember?”
Don’t walk out on this because I’m an idiot.
Sherlock sits on the carpet and tries to gather himself.
Sherlock feels a rush of anxiety.
John’s lips curl into a fond smile.
Sherlock has never once suggested they meet.
She has bruises circling her wrists, and Sherlock sees John notice.
Sherlock grins, and John thinks he wants to kiss him and punch him all at once, and isn’t that just them all wrapped up in a nutshell.
Do you have a list?”
You get a bit of an instinct for it after awhile.”
Sherlock clarifies, sounding caught-out.
He doesn’t know.
“I’ve told you to stop worrying about money.”
And it’s so human, Sherlock’s desire, so beautifully vulnerable and human that it lights something up inside John, a fire that he thinks must have been lying dormant for years, just waiting for a breath of oxygen to bring it roaring to life, because it’s burning white hot now, and John wants to say ‘fuck it’ to slow, and he would if not for the fact that Sherlock had said…
And I…
John wonders if it’s possible to fall in love with someone a little more each day.
John tuts over Rosie, lets her show him her wound, tell him all about it.
I don’t want that creepy bloke haunting everything we do and say for the next…
John shoots him a doubtful look.
“It wearing off then?”
But when John finally speaks, it’s serious.
It’s practically pain at this point, and good as John feels—hot, and tight, and slick around him—he needs to come.
Do you remember?”
Sherlock shakes his head, waiting.
“And me not there to stop it, and I watched him die with complete satisfaction, and if that makes me an animal, if it means that I should go to prison, then—go ahead and send me.
I should have perhaps asked first?
“Yes, why not?”
They must have called when I was with a patient.”
John sniffs, and shifts in his seat.
“Your hands,” Sherlock blurts dumbly.
He feels John tense in his arms a little, and so he kisses him, slow, and sweet, and deep, until John starts to move against him, teasing pleasure from his own body, and Sherlock rubs slow circles against his hole, adding a little pressure each time, until suddenly John takes him in with a sigh that almost sounds like relief.
He had known that he missed this, John’s regular presence by his side on cases, but now that John is here, arranging transportation, lodgings, ensuring that they are fed, Sherlock realises just how great the hole was that John left when he’d decided to live a more solitary life.
When they’re both snuggled back beneath the covers again, Sherlock twines his icy limbs around John’s warm ones, presses his cold toes against John’s calves, and earns himself a playful swat on the arse, and a bit of a tussle, that results in more kissing, before he finally pulls back and and stares at John in the dark.
I was foolish.
John chuckles.
He was my firstborn son, and as such, I had a duty, an obligation to give him the sort of life that position promised.
And so they continue to sit.
He’s hopeless, helpless.
“You ready?”
“Oh fuuu…”
“It’s no one.”
It’s a relief to be cocooned against John’s body again.
Just firm, even pressure.”
She tuts and coos over the previous day’s festivities and then insists that she’ll be just fine for a few hours, and that the two of them should just head out and get their honeymoon started.
John sits up and stares down at his phone.
“Oh ho!
It’s a deep voice, clearly one used to oratory, but it has a softness about it here in the privacy of the headmaster’s office, and a tone that might even be interpreted as sadness.
It’s not far.
He’s pale, and sweaty, and sound asleep.
“Go home and get some rest.
It’s heavy, and cold, and comforting.
He forces himself to stop.
“Was a lot more than just us not talking.”
Can I touch you?”
“You’re a fucking idiot.
Sherlock is doing his best impression of innocent.
Sherlock frowns, reaches out and pulls John closer.
“When I was away those two years.”
Thought I’d walk back to the flat with you, make sure you get in okay.”
John doesn’t reply, so he gets out the minute the car stops.
And then they are in the lift, and Sherlock can breathe again.
“‘Course I am.”
He considers going to Regent’s Park again, but he doesn’t want to brave the tube, and it would take too many buses.
“So this is what?
You just seem a little—on edge.”
For fuck’s sake, why do I have to be dying to want to have a chat?!”
“I know.”
“That too.”
“Fine.”
I’ve never.”
John’s voice softens.
He thinks about Moriarty.
His cock twitches and fills, and John is grateful for the lube a moment later when Sherlock drops forward, braces his hands on either side of John’s head, and rocks even faster.
“We need a longer tub.”
“You’d do best to heed him.”
It’s as simple as that.
It’s a promising suggestion.
Any requests?
“Okay.
Which will it be?”
Yeah.”
There’s time to take his time, to wake Sherlock slowly, to maybe test the waters for a little of what Sherlock had rebuffed the night before, declaring John too drunk.
to anyone.”
More than I imagined.
“It’s wanted.”
So you’re not an amateur.
Sherlock nods.
That’s better.”
He gets like this, and—well, you’d better go up.”
“Would you be willing to do that again, sometime, do you think?”
John nods, and smiles Sherlock’s favourite smile, before looking back down at his plate and stabbing at a tomato.
‘Course not.
She laughs.
John kisses him.
Jewels tucked away in a box.
By the fact that she was comparing me to the subject of something so ridiculously romantic, yes.
John ordered way more than they needed, and they light a fire, and spread it all out on the floor in front of the hearth, and pull cushions from the sofa to sit on as they eat.
John nods and looks away.
He’s wearing a dark blue shirt that makes his skin of his upper chest and throat glow with the contrast.
He knows that John is still struggling to find his feet as a civilian, that he needs to feel valued, needed, even wanted perhaps.
He prepares a cup with sugar, and one without, and gives the sweeter of the two to Sherlock, before plopping down in the chair across from him with a slight groan.
Sherlock sighs in impatience.
“You sure, because you look a little feverish.”
“I’m not sure I remember who I was before.
Sherlock turns back to the task at hand.
But I would be very grateful and honoured if you would let me try.
“Jesus.
A tear breaks free to roll over the bridge of John’s nose, and drip down on the pillow.
“But you—fantasize?”
It contains two words, pressed together into one.
He’s already there, in John’s space, sharing his heat, breathing his air, and so John lifts his arms to wrap around Sherlock’s waist, and pull him closer.
John’s brow had been knit, but curious as he passed it off, but now he has an explanation, any hint of warmth has suddenly disappeared.
He’d never have guessed Sherlock to be one keen on role play, but there had been a definite flush to his cheeks when he turned away, and John feels sudden motivation to get into his costume as quickly as possible and see what effect it might have.
What the fuck did you think would happen, mm?
“Colourful but rather pedestrian expletive, Watson.
John feels light-headed.
“Better?”
He feels a rush of adrenaline flood his veins.
John can see the sheep grazing in the field beside the lane, and sure enough, when they see him, they begin to trot toward the fence.
“Right.
I take it that’s a ‘no’.
“Best not to talk here.
It’s sweet and just a little bit saucy.
John looks at him, and hopes he can see it.
John sets the bag of groceries he’s carrying down on the floor beside the fridge with a sigh.
John spits a wry laugh into the darkness.
Before you could convince yourself that I was worth it?
It’s fine.
And John lets out the smallest of sounds, something almost like a sob.
Do you want me to lie to you, just to make you feel better?”
“I mean are you lying to keep a secret about something that will make the other person happy or are you lying to keep a secret to protect yourself.
I was tackled to the lawn by a dog the very first day, before we’d even had opening chapel.”
And that’s the real problem.
Maybe we only matter for a blink, to a single person, but, if we make that one person’s life more bearable, then maybe—maybe we’re okay.
One of them traces a slow, lazy line up and down its length.
“Good is a rather inadequate descriptor.”
it’s late, or rather early.
Sherlock doesn’t move, and he’s so close, all frizzy unkempt curls, and pale skin, and lips that are—really something else this close up.
It’s sensory overload in the best possible way.
And what’s that.”
“What did you do?”
“What name?!”
“Take it off.”
“It’s really not,” John insists.
Is that clear?”
When Sherlock’s eyes lift to meet John’s again, what John sees there takes his breath away.
Sherlock just nods, and goes back to obediently eating his sandwich.
He arches his back and pushes his arse in John’s face without even thinking, and John huffs against his damp skin.
He huffs out a nervous laugh.
He’s still too pale, and too tired, and too thin, but there is a relaxed, easy energy about him, tonight, that has Sherlock riveted.
Sherlock nods again.
It’s all going exactly as he predicted.
“Yeah?”
Finally, John’s arm slides down the wall to rest at his side. He wipes at his eyes, pulls himself up straight and returns to his chair without even looking at Sherlock as he brushes past.
“Jesus.
Not painful.
I shouldn’t have left you.”
“Hey.”
Sherlock lays in the dark and listens to the distant, quiet hum of late night traffic.
He has no idea what he’s doing, or how to read the situation.
It was necessary, but it was never what I wanted.
He grabs his preferred brand off the shelf, tosses it in the basket with the two boxes of condoms, and then takes the other items from John’s hands and puts them in the basket as well.
The scant furniture is arranged in such a way as to create a calm and relaxing environment for his work.
Sherlock grins, adds some water from the sink, and then hurries over to the table where he empties the contents of the vial into the diffuser, screws the lid back on, and pauses with his finger over the on button.
It never really occurred to me that Alex might—make me feel those things, you know.
Sherlock pulls his hands from beneath John’s shirt, and settles them around his waist, and kisses him until he feels the tension leave his body, and both of their erections grow less insistent.
His gaze returns to Sherlock.
“I’m fine.”
“Or maybe you’re just really responsive.”
John looks up at him with a look he can’t quite interpret, like he’s sad, and fond, and sorry all at once.
“Think he wants me to spy on you.
After what seems like ages, during which he almost falls asleep twice, he hovers over the screen until the seekbar appears.
John sighs and tries not to roll his eyes heavenward.
“Are you alright?”
Sherlock finally manages.
There’s no need for him to ask.
It’s not just kissing, or groping, or fucking.
“You’re getting old.”
A doctor is coming.
“When you came home.”
“Mmm…”  It’s noncommittal, and it doesn’t matter.  John knows he never wants it during a case, but the flirtation and the firm but gentle admonition and acceptance seems to be doing it’s work.  Sherlock looks visibly lighter.
He gives John’s cock a long pull, and finally moves, pulls out just the slightest bit, before pressing back in as far as he can.
“Well, I’ll come.
Sherlock is panting hard, flushed over his entire chest, and John’s body is responding just fine to the memory.
It seems I am very responsive to the sound of your moans.
John’s mouth is open, the muscles in his wrist tense, a sign that even in his sleep his fingers still stir, a subconscious echo of the pleasure he had just teased from his body while awake.
I’m being ridiculously, unforgivably overwrought, I know.”
“So you’ve said.”
He clicks play.
Sherlock walks over to the wardrobe and starts fingering through his shirts.
I suspect he will find you, if not guiltless, at least justified in your actions.”
I do, so—tell me.”
“What are you doing here?”
“You see, Watson, your Daddy knows me very well indeed.”
Someone downstairs raps loudly on the ceiling with a broom handle, and John laughs.
“Wanna try something.
“Be sure to dress for walking.”
Sleep.
The clouds have skittered away from the rising moon outside and there is enough light in the room for him to see John grinning quizzically.
Don’t worry about it.”
“Lie down.”
It’s the submission that intrigues you.”
“But seriously?”
John gives his hair a slow, firm pull, and Sherlock’s eyes slide shut as new pools of sensation begin to spring up all over his body.
Very pretty.”
And we’ve only known one another a couple of weeks, I know that, and I know this is mad, I know I’m probably coming across like a real creeper, but I—I just want to be near you—all the time,” he finishes in a fierce whisper.
“Yeah, and it’s already freezing in here.
He’s started to look forward to it.
Everyone always seems to lose their temper with Sherlock these days.
It was storming, pouring down rain late February, freezing cold.
John shakes his head.
He’s coming up the stairs with some bags of shopping.
He does pull at John’s hair now, as he feels his balls pull up, and the thing that had been building in him reach its zenith.
It’s exceptionally soft.
“Because you keep me grounded, are a catalyst to my deductions, your mere presence has a centring effect.
There’s a very long pause.
“Tell me.”
So why do you have
Sherlock grins, looking rather pleased with himself and John gently swats his hip.
“He’ll think I’m slipping.
But Sherlock doesn’t reply.
In fact by the time Sherlock dips the sponge beneath the water, and then presses it against John’s back to wring it out, and wash the soap away, John is completely relaxed.
She’s the one who set the cottage up for us.
“You’re alright?”
Do you know what helps?”
“Oh, don’t be like that.
“I love you.”
When he looks at John he feels a softness, an opening, a desire, a longing, a need to give rather than take, a draw to protect, a desire to nurture, and coddle and indulge.
Yeah, I…
They kiss long and lazy, and when they finally break apart Sherlock suddenly realises he’s exhausted.
“Before I—embarrass myself.
“No.  I mean it—really.  All of it.”
I just—I don’t know how to do this, and I don’t want to ruin it.”
Sherlock’s eyelids are drooping.
“Oh, I don’t think so.
“You said you were married to your work.”
Sherlock looks over at him, and John briefly catches his eye before turning back to the road.
“For what?”
And when John’s arms are around his waist, he looks up at Sherlock’s red-rimmed, and slightly confused eyes, and smiles.
I haven’t seen you quite this motivated in a long time.”
“You can tell me to stop…” murmured again, deep and clear this time, a sound that John feels in his gut and sinew.
John looks over at him and grins crookedly at his almost empty plate.
“Your tenacity, your courage, your desire to protect, your loyalty.”
“You didn’t seem to mind.”
“Too right!
The water stirs, and there is the squeak of Sherlock shifting in the tub.
I was diagnosed as a child, possibly inaccurately.
“Does smell like sandalwood.”
At least they’re talking.
So I thought we could start with things that straddle the line between platonic and erotic, those things that can tip either way, and see how that goes.”
Jesus, Sherlock.
“I can bathe quickly and then get out and let you enjoy it, if you want.”
Well, I could.
“You?”
“You and me both.”
“That’s excellent, John.”
When he gets to the kitchen Sherlock is standing in front of the fridge with the door open, investigating its contents.
“Yes what?”
“I would like to share a bed, on occasion, see if it’s sustainable, enjoyable.
They do.
“Jesus!”
He has watched a few personal attention videos, and they were off-putting, weird, and some of them even borderline sexual, but this is Sherlock.
And he’d just stopped trying after that.
The inevitable civilian deaths no one will be willing to admit to.”
And they do—naked, and warm, and safe in one another’s arms.
“There,” Sherlock states, setting John’s clean hand back down on his belly.
“Mm.”
Impossible!”
John bites down on all the words he wants to hurl out, bitter, and angry, and hurt, and all because Sherlock is right.
No mention of Sherlock.
I’ll just let you…”
“But, sometimes he’d get in a mood, and he’d always push me away, except for the times he didn’t, and I lived for those moments, because they were the only times I ever felt really alive.”
That voice.
So go on, ask.”
“Are you?”
Sherlock reaches out and takes John’s hand, guides it down to his abdomen, presses it there.
“Missed this.
John whispers frantically.
After a moment of tense silence, John lets out a soft huff.
“Yeah, I can see that.”
Sherlock’s hands are trembling.
“You catch the Tottenham match last night?”
“Christ, just wait.
“Problem?”
Except sometimes Sherlock can’t.
“It was—selfish of me.”
“Fair point.
Sherlock smiles.
John nods back, his hands sliding up Sherlock’s back, and down, hesitating at his waist, thumbs tracing crescents over his hipbones through the wool of his trousers.
“No, Sherlock.
I’m fine.”
Wanted a change.”
“Yeah, I know.”
It’s stupid.  It’s childish hope.  It’s illogical and shameful, but he is willing to do anything, try anything, and it isn’t until that moment, standing in the cold, and the dark, that he realises just how very much he’s fallen.  He loves John Watson so much he is willing to defy everything he’s ever built his life around, just to see him safe.
“Okay?”
The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the snow is melting.
There were multiple sightings of a boy and a man travelling together the morning after he went missing, but none of them match the description of Arthur or Heidegger.”
“More than you know.
“Missed you too, but I was serious about what I said a few says ago.
for nothing.”
He wants to be angry.
He scratches at his beard, and sits back on his heels, watching as the wood catches.
She points to her ear and then to him, and catching her meaning he leans in close.
Sherlock gets up, dusts off his jacket and the seat of his trousers, and takes the man in, in one long sweep.
Sherlock’s arms are around him again.
She huffs and collapses back into her chair.
John huffs into his shoulder.
He wishes John would be quiet, not ruin it.
“Actually, don’t shut up.
“I’m getting older, Sherlock.
John whispers against his neck.
“Can I help you.”
Sherlock looks everywhere but at him.
You didn’t mind him assaulting you?”
John is quiet on the way home in their shared cab, and Sherlock lets him be.
He wants to do something, something to make this thing between them, whatever it is, right.
- I have to admit that I prefer this artist's earlier work.  He sort of changed the whole feel of his channel about a year ago, revealed his face, started doing more talking and roleplay vids, which aren't my cup of tea.  But his earlier videos are excellent, and very relaxing.  They usually involve tactile and/or auditory triggers, sometimes in isolation, and sometimes coupled with soft whispering in French or English.
“I though maybe you never jumped at all, and it was just a dummy I saw, or maybe you had a bungee, or…”
John still can’t look at him, but he’s letting him hold his hand.
John feels his cheeks flare, but after a moment of dashing madly, careening through crowds of irritated and astonished people, the wind and snow biting against his cheeks.
“Mmm?”
Well, go ahead, take a pew.”
“You done it?”
Mrs. Roundhay reappears with a diffuser cupped in her trembling hands, and Sherlock takes it from her.
Sherlock surprises himself with the ferocity of his own feelings on the matter.
“Does it?”
“What?”
What police station.
John huffs.
Sherlock stands up, flips on the light beside the bed, strides naked across the room to his wardrobe, and then squats and starts rooting about in the bottom.
What?”
They didn’t have trousers in your length, and there wasn’t time to get any hemmed.
“I don’t know.”
But perhaps take your shoes off.
Sherlock stares down at his hands and then rubs them together, warming the lube, reaches down and takes John in hand.
I’m considerably more sure of foot on a dance floor than a sea of ice.”
“Yeah.
A link.
Really?”
“Look at me.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, only throws his coat down over the damp grass, and sits down on one side, leaving room for John, should he want to join him.
It’s deep and heady right away, John’s tongue sliding and tangling with his, John’s hands everywhere, and he loses all track of time.
In a way.”
I didn’t want to be there.
“I did.
John can feel it—the tightness in his chest and throat, the ache of the old broken femur in his thigh, the way he’s suddenly checking his exits.
“See.”
Me commander and submissive all at once.”
It may be nothing more than that, but it’s his best bet.
“Cleaner than I’ve probably ever been in my life thanks to you having a bloody bidet.
Problem?
“I didn’t see anyone.”
They’re breathing one another’s breath.
Sherlock had sighed heavily, and John had reached out to give his forearm a squeeze.
He reaches down and picks up the glass of water, takes a sip, sets it down again.
Maybe honesty is best.
Dad expected the military bit, I suppose, but…
Mike hadn’t been kidding about the voice.
He gives John an out.
He stirs a few minutes later, feels the loss when John instantly rolls away.
“Maybe because he genuinely wasn’t interested and it was easier, or maybe—maybe because he was just as scared I as I was; scared to risk so much, scared it wouldn’t be wanted, scared because so much of it was new.”
Who is Ms. Morris?
“Guess we’ll have to work it out.”
So, next new chapter will be on Father's Day (June 16th).
“Mm?”
“Shall I?”
“I’m not allowed to change alert tones?”
Let your body do the work.”
Sherlock sits forward.
He is angry.
But I—I didn’t realise it, you know.
Nothing.
I thought you should know.”
Just…”
Sherlock strides up to the maître’d.
I’m afraid you’ll
It’s far too small.”
A rare things in those days, in that part of London.
“Could cook.
Sherlock sits down on the edge of the bed.
“Sherlock….
Clearly awake, John is sitting forward in his chair, looking around himself.
“You—you’re okay.”
There were a few times in college, a bloke came onto him pretty strong at a party once.
John sniffs again, and pulls back to look up at him, eyes red-rimmed.  “Are you okay?”
Nothing.
“You’re so close already, I can tell.
Sherlock’s already taken his second finger all the way in, and is pushing himself back against John’s fingers, and his throbbing cock, like he’s desperate.
He sits naked on the edge of the sofa wraps the blanket around himself and takes in the suite around him.
“And you could be—satisfied with that?”
Go back to sleep.”
This is common practice.
“Yes.
The screen comes to life.
From the kitchen.
They allow him a fork when they push a plate of cold mućkalica into his cell every two days.
Sherlock tilts his head to one side and buries his face in John’s neck.  “I do too.”
I was on it the minute you called me last night.
“To be honest, I think you’ve known some pretty shit people, but just what do these other people say?”
Right.
He fell asleep after an early supper around 18:00.
When Sherlock gets back into bed, he doesn’t make any further pretence at being stand-offish, and instead just crawls right over and curls up on and around John like a demanding cat.
He doesn’t wait for an answer.
“Right.
Sherlock rubs his back, because it’s what you do when someone needs comfort, and John does.
I was three or four, I think, and come to think of it, I’m not sure how much I actually remember, and how much of it is what Harry told me, but I refused to eat my veg, and so he hit me up the back of the head every time I took a bite of something other than peas, and then finally shouted at me to eat or there would be hell to pay.
Sherlock sits and watches the breeze swaying in the leafless trees, and appreciates the quiet of the garden, and John’s strong, solid warmth at his side.
What right does Sherlock have to be asking anything of him, after all?
Then let’s go.”
going to be careful.”
“Would you prefer to finish?”
“I never should have left.”
“Yes, just there.
It’s good, I just…”
I hadn’t planned for today at all.
John, who cares enough about him to be angry if he doesn’t sleep, or eat, or follow doctor’s orders, John, who has forgiven Sherlock for leaving him, for dying in front of him, for staying away two long years without a single word.
“Alright.”
John’s whole body goes tense at the sound.  He sets the mug of tea he’s holding back on the counter, and pops his head around the door to the lounge.  “What’s that?”
Perhaps this is it.
Also, a big thanks to @SherlockSister1 for the Brit-picking, and, as always, to @astudyinsnoggy for the SPaG beta and general cheerleading.
“Can we please take this slow.”
Really?”
Maybe I bloody well want to.
John grinds out through clenched jaw.
“What’s that, Luv?”
“What?
Come downstairs.
“Oh yeah, I…
“You didn’t have to do what you did that night—for me.
“You know what I mean!”
Me coming back here.”
It sounds so harsh, so crass, so horrible put like that.
He knows John is clean, he has his medical records to prove it, and he knows that he’s clean, as his brother insists on reports every six months because of the drugs, but John doesn’t know that, and yet here he is, laying himself bare, without question.
John jerks his chin down to his lap.
“I know it is.
) bedroom.
“Your argument is shit, but…”
“You misunderstand me, Doctor.
Fortunately for him, Mrs. Roundhay can talk enough for the two of them, which gives Sherlock the perfect opportunity to observe the man while she prattles.
They’d found the VHS tape in a skip behind the local triple x and popped it in, not knowing what they’d got.
He texts an acknowledgement, and then flops into his chair to drink his tea.
“You wanna move?”
John grins a little suggestively and takes a step closer, close enough to feel the fact that Sherlock wouldn’t need much persuading to stay right where he is.
They do this.
Sherlock rolls over, and uncurls.
But you’d best take your opportunities while you have them Captain, because they are gone before you know it.”
They aren’t the same people they were all those years ago when they first shared a flat.
“It’s weightier.”
Sherlock tilts his chin and glances up at him.
He jerks his head toward his shoulder, and his voice catches, even as his brows knit into a knot of pain at the memory of something Sherlock knows he may never be privy to.
When they get home it’s to the discovery of lights burning, and the heat clanking in the radiators.
“You’re home now.
“I heard you were investigating.
“Made popcorn,” John offers from the futon, lifting the paper bag in his hand in a gesture obviously designed to draw away Sherlock’s gaze as John’s eyes drop briefly to his shorts and flit away again.
The couple next door are fucking.
“Perhaps we would do well not to—disappoint her.”
His brain feels sluggish, fuzzy, and that won’t do.
John just stares down at him, and shakes his head, before going to slosh milk in one cup of tea, and toss sugar into the other.
He flips through the channels until he finds some inane sitcom, and then turns the volume down low, leans back, and lets his eyes slide shut.
“Not with a pen, obviously.
Jesus, Sherlock, you don’t really think that after all this time, after everything, I’m still just here for the cases?”
He smiles and feels John smile back.
“If you wanted to.”
“Mm?”
Honestly, he can’t wait to be off, and settled into his room at…
John looks up at him and squeezes his hand again.
“What?”
“Christ, just—get us wherever it is we’re going, then.”
“Yes, you do.”
“I suspect that the letter he received the day he went missing contained instructions, a late night rendezvous.
And Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond, so he simply fetches his clothes, changes, and leaves without another word.
“I mean, you will speak plainly.  I will speak plainly. Orders will be clear.  Obeyed without question. No games.”
And it feels right.
“I’ve wanted to tell you, needed to tell you for a very long time, and now I have.
“Excuse me, Sir.”
“There’s a good man.”
Sherlock feels his throat tighten and his eyes bite.
He could always…
That’s true.
Sherlock squirms beneath him, turns his face away and presses it, hot and flushed, into his pillow.
But they aren’t things Sherlock cares about.
“It wasn’t my decision to make.
“John…”
Sherlock smiles when John’s face no doubt lights up.
“Mmm.”
And with that Sherlock swallows him down, and John does just as he’s been told, he moans long, and loud, and Christ, but isn’t it good to just let it all out, to not have to hold back because of their landlady downstairs, or Rosie upstairs, or the bloody neighbours (who honestly probably wouldn’t care anyway).
John.  John and Mary.
“Okay.
“You’ve met someone.
“That’s it?”
John reaches up under his jumper to thumb at his own nipples and Sherlock frowns.
“And if I want to?”
He’ll come ‘round, he always does.”
It’s okay.”
“I only opened the window.
Water?”
Sherlock’s still not hard, and John tries not to worry about it, because he seems to be having an amazing time, and he’s resting the whole of his body weight on John’s throbbing cock, and it’s heaven.
I can’t think.
“Not like that.”
He’s flirting.
A six at best.
John’s fingers shake as he looses first the top button, and then another, and another.
After he feels some of anxiety from the newness and weirdness of the situation dissipate, he takes a deep breath and reaches up to rub a hand over his chest, down over his abdomen, back up again.
“Apparently he does, and if he wanted to do it again sometime, he’ll get no objection from me.”
Like art.
Wasn’t professional at all.
“The police were all saying drugs, but that’s ridiculous.
“Nothing important.”
“Just one,” Sherlock whispers and wonders why.
“We’re not a couple.”
But usually it just…”
John blinks.
“I think you’re in shock.”
Sherlock sucks in a breath of bracing air to steady himself, and then nods and gets to his feet, climbs back under the covers, shivering violently, even as John gets up and shrugs into a jumper before going about building a fire in the hearth across the room.
Sherlock is always a surprise, leaving him reeling half the time.
His gram on his mum’s side had lived to be 69, and that had seemed a big deal.
Let’s enjoy it, shall we.
“An interested party.”
Sherlock just takes him deeper.
He can see John glancing at him out of the corner of his eye, and it only makes things worse.
“I used to wonder what things would have been like if I’d just told you.”
They were like fa…”
I—I ate earlier.
John tugs slow and firm, and then lets go, and crawls into Sherlock’s lap.
John’s mouth hangs open.
He would never turn it away, and perhaps it is the right first step, because he suddenly realises that he’s trembling.
“In the army I would sometimes have a wank with some of the other lads.”
“I don’t see the point.”
John frowns, traces his thumb over the nub of one of Sherlock’s vertebra.
“Wait.”
Sherlock thinks he might try if only to get out and into the sunshine.
I would bet my life on it.”
I’ve already done.”
He and the Duke are waiting in his study.
“I’ll decide later.”
His head is swimming, he realises.
Sherlock notices (of course he does), and so he does it again, and John can only blink, stunned as his cock throbs out an answering echo in his trousers.
Sherlock repeats, breathes into his hair, strokes his back.
His eyes are rolling about beneath his lids.
He can breathe.
His mouth feels dry.
“Need to give notice on my lease.”
“Because I can’t.”
“You can’t possibly expect me to have unravelled the whole of it in a single afternoon, when all of the local police, and London beside, haven’t been able to do half as much in five times the number of days!”
I was in Lewisham.”
We’re done.
“You dream of when you were a boy.
I’m sorry, I’m just so…”
“My personal fantasies always seemed much more satisfying, and much less fraught with potential hazards.”
“Out.”
Everything speeds up in an instant, Sherlock’s brain kicking in again, laser sharp.  He scans the area. Nothing. Reaching down, he scoops John up, John who is heavier than he looks, but still manageable.  He hears John’s broken leg make a grinding, snapping noise, feels John swallow back the cry of agony against his chest, and then he is running, running for the front office, the door outside, air, and rain and safety.
We’ll stockpile in there in case the power goes out again tonight.”
But really, I don’t know which of us had it worse in the end.
“I should probably go out and check the hives, though.”
He jerks his chin down to his lap, and Sherlock hesitates, trying to understand his full meaning.
Two are dipping down into the gap between Sherlock’s spine and his belt.
And just like that he’s gone.
John nods, still staring at Sherlock’s shirt buttons.
I get killed.”
I think that's been clear with John, because this story is from his point of view, but in this chapter we see a little of what is going on with Sherlock.  This is probably the heaviest chapter in the whole story, and Sherlock's nightmares happen at the beginning, so we are on to the comfort side of the hurt/comfort by they halfway point of the chapter.
Told him you were a big boy and could take care of yourself.”
Why would you do that?”
Okay.
“What?
It’s not usual for John, who, though not boisterous exactly, has a way of filling a room with his presence.
She’s enjoying this—too much.
It sparkles and bounces off falling water several yards away, and a steep, rock face slick with water and mineral deposits.
So, I don’t know.
“I didn’t know.
“You didn’t answer my question about John.”
Sherlock swallows.
If you are attached to the doctor at all, I would suggest cutting all ties.
He takes another hit before he’s able to gather and form a snowball of his own, but Sherlock is jogging across the yard with a chuckle now, and John has to chase after him, only managing to hit his retreating form between the shoulder blades.
I will try to get a case closer to home next time.”
He fumbles about and accepts the call, only realising after he’s clicked accept, that it’s a video call.
"Sorry I'm late, my idiotic English Literature teacher decided to give me detention all because I threw a bin at someone - wasn't my fault that they looked at me funny" She began to rant as she made her way into the kitchen, she sighed, ready to continue but stopped as she saw both her Father and Sherlock.
"Bye" John shouted after her, hearing the door slam behind her. He sighed, turning to Sherlock who's eyes were still filled with worry from the night before, still extremely unsure.
221B was silent, not a single sound airing over the flats, a pin drop could have been heard. The two boys were sat in silence, never had John heard this flat so quiet, even on their off days he would walk in to be greeted with gun shots or some sort of explosion but this time - there was nothing. It was horrible.
"Stop worrying, darling. He'll love you"
"Well, I'm surprised you find love so boring - you are after all, married to Molly" Sherlock quizzed, his eyes focused on his every movement, analysing his every breath "I believe marriage is based on love"
"I suppose that was because I believed it to be true. John, you have to understand something" Sherlock began, standing to his feet now only a mere few inches from John "- I was a stupid, ignorant and pathetic man. I once believed no one had any right to be around me because I was too brilliant. It was you who brought me to life"
"The moan" He nodded.
"Oh John, you're a bloody mess"
"That, well, I suppose I've always thought about it" he admitted, turning his back to John so he didn't have to face his admission.
Sherlock closed his laptop, his eyes gazing between the two before stopping at Rosie "I promise you, I will not let any harm come to your father. You'll see him without even a hair missing from his head"
"Will you stop?" Sherlock physically cringed, his eyes scrunching shut just at the words. Still, it made him turn round. "You do in fact realise that you were the one who kissed me, right?"
"It would seem that Jim's last wish to his brother was that he destroy Sherlock if he hadn't done so already and now he is back, it is only a matter of time before the game begins"
"Do you want me to suck your dick?"
"Dad!" Rosie shouted, pushing through to get to him. "You're finally here. I've heard some great stories about the two of you"
"No, no, it's okay dear. It's a special moment for you and Sherlock, Rosie will want to meet the man who stole her dads heart"
"Yes"
"Jesus, John" Sherlock sighed, his eyes rolling through the frustration "I don't know how else you want me to explain this?"
"Seems about right"
"This is what it feels like, Sherlock. How it feels to be in my shoes, I feel everything they feel and finally, so do you"
"Yeah, it's fine, it's okay. Hey, Sherlock, come here" John said, reaching his hand out.
"Nice, Sherlock" John chuckled "they meant what happens now that the case is over"
"How is she?" Sherlock asked, holding John's hands tighter as they approached them.
"Ah, he's much more sentimental than you think he is" John smiled fondly, reaching a hand out to take Sherlock's, lacing his fingers through his own and leaning against his leg.
"That's not-" John was interrupted by the front door opening before he could carry on with his denial but it didn't refrain from his shock, he knew that Mrs H has always assumed him and Sherlock was an item but he didn't think it went as far as Molly bloody Hopper and Greg.
And just as Sherlock said that, John's phone began to go off repeatedly, the alert of messages and notifications going off one by one.
"This is perfect, beyond perfect" John spoke in near a whisper, reaching his free hand up to grab the back of Sherlock's neck, standing up as he did so their chests were now touching.
"Jesus, what have I brought her into?" John half sighed, half laughed as he leant back on his chair and rubbed his eyes "she's going to go home later thinking my friends are all psycho's"
"John?"
"You're very brave, Doctor Watson"
His hangs flung out in front of him, holding onto the sides of Sherlock's head and only a mere seconds later, his lips had crashed onto his. The feeling was beyond anything he had felt before, a feeling of relief, hope, care and victory all at once. It was as if he had longed for this moment for so long without actually knowing it, to begin Sherlock's body had frozen in spot, like the gesture had been nothing he had hoped for but within seconds, Sherlock lips moulded with John's as they both stood to their feet, his arms wrapped around John's waist, he pulled them together, their chest crashing against each other with nothing but desperation and need.
"Sherlock Holmes, for god sake dad, keep up. Were you even listening to me?"
"Billy Kincaid" He simply replied, taking a sip of his freshly brewed tea.
"Yes, you always tell me, you always have"
Sherlock interrupts "you didn't answer me, why do I always come to you?"
"- before you, I didn't just believe that love was idiotic, I thought friends were too. But you managed to teach me that both were neither as bad as I believed, I found a friend in you first and then somehow without you even realising you taught me that love was also an option that I didn't hate entirely. I had never in my life even thought about relationships or anything of the sort, until you"
As he turned down the street, his heart sank, house by house as he grew nearer he could feel the nerves kick in. He didn't know why, after all, this was once his home. For so many years of his life. And as he parked outside, his eyes gazed up at the tall Victorian house, the numbers 221B standing out like a sore thumb.
"- he argued with them until he was black and blue. I didn't understand it, still don't, but one day mum was sobbing and dad was... he was just a mess and I asked why and that's when I found out that he had killed somebody, not purposely apparently, he had attempted some sort of game with them and eventually they took their own life to get away from him. Nobody could find him, he fled the house and we didn't see him for years, that was until you came around, Mr Holmes, it was like you were his target - he was so fascinated by you. He came home, finally, after all that time and instead of being happy to see us, he spoke only of you, about everything you had done. Mum knew it wasn't good, she rang the police but he was gone again before we could do anything and the next time we saw him was when he was in the paper for 'stealing the crown jewels' and everything after that was about you"
He stopped on the landing, peering in through the door to see Sherlock, his phone still in hand although this time he was just staring at it. He admired him, like he always did, he was such a beautiful man, both inside and out and he couldn't believe how lucky he was to be a part of his life.
"- as much as she
"Okay" he simply agreed.
His eyes were still hooked with Sherlock's, they had never parted and he could see the plea in his eyes, wishing - hoping, that John would finally realise what it was he was trying to say. And the more John fixated on Sherlock's features the more he softened, he watched Sherlock's lips part and close, the way he licked his lips so smoothly and how his teeth would bite down on his bottom lip in anticipation and no, John couldn't understand what Sherlock wanted him to say but he could definitely say he was completely mesmerised by his best friend, at this very moment.
"The real world? What makes you say it like that?" she was quick to judge, the question coming out much harsher.
"Must I do all the work? Am I the only one with a functioning brain?" Sherlock rolled his eyes, walking past the two men and out of the scene "it's simple. This man had applied for a short term loan from his banking society, they declined him due to his recent bankruptcy. He applied multiple times, different branches with different members of the loan team. The once rich man has to struggle with the modern families money difficulties, plus losing his family, he was losing his mind - therefor, after spending an incredible amount of time watching documentaries on revenge killing, he seeked out his revenge - of which, the few men that have lost their lives in the past week"
He smiled to himself.
"Okay, enough" John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose "we don't have time to argue over who's fault it was - Rosie go and get a shower, you have school in half an hour and Sherlock, go and get dressed, you have work"
And Sherlock's hand was much bigger, covering them both, his hand working at such a speed that John was unravelling beneath him. Flustered, sweating and losing himself.
"Sure, have a good day at school"
"Please say something, John. Anything"
"Of course I trust you, you're the only person I'd ever trust with my life" John answered, lifting his head slightly.
Sherlock didn't give her a chance to finish, instead leading a nearly silent John through the hall in a hurried skip, pushing past people with little care. John was still silent, his eyes focusing on Sherlock's hand as he dragged him through and through, he was panicking - he wasn't expecting this, he wasn't ready for this to start again and he most definitely wasn't ready to lose somebody else. Not twelve years later.
"As you keep saying" John rolled his eyes.
The words burned a whole right through John's chest, the pour of emotions and heart break that he felt both from Sherlock's words and himself was something he had never endured before in his life. And it was horrible.
"I know that. It's just, I like to know about it all. Not everyone has an army doctor as a dad, an ex-assassin as a mother and a sociopath for a godfather, you know? It's like something out of a fictional story - I want to know about it all"
"Yes, yes, god yes, please" She quickly answered, standing up instantly and turning to her dad "can I go? Please, please, please"
He rolled his eyes, ignoring every one, noticing how he thought that if Sherlock could see his daughters texting skills how distraught he would be. He placed his phone in his pocket, reaching for his aftershave to spray just a few more times - not like he hadn't sprayed it at least 100 times already - he peered up at the clock again, nervous.
Her eyes widened slightly before she instantly sat up and made her way over to the space beside him, both her and Sherlock were shocked by the gesture - he didn't know he had it in him.
John frowned "What on earth are you doing?" his voice a mere whisper.
"Sherlock. I didn't marry her" John said firmly "How on earth could you expect me to stand up there and marry that woman after you admitted all of that to me? Talking of which, why the fuck would you wait until this morning to admit that all to me? We've known each other for years"
"Must be a normal thing" he huffed in response, shuffling his arms from his jacket and placing it onto the chair behind him "I love her though, dearly. She just winds me up"
"Sherlock, are you nearly ready?" Mrs Hudson shouted, her voice ringing through the halls of 221B "John will be here soon, dear"
"I know it hurts now" Sherlock heard "but, it will be okay, I promise. All of us, at some point, has had to deal with the pain of losing the one we love to someone else. And eventually, all will be forgotten, you will learn to deal with it and once more you will be Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, the iconic duo"
"I took a step backwards and forgot you were there, I attempted to not stand on your head and instead tripped over my own foot"
"Ah, thought as much" John nodded "things are fine actually, more than fine. I'm very content at the moment"
"I can't just calm down, John, it's just - wait, did you just call me
"so, just apply the cream?"
"Not physically" Sherlock shook his head, his eyes scrunching shut once again "I... Look, I am not good with declarations nor am I equipped to open myself to others, this is difficult for me and I'm not sure how to say it"
"The difference between you and John Watson is that he is independent, he has his own mind, he is strong and powerful - you, however, have no mind of your own nor are you powerful, you are simply a copy of your own brothers mistakes, just wanting to live up to him when in reality you shall always be nothing but a little bump in the road, your name never to be heard or seen" Sherlock angrily retorted, his fists clenching as he quickly defended John, his John.
"You're still bitter about that?" She laughed, rolling her eyes at John as as though he was spitting nonsense "John, when will you bloody realise that he did it for you"
"I'm sorry John" Mrs H spoke, alerting John to turn round and look at her "he's been home for months. I had been ringing and ringing but you just never answered my calls"
"Jesus... Sherlock, come here" John spoke through gritted teeth, swatting his hand away much to his own regret. Sherlock immediately did as he was told, hovering over him once more.
"Oh my, is that... no! Surely not" Mrs H spoke, her voice stuttered slightly as she gathered her emotions up "I can't believe it"
Sherlock choked out slightly, adjusting himself and his sweater before he slowly and cautiously walked towards John, his head down as his eyes stayed on the floor. John reached out an inch closer, grabbing Sherlock's hand in his own and pulling him closer until he was stood between John's legs, he laced his fingers through his and smiled softly.
"Know what? No, don't. You're an idiot, you know that?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, again. "You're still here? Why are you here?"
"I'm too old for this" John sighed, rolling his eyes as the doors opened. It was now or never.
"I don't quite understand"
Sherlock opened his lips shortly before closing them again, he thought for a second before he allowed his body to make his words for him - he simply waltzed over to where John was sitting on the sofa, he reached his hands out, his palms resting around John's perfectly sculpted cheek bones before he closed the distance between them, moulding his lips over John's perfectly plumped ones, tasting him, embracing him like it was all the first time.
"I love you too" John grinned into his lips.
It’s good.
“Look, Papa.”
The aluminium is still warm from Sherlock’s hands.
Don’t stop.
“Off and on since Mary died.”
There is an infant’s life in danger, and I would think that you of all people would…”
It will pass if he can just focus…
A little lull in the storm in this chapter.  Figured you could all use a little sweetness and breathing space.
I told you I was going to get a warrant.
He likely wouldn’t have got back to his room until almost eleven, as you say.”
In the end he doesn’t have to.
“I—I thought you were masturbating.”
You always take an extra ten minutes.”
I’ll meet you in there.”
Something about his tone seems to reach it’s mark.
Somewhere a short distance off he can hear children playing (
A rather dangerous indulgence for someone in your profession, is it not?
Sherlock stops breathing.
It seems to help, and after what seems like an eternity, the head of John’s cock finally pushes inside.
The book in question is on his desk, beside his laptop.
He just stands, and looks at himself in the mirror for a few minutes, and breathes.
Sherlock’s eyes slide shut, and then pop open again with a frown, when John’s fingers catch and tug.
Try and get some sleep.
“Not if your bloody doctor orders otherwise.”
Sherlock looks up, meets his gaze.
“It’s not what you think.”
Only so far and no further.
“Rinse your mouth out.”
“And you agree to abide by it.”
And that is something John can understand, appreciate, but they can’t go on that way forever.
John thinks he understands that.
Marco excuses himself, and Sherlock stares over at John as he hurriedly piles a cracker with cheese and tapenade.
You were kissing fire into my skin.”
He would like to kiss him, but he isn’t quite sure what John would think of that.
“You going to go all provincial on me, then?”
I do, but…”
Much as he would love to draw it out, it seems almost a cruelty this first time.
I believe I’ll go take a look at Heidegger’s room.
Sherlock sighs heavily.
“What I said last weekend, all of it was true, but it was mostly because I couldn’t imagine the flat without you, couldn’t bear to remember all the months you weren’t there.
an emotion, and slipping over into something more primal.
“Soft.”
“Mmm.
He used to get us into all sorts of trouble, and still somehow manage to never get us caught.
That’s gorgeous.
“You were all he talked about those couple of months we were—well we were never really together, were we.”
Okay.
It feels like flirting.
“You want the fried or steamed rice with supper?”
“Pull in just here.
It’s alright.
Rocks again, and again, and again, whines when he throbs against his own palm, and then rolls over onto his stomach, scrambles with the sheets, pulls his pillow down against his chest, pushes it down between his thighs, tries not to think too much about why, makes sure not to think of John when he thrusts against it, pumps his hand quicker, slicks the pillowcase with lube and his own pre-come.
But not today.
“Things just get too—big sometimes.
“I’m sorry.”
“John.
There are captions for the video.
If he’s completely honest with himself he’s excited, and more than a little turned on by all the cloak and dagger.
John can hear him just fine, but he motions to his ear anyway.
“John…?”
Perhaps he is having regrets about what happened between them.
“You told him, then?”
#Masturbation, #Panic Attack
“They’re useless.”
Said I look happy.
“Who I am is unimportant.”
It wouldn’t be safe anymore.
I still would.”
The way John is looking at him—it’s flattering, intoxicating, it’s…
“I’m sorry about before, in the kitchen,” he murmurs.
Sherlock lifts a hand from beneath the covers and waves it about in an attempt to encompass all the nonsense John seems to think so necessary to his manhood.
He doesn’t know where he ends and John begins anymore, and it’s the most overwhelmingly perfect sensation he has ever experienced—to be himself and someone else all at once, and to want it, to lose himself in it—wholly, without hesitation, without fear.
“I’d rather have thought the dying to save her life bit would have been enough.”
Sure.
“I know.”
John looks stricken.  “Are you…?  Does it hurt.  I can dial you back up.”
Still—old habits die hard.
“You’re traipsing about the flat in the nude.
And maybe that was a bit me, and maybe that was a bit you, but—all that doesn’t matter now.
These are rather fine.
“Yes.
_______________________________
“Ohhh…
Sherlock huffs indignantly, but he does as he’s told.
John holds up the iPhone he’d got as a hand-me-down from his sister.
Where?”
“Were they happy?”
Sherlock whispers, and John is suddenly and unexpectedly moved.
This is different.
“Fine.
He’s focussed, and only half-engaged.
“Look at me.”
He’s not going to cry, not here, not like this in front of the whole world (or at least the 5K+ followers Sherlock has on his YouTube channel).
Right.
John’s eyes are soft.  He shakes his head.
“Yeah, okay.
Sherlock confirms, and John pats the futon beside him.
You have no idea how much I wanted to…
John sighs.
“No.”
Over time he’s learned to turn a wary eye toward anything or anyone who is overly passionate, but still…
It makes it harder.
Sure.
He avoids his cock, but it’s close enough to be an aching tease, and he sees Sherlock subconsciously rock his hips upward, seeking more touch.
“I know.”
“What happened?”
“You do.
Sherlock’s cock twitches with interest in his hand.
I fail to see your point.”
John looks apologetic when he finally pulls back and sits up.
Sherlock can tell he’s thinking, that there are things he wants to say, and doesn’t know how, and it seems a foolhardy endeavour to try to broach such a conversation now, when they’re on a case and when neither of them can extricate themselves from the situation, should the conversation go—badly.
“There are three hours until nursery pick-up.
“When your brother had you checked out, did they…? Was it just a physical exam, or did they…?”
Hurry up and get dressed!”
following other’s much deeper than is advisable.
All he knows is that when John is gone it aches so much he will do anything to stop the pain.
He can only stare as John continues to pick at the seam of his trousers.
He gets to his feet, and completely ignores Sherlock as he passes, moves on to Arthur who is still clinging to his father.
She seems to drift, and John is almost back to sleep, when she rubs her face over the front of his t-shirt, and pokes him in the chest.
“Sorry,” John murmurs over his shoulder, but Rosie is already crawling over him to see Sherlock.
“Anyway, that’s not why I’m here.”
“There’s no need.
I loved him for it.”
Got the details, and called ahead.
It’s swift, but slowing.
There is a family portrait on the desk, as well, the size of a child’s hand, in an ornate silver frame.
Sherlock’s chest goes tight.
They skip the wine in favour of a local cider, which pairs nicely with the pork.
The sun comes out.
It sounds small, and wet.
“Sorry.”
“Mm?”
John follows in his wake.
The answer stings more than it should.
“Whenever you’re ready,” John assures him.
“It’s fine.”
He did look rather the worse for wear in the end.”
he pulls John tight against his body and starts to thrust in earnest, tries to keep stroking him, and fails.
“I do.”
John huffs into Sherlock’s hair.
“Mind the stitches.”
John grins.
“Yes.
I've increased the chapter total from 10 chapters to 12, because I just don't think I can squeeze what's left into 10 and still allow for enough satisfactory post-case lovin'.
What is nothing but a mild frustration when he is tucked into bed with Sherlock can actually be downright infuriating in day-to-day life, and he has no idea how he will manage to get through the therapy session.
“Yeah?”
“Do you want me to?”
Yeah.
Sherlock nods in acknowledgement and continues.
He could.
“Please.”
True, he expected John to not be particularly keen about handing over his client list, but he doesn’t understand the strength of his reaction.
Of course.
Not going to say no to free food.”
John does just out of spite.
“Better than,” Sherlock somehow manages.
Of course.
That’ll be nice…
I’m meeting with the cuddlist this afternoon.”
“Why?”
Save him.
I’m going to spend Christmas with him.
Sherlock appears in the doorway.
I’ve not taken overnight clients because of that, not up to this point, anyway.
“I suppose.”
Sherlock does.
“Yeah…”
“Someone with news.
“John, I—I’m not really…”
John crawls into bed and shimmies under the covers before he answers.
“Says every addict ever.”
“How’s the wee bab?”
And we have two beds, and another tub we’ve yet to try.”
“Are you asking me if I’ve met your sister?”
He thrusts experimentally.
He’s not really getting the friction he needs like this, and so John figures he should help him along.
“Maybe they drove to the coast and got a boat across the channel?”
lets his hands wander, lets him loosen his belt.
“I—I…
Bed, okay.”
Ella simply leans back in her chair, and looks at him.
He sucks in a sharp breath, lets it out again, and then the corners of his mouth twitch, and he shakes his head, and huffs, and grins.
“Yeah.”
Wilkes stares at him for a minute, and then claps his hands together and gets to his feet.
Found it.
He could drag it out for ages, and there’s something so delicious, so right about keeping himself like this, teetering on the edge.
Sherlock shakes his head over John’s heart.
“You’re bloody well right, I am!”
“It lives in the water, Ro.
“Cue it up for me, then.”
What sounds would John make?
“I’d very much like it to
Sherlock’s stomach flips over and goes sour.
“Thank me?”
“You okay?”
What are we doing?”
John smiles, soft and fond.
“Do it!”  Sherlock barks, and doesn’t even recognise his own voice.  This is something he’s never done before.  Victor had always wanted him to be the one who…
“The more you rest up, the better.
He stares straight ahead, doesn’t even bother to look Sherlock’s way, and Sherlock feels ill, lost, desperate to somehow make it all right, even as he realises that something has been broken irreparably, that things may never be alright between them again.
He is too odd, too cold to be appealing to people in that way.
Thought I’d get something
It comes out a slightly panicked bark.
“Did it ever occur to you that maybe it’s none of your business?”
“Yeah.
“I’m sorry.”
“You should see this tub…”
“Shut up, John!”
He pulls his eyes away, to look up at Sherlock’s face again, only to find that his cheeks have gone florid.
“Makes me sound like an invalid.”
“That’s it.
He whispers, and starts running too.
“They know we’re here.”
I—I don’t know.”
He is predictably belligerent to the paramedics.
“You’re useful in more ways than that, John.
“I imagine you needed it.”
Because it’s getting a bit old now.
You mentioned in your personal session that you’ve been trying to cut back.”
Thai?”
He’s fraying, everything is uncertain and unreal.
I won’t beg.
“Not supposed to see me until we get in there.”
How you can just deduce all that stuff from practically nothing.
He takes little snippets of video there as well, the wind in the bare branches, the ducks on the pond, a caterpillar inexplicably making its way down the newly warmed paths.
And to his surprise Sherlock hands the ring to him, and then holds out his hand, wanting John to do the honours, and John is reminded again of how very big an idiot he’s been to wait so long to do this.
It’s not even surprise.
“What are you doing?”
For two months he had let himself slide down the rabbit hole of frantic, desperate, unchecked lust.
I’ve never crossed that line.”
“There’s no real rush.”
“I don’t know what…”
John rolls his hips, and huffs against Sherlock’s neck, swallows.
John’s lips break away from his, eyes heavy-lidded he nudges at Sherlock’s jaw with his nose, and then dips in to kiss his neck.
“‘Bout time…”
No one’s loved me before.”
I mean everyone's a bit gay, aren't they, but what I mean is, I don't really...  Well, I have a bad habit of
Sherlock holds his gaze, until John looks away.
“I can clean all this up,” he says loudly, motioning to the clutter around them.
“Shh…”
He huffs against Sherlock’s neck at the sound of the moans drifting through the walls, and the loud natter of Mrs. Hudson’s telly, turned up much louder than usual, a floor below.
Does all of that sound okay to you?”
Maybe this time could be different.
Of course James would show up now.
His voice breaks and he stares down at his hands, picks at a hangnail along the side of his thumb.
Should he pop into Speedy’s and grab a coffee and scone as penance?
He’s only a few meters over when someone brushes by him and drops something small and heavy in his pocket.
What’s going on?”
“Crying?”
“Werther is in town.”
“You.
“Unlikely.”
Want to go to bed?”
Now it’s come down to the moment itself, he’s not sure his knees will hold him, and it’s ridiculous, and inexcusable, that, that they have been everything to one another for well over a decade, and this is still that difficult.
We covered a lot.
“Here.”
“Oh.”
“I like it.”
“Right.”
Touch had never been something he’d pursued.
John huffs out a laugh at his own words from earlier being fed back to him, and hugs the pillow to his chest, trying desperately to not imagine Sherlock doing this with someone else—anyone else.
He pants against Sherlock’s neck.
Back before…
John huffs.
She leans in, so he can hear her.
Okay.
He sounds wrecked, so guilty.
I’m sorry.”
John sounding fond, and amused, and smelling—
Sherlock can taste John’s breath, taste the mild cheese, and mushroom, and starch of the risotto he’d had for lunch.
Fine.
He’s going to come home.
It’s raining, and they’re lying in bed with the window cracked just enough to let in a little cool, and the blankets are pulled up over them like a cocoon, and their foreheads are pressed together in the close dark.
I called a minder.
Sherlock watches him slowly deflate.
It seems his dance training is holding him in good stead, that his muscle memory is just as good as John’s, if not better, and after awhile he’s sailing around the ice with a smile of complete abandon and joy on his face, and John thinks he’s never seen anything more beautiful.
Sherlock nods.
He’s shivering all over, cold no doubt, from having left his coat with Arthur, and being so damp from the cave.
, that the fact that Evans is currently lying in that hospital room in serious condition suggests that you have done a spectacularly poor job of handling the situation internally, and may I remind you that the British military has a strict policy against…”
“Which you should have done, Sherlock.
John lets him.
“You don’t know that for sure.”
If I didn’t like it, you mean?
“Jesus, you look like shite, John.”
Sherlock stares down at John’s small, white, trembling finger pressed just below the scar his late wife’s bullet had left.  “It was something about today,” Sherlock explains calmly. “The case. The ambush, maybe.”
“Don’t be stupid.”
He never seems to want to show his face.
John is sitting on the futon with a book and a cup of tea.
One more way of learning to disappear, Sherlock wonders?
“I don’t know where to start?
“I forgive you,” he whispers when he pulls away.
“Oh Jesus…
Sherlock slides up in the tub, tries to cross his legs, and then gives up when he realises the tub is too narrow.
John can tell by the way he shifts a little, slides his fingers down John’s spine, until they stop, hovering in the dip of John’s spine, waiting, waiting for John to tell him, show him what he wants.
He should just stop replying to them now.
You know I’d do anything for Rosie.”
The cafe is nothing special, red and dirty white checkered floor, walls a bright, but rather non-nondescript green, but it’s between breakfast and lunch, so it’s not overly crowded, relatively quiet.
“Hey.”
He stares at the screen.
He wants to take it slowly.
He lifts his head, stares down the length of his own body and sees John smiling up at him, mouth pink and swollen, hair askew, cheek flushed, as he sits back on his heels.
After a moment, he brings a hand to his eyes.
You always do your best.
He sits and takes notes of what their clients say.
“‘Cause he took a piss in the fireplace?”
Thanks.”
It’s a doctor’s eye, assessing, diagnosing.
John frowns.
“Is that a yes?”
“Fine.”
John instantly feels the loss of it.
I was at the police station, and I saw it.”
You shouldn’t have involved him.
You say this Moriarty person mentioned me?”
You have nothing to worry about.”
Sherlock nods.
John can breathe again.
John has pushed him back and pinned him to the wall before he even registers moving.
He’s not—he’s not been himself since you left, and he’s been worse since we got word.
Though I was going to lose you again, not get the chance to…”
“Good…
However, it isn’t sustainable longterm.
John can hear him walking slowly up behind him.
John continues his ministrations until a small wet spot begins to form at the front of Sherlock’s pants, and Sherlock is all but trembling.
Course not.
Sherlock looks up at the camera, desperate.
Sherlock is already in bed, sheets pulled all the way up to his nose, when John gets back from taking his meds.
“Oh yeah.
He’s not fully hard yet, not even close, but it’s so intimate, so careful, so tender…
John looks up and meets Sherlock’s eyes, and he wonders how Sherlock is managing it, all this sensation, and eye-contact too.
John frowns and Sherlock chuckles.
I was worried.”
“Yeah?
He really shouldn’t given all the nonsense that’s been texted to him of late.
You know my only interest in her is intellectual, companionable at the very most.
The steady glide of Sherlock’s hand speeds up for a moment, a gasp, a soft grunt, a surge of slick heat spilling down to slick them both, and Sherlock’s encouragement coming in panting, breathless sighs, but the smooth motion of his hand resumes again after a moment, steady, sure, safe.
“Yes.”
“He was with someone?”
Sherlock swallows, stuffs his hands in his pockets, and toes at a scuff in the hardwood.
It’s good.
There are extra blankets.”
“I’m not the soft and fuzzy type, you know.”
Drops his violin from his jaw, and stands staring at John with a look he can’t interpret writ all over his face.
Ella looks as calm and collected as ever.
“Suit yourself.”
A distinction which means little to me, but is clearly important to you.
I’d hurt you when I left.
Sherlock gets up, and follows in John’s wake.
There’s a kind of comfort and relief in that.
You’re telling the truth?
There’s a fondness to it, a softness that Sherlock doesn’t expect, and it washes over him with a comforting warmth.
Thought I’d give it to you and you could give it to her.”
“It will set a baseline.
He hadn’t meant to keep Mycroft’s contacting him a secret.
“Would you like me to hire someone?”
“You didn’t have to come looking for me.”
Someone needs to make a move.”
panting and moaning his name, over and over, like some sort of mantra, and John can feel it coiling tighter, and tighter, his hand a blur over his cock, and Sherlock thrashing about on the bed, like he must be nearing his own climax, but that can’t possibly be, because…
And the other bit was what?
He flings an arm over his eyes.
“These sessions are your time, John.
His hands are shaking, he stuffs them under his thighs, sees John glance over at him out of the corner of his eye, a slight wrinkle forming at his brow.
Perhaps he spares Sherlock a thought now and again.
Fortunately there was something to break my fall.
Itching for a fight, maybe?
It makes me think, in weaker moments, that perhaps there is some perfect order to everything after all, some master plan, some universal goodness…”
“Yeah.”
“Come back to the flat?”
“Yeah, I said it before.
“I love you!
“John, I should tell you again…”
Just in regards to you and the cuddling.
Thought this was some old family, lots of money, blah, blah, blah.
Keep him.
What if we go some place quieter?
“You can lay your head on my shoulder, if you like.”
“Better and better.”
“Not at that age, for heaven’s sake.”
“Car!!”
“Can I ask you something?”
Sherlock scoots back as far as he can go, giving John room to lower himself into the fragrant froth, and John does, settling into the V of Sherlock’s legs and sitting there, somewhat stiff.
“Yes.”
Sherlock understands.
No frame of reference now, have I.
John huffs.
“Aww, Greg…”
It allows Sherlock to sit back, and listen.
“Vatican Cameos,” John says without thinking.
“Mmm?”
“I didn’t have my usual—things.
“What if you accepting ‘enough’ isn’t enough for me?”
He finally looks up.
John has one hand flung above his head.  His eyes are closed. His face flushed. “Sorry,” he whispers and cracks one eye open.  “Sorry. Just—give me a few and we can do that again.”
Something Sherlock has been practicing or composing for a long time, then.
He wishes they were in a different position, that he was an at angle where he could easily tease at Sherlock’s prostate.
And when John’s eyes slide shut at the touch.
John is being a bit much, and he knows it, but he’s irritated now, and not quite sure why.
Fed through the house’s ventilation system or some equally efficient means.”
He gets himself settled, puts on his headphones and unpauses the video.
And then it’s quiet.
John shakes his head.
The pairing of the auditory and visual seems to overwhelm him quite quickly.
So, Hayes possibly killed Heidegger, but why?
“I know I blamed you for a lot of things for a long time when you came back, and I know that made you feel like you had a lot to make up for.
Do I want to know how you have your phone?
Did you notice that?”
Sherlock grins, and John laughs.
He isn’t.
I think he probably knew it before I did.”
This!
He takes a sip of whiskey from the glass at his side, and opens up YouTube, does a search.
Was it a step too far?
Heaven knows when we’ll get the opportunity again.”
“Second Lieutenant,” the man corrects.
“Shhh..”
Sherlock presses in, slowly, as deep as he thinks can possibly be comfortable, and John doesn’t look away for a moment, not even when his mouth drops open, and his breath starts coming in quick pants, and his body grows impossibly warm against Sherlock’s.
“Of course.”
Sherlock nods.
“It was taken care of.”
Sherlock searches his eyes, sees things there he doesn’t understand.
“So, you missed me, eh?”
“Yes, I thought so.”
John is looking into his eyes, hands already sliding around his back, down over the rise of his arse.
Sherlock sounds almost embarrassed to ask.
John’s tongue darts out, lingers on his bottom lip, and Sherlock’s eyes naturally follow.
“Right.”
John does, and after a moment his phone starts to buzz in his hand with a series of incoming texts.
He says when John straightens up again.
He stares down at his near empty plate.
This time, Sherlock takes him easily, and John starts to slide in and out of him in rhythm with Sherlock’s wanking.
He gets no response.
“I didn’t hurt you?”
“I do adore your funny little head.”
“It starting to wear off?”
Sherlock calling.
John is alone in this venture, because the posh git decided to swan off to Christ knows where just as they arrived at Queen Elizabeth hospital.
John’s form disappears around the corner at the end of the street.
It needn’t come up again.”
The fire in the stove is lit, and the whole kitchen and lounge smell like freshly brewed coffee by the time Sherlock comes downstairs with Rosie.
None have proper titles, just dates, and a series of numbers afterwards, that John can’t make head nor tails of.
He’s been holding his breath his whole life, and now suddenly, here he is, here they are, and Sherlock’s giving him back everything he never knew he’d lost, because he’d never even known he could have it.
It was—pleasant.
He has no text, no note from John, no indication if he will come at all.
“Hey.”
“John, the session is over.
“I’m not sure I’ll have to.
Listen, wasn’t I supposed to surprise you.
“Was it the thing with the condom packet?
“I see.
“On.”
It’s…”
John’s cheeks heat.
When he looks back up, John’s eyes are on him.
When the downs come we will address them, but for now enjoy yourselves.”
“Do you know what software you’ll be using?”
Rather selfishly, he hopes so.
Later Sherlock goes down to see if Mrs. Hudson needs anything before her sister arrives later in the day, while John packs their overnight bags.
“We’re going inside.”
And I know he must have felt me starting to…
“Alright.”
It’s nothing.
“Don’t forget we have two old ladies across the hall from us.”
He looks up from his hands.
“But it does mean we have the next two days entirely to ourselves.
“What’s the difference?”
“Yes, you?
He remembers all the nights Victor had shared his bed after that.
“It’s cold.
“Yes.”
Sherlock smiles.  “Do you?”
Fine.
Sherlock dips his head down and buries his face in John’s neck.
Right.
It’s slow progress, but Sherlock thinks he could go on this way for some time before he would ever start to crave something more.
It’s not rough, but it’s forceful enough to hold him in place.
Do you have any issues with touch that you would like me to know up front?
A video call?
He snatches it up, before Sherlock can.
“You were there.
He stares down at him in the shadows.
Wanna hear you.”
The one in the park?”
But John’s name is there, in the back of his throat, on the tip of his tongue, laced through every panting breath, every desperate whimper.
He pulls the drawer of his desk open and stares down at it, beside it is the scrap of paper Mike had given him the day before.
Just a little Halloween something.  It was going to be fluff, but it ended up getting a bit creepy in the middle.  Warning for the #ghosts of gays past, #possession, and #John Watson being a badass who would do anything, including going head-to-head with a ghost, to protect the man he loves.
He huffs and turns away.
“No, no, no.
John gives him a wink, and delights at the colour it brings to Sherlock’s cheeks, is satisfied with the loud pop, and the way the contents tumble to the floor (
And they do.
He stops short, swallows.
Keeps us up sometimes.
First person I ever…”
He sways once before righting himself and then heads for the loo.
Sherlock feels caught out.
Sherlock fights the urge to roll his eyes, and tries to deduce if this is more of John’s wilful ignorance, or if he’s sincerely just missed the point.
“Do you?”
It puts Sherlock in a foul mood, because they wasted a better part of a day with no progress (save John’s suggestion on where to start the next day), and with the headmaster already champing at the bit it’s an unpleasant thing to have to tell him they’ve come up short.
She’s dead.
Wait and see.
We’re going back to the kitchens.
John just shrugs, and sets another log on the chopping block.
Sherlock motions for John to go ahead of him up the stairs, and when they reach the top, Sherlock sets John’s bag down, and leans in close.
John sighs.
As long as they’re still friends and…
“More?”
“And because you never wanted me.
And so they sit like that, John’s thumb sweeping in slow crescents over Sherlock’s skin, occasionally punctuating the touch with a slight squeeze.
You draw words on the person’s back, and they try to guess what you’re writing.”
Let’s take our time.”
There’s a bottle of B-Complex vitamins on the counter by the sink that weren’t there before.
“Okay.”
“It’s different when it’s actually with another person, you know.
She frowns.
Sherlock’s thighs tighten around his and he moans.
“It’s fine.”
“Just mean that I assume this is for your channel, and I’m not sure the world wants to see us snogging for an hour.”
The slight hitch in his step appears when John is feeling lost and vulnerable.
Always that sense of humour.
And Mycroft looks to John again, sizing him up, assuming, Sherlock guesses, that it is all John’s doing.
“Actually.
“What happened?”
Pickings have been meagre, and he’s felt too distracted to dissemble the details enough to pick something of quality.
“Your constant self-flagellation is getting a bit waring.”
“It’s been awhile since I’ve talked to anyone about anything, and…
He doesn’t want Mrs. Hudson to know he’s back.
The rather appropriately named Mort, simply raises a trembling hand to his lips, and chews at the hangnail on his thumb.
And then John is kissing him again, hands braced either side of his head, thighs clenched tight against his hips, as he kisses, and kisses, and kisses him.
Science.
He’s tracing a finger over his chest now, staring down at the buttons of his shirt, like he’s contemplating loosing them.
And now I’ll ask
“I’ll go fetch her.”
John looks up at the sound of the door, and rolls his eyes.
“Well spotted, Doctor.”
“Good.”
My fault for dropping it.”
It bothers him.
Sherlock gasps, and John’s eyes snap up.
“First, we both make lists of things we want to try.”
We’ll leave tomorrow.”
It wouldn’t take Sherlock Holmes to deduce his girlfriend Barbara, in first year, or Beth in second, or what’s’-her-name in third.
Before she shot you.
I’m not a child, John.”
Was a bit disappointed when you hung up, to be honest.”
“Shit.”
They reach the end of the village’s tiny excuse for a high street where the finer gravel of the village road dissolves into coarse gravel and dirt.
He opens to sea glass irises framed by inky lashes.
“Yes, well, if you two are quite finished.”
“Please.”
“What?
“Then come and keep me company.”
The radiator clanks across the room just as a breeze kicks up outside.
The screen goes black.
“I’ve not forgotten.”
“Are you sure?”
“The past is past, John.”
Two years.
And John does get better—physically at least.  His leg heals. His cast is removed leaving his leg aching and weak.  He has good days, and bad days, but on the good ones he allows Sherlock to help him with the exercises the physical therapist, an old friend of Sherlock’s mother, suggested.  He goes out for walks. Often he can only make it a short distance down the gravel drive, but over time, he manages to go further, and further, until after several months he is walking almost as well as he did before, with the exception of a slight limp whenever the weather turns.
We shouldn’t talk in the open.”
Sherlock sighs again.
A single tear rolls over and clings to the tip of one of John’s lashes.
He can feel Sherlock smiling, and he huffs in response.
“Has it been in the past?”
There’s a small kitchenette, too, and the doctor is there now, preparing tea, it seems.
, has just lobbed a snowball at him.
Sherlock holds up one rather battered copy of “A Christmas Carol” with Alistair Sim.
“Hey…  You okay?”
Nothing more than a means to an end.
He hears the door shut downstairs.
Disappointing.
You missed the first one.
He nods.
Or have changed?”
It hums against his scalp, soothing and calm.
But apparently not.
Perhaps he’s cooked something or made tea.
“Yes.”
“We were both rather fascinated with pirates.
John shakes his head and stares down at his hand sheltered in Sherlock’s.
He’s built his masks well.
“Yeah?”
“Today was perfect.”
One page has been bookmarked, and pressed between it is a boarding pass from Dalian DLC to London LHR on Zhuang Airlines.
“Mm?”
“Did you really come all the way over here just to find out what I was saying about you?”
It’s a rather long tube ride, but it’s nice to get out my neighbourhood, someplace fresh, where I don’t have to think about things.
“Right.
“I don’t expect miracles,” he states tightly.
It’s a miserable, damp, slate grey day, with little punctuations of early spring green racing by outside the train window in a mottled blur.
“Tell me,” Sherlock whines.
John arches a brow and watches his progress, admiring the view, and then feeling a little guilty for doing so, given Sherlock’s condition.
If Jack’s returned to the house and his father hasn’t returned from town, he shouldn’t be alone with his step-mother, or the baby.”
“Well then, it’s a good thing you won’t ever need to be without me, isn’t it.”
He doesn’t want 221b Baker Street to be nothing more than rest stop John returns to on his journeys between women.
“It’s okay.
The room goes quiet.
Holdernesse smoothes a hand over the boy’s head.
John grins.  He rolls over and watches as Sherlock’s eyes move beneath his closed lids.  His hair is a riot, his cheeks flushed and warm with sleep, mouth lax like a wilted bow.  “That right?  I thought for sure it was that Sanders woman.”
The corner of John’s mouth lifts in a momentary, sad smile.
“You missed me?”
“I was serious.
“It was late in the first term that he first slipped into my room at night.”
“Glad we could make this work for you.”
“Her wife is a very silly woman, with a level of scruples one could hardly imagine given her line of work.
“You know what I’m talking about.”
Sherlock brings his lube-slick fingers around, and teases the edges.  John is stretched wide, and he flutters around Sherlock’s fingers, as Sherlock slides two in, slowly, carefully.  John presses back against his hand, taking Sherlock in deeper and moans again.
“Ro’s likely to be in high dudgeon because she has to go without us twice in one day, but that’ll be the minder’s problem.
“Anyone with eyes could see it.”
“It?”
“Okay.
Ella’s pen hovers over her notepad.
Was hoping maybe you’d have some better ideas.”
“You going to tell me?”
And Sherlock must hear it, because his face goes even more scarlet.
“Are you touch averse?”
You okay?”
His leg is killing him.
Fantastic.
“Sit.”
I get it, you’re a consulting detective, you work with the police sometimes, you’ve been called in on this Serial Suicides case that isn’t suicides, but actually murders.
“Not true.”
He takes one down, and walks over to fill it with water from the sink.
“Mm?”
The afternoon stretches out into an agonising monotony of waiting.
To John’s great relief Sherlock kisses back with a gasp and a sigh exhaled slowly through his nose, as he opens to John, let’s him deepen the kiss.  The relief washes over Sherlock’s body like a wave, all the tension of a moment before disappearing as John slides closer, twines their naked limbs.
You’ll definitely need the larger size.”
If—if I may.”
“I didn’t want her, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s lips part, like maybe he’s going to say something, but then he presses them closed again.
“Yes.
Think you can manage us both?”
“You’re a marvel.”
You’d tell me if we were doing things that—I don’t know—made you uncomfortable?”
He shivers again, completely involuntary.
He would be perfectly content to die here, he thinks, in this small country inn, surrounded by gaudy chintz, soft birdsong outside the window, and the sound of Sherlock hurriedly washing up in the next room.
Sherlock, they’re not going to just talk to me.
“Yes.
Tell him to send a doctor.”
Okay.
He doesn’t want to.
John licks his lips and swallows dryly.
“You’ve met me at a—not so great time.
John cups the mug in his hands.
He returns his attention to Sherlock.
He stands a little straighter, coils tight, instantly hyper-alert.
Could do mushroom risotto with chicken, and some veg, or could do shepherd’s pie.
John tries even harder to look innocent and fails, and Sherlock has to fight hard to suppress a smile.
John sounds impossibly young and slightly ashamed of himself, and Sherlock doesn’t want that.
Mrs. Hudson must be out.
There’s something different about him, Sherlock realises, a lightness, a lack of inhibition and self-consciousness that Sherlock can’t ever recall seeing in him before.
I liked hearing you.
It simply takes him, and he lets it.
“Why did he take an interest in me?”
John gets back up to his flat, pours himself a glass of whiskey, and realises with a jolt that he has no phone.
“Alright.”
He jerks his chin toward it, when Sherlock looks to offer it to one of their guests, and Sherlock cocks a brow but obediently sits where he’s bade.
Useless.
John’s nose nudges gently at his, and then his lips press to Sherlock’s, warm, and dry, and infinitely tender, and Sherlock feels a heavy sort of calm settle over him at the caress, like his limbs have gone to jelly and his flesh to liquid.
He doesn’t want to do this, not again.
“Mmm.”
He sighs.
He stops at the entry to the kitchen and leans against the jamb.
“The truth?”
Where’s Rosie?”
“For what?”
“I’m sure.
He lets Sherlock fill in the empty places, bridge the gaps.
I don’t know.
He picks up the pace, rocking his hips to press his cock through the tight ring of his own hand, John’s tongue breeching him every time he rocks back.
His eyes soften.
He hasn’t slept well in months.
He ruffles Sherlock’s curls.
“Listen, I um, I called Ella today.”
Rachel?
Sherlock thinks about it.
Sherlock looks up again.
“Come on holiday with me.”
I’ll just…”
Thought you were just this side of legal.
“Yeah?”
It’s early, new.
Alright.
Sherlock chuckles.  “As I said.  Bath, I think.”
“I’ve always been yours.
“Feels good.
“I know.
When John gets up to get a fourth, Sherlock follows after him, and puts the kettle on.
Sherlock has started to whinge a bit because John won’t tell him where they are going.
“Fine.”
John snorts out a wet laugh and realises he’s crying.
He looks up at the window of the flat as they pull away from the kerb.
He should have gone to bed, got the lube.
I get a bit tired of always being mother, you know.”
John sucks in a trembling breath, and some of the colour returns to his cheeks.
You care deeply for John, and the two of you lived together, shared a life for a year and a half.
Sherlock lets his eyes slide shut, and builds a new room in his mind palace, specifically for all things John.
“Yeah, yeah, I…
“What about the Adler business?”
If anyone will be over the moon as much as they are, it will be Mrs. Hudson.
You’ve had a heavy burden to bear.
Sherlock’s mouth opens and closes in quick succession.
“Mm?”
I don’t know what else to do.
“I’ve told you why I use.
In his wildest dreams he never could have guessed that John would want this, and certainly not so soon.
“It will serve her well in this household, Mrs. Hudson’s unabating social enthusiasm not withstanding.”
“It’s a secret,” she finally says after looking her fill.
But it will keep him under a roof, and fed for a couple more months beyond that, if he’s careful.
“You think he’s gone there?!”
John sounds breathless.
Was it the nightmares?
“Mm, it’s happened to me on occasion.
“It’s not what you’re thinking.”
And when Sherlock only stares down at the floor.
He smells like Sherlock, and that one, small fact causes something bright and hot to flare up in Sherlock’s centre.
John gets up and goes to stand by the window.
#Implied/Referenced Child Abuse, #Anxiety, #Depression
“Um, yeah, I guess.
You will answer any questions they might have to the best of your ability.
dying…
I stayed in London for 10 weeks to recover before being shipped off to the Continent.”
There’s an honesty, threaded through with a twinge of sadness to it that twists up under Sherlock’s heart like thorn.
John pops the tomato in his mouth, and nods.
He looks down at the neatly folded pile of John’s cotton pants in his left hand, and the stack of his own silk-cotton blend ones in his right.
“Then you know why.”
“‘M not!”
“Good.
“I need you to help me, here.
“You’re mad.”
John’s breath wafts against his chest through the thin cotton of his shirt.
Exhausted, but relatively calm.
It’s easy money, to be frank.”
John’s fingers dig into his shoulder and the back of his neck.
One week after the day he came back to John, Sherlock sends an email; an old friend who owes him a favour.
Sherlock reaches up to touch John’s face, to feel the heat of his flushed, damp cheeks, the race of his pulse at his neck.
“I love you,” John murmurs wetly.
“Yes.”
John strolls into the kitchen, and nods toward the kitchen table.
“You’ve done an excellent job, Watson.
“What big things?”
He gets no response.
“Listen, I’m sorry about everything the last few weeks.
John rolls his eyes as Sherlock darts from the cab in the middle of traffic, scrambles around in his billfold for some cash, which he tosses at the cabbie, and then follows after him.
“Who’s askin’?”
He thinks about large hands buried in fur.
It’s time to wake up.”
For the first time in decades he finds himself wondering what sex must be like.
He nods, and holds his wrists out again.
Detective.”
“That the truth?”
“Sir, Evans engaged us to…”
When he sets his glass down again, his foot returns to it’s place beside Sherlock’s.
It comes out sounding much shorter than he’d intended, and he sees Sherlock’s eyes flick up and then down again.
determine
You did your best.
Sleep for awhile, okay.
She recommended this '
There’s still a chance that the boy has just run off in an attempt to contact his mother.
He lets go the iron grip he has the bench.
It’s a risk, but one he’s willing to take.
We informed the police of that fact before coming here, but if they are as slow with Heidegger’s murder investigation as they were with your son’s disappearance, then it is possible they have not yet made an arrest.
John isn’t sure he’s gotten any better at talking about things, but he knows he can, now.
Slightly jealous, even of ghosts.
Nothing happened.
Sherlock feels his cheeks colour.
Sherlock has no intention of stopping.
A small sound escapes Sherlock’s throat.
He pushes from his mind the fact that he knows how this always goes, and all the reasons it’s a bad idea, and how he’d sworn, SWORN, the last time that he was tired of the collateral damage, and he was a better bloke than that, and he would never, ever, let himself go down this road again. He just pushes it all down (
Sherlock is surprised at how affected he is, how his lust seems to feed off of John’s, and John’s off of his, a surging, heated ouroboros of desire.
John cracks one eye open.
Not this.
“Chinese.
John’s brows lift, and he chuckles.
I—I got distracted, and by the time I got back, she…”
Why?”
“You can stop.”
Sherlock barks.
When I was eight and Harry was ten she would pull stuff out of the skip behind the grocers for our lunches on the way to school.
It’s wonderful, the weight and warmth of John’s body pressed against his, the way John is moving in small, subtle ways, easing his body into a perfect fit against Sherlock’s, sliding down to adjust for their mismatched heights, until his head is tucked under Sherlock’s chin, nose and lips nestled against Sherlock’s clavicle, and he settles—fully—every last ounce of tension draining from his body in a deep sigh.
I—I want, and I can’t, and…”
Ella encourages.
John is standing beside him, holding out a steaming mug.
“Eat.
I can’t be what you need, be what you deserve for me to be.
Not like the kinds that cause real pain—or death.
Perhaps she might have something interesting in.
John swallows tightly, his hand balling into a fist against his thigh.
John pauses again, and tries to take in as many details as possible.
“I had a gun, and I put the stuff in the diffuser, and I went back out the window, shut it, and sat on the roof, and watched him die.
“There is nothing to apologise for.”
Daddy has to go back to work, and I still owe you a trip to the zoo.
Well, I’ve not got much of a set up, and I might be an utter failure at it, but if you ever wanted me to try my hand at it, I could try to make you a video.
There a kitchen?”
I think you should come back over here.”
John slides back in close and Sherlock feels the whisper of John’s cock against his.
“The truth.
John winks and waggles a brow, and that’s what does it.
Sherlock.”
“Yes.
John looks down at his phone.
“Sore?”
“Then stop hovering in the doorway like some sort of vampire, and come in.”
“Seems like maybe I did.”
“Are you telling me the truth?”
“Because you didn’t want to fuck?”
John scrambles off of him and strips even as Sherlock does the same, wiggling out of his clothing and tossing it somewhere, anywhere, and then John is crawling back on top of him again, his cock standing thick and twitching against his belly, and Sherlock pulls him down, and crushes their mouths together, and feels like he’s falling and flying all at once.
“Ah well, yes, I do suppose you need to eat.
Should I tell you another?”
“Such as your safety.”
He said he was going to get breakfast.
“It’s okay.
“I have several.
What if in the moment you can’t say it, mm?
It’s swiftly becoming one of John’s favourite things.
“I’ve told you.
“What?”
It’s most likely small, personal.
Sorry.”
“John, obviously there is no obligation.  If this was all a mis…”
John finally says.
It’s who I am.
“I won’t punish you.”
Sherlock rolls over and curls in tight, pulls John against him, and tangles their limbs.
Sherlock calling of his own volition.
Janine pulls a face at him, and then grins before taking another sip of tea.
“My fault.
It’s not even been a year since Mary…”
He looks anxious in all the ways a person can be, but he nods anyway, in true Watson fashion.
It’s an oddly intimate admission, John’s eyes drop again, the moment the words are out of his mouth.
“I want to treat you right—the way you deserve.”
He sucks in a breath and lets it out again, slow and weary.
Sherlock closes his eyes and sighs.
“And my bedroom.”
“Remarkable considering how stupid you are.
His cheeks are hot.
“Yeah.”
“When you died, I—I couldn’t stop thinking about all the things I almost told you and didn’t.
“Was meant to be for my grandson, Clive.
“Christ Sherlock, you’re…”
John’s grin widens.  “Yeah. She does.”
Sherlock’s head snaps around before he can stop himself, and he berates himself for being so obvious, but Ella sits back a little in her chair, takes up her notepad, and looks every bit as surprised.
It clear he has a raging headache.
He sounds petulant, even to his own ears, and it irritates him.
“Christ, it felt like your hands on my skin.
John’s tongue withdraws, only to plunge deep again, and again until Sherlock’s legs are shaking, toes curling against the carpet, while sweat and what he vaguely registers must be John’s saliva is running down his thighs.
When he pulls back this time, he presses a second finger to Sherlock’s rim.
“This is what I’ve dreamed of doing,” John murmurs and presses another kiss a little higher up the inside of his thigh.
Very.”
Sherlock nods.
Yeah.
Maybe—maybe we don’t have to name it just yet, yeah?”
“Yes.”
So no one else but Wilder and the postman or courier would have touched the letter you sent to Arthur?”
He knows, but…
He looks all of four years old.
Okay.
It covers iMovie for phone, iPad and Mac.
“You don’t know?”
It’s soft, and travels all the way to his still wet eyes, and releases a tension in Sherlock’s chest that he didn’t even know had been there.
John lets out the breath he didn’t even realise he’d been holding with a huff.
John looks up.
It’s punishment for a crime solved too late, and a client poisoned and in a coma.
He doesn’t move.
When he leaves the sentence hanging, Ella writes something in notepad in her lap, and then looks up again.
“You don’t have to tell me, and maybe abuse isn’t even the right word, I just…
“John, look at me.”
I just can’t piece it together.”
I can’t possibly ask you to pay her way through school.
“You and Rosie?”
He goes and sits on the closed lid of the toilet and wills the cold porcelain to work its magic.
Sherlock’s eyes spill over.
Okay.”
“Wilder says Holdernesse wants to see us.
“H—hand.
I want to, but…
He wanders toward the front, and the study he’d seen on his way in the day before.
He smiles.
John murmurs.
Sherlock feels a twinge of…
Mind heating up some soup?”
John just smiles and dives back into the box.
Sherlock is a terror.
You know I don’t care about things like that.”
Sherlock replies, and gives him one of those looks that makes him feel like there is no one else in the world but the two of them, for just a moment.
John’s hand strokes down his arm.
“Haven’t.”
When John looks up again, he almost looks angry.
Wtf?!
“This better not be drugged.”
Actually, he’s not sure he’s done this since uni.
“Okay.
In an instant everything narrows down to the sharp pull of it.
“Because of what people will think.”
“Better?”
He calls.
It is, he thinks, one of the most enjoyable mornings he can remember spending with Sherlock, in a very long time.
“You want me to masturbate on you?”
“You angry.”
Too much excitement.”
John finishes his second scotch and refills the glass.
“Mm, me too.
John nods.
Sherlock stops short at the sight of two overturned and buried hives.
He doesn’t say ‘no’.
Had been wondering if you still wanted to do cases together.
“A lunch
You’re serious?
Mrs. Roundhay brought us some things from the shops.”
Every muscle in John’s body is taut, and his cock is hot, and full, and twitching against Sherlock’s tongue, and Sherlock wants him to let go, just to let go for goodness sake!
But then he had learned the truth, that it wasn’t him at all who was causing Victor to slowly but surely shrink inside himself.
“Possibly.”
Want to what?
“Be careful if I start dreaming.”
Necessity.
“Not sure I can walk at the moment.”
“I do.
“Sorry about your shirt.”
Sherlock has been many things throughout his life.
It’s soft, and fond, and achingly tender.
“John, I…”
“Go be with her.
The heat of the sun on his skin, sometimes almost unbearable heat, the kind that makes you heady and lethargic, and requires you to drink litres of water just to function.
“Good.”
He braces his hands against the counter, white-knuckled.
Of course there is always an element of that when you are tracking down criminals, but this Moriarty situation is something so far beyond…”
The cold surprises you.
“You don’t get it, do you.
John says after a very long while.
Sherlock, I’m sorry.”
Rose wrinkles her nose.
“Yeah?”
It’s—it’s not easy for me, this kind of stuff, and I need to—I need you to hear me.”
Of course I let him crawl under the covers with me.
She declares.
Necessary, I’m afraid.
“He was in one of his moods.
So many things pass over John’s face in that moment, that Sherlock is unable to read it at all.
“I don’t do that.”
“Do you like it, then?”
He’ll call the minder, and pay the overtime.
Ella sits in silence, waiting for him to begin, he supposes.
His voice is ragged when he finally replies.
I think they are hungry for a sympathetic ear as much as the touch.
Sherlock’s eyes meet John’s.
“Only if you want to, Sherlock.
John asks, because he doesn’t know what else to say.
John’s voice is rough and raw, but gentle and sure all the same.
He smiles at her reflection.
Her eyes flit briefly to John, and back again.
He’s never wanted anything more, and he thinks, for a brief moment, that he should be ashamed of wanting this, wanting to lay himself down, lay himself bare, wanting to give over, give in, submit wholly and completely, but he isn’t, he realises.
We can go slow, or we can—
He speeds up his hand instead, let’s the heat pool low in his belly, fill him up until he wonders if he could die from it, just this, right here, this peaking surge of pleasure just before he breaks, so tight and full, so pure and absolutely, fucking beautiful.
It should be hard, that, allowing himself this, but it isn’t.
“And I like caring for you, too,” Sherlock continues.
“Yeah?”
There is a ridiculous amount of traffic as they turn onto Praed Street, and John leans forward to address their cabbie.
“You were this bright light when my life was so dark I wasn’t sure I wanted to keep on going.
The press have caught wind.
“Sorry about this morning.
Stay there.
After a few overnight sessions, I figured that holding someone while they slept was something I could do just as well as anyone else.
He’ll not post them if he does, and he still doesn’t know how to edit them.
And just what is it you think I’m thinking?”
John nods.
I want to know how.
But even so, it’s been a valiant attempt, and he still looks striking, his hair brilliant silver in the bright afternoon light.
He has no control over how this will go.
Sherlock’s hands are still cupped around John’s arse, and he squeezes hard, without thinking, and then moans when John tightens around him, feels almost like he might pull him deeper still, which is impossible at this point, quite impossible.
In what capacity…
“And I’ve done a little bit of this sort of thing, but not this in particular.”
Alright.
He must sleep, because when he opens his eyes again, it’s to John trying to shift off the sofa beneath him.
He puts the empty cup back down on the tea table.
He squeezes the last of the water from his curls with a towel, and is just slipping back into his trousers when there is a soft knock at the door.
It’s that mostly.
Lestrade has that.
“Hey.
“Oh?”
“I see.”
He’s angry.
“I can’t lose you again.
Figured it was my turn.”
RACHE?
It was Sherlock who had broken that ice first, when he had asked nervously, one night, cheeks flaming, if John would touch him, and when John had responded with his usual flirtatious banter, Sherlock’s cheeks had flamed brighter still, and he had shaken his head, and replied in less than a whisper.
Well, you know, I thought—first case: A Study in Pink.
“Sounds more like a commitment.”
“Jesus.”
Heidegger had a German accent, apparently.
His calf tilting in further, to press against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock has to take a slow, quiet breath to calm the beating of heart.
“Well done.”
Sherlock focuses on making the tea.
You’re everything to me.”
“Do you trust me?”
“I promise.
It’s too early for this.
John thinks.
“I never even pressed record.”
“But you’ll want sex.”
“Mmm…?”
“Good.”
“It wasn’t your fault, okay.”
My life was not my own to toss away.
Whispered like a mantra on trembling breath.
“I know.
“And now that she finds herself backed into a corner, you can be sure that she will go to any means necessary to ensure the outcome she desires.”
And John finally tears his eyes from the ceiling to glance over at him.
And when you left, I—I blamed myself for all the things—I never said.”
He’s put in his time.
You know that, right?”
He’s absolutely starving.
He flops down into the plastic chair beside Sherlock’s bed.
“Mmm.
“Couldn’t sleep.
Sherlock has rolled that confession over and over in his brain since it dropped from John’s lips two nights prior.
“Well, ta.”
Sherlock pouts, and John laughs, and pushes up on his toes to kiss the corner of his mouth before heading for the stairs.
Find it, and we’ll pay—five figures.”
again, just who the hell are you?
“So demanding.
Something altogether more.
He’s running the microwave, by the sound of it.
“Maybe, I miss you.”
“A friend?”
You think maybe the Duke’s putting pressure on him?”
“I know, but…  Well, sometimes things are different in practice, yeah?”
“Please, John.”
Ridiculous.
“You know.”
You didn’t, I just—I wanted to make sure.”
“Hm.”
“Headache.”
Should shovel the front walk at least, I guess.”
John is in the kitchenette making tea Sherlock is certain he won’t be able to drink.
A personal physician, no doubt.
I was thinking.”
Sherlock reaches up and lays his hands on John’s knees. They’re bare, and warm, and his thighs are lightly peppered with fine, blonde hair.
Sherlock nods his head toward John’s lap.
“Better?”
“Yeah?”
“Remember my stag do?”
And still he’s looking at John.
“I just—worry.”
John grins.
“All ob it.”
“Yeah?
Sherlock cracks an eye open, and pulls the rainbow stripes up under his chin.
He lifts one, flexes his fist, and then places it back on the wheel again.
“I’ve asked you to please look at the card, and name aloud the pictures you see there.
“We can lie in.
“You better talk to me, yeah.
“Sure.
“Yeah…  Yeah, I do.”
Well probably for the best.
What do you suggest?”
He feels Sherlock’s muscles pull taut beneath his hand.
His forearm is pale, and smooth, and peppered with faint, white, pin-point scars.
Sherlock is beautiful when he sleeps.
Let’s not sanitise things too much.”
“A name!”
John is sound asleep when Sherlock gets back from the Nursery.
You’ll see.
John huffs.
John shifts a little, sucks in a sharp breath, settles again.  “What would that look like?”
“Alright.”
He smiles crookedly.
He hands Sherlock one of the mugs.
“Oh I can smell you like this.”
Sherlock tears his eyes away from the fire and looks up at him.
But we’ll come to you tomorrow.
John just seems resigned and only mildly concerned.
He hears Sherlock swallow dryly.
Yeah.
“What the fuck was that about?!”
John pushes back a little further, and then freezes with a shiver.  “Give me a minute.”
"Yes, yes they were" John nodded, shuffling his jacket from his arms as he walked towards his chair, placing it on the back and leaning against it "I'm in shock"
"If this is love, I don't want it" Sherlock said, his voice frail "take it, I don't want it. Not if it feels like this, it hurts"
"We thought we could all have a night in, watch a few movies and have a takeaway. If that's okay with you? Unless you have other plans" John suggested, shrugging his shoulders.
It sounds so much worse when he thinks of it like that, Best dad award.
John turned his head, looking to Sherlock with a soft smile before turning back. He knew that this was all relatively new to Sherlock, all they had exchanged was the odd Blow Job on Sherlock's behalf and as far as John was aware that was all they would do - even though, his jeans were extremely tighter than before and he was certain he was sweating, he knew that to pursue more than what Sherlock wanted was not okay, he shifted around, lifting his leg over the sofa slightly, attempting to hide his already half hard cock.
"okay, you've been talking to Mrs H too much. Stop with all of this. Look, I'm here to visit Sherlock so I'll speak to you later on at home and please, for the love of god, do not call me again"
"You've always been an arrogant arse"
John sighed, listening to his daughter whine and whine on the phone to him as he drove into London. He knew this was going to happen the moment he mentioned meeting another old friend for lunch. She would try and try with all her might to get out of school and back home so she could meet whoever it was. But he wasn't haven't any of it, not today.
"Oh? What did you expect?" Sherlock asked, cautiously, fighting with all his might not to just grab John and hide him behind him.
"Where the bloody hell is he?" Lestrade came in shouting, his eyes fierce as he looked at both John and Sherlock who sat on the worktop.
It was quarter to seven and John was partially ready, well, he was dressed (in a shirt, upon request) and his hair was done and he had to give himself props. He looked alright.
bare to lose anyone else, especially not you"
"Very well" Mycroft nodded, leaning back in his chair observing his brothers sudden outburst of human emotion "you know, I knew this day would come eventually"
John interrupted "you don't. Or you wouldn't have left. I'm old now Sherlock, twelve years really is a long time. I'm too old for games and silly deductions, I just want you to realise what I'm saying and what I am saying is that you made a wrong choice"
Sherlock had been pacing back and forth notoriously for the past hour and a half, if anything it was making John dizzy. He hadn't taken his eyes off him the entire time, the police had eventually became bored of Sherlock's antics and had left them alone, not that he had noticed, his mind palace was full on and there was very little to be done to pull him from it.
"Did you not enjoy that, Rosie?" Sherlock asked, looking up finally to give her a short smile as he wiped it from his arm "- I wouldn't waste it, you've got a busy day of school"
"Does anyone want a hot chocolate?" John asked, leaning up slightly with a sigh, looking at Rosie first who smiled and nodded. He turned to the other side "Sherlock? Hot chocolate? They're Rosie's favourites"
Had he just walked into a cliche movie scene?
"He was helpless, Craig" John spoke softly, his eyes slightly softer "- you couldn't have helped him, he lost himself many years ago"
"It's not my fault, they all are
"Well, you've solved the case, even if you still refuse to tell us who was behind it. What are you planning to do now?"
"You're very lucky to be alive" Lestrade spoke, his voice firm as he peered over his pint glass. Swallowing some before continuing "if we would have been even five minutes later, the smoke would have filled your lungs"
"But, I'm tired" Sherlock whined, pouting at him although still pushing himself up until he sat back on his heels again.
"I know" Sherlock nodded, his eyes still glued to John's. His eyes grew soft, as they always did when with John and before he even thinking too much about it, his lips quirked in to a smile and then his lips met John's, so sweet and innocent "I love you" he mumbled.
"Funny, that. I think he has a soft spot for you"
Two more chapters and then this story is done :-)
"Do you always read his blogs?" He asked, his eyes furrowed slightly.
"Well, as long as you're not vomiting all over the school premises then I say you're fine. It's not happening Rosie, end of. I'm going now. Stop bloody texting and calling me"
"Yeah well, that's life I'm afraid. People tend to do that when they're waiting for someone to come back"
"Sherlock-" John eased in, taking a step from his chair attempting to approach him.
"Bonding 101" John smiled fondly. "I like that you're trying, however, maybe stick to weekends when you want a movie marathon and not late evening the night before she has school"
"What?" Sherlock frowned, turning to look at him in confusion.
Someone asked me how I get in the mind-set when I'm writing and honestly, I have to play Ed Sheeran on repeat and focus on nothing but my laptop screen haha. So, if you're considering writing, I highly recommend listening to Divide over and over again.
"I'm sure we've already spoken about this. You are fully aware of how I feel about you, John Watson"
He could leave, right now and go home and put his feet up with a grand cup of tea but he still had to scrape by just one more hour before he was free.
Sherlock stood still, his lips tightened in a thin line, the first time John had ever seen him even remotely listen to a word he had said. He couldn't see whether or not he was taking it in and coming up with an answer or had just given up.
"Yes, but how about we watch a nice soppy movie like you suggested and pretend you're not a detective for the evening" John cocked an eyebrow with suggestion as he pulled Sherlock down to sit beside him. "Don't worry, I won't tell anybody, won't want to ruin your street cred, would I?"
"How-"
The reply was immediate, something John had never forgotten was Sherlock's ability to text back almost instantly. Usually because his phone never left his hands.
John could have laughed, really, Sherlock's hair was everywhere, his eyes were glazed, his cheeks were red, his lips were swollen and you would believe he was having an asthma attack from the way his chest was still rapidly moving.
"Yes?" Sherlock's voice came out huskily, John could have came at the sound, oh, this was a new side of him.
"Wow" John managed to choke out, a smile of disbelief spreading across his lips as his eyes flickered between the scene in front of him and Sherlock.
"Frustrated?" Sherlock asked, tilting his head to the side slightly, his tear stained cheeks slightly burning from the obsessive crying.
As soon as Sherlock had began to realise, he had hidden it, hiding it so deep that no even he could react much to it. He would find himself staring at John unknowingly, admiring his smile, the crinkles beneath his eyes, the way he would look at him - he admired all of John. And that's when he knew things weren't okay, he was losing himself, day by day, falling into a deep pit of utter disgusting human affection.
John grinned and before Sherlock could say much more, John's lips found his, in a sweet, hot, firework explosion. Full of passion, want and need, it was as though John needed to see what Sherlock tasted like, like he had dreamt of this moment a thousand times and as the initial shock had worn down, Sherlock found his lips moulding around John's like they belonged there.
"So, you're staying?" the question left John's lips, the one thought on his mind as whether or not Sherlock was about to walk straight back out of his life again.
"Goodbye, Rosie" John ended the call as he saw Sherlock emerge into the kitchen.
"He's done this before, except last time he faked his own death. He can't keep leaving me, allowing me to grieve his loss and then spring back on me like nothing has happened"
"Sherlock, we all know that you can't just run away from this - I'm sorry brother mine, but your demons are still with you and you have to face them eventually and that time is now"
"My sister, much like your own brother, is very damaged - however she's still alive, she would have killed us all if she could but after a lot of panic and pain, we soon learnt she was lonely, she just wanted her family. Luckily, my sister is still alive, she is locked away from us but she is safe and alive - if I would have known sooner I would have helped her and the same goes for Jim Moriarty, I never want to watch someone struggle with themselves, no one"
He could have lay there forever, wrapped against Sherlock, completely bewildered by this beautiful man - however, as his eyes flickered up to the clock on the wall, he knew that they didn't have the time to do that.
"We're literally five minutes away"
"Yes, well, if you don't like it we could always-"
"I'm simply riding out my godfather duties" Sherlock defended.
"I'm very sor-"
"No, but I'm aware through deductions that the complex of a relationship between yourself and I around twenty years ago would not have been compatible. We would have ruined everything we have now and that is a thought I do not wish to think about, at all" Sherlock quickly fired back, pouring all of his thoughts out at once. "You see, although we both could agree I could have admitted this all sooner - to be the person I am, the person you need, I had to deal with all of that to get here. Without it, this wouldn't be a possibility at all and you know it"
"Someone at school told me you used to take drugs" Rosie blurted, looking at Sherlock with amused eyes.
"Jesus Christ dad, you have to let me meet him eventually I mean come on-" she began to ramble again, this time John zoned out, he slid his phone open and smiled slightly as he began to read the text displayed on his screen.
"Get off" Sherlock said, reaching his arm up to swat him away. He had been laying down with his head on John's torso for the past ten minutes, dressed in a pair of John's over sized joggers and a baggy sweater, his curly locks flat against his head, still slightly wet - he looked absolutely beautiful.
"You also left your god-daughter" He spoke softly, tears slowly rolling down his cheeks as he thought about all the lost memories that Rosie missed out on with her Godfather "twelve fucking years, Jesus Christ Sherlock, who does that? Why would someone do that?"
"We've done this hundreds of times, don't you dare start doubting us now, Sherlock"
"Yes, but, do you not think that my dad being a hero to the country is something I'd like to know? I felt stupid when everyone knew about it and I didn't, I even had some of the mums come up and ask me if you were single. It was embarrassing"
Sherlock stiffened, his whole body on lock down and then all you could hear in the room was his uncontrollable breathing, it was hard and heavy, his chest practically convulsing.
"Funny. I never stop thinking about him" she admitted, placing her mug onto the tray "in fact, I have spent most of my time thinking about the both of you, really"
"Who on earth is Craig Moriarty?" John asked, faltering the silence.
Hope you enjoy.
"Of course, it's all very over-whelming" John nodded, his hands freeing from Sherlock's as they moved to wrap around his waist, soon he was holding onto him, his head rested on Sherlock's exposed chest and dwelling in the way his arms fit so perfectly around him "how about we take this step by step, we'll stick to the vanilla kissing and cuddling and actually go on a date and then we'll make our way to the other parts"
"Gavin Lestrade. He's a man and good at it" He shrugged, deeming it obvious.
Sherlock's eyes pierced down onto John's free member, noting the way John's eyes rolled back into his head and dear god, the only way John could explain the look in Sherlock's eyes was utter lust.
"And she picked up on that, that quickly?"
"How is she?" Sherlock asked, his eyes focused on the kitchen table as he sat a few feet from John.
She stormed off, her arms folded over her chest as she began pulling every pair of shoes off the rack until she had found the pair she just definitely had wear that day. He was certain that he heard some word of profanity leave her mouth and he was about to lose his shit, but just before he could unleash his wrath his phone began vibrating on the counter beside him, saved by the... vibration?
Sherlock scoffs.
Who the fuck is this?
“Do you love me?”
“Because I would never…
Sherlock groans in response, and wraps his arms around John’s waist to pull him back against his body.  They don’t fit well this way, their height difference makes it impossible for either of them to get what they’re hoping for, but Sherlock runs his hands over the planes of John’s chest, the soft flesh of his belly, kisses his head, and the top of his ear, his shoulder, and anywhere he can reach.
He’d shown up grey-faced, and neatly dressed, and read a eulogy scribbled on the back of a takeaway napkin that was utterly and disturbingly flat.
On again/off again for years.
“What is
“Now,” Sherlock says the moment their two guests are settled.
“Because I need to gauge how slow to take things.”
“Well—go on then.”
The Sherlock in his head smiles at him.
“They have bubble bath, and bath bombs.”
Still don’t know what that’s got to do with…”
“Christ.”
Sometimes you find out you’re just not compatible.”
Sherlock’s mouth forms into a moue of effrontery, and John laughs.
Please.
“Hello?
“You just said—
John just shakes his head and pops a dumpling in his mouth.  “I don’t get it.  Why does she care?”
), had started to think that maybe he was broken beyond repair, like maybe…
You were right, I was wrong, I’m sorry.”
Sherlock can’t help the twitch of a smile that teases at the corner of his mouth, and he hears John chuckle low, and fond.
There is another copy, framed, that was tucked away with the Christmas decorations last year, and will likely be pulled out again in a few days.
“We have anything in?  I’m starving.”
He’s Sherlock.
He’s waited two and a half years to go home, and finally there is nothing to deter him but the medical and clerical incompetency of her majesty’s government.
“That’s not how it was, and you know…”
Sherlock is thinner, shorter, and infinitely younger looking in real life.
“It isn’t your fault, Sherlock.”
He kneels in front of John, and reaches out, lays a hand on one of John’s knees.
John thinks about it.
John blinks, and turns his head, and Sherlock looks down at him, brows knit.
“What’s this I’ve meant to have done then?”
So, what now?
“Mmm.”
John has waited long enough.  They both have.
Is that his title?”
“If you prefer.
“Would be nice.”
“In exchange for what?”
You’ll tell me if this is hurting rather than helping, yeah?”
not all the extras that Sherlock has barely given a thought to all these years, but which suddenly seem to be occupying his every waking thought.
“Yeah.”
Will you help me finish?”
“We did.
“I don’t think about such things.”
Lovely spot.
Stands under the searingly hot spray and tries not to think—about anything.
“Okay.
He had realised, in that moment, what a horrifying, and unbearable risk it was to love something mortal, and had sworn to never do it again.
“If you’d like.”
It’s Sherlock who pays the minder, and goes out to hail her a cab.
“At what?”
He feels Sherlock’s foot press up against his under the table.
“Come on you.
Sherlock throws a hand over his head with a sigh, feels the phone vibrate in his palm, and quickly snatches it back.
Quick, quick.”
The sleet that had let up earlier is back with a vengeance, and the view from the bedroom’s two small windows is nothing but a dark, angry, rain-washed grey.
John is sitting on the futon, still in his pants and nothing else.
Why should any of it be his responsibility?
Now, will you help me or not?”
Y-O-U
Let’s.”
“Mmm?”
“Could put you off.
Fine.
“You didn’t even think, just…
He shrugs out of his jacket, and throws it over the coffee table, undoes one more button at the neck of his shirt, shifts a little to make sure his trousers are straining, just so.
Sherlock has been his whole life for thirteen years.
“Sorry, John.
Sherlock’s eyes drop.
He sees Sherlock perk up at that, and doesn’t know if it’s the mention of death or the beehives that’s got him so excited.
It’s a rollercoaster of emotions, none of which he can really identify, and all of which seem all-encompassing and larger than life.
Didn’t say that.
“My clients don’t think, that’s why they come to me.”
“Last summer.”
He takes a step closer, can feel the warmth of John’s freshly washed body radiating out, drawing him closer still.
“Would like to get back to what we were doing before, if that’s alright.”
“Then what is this?”
She withdraws a cigarette, places it between her lips and waits for him to light it for her.
You’re the best thing to ever happen to me.”
He slips between awake and asleep, dreams and reality mingling.
“I’ve been unforgivable.”
Fine.
“No, John.  Fuck you.”
“Reg was never one for flattery, no.
“Yeah.”
“I doubt your presence would impede sleep the whole night through.”
I’m the problem.
“Not particularly.”
He’d finally had a chance to get some private shopping in, and what had seemed a risky prospect a few weeks ago, seems more and more like the right decision with each passing day.
I told him so.
He lets his eyes slide shut.
“Sherlock?”
Nothing.
She hurries away down the hall.
Sherlock casts a sympathetic eye on the state of him.
John seems to relax when he sits back down.
“Would you consider it?”
“Hey.”
“Not for another two hours.”
#mutual masturbation, #phone sex.
He swallows.
“Aright.”
It’s so big, and I’ve never—I don’t have anything to compare it to, and this, today, everything that happened, everything we did, it was the…”
“Of course.”
“From Ella.”
But then John thinks of how it was when they met, how grateful he had been, just earlier that day, to say good-bye to that dingy little flat forever (he’d thought), and how much it hurts to be lying here, alone in the dark with his anger, and his fear, and…
The pressure of John’s finger there causes a wave of pleasure to pass through him.
“Fucking freezing in here.
“Mm.”
a hundred boys filling the corridors drowns out anything else.
“Mm.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows do a funny sort of dance in response.
She would never have…”
Not soft enough.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock’s lips are parted again.
Sherlock lies and watches his eyes roll around beneath his lids, luxuriates in the comforting, even cadence of his breathing, the way his nostrils twitch now-and-again, and the slight silver scruff around his jaw and cheeks.
“Seriously though, Sherlock.
So, it is doing something for him.
Their cottage.
Sounds like more of a mum.
John gets quiet again.  After a moment he lays back down.  “I don’t care.  I don’t care about that.”  John stretches a little under the covers, and then settles again.  “But you didn’t book a room with two beds, yeah?  The hotel didn’t mess it all up?  You booked a double from the start.”
“Rosie’s bathed and put down to sleep.
“So I see.”
“What about it.”
She bought it with the money she made dragging my name through the mud after the whole Magnussen affair.
John looks back toward the lounge again.
But John doesn’t work many cases with him these days, what with his determination to work regular hours at the surgery and a child to tend to and support.
She holds a box in one hand and a bottle of wine in the other.
Be safe.
“Yeah, I…”
Needed time to think.
“It’s been a shock.
Too vulnerable perhaps?
“Nothing.”
I am trying to convey the seriousness of the situation.”
The corner of her mouth twitches wryly.
Where’s Ro?”
“Just need to stretch out, probably.”
Best to cut the tension straight off.
You’re getting water all over the floor, and you’ll flood downstairs, and wash poor Mrs. Hudson into the Thames.”
John huffs out a soft laugh and turns his head so that Sherlock’s mouth grazes over his cheek and meets his lips.
“Then relax.”
He lets go of Sherlock’s cock, and grabs onto his hips, and starts to drive up into him hard, with nothing but a mind to chase his own pleasure.
Sherlock is fumbling between their bodies, at the front of John’s pyjamas, when they hear the first stirrings of life emanating from Rosie’s nursery, just the other side of the wall.
I need to know if you are going to have difficulty with that.
Takes a few more.
Sherlock lays in bed, and stares up at the ceiling.
“Do you want me to…?”
“You had doubts.”
Should he text an explanation?
Well, their still in the back of the bloody cab.”
“Don’t want to hurt you.
The cottage is cold, but the last of the fumes seem to have dissipated
He wonders if he could intensify the sensation.
“I already told you.
“No, of course I don’t want you to leave.
“Wait.
Sherlock doesn’t let go.
“Now forgive yourself.”
It’s separate from what she’s supposed to be helping him with, isn’t it?
“When the boy starting skipping his lectures to punt the Cam and get high, my brother was right there beside him.
Sherlock brushes his nose through John’s hair.
Bloody shoulder hurts all the time.
It’s hard for John—apologising.
At least it’s real and visceral.
He strains against the ties on his wrists, but Sherlock has tied them well, and they hold fast, bite into his wrists a little, the harder he pulls.
Sherlock is just entering the lounge from the kitchen, and she swings Rosie up into his arms, and then reaches out for Margaret’s hand and pulls her into a dance.
“Good?”
Though, if you are going to find yourself another wife at some point, I would prefer advanced warning.
John, doesn’t know quite what to do.
It will pass.”
“You’ve taken a client, a Ms. Adler.”
“You and this case.
Sherlock shakes his head.
“Sherlock?
I could hurt you.
It’s always been different.”
“And it made you anxious?”
Sherlock is stunned.
“Oh, I think he might have gone to the shops, actually.
“Aww, Ro.
Question 3: Do you have any mental health diagnoses related to empathy issues.
“Bring a flannel when you…”
And perhaps another of those cheese toasties.”
John heads for the loo off the bedroom, and Sherlock pulls down a tin of tomato soup, and sets to making toast.
So here he is being bested by a rather heavy snowfall, and feeling quite the old man.
“Yes.
Thanks.”
Want to show you something.”
“Everywhere.”
Sally takes a step back, hands up in front of her.
He takes a deep breath and shimmies his pyjamas down over his hips.
“That kitchen is a disaster, young man.
John stares down at his lap.
Gregson, didn’t you say his name was?”
“I’m not going to get into a row over this, so whatever this is you’re doing, you can just stop.”
But, she died.”
But I do have to insist.”
It gets harder then.
Red or white?
her place.”
It was all just meant to be an experiment.
Sherlock feels John’s joy in his body like it’s his own.
I believe that book was published in ’94.”
I’m going out.
“No games.”
John, his John, wouldn’t just walk out, wouldn’t just leave.
“No.”
Sherlock closes his eyes.
“Whatever it is you’ve wanted to do since the moment we met.
There is the exchange of gifts, and Mrs. Hudson’s special egg nog, and her Christmas Carol film on constant loop while they eat their breakfast and Sherlock helps Rosie with her new Duplo Farm Adventures kit and John smiles through it all, wondering how on earth he got so lucky, and then realising that he’s been thinking that exact thing, non stop the whole holiday through, and how he might just need to stop asking, and accept it for what it is, because what it is is a miracle of a kind, and he is infinitely grateful.
“Yes, I know.
Like a lab animal, he has always had one purpose and one alone.
Sherlock simply sits back in silence, and lets John take them where he will.
And does he really want to show his hand that much?
Got worse when—when you were shot, better when Mary left, worse after she died.”
It was always wanted, and I’m sorry if I gave you the impression it wasn’t.
“Suit yourself.”
Kinky?
Sherlock’s brow knots.
“Not sure she’ll notice the difference.
You have your guilty face.”
She and her brother.
John lets go of the hug he has around his calves, and drops his feet back to the floor.
“Didn’t catch a thing.
The young woman across from them smiles, and then ducks her head before very considerately exiting the aisle.
“I believe that you and I should have little chat.”
Sherlock sighs, and draws his knees up to his chest, scoots further down in the seat.
“I believe it was all pre-arranged.
Sherlock tilts his head up a little, smears a messy kiss against John’s throat.
I’ll do my best.”
“Flattery won’t work, Sherlock.”
“It’s best to be prepared.
He drains the glass of scotch and goes into the kitchen to fetch another.
“A little to do with it.”
“I was thirsty, and my ice pack has gone warm.”
“No.”
“And if we destroy one another?”
John grins.  “Something like that, yeah.”
“This person you were with when I was away…”
It’s my job to keep you busy, and I’ve been neglecting it.”
“Just keep an eye on him John, and if he does anything suspicious let me know.”
You’re in London.
Sherlock is mortified to realise his eyes are full.
“Tea if you please!”
Middle aged, bit stodgy, darkish, thinning hair, three-piece suit that makes him look more like a banker than some all-knowing, all-seeing puppet master.
“You’re getting your colour back.”
Sherlock asks.
“Shut up.”
Read more first.”
“Yes, well.
“You or me?”
John gets up, takes his empty plate to the sink, gets a glass of water, and leans back against the counter.
I’m not sure I could have…”
I just—it’s always been hard for me to…”
John’s hand drops.
John huffs out a laugh and drops his gaze.
John’s brow wrinkles.
He freezes, and there is an answering whisper of a sound from upstairs, fabric against leather?
She motions to the pan filled with all manner of delicious things.
Shivers over skin.
Just behind her, lurking like some corvidian harbinger of doom, stands a ridiculously funereal-looking young man.
“I’m going to eat and go to bed.
He’ll beg John to finish the rest.
Listen, I need those clients.
“Still no power, but at least the sun is out.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just stares down at the street.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“Tell me you understand that what happened between you and me that day, in that morgue, tell me you don’t really see that as care, as love.”
“You always take out the rubbish, and we don’t have a lawn.”
And they don’t touch, not the way they used to before everything.  They haven’t even kissed since the night before John disappeared. They share a bed.  Sometimes John will permit Sherlock to lay a hand on his head or shoulder in passing, a comforting squeeze.  Once or twice they have lain in bed, fingers twined, after one of John’s nightmares, but beyond that—nothing.
