.  Helm, breastplate, greaves, shield, sword; painted in places and accented with red-dyed leather fasteners, all fashioned from a shiny silvery metal that was both utterly distinctive and unrecognizable.
“No, really Steve, I’m so proud of
“Then how else will you see what it’s made of?” Steve breathed, and the last quivering inches were closed.
Tony presses his face back into the pillow.  He has a lot of sleep to make up.
Tony was tempted to just stare, but now Steve was staring at him, and Tony remembered that he was supposed to be getting undressed as well.
One of the girls was awake, feigning sleep.  He prodded her hip.  She looked up, wide-eyed and terrified, like she expected him to do something to her.
“Yes.”
“Uhh, Antinous, Prince of Athens.  Do I need the whole epithet?”  Clint laughed but shook his head, silver earrings jangling.
“You’re welcome.”  And it was probably the most sincere thing Tony had said since he got back to Athens.
Steve was in the throne room, discussing things with a small council of older men around the hearth, so Tony took advantage of the opportunity to examine the walls in the light of day.
Steve just chuckled as Tony stole the box from him and followed him into the darkened office. “Pepper said you probably hadn’t eaten, and I was hankering for a slice – or three.” He shrugged. “So I thought we could share.”
Not that he wasn’t worried about other things.  The media.  How Steve would continue his career as a firefighter (not that Tony wanted him to quit, but he wouldn’t need to work).  Kids, because while Tony might be warm towards the idea of getting married, Steve was the kind of guy that had an army of offspring, and Tony . . . well, they’d need to discuss it.
spoiled.”
There were several serving maids bustling about, carting baskets of dyed wool and boxes of spun wool to and fro.  Their faces changed frequently enough that Tony didn’t bother leaning their names.
He turns, and a tree rustles, clumps of snow falling from the branches.
Bruce gave him a look not unlike Pepper.  “You are two grown men in a serious romantic relationship.  Call and ask.”
Tony, Tony, Tony.  He should have realized the trend sooner.
Makris stood from where she was sitting on the ground beside Tony and placed a hand on Steve’s bicep.  “You should know, before it gets serious.  Towards the southern end of the island, around my mountain, there is boar on the loose.”
He dressed simply, then gathered up the jugs and navigated his way down to the kitchen where a porter relieved him of them.  Tony breathed deeply and made his way to the courtyard.
.  When I came here, I left that world behind.  But here you are,” she snorted.  “Making me see those monsters as human.”  Natasha leaned over and dug through her implements for a bit of string, which she lifted to tie her scarlet hair back.  “I’ve fought both man and beast, and you know what?  Give me the beasts any day.”
Determined to see if he could finally put the past behind him.
He shrugged out of her grip.  He hated disappointing her.  Even when he didn’t know what he’d
him, point blank, that if Tony ever was tempted, to call.
“I heard it.”
As far as Steve always heard, stars blew up, but he’s sure Tony will get to that.
“Because you called me at four in the morning and said you wanted to have a drink. Forgive me for worrying that something happened.”
right.  Rhodey always said that overthinking was going to be the death of him.
“Former? How long were you in and when did you get out?” Tony slid into the booth and flagged down the waitress.
“I’M RUINING YOU!  I’m – I’m no
The scene shifted to Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, and some other guy in white fight suits floating in zero gravity.
He handed the file back.
“Yeah, he’s a walking pun.  But I love him.”
She smiled faintly.  “No, we could use a little worse.”
The man’s face twisted into a knowing smile.  “How about you leave your trunk to be brought up by someone else, and we walk back together?”
he would be able to handle it?  That he was ready to take on whatever the Fates decreed for him?
Tony’s tone has shifted, and Steve can tell he’ll be getting closer to the point now. Steve doesn’t really want to know, not about this, doesn’t think he can bear it. But he has to know, because Tony knew going in what the result would be.
“It’s no ordinary boar.”  Steve just stared at her, waiting.  Makris shot a nervous glance at Tony, before turning back to Steve.  “Your father.”
There was some story, Steve knew, of the moon goddess Selene falling in love with a mortal shepherd.  She asked for him to be granted eternal sleep, and visited him every night, as he dreamed he held the moon in his arms.
So he doesn’t over think it, and just presses his mouth to Steve’s, soft and plush and wet, because he licked his lips, like he wanted Tony to kiss him.
Peggy smiled tiredly.  “You’ll do well, Tony.  Now,”  she straightened as she stood, “I’m going to talk to your father about the
“I get it.”
.  He was headed there anyway.
Must be what Steve smelled like.  It was going to be a long night.
Steve sighed and rubbed has hand through his beard.  “I
The waitress fluttered he eyes and leaned closer. “That all?”
Steve basically ended up as a tour guide, moving through the exhibit, reading every little placard and making comments and corrections.  The major theme was Cincinnati’s involvement in the war, so most of the information was on industry and the home front.  The USO tour stop had been for only a couple of days, so Steve was doing that thing where he lit up as he learned more about something.
for?”
She fixed him with a confidence-crushing glare.  “Yes.  Is that an issue?”
amount bad for speeding, and probably giving the officers the illusion that he was on his way to stop a criminal rather than on the way back from it. But being Iron Man did have its perks, and no one questioning your actions was one of them.
Tony reverently takes the box.  It was heavy, dense.  He slides the ribbon off the box and lifts the lid, pulls back the tissue paper to reveal a strawberry colored vase.  Cranberry glass.
“Loki's manipulating you.”
Steve balls up a fist and clenches his jaw, but only lightly brings his hand down on the armrest as he breathes through his nose. “That’s work,” Steve says tightly. “Leave it to work hours.”
“You know,” Tony smirked, pushing Steve down and straddling his thighs.  Steve’s hands automatically went to rest on the curve of Tony’s ass.  “They say half the fun of a baby is making it.”
“Get up.”
man.  I’m sending you off to mentor, for a year.”
you guys all go for donuts?”  Steve asked before he had to explain Diaspora to Clint
The screams of the crowd were dulled by the lack of oxygen as the smoke built. Tony tried wiggling, but to no effect. He was pinned in place, couldn’t even move his arms.
we gonna get my half?”
Nausikaa cleared her throat.  “Well, I guess that leaves me.  I’m much less exciting.  Korkyra is technically my great-grandmother –“
The shiny-haired Asgardian the files had identified as Thor strode in like he owned the place and no, that was Tony’s thing.  He tried to blast him with a repulsor, but Thor just threw his hammer.  When he go up, Both Loki and Thor were n the wind.
“Uh, actually I’m planning on threatening you.”
that changed him.  They never told.  Something to do with spiders.
“Do you know her father?”
“Everyone’s fine.  Scott – “
Tony slunk over to the bedside, debating with himself.  He snatched up one of the perfectly shaped pillows and pressed his nose into it.  There, underneath the detergent if he concentrated long enough, was a trace of slight spice and home.  Steve.
“Sorry.”  He defiantly sounded like he meant it.
“Steeeeebe.  STEEEEBE,” Tony tugged at Steve’s shirt collar urgently.
“Says the man who’s entire life is his job.”
Steve felt himself fall back into his earlier state.  “No change.”  He pushed the tapioca pudding at Thor, who had been glancing at it meaningfully.
He sat on the damp floor with boxes and boxes of late Soviet-era birth and adoption documents, wearing multiple layers and still was cold.
“Yeah.  It’s seen a bit of mileage, and you have the Glowstick of Destiny.”
“The king hasn’t shared your bed in
, now would we?”
So he doesn't cry.
“Fuck, I’m not some figurine for you to polish and keep on a shelf!” he shouted as he ripped it off and let it fall from his fingers.
“Everything that’s happening?  The things that are about to come to light?  People might just need a little old-fashioned.”
Mike’s laughter and the pit crew’s cheers followed him as he peeled out into line with the other racers.
Howard, after realizing he had no heir, had married a scandalously young wife in the early nineties.  Tony had been the product of the horrendously mismatched couple.  Howard and Maria had only cooperated in private until Tony’s conception.  Tony had been born into a house with estranged parents in 1994, who stayed married only for appearances.  The reports Steve had read said that Howard had been largely absent, and while Maria had tried, it hadn’t added up to much.  She’d been too broken.
When he’d first premiered this armor, Rhodey nearly had a fit over the fact that Tony had opted for bracers instead of a shield (“How in the Hades do you expect to be a proper
His labs and offices are dark.  Covered in dust.  Outside of working on Rhodey’s braces, and investigating how to accommodate partial paralysis into the War Machine, he can’t bear to pick up a screwdriver.
The six of them gathered in a circle, subconsciously protecting one another’s backs as they listened to the combined shouts from the civilians and screams from the alien army.
Tony would have been lying if he didn’t feel the
“Wunderbar! Iron Man, you make my quest far easier!” Zemo cheers as he approaches leisurely, casually drawing the tranq gun.
Zoloto waits patiently for him to finish.
Tony and Rhodey had practically been raised together, Tony’s nurse putting Rhodey in charge of watching him while they were playing and allowing him to sleep in Tony’s cot.  As they grew, it became obvious that Rhodey had inherited some of the family’s godly blood, manifesting itself in a well-disciplined military mind and the ability to be fully responsible in any assignment he was given.  There was a contingency plan that if something happened to Tony, Rhodey would become Howard’s heir.  Many people felt Rhodey would make a much better king, Tony included.
“This isn’t about personality profiles anymore.”
“ – and I’m pulling you down with me.  Why do you even stay?”
“The stories from Odysseus seemed to say that Phaeacia was . . . grander, than it is.  Brazen walls and golden statues . . . . “
As far as he knew, he was the last to shower, so he could use as much hot water as he pleased.  He relished it, lethargically massaging industrial soap into his skin and generic shampoo into his hair.  It wasn’t certain when he’d have a chance to bathe and sleep after they left the Barton Farm, so he wasn’t going to hurry it.
yelled at Maria.  “Either he’s dead, or he’s dying in the mountains.  Tell me something I can use.”
“Blood,” Nat said with a straight face.
“And that’s why Clint is so familiar with the area,” Natasha noted as she snagged the back of his quiver as Clint tried to sneak into Bruce’s . . . cave.  “We’re having dinner soon.  Would you like to risk an unwelcome appearance because you have no self control?”
“You got it.”
I wrote this over a year ago, when I was the early stages of writing.  I was still trying to figure things out.  I still am.  And I messed up.  I wrote two paragraphs that have made me question why I bother writing more than any other work I've done.  While trying to convey, poorly as I now see it, the very real possibility of Steve's misunderstanding of some things in the modern world that are rather sensitive, I picked a hot-button topic with next to no thought, and never addressed it again.
“JARVIS, call Pepper,” Steve ordered, sliding over to Tony’s prone figure.  He gently hauled Tony over on his side and placed two fingers in his moth to hold it open.  Tony lethargically tried to lick Steve’s fingers, and he grit his teeth.
“Focus on the mission.”  Rhodey laughed, but buried it in a fake cough.  Gritting his teeth, Tony stared out the window, unseeing.
“That it didn’t have to be this way?”
“The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought.  And I didn’t even qualify.”
Becoming a hero hadn’t been very high on his list of priorities, but when the Serpent of the Ten Rings had begun eating livestock in the Attic countryside, and reports arose that it spit acid, it had been decided that a single man should respond to the threat.  And Tony had been yammering about his new acid-proof armor.
He was beginning to wonder if Tony was doing it on purpose.
Everything was always so explosive with Steve.  Where an orgasm with someone else would be nice, relieve stress and tension, and be a worthwhile experience, with Steve it was so much more.  Tony felt himself implode, all the wonderful things condensed into the two of them, writhing on the bed, the heat under which they had met never failing to flare up and set them ablaze again.
He didn’t get to apologize.
“Tony, I’ve seen plenty of things that would drive others insane.  Tell me.”
but Tony kept that to himself as he hooked a leg and hoisted himself up.
to him.
,” Tony babbled, drops of sweat trailing down his throat, making him glow gold in the low light.
It was utter ecstasy, moving in tandem with the man he loved, every breath out of his lungs was inhaled by with the man he loved, every breath out of his lungs was inhaled by Tony, and there was something beautiful and soft and vulnerable burning brightly in Tony’s cognac eyes, and Steve understood, finally, what the fuss was, why humanity wrote the same story again and again to try and find this heaven.
Tony stared at his plate.  “Yeah.  He was always the one I could – you know – go to.  He was always taking care of me when I was home, and looking out for me, speaking up on my behalf to Dad.”
“I meant
“Give us a few minutes, Clint.”
“This is urgent.”
But right now, Tony didn’t want to be a hero.  He didn’t want to be a prince.  He didn’t want to be the “Savior of the Athenians.”
,” she sighed and straightened her skirt at his dumbfound expression.  “Hear me out.  I
He nodded miserably.  Steve sighed and sat down by Tony’s knees, and took his hands.  “Tony, be honest with me.  Why are we in a relationship?”
But Howard idolized him.  And combined with the fact Tony had never properly met him, he was wary to believe the legends.
Right as he was turning back to the now hot water and pulling the thing up from the faucet so the showerhead activated, he allowed a hand to ghost over the mass of scar tissue on his chest.  The false hope that his health issues would be over when they took the shrapnel and reactor out was gone.  Going into his final artificial skin graft, the doctors had asked to put him through a series of tests to make sure everything was good to go.
“No one does. But hey, at least you don’t need to pretend to like them like I have to.”
There were approximately eight bodies around his bed, several draped over his own.  Overheated skin on overheated skin, and there were heavy drapings over the windows, so the air was hot and stagnant, still filled with the heady scents of sweat and wine and bodily fluids.  Olive oil was everywhere, slicking skin and dripping onto the floor and staining the blanket and sheet.
And in unison:
, no matter what you think!”
of oil.  Inside he found several wood and bone combs, a small rectangular bronze mirror with a handle set with amethyst, and a couple
Steve nodded.  “So, by that you mean you want to know everything.”
Cold emptiness filled him.  Bucky
he didn’t need to.  Nat, he – he
“No.  You don’t get to have this.  If you want something like this . . . .”  He doesn’t finish it.  He doesn’t know how.
Tony thinks Steve might be feeling the same way.
of pits hitting skin as he ventured back into the house.
Tony frowned, climbing to his feet and brushing off his tunic.  “Yeah, but . . . .  I feel like I’m getting singled out by him.
“You're not going alone!”
“Five days.  It’s been five days.”
Fury lounged against the railing.  “How do you mean?  Him?”  He nodded at the running man.
“Give yourself some credit.  Please.  Stark Tower is your baby.  Give yourself, twelve percent of the credit.”
Steve favored him with a relived smile.  “Tony, I want you to feel comfortable becoming the best man you can be.  Not your ideal hero.  Not the king Howard wants you to be.  Just know that this is supposed to be a safe environment for you.”  And he turned and marched down the creaky stairs.
David Drakovich Kuznetsov. Pronounced “Dah-VEET”, because he’s apparently Russian.  The boy was indicated to have been brought from the USSR to the USA when he was about two weeks old.  Then David disappeared from the record.  No pictures, nothing but the address of the orphanage in Sverdlovsk.
ancient history.
“Okay.”
“Yes.”
So, Steve was using Tony to make sure he wasn’t the only one alive.  That would need to suffice.  Almost friend, teammate, and fellow alive-person.  He would make do.
Banner stared towards where the beast was beginning to scrape along the pavement.
“Steve, I’m going to live a long time. We tend to live for centuries.  Yeah, you can get killed and stuff, but if I
“I mean, if it’s not too much trouble.”
be waiting for the car to take him to his private jet, but instead taking the suit straight home from the meeting in Stockholm.  Pepper just huffed and went about packing her briefcase.
,” Steve hissed.
Steve pulled Tony against his chest, and he melted, burying his cheek in the dip between his pectorals.  Steve couldn’t resist adding, “I’d be happy to do all that, but you’d have to give up coffee . . . .”
Natasha had educated him on the songs produced about Vietnam and the Cold War.  She apparently adored the White Album, and Steve didn’t understand why until “Back in the USSR” came on and Clint had dropped his box of Froot Loops in a mad dash to dance with her.  She had shown him Billy Joel, saying he would love it, and started with The Nylon Curtain, and had teasingly changed his ringtone to the verse from “Allentown” that said “
“You will all fall before me!”
Tony, for his part, tried his best to keep his touches to a minimum. Easier said than done.
Tony didn't understand it.
“I am not a dork.  You are a dork;
my servants; they dress themselves.”
Tony fishes a pineapple Danish from the box. “No.  How long?”
The room might have been drafty, but from where Tony was, it was warm, if a bit stifling.
“Every waking moment.”
surprise when he declared that he would
Steve doesn’t seem in a hurry to move.  He sniffs again, rubs an open palm over his face and lets it trail through his hair.  Yaws, stretches in an odd way, like he’s pressing himself deeper into the mattress.  Why he isn’t shoving Tony away and shouting, he doesn’t know.
, which was the dark blue that matched his Air Force uniform,
“As Steve will be part of my personal staff, he’ll be traveling with me most of the time. You have a valid US passport?” Steve nodded jerkily. “Good. One less thing to take care of. No aversion to air or sea travel? Three week’s vacation, pension, the works. For the time being, he’ll be bunking here. Happy’s old quarters, before you moved out on me, you bastard. Can we get someone on that?” Pepper nodded. “Alright. I need to take care of a few things privately in my office, so use the intercom if you need me.” Still nodding, she jotted it all down on a yellow legal pad while Steve hovered awkwardly near her desk. Happy had lit a cigarette and was hacking and snickering in the corner. “Oh, and Pepper, have Steve given all the authorizations and accesses he’ll need.”
“Hey, I've read all about your accident.  That much gamma exposure should have killed you.”
“On the table in my room, but I don’t – “
Tony ignored the twins, until it was too painful to ignore their voices.  With Rhodey and Pepper, they were the only people who were ever honest with him.  His kids were
, but they were nice shades that matched the actual flag, more subtle than the bright colors he usually saw in official merchandise.  The packaging also declared that there were tiny white star applications.
Tony carried Steve’s “contribution” reverently over to the lab while Steve carefully righted himself.
Howard raised his hands, and slaves bearing wine-cups and platters of food threaded through the crowd.  Howard lifted his Steve
At first he thought he was developing a full-scale psychosis.  Then Maria warned him to get his blood checked.  And he understood why he was forced to change the core of the arc reactor so often.
“For what?”
anymore, it’s changed so much.  I try to get it, but it’s just . . .
“Oh, I thought the beast had wandered off-“
and I’m – “ Tony gazed off, like he was seeing everyone who had ever oppressed or belittled him, “me.”  Like an afterthought.
And it’s downright cruel.  It’s cruel to ask something like that.  Because Tony is perceptive.  People never made sense the way machines always did.  With a machine, there is always a logical reason as to why this or that happens.  With enough diagnostic work, the answer can always be found.  But people – they’re so much more nuanced and complicated.  And he’s had to work at reading people.  He’s had to work out how people think and react.  And it’s made him better at it than most.
“Maybe I can help you with that?” Tony nodded at his erection, and before he could even blink, Tony was on his knees in front of him, nuzzling gently, looking at him with slitted eyes.
“Do you . . . want to watch something?”
Peter huffed.
“Well, might as well show you around.”  Steve gestured around.
Breakfast was an uneventful but cheerful affair.  The kitchens opened up on a large kitchen yard, which was adjacent to the exercise yard.  A giant
That was true.  The loveliness of the island was impossible to ignore.  They took a winding road north, the one that led to Kassiopi.  They waved to the people in the fields, and paused to greet certain individuals who approached them.  Steve introduced Tony, and they discussed whatever business there was, then went on their way.  The sea pounded against the shore, and the wind swept their hair about.  It was good exercise, but Tony was glad Steve hadn’t made him run.  Eventually, Steve led him off the main road onto a smaller path that left the shore behind and went deeper into the foothills of the mountains.
is all he says, low and throaty and oh so raspy.
“Right back at you.”
“Yeah, Steve!” Tony cheered.  “Paint on tiny versions of his shield!”
Tony laughed so hard, it echoed around the entire terminal.  “Yeah.  Most defiantly worth it.”
“Is it true?”
Because he was stupid, Tony asked, “Are you looking to get married?  You’re at a good age for it.  There are plenty of princesses floating around these days.”
“Stop hiding.  From me.  Let me see you.”
like Tony Stark – ‘”
“Come on, Pepper, it’s for charity.”
“Special circumstances?”
“What, Tony?”
A particularly rough wave hit the boat, sending Tony tumbling into the starboard side, hitting the shroud with a harsh
It’s rough, much rougher than Steve usually is.  Not brutal or anything, but like Steve is trying to say something with his body because his mouth can’t remember how.
“Okay. Bed. No sex. But we’re doing that cuddling thing, right?”
"TONY, DO YOU NEED PANTS?  OR A CONDOM?  TOOOOOONY.  STEVE, REMEMBER: THERE'S ALWAYS TIME FOR LUBE.  BE GENTLE, HE'S A SENSITIVE FLOWER."
“Why is it that male heroes die and go to Hades, and female heroes get immortality?” Tony wondered aloud, moving over to sit cross-legged on the ground near Makris and Korkyra.
Century, the fact still remained that he
He has more luck with the locals, who live in tiny pockets tucked around the base of the mountains. They claim it is still very dangerous, but not impossible.  In the summer.  But the locals are a superstitious bunch, and there are areas that they refuse to go.  Frightened that they would encroach on the territory of some flying beast that has left them in peace for centuries, save the occasional sheep.
And Steve was far better at keeping secrets than Tony would have ever believed for a man who made it such a point to advocate for transparency.
Steve moved closer, eyes bright and fierce and so, so blue it made Tony’s teeth ache.
“Is there some sort of benefit to growing up in ignorance of your heritage?”
How lucky for her.
“Your eyes are
“Hey, Tony, could you look over my notes for my speech?” Bruce asked.  The man had a gift for distraction.
Steve would prefer Bucky cover his shield in
Steve turned to him and frowned.  “But I am the host, and therefore I should take responsibility-“  The rest of what he was said was drowned in collective groaning.
on the flank,” she called loudly and began slinging the pits at them.
“Man, this pad is
“People don’t want to know Tony Stark.  Tony Stark is a teenager who thinks he’s better than everyone, rubs his intelligence in other people’s faces, and is an asshole because he’s rich enough so he can be.”
The emotions subside somewhat, replaced with wonder, disbelief, hope.
Rogers looked about ready to have a little righteousness panic attack.
Tony was going to die. On a race track in Indiana, of all places.
“Well, Jeremy, consider yourself lucky.  Had your grandfather been with us storming the beaches, the likelihood of him surviving to have your mother would be a lot slimmer.”
Whoop.  Sorry Tony.
the idea of forcing a girl to put away her dolls to come and run my household.  They marry girls off far too young.  I’ve gotten . . . offers.  From kings I thought I liked.  They’re
the news?  Fuck that, have you seen the columns of smoke coming in from the northeast?  Half of California is on fire, and unluckily, my boyfriend is one of the few people qualified to help put the fires out.”
“Together?”  Tony looked up from his knuckles.  “I think we’d both like to be, so I guessing yes?”
“Has a country to run.  And your little Secret Avengers are a lot closer.”
“Time to go.”
“I should probably look into that once my decryption program finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's secure files.”
“I’m takin’ that as a yes.”
“May the gods look with favor on Prince Antinous, and may he find success in all his endeavors,” Howard spat, malice tangible in his every word.
That eludes him tonight.
“I’m going to take the jet to DC tonight.”
then?” Tony eyes were shining like bright flint, and Steve was sure tears were only seconds from falling, but he was in Steve’s face, tiny bits of spit landing on his lashes.  “
(See the end of the chapter for
And why had all this happened?  Because Steve was blind?  No, he was a mislead idiot who thought he knew better than an eighteen-year-old genius what was right for him.
Steve stood in the doorway, watching Tony settle himself.  Fragile, yet still so resilient.
And it’s only because Peter pouts adorably when Daddy teasingly says “No” when the toddler holds out the green pair with the lenses shaped like hearts.
Steve slams his fists on the table, making the warped boards shutter and clang against the bolts holding them down.  Tony stands firm.
, and handed one to each of them.  Tony took his immediately, but Steve paused, assessing the woman skeptically.
for it.
“Full of
“Maybe you used one too many blankets,” Tony muses as a familiar arm eases under him and pulls him into alignment with Steve’s body. He lightly ghosts the upper part of his thigh across Steve’s groin.
But he’s rusting.
“Son, just don't.”
Tony shifted and sat up a bit straighter against the wall. He prodded the socket on his chest. “Captain? You military? Discharged?”
“What is it with my friends hanging up on me?” he pondered to no one.
“And you need to focus on the problem, Mr. Stark.”
A click echoed behind them. Shapanka gulped. Tony turned enough to see Steve, holding a .45 ACP semi-automatic like a seasoned professional, aimed between Shapanka’s eyebrows. “You heard the man. Start talking. What were you after?”
Steve seemed very excited at the prospect of healthy twins, but those were the types of blessings one did not hear about often, and Tony guessed it should be right for a king to be interested in the goings-on of his people.  A look of concern crossed Steve’s face as he glanced over at Tony, who was lying on the couch at his right.  “How rude of me.  We’ve been excluding you.”
“That would explain it.”
“So.” Carol clears her throat.  “Were you?”
Comments make my world go round.
If you're at all confused about anything, feel free to ask.  I don't get to rant about the Greeks enough.
“Just think on that.”  And with a flourish, Fury strode over to talk with the captain.
The look of absolute trust and adoration Steve gave him threatened to split Tony’s heart into a million tiny pieces.
.”  Tony stood abruptly, knocking the bench over.  “I don’t need to explain to you
No.  Not Tony.
But of course, if had learned anything in his time, it was that complacency when one hasn’t dotted their i’s and crossed their t’s was just asking for trouble.
humanity?”
He hopes that this will not be the storm that uproots him.
The private villa wasn’t the biggest and/or most expensive that was available, but Tony had figured out, in the seven months that he and Steve had been together that Steve was still twitchy about Tony spending his money on him.  It was weird.  Steve wasn’t bothered or intimidated by Tony’s wealth, but he didn’t enjoy displays of it either.  Aside from his houses, cars, art, and the general expensiveness of everything he owned, he and Steve lived comfortably, but in no way did they over do it.  Steve bought the groceries (Tony had figured out very quickly that he shouldn’t protest), and most of their dates were normal type things that could be done for under fifty dollars.
lives up to the legend.  A man with
, if that’s the proper term, tucked neatly about the base of the skull.
(See the end of the chapter for
you can have it, consider it a gift, in gratitude for all you do,” the man blathered as he dismounted.
“God, I’m running out quick.”
“Had I know she was mistreating you, I would have stayed.”
There hadn’t been a chance to look it over since he had packed it away after he returned to Indianapolis from Chicago, with the new situation with Steve and Happy being perpetually underfoot. It had been difficult to find time enough to charge the chest plate, but thankfully Steve quickly picked up that Tony needed maybe half an hour to himself every day, and had distracted Happy accordingly. That was reason enough to hire him.
“I’m taking that as a yes.”
Pepper knows, but then again, she knows more about him than he knows about himself.  She puts up with his shit for ten years, only for him to wake up to what’s in front of him.  But he makes her CEO, and he gets distracted by his role as Iron Man, and it doesn’t work.  They’re both people prone to distraction, and what they both need is someone who can stay focused on what’s important.  They’re good together, but it’s no better than they had as friends.  They both need the same thing, which they’re kind of incapable of giving.
“Yes.  Usually, he gets his run in first thing in the morning, then spends the rest of the day king-ing and training with us and whatever else.”
The stale reek of bourbon and acidic vomit had abated somewhat, but Tony still smelled wrong.  Usually the mulled metallic scent of oil, the slightly smoky but also metallic smell of engine grease, and the gritty-yet-fresh orange pumice aroma clung to Tony like a second skin.  Now, beneath the alcohol and stomach acid was nothing but laundry soap and deep down, so far Steve might have been projecting it, the always (because it was Tony) metallic tang of blood.
“I don’t know if I can be a father.”
“I’ll go sleep on the couch.”
When Steve woke early the next morning from a very unrestful sleep, he got it into his head to make chicken noodle soup from his mother’s recipe.  Something that had always soothed him when he was young and bedridden, and was pretty cheap and stored well.  He took his time, boiling the chicken to make the broth from scratch, and finished it around noon, so he ladled out two bowls and placed them on a tray, and headed towards Tony’s room, leaving Clint to fish out the chicken chunks like he always did.
“Captain.”
I don’t know your weird Irish food.  Sue me.”
It was the running man.  He should not have been able to reach the port in the time it had taken the ship to arrive, but the improbability of his speed was lost when Tony got a good look at him.
“Well, about time you got here,” a lovely baritone called out.
But was that all?
He triggered the trapdoor, revealing the hidden staircase down into the labyrinth beneath him – so what if it was cliché? – and, making sure the light in his chest was at a high beam, he stole down the stairs.
A part of him feels bad that Steve can be so deluded.
“Shell? Like a family or clan or something?”
inspiring entrance I’ve ever been in,” Tony muttered.
Ilya is quiet as he flips through the gigs upon gigs of pictures of dissected dragon corpses. Reports, trying to explain the creatures.  Guesses at what they can be used for.  Formulas for tranquilizers.
It was starting to look like he was going to.
“Steve, what are you on about?”
Sorry it's been a little longer than usual, I had to do an in-depth profile of Ho Chi Minh in like three days :(
“We welcomed you this way, and every one of your Alastors thereafter, Steve.  Should we not?”
Tony though detachedly.
That was when the shelf beneath the coffee table began to fill up with tiny bottles of Essie and OPI and Orly and Butter and China Glaze.  Bucky picked bright and dark colors, not content with the boring pale pinks and off-whites.  He liked the little decals, and the pens that Natasha got him for his birthday that he made Steve draw designs with, but his favorite by far were the glitter polishes, metallics, crackle finish, anything bright and funky.  There were pictures circulating of the Winter Soldier, Black Widow, and the Falcon getting lattes with their nails
“I know this is stupid, but do you have another name? They had to have given you one before you were adopted.”
He had no issue with introducing Steve into his world, but he always somehow felt like he was intruding whenever Steve introduced him into his own.
“And I’m left wondering if I would have ever have gotten to go home.  I never
He looked towards Steve, who nodded. In one motion, Steve reached out and pulled Shapanka away from the wall with no obvious exertion. Iron Man wrenched the mutilated remains of the vault door open, and Steve swiftly threw the man in like he was nothing more than a sack of flour or potatoes. Shapanka collided with a shelving unit full of cash. Together, Steve and Iron Man pulled the door closed.
“You mean besides all the times were you tell me off for trying to implement a solution that you refuse to compromise on?”
between people who cared for each other.  It wasn’t supposed to
And Tony has to laugh at that.
“Trust me.  I know.  I’m good at this stuff.  I’ve been looking for a suitable replacement for palladium.  I’ve tried every combination, every permutation of every known element.”
of this decision.”
“It’d be better to verify this if you had a biological mom.”
,” Tony finally wheezed.  “I can afford a few hundred bottles of nail polish.  Even the designer ones.  Now, come here, before I head back downstairs to the slumber party.  Wait, nail polish.”
of something landing in thick snow echoes through the gorge.  He crouches behind a tree, and sees something massive and reptilian moving in the half-darkness, and primes a repulsor.
Steve had his arm slung low around Tony’s naked hips. He was plastered along Steve’s left side, face buried in the skin and muscle of his shoulder.
Nausikaa crept up behind him, running a solitary finger down his spine.
was there, for parts of it,” Steve adds like an afterthought.
They had largely stopped their pursuit once he began to grow in his beard (helped no doubt by the ointment that Pepper had procured for him from one of the kitchen girls, who had a hidden alter devoted to Hekate that she smeared with pig’s blood and inscribed lead tablets with curses for a tiny lump of silver, who had promised he would grow thick bristles quick), but they still leered at him, hooded eyes over wine.
.  Thoughts and feelings and secrets.  Most eyes are blank.  Yours are full.”
It nearly felt like his leg was going to vibrate off.  Above the conference table, he was his usual post-battle self: stoic, silent, everything people expected of him. (So what if rarely paid close attention.
Peggy cut in.  “Steve is that you?  Are you alright?”
The familiar lines of Steve’s face consort into frustration and rage. He starts shouting.  “That’s not what I mean!  Stop shrugging it off!  Your parentage doesn’t
“You should probably shower, then,” Steve was saying, sounding very far away.  “We got the guest room without a bathroom-“
He waited a few moments for Tony to cough up the last of the vile liquid (there were no chunks, thankfully), then, as gently as he could, wiped Tony’s mouth out with trembling fingers.
“We’ve made some mistakes along the way.  Some very recently.”
Oh god, I'm SO SORRY if you saw this chapter earlier today.  I was working on some crappy bits of this on my phone and accidentally hit "Post" with my frickin' sausage fingers.  I deleted it as fast as I could (it was up for maybe a minute or two).  Sorry if it was spoiled :(  Most of it was saved elsewhere, thankfully.
They were still a foot away when JARIVS interrupted.
“Tony, I may be the head, but
“Of the people in this room, which one is; a) wearing a spangly outfit, and b) not of use?”
Perfect.
, if that’s what you’re selling yourself as, hadn’t been down here, I’d already be long gone!”
Well, the confrontation!  *dramatic music*
That’s a lie.  He knows now exactly what he’s missing, and is incapable of going without now that he knows.  It’s like the internet: sure, he lived without it for over twenty years, but now that he has it?  Not giving it up for the world.
“And, we’re here,” Tony nearly shouted.
“Making opium?”  She held up her knife in lieu of answer.  There looked to be dried poppy latex on the blade.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Before this
“What is it?”
Regretfully, Tony emerges from his cocoon of damp afghans and peels off his tee shirt and briefs. He doesn’t bother covering up. Why would Steve be looking at a naked Tony Stark?
“Let’s go with that.  Anyway, I saw something that my mother always wanted, but learning a bit more about it, I thought of you.”  Steve shrugs and holds out the box.  “I had to order it off an antiques dealer, but well.”
Tony loved Steve more than anything.  It had terrified him to become so attached, but now it terrified him to let go.
always amazing, but troubled, worn, like he’s made up his mind and it was
“Would you like a drink?”
“Could be. In all actuality, it’s what you find valuable.  By ‘you’ I mean the dragon in question.  Most hoard books and art.  One of my cousins hoards geodes.  My great-great-great uncle hoards seeds.  It varies.  But dragons do like shiny things, as a rule.”
“You gonna tell me what’s wrong with you?”
He still wants a drink.
“Tony?”  Steve’s voice cut through his reverie.  He and the four council members were looking at Tony curiously.  “Would you like to join us?  This might just be in your wheelhouse.”
It doesn’t stop it from hurting like a motherfuck, though.
Tony blinked in surprise.  “I used to do the same thing.”
“It’s-it’s-it’s, I’m sorry, I don’t wanna get off on the wrong foot.  Do I look in the patch or the eye?  Honestly, I’m a bit hung-over, I don’t know if you’re real-“
He draws constantly active hands, the unceasing mouth surrounded by stark lines, the tiny curl of hair that shows up when be forgets to cut it, dipping into the curve of his ear and the hollow of his neck.
“That thing in your chest was based on unfinished technology.”
.  They’re just doing this to sell papers.  And if it takes dealing with them spreading untrue rumors about us, well, I can handle dealing with that if it’s what I have to go through to be with you.  I’d give anything to be with you.”
He should go inside and try to sleep. If he can’t sleep, he should head down to his workshop. He should work on his backlog of paperwork. He should do something to take his mind off the siren call of alcohol.
In less than a second, Steve had Tony bent over the washtub sink, cluttered with greasy rags and tubs of GoJo.  A gush of dark, translucent, amber liquid came from Tony’s convulsing throat.
,” Steve growled, from where he had caught the medallion in his teeth, “
“So.”  Tony cleared his throat.  “The Amazing Hawkeye is bad at finding things in hidden pictures?”
That was . . . new.  The gods had largely disappeared from Earth.  If a goddess looked on him with favor . . . .
“Listen very closely.  We don’t have much time.  Since Steve saw you after the war – well, he has a hunch, one that not many people can verify.  Those who can include Steve and his people.  He believes – and I’m inclined to agree with him – that you’re different.  Like him.”
That didn’t mean he couldn’t occasionally miss her.
“Uh, yeah, no, bad idea, he loves his-“
“Do well, Steve.  And you, Tony,” Makris bid them cheerfully.
“That’s the Tony we all love.”
“DUDE.  IT’S VEGAS.  I’LL SELL YOU AT CIRCUS CIRCUS, I’M NOT EVEN PLAYING.”
A bright, hot warmth filled his chest, like liquid gold.  “Hera blessed me.”
“Twins.  Girl and a boy.  Peter and Maria.”
“Pepper, since when have I
Not Peggy then.  Zoey?  But Nat had said Steve was after a guy.
Weight on his heart?  There are so many things that it could mean.  And they are all too painful to recall.
He still kissed Tony like normal, and didn’t really seem to consciously pulling away . . . but the subconscious was a powerful thing.
that looked perfect for keeping away morning chill without suffocating him in the heat.  The perfume was probably local, but perfume was expensive from anywhere.  Papyrus was outrageously expensive, but Steve had still given him some to write home with.  Even in Athens, he had to get Jarvis’ approval to take paper.
After debriefing, they headed up to the common floor.  Bucky stood next to him, silent as he always was now.  In the six months that Bucky had been back, and the four months since it had been decided he could take up his place in the Avengers, yet Bucky was still closed off and quiet.
, which everyone argued over who the real inspiration was.
Pepper was seated on one of the couches, lap top on her knees, a dirty, battered white cardboard box that had obviously come in the mail next to her.
While he’d heard stories, and had some small personal experience from after the war, Tony wasn’t at all prepared for seeing the man as . . . well, a man.  Steve was beautiful, undoubtedly.  But Tony was used to beautiful people; Steve had also smiled, and looked at him with genuine concern.  Like he might care for Tony already.
“Shaddap.”
Steve cocked his head for a moment, then smirked and shook himself.  “Has anyone made any proper sacrifices to the gods?” he asked, obviously not expecting an affirmative.
Peter is small.  He knew babies were small.  But not
“You’re an idiot, you know?”
“It was
“Yeah, yeah, completely focused.  He hasn’t texted me in
Obviously that was the wrong word.  An annoyed look flashed across Steve’s face.  “I wouldn’t say that to her, if you value your tongue.”
, the gunmetal grey of the original suit.
, half finished sketches of him in a billion poses, sleeping and eating and inventing.  There are pages devoted to his hands, his mouth, his
when I heard a woman say ‘My body is a temple’.  And then,” she sighed, and “Clint” went unsaid.  “I was being taught that sex was supposed to be something
Before Tony could answer, the air seized up in a tremendous gust, rolling and expanding in a wall of heat as the flames hit the fuel tank. The man folded Tony closer to his chest and fell forward, placing his not inconsiderable weight on him, as fire licked at his back of his jacket.
(See the end of the chapter for
, Captain America.  So I have studied legends and followed stories.  Of orphaned children that go away to find their families and never return, and if they do, their hearts are far away.  Seeing Tony Stark disappear simply set the ball rolling.”
“Already done.”  Clint smiled wryly.  “Steve’s been a sad sack the entire time you’ve been gone, so go in there and stop him from moping.”
“I’m gonna ask you again: where am I?”
bit like the bottom of his stomach had fallen out.   “He really takes his religious duties seriously, doesn’t he?”
He liked the pyrite.  It was uniform, organized.  Pretty.  Shimmering cubes that rested primly on coal or sandstone.  They looked best on the shelf, because they looked almost manufactured next to the fractured and uneven stones.
of a problem, as the foot-tall creatures were squishy and not very smart, and Steve was ten times more capable than any normal foot soldier, but he still felt slightly ashamed when instead of nailing the creatures in the center of their bloated chest cavities, he lopped off limbs and had to try again.
It isn't healthy to come up with prospective scenarios of your origins, because they could
Steve’s chuckle reverberated through his spine.  “Yeah, but that’s you.  And I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
Steve’s mouth tightens and he nods shortly.  “Hindsight.  But the possibility of you helping me wasn’t the reason why I should have told you.”
Bucky looks like he’s about to cry. “You
He shouldn’t see certain things.  Maybe five years ago, it could be excused.  Playboy, sex fiend, all that.
The main living space is dark, and no matter the temperature, always feels cold.  Vision is sitting, posed like the Thinker, flicking through YouTube videos.  He remembers seeing him do it on many of his visits, asking Wanda what they should watch next.  There was some sort of happiness in him.  Now it’s just brooding.  Tony catches a few lines of the song he’s playing:
“If we’re all doing it, I’ll have
“Good.  Sleep now,” Steve wrapped his arms around him, breath on Tony’s hair.
The dragon lifts its head like an undulating ribbon, neck frill puffing out and antennae perking up. It turns in Tony’s direction, and opens its eyes.
"Maybe you're seeing things."
Steve turned to see Uncle Sam pointing at him.
“With this new engine you oughta pass them other crates like they was standin’ still! How you feelin’ ‘bout the long haul?” Mike grunted around his cigarette.
“There better be a ‘but’.”
Like he was now.
He turns around slowly.
“What’s the matter?  Scared of a little lightning?”  So, Captain America was a dick.
“Do you want to – “ he grinds down meaningfully “ - move this somewhere else?”
And Tony realizes just how tired he is. The type of bone deep weariness that you can only fully appreciate when you’re finally able to finally sleep.
Being a genius was always an excuse to be a bit eccentric.  Being a billionaire just meant that it was more acceptable.
“Why would anyone hide anything here?  I’ve seen things in the desert, Siberian forests, fucking under the sea.  Why suburban Atlanta?”
Which just made it all the more awful.  He was selfish.  And he only had himself to blame.
bottomed.  Not that it wasn’t enjoyable, but for someone in his position, he needed to maintain control.  Bottoming was about letting go, giving into vulnerability, for him at least, and no matter how much he ached for it, it wasn’t something he gave to anyone.  There were precious few he could trust, and only one he wanted.
Maria said suddenly.
Steve raised an eyebrow.  “We have plenty of wild boar on the island, I don’t see why it would too much of an issue.”
Natasha ignored him, so Tony was fairly sure that was the right course of action.  “He’s an artist?”
“Just come, Tony.  It’s alright, I got you,” Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to the juncture of Tony’s hip, who was making a drawn-out desperate sound.  “I wanna see you.  Come for me, Tony.”
Stern frowned.  “Captain, eighteen year-olds are choosing colleges, not fighting aliens and monsters.”
“Right.”
“Mmm, Jarvis – the human Jarvis – used to make lamb and veal a lot.  Never stew, but it was always nicely grilled or fried.  Served with chunky vegetables, which I would always complain about, until he let me have mashed potatoes.  And he always made them, so I always knew he would let me have them if I whined enough.”  Tony’s slightly nostalgic smile slipped somewhat.  “I haven’t had lamb since he died.”
“You guys aren't authorized to be in here.”
, with its easy familiarity, like those of brother-allies sharing a meal after rewarding battle.  But even then, it was very informal.  The only time anyone had addressed Steve in any proper way was Natasha when she was pretending to be a servant to scope Tony out.  Tony could tell Steve considered the Alastors as his equals, and interacted with them as such; allowing them to tease him and ribbing them right back.
He drowned out their idle chatter, and scanned the files again.  Besides the Avenger profiles, there were terabytes off data on the Tesseract.  Whatever that was.
“’The Archer’.  Yes.”
Tony takes a deep breath, and fiddles with the hem of his loose tee shirt. His sweatpants are full of grease stains and holes, and his bare feet are cold on the smooth white concrete of the roof.  “You don’t have to wear it.  In fact, I’d prefer it if you didn’t.  You’ll get more out of it without it.  Trust me.  But emergencies, Cap.  Can’t have America’s sweetheart die of asphyxia on my watch.”
“I did contract him out to the military a few weeks before he tried to break into my vault. You didn’t trust him then, did you?”
Tony was loath to take advice from Fury, wanted to vomit at the idea of apologizing, but what else could he do?  Korkyra was uncharted territory, and Tony had made the mistake of assuming.
It hit him, like the roll of air expanding from heat.
“Hey!” Tony clapped him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry. She’ll
The clock says 5:39.  A voice breathes in his ear.
On the screen, a sweaty man with a comb-over was explaining to a room filled with men in shirtsleeves that someone had to make the duct-tape covered box that he had just plonked down on the antiquated computer console.
“I don’t
He does.  He's been caught naked more than most people.
“Is this because of the whole pre-nup thing?”
His throat burned and his chest tightened.
child will be lucky to stay in the palace to tame
“Levels are holding steady.  I think.”
Time for smut and science!
“Do you wanna . . . ?”  Tony winced at his awkwardness.
He felt like ice was steadily creeping its way back into his heart.
“Why should I stay back? Even the mighty Iron Man cowers before me!”
“Bruce, want me to spoil it for you?”
“I sense I do not have long here, so I am afraid I must be blunt. My mother worries about what ails you.”
“Steve?” Tony asked when “Change of the Guard” started up.  Tony slid from his embrace.  Steve arms fell loose and wobbly at his sides; eyes still clenched shut as Tony moved over to the turntable to lift the needle.
Self-accountability isn’t fun, but it does come with a vague sense of peace.
” Tony huffed as Bucky pulled him into a bone-crushing hug that drove their air from his lungs.  “No, stop,” Tony’s words were muffled by the metal shoulder.  “It’s nothing-“
(See the end of the chapter for
“This is beyond you, Metal Man.  Loki will face Asgardian justice.”
But Maria Stark will always be his Mom.  She's who he thinks of when that word comes up in conversation, and he will always remember to have flowers delivered to her grave on her birthday and on Mother's Day when he can't deliver them himself.  She's the one in the pictures, holding him as a baby, holding his hand, on his arm at his graduations.  Hers is the voice her hears when he wants comfort, and hers is the warmth he imagines when it all gets too much.
There’s red there, too.  Very dark, and only tiny rods amid the brown columns.  Dark, dark red, not purple enough to be called burgundy, because there is no cool color even hinted at.  Completely warm, almost too hot, like they could melt anything, and those sunglasses are protecting others, rather than him.
Now, it was nearly unbearable.  It was one thing to spend time with Tony when everyone else was there, but knowing they were alone, knowing the others had left for the
“Can it.”
When Steve had righted himself, he moved over to where Tony was loading up the eggs in a pipette, and depositing them with shaking hands into the arto-utero.  He handed Steve another, larger instrument that looked like a turkey baster to inject his semen.
Suddenly, Tony remembered his analogy, and couldn’t help giggling, braking their connected lips.  “I gotta text Bruce,” he fumbled for his phone.
When they returned to the floor where Tony was staying, doctors and nurses were running, shouting, all moving towards Tony’s room.
When he woke up, he always was up and out of bed as soon as he could be, contrary to popular belief.  There was no reason to lay around in bed, not when there was a world to protect and change and improve.  And there was never anything worth saying in bed for.
It never felt it like this in the suit.
Steve looks shocked, almost hurt, then bites his lip, before speaking haltingly.  “We –
Maria said, sounding slightly awed.
boys towards an
Steve’s fingers removed the fibula from his shoulder, and set to work undoing his belt.  “We need to swim.  Over there,” he pointed over at a small strip of cliffs, laced with a network of caves.
“Tony,” and damn, the sober tone is back. “Has it been like this all night?”
“You’re stronger than your impulses. I know you. If you’re not going to believe in yourself, then I guess I’ll have to do it for you.”
“Just one more thing.”
It takes nothing to pin Zemo under a claw and to breathe the tranquilizing gas into his face. Zemo squirms, but then goes limp after a moment.
“Yes.”
she continued conversationally.
Tony groaned.  “Let’s go steal all of his eye patches.”
Thunder boomed, and lightning crashed.  Their captive looked momentarily shaken.
-CINCINNATI MUSEUM CENTER
He pulls away.  Steve’s breathing hard and his eyes are dialated.
Steve was already running.
“Well, we got my half done, now all we need is your half,” Tony continued, with a business-like air, but there was a wicked gleam in his eyes.
to call him Captain America.”
“Don’t rush it.  The Fates hold even the gods in their thrall.  Nothing makes sense right now, but soon it will all come together.  But you have to be mentally ready.  Take your time.  You’ve got plenty.”
Out of all of Tony’s bastard half-siblings (of which there were maybe twenty they were certain of, plus untold others), Rhodey was one of his favorites, along with Pepper.  Both had been born before his parent’s marriage, and they didn’t disrespect Maria.  With Rhodey, his courtesan mother had left Athens shortly after his parents’ wedding, leaving Rhodey a toddler in the palace with nothing but the nickname of her place of origin.
“Aww, Nat,” Clint slumped and let his head hit the table.
He salutes them, and takes to the air.  Sets course for home.
“Then leave it urgently.”
must have been written for Steve and Tony, and "Peg"
Steve is the first to come back, ostentatiously to gather his stuff to move it to the new training facility.  But FRIDAY alerts him in her soft burr that Captain Rogers is in his living room.
“He doesn’t care,” Bruce told him, neatly folding bread into a platter of beans the seemed to have claimed for his own.  “Anyway, there likely won’t be much food left when he gets here, the way he eats.”
The island of Korkyra was a wedge of rock, covered in deep greenery, lying in the crystalline sea.  It was shaped a bit like scythe.  There were hills dotted with sheep and goats, field flush with barley, vineyards heavy with grapes.  And everywhere, olive trees and fruit trees and other trees that didn’t grow any produce but still were striking.  Tony could see the peninsula housing Korkyra town, and could spot fishing boats leaving the harbor.  The town of Kassiopi was smaller, to the northeast in the shadow of the mountain.  The shores were lined with white sand and rocky cliffs, with boulders and pillars of rock forming channels and hideaways.  The clouds were close above them, their fluffy whiteness like fresh cream.
, he’s been out in the cold so long, and Steve is always warm, and he’s home. He’s always been home.
Steve sat there, staring at the curls of steam issuing from the still piping-hot soup.  “Who said I was immune?”
“I dunno,” Steve mumbled, occupying the window ledge, one foot kicked up to lie across the thrumming air conditioner.  “Tony shouldn’t go, and you’re busy.”
“Rhodey, even you got one!” Rhodey looked like he wanted to bolt, but he was used to Tony’s harebrained gift ideas like Pepper.  He looked fond as he looked over
He reached to shake Fury’s hand.  “You can’t afford me.  And my daughter says you lie.”
He had never been happier to step in front of a camera.
crying.  “Steve-“
Tony deposited the baskets where Bruce indicated, and after wiping his hands on his tunic, shook Bruce’s offered hand.  “Brimo of Epidarus.  I’ve heard a bit about you.  You’re a metallurgist, right?”
“So she doesn’t?”  Natasha seemed practiced in serving.
Maybe, Tony reflected, it was in Athens herself that the problem lay, not the individuals.
It had been fine when he didn’t know he was in love with Tony.  But now, with songs about love and heartbreak gushing through the surround sound speakers, Steve wasn’t sure if he could handle it.
.  Before the serum, no one wanted to.  After the serum, there was a war on.  He had held out hope that once it was over, he could go dancing with Peggy, but he woke up in a world were dancing was nothing like he remembered and Peggy could barely walk.
“Mother is quite excited to become a grandmother,” Thor supplied.
He wants to weep at how right it feels to have those arms encircling his ribcage again.
“What’s going on?  What’ve we got?”
She let her chair fall with a thunk, and leaned forward on her forearms.  Even from across the room, her gaze made him shiver.  “You’re leaving us little choice.”
The rustle had been Steve’s sweatpants and boxers being pulled down over his already exceptionally hard cock.
He stares at his toe, at the ragged too-long nail, at the wiry curls decorating the knuckle. He has a strange attachment to that number. He keeps it on his phone for reasons unknown. Maybe it would be better to get rid of the number, but he clings to it, like people who save their dead mother’s voicemails.
He didn’t need to tell anyone that he often found it difficult to breathe now that there was nothing making it difficult.
A hand that’s a good two degrees hotter than usual human temperature grips the side of his face, and his sunglasses are slid gently off, baring the way to see the slate blue eyes of the other man.
The Quinjet was waiting for them.
It hit him as he gazed at Tony, lounging on his bed with his legs spread, what was happening.  They were together,
A couple of policemen were handcuffing Shapanka, the rest were staring uneasily at the ice blocks of the several guards who’d been blasted. “Listen up! There’s a heating chamber in the automotive division! Find some trolleys and get these people down there! I’ll send Stark to meet you there!”
Steve made a pitiful noise when Tony took his arm away, so Tony took the opportunity to wrap himself around Steve’s side, rubbing both hands along Steve’s arm. Trying to warm him up, or so he told himself.
watch, I will assume complete responsibility for your stupidity.  Now watch me nag you for being foolhardy, then I will proceed to taunt men with big swords.”
Zoloto has assured him that his lungs are better than the average human’s, and he’ll be fine. And he is.
Tony looks back over at Steve, who is very obviously not looking at him.
regulations for superheroes), and stormed out.  He wasn’t terrified of the ramifications.  Fury needed them far more than they needed Fury.
He stays silent.
He understands, and he accepts that romance isn’t the best thing they can be for each other.
“Oh,” Tony said, trying not to sound too disappointed.  He decided to undo his sandals first, and by the time he was finished with them, Steve was already naked.
“My guns, how did they get my guns?”
“Like your son needs
.  Good choice.”
Natasha just rolled her eyes.  “We all do it.  But Peggy is the main woman in Steve’s life, wouldn’t you say?”  She frowned at him.
He just sat there, shock and awe and
That stumps him. Because he doesn’t really know.  “I’m not really sure.  I’ve accepted it, but I don’t think I’ve come to terms with it.”
With a piece of machinery, you can try something one hundred times and you will get one result.  With a person, you can try something one hundred times and will get one hundred results.
“Um,” Tony groaned, loath to repeat his life story
He ran a finger over the bindings of the books while the technicians adjusted the lighting.  They were all hollow wooden forms.  Not a page in sight aside from the producer’s notes.
“I think it - me.”
Tony nods.  Lips press softly against the nape of his neck.  Then the bed shifts as he gets out.
“Don’t need to be. The title of bodyguard is . . . honorary. Or just something for the accounting people to write down. I get . . . caught up in Iron Man’s exploits often enough. You’d be more . . . doing whatever is needed. Accompanying me on trips. That sort of thing. Does that appeal to you at all?”
The explosives blew while the solider in the front seat was fiddling with the shitty camera.
“Square deal.”
Bruce answered.  “I’m not exactly sure.  It’d be hard to get an accurate measurement, with all the rocky cliffs.  A hundred leagues, give or take.”
Please, he thinks.  If I'm hallucinating, Steve usually shows up sometime.  Show me Steve.
“Hey!  It’s my first wedding!  I can wear white!”
you’ve filled out the appropriate paperwork?” She smiled tightly and blinked too many times. “Is your silence a no? Of course it is. Well, we should get right on that.” She returned to her desk, loading a fresh sheet into her typewriter. “I’ll get this ready for you two to sign later, alright? Any special provisions?”
Tony turns, looks at the snow and ice, rock and sparse pines, and picks a random direction.
“Peter and Maria?” Cap whispered, wonder in his eyes.
“Why’d you come, anyway?  Me and Rhodey got this, not like Billy Bob back there’s gonna take us.”
“Alright.”
There was a pregnant pause.
“Their jargon reminds me of you,” Steve whispered, breath fanning over Tony’s face.  “It helps me sleep.  It calms me down.  Makes me think you’re here.”
“You know, you should come by Stark Tower sometime.  Top ten floors, all R and D. You'd love it, it's Candy Land.”
now, the vision of Tony sprawled out on his expensive sheets, glowing damp and golden.
He had to know.  He’d never see this again.
Thratta went, raging along the corridor.  Maria looked worn, and Tony wanted to throw all the slaves his father bedded and then began to mistreat her into the ocean.
This chapter is very dialogue heavy, but these things just needed to be said.
“Hell – o.”  Tony stuttered.  He turned back to Steve.  “You little sneak.”
“How’s it going, Cap?  Tony and I were just talking about our kids.  You wanna share?”
Belatedly, Tony wondered about the other Alastors.  Were they the spawn of gods as well?  Or simply favorites?  Their attributes ran through his head.  Clint and his arrows.  Sam and his birds.  Bruce and his medicines.  Natasha and her . . . knives?  Poisons?  There were any number of guesses, and he was sure to get them all wrong.
From where Tony crouched unseen beneath a cloth-covered table, Stephanos of Athens was every bit the ideal hero.
Zemo is laughing delightedly, and Steve is just staring. The noise of the German’s laughter is too much on his overwhelmed senses.
“Tony, you didn’t have too –“  but it’s too late, and the premium-grade art supplies are unfolding from their automated trays.  Tony waits with baited breath as Steve runs his fingers over the tubes.  “Tony.  Thank you.”
Steve nods in understanding. He looks almost shy as he asks his next question.  “Are you . . . going back?”
“Stop quoting memes.”
“If you don’t – “ Tony gesticulated awkwardly.
A FLASH IN THE PAST
After so many years of restless nights, it’s disorienting to wake up well-rested.
“How so?” Steve asked, and Tony’s considerable attention was diverted as he pulled his shirt off.  Steve smirked knowingly.
Steve shifted, and it felt like the anger between them had dissipated for the time being.  “When you’re right.  Night, Tony.”
Tony stepped inside despite the requests for him to stay put. Helpers were hovering over the icy figures with towels and hand-dryers, attempting to revive the people trapped within. The uncovering of the face and mouth seemed to be what brought those frozen back to consciousness. Steve was laid out a platform, a thin sheet of ice on his face and upper body. Happy’s arms were beginning to emerge, but Pepper’s head and shoulders were out. “Tony!” she called in distress.
Thank God for eighteen-year-olds.
“The logs basically say that it’s the search area for the bases where the UFOs originated from or whatever,” Carol tells him as she pours what looks like half a bottle of creamer into her styrofoam cup of coffee. “The search perimeters have been narrowed with time, but we don’t think he’s found anything yet.  And it's a huge area.”
“What do we want from you?  Nuh-uh-uh, what’d
He still wants a drink. But maybe for now, he can push it to the back of his head.
Time goes on.  Tony graduates top of his class from MIT.  His mother dies after his father wraps the car he was driving around one of the trees lining the driveway.  They found her clutching a slice of amethyst geode.
They’d had their fight around midday, and had been admitted to Tony’s room around four, after he had gotten out of surgery.
“Are you that guy?  ‘Cause if you are, you can solve the riddle of your heart.”
So it was never received with
“Okay.” Steve nods, largely to himself. “Do you want more coffee?”
She sighed.  She did that a lot.
“Well,” Steve replied coolly, “I was from there as much as you are.  I think I’ve had more experience than you have of everyone looking down their nose at me.”
“Don’t say it,” Tony groans.
To his disappointment, Steve wasn’t there when he arrived, but Jane and Frigga had been left run of the house.
that Steve was a very tactile man, and when greeting or saying goodbye to people, he hugged.
She sighed, and crouched down by his chair.  He felt a cool, gentle yet confident had on his upper arm.  “You don’t have to leave the hospital.  Just come down to the cafeteria, get some food with us.  You need to eat.”
He’s an idiot.  Why on Earth he ever agreeded to something like this, with
The country slowly bled into suburbs, and the cars on the road thickened. Spying a familiar ridge, Tony engaged the jets and retracted the wheels, allowing him to take to the air. People leaned out of their cars and pointed. Iron Man gave them a vacant wave before disappearing into the brush on the side of the rise.
“To whom?” Pepper inquired.
Adorable.  And Steve needed to stop thinking of him that way.
A double sigh.  In the almost six years since Steve had woken up to Peter and Maria in his head,   as much as he enjoyed getting to know them, they’d yet to say who their mother was, or even give Steve a hint as to when or where they would meet.  The only thing they would say was it would be a while.
A warm hand clasped his shoulder. “Iron Man is a
“Just my luck.  Where’s the staff here?”
, and he just took it?  Your little brother just walked in there, kicked your ass, and took your suit?”  He turned to the red-headed interloper.  “Is that possible?”
“What’d we just do
“Steve.”
A few days ago, Tony might have debated it.  However, now the only thing he could do was turn to Steve and say, “How are you not keeled over in exhaustion?  You’re remarkable.”
“Such a tragedy.”  Since Steve had moved out last year, Bucky had unceremoniously informed him that no, he would not be welcoming Steve back to their shared room, but they weatherproofed the sun porch for Steve to stay in during the summer.  It was just another thing that left Tony cautiously optimistic, because it wasn’t in shape to be inhabited in the winter.  Which meant Steve intended to move back down to LA after the fire season was over.  Back to Tony.
Natasha only called him Stark when she was ribbing him or concerned.  “I’m fine, I’m fine.  Don’t you worry about little old me.”
“Is this a test?” Steve asked, forgetting for a moment not to ask aloud.
he thought deliriously.
“Please tell me you’re going to appeal to my humanity,” Loki drawled as he made his way across the sunken living room.
“Yeah, apparently I’m volatile, self-obsessed.  Don’t play well with others.”
“Because of who you are, Tony.”  Steve smiled at him in approval, like he was, maybe,
They stare at each other, and it’s like one of those moments when Tony sees every bolt and transistor laid out perfectly in his mind. He and Steve have messed up before, of
“And then shawarma after?”
“The cell was just-“
“Yeah. Um, captivity in Vietnam.” Steve’s eyes grew soft in understanding. “I built the armor to escape, but I lost a friend in the process. Decided I needed Iron Man to continue work after all I saw, so . . . there he is.” He gestured at the painting with the hand holding the attaché case where the armor was tucked away.
“No, it was finished, It’s just never been particularly effective until I miniaturized it and put it in my-“
“Yes, it’s very cool.”
“Tony, you don’t have to –“
But Tony could feel a fire kindling in his bones, like this was his fate.
Zoloto returns with a large wooden box held in her jaw, with she lays down gently on the floor. She gestures for Tony to open it.
All my love to Sineala, who encouraged me to actually pursue this storyline!
“So he may lie with you on it?” Maria asked calmly, deadly iron in her soft voice.  “Wait, once he knocks you whores up he drops you like hot oil.”
The worst was the memory that Steve seemed just as desperate for it as Tony had been.
Thor would probably get Tony the biggest teddy bear he could find.  Bruce would try for a card and probably be laughed at. Clint was sure to fill the recovery room in the most obnoxious balloons available.  Pepper would try for flowers or a fruit basket.
He shifted uncomfortably under her gaze.  “So, tell me about your latest findings.”
The klaxon sounded.
Steve, he hadn’t taken into consideration that he might have grown a beard – smiled.  “Yeah.  For exercise.  Then everyone got used to seeing me every day.  Now I’m like some sort of watchman.”
“When was the last time you were here?”
“Whoa, Steve don’t tell me you have a problem with Bucky being a little fast and loose with gender stereotypes.  Men can wear nail polish if they want.  I plan to have your dick in my ass in about twenty minutes, so don’t say-“
Behind the counter were mirror-backed shelves filled with black-and-white photographs and a folded flag in a frame.  One of the most prominently displayed was one of Steve, in the ridiculous uniform he had worn during the USO tour.  He had the cowl off, and looked exceptionally uncomfortable as he posed with what looked like several railway officials, a couple of the Star-Spangled Singers sitting smirking around spoons in the booth behind them.
“I can get there faster.”
Steve leaves for his first mission since they began their . . . arrangement.  He’s gone for five days, and Tony alternates between bingeing in the workshop and eating every carton of that new wine ice cream that they can find on the couch with Clint.
He tapped in his entry code.
Steve’s an artist.  Tony had never really thought about it.  Well, he
He was never going to get over it.
“Classified.”
“Tony hasn’t eaten.”
has the magic to make anyone feel special.  Not that being a dragon is the same as being a princess (many of his friends would say he has always been a princess, and you won't find him arguing), but the feeling that you're special and that you belong somewhere else, where you have no problems and people who love you for you and you can be
“We get a lot more rain here than in Athens, but it follows the same patterns,” Steve volunteered.  “Winter is the rainy season, summer is much drier.”
, and clear lacquer called
“We have a Hulk.”
“It is,” and Steve gapes and turns away. “I couldn’t tell you yet, I couldn’t prove it!  I can’t phase.  But
The glass walls of the lab were soundproof, but it must have only been to a certain decibel level, because the vibrations increased enough that Steve felt his teeth chatter in his head.
They were in each other’s skin.  And it burned.
He was laughing, and Steve was laughing, and the twins were laughing.
From outside there were raised voices, shouting, gunfire. Pepper was yelling at Happy, but that wasn’t unusual. There was also a strange hissing sound, and an icy crackle that was probably Jack Frost freezing the guards where they stood.
Maybe he felt more at home when he was alone in a big house.  Or maybe he didn’t know what a proper home was.
“I don’t know where you’re getting your information, but he wasn’t my biggest fan”
“I couldn’t help but notice,” Steve whispered behind Happy’s retreating back, “but he goes on about - Pepper, is it? - quite a bit. She’s your secretary, right?”
“Like hell you aren’t.” His words lower to a heavy rasp. “We’ll both be here in the morning. I’m not going anywhere. Sleep.”
Steve waits for more, but Tony just shoots the camera one last wavering smile until the screen goes blue. Then it goes black as his shield slices through the surface and shatters the glass.
“Stark!  We need a plan of attack!”
Natasha hefted her box of implements on her hip.  “He owes the gods for everything.  He’s not one to forget to honor them.  As a plus, it keeps him, and us by extension, in their good graces.”
It was a marvelous feat, or it would have been, if Tony hadn’t been so terrified. It was
So Tony really shouldn’t have been surprised by Steve kneeling down and asking Tony to marry him.
“Up Mount Kratos and then Nausikaa’s shore.  The ladies will be awaiting us.”
“Oh, and one more thing.”
As quickly as it happened, Tony closed himself off, and averted his gaze, staring into the fire.  “What are you saying?” he bristled.
“Good?” Steve grinned.
“Yeah, I just – I had a date.”
, Captain! And I’ll be sure to demonstrate my gratitude soon enough!”
“Did you threaten to take away his social media privileges?” Tony asked Caroline.
Bucky smiled indulgently.  “You can.  You’re gonna be a dad.  But why can’t you be excited for me?”
One year. At his one year mark, Jan had thrown a party, because that’s just what she does. It was a nice party though, just close friends, Avengers. It wasn’t different from an average laze-about-the-house evening, except they’d put up a congratulatory banner with his name on it. And no one drank.
“Sure.  Go have fun with our beloved Captain.  Oh, and if you get cum on the sheets,
Steve was most certainly a demigod, son of a much more important god than a muse, but all they had was speculation.  He had never confirmed anything before making a hasty departure to his new kingdom.
“Ugh, is this what we’re gonna have to put up with now?” Clint complained before Natasha cuffed her ear.
Tony wants to ask him to say it louder, but he passes the device across the table.  “Best GPS scrambling available.  No one can trace this unless you let them.  That includes me.  I don’t want the key.  But with this, I can forward you information.  Stuff I maybe shouldn’t have, stuff I shouldn’t know.  Stuff maybe I’m not allowed to interfere with.  But stuff that might be . . . interesting to you.  Got it?”
“You have reached the life-model decoy of Tony Stark.  Leave a message,” he said as Pepper giggled.
It doesn’t take genius to figure it out.
“Be nice,” he told her.
Because Steve would never cheat on him.
Because the liquid mocha he sees is filled with more emotion than he’s ever seen.
Tony found himself shouting anyway.  “Why does everyone
Best to stick to lowly slave prostitutes.  Although they might be lacking in societal graces, at least there wasn’t much they could use against him.
“Well, who else would I be considering?” Steve cocked an eyebrow.  “Fury?  Hell, nah.”
“Well, I promise a stress free environment.  No tension.  No surprises.”
“This is the
He hesitated for a moment, but soon enough Tony threw back the covers to reveal the entre expanse of his thinly muscled chest.  Light olive skin, with the arc reactor set dead-center between his vaguely defined pectorals.  Tiny coffee-colored nipples and the still-developing muscles of a teenager.  A wide, deep belly button, covered in the start of the trail of wiry black hair that moved under the band of his pajama pants, slung low over his hips.
He can’t see, but they’re warm.  Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s brow.  A brown they’ll never say no to.
It didn’t take much to have Tony hard and panting once again.
He’d never known how perfect it would be.
“They're so
A soft breath ruffled his hair, and the warmth of the hard chest beneath his head and the pleasant ache in his ass connected, and he remembered.
Out of the portal were
“Hey!  That’s enough.  Now I don’t know what you’re doing here-“
All of the Avengers received a card upon their arrival at the Tower.  The card, made personally by Tony, is made of a unique, microscopic aluminum – plastic compound, and acts as a keycard, credit card, homing beacon, another sharp edge for Natasha to slit throats with, and a ton of other things that Tony is still waiting to unveil.  The only thing that’s really taken advantage of is the unlimited credit balance.
Rogers blanched, and his eyes darted upwards for a moment, the universal sign for listening.  “I’m not so sure I’m comfortable-“
Biting his lips between moans, licking irritated skin and huffing out strained breaths.
A man in civilian clothing was standing in a busy intersection, looking lost.
“Don’t,” Tony grunted, shuffling towards the coffee pot, assessing the carafe for a moment before taking a drag straight from the wide mouth (and why the hell was Steve distracted by the way his Adam’s Apple bobbed at a time like this?), and trying immediately to beat a hasty retreat with his coffee.
“We got a hit!  67% match.  Wait, cross match 79%.”
Steve doesn’t seem to notice, thankfully and unfortunately. “No, I get it. I’d be a hypocrite if I gave you shit for it. I’ve been there before.”
“Heresy,” Tony amended quickly. “I keep Iron Man funded and running, but he has more important things to do than looking after little old me. Anyway, I can have two bodyguards.”
you. We just have to give those two some space. Honestly, I have just about had it with their dancing around each other.”
“What I did?  What I did was to save your life.  I removed all the shrapnel I could, but there's a lot left.  It’s headed into your atrial septum.  Here, wanna see?  A souvenir.  Take a look.”
of wooing, romantic backdrop, you on bended knee, ring, the works.”
“It’s for charity, right?” Tony cut over Bucky’s blustering, eyes lighting up.
Steve stared at Tony all night, wishing he was younger and less broken.  A young man with no baggage, and a heart ready to devote to someone entirely.  Not a battle hardened young-old man, who had lost everything.
(Pssst, I made a tumblr,
“Well, I’d get used to it.” Tony indulged himself, letting his eyes rake over the places where his suit pulled taunt over his biceps and hips. “She didn’t look like she cared which of us took a shine to her.”
Bruce looked taken aback.  “Tony, I’m sorry.  I just assumed-“
“Ten bucks says you’re wrong.”
Carol strolls up to him, bearing a warm bottle of water, which Tony guzzles greedily. She’s smiling, but there is a pinched look in her eyes.  “Glad to see you back.”
“Son of a bitch.”
“Well, I don’t even see that.  The slaves buy the food and bring it in.  It just appears on my table.”
“You’ve been –
Natasha gave him a look of pity.  “Peggy would be
“I’ll put it this way. Iron Man himself couldn’t be in better shape!”
Despite his inabilities at vocalizing what he wants, Steve knows.  This is something Steve is familiar with.
be having a discussion if you haven’t done anything yet, deal.”
Tony wracked his brains.  “Odysseus?  You said something about him washing up here,” he said doubtfully.
They pulled into the circle, and Happy stopped short in front of the main doors. Steve leapt out as soon as the car stopped, spinning around as he eagerly took in his surroundings, the new blue suit he’s had rush ordered for Steve pulling in at all the right places. Tony pulled at the door handle to join him, but found it locked.
–“ Steve groans “- of adding a bit of something special.”
there, that
“Nothing, nothing,” Tony mumbled, and turned about readying himself for disembarkment.
Steve was so tight.  Whenever Steve fucked him (which, to be honest was most of the time, if only because Tony preferred it that way) he was religious in taking his time, opening and stretching and scissoring.  Even when Tony
Steve and Tony stayed for the most part at their table, though Steve did drag him out onto the floor to dance several times, and Tony often found people cutting in to dance with his surefooted boyfriend.
Thor had gotten the thing to close, but the things were still flying about.
“Don’t give me that!” he found himself shouting.  He
Tony retreated back to his little burrow at the prow, where he had his trunks filled with armor and a lump of canvas that was serving as a bed.  He stretched, a crick in the knobs of his spine.    Never again was he going without a mattress, even a crappy one.
Atlas was chained for his sin.
“And we’re two grown men,” he complained, because he did
that there wasn’t anything.  It is so much easier to sleep when you’re deluded.  But now . . . now they have concrete proof of the power they wield over one another.  How the feeling of that vibranium shield cracking the arc reactor casing seemed to permeate his being, shattering every bone and severing every tendon in his body.  The sliver of horror in Steve’s eyes and he realized how close he had been to slicing Tony’s heart in two.
Instead of fussing over it and ripping it up and trying again, he melted the sealing wax and pressed his signet into the papyrus.  He extinguished the lamp, and crawled under his stromata.
“It won’t be here.  I’d like it to be in the forest, near the house?  Your house.  Camp Nelson’s a bit shabby for your usual tastes, but we could have it here if you really wanted.  But I’d like that bluff we sometimes go to.  Spring, before the fires start getting out of hand.  Dawn.  I know everyone would be complaining about the timing, but I don’t care.  I prefer the symbology of dawn better than sunset.  People go on about how beautiful the lighting is, but have they ever seen a spring dawn in the mountains?  With those pink and gold streaks?  It only lasts for a moment, but what a moment.”
The door smashes open, and Steve in full Cap regalia enters, huffing.
There was a massive American flag hanging from the ceiling as well, and Tony couldn’t resist taking the picture of Steve in the foreground and the flag behind him, tweeting it out with “#AmericaSquared”.
(See the end of the chapter for
She snorted, for a brief moment showing that spark that came from Zancle, that hint that she was more than a dutiful queen, wife, and mother, that she remained an individual beneath all her airs.  He loved that part of his mother, that Sicilian fire that they tried to smother in the cloistered rooms in Athens, yet the ember still burned.
There were three other, more male rooms in addition to his and Natasha’s.  One, immediately to the left of Natasha’s, was bare except for a ridiculous number of archery supplies, like the man was stockpiling arrows.  Another room was a bit more lived in than the first two, with a kithara and a well-used desk.  It was quite sunny, with two walls with windows, shutters thrown open.  There was also an empty bird perch, so Tony wondered if this one belonged to the falcon Redwing’s owner.
The slaves and hangers-on were scrambling about, carting around bolts of linen, platters of olives and roast meat, baskets of bread, and casks of wine.  When anyone saw him, they stopped and gave a respectful bow, and waited for him to pass before returning to their business, presumably preparing his victory feast.
, Zoloto directs at him.
They’d been halfway back to New York when the transmission came through that the guys had successfully blown up the Sierra Nevada base and would be home late.  So Tony had curled up on their bed, waiting.  Rhodey sat with him, tried to force some food into Tony and went over his paperwork, but had eventually headed to his own quarters for a rest.
, he thought dizzily.
, Steve?" Tony snapped, harsh as splitting ice and shifting snow, like something he had been buried in for ages and had no hoped of escaping.
Still gently sucking on his finger, Tony began to dig through the box resting on a small table next to the
Steve approached the bed, wariness in his eyes.  “Are you . . . okay?  Nat told be you had . . . bit of a . . . break, on your part of the mission.  Do we need to talk?”
Inside, the room was in the traditional layout: throne against the right wall, hearth in the middle.  The wooden columns were wound with wreaths of summer grass and flowers, adding a sweet scent to the slightly stuffy room.  Several tables were laden with platters of bread and roast meat, and there were baskets of fruit, dishes of vegetables and olives.  Four couches were set in a between the four columns at the corners of the hearth, making a circle around the fire.
A look of vague indignation crossed Tony’s face.  “I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that.  Not even pregnant yet, and he already thinks I’m fat.”
Zoloto projects her confusion.
He’s been in Indianapolis, getting ready for the Indy 500, when the call came in from the FBI, requesting Iron Man’s help with busting up a spy ring in Chicago. It had taken longer than expected, so now he was running late.
On the boat, she and the other passengers had discussed the change if names that so often happened.  His mother had been born Sorcha, and the English equivalent was Sarah.
Thanks for staying with me this far!  Just the epilogue to go.
“Good.  Now stop worrying about him.  He’d keep himself alive out of pure spite.”
It’s not right, to see Tony like this.  Tony is movement personified.  Unrelenting in going forward, twisting around, changing.   Even in sleep, Tony is restless, shifting and twitching.
“You don’t really believe that, do you?”
He ran through the building, the numerous windows guiding him to the exit.
“Wanna go for a hike?”
The dragon cocks its head, and Tony now feels the cluster of thoughts that enters unformed but which his brain converts to English.
, eye.)
Okay, this adamantite is not Marvel’s version of adamantium.  “Adamantite” was a general term in mythology for “really hard mystery metal” and was what some of the gods’/titans’ weapons were made of.  Keep thinking the shield behaves like it is vibranium.  In other news, I reeeeeeally hope you like ancient metallurgy.  Cause . . . you’re going to get lots of it.
He pointed out things that he knew: propaganda posters he recognized, equipment he had used with the Commandoes, a pack of playing cards that doubled as ID cards for different makes of planes, enemy and friendly.  He was funny and smart and perfect.  He cried listening to the audio from V-E Day, which he had never seen.
There were the people Tony knew, a few he’d met once or twice, and plenty he recognized from photos.  The other members of Crew 91 were there, as was Peggy, Steve’s old girlfriend and her new girlfriend, plus many of the people who worked in the park or lived in Camp Nelson.  But Pepper was the first to greet them.
“Another Asgardian?” Natalasha called.
It hurt, to think that.
Yanking Tony away from his fervent admirers, Rhodey guided him over towards the throne, and once the people had quieted down, Tony stood straight, squared his shoulders, and drew his sword from his belt.  He held it aloft, and for a fraction of a second a glint of terror glimmered in Howard’s eyes, before he assumed his usual disapproval/apathy.
The lights flickered on.
His eyes flickered open. Tony only had a second to register the absence of recognition before Steve
A delirious part of his brain echoes a benign remark Natasha once made during one of their spa days.
There was a small, sturdily-built shed off to the side.  It looked as though it had been once used as a room for packing fruit and grain with its partly open sides, but had been left to rot for a long while.  One wall had been bricked in recently, forming a nice-looking forge.  A brand new anvil block lay in the middle of the freshly swept floor.  But it looked vacant.  There were no ashes in the fireplace, and the tools on the wall were dull from lack of use.
Steve nodded. “But . . . if I went back to my . . . previous profession, I’d have to leave you – uh, leave here, or – or this job.”
“I have come to do my best to help you in any way you might see fit. Is there anything I can do?”
“I didn’t know that either.”
“Half, but da, comrade.” She punches his shoulder for his trouble, but it makes no impact while he’s in the suit.
“Do you want a Shirley Temple?” Tony taunted with a shit-eating grin.
That part of the file was standard, but there is more.
Sometimes, he would ask her what she would have named him if they lived back in Érie.  She would smile, eyes like the soft blue of her church dress.
He woke up warm.
“Who?”
“Well, it seems like it’s taking a while to stick, but I love you.  And I don’t see that changing anytime soon.  And well, I’d kind of like to make it down the aisle with you.  I don’t want to be one of those couples who are just
“Not to be rude, but just who are you two?”
Fury snorted.  “It’s just Redwing, champs.  Checkin’ up on us, seein’ how far off we are.”
Bruce sighed.  “You have no idea what that is, do you?”
Steve looked up, eyes bright through the haze of sleep.  “Hush,” he smiled.
He ducked into the room where Romanoff had taken Barton.
Steve ran a hand across his face.
Tony hunkered down in bed was different.  He was curled nearly into a ball, comforter bunched around his shoulders and neck, making only his head and a loosely-clenched fist visible.  His mouth was open, soft and red, but it was really only parted lips which let out tiny puffs of breath every few moments.  His hair was a tousled mess, and his face was relaxed, premature age lines only hinted at.
“Good.” Steve presses a kiss to his temple.  “You’ll always be Tony to me.  But it does fit.”
“All agents: code thirteen.”
“Well, we’re global, so I’m visiting plants and facilities on every continent all the time. But Flushing is my base.”
Tony looks up from a pile if miscellaneous wire and sees he has guests. Bearing bribes.  Carol is carrying a giant thermos, and Rhodey a pastry box.
There was the sticky, tacky feeling on his skin that went with vigorous sex, and the loose feeling in his ass implied he’d bottomed.  Strange.
"Nah, I much prefer going solo."
“That’s different.”
“I can’t stay.”
He let out an involuntary shudder, then to his horror, a sob.
Ma would tell him sometimes, about when her family had saved up enough for her ticket on the boat, her sister Treasa had left two years before, and she was supposed to go with his aunt, but their father had died, and it took a while to save up again.  Aunt Theresa (as she became when she landed at Ellis) had offered to wait, but his mother had told her to go ahead without her.
“They do this every year?” Tony asked, taking in the red, silver, and blue Mardi Gras beads, flag bandanas, and patriotic sunglasses.
When the crowd had sufficiently died down (mainly due to Tony shouting “We’ll be here all day, folks!  Might get a little more face time if you corner us later.”), they entered the rotunda through the wide glass doors, and were
Or maybe not. He had started swerving as he convulsed. The cheers of the crowd turned to screams. With a split second decision, Tony pulled the car sharply left, directly towards the guardrail.
“Oh god, Tony, I needed this.”
By the time Tony caught up with Steve, he was sweating profusely and his himation was half hanging off him.  He swallowed around the dry lump in his throat as he panted.  “Umm, can I extend my sincerest apologies to the King of Korkyra, who I assumed would not be running around his island naked?”
Carol bounces up to them, wearing the massive grin she’s worn since she left for her mysterious brunch. “Are you going to sit around all day, or are you going to let me blow shit up?”
Seeing the blood-colored face of Schmidt, Steve had to agree.
“What did he do?” Steve shouted, already running for the elevator.
Wind. Just wind.
it.  He seemed to issue an aura of
, brooding) and being on the brink of throwing away all the work of the past few years. It’s always buzzing in the back of his head, that he can make all the thoughts and worries and pain go away with under a liter of liquid.
It’s an
Tony flicked a wrist vaguely to his right.
?”  Tony wailed.  “Maybe there’s a ransom note coded in the pixels.  What babies does Steve know?  Or does he
“Everyone always assumes.”
“So, how’s Wakanda?”
She gripped the sides of his face, her deep earthen eyes old and fierce.  “She appeared to me.  She told me that she sympathized with my plight.  She told me she could not sway your father, but she could make
“A lot of people don’t think I’d ever have kids.  They say I’m not the fatherly type.  When I was younger, I believed them; I convinced myself I never would have them.”
Thank you so much if you have stuck with this through the end!  I really appreciate all the comments and kudos I've gotten!  I love you all so much, and I hope you continue to like what I have coming up!
happen usually once a day.  Usually more.  And he’s not twenty-five anymore, goddamnit, but it’s Steve, looking at him with darkened eyes, very aroused and very sad, and Tony doesn’t know why Steve always looks so destroyed nowadays, like someone is skinning the flesh of his heart off an atom at a time.
Steve snickered.  “Well, that’s what a lot of people working in factories saw themselves as.  They had no idea what the hell they were making.” He gestured vaguely at the entire section of the exhibit, which was about war industry.  There were a ton of black-and-white photos of men and women, mostly women, pulling finished products off assembly lines, as well of examples of the finished products beneath Plexiglas.
“Then do it for Eyas.”
The sky has darkened considerably by the time they break apart, violet and plum shadows streaking the clouds. “Well, we had best get going.  Can’t let Zemo dance around free forever.”
crossed Steve’s face, but the expression smoothed out into a mask of indifference.  He shrugged.  “No reason.  When do we go?”
“You best get used to them,” she set the jar on the dressing table and kicked a small
“Look,” Tony spat.  “Don’t give me any of this ‘I’m supposed to be a role model,’ or ‘you’re Howard’s son’ bullshit.  You need stop caring about doing what people expect of you, and I’m not here as anyone other than Tony, Iron Man, your teammate, comrade-in-arms or whatever.  You treat me as an adult in everything.  Except this.
He leaves out sketchbooks, too.
Steve Rogers realized he was in love with Tony Stark in a hospital cafeteria at 1:13 in the morning, watching the Norse god of thunder choke on tapioca pudding.
“Don’t talk about him like that,” she snapped.  “What we had – what we had – I
