“Fantastic,” I said, with that same foolish, thrilled awe. “However did you determine ‘rounded shoulders’?”
“Mmm, sounds intolerable.”
Mycroft sighed, his mountainous shoulders bending down to form a summit. “You are capable of infiltration the likes of which most agents are not, and you well know it. The Prime Minister is becoming...concerned, and my work becomes so much more tedious when he is displeased.”
she had said, like a motto. The couple in front of us, they were more than what they seemed, and all the more dangerous for it.
“Let us attempt to locate this “special” passenger,” Holmes said, waiting patiently for me as I climbed from the cab, retrieved my cane, and paid our driver.
Worthy was puce with rage, one hand clutching his bloodied arm and the other leveled in a bee line at my head. I flinched, ducking down and cursing as one of his bullets sent my hat flying from my brow.
I croaked out a disbelieving laugh. “I used to think you an accomplished liar.”
“A friend,” the man scoffed. “Did you ask some invert from your club for help, Mr. Larssen?” I rankled at his derision, but the man shrugged his shoulders in dismissal. “It’s no matter. Even if you’re armed, we outnumber you.”
And his notes. What would I do with those? They were an unimaginable mess but they were no doubt a treasury of information on London’s criminal underbelly. What could I possibly do with such material? What would I even find?
“I understand. We can speak no more of it, if it is a cause of discomfort. But I’m afraid, knowing this truth about you, that I may be unable to avoid asking you some questions.”
, Mrs. Coram!”
a man, with the fullest and tenderest capacity of my heart, before I loved Sherlock Holmes. I daresay I am unlikely to care so profoundly for another in the future.
hear about it! Denied my fare! Denied a telegram! Denied keeping my
He turned his back on me, and I sat up in my bed. “Holmes.”
“When I asked you not to blame yourself, Holmes,” I said lowly, vibrating with restrained anger, “I did not mean for you to deflect all that hurt you onto my shoulders.”
“I will see you in the morning,” I said, voice soft.
aware of it. You spoke with her. You
"Of course," said Peter quickly. His youthful face was striking in its joy as he and his lover stood. "We will leave you, but do not expect this to be the end. By my word, we shall find some way to thank you."
I will know.”
“How tedious for you,” Holmes deadpanned. “Station Master Bertram from Bridlington showed us a strange telegram that he received from you last night, sir. It concerned the missing train, but it was barely comprehensible.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Holmes leaned in. “There was actually a point in my sojourn where I lived as a maid in Berlin for three months,” he said, low and cavalier. “It was actually quite amenable to my lifestyle, and even more so for the purposes of ensnaring one of Moriarty’s lieutenants. The man was woefully paranoid of everyone but his servants, and it was all too easy to lead the police to his door after he let enough slip in my earshot. There is so much whispered in front of those society seeks to ignore, Watson.”
“I’m sure.”
“I respectfully disagree,” Mycroft said pointedly, leaning heavily on his walking stick. “I would not have come all the way from Diogenes to interrupt your holiday plans if I was not certain your skills would prove imperative to the solving of this problem.”
tomorrow morning—condemned, reputation ruined, facing prosecution—terrified me more than the same fate had ever frightened myself.
I scolded, and bit the inside of my cheek so as not to swear as he pointedly pressed the cloth against my wound.
And with that, we were left alone.
Hopkins leaned back, arms crossing across his chest. “The young man’s body was found near the bureau, just to left of it; he was not in bed at the time of the attack, but rather, I suspect from the angle of his body, that he was sitting and working late by candlelight. The wound was on the right side of his neck and from behind forwards, angled towards the collarbone—as though he’d stabbed facing away from his attacker when the devil struck him. We found the knife some feet away from the body, so it’s quite impossible he could have fallen upon it, and then there’s the man’s dying words of course. But finally, there was a very important piece of evidence which was found clasped in the dead man’s right hand.”
“I’m glad to hear it,” said Holmes, mouth twisting in a grin. “Let me comfort you further with the promise that I
With little decorum, Holmes swiped the glasses from the inspector’s open palm and examined them with utmost interest. He held them on his own nose, endeavored to read through them, went to the window and stared up at the street with them, and turned them over and over in the morning light. Finally, with a sudden and short chuckle, he returned to his seat and extended the pince-nez back to the inspector, eyes shining with the thrill of deduction.
He had slipped away into unconsciousness, but his breathing was level. Exhaustion had taken him, and I swayed where I knelt in the mud as its power took hold of me in kind. I squeezed his bound, icy hands in mine, pressing my mouth to his frozen knuckles. My own eyes slipped closed, mind reeling at what I had so nearly lost and marveling what had been returned to me. My Watson would live. He would live.
Pulse fluttering like a hummingbird had been let loose in my blood, I carefully stepped closer. In a handful of footsteps, I eliminated the distance between us, and I was finally near enough to feel the heat of his body once more, looking into his eyes with every cell in my body tense in anticipation.
I shake my head. “Only I can testify what happened when the carriage crashed, Holmes. Otherwise, it could be argued that you had no cause to shoot Professor Coram like you did, and you yourself could be implicated for a crime.”
“There is only the physical left, Holmes,” I said, and nerves skittered like butterflies beneath my skin.
“Yes, Mr. Holmes, it is as you say sir, he does smoke something terrible! All day and sometimes all night, sir, you’d thought it was a London fog on some days. Thank you for alerting me to the state of the Professor’s rooms, it does the man no good to live in conditions, with his health as it is.”
“He were warned,” the man said, tossing his stick from one hand to the other.
"There is nothing in this world you could do that would make me pity you, Watson," Holmes intones, and I bite the inside of my cheek at the declaration. Only Holmes could soothe my greatest fear without effort. "You are a soldier who has seen and experienced the horrors of combat. Nightmares, like war wounds, are nothing to be ashamed of."
“The Corams. I want to know everything. But first, I have to ask—how on earth did you catch up to us?”
All too willing, I slumped limply back to rest, releasing his hand. I sighed as my muscles sank into the mattress, bone-weary, and focused my gaze on the darkened window across the room.
“One never knows what insights could be inspired by the countryside,” Holmes replied placidly, a canny light flickering in his eyes, and I looked heavenwards for patience.
The partners turned to face us, and the sight of them made my stomach sink in dread. There was a madness, glinting in their eyes. An intensity shared between them, born not just of devotion, but something deeper that I did not yet understand. The woman had nearly poisoned herself, nearly out of protest.
“Holmes,” I gasped, kneeling beside him. He did not respond, and I desperately scanned his body for injuries. A welt was blooming below one of his high cheekbones, and the blood smeared across his face came from his mouth, crimson dripping from his pink lips down the column of his neck to pool in the street. My heart stuttered in fear at the prospect of internal bleeding, and my fingers frantically sought the pulse point in his neck. I released another gasp of relief to find it slow but steady, and I held my own breath as I listened for Holmes’s breath sounds. They seemed to rasp in the channel of his throat as air left through his nose, but did not seem labored enough that I would be forced to aid him.
I had barely opened my mouth to voice resistance to this before Holmes beat me to the task. “I know why you’re here, Mycroft, and what you have me do. But as I told you in your first entreaty for my assistance, I am hardly an agent of her Majesty. You’ve dozens of loyal operatives willing and prepared to help you in this matter. My own expertise is neither needed nor required, and my methods would be wasted on such...government busywork.” The last was said with no little distaste.
“…For whatever it’s worth,” I managed, voice thick. “I never wanted…” My voice broke, but through force of sheer will I mastered it, hammering it even. “I am sorry, Holmes. I never meant to cause you discomfort. Our partnership has been…my privilege. And so was your friendship. Thank you for…everything.”
had been the one to leave my gloves at the inn, you would have chastised me within an inch of my life, doctor.”
"Only after two have become familiar with each other, and the practice. Some prefer less...animation in a kiss, or prefer stimulation elsewhere." I lifted an eyebrow. "Where do you fall?"
I stared at him, and then immediately burst out laughing. It hurt something awful but I could not stop, and through my wheezing I heard him dissolve into boyish, deviant giggling.
“Mmm,” Holmes agreed. “The recent rain has preserved the tracks in the mud. See how the horses were forced to dig into the mud to gain traction.” He pointed to where handfuls of loam had been kicked from the earth in piles near muddied hoof-tracks.
I felt a feather-light touch upon my hand, and immediately I recoiled, flinching back. The touch disappeared and reason percolated through the sudden fear that had seized my limbs. I opened my eyes, cheeks flooding with embarrassment at my reaction.
“Darling?” Coram said.
“You are not obligated to call me
“Remarkable, Holmes,” I said wonderingly. “...It truly is a plot, as you said. I can’t imagine someone constructing something like this on a whim—and it certainly couldn’t be done alone!”
“You engaged them,” Holmes said. “And clearly emerged the victor.” He offered a weak, if proud, smile, which at any other time would have rendered me warm with joy.
"...You may always come to me, in the occasion they fail to work," Holmes says, expression serious despite the reservation in the offer.
With that, my heart broke cleanly in two. This was almost worse than anything I had imagined. His cold callousness was almost more unbearable than rage. I would have nearly preferred it, when only last night, he had been squeezing my hand at my bedside. Slowly, I stiffened to agonizing attention.
“Good Lord,” I said, shaking my head as Holmes lit the lamp for a flickering, final touch.
myself.”
“Indeed,” said Holmes, grim. “But I do fear that even if Johann should comply...Peter will not be returned.”
“Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson,” he greeted, his elder face wan.
“Of course, my dear fellow,” said Holmes, genial. He lifted his glass to his mouth, taking a measured draught. “My conversation with the ladies backstage was particularly stimulating. I observed several informative aspects about the process and steps required to prepare for a stage like the Circle’s, and a great deal many techniques that I can apply to my work. I have always wanted the option to move in disguise as a woman, Watson, it would be an indispensable skill in my repertoire.” Holmes took another drink. “They were somewhat reluctant to share any information with me at the first. They’d only invited me back to inspect me, I believe.” He chuckled. “They were well acquainted with Peter Ables, Watson, and were concerned on his behalf that a stranger was inquiring about him.” Holmes’s smile broadened. “And claiming to be a former flame.”
“Tell me your plan,” I said, tapping a finger on his bicep.
“Whatever became of them?” I asked aloud, shaking my head. “The men in the compartment. To just disappear, along with an entire train…it’s unbelievable, Holmes.”
Watson requires breakfast posthaste, we’ve a train to catch!”
“A man of his age and station, it is perfectly natural that he should have married, and yet I saw no wedding band on his finger,” my friend offered casually. “But I did notice, madam, underneath the stench of the good Professor’s tobacco the unmistakable scent of civet. A glandular secretion of the
His small smile twisted into a broader grin. “Why, outside the luggage room, of course.”
“You’re a better one,” Holmes said. “And he would have killed you.”
"Ties to home can often be the most potent," Holmes mused sympathetically, convincing enough one could almost believe he was a man who enjoyed small, trite conversation. "What ties brought you here to England, my good man?"
“Forgive me if I am interrupting, gentlemen," Holmes said, with a voice like woven silk. I searched for words and found I could not manage a reply. I could not concentrate on anything but his face. Where before, darkness had lined Holmes’s eyes, now their lids were shaded with ashy powder, making his eyes glitter like veins of silver in rockbeds of granite. His face was powdered pale and perfect, and soft rouge swept in rosy, Cézanne brushstrokes across his cheekbones. His thin, expressive mouth had been painted in a flush, inviting pink, just a shade darker than its natural color, and my heart seemed to batter against the gate of my ribcage at the sight of his loose hair, which had been mussed enough to appear nearly disheveled, almost as if someone had run their fingers through it like I had craved to—
I frowned over the grubby, blank back of the note. "However are you supposed to reply with no return address?"
“I see,” Holmes said, frowning. “But you are…still an active member? Your ring, it still stands as a sign of valid entry?”
Perhaps in transcribing the events that inspired the nightmare haunting my nerves, its influence will be purged. It will never enter the light of day nor the pages of the
I tilted him, struck his back again hard, twice, and moved him back to give him more breaths. I would give him my oxygen, I would give him anything, my life, my soul, there was nothing I would not give to have him breathe
“I don’t know what you’re accusin’ me of,” the man cried. “I’m just a man workin’ for pay, tain’t no crime to indulge in a snifter or two! Not a real one!”
I was staring at him, I knew, with a shock that had rattled its way into my marrow.
,” Robinson said acidly. “Important documents, and I can’t keep them because my bag was ‘oversized’! It was no larger than that whelp’s head, I tell you! Unacceptable!”
I thought, and in a fit of sudden, terrible rage, I seized the pipe and hurled it at the mantle. The second it left my fingertips, regret struck my gut like a blow, and the crack of it against the fireplace siding daggered my stomach with dread. I lurched, stricken, from my seat and staggered to where it lay fallen upon the hardwood. I bent, fingers brushing around the pipe and lifting it with apologetic slowness.
upright when your people arrived at the scene of the crime, Hopkins.”
Holmes looked torn, appraising me with narrowed eyes as though skeptical of my willingness to divert the course we had stumbled on, but eventually his shoulders drooped. “You are right,” he admitted. He lifted his hand to where mine rested over his heart, sliding his violinist fingers between mine. “And the more moral party between us, naturally.”
And it was close enough to the truth that when he smiled at me, eyes gleaming with the light of yet-unraveled mystery, I could mirror him without the slightest tremor.
“Ta, Doc.”
Blinking and pale, Ms. Tarlton nodded, and after leading us into the large sitting room, she quickly gave us a shorter, more emotional summary of the night’s events that paralleled near-exactly Hopkins’s early recounting to us at Baker Street. Her willingness to meet Holmes’s and my eyes as she recounted the tale only further solidified my impression that she’d had no part in the night’s tragic events.
“Unfortunately, the path is tiled at that point.”
Holmes cleared his throat. “Ah. I...acquired a horse.”
“Indulge me,” I said, mildly exasperated, and with a considering look, Holmes eventually bowed his head.
“As I live and breathe! The Watson moratorium has ended!”
The question touched some deep part of me with its artlessness. Holmes asked it like he genuinely had no notion why I could ever harbor such feelings. Was it truly so unknown to him, his own allure? Or did he not understand how I could be brought to see it?
but silence and failure and the death of the one I held most dear.
Holmes just looked at me for a wary moment, looking so exhausted and hollowed out that I had half a mind to tell him to go home, and explain the rest later. But perhaps, it would be better to speak of it now, and get the entire affair over with.
It did not take us a long as I would have thought, but as a puzzle of engineering, it was natural that Holmes took to the task like an experienced mechanic. Soon, our experiment was all but finished, and as we rolled it out onto the turnstile, I could still scarcely believe its simplicity.
Despite the intensity warring beneath still waters, he was achingly gentle as he clicked each cuff into place around my wrists, as if my hands were fragile things. In the second before he withdrew from me, his gloved thumbs skimmed across my knuckles. Reassuring. Steadying. A promise, but one I knew he could not keep.
Holmes swallowed visibly. “I…the impulses I have experienced are not based in any known reality. They are…recently developed, and strike me at the oddest times. I know only that…that I wish to try. That I
I made a concentrated effort not to think of Holmes in a maid’s frock. I failed considerably. His eyes glowed with the thrill of the chase as he leaned closer, and the room around me grew uncomfortably hotter.
I narrowed my eyes. "And how long must he do so, before you return Peter home?"
Johann stared, blue eyes wide, before nodding. "If you're certain," he said. "Then I'd be happy to."
“By all means!” said Mr. Everett. “I can fetch that report for you, while you take a look at it. The warehouse is just behind that gate, there, on the left.”
“And as always, I appreciate your concern, my dear fellow.” He ticked a dark eyebrow. “But I must insist on the mobile lab. It took a great deal of time to acquire a trunk that would organize my materials without rattling my phials with every bump in the road, and I would not see my efforts wasted.” As I opened my mouth, his face turned conciliatory. “Come now, Watson. Three weeks without stimulation and you shall
"I believe that our client's brother is alive, and in fact being held as collateral to ensure another party's compliance."
I thought.
"You..." I could hardly speak. "You love me?"
“Is there anything else you would have us share?” he asked, and the return of smooth confidence to his voice struck me low in the stomach.
“Returning to London, to our partnership here, briefly satisfied that unruly quarter in me. But time passed, and that part of myself which had so irrationally desired your presence did not abate. Rather, it intensified. For weeks, I could not comprehend it. Why did something within me remain fixed on you, try to reach for you, when both of us stood in the same room? Why did the need for your company not subside once we were reunited? It
be able to shed any light on what all this is about, or how our mutual friend just handed me one of the biggest busts of my career?”
The chair was voiceless, as silent and vacant as the rest of the flat. I
Loping down familiar alleys on the standard route home, I squinted in the night in search of Holmes’s top-hat as I rounded each corner.
“He’s just a sprout,” Wiggins said. “ ‘N we look after our own.”
“Without rest and recuperation, those talents are at permanent risk,” I replied, meeting the elder Holmes’s prying, familiar grey eyes with the full run of my surgeon’s bluster. “If you want your brother’s attention on this affair, then you shall have to wait until he is fit for it, and that is quite final, sir.”
"It is a good way to know the goings-on. Such as how much money you friend Thomas owes me on his tab." He tossed me a wink. "That, and I enjoy tending bar. You meet the most interesting people."
“Distinct, but not separate incidents,” Holmes said, nodding to himself. He walked quickly towards the skeleton of loose boards, roof work, and workman’s tools. He walked spiritedly alongside what must have been its south wall, bending down to examine nearby tracks in the loose mud.
My response was short, my attention fixed as Holmes was eased into the back of the medical carriage. “I came upon them assaulting Holmes, who had been struck unconscious. I took them by surprise.”
Holmes pressed his lips together, brow wrinkling. Clearly, he felt as left-footed as I did, even in so familiar a realm as asking me idle questions. “Do you know the elder Mr. Ables? Is his name familiar to you?”
“Well, well, Mr. Robinson,” Holmes purred. “What a predicament you’ve found yourself in.”
All I wanted in this world was to be beside him.
"A drink, Watson?" he asked, carding a hand through his mussed hair, and I blinked in surprise. Holmes rarely, if ever, indulged in alcohol in the midst of a case. As a depressant, it maintained an effect opposite to that which he pursued in the thin metal of the needle. Perplexed, I watched as he began to pour the both of us two fingers of brandy. Hoping a third and final drink for the evening would dampen the queer skittishness of my nerves, I accepted the glass from Holmes as he stepped close, fortifying a smile.
“No,” I said immediately. I resisted the foreign urge to twist my hands together in awkwardness. “I…haven’t been to the Circle in a few months or so, and that was only the once. I…had stopped attending, for a few years, and haven’t returned this year due to the recent…public feelings, towards the community.”
For those few agonizing seconds, Holmes held my gaze, eyes fixed and steady upon my face. But as the shadow of the door passed over his features, sealing him away into darkness, his cold mask splintered. On the face of my dearest friend, I saw a fearfulness that would haunt me for the rest of my living days.
had no time to lose.
"Ever sporting of you, Mr. Farrow," said Holmes, with a winning, curled grin that I found to be perfectly underhanded.
“I know of you, sir,” Ms. Tarlton said, her voice precarious and trilling like an overexcited flute. “I am a follower of your work!” The excitement flickered somewhat in her soft features, sorrow seeping blue and plaintive into her voice. “…Mr. Smith and I both would converse often about your stories in the
I stared. This was a man who had been aboard last night’s train?
“It appears the rumors Master Bertram mentioned underserved the issue,” I said disparagingly. Leaning as close as I could stomach, I cleared my throat by the man’s ear. When this failed to rouse him, I sighed and prodded his shoulder. The master harrumphed, his guttural snores stuttering, but did not arise from deep, liquor-induced slumber.
“My dear Watson,” Holmes started, and I almost closed my eyes at the appellation. It was possible this was the last time I would ever hear it. His attention upon me was intense, but the open concern on my friend’s face was a marvel. Before his “death”, Holmes had rarely expressed even the more general of human emotions to me, but towards what I once considered the end, that had begun to change. After his return, I found myself frequently taken aback by the degree of feeling which Holmes allowed to seep into his expressions and tone in my presence, and now was no exception. But this new openness left room for greater pain: here, I had no choice to admit that which could destroy my friend’s trust in me completely.
“I—” I shook my head, sighing. “Logically, I agree with you. But I confess I don’t have an explanation for what we saw last night.”
Holmes’s irises shifted like metal mercury. “Why did you stop attending the Circle?”
There, limp on the wet cobblestones, lay Holmes. His slack face, a white crescent in the moonlight, was smeared with blood. Above him, their fists wrapped around thin wooden staffs, stood two figures, their shadowy backs to me.
"What, precisely, befell your old one?" Holmes said, frowning.
My consoling smile faltered. Holmes’s voice, normally as steady as the tide, was suddenly fragile. His eyes opened to meet mine, and I was gutshot by the gloss of them, the anguish residing in their grey confines.
” the man spat. Now I could fully view his ugly face, and I could see that his nose was bleeding profusely, the skin split open at the bridge from a critical blow to the face. My answering smirk was black as pitch, knowing Holmes was responsible for it.
I did not have the opportunity to finish my defense. Holmes, faster than I could blink, had taken my face in his blood-dappled hands and crushed his mouth to mine.
“I shan’t have to, if you make haste,” I said, not for the first time wondering when I had become a man who would feel exasperated rather than appalled in the midst of committing a crime. As my eyes scanned the hall outside of the luggage room, I conceded it was very likely the first week I had moved into Baker Street.
to rule out the possibility of a ranged weapon just because Smith had died by a knife. I
His eyes went wide, shining sapphire bright in the early autumn morning. “Yes,” he said, breathless. “There is.”
With that, I found I could not say another word without falling apart at my seams. Wordlessly, I reached for my cane, moved across the room towards the coat rack, and painstakingly began to shrug on my coat for the walk to the street to find a cab. I did not want to linger in this place a moment longer, else it would sink in that I had just lost my home.
“Good,” I said, leaning back with relief.
I looked in Mrs. Coram’s eyes, adrenaline leaping in my veins. “And he says the same about me.”
“You cannot know,” I said, the words issuing through my teeth. “You cannot know what was like, to come upon—to see you lying there bleeding—those—those
“Well?”
A light blush spreads beneath his cheeks, roses under a blanket of snow. “Romance may not be my purview, Watson, but I do know how to observe. Fine cuisine and finer music are interests we share.”
“He did,” Hopkins replied. “But perhaps he doesn’t have knowledge of the man’s personal belongings. Presuming that Mr. Smith was indeed the target, it’s likely if this was a robbery, something of worth was taken that has little to do with the Professor himself.”
“The performers told me that as of late, the Circle—like many other pubs in Ratcliffe—has been forced to accommodate the increasing conflict between two rival gangs: the Threadcaps and the Derry Cutthroats. Members of former have been seen harassing Johann quite regularly after closing these past few weeks.”
a stone—”
Holmes said nothing, staring over my shoulder at the wallpaper with an empty expression that worried me. Unable to help myself, I reached gently for his elbow. “Holmes—”
I accused, through gritted teeth.
Holmes’s eyes were closed. My body froze with horror.
“Fine green silk,” Holmes remarked, turning it over in his hands. “Wrapped around stiff metal wire, likely woven iron. Too small to be worn around the wrist, and too plain to be a lady’s trinket, despite the silk’s expense. You say this was hidden, Fred? Underneath your brother’s bed?”
your cut. What more do you want of me?"
I needed to say something. Not what I’d always longed to, but
It had been a week, and I could not sleep.
“The Professor,” Holmes said, and his voice was as deep and cool and unaffected as a frozen river. His eyes, however, daggered into the elderly housekeeper like a hunter who’d spotted his prey amongst the trees. “Was he ever married?”
“The criminal mind can be most inventive,” said Holmes, delighted. “I’m almost in awe.”
He was taunting Holmes now, scorn seeping from his voice. My friend’s face was the Arctic, untouched ice.
But I also never had imagined I would ever live in a Baker Street without Holmes.
“A report which will find its way into the hands of your superiors,” I added, crossing my arms with authority. “And I doubt you will emerge with your position intact, especially as an entire train disappeared on your watch!”
Logic whispered to me. My heart convulsed at its certainty, cleaving in two.
“Good,” Coram said. “Inspector—my wife, the Doctor, and I will be taking that carriage you offered. Thank you, gentlemen, for your patience. We appreciate your dedication, but I’m afraid our time here together must end.” His voice went black as pitch. “
were some passengers asked to leave the train?”
“What on earth is that?” I asked, staring. “It’s enormous! I thought you were packing for our holiday, not a trip to America!”
A building case, and tenderness between our two leads. <3
“Holmes,” I said. “
“You will never step foot into danger without me at your elbow, I swear by all the gods,” he muttered, hand sliding up my neck and sending gooseflesh rippling down my spine.
Holmes leaned closer to speak in my ear at a more clandestine volume. “Possibly, but highly unlikely given young Mr. Ables’s testimony of his brother’s character.” A dark eyebrow edged up to Holmes’s loose hairline. “I do hope you are not stalling our investigation for fear I will expose myself. Your poor faith in me is beginning to sting, Watson.”
“Yes,” Mr. Robinson said, narrowing his eyes. “You know me?”
“You’re one to discuss proper eating,” Holmes chided, tugging out his trunk from his bedroom.
“A tremendous outstanding bar tab, my dear Captain. By this point, I’d characterize myself as a business investment.”
“And because I love you,” I whispered. “More than anyone, I cannot be yours in this way until I trust you will tell me the truth, when your boundaries are overstepped. I must trust that you are not concealing your true feelings to spare mine.”
“I guess to nothing, as you well know, but it must be ruled out. And considering the current political atmosphere, it would be negligent not to at least consider that Mr. Ables has encountered danger distinctly related to his sexuality, or choice of watering hole.”
“What he will be is
Blushing, I buried a bashful chuckle in a cough as we left the privacy of Holmes’s bedroom. “What is it, Mrs. Hudson?”
Mycroft lifted a whiskery white brow at me, his Holmes-grey gaze digging into me almost as if evaluating my very center. In the corner of my eye, I could see Holmes looking at me, attention fixed on my face with a faint expression that I could only call smug.
“...Until tomorrow, Holmes,” I said weakly. He lifted his hand, waving without turning back to me, and my throat constricted once more. I wanted more than anything to respect his wishes, but I was compelled that he know. That he understand I was grateful. That he not return to our home blaming himself for failure and crawl into a needle.
I was at a loss for motive, as well, just like poor Hopkins; the evidence clashed with any explanation for murder I could think of. Why go to such lengths to murder a secretary? And why Willoughby Smith?
“I don’t suppose there is room on your dance card for another, sir?” I nearly closed my eyes at the sound of another voice on my other side. Of all the rotten luck, to be—
“An electric invention?” I pursued, fascinated. “Are you an inventor, sir?”
like.”
rather striking, I thought, with smoothed copper hair and a brassy moustache, and striking green eyes the color of ivy.
“According to their reliable testimony, Johann is being pressed to purchase and sell Threadcap smuggled liquor,” Holmes said. “Johann, so far, has refused.”
“Gathering her courage, she ran downstairs. She found Mr. Smith’s door shut, and opened it. Inside, she found him stretched upon the floor, lying in a substantial pool of blood, and the bedroom window facing the lawn behind him had been broken. Ms. Tarlton tried to raise Mr. Smith, kneeling outside of the blood which pooled beneath him, but some of it stained the fabric of her nightdress. Mr. Smith had been pierced by a very small but very deep wound at the neck, a wound which had divided the carotid artery. The instrument with which the injury had been inflicted lay upon the carpet beside him. It was one of those small sealing-wax knives to be found on old-fashioned writing-tables, with an ivory handle and a stiff blade. Later, we learned it was part of the fittings of Professor Coram’s own desk.”
He tiredly tilted a head in my direction, warmth in his eyes. “Hmm?”
“Only an accomplice, my dear Watson, a player in a much larger deception. A deception that we shall see the pieces of more clearly when we speak again to the Professor. All shall be revealed, my dear man.”
“Try to stop us, and he dies. Attempt to delay any train from the Chatham station, and he dies. I see a single constable or plainclothesman from here to our final destination, he dies. Do you understand me, Mr. Holmes?”
"Cabernet?" Johann asked me, and I laughed in surprise.
"Amenable?" I found myself asking, proud that my voice did not shake.
“…An electrical prototype,” I said, marveling aloud once Holmes and I found a quiet corner in which to speak. “What do you make of it, Holmes?”
“The perils of fame,” I observed dryly, seeing he was not speaking of the rain outside. Behind him sat a prolific new pile of letters and telegrams, cast upon my desk with distaste that mirrored my own feelings about them. In the beginning, the many missives from potential clients and fans had been a point of pride and interest, but now they were a chore. (They could hardly be Holmes’s duty, after all, when it was I who had brought such attentions upon us; besides, after so many uninteresting or tedious missives Holmes could become quite unbearable.) Some were remarkable, and stirred
Hopkins shook his head. “It was impossible to say. Their outlines weren’t clear.”
“Breathe, Watson, breathe!”
The lieutenant smirked. “Mostly.”
“Have—have you been a member here very long?” I asked, my happiness wilting somewhat as I endeavored to at least make some headway that Holmes wouldn’t find useless.
Watson,” Holmes chided. “Merely acknowledge the possibilities. And do read the thing in its entirety.”
“I…was uncertain if you would…if you would have welcomed my presence after a dream that disturbed you,” he admits. “But now, perhaps…”
"There is only one way to find out,” he said, and his eager expression made him look years younger. “Come, Watson. I believe we shall find all the pieces we need right here, and then we can perform a little...experiment on the tracks, to test my theory.”
“...I am so glad you are alright," I whispered.
“Oi, they’re getting away!”
“Reginald the bee lover,” I said, echoing his earlier description of the man who had offered us guest lodgings at his Staffordshire estate. “He has hives, then?”
“I see,” Holmes said musingly. “We shall have to interview this...mysterious station master. Chesterfield is just one station down the line, yes?”
To the shadowed expression on my friend’s face as he followed the probing of my fingers, I found I had little to say that I had not already. It was not his fault. The man who’d put them there was in chains. I was alive.
"Thank you. For everything."
“But that is it, Watson. We did not see the train itself.” He inclined his hand a pile of spare wooden pieces, distinct from the metal parts which filled the entire room and which lay curiously separate on the far side of the wall.
"We don't know what to say," Peter said, hand on his dirtied chest. "I likely would have been killed without your intervention. I was raised better than that, to leave you with nothing by way of thanks."
Moved as always by the sight of a child in distress, I quickly handed the young lad and his companion a cuppa. “Here you are, lad. A cup of tea to stiffen that upper lip, hmm?” Tiny hands wrapped around warm porcelain, and I gave him a reassuring smile. “You’re in the right place, Fred. If anyone in this city can help you out of trouble, it’s Sherlock Holmes.”
Peering down the dark street, I found myself going cold at the sight that met my eyes.
“We were glad to offer our assistance,” Holmes said, rolling up his shirtsleeves over finely-haired biceps with businesslike crispness. "No payment is necessary."
It is clear to me now that my mind has been infatuated with Sherlock Holmes since the very first week of our acquaintance. Though it took several years for my heart and spirit to follow suit—through grieving for him after the trials of Reichenbach and Moriarty, and after the loss of my beloved Mary—I can say with confidence that I am deeply, irretrievably, and imprudently in love with him. I acknowledge the injudiciousness of my affection daily, but with every added moment shared with Holmes, I am made more powerless to the singular joy that his company provides me.
“Because you’re an overzealous, if well-intentioned, physician who frets without need and recommends complete boredom as a medical treatment.”
Seven carats each.”
Holmes watched me, wordless, eyes glimmering in the low orange light.
The next morning found us at the only inn in the modest Evesham within walking distance of the train station. Holmes woke me in my twin bed—their double rooms featured beds regrettably too small for Holmes alone to stretch out on, nevermind for us to share—with a gentle, insistent shake to the shoulder.
“How can I be of service to you, Mr. Ables?” Holmes asked.
“I suppose I can be moved to extol upon the aesthetic appeal of your features—however obvious it may be that you champion your sex by way of physical traits, moreover the whole of your species in modes of kindness, bravery, and honor.”
Holmes scoffed. "An upstart aristocrat looking to add thrill to his otherwise entitled existence. Positively
“You saved me, then,” I said, speaking slowly so as not to tax my tenderized throat. “I knew you would. Didn’t doubt it for a moment. I assume you caught my kidnappers as well?”
I had heard before. Happiness swept through me like summer breeze. Taking a page from Holmes, I found I craved more data, more evidence of his reactions. But I could not rush him. Could presume nothing, neither of his preferences or his experience, which was very likely nil.
“Five minutes to freshen up,” he says in my ear. Elegant fingers move to card idly through my hair. “Another five to dress. Twenty for tea and breakfast, else you’ll be unreasonable the entire morning—”
“I have already narrowed the safehouses down to two possible locations,” he continued, smirking, and I started in surprise. “His colleagues at the shipyard told me Ables was last spotted leaving his shift Thursday afternoon. His fellow impersonators last saw him depart after his set late that evening. It is likelier that his abductors lay in wait near the Circle for the end of his performance, rather than tracing his movements back to his home in Old Nichol. Furthermore, it is also doubtful that they dared transport him very far from the site where they took him. With those parameters, there are only two safehouses in Ratcliffe they could be keeping Mr. Ables. My Irregulars will survey both, and tomorrow morning, I will instruct Lestrade to raid the building where Mr. Ables is not.”
“But you cannot know your limits if you have not tested them. Understand me, my dear fellow, that I fear, more than anything, being little more than a failed experiment.”
“I will accept your apology,” I said playfully, overjoyed to see this side of Holmes emerge after weeks of total, committed criminal focus. “But only upon evidence of new habits.”
“You’ve quite the physician on your hands, brother,” Mycroft said slowly, and he sighed. “I suppose I should be thankful there is at least
“What did you mean?”
“Perhaps,” repeated Holmes, with less conviction. “An odd time to do so, you must admit—days after it was burgled, and the night before a train disappears.”
“Thank you, Holmes,” I said quietly, feeling strangely unwilling to breach the silence of our rooms with a loud tone of voice. “Won’t you tell me what you’ve learned, now?”
“Help! Assault! Call the police!” I hollered, and they gasped and stumbled at my cry.
*    *    *
Holmes’s smile was muted and strange. “I have seen a good deal many things on the Continent, my dear man.” I lifted my eyebrows in response to that, but before I could think of a response, music began to spirit out from the curtain behind the stage: a swell of romantic strings, tickled ivories, and provocative brass. A slim hand reached out, liquidly parting the curtain, and a figure slipped out onto the stage, sending up a round of howls, whistles, and expectant applause.
Holmes hummed, eyes glimmering as he set about pouring two cups of Earl Grey's mixture. "Mm, the former, I should say. Note the fading scent of barley sugars and faint stickiness along the letter’s creases."
“Mrs. Hudson has seen far worse than a bit of blood,” I scoffed. “You’ve come home in much poorer condition before. It would have gone according to plan, but a footman escaped the Yard's net and delivered a message that the police were on the move.”
War drums pounding in my ears, I froze there, stalled above him as I stared at his slack face and the blood on my battered knuckles. The moment soon snapped like a broken cord, and my heart jolted in my ribcage.
I echoed, and Hopkins nodded. Holmes gave a prickly hum over his pipe, prodding Hopkins not to dally in his delivery.
“So what of the chair, Mr. Holmes?” Hopkins asked, returning to the earlier point.
“I apologize, sir,” he stuttered from a distance. “But regulations that public access to the telegraph is strictly prohibited—”
“Thank you,” I said again, believing my heart could burst from so much feeling.
The maid practically beamed at my offer, looking for the first her proper age in the liveliness of her relief, and left us. Holmes muttered something to himself, and I turned to him. "What was that, Holmes?"
“Or on his break?” I suggested, uncertain. I leaned against the window, finding no sign of an attendant in the small ticket office.
"And then some. Come, before I am pressed to extricate you from the grasp of another suitor."
I prayed to God and Mary watching over me, and I thought of Holmes.
“No time to waste, Watson,” Holmes said, and bemused, I had no choice but to trail behind him as he approached the new stranger. Upon closer inspection, I saw that the man had unusual red hair down to his shoulders, going blond-grey near the mouth, and that his hat was the kind I had frequently seen on the cover of penny-farthing stories in bookstores, worn by adventurers in the Aborigines.
Like a man afraid to disturb a dream, I reached for his face. Reveling in the feeling of smooth, alabaster skin beneath my fingers, I traced a path up Holmes's cheeks. For a moment I paused, offering him the opportunity to withdraw as our breaths mingled. Holmes said nothing, watching transfixed, the grey of his eyes thin-circled around pools of obsidian. I closed the distance and closed my eyes, turning my head and drawing my lips slowly against his. I did not rush to capture a lip or pry lose a sigh; I savored the novelty, the feeling of a silken, thin mouth against mine, and applied gentle pressure. My hands slid up past Holmes's cheeks, thumbs resting on cheekbones as my fingers sought the short, dark tangle of his hair. I felt Holmes shiver, and I found myself cataloguing the response, employing methods I had learned from the world’s greatest mind. After a moment, I pulled back, heart fluttering in my breast.
“Mr. Robinson,” I recalled aloud, and Holmes nodded. The two of us made towards the station entrance, tugging the door open against the wind. I immediately melted in the warmth of its interior, where a fire crackled merrily in the waiting hall’s hearth. Unlike Evesham, some travelers milled about the inside, likely waiting for their fares despite the day’s cancelled trains. And some, I could not help but notice, appeared far from pleased.
“My dear Watson..." he said, voice coarse with emotion. "I am so sorry."
“Willoughby Smith had excellent sight,” he added. “There can be no question that this was snatched from the assassin.”
energy. “And how were the suburbs of Kent this gloomy morning?”
“What do you suspect you’ll find?” I hissed the words through my teeth, leaning with forced, casual ease on my cane.
I was digging my way through the new post with bored bad-temper, feeling somewhat sorry for myself, when my eyes tripped over a familiar name amidst the ocean of letters and telegrams. Fixed squarely in the upper-left corner in prim writing was a return sender address that ripped the rug out from beneath me.
“Sometimes, it does,” I teased, and Holmes hummed to concede the point. Grinning with no little affection, my insistence dissolved beneath the happiness which welled in me at seeing him in such spirits. As if sensing I had given up my needling, Holmes smirked in victory. Eyes scanning me, he abruptly moved to reach across the space of the cab, hands outstretched and leather palms up.
“On which side were the marks on the grass?”
Holmes was underestimating both the power of his own attractive novelty and the forwardness of the patrons around us. The last thing we needed this evening was Holmes frustrated from an inability to escape a throng of flirts, I told myself, and I crossed my arms at him.
Recognizing my cue, I put on the expression of firm authority I had worn in the barracks, training new recruits.
“The grass
(See the end of the chapter for
Before you, I maintained
"SCOTLAND YARD!" A familiar voice javelined through the open door. Every hand drew up a pistol. "YOU'RE SURROUNDED, GENTLEMEN! DROP YOUR WEAPONS! COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!"
that stupid station master for compensation!”
Finally, after a hour's vigil at his side, Holmes awoke.
I wanted to throw a punch, glance my knuckles across a pale cheekbone, I wanted to take his collar in my fist and
Holmes frowned. "You don't intend to—" His face cleared, flickering with annoyance. "You want me to invite you to, don't you? To say it aloud." He glared, but the look was undercut by the flush in his cheeks. "Watson. I require additional data. Indulge me?"
“So you concluded it must have been someone not just familiar with the layout of the estate, but someone directly from within. Someone who knew exactly where to find the knife, that it would be there.”
“Precisely,” he said, with a small smile of his own in return. “Without a warehouse to investigate, there is no other evidence left to find. Let us see what our station master has for us in his report about the missing train.”
"Your
Holmes sighed heavily, as if I had handed him some great burden. “You and your fixation on meals,” he muttered.
"Johann, was it?" Holmes flashed his most charming smile. "Wine, if you please, your best red."
Holmes straightened on his walking stick, and for a moment he looked enough like his dismissive older brother I had to fight a small smile.
“I'd hardly describe terrorism as a domestic issue,” Mycroft impressed, scowling.
“I don’t understand—"
Scrambling away from the unconscious man, I dashed to his side.
“Watson, you might have to fetch this fellow some water. Heaven knows what dehydration could do to a brain as needy as this one.” I rolled my eyes and Holmes sighed. “Passengers, on the nine o’clock train last night. Did any deboard in your station?”
“And you are so much more than useful,” he said, and I shook my head ruefully, a pleased flush seeping into my cheeks. “There are no limits to what I owe you, and now it seems I owe a debt on my very life.”
Eyes followed the two of us in, appraising. The odd twisting in my gut that had begun wounding at Baker Street snarled tighter at their attention as their lingering attention followed Holmes at my side.
proceeded to look after
“After I’ve—” My voice broke off, and a frightening thought took hold of me, plunging me into anxiety.
Watson wakes from a nightmare, and turns to the pen for solace.
“Yes. It was to transport my valuable prototype safely to London. It is a revolutionary device, sir! Capable of producing electricity for use in the home!”
“We have plenty of time this evening to find Peter,” I insisted, praying my voice and expression were as level as I hoped they were. “In the very least, we should wait until the first performance of the night. There is every possibility that the man himself might walk in to carry on the third night of a particularly irresponsible bender.”
“I apologize, my good sir, for our rudeness,” Holmes said, striding in with the lordly confidence that never failed to make me warm beneath my suit collar. “But you see, I told you I would return to you with news, and so I have.”
“Precisely, and you should hardly need me for the rest. You’ve identified their motivations by now, undoubtedly—you are just as, if not more for your experience, capable as I am in that respect. With little effort I am confident you could ascertain their target, and set a proper trap to neutralize them. For such a task you need a handful of competent men—which should only be a moderate difficulty in your line of work—and a few loaded pistols. You do
But I would, because Holmes was as silent as the grave beside me, and I could not stomach yet another weight upon his shoulders for the business at Old Yoxley Place.
“I do see,” I agreed, mouth twitching at the play of words. Holmes’s eyes rolled to the ceiling, long-suffering, which only broadened my amusement. “I confess, however, I’m unable to understand how you would arrive at the double visit to the optician.”
“I welcome the challenge, my dear fellow,” Holmes says, grinning ear to ear, and this time, it is he who kisses me.
“Come have some tea, Holmes,” I entreated. “It’s ghastly cold in here.”
“Inspector, if you could watch Mrs. Marker for but a moment,” said Holmes, moving to his feet. “Watson and I must check something within the household.” Bewildered but certain my friend had landed upon something if the housekeeper’s reaction was any indicator, I followed him out of the woman’s humble kitchen into her personal bedroom. Looking under the bed and within the woman’s cabinets, Holmes searched the room thoroughly before coming upon her bureau, opening the doors, and crying out in victory.
when I have no need of empathy and you are the injured party
“Nothing of value, really, that’s the strange bit. A few hundred feet of standby rails and some spare parts. Wouldn't have been an easy task, to steal all of that...And why would anyone want to?”
“I…” The masterful control that so marked his countenance faltered, cracks splintering through fine china. The caustic quality that had slipped into his tone disintegrated entirely, and when he looked up at me, his eyes glittered in the low gas light.
*          *          *
Later, I awoke to the sensation that my lungs and throat had been scraped raw by a paring knife. My pulse thundered like an unholy drumline in my head, sending lancing pain into my skull. Groaning awake, the sound rasping from my throat, I clenched my eyes shut. God in Heaven, it was worse than any bottle-ache I’d ever experienced. My very eyes throbbed in agony with every heartbeat.
I spluttered, face burning, and Holmes continued in the same conversational tone, “And I suppose I can be encouraged to wax poetic on the unique and uncommon cerulean coloring of your eyes, and the reliable strength of your hands, and the alluring quality in your voice when you are concerned for my welfare or righteous in anger...”
Holmes, to my chagrin, looked intrigued. “Who is it, Mrs. Hudson? Did they give a name?”
"You’re hardly the only adult in London with a preference for sweets, my friend,” I teased.
“Ample enough time to hatch an idea,” said Holmes, smiling with a devilishness that not even the most mortal wounds could repress. “We will ensnare this Baron Gruner, and see that he is made accountable for his crimes. But it will require some deception, from us to the public at large. And I will need your help.”
“Unlocked, and no attendant,” I muttered. “Let’s go in, Holmes.”
“He will catch you. Both of you will go to the noose for what you did to Smith. Surrender now, while you still can, and you and your husband might be given clemency.”
The woman’s teacup clattered in its saucer as it slipped from her shaking fingertips, spilling over-steeped tea across the scratched wood, and she began whispering frantic apologies.
Mr. Everett shook his head from where he sat behind his desk, a cup of hot tea in hand. “All I know, sir, is that it was a highly secure car, ordered by a private party. They're generally to carry items of value, like luxury cargo. Those wagons have iron walls, you know, without any windows, and they are fitted with a complex key lock. But if you finger it for the reasons behind this mess, Mr. Holmes..." He tapped his hand on the desk. "I never heard of anyone getting into one that wasn’t supposed to, not in all my years as a station master.”
"I wondered the same thing myself, Dr. Watson," Ms. Tarlton said, bright-eyed. "You have a logical mind, sir." In the corner of my eye, I thought I saw Holmes's face twitch. I was flummoxed myself: rarely was that word affixed to me, especially when I stood next to its paragon. "But evidently, it is a matter of pride. The professor, his strength wanes, but he is intent on remaining mobile, Doctor, even if he is not capable of walking down the stairs without Mortimer at his arm."
"Young Wiggins," I agreed. "One of your Irregular rascals?"
“It’s time for our experiment, Watson,” Holmes interjected, steamrolling over me and taking me by the elbow. “And our laboratory awaits us in the repair room.”
." He uttered the word with deepest distaste.
“Release my wife,” Coram ordered, his voice steady. His nostrils were flared, eyes piercing with a rage that filled my stomach with ice water. “Release her, or I will fire a bullet directly into the good doctor’s heart.”
“How long have you been working here, Mr. Bertram?” I asked.
I frowned. “Yes, of course—we saw it together! It was coming down the line, I saw headlights, I even heard the whistle, if only the once.”
“I’m awake,” I say, just loud enough for him to hear. “Come in, Holmes.”
I had never been able to refuse him anything. I could hardly begin now, when it was him I wanted against all wisdom.
Holmes lifted a dark eyebrow. “And the only to know that besides us are behind bars, prevailing upon my physician’s discretion.”
"You're hardly that," I said, squeezing my hands to the point, and Holmes issued a low noise torn between amusement and surprise. It was one of the more wondrous sounds I had ever heard, and I committed to provoking it more often in the future. "But I have no desire to subject you to something you do not consent to. You are welcome, of course, to reciprocate any action I perform upon myself, my dear man."
Recognizing the thrill in his voice, I hastened behind him out the doors onto the breezy turnstile. “What have you found, Holmes?”
“Holmes,” I said again, my heart picking up the pace in my ribcage.
“Watson!” I yelled, and my throat constricted, his name mangled in my mouth. His face was slack and his eyes were closed and he was—he was a still corpse in my arms, oh God, not my Watson,
“Nothing out of the ordinary, then?” Holmes interrupted, voice curt, and I found myself frowning at his rudeness. My friend could be so very testy when people wasted his time with irrelevant details, but he knew better than to interrupt a young lady. (In retrospect, I’m the fool for believing it. It is true that I love a genius, but occasionally, I also love a boor.)
At the sight of his back, my heart leapt to my throat in sudden despair. “Holmes,” I choked out, against every shred of wisdom. My nerves quailed as Holmes stilled, hesitating where he stood.
Pressing fingers to my mouth at the memory of his lips on mine, I felt my face break apart in wonder.
alone. In that moment, in the quiet tomb of what used to be my life with the man I loved, it did not seem worth it.
I crushed the pipe close, a sob clogging my throat. I wanted to fall down and weep. I wanted to kick a chair and rage. I wanted to scream at Holmes, scream myself hoarse,
“…You—”
"Holmes—”
“Outside, if you please, my dear Watson.”
“M’afraid not,” said he. “I sent out for Scotland Yard last night, but with all trains on the line cancelled until the train is found, there’s no telling how fast an inspector will get here from the city.”
Off went Hopkins and for a moment, Holmes looked at the wilted housekeeper. “Come, Watson,” he said. “She will not attempt to flee. Her guilt will hold her here.”
“Any way I can,” said the station master, spine straightening like a veteran of the armed forces.
“Only minorly, my dear fellow,” he said.
It was proving to be a terrible truth now. Coram stepped forward, reaching out his free hand without wavering his aim. His wife, no longer frothing with rage, looked at him with adoration on her face.
“Holmes, I’m sorry but I cannot—this is too painful for me.” Mortified, I turned to go with stinging in my eyes.
"God in Heaven, call me Thomas. Mr. Farrow is my father and if his name was uttered merely three times in a place like this I think he'd keel right over." Thomas essayed a rakish, youthful grin of his own. "I'll tell you what, I'll ask around for your Peter. I've been a member for even longer than our good Captain here and people trust me well enough."
her. You aided her escape from the police.”
“Your questions will have to wait, constable,” I said, voice harsh as it left my mouth. “I
“And willing to kill,” he confirmed, grim-faced. “Somehow, Willoughby Smith began to suspect something. Or the Corams believed that he did. They killed him to protect themselves from the long reach of the Russian police.”
The station master, joining us on the expedition, lent us the light we needed from the storeroom and soon we were hurrying down the turnstile, moving headlong into solid darkness as our lanterns dashed yellow light across the shining metal tracks.
“…I understand,” he said, voice unexpectedly fragile. “I…I will be as honest as is within my power.”
He demonstrated to the well-manicured dirt path stretched before them, trailing in a straight line towards the manor in the distance. On both sides of the path, separated by an inch of wet blue grass, were clean, parallel strips of baby’s breath. “Mr. Holmes, this is the main path I spoke of, I’ll pledge my word there was no mark on it yesterday.”
“Fine,” he said to the wall. His blunt dismissal was the final dagger to my heart, and I was almost glad to see him move away, retreating towards his bedroom. “I will inform Ms. Hudson to put an advert in the morning post.”
"Are you quite done, Holmes? I arranged for a cab at a quarter to seven and it should be here any minute.”
“Your case has some features of great interest, Inspector.” Holmes smiled. “I shall be happy to look into it. We’ll meet you at the train station within an hour, after Watson has his important breakfast.” I scoffed at the jab but ruined the effect by smiling immediately after.
and that I would be the only man alive privileged to their contours, electrified me like a bolt of lightning.
A knock at the door stops my writing in its tracks. I bite down the embarrassed chuckle that wells up in my throat as I look up into a room that has much brightened with morning light since I first started my recounting. My heart hammers even just recalling my impulsive action two weeks ago. The feeling of his lips on mine...
My stomach dropped like an anchor into the Thames.
“Ahh,” I managed. “My doing, that you did not receive it.” I shifted where I stood, mildly embarrassed but unapologetic. “I had all the post gathered by Mrs. Hudson to be read at a later date.”
“We knew from the pince-nez that our murderer was a woman, and an older one at that. But before I could begin to guess at her identity, what first alerted me to the idea of foul play on part of the professor was his cigarettes.”
“A trifle,” he said. He lifted a disinterested hand. “Your box spring has accumulated rust and there is a particular squeak when you emerge from it in the mornings and a quieter creak of metal when, after matters of hygiene, you once again sit—on the edge of your bed, of course, your slippers remain there after you take them off at night—to put them on. There is an average of three to five minutes between the time you sit to put on your house-clothes and the time you come downstairs, time spent on your kinaesthetics. I called for tea at the first creak.”
“The ticket inspector made all the other passengers get off the train, you say?” I repeated, stunned. “The cars of the missing train were empty?”
“Let’s be off,” I said hurriedly, eager to be on our way before we could truly be waylaid. “We’ll be late for our train at this rate!”
I slowly spread my hands, surrendering. “What do you want of me, Holmes?” I asked. “How can I satisfy you?”
Holmes’s eyes seemed to smolder. “I would never dream of it,” he said, voice velvety. I felt heat in my cheeks as I realized how close we had become, standing in front of the mantle. Holmes had abandoned his empty glass on the sill, and the distance between us was so little I had to crane my neck upwards to meet his gaze. His face angled over mine, his height looming tall and dark, and his slow, curling smile sent warmth flooding through my limbs.
“Yes,” the Professor said wearily. At once, his countenance looked quite drained. “It was such a stormy night, and I have been a hard sleeper all my life. I slept through it all until I heard that shout, and even then, I’d doubted I had heard it at all.”
Before us, the front door swung open. Morning light split through the darkness of the condemned building as four men loped in, loitering and crude-faced. Unspoken, they branched outwards into the room, each taking up position surrounding us and blocking the front entrance. On each of their heads was a brown, threadbare cap, and at their belts were old Webleys, dark metal shining in the shadows. Measuring them up, I felt my grip around my cane tighten. Johann was a well-built man, and Holmes had built upon my skill with close-combat that I had first learned in the war, but four men in close quarters, all armed with pistols, would be a challenge without assistance.
“I found you...at the feet of two blackguards,” I said. “They are in the custody of Scotland Yard, now.”
mind, Watson, requires stimulation like my lungs require oxygen, and my experiments and archival research will be as gentle exercise is to overtaxed muscles. A doctor such as yourself could call it restorative.” This time, it was he who ignored me as I scoffed. “In the least, it will give me something to do on this...
“But if that’s the case, then who? The murderess simply cannot be Ms. Tarlton or the housekeeper,” Hopkins said frustratedly. “Neither of them require corrective lenses!”
Somewhat confused, I obliged, only to find myself soften as his gloved hands took mine and began to rub them with economical care.
“Don’t move, rat,” Worthy hissed, crimson seeping through his fingers and down his shirtsleeve. Ice water filled my stomach as I prepared for another flare of heat and searing pain, but suddenly, the man went stiff as a board.
Seven o’clock came too quickly, and by the chime of the mantle clock I was a mess of nerves. I had begun to fret over grim possibilities we might face tonight: first and foremost, arrest, and increasingly upsetting, the idea of Holmes lambasted in the press for charges of sodomy. I had nearly managed to convince myself to talk Holmes out of his idea—or more impulsively, leave for the Circle without him so he could have no means of entering and putting himself at risk—when Holmes’s bedroom door opened, and my train of thought collided with a brick wall.
I blinked rapidly as at my shoulder, Holmes again rolled his eyes. "How—"
“Excellent.” Holmes shifted in the wintry breeze, gathering himself protectively into his charcoal overcoat. “Then we must start with the train itself. Can you give us any details about it?”
“Here you are, Mr. Holmes.”
The blood drained from my face. “Good God. But he will. You believe they have taken Peter to force Johann to agree.”
The Fred in question was, to my surprise, much younger than any of the children I had met from Wiggins’s outfit. At a glance, he looked hardly six or seven years old if my experience as a physician told me any better, though it was impossible to say with certainty considering how short and thin the child was. While all the Irregulars were waifish to the point of concern, the young lad in front of us now could hardly have weighed more than two and half stone. Curly brown hair was lopped in thickets around tiny pink ears, and moth-bitten clothes hung oddly from his frame, his trousers and shirt-cuffs rolled at the sleeves as though meant for a child much taller.
Inclining Watson’s pale, clammy head back, I leaned in and pinched his nose, so any oxygen I gave him would go nowhere but his lungs. Then, quickly, I sealed my mouth over his and exhaled, breathing in through my nose, exhaled, again, again, feeling his chest rise beneath me.
Holmes went white as death, the condescending mask on his face cracking in its porcelain pane.
“It cannot be ruled out, but it is just as likely he is an unwitting dupe than he is a conspirator. Regardless, the only evidence I have points to a level of strategic accomplishment, Watson, that I doubt that man capable of.”
Holmes stilled, but for all purposes did not look like he intended to rabbit away.
Holmes lit his gifted cigarette and in the orange flare that bloomed in that shadowy room, I saw his grey eyes darting all around, undoubtedly absorbing data at a rate I could scarcely fathom.
Holmes abruptly stood, casting towards the fireplace in the direction of his tobacco slipper. “Has your brother any other engagements, Fred? A fiancée, perhaps? Or any friends, that might have kept him?”
So I fiddled with things by way of plot but not in any super apparent way to players of the game. I also decided to directly address the random racism that was put in the game with disapproval from Holmes and Watson (rather than just erasing it from the narrative), because while it's period typical for the time that doesn't mean characters can't react to it with morality.
That beloved, sonorous voice spilled into my mind, an invisible apparition of grief.
"I will see you soon, Holmes," I said firmly, tucking my revolver into my belt and straightening my coat.
“Good lord. When he said it had been burgled, I wasn’t expecting
this holiday." Mycroft opened his mouth, but I cut across him. "And as his doctor, I insist upon it. Another stressful case without respite could damage his health irreparably.”
"You'll never pay for drinks in my bar again," Johann promised, and the both of us looked at each other and broke into quiet chuckling.
“Remarkable, but inconclusive,” my friend muttered to himself. “Far too much smoke." His voice brightened, but he did not turn to greet me. "Good morning, Watson! I've determined that the liquid traces we found on Richard Hemingway's garden tile cannot, in fact, be the uncommon distillation of—" He twisted in his chair, expression alight with discovery, but when his eyes fell upon me they widened a small degree.
I laughed out loud.
“Yes,” I said unhappily. “It is unfortunate.” I sighed, squaring my shoulders. “But we have persevered and shall do so regardless. To arrest us all would be to arrest half of Parliament, it seems.” I inclined a head to the other end of the bar. “And some of their wives.”
“—And twenty-eight minutes to the station, give or take a few if it rains,” he hums, his voice shifting somewhat in timber, like the string of an instrument, as I focus my attention on the pulse point in his neck.
"It wasn't a man." Sherlock only realised belatedly, that his words weren't as reassuring as he had wanted them to be, since the worry didn't vanish from John's face. The drugs and his exhaustion were certainly to blame for how slow his mind was working.
"I am just making sure that there is no tell-tale evidence left,” Sherlock explained with a grin.
"Just take it." The phone landed on the blankets, as the man sighed in frustration. "I really don't know, how else to convince you, that I am not going to rape and kill you... or that I have committed any such crimes, in the past."
"You didn't say anything to my reasons for not going to the police. Are you," Sherlock gulped, "angry with me?"
“You know,” she started, when they were all back to focusing on their tea again, “the younger people are much more open-minded than the ones of my generation.”
I'm curious to know how you liked the turn, the story took. Let me know, if you like. See you, at my next story. =)
bed? Sherlock nodded inwardly to himself and took in his surroundings. Yes, this was definitely his bedroom, although he couldn't for the life of him remember how he had got here in the first place.
"Yes?" Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's disbelieving look and instead of a reply closed his arms around his lover and drew him in for a deep kiss.
"I am in my own flat and I can very well walk around however I please. Besides," he threw over his shoulder, as he marched towards his bedroom, "It's not like you haven't seen me naked before."
"No," Sherlock interrupted him and peeled one eye open to look at his lover, "We agreed that you could only try one pet name each day."
Sherlock's eyes snapped open with a start and he gasped for air like a drowning man. The sudden light and movement increased the pain in his head, but he had to know. He had to see for himself that he was home. That he had made it back to Baker Street and that he wasn't still with this woman.
of people there. If you know what I mean?”
"So did I get everything right?"
"Doctor John Watson," he informed the DI in a clipped voice, that Sherlock had never heard from him, "I moved in with Sherlock, after he was attacked by a serial killer and needed medical attention, which I provided."
"Start blowing your hair or I won't blow you tonight!" Sherlock huffed out a laugh at that. "Smooth, John. Very smooth."
John's attempt at humour fell flat, when Sherlock only blushed in shame at the remainder of their first meeting. God, how had he managed to end up in almost the same humiliating position in the three weeks, that he had known John? It was pathetic.
"You should really get that checked at a hospital. Any idea, why that guy hit you unconscious?"
"She didn't rape me either." Sherlock took a shaking breath and forced himself to look at John and not at the marks on his chest. "She wanted to... I think." Sherlock furrowed his brow and tried to recall the moment in the hotel room. Yes, he was fairly certain that Ms. Valentine - certainly not her real name - had intended to have her way with him. There had been some talk about sex toys, if his mind wasn't playing tricks on him, but he didn't intend to mention that. "She touched me and took of my trousers and then," a violent shudder racked through his body. "Then she called me a freak and threw me out."
“Oh yes, but now,” Mrs Miller’s hand shook, when she placed her glass back on the table, “we’re the only two left.”
“But we’re the last of the elders,” Mrs Miller insisted. “All the others, they are much younger. I know that day would come, but I never thought it would arrive so fast. Over the last two years, all the others have died. Without us, who will prevent the wrong people from moving here?”
Sexual assault, transphobia, transphobic language, non-consensual drug use
His own words startled Sherlock out of his sleepy haze and his eyes snapped to John, who was sitting on the edge of the bathtub. There was still a tight line to his lips, but John didn't look angrier at Sherlock's announcement. Instead there was understanding in his gaze and Sherlock relaxed again. That was until John spoke. "You don't have to work on the case to bring this bitch down. If you tell the police about last night and identify her, they can take her in. I am sure they will find evidence, that she was accomplice to the other rapes, as well."
, but he wasn't willing to engage in this mindless mating dance of the general public, anymore. He had given up on it years ago. Why should he bother, when most people lost their interest in him, as soon as they learned that he was transgender. And the few who weren't discouraged by it, soon realised, that they couldn't handle him. Obviously, rude behaviour, body parts in the fridge, stinking experiments and a fascination for crime scenes, were a deal breaker. For a second, he wondered if John would mind and then scolded himself an idiot. John was only making these remarks, because he was bored out of his mind, where he was crunched down in the bushes.
"They aren't illusions," Sherlock growled and forgot the situation he was in for a second and glared at his host. He hated when people tried to fool him. "I know that you are the serial killer."
Sherlock waited patiently for John to continue, as his lover took a few deep breaths to calm himself down. "My Dad started to blame my sister for what had happened. My Mum tried to keep the peace in our family. Harry drunk herself into a state of oblivion every day and I... I hid behind my studies and later ran away to join the army, instead of helping her."
"You sick, perverted..."
The man furrowed his brow. "You were spot on about my past in the army, my injury and that I am a doctor, but... I am not killing people. Oh and," he added with a chuckle, "I was in Afghanistan. Amazing really, Mr. Holmes."
"Why?" Sherlock inquired when John kept on staring at his tea.
sounded interesting. Therefore I checked out your blog and while I doubted, that you could really
John kneeled down next to the dying man - Sherlock couldn't even say when he had moved - and affirmed Sherlock's own diagnoses as he shook his head. There was nothing to be done, to save the man.
"Yes." Sherlock ended the call, before Lestrade could ask more questions. He was only glad that the DI hadn't been able to see his face or even he would have known that the names and the address meant something to Sherlock. He shook his head to clear it from unwanted images and then hurried down the stairs to hail a taxi outside.
"You are right, I am sorry." John offered his hand this time and Lestrade shook it. "I just worry about him."
He was glad that the Inspector's back was to him or otherwise even Lestrade would have noticed the way Sherlock turned pale and swayed on his feet. His body still remembered what had happened in this very room. Panic rose in him, as adrenalin started to rush through his veins to allow him to fly the scene. Sherlock swallowed hard, when bile rose in his throat and leaned against the doorframe while he tried to get his heart rate back under control.
"Brilliant. Only you could have figured that out." Sherlock blinked down at John in disbelief. That wasn't the reaction, he had expected. Truthfully, he had never imagined that he would ever accuse John of being a murderer – again - but if he had, it wouldn't have been his first guess, that his lover would compliment him for finding him out. Then again, Sherlock wouldn't have believed himself to remain this calm, upon discovering that the man he loved was a killer. Certainly, he should feel betrayed or at least be fearful of John, right? Sherlock checked with himself, but couldn't find an ounce of fear and only the tiniest feeling of betrayal. The most prominent emotion though was... surprise.
"Just imagine, that I would still have shot him, even if you had told me otherwise, if that makes you feel better." Sherlock opened his mouth to reply and closed it again, with a snap, because he could only stare at John in wonder. He had just shot a man, that he had presumed to be a danger to Sherlock and now he was... joking about it. Anyone else would likely be put off by such a behaviour, but Sherlock only found himself fascinated by it.
"Pleased to meet you, Doctor Watson," Sherlock took the offered hand and then cursed himself for his stupid words. After he had accused John of some terrible crimes, vomited on his floor and came out to him as transgender, he couldn't think of anything better to say?! Sherlock was appalled at himself. That was, until he heard his host's chuckle and noticed the twinkle in his eyes. "Please call me John, Mr. Holmes."
"John," he pleaded, although Sherlock wasn't sure for what he was even asking.
Sherlock's shoulders sagged as his anger left him, in a huff of warm air. John was right. There was no reason for him to complain. They had agreed that the doctor would watch his back and he had done, what he had deemed necessary, to keep Sherlock safe. If he wanted to be angry at someone, he should better take it out on himself.
“Mrs Hudson,” John interrupted her gently, “I know you mean well, but I doubt that your neighbours would accept two homosexual couples and a single parent.”
"Why did you shoot him?" Sherlock clenched his hands at his side, as he glared at John, as the doctor stepped up next to him.
"What should I have done, then?" Lestrade's voice rose in volume. Too little sleep and too much coffee weren’t a good combination. "He is a grown man and I am not his bodyguard or babysitter. I don't have enough men, to have one watch his back, whenever this stupid git gets a brilliant idea in his head."
"I know," John whispered soothingly and stroked his hand, "because you are already working yourself into a state again. If your head was still hurting, you wouldn't use it so much. At least this time you don't think that I am a serial killer."
"You are quiet," John stated the obvious, after their starters had arrived. "Is everything alright?"
"Could you now?" Sherlock felt a grin tuck on his lips, as he accepted the bottle, but let it fall to the mattress beside him. "We will see about that."
Certainly his living arrangements or his love life couldn't be more interesting than whatever had brought Lestrade here, in the first place. For a second though, he almost feared that the DI would indulge in more chitchat, since he appeared amazed at the relationship between them. Thankfully, the moment passed and Lestrade seemed to remember, why he had come to Baker Street. "I have the folder in my car. When you are dressed, you can come with me and read it on our way to the Yard."
"Yes."
"When I was sent home, I didn't know what to do with myself. I might have shot myself if I hadn't met...
"Well done, Anderson. You managed to connect the obvious dots and repeat what I just said."
It almost lasted long enough for Sherlock to drift away, before a slap to his face brought him back to reality.
"No one has been killed yet, but the case still takes priority in your department. The media hasn't got wind of it yet, although more than one crime has been committed already. That means, that the victims and their friends and families don't want to talk about it. There are few crimes, that would cause such a reaction, but I think we are talking about..."
"Why is it in the bottom drawer?" John muttered to himself, but then retrieved the bottle with a triumphant grin. "On your front, if you please."
Sherlock's voice dripped with sarcasm, as he let his eyes sweep over the scene before him once more. The tea had been served, but neither brother nor sister had drunken from it. Some spillage on the table and the coaster spoke of shaking hands. Therefore the murderer had already revealed his weapon, when they had ordered tea. A planned murder then. The gun hadn't been a precaution during some dubious business negotiations, but had been brought here with the sole purpose of killing them both.
Sherlock forced the rising heat, in his cheeks, back down. He wouldn't blush, at the compliments of a criminal. "I’m also transgender."
"As do I."
"That will be all for the moment." John smiled at the waiter, before Sherlock could order anything else. "Let's see how hungry we still are, after the starters, before we order anything else."
Sherlock found himself watching John, out of the corner of his eyes, on their way to the restaurant. He looked so ordinary, in his old jeans and the worn jacket, he wore over his old-fashioned jumper. Sherlock wouldn't have spared him a second glance, if he had seen him in the streets. Unforgivable really, since he would have missed out on all the hidden talents of his - dare he think it - friend. He had never been so thankful, that a criminal had overpowered him.
The plug was drawn and Sherlock felt the strange sensation of the water rushing towards the drain, around his body.  "Come on, Pookie." Sherlock raised an eyebrow at that. Either John was trying to make him laugh or his taste in pet names was deteriorating fast.
Sherlock didn't catch what the man was muttering, as he came to his side. He only registered strong hands, grabbing his shoulders and urging him into a half-sitting position, on the bed, before the man vanished again. It would probably help him, to focus on the steps of the man, to judge how big the flat was, but Sherlock was too busy with taking slow controlled breaths, to pay attention to anything else. Therefore, he startled again, when something was pressed against his lips. A pill of some sort. Sherlock kept his mouth shut.
"It's Ibuprofen. You have a concussion and I can only imagine the pain you must be in. Just take it." The pill was pressed harder against his lips and Sherlock relented. Either the man was telling the truth and there might be a slight improvement, to how he was feeling or... Well, he was in no state to fight anyway.
"Yes, I was drugged," Sherlock admitted slowly, if only to buy himself some time, before John would ask any follow up questions. And Sherlock didn't have any illusions that his lover would ask the right questions. After all Sherlock had noticed that he was clad in his pyjama bottoms, which meant that John had undressed him. Therefore he had to have seen the marks that the woman had left on him. There were marks, right?
Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow at that. "That sounds like a line out of an uninspired movie."
Sherlock got lost in the sensation of John shampooing his hair and then rinsing it, without getting anything into his face. He hadn't felt so cared for since... No, he couldn't remember when someone had treated him like this. Like he was something precious and special.
Sherlock didn't dare to look up at John, after he had finished his little speech. There was no way that he could endure the look of disappointment, that was certainly directed at him now. After all Sherlock was about to let a rapist get away, because of his own personal reasons. More than one person he knew, would accuse him of being selfish for less. When John didn't say anything, but his hand remained firmly on Sherlock's shoulder, he forced himself to forward another piece of information. "Besides she isn't working alone. The other... the victims were raped by a man, she referred to as Michael. From what I can remember I deduce that he is her brother and she only decided on the victims for him. It's a game for them."
"You know," John interrupted their quiet routine as he reached between Sherlock's legs to layer his curls in foam, "I never thought it would be like this."
"Shut up," Sherlock mumbled into the pillow and drew the covers up to his ears.
Sherlock leaned forward to underline his words with a kiss, but was stopped by a hand on his chest. "John?" Rejection clenched at Sherlock's heart ,as his lover turned his head away. What was wrong now? They had both confessed their love to each other, so why was John refusing to kiss him? He hadn't had a problem with kissing him earlier in the kitchen.
Sherlock wanted to protest and to tell John, that he didn't need pampering, but what left his mouth instead was: "Will you help me catch the killer?"
"Not yet," John admitted subdued. "I got the job, but I won't start working there for another month."
"Not bloody likely to happen." John sounded offended, at the mere idea of spying on him.
But how? Mycroft didn't answer him, instead John's voice cut through the tense silence. "You don't know everything yet. It would feel like... taking advantage of you, if you can't make a decision, based on all the relevant facts." Defeat and resignation coloured John's voice.
“I’m meeting with family,” Martha offered, but didn’t deem Mrs Miller’s rant worth any further reply.
"cuddle".
Stupid, Sherlock cursed himself when John sipped slowly at his wine, to play for time. With one stupid question he had ruined everything. It would be a wonder if John still even wanted to be friends with him. No one wanted to be with someone, who came across as so needy - although he wasn't - as Sherlock had done.
"It's fine," he assured his friend hoarsely, when John made to get up, to help him. And then, because Sherlock's mouth was sometimes even faster than his mind, he blurted out: "You can move in with me."
And it was nice, Sherlock mused, if you discounted the cold and the long-time of waiting. They had already been here for a couple of hours and something interesting had yet to happen.
“Apropos bees,” John remarked, after his third cucumber sandwich, “I would love to try your honey, would it be okay if I got some?”
"Go ahead and use the toilet. I will take care of the bath." Sherlock's head snapped up, to meet the understanding eyes of his lover, before John turned his back to him to fumble around with the tap.
"Can everyone also see that they weren't alone," Sherlock sneered and gestured to the trolley. "If you know how much they serve for tea for a certain amount of people in this kind of hotels, it gets clear that they ordered for three."
“I thought,” John frowned, taking in the plates of sandwiches and petite fours on the table, “that there was some kind of emergency. I didn’t think, that you just wanted us to come over for tea.”
Sherlock didn't point out to John, that he had already tried out one pet name that day. He blamed it on the danger of getting shampoo and water in his mouth. It certainly had nothing to do with the way John's skilled fingers started to massage his scalp. "That's it, Sugar. Relax."
"Sherlock, how often do I have to tell you not to run off on your own?" Before he could reply to the unfair accusation, John took a step forward and shot the DI an angry look. "If you had done your job and watched his back, nothing would have happened. You consult him, when you are out of your depth, but you don't deem it necessary to make sure that he is safe."
"But the same gun who was used to kill the other men was used in this case." Sherlock blinked. He had forgot about that and it certainly made for an interesting mystery, which he might solve in his own time. If the killer appeared to be a threat, he might even turn him in to the police, but Lestrade didn't need to know about that. "If you figured out that much already, I am sure you will manage to find a suspect soon. I for my part need to go home to rest."
Sherlock let his eyes wander farther through the room. He noted a khaki uniform and scrubs, next to woollen jumpers, under which a gun lay hidden. A smile flickered over Sherlock's face. How fitting of his mind to decorate John's room like this. Never mind, that Sherlock still didn't know, when or why it had been added to his Mind Palace. His feet carried him to the bed. A teddy sat on top of the perfectly made sheets. It was wearing a jumper and scowling warningly. A sense of danger radiated from it, but when Sherlock touched it, he only felt warm and protected. Maybe this was where this stupid thought had come from. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the teddy, even as he held him close to his chest. He should probably think of a way to delete it and the feelings it symbolized, but Sherlock couldn't bring himself to do it. Not yet anyway. Maybe later, when...
"Seems like part of you agrees with me, Cupcake." Sherlock barely managed to find the energy to roll his eyes, even as he allowed John lead him back to the bedroom.
“Mrs Hudson!” An unwelcome voice shouted across the street.
"Thank you," Sherlock whispered, as he spooned up behind John with his lips pressed to the ear of his lover. "I know, you had something else in mind and..."
"We have a double homicide," Lestrade informed him as he ignored Sherlock's greeting. "A man and a woman. They were killed by a headshot."
It was either his imagination or the Mycroft, in his Mind Palace, had just made a very vulgar innuendo. Whatever it was, Sherlock found himself inhaling sharply and coughing a second later, when he choked on his food. At least John would assume, that his blush resulted from his coughing fit.
The only problem was that Sherlock wasn't sure himself, how he would react to casual touches. He didn't want John to feel like he had to handle him with kid gloves, but then again, Sherlock also didn't want to make it worse by involuntarily flinching away from his lover.
John chuckled quietly, as he reached behind Sherlock for his shower gel. "I take it gun powder registers as an attractive smell to you."
Martha leaned back on the cushioned bank and sipped her milky tea, observing the other guests while she waited. Her boys had chosen a nice, little café that served everything from cakes to soups and offered a grand selection of tea and coffee creations. It also appeared to be popular with the younger generation, Martha noted absently as her eyes followed a group of, what seemed to be, university students. She smiled fondly, when one of the girls stole a kiss from her girlfriend. It was refreshing to witness such diversity for a change.
"How...?" Sherlock stared at the man in shock, at the use of his name. He didn't think, that he was that recognizable. There was no picture on his blog and he always made sure to keep a low profile, while working on cases, so how on earth...
By the time John finally plopped open the bottle of massage oil, Sherlock didn't believe that he could get even more relaxed. For once in his life he was wrong. When John's skilled fingers dug into his flesh Sherlock could practically feel the knots in his back unwinding. The sensation of the oil in combination with his lover's warm hands added to the overall relaxing experience. Overall relaxing, because a part of Sherlock was doing exactly the opposite. Blood was rushing southwards as the place between his legs started to pulse with arousal. The fabric of his pants already felt slightly damp and Sherlock was positive that he would ruin them completely, if John carried on like that. Embarrassment coloured his cheeks, as he hid his face in the pillow when John dug his fingers in the hard muscles of his thighs and he felt himself becoming even wetter.
"You are the only one, who sniffs at my hair," John reminded him, but didn't make to step away as Sherlock moved from his head to his shoulders and let his hands trail down his back.
There he was again, telling Sherlock what he had to do and although he was right, Sherlock resented him a little for it.
Sherlock shook his head at the idea. It had occurred to him as well, but the chances were high that John wouldn't tell him the truth even if Sherlock asked.
Heat rose in Sherlock's cheeks and he ducked his head in shame. John had counted on him to solve such cases and he had screwed it up ,the first time he had had the chance to catch two rapists. Instead, Sherlock had been attacked himself and John had felt forced to...
John shrugged. "It wasn't for me."
"Almost done, Precious." The bottle of the conditioner was opened and John's fingers worked their magic again. "Now, let's get you out of there."
"It's fine." Sherlock withstood the temptation to role his eyes, at the unnecessary apology. "You don't look like a serial rapist and killer either and yet here we are."
"Mycroft?"
"Are you doing this to make me laugh or because you can get away with calling me all kind of pet names today?" The soft fabric of his pyjama bottoms was a welcome sensation on his legs, when Sherlock put them on. Another yawn was forced from his throat and he laid back on the bed, even as he still looked at John in curiosity.
Sherlock was still too breathless to reply, but somehow he managed to fulfil his lover's wish. When they lay snuggled together with the covers drawn up to their chests, Sherlock finally slipped out of his sticky pants. He felt John's eyes on him, but when he met his lover's gaze there was simply understanding written in it and no judgement whatsoever.
"Doubtful." Sherlock pursed his lips, when deductions about his host started to come in. He was shorter than him, although he couldn't say by how much, as long as they were both sitting down. His possession of prescribed pain killers suggested, that he had been injured himself and probably undergone surgery, not so long ago. He was older than Sherlock, but not by much, although the hideous jumper he wore suggested otherwise. All in all he appeared harmless, but...
Fine, so there had been... a case. Yes, that sounded about right. Lestrade had come to beg him for help, because his stupid officers hadn't been able to connect the dots. There had been murders. For the last three months various men - of all ages and backgrounds - had been killed, with a single shot to the head. Naturally, the police hadn't found a connection between the victims. Until the murderer had changed his modus operandi and Sherlock had deduced, that he would be the perfect bait. That was, when he had decided to wander the streets, where the murderer was most likely to look for his next victim. And then...
Martha smiled at Sherlock’s searching look and squeezed his shoulder in passing. “Don’t worry, my dear, I’ve never eaten any of the honey. I’ve always given it away.” She gestured for Sherlock to take the plate with the Swiss rolls. “I didn’t know about its use as a recreational drug, do you think I could make a little profit if I sell it as… what did you call it,
, you might even win against Mrs Brown.”
"I took great pains, to find men that were guilty of rape, but had gone unpunished. It was at that time, that I put my walking stick away and my hands stopped trembling. I was fighting my private war in the middle of London and no one suspected anything. Then this copycat came along." Sherlock gaped, as another piece of the puzzle fell into place. "You were stalking him when he attacked me. That's why you could help me... and why you didn't hesitate to shoot him a few days later. You knew exactly what he looked like."
Sherlock gulped, as the man got up from his chair and reached for something in the drawer of the nightstand. He had hoped, that his host would be discouraged by his gender identity, but obviously he didn't care, if he was looking for a condom right now. He had always used condoms with the victims.
"Yes," was all Sherlock managed to get out, as he stared after John and only remembered what he was supposed to do, when the door downstairs fell shut.
Sherlock barely managed to keep up the movement of his hands and mouth, as more blood rushed between his legs and made him throb with want. His arousal had built up for so long, that he was only a hair trigger away from coming. And God, did he want to come. He pushed back against John's fingers and his lover got the hint, increasing his pace and pressing his mouth so close to him, that it felt like John was eating him out through his pants. Sherlock could only hold on to John with his hands and lips, as he tripped over the edge. His legs shook with the power of his orgasm, as it washed through him.
"I... we..." Sherlock got the chance to collect his thoughts, when the waiter brought their drinks. "We will take a plate of assorted starters for two and..."
"No, that was brilliant!" John beamed at him and Sherlock's heart jumped in his chest at the sight. "Usually though, it's considered rude though to order for your date, without checking with them first."
"If it's alright for you, it's alright for me." John leaned forward and gave a peck to Sherlock's lips.
"But," Lestrade sputtered, "You said you were fine again."
Sherlock noticed it, as soon as he stepped over the threshold into the flat. A coat, on the coat rack, shoes orderly next to each other: John was home. His eyes searched the living-room for a steaming mug of tea, but there was none to be found. Instead the shower was running in the bathroom, indicating that John had strayed from his usual post work routine. Usually, he preferred to sit down with a cup of tea and a book before he took a shower. Sherlock frowned. Strange, but maybe a patient had spit on him, which would explain the need for a shower.
"A bit of both," his lover finally admitted and drew the covers up to Sherlock's chest. "Besides I am not sure how else to show you, how much you mean to me."
This chapter contains explicit sexual content and lots of feelings. ^^ There is only an epilogue left now, which will be posted next week. Enjoy. :)
This is it, the last chapter of this story. Thank you all for your support, I'm always thrilled when I receive kudos or comments. :)
“To what?” John returned her smile fondly.
“She was terrible, wasn’t she?” Martha added a dollop of honey to her tea and smiled at her boys.
Sherlock's first instinct was to deny such a stupid notion, as all his former experiences told him, that this was a trap and that John would make fun of him, for wanting them to be on a date. Somehow though, he managed to keep the first response, that sprung to his mind inside, as he reminded himself, that John had just killed a man for him. Certainly, he was different from the other men, Sherlock had met in the past.
Sherlock leaned back and looked closely at his lover. His shoulders were hunched. His head hung low and he had averted his eyes from Sherlock. His grip on the mug was so tight, that Sherlock feared he would break it. In short, John was afraid and yet he still carried on.
"Do you really think, that our man will come here, tonight?" John sounded as impatient as Sherlock felt. "Why would he even go to this park? There is no one here. Not even some old lady walking her dog."
." John sneered in disgust. "I waited outside the pub for him. No one saw us together. We walked to my place, where I told him to wait downstairs while I retrieved my gun. I shot him in a back alley and walked away. Afterwards I waited days for the police to knock at my door, but no one came. Then I read about another rapist, that had gone free after ruining the life of a nineteen year old girl and I knew what I had to do." John laughed humourlessly. "I couldn't work as a surgeon anymore, but the army had taught me how to shoot and more importantly, how to collect information and wait patiently for the right time to shoot." John sighed and Sherlock bit down on his tongue, to suppress the urge to cut in with his deductions, as it was obvious that his lover wasn't finished yet. He was right.
Martha took a deep breath and rubbed her bad hip, when a piercing stab of pain shot through it. Later, she would sit down with one of her herbal soothers, but first she would continue her day as planned. Mrs Miller had been right about one thing at least, idleness had never led to anything noteworthy. Shouldering her bag, Martha decided that sharing the news about Mrs Brown’s death with her neighbours was more important than a visit to the butcher’s shop. At least, she would be able to sweeten the horrible message with her honey.
"Anything?" Sherlock turned to Lestrade and opened his mouth to deliver his deductions, but stopped himself at the last moment. If someone close to the victims of the siblings had killed them, as revenge for their crimes, then Sherlock didn't see why he should push the police on their track. God knew that Valentine and Michael had got what they deserved. Nevertheless, he could solve another case for Lestrade. Maybe it would help some of the victims to work through their trauma, if they learned that their rapist was dead. "You should show the picture of Ms. and Mr. Valentine to the victims that have been raped. I am sure ,they will identify him as their rapist and her as someone who showed friendly interest in them ,during their stay at this very hotel."
“They are… what? How?” John’s eyes were wide with shock, while Sherlock looked quietly out the window.
"They had tea," Sherlock gestured to the fine chinaware on the table and the assortment of pastries, "Before they were shot."
John fidgeted with his hands and turned towards him, but his gaze was determined and open, when he met Sherlock's eyes. "I don't shoot a man for just anyone."
