“As I said; offering up that kind of information is clearly going to shorten his life expectancy quite drastically.”
As the cab pulls over to the side of the road and Sherlock, for once, pays the driver, John gets out, grabbing his key and unlocking the front door. Half a minute later, he can hear Sherlock’s steps on the staircase, can watch his friend take off his coat and head straight for his violin.
As an afterthought, careful not to attempt to minimise the devastating implications, he adds: “It's often said to be difficult to classify when it occurs in an eleven-year-old. For me, it was more like an… apophenia.”
A jolt goes through Sherlock's body two seconds later, because suddenly there's contact. Two fingers under his chin, and he's so startled by the boldness that he allows his head to be tipped upwards, allowing John to check… his pupils?
It was a functional way to keep anything else from bleeding out of him, he used to think. A simple matter of utilising the natural chemical reactions in the brain to his advantage.
Tapping his fingers briefly, Sherlock feels the adrenaline of their situation and the cortisol of his mental images mix with flaring rage over what’s taking place inside his own head -
“I’m going to need to shower too,” John reminds just as Sherlock is about to shut the door to the ensuite behind him, and Sherlock offers nothing but a grunt before finally closing the door, allowing himself to rest his head against the tiled wall next to it.
(He can’t very well come up with something more in the line of his earlier admissions to John, and making admissions of intent has so far been the only way he’s provoked a moment where--)
Sherlock, having prepared and censored this deduction carefully beforehand, now begins to pace the sitting room floor with his hands pressed together like in prayer, pretending to consider his own question.
Realising that he's absently begun clamping a few of the clamps to the skin of his left palm, Sherlock smiles briefly to himself and considers just letting himself relieve the tension caused by the arousal that seems unwilling to dissipate. But no, that won't do. John might be back soon and either way, he ought to recondition himself a bit in terms of pain and sexual arousal.
They had negotiated the pain, and the sex, but as neuron after neuron starts to glow underneath his skin, Sherlock knows that there’s one thing they’d failed to negotiate.
“Oh,” he just says, slowly and knowingly, letting Sherlock understand just how much John’s observed in this moment.
“There you have it. I make a living by observing patterns that others miss, but now you know that I also see patterns that only exist in my own head, and that I have doubts about my ability to tell them apart, and then there’s the additional doubts about everything that I might think I know. Not quite what you had in mind when you decided to make an exception to your--”
There’s no time to revel in the surge of adrenaline, because a  smuggler is still  trying, rather competently, to end Sherlock’s life.
The knowledge he’s gained from his fruitless attempts at diagnosing himself does, however, prove to be useful when Sherlock is admitted to rehab.
His own hands, Sherlock finds, are on either side of John’s waist, holding - holding on - but not directing. As their naked bodies slide together, Sherlock is reminded of their second time together, because it had been here, on the sofa, and it had been like this - a bare, mutual rutting and rubbing together. Simpler and yet so much harder than what they’d done since then.
The biggest dissonance in this chapter might be the contradiction between what Sherlock’s been aspiring to do for over a decade; keeping away from any sentimental or romantic feelings towards another person, which he fears will make him obsessive and capable of inflicting distress and harm to the object (as he came to believe that it did with Samuel, an experience that shaped a significant part of Sherlock’s self-perceptions regarding the relationship to other people) and the overwhelming desire to give in, to allow himself to do this, to have this with John.
The ‘deductive game’ played in the cab also mentions several areas where people with problems with impulse control may be affected; eating patterns, addictions, social insecurity, need to prove themselves to others and the need to guard themselves in certain situations out of fear of saying or doing something that will harm their ability to reach a goal (be considered professional, be liked by others, not making someone feel ashamed over you and so on).
But no. That isn't it, regardless of what Sherlock's own disgusting self-pity would like to suggest.
John is offering a sheepish half-smile - a nervous response to tension - and Sherlock finds that he ought to offer John something in return.
After several hours of research on his laptop, Sherlock has finally found what seems to be the most likely cause of his problem. The cause is in itself something that Sherlock needed at the time in order to correct certain other problems. While it was indeed necessary at the time, Sherlock now finds that controlling a problem by reducing its negative effects is not the same thing as eliminating the problem. The solution he used to amend the problems actually made his knowledge about the width and the extent of the problems less exact, and Sherlock loathes things that are imprecise. And besides; he is much more equipped to deal with those problems now. He doesn’t need a problem covering up the original problems. The original problems are of an intellectual sort, and there is nothing wrong with his intellect, even if his executive functions seems to be slightly affected, but that is the reason that this elimination of the problem is vital.
On the three last words, Sherlock’s voice gets a biting edge which doubtlessly makes the air quotes look even more childish.
A second too late, Sherlock realises that what he’s said might be possible to interpret in quite different way than he’d meant it. Or, rather; that it might have come out a bit too close to what he’d actually meant.
Sherlock hadn't been someone who would run away from things. He might not have been exactly confident, but he had a sense of pride, or at least a sense of hiding everything that could be perceived as some kind of weakness. And so he had ran. And while Sherlock wasn’t someone who avoided people just because they disliked him, after that night it had no loger been mere dislike, it'd been disgust, and so he had begun avoiding them. Everyone around him seemed to know that he had imposed himself on Samuel, tried to lure him into his own perversities, and terms like ‘freak’ were no longer whispered, but spoken out loud. And thinking of what happened after that, perhaps they had been right, because Sherlock had only wanted to explain or set things right, but it had ended… worse.
There's a rustle of sheets, and John turns his face towards Sherlock, looking at him with a curious and almost amused smile.
He resists it, forcing his eyes to remain open, but what he sees and hears all feels distant. And then, just as he’s about to slip away, there is suddenly a steady pressure, one fixed point that grounds him momentarily. It’s moving over his cheekbone, and he hears a voice, but he can’t quite make out the words.
“Since you decided to upset the balance that you have benefited from for the past decade, you are now subjected to another unfortunate side-effect of serotonin imbalance. Another display of obsession, if you will.”
“I think I’ve just quite effectively proved to myself that trying not to pay too much attention to you is… even more disadvantageous.”
There’s the threat of Sherlock’s frustration, that will no doubt be taken out on John, at least in part. There’s also the tedium of the case working its way in under John’s skin. There’s been no physical contact since that forlorn after work and in addition to that there’s been an almost polite and hesitant air in the flat ever since they talked about not messing this up.
Right now, he knows that he needs the walls of 221B. In the darkness of his own bedroom, the lack of input will allow him to figure out the next step.
Emotions - Sherlock almost loses his temper several times in Lestrade’s office, and can’t manage his frustration during tasks that are tearing on his patience the way most tasks that require executive functions will do. Losing his temper in these situation might have a short term reward at times, because he’ll temporarily be freed from some demands, but in the long run, the consequences will be negative for him if even Lestrade won’t work with him. Also; he needs a new phone.
John just shakes his head before finishing the area above his lip and finally rinsing the razor under the tap, watching Sherlock out of the corner of his eye as he starts to squeeze hair potion into his curls, his long fingers separating individual ringlets with practised precision.
Still he doesn't want to stop it. Not because of what John might think or say, but because Sherlock wants to see this through for his own sake. This is something he's imagined for a long time, and fantasised about. It's not like his fantasies, it's not even good at times, but he wants to know what it's like. It's not because it's expected of him or because John wants it. It's not because of some misguided feeling of having committed to it and now having to see it through because he'd led someone on.
And he’s not aroused after having come just minutes ago, but he still finds himself pinching his left nipple, feeling the already tender skin burn. The pain is just this side of interesting, and it’s just endorphins anyway; it’s simple neurochemistry that he’s using to his advantage. It shouldn’t be shameful, this; to want it. All the things that he wants - sexually - can be explained through science. Psychology, biology, neuroscience. There's a logic to it. It shouldn’t unsettle him. He ought to be able to own up to it the way he does with his personality - if you use it as a weapon, it’s less likely to be perceived as a weakness.
“You know what Sherlock? I might not like being left out of the game, but neither do you. You, on the other hand, you like to be outplayed. You actually enjoy being defeated, as long as it’s done with an unexpected move. Perhaps you hate losing, but as said; you need a challenge; need to
Before he has the chance to go through the textbook once more, attempting to find what he must have missed, that one detail that will explain everything and enable him to finally understand what it is that makes every part of his life seem to be out of tune with his surroundings and even with himself, Sherlock is distracted by looking for an answer elsewhere.
But living has never come easily to Sherlock, so it shouldn’t be a surprise that his temporary relief ends like this.
And Sherlock is wide awake in his dim room, but he still can't distinguish actual threat from benign fear.
As he steps on the threshold to the bathroom, Sherlock’s expects to find himself scratching at his own chest to be able to breathe, expects an intense craving for the (questionable) release offered by the blue pills in John’s long-forgotten pill bottle, expects his hands to be shaking with the need for anything to dull out the pressure that has been been building up ever since John slumped down on top of him, sated and unsteady, leaving Sherlock with nothing but the silence of the room and the sound of their joint breaths.
“Talking? We just talked, were you not here?” Sherlock looks at John, and as always, John finds it almost impossible to tell how much of the petulance that is just Sherlock’s usual histrionics and how much is actual annoyance.
He's fairly certain that this is not what they agreed upon. They might have been deliberately vague when discussing it, but if hair-stroking is what John means by starting slow-- No. It doesn't make sense.
Against Sherlock's scalp, blunt fingertips creates  patterns of waves, fingers sliding through the curls, occasionally getting stuck where product has made the hair strands stick together.
Trigger warnings for drug use/use of prescription drugs in a way not prescribed; in drug self-medicational purpose. Depressive thoughts.
The problem is that John watches him suspiciously whenever they’re in the same room, and Sherlock might be able to hide the fact that his nerves seems to have moved from the inside to the outside of his body and that his insomnia is even worse than usual, but he can’t hide the vomiting or the dizziness, and after three days it gets hard to blame acute food poisoning. John’s not buying Sherlock’s explanations, but Sherlock refuses to admit any other reason, so John seems to settle on the theory that Sherlock’s done something even more stupid and reckless than eating bad shellfish with full awareness of the fact that it was indeed bad, and is now too proud to tell John. It’s true, in some aspects, so Sherlock’s not correcting John on his theory.
When John falls asleep a few minutes later - Sherlock can tell that his breathing has shifted to an even, slow rhythm from the way his chest moves - the room feels a bit empty, as if a waken John would take up more room than a sleeping one, which is illogical, even if you consider such things as shifts in the air and soundwaves.
Sherlock doesn’t believe him. His mind is filled with the possible consequences of this and John’s words can’t override all that tumult.
Sherlock’s body finally relaxes back against his own, and John lets his arm stay where it is, resting against Sherlock’s side and holding him.
The idea behind the allusions Mycroft used to address Sherlock’s queerness are from a blog post sent to me by GallifreyanGirl79 - thank you, and as you might have noticed, I loved it.
John clears his throat, takes a deep breath. It doesn’t seem to calm him down, because when he speaks his voice is still all withheld thunder.
Sherlock had inserted himself at the chair by his microscope half an hour ago, attempting to look at some old slides, but his real purpose had been to wait for John to slowly gravitate towards him the way they seem to always gravitate towards each other in time. Now John is standing a few feet away, leaning against the kitchen counter. Seconds ago, he’d been scrolling through the news on his phone. It’s an ideal situation; allowing John a sense of physical advantage due to their relative positions.
At the time Sherlock was treated as an in-patient, most of the conditions that are currently considered to be 'neurodevelopmental' - in this case primarily the autism spectrum diagnoses - were considered to be a form of 'brain damage'.
His body is still flooded with stress hormones after the… unsettling experience minutes earlier, not to mention the even more unsettling discussion that followed, and there’s a restless feeling in his bones that makes him want to pace and move his body, disallowing the unease to settle to deep.
Mycroft nods, slowly, then nods again before he turns towards the side-table, picking up a manila folder.
This is new. Very new. John's never really seen this side of Selma, this neutral analyzing, stripped of any hint of joke, spoken with only a minor tremble in her voice. In the front seat, Sherlock doesn’t seem to react, but then John can only see his left shoulder and left leg from his own position in the backseat.
John doesn't continue, doesn't say 'so that in this, you don't have to use all your focus just to interpret all those social cues the way you have to in every other situation'.
“Oh, come off it. We've been sitting here staring at a building for two hours. I'm fairly certain a bit of talking would not completely derail your extraordinary focus,” John says in a way that's both self-conscious and edges on the line between teasing and mocking.
Meeting his own eyes in the mirror, Sherlock experiences the now-familiar sensation of not quite recognising his own face. It happens fairly often, like a glitch in his facial recognition that only affects his very own face. The exterior does not match the internal image he has of who he is; of who he’s chosen to be.
His footsteps, as he paces out to the kitchen, speak of a slight tendency towards limping, which will frequently occur when he's unsettled by something.
As the taxi takes a sharp bend, Sherlock blinks his eyes open at  the same moment a text alert beeps from the pocket of his coat.
A few more minutes, then he'll be off, going up to the hotel room on the third floor and find Sherlock, who's most likely still going over all the old newspaper articles they'd found. A few more minutes to think about the... possibilities. In a purely hypothetically way, of course.
In fact, it might even constitute a ritual of sorts, and Sherlock is well aware that ritual is one of the easiest ways to alter your state of consciousness. Useful, if one's state of consciousness tends to be littered with excess thoughts and obsessions.
Oxazepam - a benzodiazepine (a group of narcotics) known as Serex in UK. Anti anxiety medication with potential for addiction. Sometimes temporarily used to lessen the initial side-effects of starting on antidepressants (which is often increased severity of the original symptoms; anxiety and depressive thoughts). When getting off antidepressants abruptly, the same phenomenon might occur, and often even more intensely.
Selma gets to her feet, putting away her phone in the woven shoulderbag and adjusts her clothes. While John focuses on an attempt of compartmentalising the turmult brought up during the past hour, Selma follows him through the corridor that vibrates of fluorescent light and generic cleaning products. When they reach the end of the corridor, she presses the call button for the elevator, then turns to him.
. The urge to rake his nails across his skin, breaking it. The condescending empathy that would emerge if John knew how close he was to understanding what Sherlock really is. Was.
It's sensation seeking, or it's self-discovering. At times it's testing the limits. It's trying out if we've discarded something we might actually enjoy.
“Of course it would be the eating disorder you found to be the most objectionable part of the deduction,” Sherlock says, sounding as if he's speaking to himself rather than the two people in the backseat, but John knows better.
He trails off, and the halfspoken words are left to linger above them until Sherlock breaks the silence and causes them to dissipate.
John’s words comes with a shaky smile, but Sherlock’s imagination disregards every trace of fondness behind the words, and what he instead hears is a firm command.
(Two puzzles at once is more than enough when your brain is trying to disassemble itself for reasons that are chemical rather than circumstantial.)
It's just as he's hanging up his coat that Sherlock's phone suddenly goes off, the sound of a woman's moan breaking the silence.
He’d wanted to grind against John’s leg more than he’d wanted to… wanted to what? Connect? Care for?
John bucks his hips, as if he can’t fully control them, and it's giddying, knowing that John finds self-control to be hard as well and because of him. And when John’s fingers finally begins to move, Sherlock's no longer feeling giddy, he's ashamed and lost and desperate and oversensitive; the implications of that hand at that place is almost too much, but the touch in it self isn't.
- body, though he is unable to resist  a brief moment of watching the reassuring rise and fall of the duvet.
Well, he will have to act on his impulses on a day when his colleague hasn’t been outed as a bulimic with a superiority complex and his very own self-proclaimed sociopath of a lover hasn’t been called on being insecure and in love with him. And, most of all, he can not leave this as he’s just been confronted, more or less, with the devastating realisation that this is the first time someone has seen that there's something - anything - between him and Sherlock, disregarding all the previous times where people had pointed it out. It hadn’t bothered him at that point, because it hadn’t been true then. Now it is, and the prospect of people even suspecting as much is enough to make John feel his stomach clench.
It's simple but potentially destructive chemistry, and Sherlock is quite intrigued by both chemistry and destruction, after all.
As Sherlock leaves the bathroom, wrapped in a dressing gown and towels, John is back in the flat. Sherlock refuses to acknowledge him, because ignoring him seems preferable to attempting (and possibly failing) a neutral reaction.
“Have you seen her?” Sophia asks, referring to Tina, the woman Sherlock had met days earlier and who was codenamed ‘Lot’.
Now Sherlock spends the compulsory lectures thinking about everything but what's being said, except when he finds something on which he needs to correct their lecturer. He’s taken up fencing and started studying Latin during the lectures in order to escape the tedium of hearing about things that are simple enough that Sherlock draws his conclusion long before the entire problem is presented to the class, who all act like it’s some kind of challenge to keep up with the studies. The only real challenge is to keep motivating himself to get out of bed day after day, if he even made it to bed the night before.
“Hey,” John says, trying to sound calm as he sees some of the people they’d been sitting together with in the club walk out of the club to get some air.
It's just endorphins, Sherlock knows. It's just the effect of the endorphins that's making his hands just a bit unsteady as he picks up his violin to give himself something to do while he sorts all the new information.
(If something doesn’t happen soon - if there won't be any sexual contact very soon - perhaps John will get his way, and this will all fall back into some kind of hateful platonic limbo once more. It would be unbearable, and whatever John wants, Sherlock is fairly certain that it isn’t to force a wedge into their companionship, but it is what it will end up being, this new… politeness.)
Both the known disappearances in London now have a vague connection to each other. Realising that Lestrade will not oblige him in searching for the other vanished individual’s IP-number on the server in question, Sherlock considers his options.
Sherlock sends another text, leaning against the door and allowing the warmth on his cheeks to be cooled down by the brisk wind outside.
For the record; I’m fairly certain that some of the things that Dr Helena Martell suggests and some of the techniques which she employs in treatment of Sherlock were not in use in the UK during this period of time. However, I will take some artistic freedom in regard to this, as it serves the purpose of the story much more. Also; not all the options that Helena suggests are evidence-based or even commonly used, and sometimes reflect her own opinions more than they reflect the general consensus of mental health professionals.
But perhaps Sophia promised herself to something else? Another kind of revelation. Another kind of reaction.
“Alright, lets get this over with,” John says between clenched teeth as they approach the body in the cold, clinical light in the middle of the room. Molly has laid it out for them, but now she's nowhere to be seen. That's a relief. The last thing they need now is one more person with a habit of blurting out odd, irrelevant things.
“Indian leftovers?” Sherlock hears himself asking before John heads to the upstairs bedroom for his things.
Realising that he must have closed his eyes, Sherlock blinks them open and feels the incisive light of the room almost stinging his eyes.
“What does the question of me being or not being gay have to do with anything?” Sherlock counters, clenching the fist of his left hand, the one John can’t see, because it's none of John's business.
“Right,” John mumbles with an odd kind of smile, scratching the back of his head and doing that thing where he looks around in the room as if trying to spot the nearest escape route.
There's a case, and he has people to contact, but instead he's on the floor of the living room, shivering in his dressing gown with the wind whipping in through the open window, threatening to scatter the papers on the desk like snowflakes.
Sherlock almost manages not to flinch at the unexpected opening. The allusion is both far-fetched and unusually cruel for an opening statement, even by his brother’s standards. It’s a deliberate affront coming from a man who usually goes out of his way to maintain an image of being above such appallingly common urges. He isn’t, though. Sherlock knows this, but doesn’t know if Mycroft is aware of this flaw in his facade. It only takes one crack in your composure to put you into someone’s thrall. Sherlock’s brain has derailed and completely rendered all attempts at composure in front of his brother approximately 23 times since he was eleven years old. It’s a disadvantage that renders their meeting like equals impossible.
It might even be something that will banish some of John's ghosts too, thinks Sherlock, before striding back into the thick of it.
When ignoring one thing, focus tends to drift to other things. Sherlock finds himself listening to the sound of the rain on the windows, the constant smattering against the glass making any life that goes on outside their windows seem muted all of a sudden. The sound of the rain does, however, lend a certain feeling of normalcy to this sudden perturbation of their usual patterns.
It hadn’t been the alcoholic sister, nor John’s father, who’d died when John was overseas. No, it had begun earlier, John’s need to compensate. It made sense now, and Sherlock enjoyed this part; scanning through all the interactions between John and other people that Sherlock had found noteworthy and in need of further examination and trying to see in which situations this new knowledge could serve as a key to understanding.
It’s almost blinding, the pulsing red that exploded in the room as John spoke his final words. The teal tiles are discolored by the red glow, and the intensity of it is yet another proof that this is when it must happen -
In fact, he does in fact pick up on those human things, his brain almost mercilessly detecting every shift in the atmosphere between people; all the tensions and moods, and all those confusing energies.
“Mild to moderate’,” Sherlock automatically corrects, not certain why he's even allowing this discussion to continue, seeing how the previous one had--
The grip on his hair eases a bit, John clearly needing him to be able to speak more coherently. On his nape, John's fingers remain steady.
He does not move to adjust it, only notes that he can’t stop looking at it with growing unease as he awaits her answer.
“And… you want me to take what I want. Because that way it isn't your responsibility, and you don't have to wonder about it, so you-”
Anger suddenly turning into confusion, but still lingering underneath the surface. Sherlock’s face is suddenly too warm and
Beside him, Sherlock almost feels as if John’s colors have shifted to a more vibrant set of purple and pulsing red, but it isn’t really John’s colors, so it might be his own. Except he never could see his own colors.
“You could have, you know, just have said so, instead of letting me talk about depression like an idiot back at the school,” John continues, unease mixed with relief shifting in his features.
and Sherlock doesn’t enjoy talking up his defects, but he certainly enjoys the way it affects Mycroft. Sherlock has always been able to throw him off his game a little, simply by not censoring himself so much for a few minutes.
He's not going to let his thoughts get ahead of this, he's going to stick to what John's clearly willing to offer him.
“You might have missed this during your thorough research of my pathologies, but psychotherapy is, in fact, a valid option for obsessive-compulsive disorder. Given that my mind is, as you say, my biggest asset, it seems worth putting it to work on the problem, wouldn’t you say?”
As Sherlock pockets his phone he's very much aware of how close together he and John are sitting in the cab. Closer than usual And for two seconds he feels nothing but the flutter in his stomach that this notion produces. Then there’s only chaos.
Speaking to Joseph, Sherlock is aware that John’s eyes follow him, but not in their usual way - the way they do when he’s trying to figure out what conclusions Sherlock is drawing from the information from a witness or a suspect - but in a way that tells Sherlock it’s something else John’s looking for this time. That, in turn, makes Sherlock observe himself even more thoroughly as he attempts to listen to Joseph’s retelling of his teacher’s disappearance. There’s a focus shift, and instead of hearing Joseph, Sherlock hears his own words echo back, picking them apart to see if there’s anything in the way he acts that could give him away. In the end, that itself will give him away, because he forgets to listen to Joseph, finding himself rephrasing his initial question just to avoid asking the same thing again. Something about this must have given John all the information he needs, because he averts his gaze, instead focusing it on Joseph, and Sherlock is once again able to make out the words through the noise of his own mind.
Sherlock is wet, tired and wishes very much that someone would provoke him right now, because he needs-- but around him, the police are getting into cars and talking to bystanders and there's nothing left for him to do here now that the puzzle is solved and the offender is arrested.
Nasal spray, pencils, out-dated library cards, condoms, a broken mp3-player, two pairs of tangled headphones, tissues, lubricant, a few business cards, ear buds, an old identification card from a former job and numerous receipts and coins.
The side of his face touches the surface of the table only a second after he makes the decision not to fight it.
When John breaks away for the final time, Sherlock leans his forehead against John's, so he  can almost see grey-blond strands mix with brown-black curls.
It’s not that he’s yelling or punching things - the way he'd punched Sherlock’s face yesterday after Sherlock had hit him - no, it’s another form of anger. The silent kind that slips out the cracks of whatever disguise it is that you try to keep up.
At times, he can physically walk or shake it off. Not now, though, because John’s crowding his space, holding him there, and John’s hand on his chest is…
The thought isn’t in the least tempting, but compared to the thought of being alone with his thoughts, it suddenly doesn’t seem lilke such a bad option. He instinctively wants to be alone, but he knows himself well enough to know that it isn’t a good idea in situations like this. He needs the distraction from himself, otherwise he'll end up starting a fight in some alley or run-down bar just to get it out of his system. With Selma, he’d have to hold himself together.
In this chapter, however, the use of substances seems to serve multiple purposes; forgetting painful events (Samuel's rejection), being able to act like you don't care while others are being less than kind to you, handling your own painful emotions (not understanding, missing, feeling self-disgust), handling enviroments you usually couldn't face (social gatherings, the pub, parties) and 'being someone else' or 'being OK'. Sherlock rationalizes this (well, of course he does) as a simple matter of chemical improvement, and as something temporary. It's just until the worst passes. Just until... Yes, until when, really?
As they run through the streets of Soho, Sherlock casts a fleeting thought to the book on suicidology that has yet to be unpacked in their new home at Baker Street, and marvels over how ‘danger’ wasn’t mentioned as a possible intervention for suicide prevention. Under the dim streetlights, with a steady stream of adrenaline flooding his bloodstream as they chase a taxi down D’Arblay Street, it’s clear to see that Sherlock isn’t the only one kept alive by this simple, effective measure.
(Unless John decides to move them in that direction, in which case it might prove to be an advantage.)
John's gaze is travelling between Sherlock’s eyes and wrist, which is still held perfectly still by a firm grip, while Sherlock is not even trying to break away.
- and slips into the cab, eyes compulsively flicking back towards the pattern from the silver bird. As Sherlock enters the cab, John -
Sherlock ignores John's words, hearing only the familiar sound of his voice taking on the tone that means that he wants to be annoyed, but can’t be bothered.
“A common hypothesis would be that my serotonin levels are below average. At age 11, this resulted in me developing certain fixed ideas.”
The pull on the hair just at his nape eases, and for a minute, there’s nothing but endorphins flooding Sherlock’s blood stream as John almost gently cards his fingers through the curls, pain beginning to dissipate.
John’s hand doesn’t waver, his focus absolute as he continues to aim at the man who has now backed a few feet away from him. The other man starts to work his way up to his feet while his gun remains pointed at John’s chest.
Sherlock has been aware of his own attraction for several months, but it’s been manageable, only making itself known occasionally and until the issue of his sexuality was addressed, it wasn’t something Sherlock had deemed especially noteworthy. He's been superficially attracted to other men before, and while it's occasionally been a cause of mild frustration, most of the time it's just been something he’s taken as a learning opportunity. It's an advantage, being able to observe the physical manifestations of sexual attraction first hand. Knowing your own tells and being able to observe them in others.
Mycroft’s miniscule flinch is gratifying to observe, and Sherlock automatically braces himself for retaliation. But Mycroft just regards him from the armchair, his face unreadable and his colours taking on the bleak, washed-out quality that speaks more of Sherlock’s own inability to interpret the data than of his brother’s emotional state.
“Up,” John says insistently, and Sherlock realises that John’s unfastened his trousers and is now pushing at his hips, trying to make him lift them so that John can pull the trousers down.
What he is looking for is criteria. Because if Sherlock can find a plausible explanation - preferably something suitably organic that could be confirmed by neuroscientific findings and is in addition manageable through chemical intervention - then perhaps he can gain an ounce of control over what's now controlling him.
It’s not tears. It just tastes salty in his mouth as he rests his head against the cheap tiles of the bathroom floor.
“That means your worries about me being compromised or in an unfit state to advance this… relationship clearly do not apply.”
The sight of John evokes a sense memory. Stubbled chin against the skin over Sherlock's clavicle, fingers tightening their grip on Sherlock's shoulder.
The eye contact finally breaks as John moves closer, leaning over him, and everything is suddenly proximity blur and breath.
Sherlock is surprised at the indifferent tone of his own voice. He didn’t think he’d manage it, but apparently his vocal cords are not as affected as his mind. Perhaps the little blue pills aren’t as useless...
He's on a case and John is at the clinic, and for once that discrepancy isn't simply a tedious inconvenience.
“You told me that it’s reassuring to know that I feel so confident ‘with this’, but that ‘tangelo orange is not conducive to sleep’.”
so painfully perfect), so much more than Sherlock could have thought anyone capable of, and it hurts. Sherlock swallows hard when John heads back towards his own room to retrieve the gun.
Assessing the situation quickly before deciding on his next move, Sherlock gives John a look that manages to stop John in his track just as he’s about to back off both physically and mentally.
Major depressive disorder (MDD) (also known as clinical depression, major depression, unipolar depression, or unipolar disorder; or as recurrent depression in the case of repeated episodes) is a mental disorder characterized by a pervasive and persistent low mood that is accompanied by low self-esteem and by a loss of interest or pleasure in normally enjoyable activities. The term "depression" is used in a number of different ways. It is often used to mean this syndrome but may refer to other mood disorders or simply to a low mood. Major depressive disorder is a disabling condition that adversely affects a person's family, work or school life, sleeping and eating habits, and general health. In the United States, around 3.4% of people with major depression commit suicide, and up to 60% of people who commit suicide had depression or another mood disorder.
John sees a few curious glances in their direction, and attempts to ignore it, because quite frankly, Sherlock's already given them more than enough to talk about already with his little… fit back there. Shaking his head, John tries to calm down just a beat.
John swallows, knowing he should probably leave now. Sitting there half hard and alone at a table in a hotel lounge is not exactly-- well.
(He'd been ready to sacrifice so many things when he thought the world was going to end, anything to stop it from doing so, and in the end, it wouldn't have helped, because the threat was never real. Instead, he had stood there with his promise to put logic above everything else in order to never find himself as thoroughly fooled again. And yet.)
As John stretches a bit and readjusts his clothes, Sherlock can feel every millimeter of the hard surface beneath him, can feel the chilly air surrounding him.
(Sherlock is aware that anger is probably just a less devastating alternative to some other and far more nebulous emotional response.)
“You got all that from Joseph refusing to answer one question?” John asks, his food now forgotten on his plate.
John's body is heavy on Sherlock's, and John's breath is ghosting over his forehead, their limbs tangled and Sherlock's wrists pinned next to his head by John's hands.
In light of the (somewhat stretched) theory presented above, you could say that their initial emotional response (primary process, negative) has been weakened by repeated exposure to the situation, and that the secondary reaction (opponent process, vaguely positive or 'relief') has been strengthened.
A tingle spreads outwards from his palms and the soles of his feet, and the patterns in his mind are suddenly genial and otherworldly instead of limiting and damaging, because Sherlock has seen it - a pattern where no one else did. It’s what he does, and he’s built a name doing so; observing when others just see.
But there’s no tremor in his hands as he closes the bathroom door behind him. There’s no increase in the pressure that had threaten to make him snap, lash out and maladapt just minutes ago. As he turns the lock on the door, Sherlock doesn’t find himself craving a release.
Every trace of the faint smile that had just ghosted his face falls away as John feels his heart sink.
After a shower, a shave and a long overdue pampering of the curls, Sherlock is determined not to let imbalance stop him from being (
At that time, Sherlock had already made an educated guess as to wherein his problems lay, albeit no diagnose fitted him perfectly, which was both reassuring and unsettling, because Sherlock wanted things to make sense and facts to fit.
“Mycroft has all my old patient files as electronic copies. It’s a frankly ridiculous amount of incorrect information mostly written by so-called professionals who clearly hadn’t even looked in the direction of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders - not that it would have made much difference, given how essentially random the diagnostic criteria for psychiatric disorders are. At least Helena’s case study will stand a chance of being a somewhat accurate description of my mental deficiencies...”
him, after all, but in seeing himself through John’s eyes and covering up some of the more prominent manifestations of his defective brain with medication, he’d begun to believe he could be more than that.)
John’s face shifts, making complicated, aborted expressions that Sherlock finds that he can’t read, and then John is back on top of him, their skin touching and their chests expanding in tandem. Sherlock expects John to grab his wrists or his hair, an already established pattern in their encounters, but John doesn’t, instead allowing his hands to knead Sherlock’s shoulders, then pectorals, pushing his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth and pressing his pelvis against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock doesn’t know - can’t know - exactly what John thinks he’s figured out about Sherlock and Sherlock's possible inclinations, and he can’t know how that assumption will affect the dynamics between them.
A clever, not-boring, strategic woman who can take down assassins and who knows how to keep all her options open. She is indeed quite a remarkable person, and Sherlock can’t even be upset that she drugged him. Instead, he'd found himself inspecting the vivid bruises left on his arms by the riding crop as soon as he'd woken up this morning. The bruises sting and throb when he moves, and it’s really rather a fascinating sensation, as pain goes.
Just like many others with executive dysfunction, Sherlock self-medicates. Coffee, sugar, nicotine, adrenaline… all these are things that will keep the brain awake for a short duration of time. So are cocaine and amphetamines, and a common hypothesis is that this is one of the main reasons behind the very high comorbidity between ADHD and substance abuse, and also why ADHD medications which contains very low doses of amphetamine or substances which work in a similar way as amphetamine works.
Sherlock can feel his cock stir slightly. In the mirror, it still looks mostly flaccid where it rests against the dark brown patch of pubes, surrounded by the coarse hair.
What must it be like, Sherlock wonders with his fingers pressed together beneath his chin, to have your mental state written out in every step you take, your body betraying your mind in the most palpable way?
The movement of her foot slows down during the silence that stretches between them, but then picks up again as she opens her mouth to speak once more.
What or whom you desire shouldn't define you. Unfortunately, Sherlock knows that in the eye of most people, it does.
It’s the morning after their mutual attempts of verbally disarming the other, and at least they are talking.
The expression of John's face is one of anger, and Sherlock finds himself studying a pair of darkening eyes, more curious about that brief flash of anger he sees in them than he is on the text that provoked it.
“You know I wouldn’t be here right now if I thought my brother would resort to drugs in order to punish either of us. The only thing that could push Sherlock back to his old habits is himself, I assure you.”
“Just right” OCD symptoms involve more of a sense of “incompleteness” rather than the need to “avoid harm” seen in more typical OCD symptoms. “Just right” symptoms are more likely to be experienced as discomfort or tension rather than anxiety.
Sherlock decides on a methodical approach to the problem, starting by sorting the main categories of disorders into the categories of ‘possible’ or ‘unlikely’.
“221 Baker Street,” John tells the driver, then settles for staring straight ahead, not sparing Sherlock a glance.
Sherlock is unable to determine that. And it's that uncertainty that makes him take one more step, then another one.
“Oh, just one more thing before we leave you to it. Do you happen to have any sunglasses with you? I forgot to bring mine. Just in case we need to go and see…”
John lets Sherlock lick, tongue and suck on the finger in his mouth for several minutes before he pulls it out, lingering just a second on the saliva-wet bottom lip. Using his free hand, John unbuckles his belt and unbuttons his trousers, making Sherlock watch him.
“Nah, I think the dove meat theory is more intriguing to her. Something to theorize about as she goes by the kebab stand every day.”
He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, then opens his eyes again, struggling to grasp the significance of what he’s just read.
“You don’t get your shirts tailored,” John blurts out, then seems to regret his observation, judging by the way he bites his lip.
The post-orgasmic heaviness makes the kisses slow, unhurried, but whenever John forgets himself and the kisses become more fleeting and light, Sherlock presses back, reminding him to put just a bit more pressure into it. If he hadn’t been so sated and tired, John might have smiled at this, but he is indeed very sated and rather uncomfortable on the floor even where he’s pressed against Sherlock, who has far too sharp hipbones, so he doesn’t. Instead, he’s trying very hard to ignore the fact that Sherlock’s hand has come to rest upon his back and that his shirt is therefore now sticky and wet from semen. Instead, John focuses on licking into the mouth beneath his own.
(The unpredictability, the additional sensory stimulation from another’s body, the psychological impact of the awareness that you're being observed, the inclusion of submissive elements, the verbal humiliation…
In the beginning of the chapter both Sherlock and John are disappointed at the lack of stimulation from the case. In addition to that, they have not been at ease at home, trying to make things run smoothly but by doing so failing to reach their usual level of stimulation; a stimulation that is often uncomfortable and confusing, but none the less a stimulation that distracts from boredom.
Unlike before, he hadn’t instinctively known what to do to keep himself together, to calm the cacophony down or to regain a modicum of control. Then, in his late teens, he’d discovered that it was possible to cause oneself pain in far more deliberate ways, and that it was possible to tune out some of the unsettling things happening inside by overriding them with a pain that was far sharper and more distinct than what was raging inside.
But he’s suddenly a little more aware of breathing  than he was just minutes ago, and Sherlock needs to breathe, so he leaves the room, leaves the dim, distant world of John and heads down the stairs, into the living room with its windows and its space and the worn carpet and he really needs to open a window, just one--
It feels like he’s seeing his last chance of respite from himself being flushed down the toilet as the two tablets of Oxy spin around in the water before they are swallowed by the plumbing.
PANDAS is short for Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infections. A child may be diagnosed with PANDAS when:
They will need to talk about this some day soon, really talk about the limits of what they do and not just conclude things without any explanation or discussion, but John finds that he can’t really be arsed to think about it at this very moment.
John finally lets both his hands resume their positions on Sherlock’s hips, holding him firmly and probably bruising his skin as John thrusts into him.
“We work together,” Sherlock simply says, his posture still stiff where he's sitting at the edge of his chair and making an effort not to let his legs touch either John’s or those of the woman on his other side.
Sherlock allows himself to study the pulsing, arterial red that bathes the stairwell for just a moment longer before he turns around, resuming the climb up the seventeen steps to 221B.
His hand is shaking as he fumbles for his phone in his coat pocket. The call will be his farewell to John, no matter if he survives the next few minutes or not.
After one more hour has passed, John is bored of everything there is to do online. He doesn't have the concentration required to write up the case - which could probably be written in a way that would make it interesting even if it wasn’t interesting by his and Sherlock’s standards - but is not relaxed enough to watch a movie or just browse the internet. He needs to do something. He needs to act. Being scared is always preferable to being in the silence of the nothingness inside his head.
“Have it your way,” Mycroft says in the neutral, dull voice Sherlock recognizes from other times when Mycroft’s realised that his younger brother might have a very similar set of genes, but that the decisions said brother makes for himself will never be as rational and balanced as those Mycroft would have made for him.
. Is it about being too eager (hardly a problem), about being too dominant (definitely not a problem) or related to some amorphous concern regarding Sherlock's inexperience (the reason that’d be deemed as relevant remains unclear, but Sherlock is aware that some people would consider it important)?
“I don’t think it’ll help,” he says, grinding the heels of his palms into his eye sockets for a few seconds.
...and perhaps they should have talked about condoms, but they didn’t, because they don’t talk and John does not want to do it like that, so he prefers not ask. He wants to feel this fully and he wants very much to spill into Sherlock like this and have it leak out and stick on his thighs and run down his…
. Vital to emotional bonding. Sherlock's recent observations led him to the preliminary conclusion that emotional bonding was almost exclusively a result of emotional proximity due to verbal sharing, but in a few fragments of
Gripping the doorframe, Sherlock manages to get himself into the bathroom, locking the door behind him before allowing himself to take it all in, sinking down on the lid of the toilet.
. Though John doesn't seem to mind that Sherlock's not been answering his questions. John doesn't seem to mind Sherlock at all, most of the time. And they're on a case, and being ignored while actively working on a case doesn't seem to classify as a
Much more can be said about this, and there will be another chapter (part II) on this subject as well, but that's a few chapters away yet. As always; correct me, discuss things or point out stuff that I've missed as much as you like; I quite adore learning stuff.
It's strange, Sherlock thinks as he crosses St Giles to the kebab van, to consider that after almost a year at uni, he's still not part of anything, but he's also not shut out from most things, either.
me, later. It's quite the thrill, isn't it? Knowing that you're not just someone who follows the sociopathic freak, like people think, but knowing that you are the one who gets to bend him to your will and hold him there, making him want to submit to you.”
Obsessions are thoughts that recur and persist despite efforts to ignore or confront them. People with OCD frequently perform tasks, or compulsions, to seek relief from obsession-related anxiety. Within and among individuals, the initial obsessions, or intrusive thoughts, vary in their clarity and vividness. A relatively vague obsession could involve a general sense of disarray or tension accompanied by a belief that life cannot proceed as normal while the imbalance remains. A more intense obsession could be a preoccupation with the thought or image of someone close to them dying or intrusions related to "relationship rightness." Other obsessions concern the possibility that someone or something other than oneself—such as God, the Devil, or disease—will harm either the person with OCD or the people or things that the person cares about. Other individuals with OCD may experience the sensation of invisible protrusions emanating from their bodies, or have the feeling that inanimate objects are ensouled.
It's so easy to smile, suddenly. It's almost like it didn't matter if he meant it or not, because Nadine laughs at his joke, raising her beer bottle as if in a toast, and at the moment, Sherlock’s brain isn’t second-guessing everything he does.
It's been three months. Three months, and while they'll now share both Sherlock's bed and have confessed to certain mutual affections, they are yet to put what they are to each other into words.
John nods in a way that means he not only does not understand, but has now also given up on trying, and is getting increasingly frustrated.
John finds the prospect of discussing sexual preferences with Sherlock to be about as pleasant as having one's molars removed, except there's no shame or embarrassment in having one's teeth pulled out.
“You don't care for it,” Sherlock says, breaking the silence. “You don’t care for me finding anyone to be a worthy opponent.”
- and it pains him that she’s still able to read him. That he’s predictable, that he follows the doubtful logic that the science of psychology relies on.
There could be several different contributing factors to this apparent decrease in part of his executive functions, but no matter how many factors he weighs it doesn’t change the unacceptable result. His mental abilities may be deteriorating, and he isn’t sentimental or protective of his own ego to a degree that would allow him to rationalize this fact by fudging the result by including factors such as possible damage arising from previous drug use, age, lack of practice or lack of sleep. Self-diagnostics needed to be run, and the cause of this problem needs to be identified and properly dealt with.
For those unfamiliar with the four horses; it's from the Book of Revelations, where Saint John is shown what will happen at Judgement Day.
“No, whatever that would be, I think it would be better done without this kind of blood-alcohol level,” he said and waved at a waitress who was passing by a few tables further down the pub.
With a movement that's far more assertive than he himself is, John slides his hand over the six inches that separate his hand from Sherlock's.
Sherlock could at least have poured him a cup as well, at least considering that it was John who had put the coffee maker on, and what's Sherlock even doing being awake at this hour anyway--
For a moment, Sherlock is distracted by the sudden shift, the way John has gone from being distant and resolute to that familiar sarcasm that never really manages - and perhaps isn’t meant - to conceal the admiration beneath.
“We wait,” Sherlock answers, because while he will not be idle - there’s some Internet research he can do himself while Beta works on the laptop - he’s not sure if anything will come out of it, and John doesn’t need to know that he is pulling every loose end he can find.
There are suddenly enough possible reasons for John’s hesitance that Sherlock finds himself at a loss as to why he thought that this was even remotely possible.
He feels a bit like an animal - taken from behind while a hand is strokes his cock to keep him from running away. His arse in the air and his face still pressed firmly against the pillow except for when he needs to come up for air, shifting his face slightly to the side to free his nose and mouth.
“Leonard knows who Joseph is hiding from, because it was Leonard who helped him and his father create a new life under new names.”
“Yes, he’s a very straight man, and I doubt that he’d appreciate the notion of another man lusting after engaging in very homosexual activities with him,” Sherlock continues, now hunching down to get a better view of the man’s ankles.
(This should not feel like it’s Sherlock that’s exposed himself. Still, it does. Because he finds that it matters.)
Sherlock takes three pills, chewing them for faster release, and when he gets to the hotel (137 steps -
The horses inside his head are not real. They come from 2000 years’ worth of myths and fairy tales used to oppress people into obedience. It isn’t real. It didn’t happen.
They're having a discussion that they are both apparently determined to pretend isn't of any significance.
Lestrade's sunglasses are tinted brown, which is fortunate. Brown will soften everything that is currently too sharp. Unfortunately, they are also of the now-popular pilot type with gold rims, which Sherlock finds to be both unflattering to his own appearance and generally rather tasteless.
As long as there is a significant decrease in the time it takes him to complete the test, he will not have to consider that particular question.
Judging by the way John's eyes widen in surprise out there on the crime scene, Sherlock gathers that this might be a slight overstep of some social convention or another, but seeing how there's a murder to solve - and a tricky one at that - Sherlock pushes all such thoughts aside, just hoping that the young officer stalking behind John doesn't make any faulty assumptions about the situation, something that never fails to make John deeply uncomfortable and in need of defending his heterosexuality.
(John’s movements - decisive now. There’s no doubt whom is kissing and who’s being kissed in this, and it’s almost like it wouldn’t be Sherlock’s fault if this backfired.)
At first, John looks at him like he's genuinely surprised that Sherlock even knows what bloodplay is, but within a second that expression fades and gives way for something more problematic.
This was expected, but it’s still a sign of cognitive failure and lack of control over his own thoughts. Therefore it’s unacceptable, and needs to be surmounted. Not right now, though; now there’s a case and John’s finally beginning to let go of his suspicion about Sherlock’s recent behaviours. He will simply have to quarantine this problem until after the case. The dopamine and adrenaline from working the case should allow him to pause the urge to relieve more pressure by pursuing more patterns.
And John is still suspicious, but he laughs in the same way he does when he shouldn’t be laughing at a crime scene, and Sherlock feels another kind of dizziness, and the pressure decreases a bit for a few seconds. John is deep, saturated royal blue with emerald green fused in, and when Sherlock’s distress returns, the thought from the broom closet returns too.
There’s a shuffling sound as John shifts on his bed. Judging by the sounds, he’s turned over on his side, so that he's facing Sherlock. Even in the relative darkness of the room, John must be able to make out the outlines of Sherlock’s chest as it rises and falls with his every breath. His breathing is deliberately slow and deep, as he attempts to keep the faint nausea at bay.
The mosaic window further up the stairs suddenly seems to be glowing with light; the shifts in color are so marked that it could have been daylight through colored glass that painted the hallway with purple, deeper green and a royal blue.
, but he doesn’t want to purge his life of John, and what Mycroft’s implying, what John might pick up from the obvious hints from his brother-- it would--)
Other symptoms usually include intense fears of abandonment and intense anger and irritability, the reason for which others have difficulty understanding. People with BPD often engage in idealization and devaluation of others, alternating between high positive regard and great disappointment. Self-harm, suicidal behavior and substance intoxication are common.
And we're back to diagnostic criteria. For those who haven't read A Study in Floodgates, the titles including "criteria" means that I am not in any way trying to make an illustration of the entire psychiatric diagnosis, but merely of one or two of the diagnostic criterian, which in itself isn't any ground for a diagnosis. Everyone - diagnosed or not - will meet several different diagnostic criterian for one or more diagnoses, but that is not the same thing as having a diagnosis. The same thing applies here; this chapter is not suggesting that the character in question has Borderline; it's only illustrating how one or more symptoms could appear in someone.
Overcompensation, characterized by a superiority goal, leads to striving for power, dominance, self-esteem, and self-devaluation.
Mycroft might be smarter, but he's also more predictable than Sherlock’s ever been. Sherlock can predict his movements as Mycroft slowly walks over to the old chair by the wall and nudges it until it faces the bed. Mycroft stands by the chair for a few seconds before seating himself, adjusting his waistcoat -
Breathing in, breathing out. It’s only words, and there are things Sherlock knows that he can’t have.
Even though what Mycroft had told him is just a hypothesis in the field of neuroscience - and a controversial one at that - there are patterns you can’t ignore. Whatever he might have felt -
Sherlock briefly finds himself wondering if this particular circumstance will in any way affect the direction their current arrangement will take.
“Yes.” He finally answers his own question, nodding to himself, no doubt taking in everything that Sherlock’s face is betraying at this moment. “Yes, you do, don’t you?”
From the seat next to him, John is looking at him with a complicated expression on his face, radiating furious red -
“Ehm--” John begins protesting, clearly both confused and uncomfortable. His hand flies up to his neck, John’s nervous habits almost mirroring Sherlock's own.
John believes Sherlock when it comes to it also being a very real inclination of his - Sherlock's embarrassment and fear of ridicule on the matter are proof that it's about more than practical solutions for his troubles with social skills - but John also knows that Sherlock will not acknowledge that he’s ‘having troubles’. In Sherlock’s mind, it all comes down to not seeing any real reason to bother with such things.
Three taps of his other foot, then Sherlock takes a step towards John, who’s still in his coat, and Sherlock lets his hands find their way to either side of John’s face. John’s lets Sherlock lead, his chin tilted upwards without being prompted by Sherlock’s hold, and Sherlock very much wants to close his eyes, because what he sees in John’s gaze is distracting him from the task at hand.
It's becoming frustratingly hard not to avert his eyes, but then John's face turns unreadable and Sherlock is briefly distracted from the always-present discomfort of prolonged eye contact.
“So you are actually letting her do it, then?” John doesn’t even attempt to conceal the surprise in his voice.
The rapid breathing, the lactic acid in their legs and the adrenaline surging in their blood. It's addictive, and they've been without it for far too long.
The heat and the lack of sleep - or the neurotransmitter response to sexual arousal - is slowing Sherlock’s brain. At first he decides that John is talking about the kissing, but then his cognition catches up and he thinks better of it.
And yet, perhaps it doesn’t matter. Just because he can still see it for what it is doesn’t mean it isn’t going to do the trick.
“Dull,” he simply says, as Victor passes the cigarette. When their fingers brush, he briefly wonders what it would feel like if something else were to brush against his skin. A press of lips, more skin, the tip of a burning cigarette--
“How do I…? Because you bloody keep brushing me off, clearly! And because you’re ‘married to your work’ and all that nonsense.”
It's unusual, wanting something and not just reaching out to grab it, but instead waiting for it to come to him.
Sherlock looks up then, and John takes one look at his unfocused eyes and his clenched jaw and suddenly, something makes him want to get Sherlock out of here and away from all the people and the noise, because as much of an arse as he’s been, he looks like he might be on the verge of imploding, and John does not want to clean up one more mess caused by a very destructive chemistry student tonight.
Possible answers gained from the field of psychiatry, on the other hand, have so far failed to be either definitive or consistent.
In the bathroom, washing the semen off his hands and the mix of tears and saliva off his face, John acknowledges one simple truth.
As the cab halts, Sherlock takes a deep breath before stepping out into the chaos of daylight and people walking in dozens of different directions, seemingly without any recognisable pattern. Steadying himself with a hand on the back of the cab he manages to get to the pavement even though his eyes are not fully adjusted to the light yet.
, but that won’t be enough. Because Sherlock has no right to ask for what he just did. Not when all he has is 27 hours of suggestive observations weighed against 11 months of something else.
The mind-body problem. Descartes’ problem, but reversed; How do physical actions relate to the non-physical states?
While that’s very gratifying under the current circumstances, it’s somewhat hard to ignore such an intense shade, even with my eyes closed. Therefore; not very conducive to sleep.”
The words seem to have the intended effect; John’s mouth falls open for just a second, and then he shuts it again, clearly deeply uncomfortable.
Ultimately, it doesn't matter. Sherlock had known that John would potentially question Sherlock's lack of practical experience, and had his words already prepared.
The question is what John will think of this; of Sherlock’s naked body, stripped of its exclusive and flattering clothing.
John’s expression loses some of it’s sharpness, then regains it. He tightens his grip on Sherlock’s hair again until it's almost painfully hard. John's looking at him, and Sherlock fights not to let his eyes tear up from the sharp pull on his scalp.
- and attempts to hide his startled reactions to the slamming door by pacing across the sitting room floor, hoping that the rapid pace will account for his rapid breathing.
Objectively, the question sounds breathless and fascinated, like John is marvelling over being able to make Sherlock come apart like that. Still, that’s not how Sherlock wants it. What he wants to hear is a taunt, the condescending words of the commanding officer who is making good use of a new soldier, showing him that he needs to be useful in more ways than one in order to make it in the army.
And John’s tongue alternates between licking the inside of Sherlock’s mouth and fucking it. It’s an invasion of the most prominent kind, and Sherlock guards his boundaries, but he’s no stranger to abandon; he’s an addict and addiction tends to do that to you. So abandoning to sensation in this might achieve a similar purpose as other things he’s abandoned himself to. It should be a warning sign, it should be the thought that makes him break and throw John off of him, but somewhere in his mind, Sherlock rationalizes that since he’s given up the safety of being able to resort to other abandons, he ought to be allowed this instead.
Selma took the pause as an excuse to use the bathroom and John was left with the phone in his hand, staring at the empty screen, trying to figure out if he was on to something or just drunk.
Even now, Sherlock has to prove himself over and over again in order to make people willing to even consider the possibility that he might in fact be right, because clearly, providing the only logical answer to a question just isn't enough to convince anyone.
Only it does, if only theoretically - if only ever for Sherlock, right at this very moment - it does, when what he desires is something that he will never have, and when the person who he desires is willing to agree that it doesn’t, in fact, matter.
John says it like an afterthought, but sitting there in his chair with his journal open and not a single page turned for several minutes, Sherlock knows it must be something that has required quite a lot of thought.
It’s not the first time he’s been to a psychiatrist, but it’s the first time that Mummy doesn’t protest or drag him out of there before the evaluation has even begun, tight-lipped as she apologised to him for having given into his teacher’s plea to have him tested. After that first time, when Mummy sat silently beside him, not arguing with the psychiatrist even as the questions became more and more ludicrous, Sherlock declared that he would only agree to attend the next appointment if she wasn’t in the room with him. He’d gotten his way without much of a fight, which was perhaps the most worrying thing in this whole business.
More green. More of the hateful khaki. But the Tyrian purple is there too, mixed with just a hint of arterial red.
“Ehm, no, that’s… No, I guess I haven’t.” John’s surprised by both Sherlock’s question and his own answer, it seems. “Do... do you want me to?”
(Which is marvelous news, all things considered, because no one in their right mind would find silver birds ‘amazing’ or put comments about the radiating of tangelo orange down to ‘seeing the world differently’.)
There was a time in Sherlock’s life before he committed himself fully to logic, but that time was neither productive or satisfying. The decision to hold logical reasoning above all else was what led him to this point -
“Did you just–” John begins and his eyes are still just a bit hazy and unfocused, but his voice is definitely teasing. “You do realise that you just called me ‘captain’ in the middle of me fucking you, don’t you?”
In the end, after having put aside several diagnoses which he can agree have merit, but which fail to account for most of his major issues, Sherlock is left with three candidates, two of which are not possible to treat with any kind of medical intervention and are therefore useless by his standards.
Either way you look at it, Sherlock is left with the chaos, the same chaos he's spent his whole life trying to sort out, but no matter how many tangled cases he untangles or how many perfect systems he forms in his mind palace, it's never enough. The wilderness remains.
. It’s a despicable word, really, but unfortunately one that has been stuck in his head since having heard a few people use it in regards to him, usually before he has opened his mouth to speak to them. After that,
The thought experiment proved useless, since the thought of anyone getting close enough to him that engaging in any kind of sexual or romantic relationship would be on the table was far too incongruous to entertain.
“You don't look nearly intoxicated enough to me,” says Nadine and smiles the sloppy smile of the inebriated.
In the imaginary ones, it's relatively easy to let go of doubts, embarrassment and to give up control.
It's a condescending gesture, but Sherlock does in fact need more benzodiazepines. Just a few more days. The withdrawal cannot last much longer now.
“How did you get into that?” Selma asks, leaning a bit over the table in order to catch John’s attention as she speaks, as John had been turned towards Sherlock and Matthew.
This. This man allowing John to do this. This man wants John to do this to him, rather. The rounded arse and the exposed and stretched hole are both there to take.
Self-medication is a human behavior in which an individual uses a substance or any exogenous influence to self-administer treatment for non-clinical physical or psychological ailments.
On the whole, Sherlock finds that the whole diagnostic framework is a simplified filing system that can only be considered applicable to people of moderate intelligence or below, presenting with only one or two disorders and possessing no ability to compensate for said issues.
John steps closer until the distance separating them is so insignificant that Sherlock can feel the warmth of John’s breath in each of his own inhales.
This time, Sherlock instantly opens his mouth at the pressure from John's tongue, angling his head and letting his own tongue meet John's, stroking it, the structure being just as odd and enticing as he’d found it to be a few hours ago. It's more coordinated this time, the way their mouths slide and their heads angle, but Sherlock is yet to find a pattern to it. When John's tongue retreats, Sherlock's own attempts to follow it back into John's mouth, only to be pushed back as John's tongue is suddenly poking out again, tracing the outlines of Sherlock's lips, and when Sherlock angles his head, following the tug on his hair, it's only to have his nose instantly collide with John's.
“Is your head bothering you again?” John asks, then apparently thinks better of it and adds: “Physically, I mean?”
“That is very much not the point here, Sherlock. I don’t know why-- I shouldn’t have said that, I didn’t mean anything. Look, it just slipped out, OK?” John says, voice steady, but something is there just below the surface. Something that suggests that Sherlock should instantly drop the the issue. “Now drop it. Don’t try to change the fucking subject.”
While the in-betweens are somewhat less bothersome these days, they are nonetheless still a recurrent phenomenon.
Rituals as a way to alter consciousness. Even simple rituals are believed to provide a certain degree of placebo effect that aids the individual in their pursuit of something, whether it’s relief in mourning or enhanced performance during a task.
He doesn't bother with safety goggles, but knowing from experience just how distasteful the smell of acid burning skin is, he does put on his gloves before pouring a colorless liquid into the Erlenmeyer flask, where it mixes with the compound he's already measured out.
“You know, you said something about Sophia Sanders having experienced something that made her, you know… more charitable?”
John waits for Sherlock to proceed, and Sherlock is willing to. It’s what needs to be done, and with his suit on it’s easier to merge himself into a persona - into the played confidence of someone (of some part of him) that takes pride in what he is in this regard.
To consider giving in to the weakness of his brain chemistry just to present himself in a better light for another person: absurd.
John is kneeling over him, opening up his jeans, pushing both jeans and pants down. To Sherlock it doesn’t seem like there’s even a moment’s hesitation in this. John tugs at him, willing him to move up against the headboard and placing a pillow behind his head. There’s something rare and unmasked about it all; about the feverish look in John’s face and the way Sherlock instantly knows what will happen. There might be a slight problem with the smells, but he can take it like this; his other senses almost overloaded with other sensations.
, of all places. Closing his eyes for a moment, John feels dizzy from all the reused air he's breathing in and from the feeling of a hand testing his reactions to its every movement.
There are crumbs on the carpet. Every nerve ending in the soles of Sherlock’s feet sends sensory information to his brain; the filter that usually sorts out at least part of the superfluous information was burnt away by the grey skies the day the silver birds reappeared.
- keeping his gaze steady. His own palpitations being almost audible, it's hard to focus on another rhythm.
“It’s none of my business, you’ve made that much clear,” comes John's voice from the other bed, slightly subdued but still awake.
After one more minute Sherlock’s shivering slightly and John keeps stroking while he withdraws his cock just a bit and then pushes slowly back in. Sherlock tenses up again, but soon relaxes into John’s hand. He begins to move his hips in an attempt to thrust harder into John’s fist, resulting in friction against John’s own cock.
“Don’t,” John says, his voice all steel, and the man on the floor loses track of what he was doing for less than a second, but that’s all John needs. Then man is once again whimpering in pain and curling in on himself, and John’s ducking away from the knife that’s now coming at him, using his arm to fend off the attack.
The heat of John’s body and the discomfort of their position make it difficult for Sherlock not to constantly shift and adjust himself. He finds himself trying to count John’s breaths in order to focus on something -
Sherlock blinks his eyes open, but the ceiling above him is just as bland and inexpressive as ever, and so he lets them drift shut again, finding it easier to focus on John’s voice without the light bleeding into his awareness.
A sting, a fierce one, and Sherlock's mind is not balanced enough for this conversation, because John's wrong, so wrong, and Sherlock's…
If his head hadn’t already been pounding, it would probably would have started to do so somewhere around now. Instead Sherlock feels how the fever-like sensation in his skin comes in surges, leaving him with chills. Beside him John is busy with his phone -
“Have you always felt inclined to relieve that frustration by hurting me, or did that start only once you deduced that I might not be opposed to such arrangement?”
It burns very much and perhaps this is not the best of ideas. It doesn’t matter, though, because they’re doing this and Sherlock wants very much to know what it feels like to have John Watson doing this to him.
His palm finds another palm and as he lets his fingers close around Sherlock's hand, Sherlock doesn't flinch, doesn't even avert his eyes from the window and it is a strange sensation, sitting there in broad daylight, holding the hand of a man who John has only ever seen doing anything affectionate within the confines of their flat.
“We're almost at the village,” John says, interrupting Sherlock's sorting of the new facts. “Now would be an excellent time to call a cab, don't you think? I would prefer to get home before my shift starts in… oh, four hours.”
The sound of John's muffled cries from above died out hours ago, but in his head such things have a tendency to echo in the silence. As dawn approaches behind drawn curtains, Sherlock surrenders to insomnia and gets up to a sitting position on his bed, knees drawn up and back resting against the headboard.
“They used something to cut the pages out. In the photos from the previous burglaries, the remains of the page were sharp. But look at this--”
Two months after his discharge from the facility, Sherlock finds that the answers he needs at that point to handle the (neurochemically unavoidable) complication of his one and only diagnosed condition are most likely found in the field of suicidology.
. “Seeing how you seem to radiate buzzing activity almost every single moment, I’d say it's no wonder that your amygdala is working overtime.”
In front of him, Sherlock is waiting. Sherlock never waits, yet here he is, waiting for John to make a move.
It’s downright stupid - disregarding all common sense and safety - but it doesn’t change the the facts; in the end, John would rather take all the risks of unsafe sex than taking the single risk of putting anything about this into words. It would mean breaking the thin ice that they’re both doing their best pretending not to walk on, and they might enjoy risks, but there are risks not even they are willing to take.
One more week. Then, he will have reached his decision height, metaphorically speaking, and will need to decide whether or not he’ll be able land this whole… approach, or will be forced to--
Around him, everything seems to be spinning, and beneath him, the floor is slowly swaying like it is attempting to rock him to sleep.
. And Sherlock so rarely got to experience that kind of silent lack of reaction, so he'd settled in front of his laptop as soon as he had gotten out of the shower and had seen his brother's text, containing a link to an encrypted forum page, and Sherlock was now reluctant to break that frail balance between
“I doubt that the DSM would acknowledge “sentiment” as the root of our pathologies,” Sherlock retorts, because Mycroft should never be allowed to forget his own part in this.
But right now, something that doesn’t fit into any of these categories must have upset John, because as he and Sherlock are eating their breakfast, John hardly manages to finish half of his toast and his jaws clench and unclench whenever he thinks that Sherlock isn't watching him.
It’s there, then it’s gone, but the feeling isn’t, and Sherlock can’t think about that right now, can’t have that--
There are several things Sherlock could say to that, but this is a minefield, because he is aware of the truth behind what is said. And Sherlock can bypass that fact just to argue with his brother, but there's a pressure building up, and there are some things Sherlock is not willing to do in front of Mycroft. One of those things is providing visible proof of just how much a slave to his compulsions Sherlock really is.
Turning his head until half his face is pressed against John’s side, Sherlock can still sense the expectant silence as well as the way his muscles want brace for a blow.
After extensive research on the subject, Sherlock had decided to disregard all the guidelines he’d found and simply go about it the way he did when he rid himself of the drugs; cold turkey. The phrase ‘cold turkey’ might not be the correct term in this case since the use of Clomipramine is neither a destructive habit nor an addiction, but the methodology is still the same; quitting abruptly without reducing or replacing. The cold turkey method is said to have the advantage of not replacing the addictive substance with a substitute, but Sherlock’s motive is simple; he’s impatient and can’t be bothered to gradually lower the dosage, plus he wants the contingent withdrawal period to be as short as possible.
“I-- was not aware of doing... all that,” John offers slowly, apparently still processing all the words that Sherlock just flung his way.
And as two soaking fingertips invade his mouth, pressing inside and pulling slightly back before pushing further, Sherlock meets John’s eyes, then quickly averts his own gaze, already too exposed and too raw.
“How did you get all these?” John wonders, clearly ignoring Sherlock’s peevishness. “‘A Beginner’s Guide to Airsports’? And this… ‘Psychiatry To-Day’. I mean, ‘To-Day’? It’s from… 1952!”
“There are things that I-- He suggested a pattern that would form a plausible explanation for something I could account for no other way. One might say he provoked an apophany.”
John tries to ignore him, tries to ignore the naked chest and the exclusive smells and the way Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms are hanging low on his hips, but it’s not an easy thing to do, ignoring another person when you’re both moving about inside a 35 square feet space.
. Sherlock knows everything about living in limbo, and John has asked not to have to stay in the limbo between being or not being…
She’s waiting for him outside the library in the south of Edinburgh, but he doesn't recognise her from the photos on Facebook. Instead, it's a process of elimination. She's the only one remotely the right age and height currently on the street.
John glances over the top of his paper. There’s a wrinkle between his eyebrows and his eyes are slightly crinkled -
“This isn’t about anything, it’s just you seeing what everyone else sees, but you’ve been too fueled by adrenaline and abandonment issues to acknowledge.”
“Considering that you’re the only one who has had access to some of this information, it’d be like signing your death certificate, and since your son is soon going to be old enough to decide if he wants to see you I figured that even that depressing little flat of yours is a better place for that than a graveyard.”
As John hears the door slam shut behind him, the far too familiar feeling of unease has already settled deep in his gut. Sherlock is a nasty, arrogant piece of shit, that much is clear. What is not clear, however, is why anybody with any kind of self-respect would put up with it. Sherlock might be a piece of shit, but John is a pathetic, insecure idiot, which really isn’t any better. And that thought alone is the single most frustrating thing about this whole miserable evening.
Their eyes meet again, and Sherlock knows it the moment he sees John’s pupils. The deflation is beginning to give way for something more intent.
Sherlock is absently running the side of his thumb over his fingernails. It's one of the dozen or so small ways in which John can tell that Sherlock is anxious, or at least his own, restless version thereof.
John adds another log to the fire, and Sherlock adjusts his position on the floor - his back is getting stiff and even through the carpet, the floor is too hard for his oddly sore muscles.
It's a gamble. Sherlock isn't sure if John's aware of the - most commonly - sexual associations to that particular use of the word, and bringing up any similarities to whatever John might want out of this and the form of sexual situations in which that word might be used is… thin ice.
Selma’s voice breaks the silence that lingers in the cab. John feels as if he can actually sense how Selma’s thoughts have spun like electrons around a nucleus ever since they left the pub and he's only surprised that she’s held back her questions for so long.
“Put that aside,” Sherlock instructs, indicating the laptop in John's lap. “I need you to go down to the Yard and pick up someone else’s laptop for me.”
“I’m not self-sabotaging. I’m merely being myself. If you find that to be self-destructive than I don’t see why you are still here.”
And yet, there’s a respite offered by these particular rituals; and what’s more, the irrationality involved in them might just be something he’s willing to put up with.
It's two days after the unfortunate discussion of infliction of pain in a sexual context, and John looks up at him from where he’s seated, and Sherlock’s impressed over the way John manages to make it sound almost as casual.
They assume. It's a dangerous thing to do, because you can only assume things based on what you know, and most people know so disturbingly little.
The words come out almost as casually as he'd intended, and for once, John doesn't follow up with more questions, just nods slowly and lets out a breath as his fingers begin to unbutton Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock manages to catch a glimpse of his face before John inclines his head, and there's something new there, something that makes the Tyrian purple and the forest green challenge the red.
John's sudden anger is hidden under a defensive tone. The purple and blue become polluted, too transparent. Sherlock has hit a nerve, but he has no idea how.
As John eases off of the sofa, stands up, and from Sherlock's position down on the sofa,  John's nude form looks strange and disproportionate. Sex chemicals buzzing through his bloodstream, Sherlock almost finds himself answering the odd, hesitant smile on John's face before he remembers that there's still something undisclosed and unsettling between them.
Blinking his eyes open, Sherlock realises that he must have fallen asleep. From the floor above Sherlock can hear how raucous cries are shifting into almost inaudible sobs.
(That said, don't ever feel like you have to make it all alone, the way Sherlock did. You don't. Talking about does -despite what one might feel about the concept - help. At least, that is my opinion as a clinican but also that of current ressearch on suicidology.)
Sherlock might not particularly like what he sees in the mirror, but there are things far more detrimental for his well-being than the shape of his shirts.
His impulse control reaching it’s limit, John withdraws an inch and pushes back again only to stop himself from pushing even further. The body underneath him winches and tenses up even more, beautiful in it’s ability to just take what’s given. He doesn’t want to hurt Sherlock, but he does want to take him hard, pushing in, filling, coming…
I think I might have had been a bit over enthusiastic about some things while writing this... I have no other excuse.
Sherlock wants this for his own sake. He doesn't particularly enjoy it. He's actively distressed at points. But he wants it still. Perhaps he won't want to do it again, but he wants to at least having done it this once. And when it comes to sex, that's controversial. But we all do this in some parts of our lives. We try the roller coaster that we're terrified of, because we want to know if we can do it. We agree to hold that speech that makes us nauseated just to think of, because we want to be able to do it. We do that tattoo that we want even if every minute of it is agonising.
“You do know that they’re not currently treating anyone by inducing insulin coma, don’t you?” John inquires, his voice perfectly serious. “But seeing as you also have a phrenology poster on the floor next to our sink, your knowledge on this particular field of science might be in need of a a brush-up.”
(There’s no pressure, no vibrations, only this; the full and intense focus on the pattern that’s taking form on the screen in front of him as he works with both his hands and his mind, untangling and sorting through the data.)
Especially not just as Sherlock's about to tell John about some of his limits without knowing what he's asked to limit down from.
At least it seems like he's reaching for Sherlock. For a second Sherlock's stomach flips before he realises that John is not reaching for him, he's handing him something.
“Open,” John says, still breathless after his orgasm, but there’s something very much intent in his voice.
Without his conscious permission, his muscles must have gone pliant, or at least pliant enough so that when John's hand began guiding Sherlock's chest slowly towards the surface of the table, it hardly registered in his mind.
- that would otherwise have manifested, then would it be possible to assert that if he hadn’t been on the antidepressant for all those years he would then have got more accustomed to - would have learnt to recognise - his emotions? Would he have known then how to do all this stuff - relationships, social cues,
John's whisper is almost drowned out by the echo of the broom that fell against the concrete floor, the sound of it breaking the silence like a gunshot.
“That’s so exciting, John!” Eva says, rising to her feet with the empty glass in her hand. “I need one more of these, can I get you anything, Sherlock?”
I might have bollocksed up both tenses and other things here. Feel free to let me know in that case.
I haven’t included much about John’s background in this story, but I think I’ve implied that he’s had a chaotic or abusive upbringing. This is rather common amongst people with identity disturbances, because being in an unstable environment where your actions will cause different reactions from your surroundings on different days makes it much harder to predict others’ reactions and form a sense of identity based on how others’ respond to you.
The plan in itself is simple enough; create another situation with physical proximity to ensure that the observations of last time remain valid.
“Well, deducing the motive behind any murderous attempt directed at you personally would probably be--” John starts, but Sherlock interrupts him before that so-called joke is finished.
Sherlock is not sure about the terminology. He’s not even quite sure what he’s asking, and John looks equally confused as he forms his own half-question.
Somehow, this chapter emerged quite unexpectedly in the midst of me sorting my thoughts after a conversation about how we react to people triggering strong emotions we did not anticipate and do not understand in ourselves.
He wasn't ashamed over what he was doing, because what he was doing made sense, chemically speaking. At the age where he first discovered the possibility of a more deliberate form of self-inflicted pain, Sherlock already had a basic understanding of pain-response and the psychological effects of endorphins, which made it easier, made it less a desperate act and more a planned strategy, or so he liked to think.
John rolled his now empty glass in his hands, distantly wondering if he should even be discussion Sherlock with his co-worker. Still, he didn’t change the subject. Perhaps it was the weakening of inhibitions Selma had mentioned. Selma, who began to look quite attractive - if he were to disregard the fact that she was almost half his age - with her animated movements and with her idle fidgeting lessened by the depressing effect of alcohol. He shook his head.
There’s a lot he doesn’t know about Sherlock in this regard. A lot they don’t know about each other, and that’s why it really should--
“‘Science’,” Sherlock huffs. “I’d hardly qualify the so-called findings of this particular field as ‘science’.
Something that John has a problem with in this story, repeatedly, is the ability to view himself in one way despite the fact that he often behaves in contradictory ways. He’s a doctor who was also a soldier, and he’s a lover who takes pleasure in hurting the one he loves. He’s a straight man in love with another man, and all those contradictions are almost impossible for him to handle, which might be explained by his low sense of self; it’s usually easier to accept the contradictions in yourself if you have a sense of who you are. Dichtomies are a common obstacle.
They're both watching. Sherlock must know that John is watching as fingers slides up his hips and then a hand is enclosing around John's cock, and it looks strange there; Sherlock's hand being
Turns out that the only thing worse than living is nearly dying, and as the pain gradually lessens, Sherlock almost wishes it wouldn't, because at least it was enough to keep him from thinking.
The deep blue silk-fabric had fine stripes woven into it and the pockets were deep enough to hold both cigarettes, his lighter and a book; the three things Sherlock needed in order to get himself through the endless hours and days at the fancy rehab clinic his brother had sent him to.
Biting back the rest, John averts his gaze from Sherlock - or rather Sherlock’s right hand, which is objectively quite badly bruised and swollen by now - for a few seconds before apparently trusting himself to speak again.
The game ended once Mycroft heard his parents discuss the problem of the doctors’ widely varying preliminary diagnoses in their kitchen, once when he was home over the holidays, and instantly realised what Sherlock was up to.
“Very well. As your brother, I think I’m allowed to feel some concern at the fact that you’ve begun purchasing narcotics off the streets.”
“Sherlock dear, your brother is here to see you,” Mrs Hudson informs him from below the stairs to 221B -
Sherlock shifts a bit, suddenly wanting to know if this is affecting John the way it's affecting him, even though it seems unlikely given John's lack of sexual attraction towards his gender, but proximity is still proximity and Sherlock wants to know and he doesn't want to know and--
Sherlock tenses almost unnoticeable at the initial touch, but his muscles relax as John keeps his hand moving firmly.
He won’t kill himself, but that doesn’t mean he has to try very hard not to get himself killed. He can solve puzzles and put himself in harm’s way, because harm isn’t really harmful when you’ve been waiting for it your entire life. And perhaps, maybe just once, he will manage to do something worthwhile. It’s a vague idea, and it’s a compromise, but at least it’s not entirely bleak. In fact, he can’t really lose. Either way, he won’t be stuck in the greyness of the constant, unnerving, mind-numbing in-betweens for too long.
Even Helena couldn’t always tell the two deficiencies apart at times, which gave him leeway in choosing his strategies to deal with the named one, as it could be seen as a healthy way to deal with the other. She was right -
- and flipped restlessly on his bed. He also fell into a light slumber until he was woken by the vibration-
The conditions for such re-test are, if not optimal, at least acceptable. John will be at work for five more hours, and Sherlock has taken no anxiolytics for the last 72 hours (an excessive time period, given the half-life of Oxazepam, but a certain amount of tolerance was likely to have been established, and so Sherlock had wanted to err on the side of safety in case some form of withdrawal occurred.)
He stepped into the role of a dragon slayer, and he slew the dragon. The rest of it, the outcome, is out of his control now.
A knock on the door, and Sherlock trades a couple of folded bills for five blister packs. There's a spite in that -
There's a tingle in Sherlock’s palms, and he closes them even tighter around his mug, willing the physical response to pressure to overrule the slight tremble he feels in his arms.
It doesn’t matter, but it's somehow crucial. The thought of John attempting to talk to him, attempting to meet his eyes, asking him if he’s alright--
Psychiatry To-Day; https://www.amazon.co.uk/Psychiatry-Pelican-books-David-Stafford-Clark/dp/B0000CIC3B
“You know I shouldn't let you bring this file home. You're not even consulting on the case, and frankly I can't see what interests in with this disappearance. Nothing that points to unusual cleverness, in there,” Lestrade says as he pretends not to want to give Sherlock the manila envelope.
“I… assist. With the medical issues. And with some practical issues.” John is so used to only introducing his role in their work when they are on a crime scene or meeting a suspect, and doing it in this setting, with colleagues that he has yet to inform about his other occupation, is proving to be more difficult than he’d imagined it to be.
For a few seconds, they stay like that. Then John’s grip on Sherlock’s hair shifts until Sherlock’s spine is no longer forced to arch backwards to accommodate, and Sherlock allows himself to fully slump onto the table.
Sherlock fumbles to get his head out of the sheet with uncoordinated movements. The edge of the sheet is stuck under his shoulder and he has to roll to the side while fighting with the fabric before he is finally able to see the object on the nightstand in the dim room.
- and Sherlock respects competence above all other things, and in this matter he completely lacks it.
“I derive pleasure from being held down, tied up and from being restrained. I also find mild to moderate pain as well as certain kinds of humiliation to be sexually arousing. I’ve had this ‘inclination’ since before I understood the concept of sex. I’m sorry to hear that you find what I am to be unacceptable.”
- about John, it started only after his brain was once again destabilised due to the decrease in serotonin. And caring -
"What I'm saying," John says with that forced almost-smile that indicates that John's near boiling-point with built-up frustration, but is schooled not to let it show on his face, "is that nothing is ever about me. Not for you. And I could handle that before. Could handle how you used my skills when you needed them to make a point and then left me behind as soon as I was at risk of slowing you down, and how you led me on and then brushed me off just to lead me on again, using the fact that I exposed myself
The sight of the crowded pavement is almost enough to make him turn around and retreat back into the cab. The cacophony of smells, movement and the buzzing sounds coming from every direction makes him disoriented, and the nausea from a few minutes ago returns instantly. People are passing him at different paces, in different rhythms, and it’s unpredictable, disorganised and overwhelming in a way it hasn’t been since he was a child.
Scoffing irritably in reply to John’s query, Sherlock shoulders his bag and resumes walking towards the plane.
“Are you ready?” John asks, turning his gaze from the view of aeroplanes taxiing and taking off on the other side of the floor-to-ceiling glass window at the gate.
Sherlock’s eyes meet his. And they’re more unreadable than they’ve ever been, so John just grips his hair harder and fucks into him with more force, making it impossible for Sherlock to keep his eyes on John's any longer.
Without examining this train of thought more closely, he took five pills and swallowed them down by drinking directly from the tap in the bathroom, before putting the bottle back in the metal box. Metal box, wooden box.
Sherlock nods vaguely towards the kitchen counter where the kettle is still warm and three boxes of tea are slumped around it.
John is gasping profanities in between kisses that are growing wetter and clumsier by the minute, and their cocks are sliding against each other in between their stomachs. Sherlock’s hands are pulling John closer, harder, needing the weight of him against his his cock, needing something to grasp at.
Sherlock is on the floor beside his bed, observing the different sensations as they manifest themselves, carefully navigating the aftermath of what had taken place on the sofa just minutes ago.
He's not going to do anything about that now. It would compromise the data he's collecting on his own reactions after the encounter, and Sherlock's needs to know just how the experience of any kind of painplay alters when another person is involved.
Getting up from the table, John bunches up the jacket he'd put beside him on the seat, folding it over his arm and letting it obscure what's most likely a fairly visible bulge. He heads to the stairwell, taking the stairs slowly as he thinks about how it would feel to once again get to teach such a brilliant man something, see him slightly out of his depths, looking up at John, waiting for instructions as he kneels in front of the woman John just picked up at the lounge and brought back to their room.
Without thinking about it, Sherlock lets his own tongue find John’s, wanting to experience and explore it in as many ways as possible, and what is initially tentative soon evolves to something else, something more determined on John's part.
In Sherlock’s mind, things are almost quiet as he feels his heartbeat pulse throughout his entire body. He’s narrowly escaped death, and somehow that feeling never seems to build tolerance.
It’s hard to determine which actions are caused by a lack of impulse control and which are just done in deliberate disregard for possible consequences. For me, the ‘regret’ is the decisive factor in this. Therefore it’s hard to tell which of the behaviours in the chapter that’s done out of lack of impulse control, but here’s my thoughts as I wrote it:
“Bet he was uncomfortable; nothing makes him more stressed than the boredom of common, relaxed socialization.”
Failing to present itself when the pain and touch originate solely from his own actions, but is released when in closer physical proximity to another person whilst the pain and the touch is applied.
I was at the excellent exhibition "Queer British Art" at the Tate a few weeks back, and at one place, an actor was cited saying that it was not uncommon to use dressing gowns on stage if one wanted to play a character that was meant to be subtly queer.
Allowing only a few - three - slow, cautious strokes, Sherlock proceeds to extract lubricant and a dildo from his night table, letting them rest on the covers next to him as he gets his pyjama bottoms and pants off, leaving a pile on the floor, out of sight.
Sherlock's not sure if John is taking the piss. He would hardly be the first to do it. But John licks his lips -
Sherlock is someone who always chooses his moments, and he has chosen this particular moment to ask this simply because John - already aroused and with his mind full of the things he wants to do to Sherlock - will react much more favourably to suggestions of the kind Sherlock has just voiced than he otherwise would. It's simple chemistry, and Sherlock will take a rational approach to reduce the chances of John's reactions being negative to what he’s suggesting.
There’s a pattern to follow, and he can finally be sure that the pattern in question doesn’t just exist inside his own head. And so that night, Sherlock sleeps, because it gets worse if he doesn't, and that’s yet another thing he can’t afford that now.
He was a “difficult case”. Initially due to his intellect allowing him to “compensate” for some of the symptoms, according to one doctor, and later due to the fact that he began “cooperating”, which in his case meant that he distributed various false leads, pointing to a multitude of different diagnoses, making the doctors feel they might be onto something only to suddenly shift tracks and make them think that another trail might be what they'd been missing previously.
Within the days of his initial deduction, Sherlock managed to deduce that Gabriel must have been with his current boyfriend for at least two years, that said boyfriend was most likely a borderline hoarder, insisting on saving anything that could possibly become ‘useful’ one day, that they had a romantic sex life utterly free of any kinks and that they regularly went to look at cars together, but never managed to agree on which one to get.
(What’s the secondary response to guilt, Sherlock wonders - he even considers asking her, but decides that the still-lingering ache in his hand and the metallic aftertaste of Zopiclone might be all the answer he needs.)
“I didn't, but you just confirmed it,” says Sherlock, resting his hands on the back of the chair he's just vacated.
“Yeah, but you'll have more to catch up on if you are gone longer,” Victor reasons, and right then, Sherlock realises that Victor understands nothing.
With a sigh, Sherlock pulls himself up to sit on his bed. The sudden movement leaves him dizzy, his blood pressure quickly adjusting to the new position. Everything around him seems slightly distorted.
John is usually up to date on his medical reading. Sherlock respects competence, and staying current in your field is certainly part of said competence.
- The contradiction between what Sherlock wants sexually and what he thinks is appropriate and safe to display
He manages the words, but it’s hard to keep his own eyes from shutting when pushing into Sherlock’s mouth. The image is striking, more stunning than the two previous times, because Sherlock is almost naked and John’s got him pinned between the headboard and his own pelvis. He likes Sherlock like this, likes everything about this. There’s no hesitance about his own heterosexuality or their relationship at this moment. It’s just this; fucking into Sherlock’s mouth and seeing Sherlock’s eyes tear up from the effort of suppressing his gag reflex.
“I'm an - sober - addict. I solve crime to get a kick, just like you. My brain rots in absence of stimulation. How much more reason do I need?”
Mood disorder NOS, personality disorder NOS and - to Sherlock’s great annoyance - pervasive development disorder NOS.
. There’s a distinct smell of cleaning aids and a slight trace of old rubbish in the air, which is frowsy and feels heavy. It’s something that he perceives as pressuring about the quality of the air, but Sherlock knows that no one else will notice it. The frowsy smell and the tightly packed air make his stomach remember that it’s still upset and he struggles not to let his face give away any discomfort. The whole abandoned coffee shop is a blend of the grey, sharp light coming through the huge windows to the street and the dim shadows where the light can’t reach. The electricity seems to be turned off, so no soft yellow light makes up for the harshness of the daylight -
Sherlock begins outlining his thoughts on the case, interrupted only by John’s questions and reflections, until John needs to prepare for work, and Sherlock finds his laptop under his chair, proceeding to do his research.
John’s hand stills, fingers resting against the side of Sherlock’s throat, and there’s no pressure, only presence, a contact area for warm skin.
“Says the boy who almost got himself killed in a chemistry lab,” Nadine snorts, landing a playful slap on his thigh.
The words, as well as John’s incredulous tone as he repeats them, are enough to drag Sherlock out of his hazy, post-orgasmic state - and to set something cold twisting in his stomach.
Sherlock's feet are steady on the railing, but one single misstep and there'd be nothing between him and the stream below.
First; ‘Self-destructive behavior’ is not synonymous with ‘self-harm’, so for those of you who might worry about triggers for self-harm; you needn’t worry. A better summary of the meaning of the title of the chapter is - as always - available in the End Note, but basically one could say that self-destructive behavior is any form of self-sabotaging; a behavior that gets in the way of achieving your long term goals. This could be triggering in other ways, though; mainly homophobia (internalized and external) and internal.
Leaning in, John decides that words probably wouldn’t work for them anyway. So it doesn’t matter that he fills Sherlock’s mouth with his own tongue instead of filling the silence with something more verbal. And the way Sherlock lets him - lets him taste, tongue, lick - is almost like an answer, but to something John hasn’t even asked yet (and probably never will).
“Don’t know, you know him better,” she said with another shrug of her shoulders. “But he seemed rather uncomfortable in the pub, so there’s that.”
Sherlock grunts. Actually, the man is harmless - Sherlock is good at judging such things, because it takes one freak to know another. What would it be like to live on the safe side of the line that others are so sure of, but he can’t seem to find?
During his first two days in the ICU, Sherlock keeps returning to the thought of death with a previously unknown intensity.
Regarding diagnostic framework; For the substance disorder, ICD is used due to it being the most likely system to be applied at that time, when Sherlock researches the diagnoses, I've chosen to use DSM-IV due to it being included in the book (according to some online reviews), and because that's the diagnostic manual I'm most familiar with.
And yet those are not the worst - or most terrifyingly plebeian and naive - amongst the words he's just uttered.
The look of disbelief on Mycroft’s face makes up for Sherlock having had to disclose the fact that taking himself off the Oxazepam and Alprazolam had been unpleasant for all involved.
...going to be such a mess to clean up. And he knows from experience that if someone is going to clean up a mess, it will inevitably be John himself. The only one in the cab who actually holds his tongue about all the thoughts inside his head like a responsible adult. Therefore, he's sentenced to do just what responsible adults do: taking the consequences of others lack of impulse control.
John looks at him the way he sometimes does when he thinks that Sherlock is being knowingly opaque, but still settles for waiting until Sherlock chooses to reveal the logic behind his reasoning.
Suddenly there’s something that might be a hint of a smile on John's face, but that seems absurd, unless he’s already--
“You could have been bloody killed!” the DI exclaims, rubbing the fingers of his free hand against the bridge of his nose.
When Sherlock is eleven years, six months and fourteen days old he’s just like any odd, uncomfortable, confused genius. When he’s eleven years, six months and fifteen days old his brain derails while going at it’s usual speed of 80 mph.
The red glow is still tinted with a hint of khaki, of pale green, and it doesn’t make sense, but then sentiment - or whatever this is - seldom does. Sherlock decides that this is not the time to solve a puzzle that’s been bothering him for twenty-odd years.
With that John seems to make up his mind and gives another nod before he exits the kitchen. A hollow sensation surges through Sherlock’s guts before he hears the telltale sound of John’s laptop being opened -
. Sherlock doesn’t have to look to know that John has an air of purple around him. Deep, but not saturated.
the connection between his central and his peripheral nervous system. Between his nerves signalling sensory input and his brain registering and interpreting the sensations.
John's colors keep shifting during the next two days, as does his gait. He’s beginning to limp slightly, and trying to compensate for it.
(There must be a logic to this, there must be tells people learn as they continue to engage in these kind of activities, because what's happening now is inelegant, if not at all unpleasant.)
John also fears ‘his worlds meeting’ - Sherlock meeting the John he is at work and vice versa, because to John, these two people have very little in common. He’s afraid, constantly afraid, that someone will one day figure out that he’s no one, because all he does is play different roles depending on the circumstances (people with this symptom are often incredibly empathetic, because you have to be in order to adjust yourself to all these different situations when you can’t rely on your own sense of self in terms of how to act.)
John looks surprised, but doesn’t comment, just waits for Sherlock to continue, as his own colors are shifting rapidly - khaki, green, a hint of purple. John might not know what to think, but although he’s frustrated and curious enough not to interrupt by asking questions, it’s clear that it’s costing him to remain silent.
We only see Sherlock's POV in this chapter, but it's likely that both of them expect to react in line with previous reactions after physical intimacy. Perhaps they even expect a stronger reaction than before ('blow up in his face') due to the increased intensity of both physical contact and the element of D/s that they're (very unnegotiatedly) expolring. Initially, Sherlock's reaction does follow the previous pattern - shame, negative thoughts of himself and a steadily growing panic that will most likely turn into a major--
Also, keep in mind; this is not me trying to diagnose Sherlock. This a is a story in which Sherlock attempts diagnosing himself.
Instead of slamming the drawer shut, Sherlock rummages through the contents. It's not the first time he’s invited himself to look at John's things, and if John stays it will probably not be the last time either.
John had insisted at buying Selma something to drink, which she’d only accepted after he’d mentioned the appalling payroll situation for nurses in London. She’d settled for a White Russian - as low in alcohol as possible - while he’d gone straight for a strong lager.
John’s words, almost a mumble, coming from above him. John has leaned forward a bit, most likely to be able to better observe Sherlock’s face, and suddenly, Sherlock feels almost painfully exposed.
- and wasn’t on a mission to recreate normalcy? He has no idea. His behaviour used to be dependent on his mood. What mood does he want to communicate now? 'Normalcy' is not a mood.
John licks his lip, that sometimes infuriating habit that Sherlock knows means that John is either nervous, searching for words or trying to get his head around something. In other words, it's a very frequent habit.
Sherlock is familiar with the conversation that is soon to follow. It’s a conversation they’ve already had once, a year and a half ago, during their first meal at Angelo’s.
would be a relief - he needs an instant way of relieving the pressure that’s making his ribs ache and his skin crawl and he needs not to be in the presence of John when the low-grade panic he senses as a distant rumble eventually evolves into something much more deafening and explosive.
The fan is whisking around air, and the minibar is humming where it stands on the corner of the tiny desk. Sherlock can hear his own breathing, but he can’t make out the sound of John’s.
Twenty minutes later, John finds another case that seems to confirm Sherlock's theory. John is unaware of the specifics of said theory, as the risk of Sherlock working on a lead based on a faulty conclusion can’t be ruled out. Since John is used to Sherlock only sharing information when he either wishes to show off, needs to talk out loud in order to override the noise in his head or to teach John how to observe, this lack of communication earns him no suspicion. John is hitting the keys on his laptop slightly harder than he does when in a good or neutral mood, but that is to be expected after nightmares.
Except this is nothing like the memories of a Judgement Day that never came. This is about something that may or may not be real, but that isn’t a threat. It’s… a chance.
“There are no studies on the long-term effects of antidepressants on cognitive functions. I also find that it… slows my mind down.”
The informant’s eyes widen for a moment before he resumes his neutral expression. He scans Sherlock's face for a few seconds, then he sighs and looks away.
In the end, perhaps some things are possible not only to get used to, but also to accept or even embrace.
(He hadn't seen this coming, but his body is prepared and his mind is overruled by his body, and for once that knowledge isn't hateful, because his body knows this -
The same arterial red that flashes at the inside of Sherlock’s eyelids as the cab makes a right turn.
, Sherlock has known that it’s something that he wants very much to experience. He hadn’t, however, been able to make himself go through with it before. Not during those drug enhanced encounters at uni, before it all…
“Sherlock,” John says, words coming out in a punctuated manner that speaks volumes about John’s discomfort, “there are some things which I should not have to explain to you. Even when it comes to how bloody wrong all of this is.”
Still, he found himself craving the instant escape, the heightening of senses paired with the ability not to stay focused.
. Still, he follows Sherlock into the kitchen, placing himself at the table near the microscope while Sherlock fills the kettle.
Using the nearest cloth to dry off the clamps, Sherlock sighs and resigns himself to the reality of an inconclusive experiment.
- but Sherlock’s finds that his mouth is suddenly deprived of saliva and his tongue feels like it’s too dry to form words.
John is seated on the sofa, studying the comments on his blog. The curious glowing orange is still present but the blue has shift into a blend of Tyrian purple and teal. Sherlock finds it hard to redirect his eyes from the color spectrum that is John Watson.
Lately, Sherlock has noticed that John seems pleased whenever Sherlock’s is either rude or dismissive.
“Well, I can’t know, can I? So clearly, neither can he. It’d be idiotic of him not to hang around to find out.”
The reactions had seemed much more manageable once Sherlock had confirmed the underlying, chemical cause behind them.
John eliminates the distance between them with just a few strides, and Sherlock stubbornly remains curled up on his side, not moving a muscle as John moves purposefully towards him. But instead of pulling Sherlock up to his feet or at least attempt to get him into a sitting position, John simply sits down on the sofa on the only space available, right next to where Sherlock's head is resting.
“You’re a chemist. Or, you are on your way to becoming a chemist. And I see that you’re also a proper genius according to the childhood evaluations,” she says, flipping through her notes in a battered pad.
It only takes half an hour to gather everything he needs to find the people he’s been looking for ever since he realised that the cases were linked.
There isn’t a trace of irritation or even sharpness left as his eyes meet Sherlock’s. Surprise. Hesitance. Perhaps even fear. But no sharpness. No room to misinterpret.
The sound of Mycroft’s even breathing before he begins to speak does leave room for some comparisons, though. Because for every
Sherlock isn't sure what to make of that either, or how to adjust his actions accordingly. There's an anger, somewhere, but he pushes it down, and it lingers down in his belly, feeling faintly like a heart burn.
John is formulating a sharp reply, but manages to fight the impulse back. Defending Selma would only wreck her attempt at pretending that it wasn’t importent. He knows that from a childhood growing up with a sister who crossed all lines of appropriate behaviour, and he knows that from one and a half year of seeing people react to Sherlock. All his life, he’s never been the person that people raised their eyebrows at, but he’d always been the one standing by that person's side. There had been times that he wished that he could sometimes be the one who let his own impulses out without filtering, but a lifetime of inhibiting impulses led to patterns that were hard to break. It's only on cases, when in fights or during chases, that he lets the impulses lead. That often leads to more violence than could be considered necessary and John is wary of the forces that could be unleashed if he let his inhibitions fall further.
“Of course,” Sherlock mutters, finally finding the articles on the case he knew he'd read about earlier that year.
If the possibility of death is inconsequential, or even desirable, then there’s no reason not to risk his own life for the sake of something more substantial than his own current mental instability.
Sherlock is using his right hand to hold his phone, using his thumb to scroll through the text he's reading.
His awkward, half-lying position is pushing his ribs against the sharp edge of the table, and while Sherlock can't see John, John must be able to see every flinch on Sherlock's face as pain forces him to clench his jaw to keep from making any sound.
It fit his thin frame perfectly, and as he wrapped it even closer around himself, Sherlock didn’t even care that the garment would make him look a bit poncy, because at that moment, the smooth, cool fabric was the best thing he’d felt in days.
“If it weren’t so obvious that you didn’t get as far as the bed last night, I would have suggested that you must have woken up on the wrong side of it this morning, Sherlock,” Mycroft says smugly after a quick glance at his brother.
It occurs to John to tell Sherlock that he's close, getting closer, almost there-- but he doesn't, instead allowing his body to tense up and his moans to grow louder, telling Sherlock, wordlessly, that this will soon be over, will soon--
As Sherlock walks through the dark sitting room and into the kitchen, where the lamp with the broken shade paints the room in contrasts between warm yellow and long, dark shadows, he knows that he won’t be able to sleep. There’s a panic in this knowledge and without allowing himself enough time to consider the possible consequences, Sherlock heads to the bathroom and rummages through John’s things. In a metallic box that holds several bottles and packets he finds what he's searching for. He might not have cocaine, but it’s not cocaine he needs at this point anyway. He wants to decrease the surge of not knowing. John had rarely used the small bottle of strong benzodiazepines that he'd been prescribed when his flashbacks had left him shivering or grinding his teeth hard enough to cause damage two years ago. Before Baker Street.
“Insecure? Sherlock?” John said with an amused grin, forgetting that he was in fact furious with the man.
However, the problem with any kind of adjustment to his appearance is that it needs to be consistent. If he starts shaving - or rather waxing, considering his easily irritated skin - he'll have to keep it up for as long as he and John continue… any kind of physical relationship. And while that may not be a very long time, given their admittedly rather modest odds of success in this regard, Sherlock wonders if he would be able to keep it up, especially during periods of intense casework. Tending to one’s pubic hair while there’s a case on would be… unthinkable. And yet, he wouldn’t want John to be faced with stubble, the visible evidence of Sherlock being the kind of man that took to remove parts of his pubic hair.
John’s psychosomatic limp is slightly better than it was two days ago, but Sherlock can still hear it in the way he moves.
All around him, his fellow med students are dancing, talking and consuming far more ethanol than anyone who has studied a liver with cirrhosis should be able to stomach. Everyone, it seems, except John’s own date for the evening, who has just thrown a tantrum worthy of a four year old on a particularly bad sugar high in front of a dozen of John’s friends only to suddenly disappear towards to the main club downstairs, where John is now trying to locate the complete arse.
“No. I asked for sensible answers, remember? While I might be able to do a better job than you on deducing the first, the latter is something you'll have to tell me. And how will you do that?”
John doesn’t challenge Sherlock’s stubborn silence when he returns home from work that evening. Instead, he does what he usually does under such circumstances - avoids any room Sherlock is presently occupying. It’s yet another pattern; John’s ability to adapt in order to handle what he sometimes calls Sherlock’s ‘viler sulks’.
“I guess not,” John says, and Sherlock momentarily forgets his hands, forgets the pressure, because this could mean he's going to get new information. Something to add to the pattern that is John.
As he gets up from the tub, wrapping himself in a towel, Sherlock looks at himself in the foggy mirror as he proceeds to shave, put on lotion and fix his hair.
Putting his phone aside, Sherlock decided that it must be the alcohol. John is probably drinking; he always turns off the autocorrect when he drinks, thinking that it’s the autocorrect's fault when his messages don’t turn out the way he intended. No capital letters; John's drunk. He'll be less sentimental when the alcohol leaves his blood.
John swallows. His cock stirs, reacting to the image presented, and John wants Sherlock just like that. Wants him held down and-- but right now, Sherlock is standing in front of him and John hasn’t got the first idea about what there is in Sherlock’s room that could be used to tie Sherlock up or how he'd even manage to get them into Sherlock’s room. And perhaps he needs this to happen here after all, in their kitchen with the light flooding in through the thin curtains and nothing to obscure.
It's both a physical act and a token, and Sherlock finds himself wishing that his brain wasn't so occupied with the token aspect of it. This is kissing, and it could have been one of the things that absorbed his whole mind, drowned out the constant noise, but it isn’t, because Sherlock’s mind is too preoccupied mimicking the John’s level of pressure, controlling his breathing and trying to determine what comes next. And perhaps that’s at least something new.
It seems like the partial silence of the past two days have only been temporarily broken, because John nods again and then sits down in his chair, grabbing his laptop.
John’s mind is a bit affected by the alcohol, but he has lived with Sherlock long enough to be able to follow most patterns laid out in front of him no matter what state his brain is in.
“Are we done?” Sherlock asks, suddenly impatient, glancing down at John where he sits with his hands wrapped around his empty coffee cup.
Spinning around, Sherlock leaves for his bedroom. There are things to send inquiries about, and there’s new information to consider.
He’s filthy, used, sore, sticky with semen and sweat and saliva and lube and though he doesn’t feel alright, he wouldn’t want it any other way. It’s simply a version of himself that has transitioned from a detailed but diaphanous vision into something that’s unfiltered, palpable and tastes almost bitterly of harsh realism. It has outlines, consequences and it’s not just taking place inside his head.
11.46 pm. John's standing in the doorway to the kitchen, the warm light from the lamp in the sitting room surrounding his rumpled figure. Pyjama bottoms and jumper, his hair only half-heartedly flattened, seemingly by two hands and a bit of water. A compromise between relaxed and guarded.
It’s difficult, to say the least, to think straight when your entire mind is focused on swallowing down a cock for the second time in your life, yet part of John’s brain still insists that he turns at least a fraction of his hazy attention to this one thing; for all his sexual experience and for all his medical training (not to mention some of the things he's seen at his work as a doctor), John is yet to bring up the discussion about condoms.
, and a limbo - a place in-between - is not somewhere he’s ever been comfortable. Not knowing, not deciding, is like pins and needles on the inside of his forearms, an almost physical manifestation of uncertainty.
But he'd been right - there had been others. On his screen, he could read about a woman in Brighton who had left for a week alone in Budapest, and never returned. The police had discovered that she hadn't even boarded her flight. But what had struck him was a comment from the woman's friend - that he'd been greatly surprised to see her Facebook update about leaving for Budapest, since she had been known to object to the current political situation in Hungary and would, according to the friend, never have supported the country by going there on vacation.
(It looks more like John's face when he's pulling the safety on his gun or when he's following Sherlock somewhere he knows they can’t escape from without some level of collateral damage, like--)
“Right…” John's voice get that mix of amazement and frustration that it only ever gets when talking to, or about, Sherlock. “So you're--”
Imagining what they must look like from the outside: like an old, affectionate couple (no, worse; like Sherlock's own parents), Sherlock fights the urge to cringe beneath John's hand.
“It is a chemical imbalance, but… as someone pointed out to me: it’s a socially acceptable one, one that doesn't necessarily cause clinically significant suffering.”
After I posted the previous chapter of this story about silver birds, I actually got on a silver bird myself to go visit Penny, who I, incidentally, got to know because of this very story.
“Or this one. Asking what the kebabs are actually made of at some kebab stand in Camden market. She suspects it’s dove meat.”
Sherlock doesn't move, doesn't acknowledge the touch with more than the sudden stillness of his body. Because he'd just decided that John wouldn't miss the blue little pills if a few more disappeared for a while. Then he'd find someone to sell him new to replace those he'd taken from John's pill bottle. It's easier not to jump out of your own skin when you know that there's something that can dull the tingling of being in a constant limbo.
“John said that the nurse who’d called him on his adrenaline addiction looked like she was fourteen, which is clearly inaccurate. I’d say your appearance indicates that you’re at least 18 years old, even if your social interactions would indicate a younger age. However, none of those estimations are of any importance, since it’s easy to settle your real age to twenty-five.”
A few minutes ago, there came the muted sound of a text alert from the pile of clothes on the floor next to the bed. It registered in Sherlock's mind, but at that moment he'd been otherwise occupied and chose to leave things be for the time being. Now, as the chemical rush after orgasm is slowly dissolving - the reuptake of the neurotransmitters that were released into his bloodstream efficiently clearing away any residue haze - Sherlock recalls the sound once more.
John snorts, but it's a far cry from his usual bickering face, his shoulders tense and the past few days of increased psychosomatic pain taking its toll.
The darkness of his bedroom enfolds Sherlock as he closes the door behind him. The smells are all familiar and the sound of London’s constant traffic noise keeps the room from being too quiet. When there’s too little sound Sherlock’s mind will interpret everything he picks up as something that has a meaning. However very few things in this world do have a meaning.
With that in mind, Sherlock returns most of his attention to his observations of the different tissues, gradually managing to pay less and less attention to the fingers that are now almost massaging his nape and shoulders with just a bit more pressure than before.
“If you’re so concerned over my mental facilities you could always drop by with some more pills. I promise I won’t tell Mummy about it.”
With a sense of surrealism, he pays the driver as the cab pulls over to Barts and begins walking towards the morgue without waiting for the other two, just to escape the pressing silence for just a few seconds.
There’s no time to navigate them into another room or for figuring out practicalities. It's too urgent, all at once.
Sherlock slumps down until he’s sitting on the floor, his hand sticky with come and his eyes still shut. John lets go of him, letting him slip down further to the floor. And John wants to leave, wants to wipe himself off and to get his trousers back up and to just be alone for a few minutes, but before he’s even begun to turn around, he finds himself stopping. Instead of walking away from the mess he’s left on Sherlock, he finds himself leaning in, tasting it.
He rests against the wall in the sliding doors between the morgue and the corridor outside, breathing heavily, his hands clenched into fists. The impulse to smash his fist into the white wall behind him is almost maddening. He won’t, however, because that's not who he is. Not anymore. Instead, he tries desperately to hate Sherlock a bit more.
When it comes to Selma, I'd say that her compensation is perhaps more visible to others than John's is. In her case, it comes down to managing what she - and a majority of those around her - percieves as a 'disability'. As mentioned in the notes to 'Impulse control', she's more than aware that her behaviour in general makes people think of her as less than professional, but even when she's on her meds, she cannot fully compensate for this. Working really hard to achieve great skill in her profession gives her a certain leeway, something that she has learnt to work with. She practises her skills, takes on the most difficult patients and she is in fact natural when it comes to the social interactions with patients - a not uncommon phenomenon amongst people who are in generally not naturals when it comes to social interactions that fits into the norm but has found a professional role in which they feel comfortable, stimulated and see a purpose and a pattern to the social interactions.
The criminal network had been searching for Lot, and Sophia’s loved ones were pawns to be used against her to make her tell them where Lot could be found. They had done this time and again, after working out who had helped their original target to escape and assume a new identity. Two of Sophia’s colleagues had already been forced to give up information or have their loved ones pay the price. Sophia, along with a few other activists, had chosen to disappear instead. She had given up everything for the sake of a near-stranger who she had once decided to help without knowing what that would cost.
(He doesn’t even consider it a risk anymore, and that’s the problem, isn’t it? Because it can hardly be considered to be a ‘risk’ if there’s nothing to lose.)
His eyes closed, Sherlock can still sense the lingering traces of deep red and the tangelo orange gradually shift into deeper purples and greens. The movement of John’s hand in Sherlock’s hair gradually slows, his breathing becoming more shallow and even.
“On the other hand, I think tonight has shown that none of us has fully efficient inhibitions, so let’s indulge. I’ll have another regular Russian, if it’s okay?”
To start with - approximately the first few weeks according to research - the elimination of the problem could be having a few unfortunate side-effects in form of increased severity of the original problems, but it is nothing that he won’t be able to handle. He’s seen his best friend covered in semtex and for a second thought him to be a master criminal, and he survived his first year at senior school. Compared to those two things, this would be a child’s game.
John’s voice is obscured by Sherlock’s skin as John’s lips are just an inch away from the tendons of his neck. John's breath is hot against his skin, but the skin is damp with saliva and the warmth is soon replaced by the slight chill of evaporation.
Then there's the squeak of John’s ergonomic brown shoes against the kitchen floor as he takes another step back, nodding towards Sherlock.
Sherlock shivers at the loss of John’s body on top of his, cold air filling the space where John had just been, but John gets to his feet next to him, and Sherlock scrambles to get his t-shirt and pyjama bottoms off without leaving the sofa, watching John getting his own clothes off as well.
He swivels around to start pacing in the opposite direction, watching John from the corner of his eye.
People think he doesn't consider the consequences of his actions, but they have no idea just how capable he is of biting back his impulses when failing to do so is simply inefficient.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he can hear the lyrics to a song he heard hundreds of times in rehab, as the girl in the room next to him kept playing the same CD on repeat all day every day.
John looks at him as if trying to solve Sherlock like a particularly tricky and somewhat infuriating crossword.
The purple is accompanied by a deep blue, and Sherlock sees a flash of wariness in John's eyes before he let his shoulders down a bit, considering.
Slowly getting himself off the bed, Sherlock doesn’t sense any patterns and doesn’t feel any pressure except the kind that comes from too many benzodiazepines on top of too little sleep and a total lack of tricyclic antidepressants. It's relief. Relief that comes with side-effects.
The most important of the two is a retest of his observations of pair bonding during physical proximity.
Sherlock’s eyes remains shut, closing out the light that surrounds them, and as he becomes more and more aware, it’s mostly tactile sensations that registers.
In addition to the slight improvement of his mental state, there’s also a plan. The plan is simple; damage control and the resumption of previous functional patterns. Resumption ought to be easy; there'll surely be cases to be solved, ones that don't require him to leave to the flat. Damage control is harder, because Sherlock doesn't trust himself to estimate the extent of the damage.
Right now his cognitive performance is too inconsistent for anything that requires more than a few hours’ work, and while Sherlock’s mind might be superior to almost every other mind even when afflicted by the cacophony of mental clutter that is his particular brand of obsessive-compulsive disorder, being ‘superior’ is not always enough. Not when getting things right as quickly as possible might be a matter of life or death.
He does, however, undeniably possess one of the protective factors the textbook mentioned: problem-solving ability. Sherlock is nothing if not both capable and determined to solve each and every problem he finds interesting enough.
“Don’t apologize to me, I’m sure it was more uncomfortable to John,” Sherlock says absently, inspecting the soles of the victim's feet.
Wanting John closer, but not wanting to tip the power balance, Sherlock’s hands simply stroke John’s back without any leading pressure. It’s a frail balance. Too little response and John might find him impassive. Too much of his own initiative and John might think he wants this to be some sort of mutual taking and giving. Sherlock wants no such thing. He wants invasion and he doesn’t want to give anything that John isn’t willing to take from him.
Sherlock knows that wanting something not to matter is not the same thing as that something being truly and utterly inconsequential to you.
(It’s been worth it, but for reasons very different from than those initially anticipated. Accidental, positive findings.)
And now John wants to lick into Sherlock's mouth after having instructed his lover each step of the way, directing him through his very first time performing cunilingus. He imagines her; sated, slumped back in the chair, idly watching John taste her on Sherlock's lips, giving him something - rewarding him - for being such a quick study, for being willing to work so hard simply to--
It takes longer than it ought to, but after an hour and a half on his laptop, Sherlock has found the structure -
As he starts rummaging frantically through his bag for a clean shirt and wondering if there’s a point in taking a shower beforehand (
Helena would have said, and Sherlock wants to get his phone out and tell her how off-target that is, how much it is about him actually not being human enough to handle such inane things as sentiment and expectations of his behavior.
For a moment Sherlock feels an impulse and considers acting on it, eliminating the distance he’s so determinately created and maybe, that would be the Right thing - or more of a Right thing than this - and just--
John looks almost as taken aback as Sherlock feels in that second, but then John averts his eyes, returning only as Sherlock's words break the stunned silence.
Opening his laptop once he’s returned safely to his room, Sherlock sees a notification about a message from Beta.
When it comes to his other hypothesis, the one he initially set out to test with this little session, he finds that the results are not quite comparable to the data he has from his encounter with John. Having one's hair pulled while in close physical proximity to another person, being watched, being… degraded, is quite another thing than applying various clamps to different sensitive areas of one's skin, after all.
“If we're talking about a first-time occurrence," he elaborates. “An attempted murder. A war. How predictable would you say that the reaction would be on an individual level?”
A few minutes is all it takes. A purchase, then the arranging of the substance before carefully inhaling it. The relief is nearly instant. A few minutes in a gritty bathroom, and suddenly the party surrounding him doesn’t make him want to cover his ears or claw his skin off or simply tell them all how completely and utterly pointless it really is. A few minutes and a dose of absurdly overpriced cocaine make things bearable the way nothing else has ever managed to do.
- and now a text message to Helena Martell, but he’s finally made up his mind regarding the fact that waiting for an impending terror is often worse than living through the actual terror - at least then you have nothing more to fear. One thing less to haunt you. One thing more that you've already butchered. Either way, living it isn't as bad as fearing it. John knows this too. Unfortunately, John’s subconscious is stuck in a place where the worst still hasn't happened. In his sleep, John is forever trapped in all the different moments that occurred just before disasters struck.
“Good, let’s hope they come back soon. We need to have a chat with them,” Sherlock replies absently, pocketing the flash drive and moving on to the fourth and final drawer.
So that was the point of this particular positioning then. To keep Sherlock from deducing too much. A realisation that of course only makes Sherlock even more curious about what he'd find in John's face if he were to just--
“Right, right, I’m coming,” John says, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand after one last sip of his beer.
He needs not to think like that. Needs to know what will stop it. Needs to think about anything but--
Laura, who's sitting on John’s leftt side, gives him that look of respect that he’s grown used to the last two weeks. She's the youngest of the doctors on staff and has been following John for a few shifts the past weeks. Her habit of telling him exactly how impressed she is by his precision and speed after each patient he’s treated showed no signs of declining after the first shift and her praises often leave John both delighted and a bit unsure as to how he should answer. John finds himself wondering if that's how Sherlock feels every time John can’t contain his ‘amazing’ after Sherlock's deductions.
He can’t bring himself to throw the little bag away, but when he falls asleep it’s still lying unopened among empty blister packs and half-full pill bottles in the side compartment of his bag.
He’s about to close the bathroom cabinet after having retrieved his toothpaste when the box of Clomipramine on the second shelf catches his eye.
John's words interrupts the line of his thoughts, and Sherlock has to retrace the last part of their conversation before he's certain of exactly what John is referring to.
“Oh, how clever of you,” Selma says, now with a tone in her voice that makes John worry. “Since we’re on the subject of things that people object to having pointed out, have you mentioned to John that the reason that you were in such a hurry to leave the pub was because you were panicking over the whole thing; the conversations, the noise, all the people that John knows that you don’t, and the fear that you might say something wrong in front of them? You don’t like to come off as insecure, but you are, aren’t you? Don’t worry, we all are.”
“Does what happened to her influence the case? Could it have been purposely done to push her to, well, ‘change her outlook on life’?”
Sherlock’s hands are still trapped as John manages to turn him around and back him onto the bed, before finally allowing him to untangle from the shirt.
His voice holds none of the steadiness such a statement ought to, instead it holds the conflict he feels as he utter the words.
When John returns from lunch with a coworker later that day, Sherlock’s in the middle of trying to fix Mrs Hudson’s cordless. In front of him on the kitchen table, pieces of the phone as well as various tools are laid out in what might seem to be a random mess, but which very much isn’t. There’s an order and a reason for everything Sherlock does, it’s just that not everyone is clever enough to figure that out.
This morning, Sherlock wanted the familiarity of his regular, fitted clothes, and given the fact that John really isn't doing anything to make their relationship less threatening to his own sexuality, there is really no point in Sherlock going out of his way to do so either.
it. As tension, or some other abstract manifestation of something that is so visible and clear to Sherlock.
With a sigh, less dramatic than usual - there’s no one there to see it, anyway - he gets up with his laptop and positions himself at his desk.
(Needing things to be balanced out, needing the imperfect symmetry of their relationship to add up to--)
He looks tired, and very much not like a man who's just about to throw himself into any kind of power play.
Based on the time of day - 7 pm - John will hopefully be out for several more hours. He rarely does errands in the evening, so it must be something social. And while Sherlock does not care about himself being a bit smelly he does care about the feeling of mites crawling into his skin due to all the old skin cells and dried sweat, and therefore a shower is necessary. Meeting John with mites all over himself is not something that would help if Sherlock decides to pretend that nothing's the matter except for one of his usual black moods -
. Sherlock tries to mentally distance himself from the thoughts of John’s coloration; they are distracting and Sherlock doesn’t need more impairments in his executive functions than those he just has discovered.
“I said,” Sherlock hisses, putting emphasis on each word as he spits them out, “‘make it interesting’.”
It goes on for minutes, or so Sherlock thinks, because he has never been able to tell time without visual measures, and it isn't until the microscope is being pushed aside by John that Sherlock becomes aware of what's happening.
“No, I sold them on the streets for milk money,” he snarls, then bites his lip. “Of course I took them!”
And when John comes, it’s with the bitter taste of come already on his tongue, and it feels almost like tasting his own orgasm as he thrusts into his own hand one final time before slumping down, leaning with a hand against the floor.
Sherlock only gives the loud, jovial man a raised eyebrow before making his way to John. John feels himself tense up as Sherlock approaches. Sherlock wouldn’t…
. He must have been given a ride home, because John would never go on the Tube with dried sweat and mud all over him. He isn’t vain, but he considers it rude. Sherlock does, obviously, not care if whatever he might be covered in offends anyone else.
“So, can we leave now?” Sherlock snaps, finally losing his patience. John is only surprised that he’s held back the snappishness and the deductions for so long.
He doesn’t get an immediate answer, and while he’s packed what he thought was enough pills in his bag, he’s already taken too many, but he needs to sleep, needs desperately to sleep so that he will not think, and right now he doesn’t care about the consequences of any action that cannot even theoretically hurt anyone but himself and so he grabs his coat and leaves all the mirrors behind to find something that will stop him from reflecting.
There’s a silence before John answers, sounding a bit more sober now, his voice more careful as he speaks.
He offers the DI a polite smile, handing him the pipe before wiping his hands against his coat to rid them of any dirt.
It’d been awhile since he last engaged in this particular activity without orgasm being part of the end goal. The combination of these two sensations - pain and sexual pleasure - is far more potent than each sensation is on its own.
His own finger is absently pressing against his own lips, and it's an absurd gesture, because his lips won't feel any different after kissing. (Sherlock knows, because he made the same gesture after their first… kiss.).
This dissonance between the expected outcome and the actual outcome is yet another broken pattern, further increasing the tension behind Sherlock’s sternum. If he doesn’t act straight away, the pressure could send his already frazzled mind into a paralysing spiral of unwanted thoughts and physical reactions, efficiently preventing him from doing what he’s set out to do.
It's afternoon and they've spent six hours not talking about it. Six hours of catching up on the latest research in biochemistry, showering, trying a new piece on his violin and trying not to think about what John said about “a bit of rough”.
John’s jacket wasn't on it's usual hook and his shoes weren't placed as neatly on the low shelf as they usually were. His earlier deduction on John’s blood-alcohol level was proven correct, Sherlock noted. The hallway was dim; the 3 am light from the city outside was not quite reaching the stairs to the flat. It’s too quiet and Sherlock could feel the noise of his own thoughts as the stairs cracked and creaked beneath him. He should have stayed longer at Bart’s, doing some additional tests or just poking about some tissue or organ that no one would miss. He isn’t tired enough to sleep at this point and being awake and inside the flat, surrounded by all traces of John, isn’t ideal. Even if he would be able to disregard the disturbingly ambiguous text he still wouldn’t be at ease. It does feels better this way; having finally broken the tension of waiting for the inevitable, but it doesn’t feel restful. Inside him, something’s hollow, and it's not the clear, freeing kind of hollow where the noise of his thoughts is silenced and he can focus. It’s the unusual kind of hollow that feels more like being empty and in need of being filled once again. Filled and sated with something that will make it possible to focus, to go on and not just being… empty. It’s like a surge, and the feeling of it brings up sense memories that should be kept at distance during his down times.
(At the age of ten, Sherlock found this phenomenon fascinating. Twenty-two years later, he finds it…
(The colors from the fire are so close to the colors that John radiates that for a minute, Sherlock almost believes that his wires have been uncrossed, and it’s a beautiful thought.)
“Oh, you secretive man,” Matthew says with a laugh. “Any other exciting secrets we ought to know about?”
Sherlock gets up from his chair and John follows, who is most likely eager to get out of the overly warm little diner and get on with the chase.
His ability to estimate time has deteriorated at the same pace as the rest of his cognitive functions. He’s doing this to increase his intellectual capacity but so far the result is the opposite. It’s to be expected, but it’s still hateful, because Sherlock does not know how much time has passed between Mycroft leaving the flat and John doing the same. An hour? Three? (Not
. Going through his thought patterns to neutralize every single horse and its rider Sherlock finds that it gets worse before it gets better.
“She is not boring, and she knows how to treat royalty,” he adds quickly, attempting to make John smile.
The light touch tickles his skin and it feels like mockery and it registers as a jolt, travelling through Sherlock’s entire body, the light touch making his entire nervous system flare up and so Sherlock flinches, tossing his head away from the offensive touch.
John meets his eyes as Sherlock’s head is forced back so that he’s looking at John, and it shouldn’t be possible to look more naked than Sherlock had done mere minutes ago, but apparently it is.
John's voice is half amusement, half frustration. His colours, on the other hand, are both intense and deep. The blend is so familiar, yet has been so rare lately, and something about those colours being back makes Sherlock feel more like he’s solved a hundred-year-old mystery than like he’s broken into a rehab facility in order to talk to a possible witness in a rather opaque case.
“No,” Sherlock suddenly gasps, his eyes flying open as his hands seek purchase against the table, anything to--
His fingers sore from hours of playing the violin, Sherlock barely feel the keys beneath his fingertips as he types on his laptop.
(John can't quite imagine what it would be like if Sherlock were to ever do such a thing. While John's had more than his fair share of sexual encounters, he's seldom been with anyone so single-mindedly… ‘submissive’? Now that his own sense of guilt has been somewhat eased, John is starting to see that everything about Sherlock’s behaviour in sexual situations, apart from those very first uncoordinated and too hard kisses, have  been pretty blatant when it comes to this one thing. To imagine Sherlock being decisive and forceful when they're close-- no; John finds that he can't quite picture that.)
“To what degree would you say that a person's reaction to a traumatic or otherwise life-altering event can be predicted?”
“It’s not the game you fear - it’s being left out of it. You normally don’t mind me being miles ahead of you, because being well behind me is still being miles ahead of everyone else. But when someone else with a decent intellect and a modicum of imagination enters the board... then the importance of each piece in the game changes. The game is suddenly played with new rules, rules you have no access to. And you don’t like that, being reduced to playing the role of the spectator. You’re a man of action, and what you fear isn’t a dangerous game, no; it’s having to watch the game from the sideline. It makes you feel…
Sherlock opens his eyes as another hand touches the back of his neck. It begins as a light touch but turns into a steady grip where Sherlock’s nape and tendon is held between a thumb and four dry, calloused fingers that feel so illogically warm against his own skin.
) that's already had far too much influence over him, skewing his perceptions in an unacceptable way.
“It’s prescription medication!” Sherlock exclaims, another thing said without thinking. “I don’t even do depressants.”
“Is it also an oversimplification to say that you're a kinky shit who likes not knowing what I will do to you?”
With movements that are far too well-coordinated for someone who's voice sounds like he's only just woke up, Sherlock places a half empty coffee cup on the edge of the bathtub and quickly proceeds to pull his t-shirt off before leaning down to wash his face in the basin, bumping into John and forcing him to step aside in the process.
Sherlock wants a lot of things, but he knows better than to wish for them. If you want something, wishing is far less effective than just grabbing a hold of whatever it is you want.
It’s not unlike the rushes Sherlock’s experienced hundreds of times before, after a temporary pain has stopped and the excess pain-relieving neurotransmitters are yet to be reabsorbed. Experimenting with pain is hardly a new thing for him, but this is slightly more... intense. The vulnerability of it, the flush on his cheeks that can’t be blamed solely on the pain and the contrast between how John’s hands are touching him now - gentle, almost caressing, soothing - and the way they touched him just moments ago.
He’s reluctant to give the woman any credit, but whatever she may lack in bedside manner and personality, she makes up for in empirical knowledge and insight in her field. Their text conversation had lasted well into the morning, and Sherlock ended up reluctantly promising to at least consider visiting her research department in Seattle to let her perform a few extended interviews and some cognitive testing, so that she could use the data in a case study, since he was ‘so snitty about the state of psychiatric research’. In exchange, she’d also tell him more about her new… theory regarding the origin of his impaired mental state.
When Sherlock reenters the sitting room, the telly is turned off and John has positioned himself on the floor in front of the hearth, socks peeled off and feet out in front of him.
Sherlock retreats anyway, because John doesn’t have to voice any of the questions or doubts for Sherlock to feel their impact, heavy and suffocating.
, as he would think of it only in these situations, his vocabulary always shifting when he considers himself as a sexual being, as an object - fingertips running down the side of it, the other hand still pinching his left mammalia.
“In what way do you--” John begins impatiently, grimly, before breaking off, his eyes widening just a fraction. “Are you saying that that’s why you didn’t notice when those blokes-- Oh, shit.”
“Well, then there’s no hurry, is there?” John says, feeling the effect of his two beers; making him slow and rather unwilling to run off from the warm pub and into the clinically lit morgue to look at a corpse.
Sherlock shakes his head slightly at John's question, indicating that John isn't wrong about what he said. John wonders what it would take to make Sherlock actually say more than a few words when they're touching like this, but he figures that it's just one of those things that he'll have to find out in time, if he will be allowed to continue whatever this is.
