"Yeah, and if you tell Sammy about this, I'll wring your scrawny neck," Dean snapped, glaring at the omega until he grinned and nodded.
"And that's Kevin, who is too embarrassed about his eyes to speak to you."
"We have a . . . connection, if you will. It's best that I go in alone."
“It’s manipulative!”
his heat away. Every omega went through this stage, especially during their first heat, and Gadreel knew exactly what to say to help him.
Dean nodded gratefully and passed the reins over, cooing softly at the black stallion. "I'm sorry about all of this; he's not usually so skittish."
"But not too much yourself," Kevin added, using what tiny amount of fire breath he could summon to heat up some tea for his charge, adding the scent blocking herbs. "You're lucky no one saw your eyes this morning."
Cas stayed in a private little corner of his mind for much of the time after that. It was easier, not watching Dean interact with Lucifer whom he believed was Cas. After a time, he no longer felt that constant undercurrent of longing from the hunter, no longer noticed when Lucifer used his body to torture or kill, and no longer cared what happened as long as they had a chance to stop Amara. He could be a useful weapon as long as he stopped watching.
"It's strange to see an omega leading even one faction of a larger pack, isn't it?" It was uncanny how Dean had seemingly read his mind, but Cas wanted answers too much to bother asking how the alpha knew. "Yeah, it's even strange here, but Crowley has a powerful personality. Gadreel was a faction leader, too, but he's my height and size so he could overpower most betas and even some alphas. Don't let his size fool you, though; Crowley is
Dean shivered in the night air, cursing the mountains that were trying their best to keep the warmth of the fire from reaching his skin. He had scooted closer three times already, but he was not made for these altitudes. Claire plopped down beside him on his log and handed him a heavy cloak, waiting for him to wrap it around himself before offering him a bowl of food. "You don't get a lot of snow in your village, I'm guessing?"
“But, you died.”
"Better than I thought it would, to be honest. Mike was upset at first, but he calmed down. He's going to bring us to your cookout on Saturday so he can meet you."
Michael cast his eyes over the younger angel, watching as he struggled to roll off of his wing, his breathing ragged as he held onto consciousness with every fiber of his remaining grace. It was a fight he was losing. "I believe you. What are your conditions, Dean?"
Dean tucked his nose under Cas's chin again, wrapping his arms around the alpha's waist before beginning to purr. "I might be able to help you," he whispered. Cas chuckled and shook his head, clearly not believing the boy, but his eyes slowly closed and he drifted off. Smiling, Dean kissed Cas's neck and followed him into slumber.
Balthazar buried his face in Crowley's neck to avoid bursting into laughter at his sister's actions. She hated when anyone referred to her as a child or used her primary or secondary genders to discriminate against her in any way. Ash had his hands full with the girl. A few minutes later, when Anna said she was ready, the four of them queued up for another multiplayer game.
"Should be interesting to watch," Sam replied, tapping Gabriel's shoulder and nodding toward the dessert table. Grinning, the omega jumped to his feet and headed over, the alpha just a few steps behind. He needed to get his energy up in case they called for another game.
A pair of golden eyes watched him from the shadows, darkening sadly before disappearing.
. There was no point in being melancholy; this was his life now, and a slave had little need for personal effects.
“You’re not wrong.”
Dean nodded slowly, his gaze distant as he counted the months in his head. "You think he could be well enough by winter?"
Gabriel froze at the word, golden eyes wide as he caught Sam's gaze. "Boyfriend?"
"Well, they are. Not enough to be obvious, and nothing we can report to teachers, but enough that we catch their scent. It's bothering me, sometimes keeping me from concentrating in class, and I haven't even had my first heat yet. How do you think Gabe feels?"
Kevin tossed his cattail toward the lake, glaring at his charge. "Hey, don't look at me. I ain't biting no more butts."
“I know you will.” Dean stretched out on his mattress, reaching one hand through the bars to twine his fingers with Cas’s before closing his eyes so exhaustion could claim him. The angel smiled as he watched him slowly surrender to sleep, shivering as a flash of pain danced across the burned edge of his grace again. He had forgotten how long the aftereffects of Michael’s punishments could linger.
Castiel was admittedly intrigued. “Where can I find these parrots?”
"He has been here over a year," Cas mused, quickly running his fingers through his dark hair and heading for the door. "The only reason I waited to meet with the rest of you was your young age when you arrived, but he's over seventeen now. I suppose it would do both of us good to meet."
Sam smiled dreamily at the mental image. "They will be so beautiful. Can't you just imagine a little boy who looks like me, but with Gabe's golden eyes?"
“While riding a wolf? Sam, that doesn’t seem advisable.” Gadreel’s voice was still calm, but there was a deep worry in his golden eyes. “I’ve never heard of a wolf able to carry two riders, certainly not for any distance. None of us can carry even one.”
"The doctor will come back in an hour and check him; he'll discharge him as long as he thinks everything looks good."
"You've always been worthy of love, Dean. I saw your soul that day, I held you within my grace and pieced you back together. Our Father ordered the angels to love humanity, and when I saw you I finally understood that command. I loved you against Zachariah, Uriel, Anna, Michael, Raphael, Naomi, and Metatron. You have been my greatest mission, my most important charge, and my salvation. Dean, I am nothing without you. I need you."
Crowley took a half step away from the lean omega, one arm still loosely wrapped around his waist as he headed back to his throne. "Did you have time to eat anything this morning?"
Dean glanced over at his brother, raising one eyebrow and seeing his confusion mirrored in Sam's hazel eyes. This was not what they had been taught.
Gadreel rolled his eyes. "Alastair was always a problem. He had his first rut really young, and I think it fucked with his head. He and Dean have clashed a lot over the years. I don't understand why he was bothering you, though; Dean said you were unpresented."
"Three: Dan, Alice, and Kelly. Dan's with Glenn this winter, learning the trade, and the girls are staying with one of my cousins in the city while I'm in here. I had planned to try for a fourth this spring, but Glenn got stuck in the main city longer than expected. I'll ask him at the end of the summer, I suppose, though I hate to be pregnant during the winter."
Sam grinned and slipped his arm around Gabriel's shoulder, leading the archangel to the table and offering him a beer, taking one for himself before he answered. "That would be your brother losing control of his Voice."
Kevin, his face twisted into a mask of determination, reached for the incense holder he used as a gong, a mallet appearing in his other hand. "One family reunion coming right up." Walking closer to the name stones, he began to bang on the gong, calling out encouragement for the spirits to wake. "Okay, people, let's look alive! Let's go, come on, get up! Let's move it; rise and shine!" He dropped his mallet as the other name stones in the room began to glow, each one releasing a translucent, glowing mist that coalesced into a man or woman who had been part of the Winchester family.
John's blue eyes widened in shock, nodding slowly at the omega teen. "You read his book? I didn't know it was taught in schools outside of Kansas. Dean says you're from Illinois."
against Crowley's neck, smiling contentedly as the first hint of omega space tugged at him. He knew that he couldn't give in, not in the middle of the woods with his two friends in heat, but he desperately wanted to. "I haven't tried it yet," he admitted. "Kevin and Alfie were locked in their rooms and I didn't want to leave Mshindi alone. I was going to pull it out tonight, though."
The alpha, already used to the shy, polite way his trainee spoke when he had something on his mind, rested a hand on Cas's shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze. "What's bothering you?"
pup. I don't want anyone to think that I'm not worthy enough to be part of the Imperial Family."
"Yes, but their training doesn't start until tomorrow, so you get to be my pup for one more day." Castiel reached out to cup the girl's cheek in his hand, smiling softly as she surrendered to the gentle caress. "I didn't want you to come at all, so you can give me this one day."
"I know. I wish I didn't," she admitted. "But I keep seeing these tiny little images, and I'm trying to work through them as they come. I saw two other flashes the night Rowena told me that I had been chosen as the next speaker, and this is probably the most disturbing one yet."
Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows and ran his hands down Sam's flannel-clad arms. "Maybe we'll get some ideas, eh Samsquatch?" He felt the hunter stiffen under him, and he tilted his head as he lowered himself deeper into Sam's lap. "I want a kiss."
"So we won't be staying in the city when we return home. We'll have to go find this prophet."
Dean nodded, pulling Cas onto the blanket beside him as he leaned back against the largest picnic basket. "It was almost blinding, all that sand, but I felt almost a pull. I felt like . . ."
"My height is perfectly fine," Gabe retorted, leaning into Sam's casual caress. "It
The omegas slowed down somewhat, and Sam decided that it was time to tell Dean what he had learned about them. He stripped down to his wolf fur shorts and piled his clothes neatly beside Gabriel, smiling at the blonde. “Jo, Benny; guard the omegas while Dean and I do a quick patrol. First watch starts when we return.” The mahogany and brown wolves were gone a moment later, vanishing into the shadows of the trees.
He entered the large, well-lit exposition center lobby, moving to stand in queue with the dozen or so humans ahead of him. Dean and Sam had taught him that people usually had to stand in lines before entering fun places and that he was not allowed to “cut” in front of them. When he reached the front of the line, a bright little woman with short blonde hair asked him how he would like to pay. Having learned from his past solo trips and his time as a human, he was very bad at remembering to carry cash and often counted it incorrectly, so Dean had given him one of the credit cards he had obtained through less-than-legal means. He handed the dark blue card to the blonde woman who swiped it and handed him a little yellow ticket. Following the other people, Castiel entered through the double doors to his left, handing over his ticket and receiving a bird-shaped stamp on the back of his hand in return.
"Chief Henriksen, so good to see you!"
"No, I mean I was curious if you were thinking about me while you were milking your knot."
Gabriel leaned over and nuzzled Sam's neck, purring gently before trotting back into the center of the clearing where his brothers had stretched out for a rest break.
The alpha's eyes flashed red as a familiar scent of honeysuckle and clover reached him, seeping past the blockers soaked into the wood of his door. That sweet, innocent scent wrapped around him like a blanket, alternately calming him and forcing his alpha to roar to life with need. "Cas."
"Winchester." Crowley practically hissed the name, tapping on his board with his brush before making a mark by Dean's name. The omega stood slowly, careful not to wrinkle or tear his expensive clothes, and silently followed the Matchmaker into his hut, never letting his eyes rise above Crowley's knees. This man held an official position that ranked him among the alphas of the village, even though he was himself unmated, so looking him in the eye would be incredibly disrespectful.
They spent the rest of the day practicing with all of the prop weapons they had made, switching to real swords in the afternoon in much more carefully-controlled drills. Despite Sam's words, Dean and Cas did end up on opposite teams during the last fight of the morning. Dean and Sam took on Jo, Benny, and all three omegas, and the fight still ended with everyone "dead" and Dean and Cas in a stalemate. Sam shook his head at the outcome, leading the group back to the fire for lunch before starting the live weapon practice. If nothing else, they were all exhausted by the end of the day.
Dean pulled back again, nodding, and Cas flapped his wings harder, hitting a thermal and rising further above the trees. Dean could still see their pack members on the ground, but they were too small for details, and soon they would vanish into the trees. Thankfully, Tasha had cast a spell over the city to prevent anyone from seeing the flying wolves, just in case they did get close enough to elicit attention, but neither Cas nor Dean wanted to test that theory.
The witch nodded at the three omega brothers. "It's their burden, if they wish to share it. I can explain the history and the import of their situation, but only they can agree to trust your pack with this secret."
"You're falling in love with him." Maggie's matter-of-fact statement was followed by a brief flare of shock in Sam's sandalwood scent, but she merely shrugged in response. "I can see it here, in this one picture, and in the way you interact with him. You have the slightest bit of a crush on our newest member."
“Yeah, I got a flash of something. It’s south of here, and it looks like a cell of some kind. I got an impression of cement floors, metal bunks holding dilapidated mattresses, and steel bars. It’s cold, very cold, and I think that Cassie is unconscious. His voice isn’t in the call, and the words were in English, not Enochian. That’s the only reason they broke through; no one expected a human to be able to transmit.”
"Sorry to interrupt, Crowley, but I knew that you would just be going over the supplicants for tomorrow. I have someone I would like you to meet, privately, when you have the chance."
Lucifer nodded as he stared out the window, admiring the landscaping that he hadn't had time to notice when they dropped their younger siblings off. "The restaurant is willing to hire both of us, work around our school schedule, and it pays enough for us to get that apartment off campus we were looking at."
The omega smiled and stepped forward, burying his nose in the alpha's neck and inhaling his familiar scent. "How was your meeting?"
Dean felt a prickle of warning from his wolf, but he pushed it down and took a steadying breath. "Who, Sammy?"
"Hey, man, I'm sorry." Dean stopped beside Cas in the hallway, his presence keeping the other students at bay and giving them some small amount of privacy. He reached out his hand, as if to brush the sudden tears from Cas's cheek, but he clearly thought better of it and pulled it back. "I didn't mean to upset you."
Meg shrugged. "Her new mate seems fine with her. He's noble and thankfully lives very far away from here."
Dean nodded and closed his eyes. "Alright, Kev. Thanks."
Dean was somewhat taller that Castiel, but the alpha was broader, with more strength through his shoulders and thighs from a lifetime of being allowed to be an alpha. Dean, with his omega constraints, was lean and lithe, but he certainly didn't have any strength to bring to bear against the other man. Still, it was a very fair fight, as Dean dodged the thrust of Castiel's sword and parried a few careful, probing attacks. This was the one event that the young recruit might excel at, as John had been teaching Sam sword drills for years and Dean would watch and do them, in secret, over and over again until he had them perfect. John didn't know that his omega son had carried this same sword to their garden and danced through the lessons that Sam ignored, hoping against hope that one day he would be allowed to fight like an alpha. Well, here was his chance.
Gabriel grinned, raising his hand and resting it on Sam’s cheek. “Yes, even an archangel can be chosen. You prayed to me, Sam, for years. You asked me to come back, to protect you, and I accepted. Just as Castiel accepted his fate when he sided with your brother against Michael.”
As soon as the three omegas were dressed, Crowley led them out of the bedroom, smiling at Linda who was already awake and eating breakfast. "The boys have weapons practice this afternoon, Linda; Ruby and Meg will be joining them."
"Fine. What the hell is going on?"
Gadreel's shock filled the room, Benny grabbing Dean's arm and jerking him deeper into the room and shoving him against a pile of grain bags. "How did you know?!"
to protect his omega. "You're a good match for him, Balthy." He stiffened as a vision flashed through his mind, the colors too vivid and the scents overwhelming. The omega whined and closed his white eyes, taking a breath as Mshindi placed a comforting hand on his back.
"Mshindi. I'll see you in the morning, Crowley."
"This is Caesar's palace; we have priority on silphium shipments," Benny pointed out. "I will see if we can find a better merchant to deliver it if the current one has raised his prices. Where is Gadreel? He normally handles the spice shipments."
Cas jerked and tightened his grip on Dean, his eyes filling with terror as he stared into the other cell. Dean held him tighter, knowing that Michael had appeared but unwilling to lose contact with his angel. "Go away, Michael," Dean growled, nuzzling Cas's neck.
Castiel touched one finger to the bird’s head and watched in wonder as she fluffed her feathers up even more, leaning into the finger as the angel began to caress her. Castiel’s smallest wing feathers were soft, but nothing in comparison to the tiny creature sitting on his finger. She leaned her head down and began to nibble on the edge of his sleeve, making a gruff
Sam reached out to grab Cas’s arm at that word,
“I do have some knowledge of what his poison did to the omegas. I heard that one of them became deathly afraid of open spaces, never able to leave the safety of her room again. One of them went blind and deaf, which even Asmodeus considered to be an extreme reaction to the poison. Another would get vertigo just from standing up, and another completely lost his ability to shift forms. The last one that I know of lost the ability to speak. His vocal cords weren’t damaged, but his mind could no longer translate his thoughts into coherent words, in any form. None of them lasted long enough to even bear Asmodeus one pup.”
Rowena shook her head. "No, that wee lass died almost five hundred years ago. Another one has not been called yet. Unfortunately, all I'm seeing is an echo of what I used to channel, so I can't clarify the image. All I know is that one lives in Wilderness lands and is the offspring of a powerful Celestial from one of the splinter packs. The second two currently live in Spellbound lands, though both have to be at least half Celestial in order to have inherited their wings. I don't have any way to know if I have ever met them, though it's possible that I have. They're both young, but they will come into their power soon. I'm reasonably certain that all three of them are omegas, but I can't make out their genders or faces. I do know that you'll need all three of them to complete your quest."
The boy had a point; Cas did still trust him, and he knew that Dean wouldn't have risked coming to the Imperial City unless something had happened on that mountain. Maybe he was right, maybe the Huns really were here, but Cas had seen the avalanche. Certainly nothing had survived that. He forced his face into a mask of indifference and rode around Dean's horse, refusing to meet his eyes again as he returned to the parade.
"Omega studies? There aren't a lot of alphas in that class."
me. No one except you has ever been able to do that, but he overpowered me the first time we faced off in an actual fight. I couldn't beat him; the best I could manage was a draw. You're bigger than me, and I can still take you down most of the time, but Cas is . . . we're evenly matched. It's what I've always wanted in a mate, but Dad would flip his shit if I told him. He is not going to want me with an omega who can physically dominate me, even if it's only half the time."
The omega turned at the call, grinning at Balthazar as the beta jogged over to him. "There you are. Have you seen Gabe?"
"Hey, Cas, it's alright," Dean soothed, turning his back on Benny to calm the younger omega. He understood, as the Head Alpha of such a diverse pack, what Cas was thinking. "We're in the same pack, pretty much. We aren't going to fight, okay?"
"Three alpha students that I've had issues with before chased Cas and Gabe to campus and one of them threw a rock at Cas. He got hit pretty bad; the ambulance just left."
"K, let me see your phone so I can text her our answer."
Balthazar thought smugly. "You would do that, Balthy?"
"I told him that it was better that I didn't know where he went," Dean added, "in case an angel asked me."
"I'm fine," she whispered, her accent stronger than ever. "My prophet . . . the bond broke this morning. It feels like I've lost a limb that I never noticed having. It's going to take me time to adjust to this absence."
“Ok, here look. There’s a coupon from the company that sells the cages. They sell food, too, as well as treats like dried fruit and nuts. That guy who sells toys, he makes them all himself, and I know he’s running a special today where you get a free toy for every two that you buy. All three of these birds take the same type of cage, basically, and you want to find one with a spring-based latch to make it harder for them to escape. If you tell me which bird you want, I’ll get you a booklet that outlines the supplies you need to buy today to get you started.”
Claire shrugged. "We have a family matchmaker in the palace, and she's offered to help Dad out, but he seems to think that our Ancestors will bring the right omega when it's time. Until that happens, he's going to serve in the army and push the Huns back from our wall. She offered to start looking for me as soon as we return, but I don't think I'm old enough."
Gabe's eyes lit up at the thought of cuddling with his boyfriend, so he was willing to endure the early alarm if it meant he could spend the night with his alpha. "Alright, I guess I could handle an early morning if I have a Sam-shaped pillow tonight. And maybe we'll catch some fish and have a good lunch tomorrow."
"That's at least three days' run away," Maggie mused. "She won't be back in time."
Tasha nodded, having been filled in on the rising prophet situation, but Charlie snorted and leaned on the table. "Two of them already have," she argued. "Gabriel when we first arrived and Balthazar today. Who will be next? Which omega are we going to have to put back together tomorrow? Rowena, they won't survive."
"I'm not sure, exactly. I got Dean to read through all of Chuck's recently-published books and then pointed him toward some pretty tame fanfics. Destiel, of course. I'll have to check his browsing history and see if he found something more interesting."
The other recruits filtered over to Dean in small clusters, patting him on the back or offering him a quick hug before dashing off to the main training field, collecting their armor as they went. Dean, his heart lighter than it had been in weeks, gathered his armor and began walking back to his tent, knowing that he had enough time to put it away before meeting the others on the field. Kevin and Cri-Kee jumped onto his shoulder as he walked past the tree, hiding in the back of his shirt in case he passed any other soldiers. "He said 'not bad'," Dean murmured. "That's the most praise I've ever gotten from him."
"Way ahead of you, brother. Come on, Cri-Kee." Kevin grabbed the cricket in one paw as he jumped on a dark purple butterfly kite floating nearby, guiding the wings to force it to fly toward the fireworks pavilion and the veritable trove of weapons sitting there. Gunpowder was used for two things in China, cannons and fireworks, and both were equally deadly.
The King of Hell grinned, resting his hand on a long box nearby that contained the collar he had asked Sam to fetch for him. “The last time we met, you forced Castiel to kill me, and I must admit that I am fonder of that angel than I am of you. I felt that a little persuasion might be required in this case. Besides, I sent the Archangel Gabriel after you, not some common angel; certainly that shows how much I care?”
"Father, what's going on?"
I've ever met. It pissed Michael off every time we shifted around him; Cas is his height as a wolf, though not as bulky, and bigger than Raphael. Thankfully Dean Winchester is obnoxiously large; Cas is pretty happy to have an alpha who can tower over him in at least one form."
"Well, if I mounted you before our mating ceremony, it would create an incomplete bond, and we could suffer some pretty terrible psychological damage until we completed it."
Mshindi smiled, his dark brown eyes catching Crowley's bright crimson across the table. "The shamans are not concerned with politics, only fate. He will be your mate; it has been Seen."
"I want you to understand."
Dean smiled, his eyes a brighter green than Cas had ever seen. Sam said the color was called
"That's pretty quick, isn't it?"
"I have an ointment for them to use tonight," Linda assured him. "Are you sure you don't have the same symptoms?"
“I’m ok,” Sam whispered, responding to the rage and terror he could feel pulsing through his link with the smaller man, breathing easier despite the blade still buried in his gut. The urge to calm his archangel down overrode his own pain, and he wrapped his free arm around Gabriel’s waist in an attempt to do just that.
Adam was an alpha son of John Winchester and the brother of Sam and Dean, all of whom had taught him to care for and protect anyone weaker than himself. This skinny omega boy, who couldn't be more than twelve, certainly fell into that category. He reached out and wrapped an arm around Alfie's shoulders, waiting for the youngest Novak to relax and lean against his side before speaking. "Trust me, you won't be an inconvenience. Sam and Dean only go for the first and last games of the Major League season and once they went to the World Series when Mom got us all tickets to Game 7. They don't care much about the sport, they rarely go to any Minor League games, and I have no one to talk to. It would be nice to have you go with me. I'll even buy you a hotdog."
"In a way, yes. You are meant to be messengers, but the four of you are more than that. There is a prophecy that you are the harbingers of a grand destiny, one that will destroy the three packs."
Gabriel pushed Sam away, glaring up at the taller man as Cas and Gadreel jumped out of the trees, both of them shifting forms but not approaching their older brother. The silent omega sneered at Sam and waved a hand at his throat, raising his eyebrows in a question.
"You're a
"Of course."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Is Gabe going to fly off with Sam like this every time . . ." Dean trailed off, not willing to finish the sentence.
"I thought your family was from the Imperial City?"
"What are you going to do when he gets mated and settles down?"
"He fought them? He
"Terrible," Dean groused, not bothering to glance at his companion. He had spent part of the morning browsing the stores in the marketplace, but every time he saw some beautiful swath of cloth or an intricate piece of jewelry, he had turned to show it to Cas. The omega wasn't there, of course; he was still secluded with the omegas in Asa's house, and it was killing Dean to be apart from him. The alpha, frustrated with his increasingly irritated reactions to people, had left the city for whatever serenity he could find at the side of the lake.
Sensing that his brother had finished talking to Dean, Gabriel leaned forward across the table, Sam's arm still wrapped loosely around his waist. "What do you drive that you can carry so many people?"
Claire shook her head as she thought back to the stories her father had told her about April, the concubine who had tricked Castiel into impregnating her when he was in his first rut. "I have to prove it to me," she whispered, closing her eyes.
Kevin, while dressed in the simple white tunic that marked the serving class, had accented his outfit with a rich red sash embroidered by his mother with symbols from his birth language. His position among the palace servants was quite prominent, and he walked with the surely of a man who could stride among nobles with impunity. He reached Dean and cleared his throat, catching the omega's attention as he nodded toward a doorway on the side of the throne room. Chuck had a small meeting room there, and it would do for Castiel's purposes.
Linda nodded and pulled off her shirt, quickly stripping down to her wolf-fur undergarments as her sons followed suit. Maggie handed her the bag, packing her own clothes in side as her mate followed suit, Ruby and Meg waiting patiently for orders. Crowley stripped out of his clothes and handed them to Linda, nodding toward the two women who had brought Balthazar to him. "Do you want to come with us? It's your choice."
Charlie shook her head, sipping her tea as she pointed at the low couch against the windows. Sighing, Dean stretched out across the cushioned surface, rubbing his scent on the fabric before moving on to the floor cushions. "Jordan's in quite a state today. Even the lingering hint of an alpha's scent might be too much for him. First heats can be hard on male omegas."
Claire moved to stand in front of her father, one small hand on his chest as she looked up into his eyes. "I want to be here, with you, Dad. I want to be a warrior, prove that I'm
"Why is he trailing back there leading a wagon instead of walking with us?"
will know that we are under his protection. They will never dare touch Cas again."
"Your brother is resourceful, and you know that he will reach out for help. Crowley, certainly, and maybe some hunters or angels who are sympathetic to our cause. You need to have faith in him." He smiled as Dean wrapped one arm around his waist, pulling him close but holding him as gently as possibly to avoid causing his wings any more pain.
"Thank you, Maggie."
Victor didn't ask, waiting patiently for an explanation.
Cas nodded, standing to clean up the breakfast dishes so he and Gabe could head out. "Come on, Gabe; first bell is at 7 and you don't want to get in trouble for being late."
"Cas, don't think like that," Dean answered sharply. "You didn't lose your grace; it was stolen from you. And you were amazing, adapting to humanity after spending billions of years as a 'multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent'. None of your fellow angels would have been able to survive. I can see why Chuck always liked you."
As soon as Balthazar was dressed, he reached for Crowley's hand, freezing at the dark brown spots on the alpha's suit. "There's blood on your shirt," he whispered.
"You're sure?"
Dean looked up from his meal in shock, glancing at Meg to confirm that this wasn't a joke. "For me? Why would you buy clothes for me? I'm your youngest, lowest ranked concubine and you haven't even . . . spent time with me yet."
“You sound hesitant.”
Dean chuckled, ducking his head. "It's a farm, Balthazar, and a farming town where my sire has a great deal of influence. Not much has happened to me."
"Never," Cas replied, grabbing Gad's wrist in one hand and reaching out for Gabe with the other. The blonde smiled and took his brother's hand, joining him on the bed at last. He leaned against Gadreel's shoulder and reached up to run his fingers through Cas's hair. "I made sure that they always had food, even when Michael refused to give us enough."
“CAS! What did you do to him, you son of a bitch!?”
Dean grunted as he realized his mistake, raising his blade to block Cas as the omega landed on top of him. He realized with a shock that Cas was his size, just as broad-shouldered and well-muscled as the big alpha now that he wasn't half-starved to death. Dean placed his free hand against Cas's chest and tried to push him off, eyes still on their blades locked inches from his face, but the omega wouldn't budge. Switching tactics, Dean redirected their locked blades to the side of his head, swinging his trapped elbow up into the side of Cas's face. The blow was glancing, but it was enough to knock his opponent off-balance, and he was able to use one knee to dislodge Cas before rolling away.
Crowley nodded and walked into the den, ducking almost immediately as his head scraped the ceiling. He heard a shuffling sound off to the left, deeper in the cave, and he was suddenly grateful for his enhanced night vision. He spotted Balthazar a moment later, huddled up against the wall in the back of the abandoned bear's den, his legs pulled up to his chest as he tried to pull some of the dried bedding around him. The omega was shivering even in the relative warmth of the den, but he didn't seem to be in any danger of hypothermia.
"Dude, you can't
"Of course I am." Gadreel held Cas tighter as he struggled against his brothers at the words, growling a rejection. "Hey, calm down! I'm going to tell him because he needs to know what to do if this happens while he's with you. He wants to take care of you as much as you want to take care of him. Dean doesn't see you as broken, Cas. He sees what you have survived, what you became to protect your brothers, and he is
Dean chuckled, knowing that he was forgiven, and he headed out of his tent toward the food tables. Most of the camp was bathing, but Bart, Inias, Ishim, and Isaac would be cleaning up and guarding the desserts until everyone returned. Dean snagged a few of the tiny cakes when the guys moved away to start prepping for breakfast, handing one to his dragon companion as they headed back toward the tents. The three of them, Cri-Kee nibbling on a sugary morsel that Kevin had broken off for him, passed by the small tent that housed Metatron, slowing at the sound of raised voices inside. Dean glanced down at Kevin, pausing where he could hear what was going on.
“Your friend is an omega. Is the brother also an omega?”
"I'll take a smaller patrol ahead, try to beat the Huns to the city and warn them. Zachariah had most of the army, but the Imperial Guard is still in the City and they should be able to mount a reasonable defense until you arrive. We'll take just one cart with the cannons and some supplies and push toward the capital as fast as we can. Metatron, I would recommend that you stay with the main army and offer them your . . . guidance." Cas bit out the last word, but the scribe would have been perfectly happy to stay with the part of the army not rushing at top speed to the city even without the suggestion.
“Perfect. We’re probably miles from civilization, too. It’s going to take forever for Sam to find us.” Cas felt Dean shift, probably looking around as his vision adjusted to the dark. “Cas, please tell me that we were not grabbed by
The fourth time he said it, things had been much more uncomfortable between the two. Cas had pulled Sam out of The Cage with his newly amped-up seraph power, but he left something behind. Sam didn't have a soul, not that Cas had known back then, but he did know that Sam was broken because of him. So, he avoided Dean at all costs. It wasn't hard, of course, since he was in the middle of a civil war and desperately trying to track down a number of stolen weapons that would help him win this impossible struggle against the last archangel in Heaven. So, when Dean called him about a possible weapon active on Earth, he had to leave his troops and answer.
"You did that," Kevin grinned, hopping up on Dean's bag and resting a clawed hand on Dean's arm. "And now I made sure that the scribe guy didn't shut down this training camp and send you all home. You're going to join the main army, and maybe there won't be much fighting but it should be enough for you to all earn your honor and return to your parents. You'll have saved your brother and brought honor to your family. Isn't that what you wanted?"
"Are you kidding, she told me. She's already got a list of charges prepared. Don't worry; those three won't get away with this. They've already all been in trouble for harassing omegas before, and all of them have pretty extensive rap sheets for their age. They'll never get near Cas again."
"Or he's trying to impress Balthy," Kevin returned, grinning at his friend.
Gabe squealed, burying his nose in Sam's neck and inhaling his spring meadow scent. "Really? You really want pups?"
"How long will that take?"
The witch looked up at Cas, tilting her head in confusion. "I can't get through. He must have blocked the link for some reason."
"This is not just any general," a voice interjected, Castiel's oldest half-brother entering the room. Zachariah was a member of the army, though a very young one, and had only seen one battle against the Huns before they were driven back across the border. He planned to serve in the army for the rest of his life, and the Emperor had promised to make him Grand Commandant, in charge of the entire Chinese Army when he was experienced enough. They looked similar, both with dark hair and their father's engaging smile, but Zachariah had his mother's muddy colored eyes while Cas's were bright blue. Zachariah also had a receding hairline, one that would become more prominent with age, but since he had no intention of mating as the son of a concubine, he never cared much about his appearance outside of official Imperial functions.
"Yeah, no kidding."
"Seems like it." Balthazar reached into his bag and pulled out one of his French novels, settling in to wait on the long decision process. Gabe and Cas pulled out their schoolbooks, deciding to work on their Calculus homework as long as they were waiting.
It took a long moment for the old beta to look up from his scrolls, slowly placing his quill back in its stand before turning to face his alpha. Long ago, when he was a younger scribe, the beta had served Chuck faithfully in the capital city, penning treaties and negotiating border disputes with the Head Alpha. When Chuck's first omega twins were born, Gabriel and Gadreel, he had told Metatron that he would leave before the boys went into heat, recommending that the scribe find a new, safer home for his retirement. Malachi had been glad to take him in, respecting him for the work he had done under Chuck even as some of the nobles cursed his name. Metatron would be the first to admit that the treaties he worked on had not always been favorable to the Celestials, but they had been fair, and just, and there had been an uneasy stalemate between the three lands in part thanks to his advice. He was content with his past, but he hoped that he could still contribute to his pack's future.
Sam, slightly frustrated, planted his feet and hauled back, aiming a vicious punch at Benny's head, shocked when the beta somehow caught the swing, engulfing the alpha's fist in his larger hand. Finally finding an opening, Sam twisted his other wrist and rested the tip of his wooden dagger against Benny's heart. "I win," he growled.
"Gabriel is beyond ready for it," Jo pointed out, testing the balance of one of her knives before throwing it across the field into one of the painted targets. "His bond with you is incredibly strong, and he will do anything to make you happy. If you tell him that you will never breed him, Gabe will still be content with only you, but it isn't what he wants."
"A peaceful life."
"I'm glad to hear that, Zar. Honestly, when I took over this pack, I was pretty sure I could do it alone, but I really appreciate all of your help over these past few days."
Rowena nodded politely and touched her fingers to the alpha's cheek, taking a quick measure of the woman before returning to her supplies. "I met your mother once, Jo, before you were born. She was scouting near Spellbound lands and we had a bit of a chat. Wonderful woman."
"He won't. I can't. Come on, Dean; finish eating and get ready for bed."
Infuriatingly, Chuck just stood there stoically with his hands tucked into his long sleeves, even with the tip of Dick's sword touching his beard. Chuck had never been a warrior; he had been the fifth alpha son of the last Emperor and Empress, one of a pair of twins that were very small and not expected to survive. He and his twin sister Amara had been raised mostly by their tutors and older half-siblings, only seeing their birth parents a couple of times a year. When they were twenty, their older brothers died serving in the army, in a raid to push the Huns back over the border decades earlier. Suddenly and with no warning, Chuck had become the heir to the throne, immediately mated to Naomi and groomed to take over the Middle Kingdom when his sire died. He was a scholar, not a soldier, so he fought Dick with his words alone. "No matter how the wind howls, the mountain cannot bow to it."
"It always has been," Balthazar piped up. "He's always smelled like that."
Dean growled, shaking his head slowly.
Dean turned to Sam at the angel’s casual dismissal, unused to Cas not being interested in movie night. “He said he wants to try some new fruits and see what he likes,” Sam explained. “I guess he thinks that he has to try them in private?”
Cas nodded against Dean's shoulder, taking a deep breath before sitting back. "Thank you, Dean, for everything. I never believed anyone could be so kind and expect nothing from us."
Jordan's eyes widened as Gadreel's words sunk in, Max and Gabriel grinning at him from across the room. "Earning my place?"
"What about me and Crowley? Or Dean and Cas?"
“Not if I can help it,” he replied cheekily. “Although it’s quite a profound bond, so I imagine that you’ll find out eventually.”
The alpha groaned softly, running his fingers across his omega's pants, teasing the younger man's sudden erection. "You need help with this?"
Dean thought quickly, trying to translate his conversation with the Matchmaker into the alpha-side equivalent. "I asked for an omega who was willing to speak his mind. I wanted him to be smart, able to protect himself when needed, and unwilling to live under the strictures of society that say that an omega, especially a male one, has to be silent."
, about how wonderful humanity is, to hear him defend it . . . I'm still kind of processing, I guess? But when I saw that Lucifer and Gabriel, who have done nothing but fight for millions of years, band together to save a human and the angel who fell for him . . ." He trailed off, shrugging. "I didn't have words. And I always have words. I knew that I had to return. For the sake of free will, I had to let the fight play out, but seeing Castiel's strength in the face of his strongest brother . . . seraphs don't stand up to archangels. They aren't designed to, they don't want to. He surprised me, and I am not often surprised."
Damian ran a soothing hand down Cas's back, smiling as the younger omega curled up against his side.
our physiologies have to mate. If the connection is forged correctly, the mating itself is not painful, but even shorter courtships can produce perfectly healthy mating bonds."
But Sam and Dean and their pack had given Gabriel and his brothers back their lives, their strength, and their dignity. He wished he could tell Sam how much all of this meant to them, especially the wolf fur shorts, but he couldn't make a sound. Tears filled his eyes as he pulled his knees up to his chest and leaned into them, silent sobs wracking his form. He felt Sam's strong arms wrap around him and hold him close, and he shifted slightly to let the alpha comfort him. Sam didn't say anything, knowing that words couldn't make the silent omega feel better, hoping that his scent and his hand rubbing circles on Gabriel's back would help calm him down.
Rowena stepped back and placed a hand on Tasha's cheek, her purple eyes glowing with her power. "You didn't tell me you were pregnant."
him. He looked up from his private room, stretching out to touch senses he hadn't bothered with in a while, and he heard when his phone rang. Lucifer had been speaking with Crowley, the demon having been beaten into almost-submission, though the Devil know that the demon was not truly cowed.
"Except you," Donald replied slyly, grinning over his tea. "You're not a full witch, but you do have some impressive powers for a latent, and your mother taught you every ceremony she knew. Every spell, too, even the ones you can't do."
Dean climbed into the ambulance behind the EMT, meeting Sam's eyes across the small field. The younger brother nodded sharply, indicating that he understood he was in charge and needed to watch out for everyone while Dean was gone. The doors closed and the vehicle sped away, heading for Lawrence Memorial Hospital.
“As you all know, Dean and Cas were kidnapped by a crazed angel a couple of days ago, and I need your help to get them back. The angel is Michael, and he kind of has a huge grudge against both of them for stopping the apocalypse.” He signed as much of his speech for Eileen as he could, stumbling over words he didn’t know but determined to try his best. Eileen, of course, could read his lips fairly well, but she appreciated the effort.
"I'll ask him." Alfie glanced up at Adam before scooting a little closer, carefully resting his head on the alpha's shoulder. He had seen Balthazar do that with one of the alphas he had dated, and that guy had lasted quite a while. "I wish I could scent you."
would never let me mount him. I never thought I would find an alpha who would be willing to be my bottom once in a while."
Less than two hours later, Benny felt Gabriel’s arms fall away from his shoulders, the omega whining softly. “Benny, I can’t . . . my head hurts and I can’t . . . it’s so dark. I’m so tired.”
Dean shrugged as they inched closer to his father, still blocked by some of his older relatives. "Not technically. I mean, it is still politics, but the Winchesters have been mayor of this city for generations. I mean, I'll start out assisting on Dad's staff, maybe run for a position in the City Council if I do a good job. In Lawrence, the mayor is appointed by the Council, the members of which are elected every four years. It's a bit of a compromise between small towns where the mayor tends to be appointed by the other alphas and the largest cities where every position is elected. We considered a full election system a few years ago, but the city voted against it."
“I haven’t seen much of these lands,” Gabriel replied, looking behind Gadreel at a sharp growl from the black wolf. “Look, you have got to calm down, baby bro. These guys are helping us and you’re going to rile them up. Alphas don’t like to be growled at.” He was right, of course, but as soon as the Wildernesses realized that these were omegas, all of their alpha instincts to fight were gone, replaced by a deep need to protect. No matter what the black wolf did, they wouldn’t get angry.
Cas snorted and shook his head, letting his azure eyes rise to meet his alpha's jade. "Are there any other clubs, organizations, or packs that you're in charge of that you have neglected to tell me? I mean, I've known you less than a week and you seem to own like half the school."
Cas chuckled as his boyfriend jumped into the water, followed quickly by Sam and Benny. Jo, Charlie, and Rowena reclined against the large basket that apparently contained their lunch, while Cas's two brothers stripped down to their own shorts obediently. "Shouldn't we work on our training? We've been 'relaxing' for days."
Dean glared at the burly alpha and raised his hand as if to slap him, stopping when Benny raised his hands in surrender. Pulling his scarf up and opening his fan, Benny headed out into the main hall, Anna, Charle, and Balthazar on his heels. They didn't smell like alphas, and as long as they took small steps and kept their eyes averted they would at least look like submissive betas or maybe even omegas. One of the Huns called out, "who's there?" as the group entered the light, Charlie and Anna giggling even louder as the five soldiers approached the group. Benny tripped, but Balthazar jabbed him with an elbow to get him back on his feet.
"Have you tried your village Matchmaker?"
“I am Gadreel, and this is my twin brother Gabriel. Can you heal him?” He seemed unfazed by the cold wind or his own nakedness, and Dean wondered if the Celestials knew how to make the wolf-fur clothes to wear when they shifted. Members of his pack were not modest, but Dean wouldn’t want these four omegas to be self-conscious around alphas and betas of a rival pack.
At the bottom of the stairs, even Khan bowed his head, Kevin crying from his perch on the horse's back. "My little baby is all grown up and savin' China." He looked down at Cri-Kee, who was just as proud as him, and sniffed. "You have a tissue?"
"Sam, you're teasing me," Gabriel whined, hands resting on Sam's shoulders as he thrust his hips forward. The position was awkward and he couldn't get any leverage, but he tried.
"Is that going to help Cas get through this heat food aversion thing?"
"I thought about poisoning you," Gerald growled, kicking Balthazar as he tried to rise. "Then I heard about this mission Crowley gave you, and I realized that this is better. He'll think you ran away, and he'll never suspect a thing."
"Apparently his wings are incredibly sensitive."
He slipped into dark pair of loose pants, finding a pair of outdoor slippers to match and grabbing his darkest shirt. Slipping his arms into the loose sleeves, he crossed the lapels over his chest and tied the sash, heading out of his room.
Mary and John headed to bed before the second movie ended, leaving Benny and Gadreel in charge on the condition that they get the young pups to bed at a decent hour. Though both of them had already bowed out of the increasingly competitive Monopoly game, they nodded and agreed not to let the young teens stay up too late. Half an hour later, they also headed to bed, leaving Dean in charge after telling him which guests rooms had been set up for the Novaks.
Alfie grinned, reaching over to scratch where Kevin couldn't reach. "You have reactions to the strangest things; you know that? Shouldn't you be immune to all of this, growing up in the wild? What would Mother say if she saw you right now?"
Well, that was a disaster. If his first day of training could have gone worse, Dean couldn't imagine it. Kevin and Cri-Kee, that lucky cricket who apparently thought he owed the omega a life debt, had stayed behind in the tent, though he was sure that they would come to help him train as soon as they realized how hopeless he was. He knew the moves, and generally he had a great sense of balance, but the hostility he scented from the alphas and betas around him kept throwing him off, and the herbs he had to take made him a little lightheaded at times. Dean was sure he could adjust to these small problems, but he really wasn't as strong or fast as a true alpha, and that would become apparent the longer he trained with them. If desertion wasn't more dishonorable than getting kicked out of the Chinese Army, he would consider it.
"Hi Meg."
"I'm tired of watching my brothers vanish into the trees," he finally whispered, leaning his head against Dean's shoulder as the alpha pulled him closer. "It was so easy before, when it was just us in our wing of Michael's palace, basically ignored until just before we went into heat. Now one of my brothers is near-suicidal and the other is running off to make a deal with the most powerful Spellbound witch anyone has ever met."
Cas grinned and leaned back against his pillow, staring at the silks that hung above him. There were very few times that he liked his power and wealth, but this was going to be one of them. "So, there was actually a second reason we were pushing so hard to get home, and I was so angry that my rut came on the road and slowed us down."
Balthazar whimpered as he rushed to obey, the blue in his eyes even darker than before as he stared up at the alpha towering above him. Crowley could only resist for a brief moment, dropping to his knees in front of the omega and pulling him into a bruising kiss. Some small part of his mind reminded him to be grateful that the servants were so diligent about keeping the paths in his private garden clear, otherwise he would be waist-deep in snow.
Dean and Sam walked in silence for almost ten minutes, the trek through the forest much longer in human form. When Dean finally spoke, his voice had regained some of its former confidence. "That's not the first time."
"Well, I, for one, can't wait to try that for real," Balthazar purred.
As soon as Steve's mouth was full, Castiel spoke. "You don't have anything to be ashamed of, kid. You're not the first alpha to wake me up that way."
"Cas is a warrior, like me," Dean countered. "Don't try to make him eat all of your damned rabbit food. Or vinegar on fries."
A quick knock on the door ended the conversation, Linda poking her head in. "Supper's here. Crowley sent pheasant and at least a dozen different types of deserts. I think he feels bad that you have to be cooped up for the rest of the week."
"I think one of them is the prophet," Charlie murmured, remembering the conversation that she had with Jo the night before. "I'll test the boys, of course . . ."
Gabriel tucked his head under Sam's chin, understanding exactly what the alpha wouldn't say. "It was a suicide watch."
Dean led his trainee to the small food prep area against the building, nodding toward a couple of his pack mates as he claimed a microwave and helped Cas heat up his lunch. The school had added the small outside "cooking" station a few years ago after a number of parents complained that they couldn't pack enough healthy variety of food for their pups. The area was open to the outside, but it could be closed off in bad weather and the doors to the cafeteria used. There were three security cameras and a teacher on duty during both lunch periods to make sure that no one tried to use the microwaves irresponsibly, but so far there had been few incidents.
Balthazar thought back to the prophecy that he and his brothers would destroy all of the packs, and he shivered as a touch of premonition skittered down his spine. "I would do anything to stop this war, Ruby. The alternative is too terrible to be imagined."
was the one in heat."
"Have you been . . . sabotaging his matches, Steve?"
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled the omega into his lap, leaning against a pile of pillows as he held the boy close. Dean cuddled against the alpha, sighing in relief as everything felt normal and safe again. "I was injured a few months into the campaign," Cas whispered, stroking Dean's back as the omega started to purr. "I got pretty sick, and my rut came along during the worst of it. I don't remember anything, but the doctors said I was calling for you, that I was trying to rip off my bandages and run out of the medical tent. They had to tie me down and give me small amounts of water when I was calm, but the fever eventually broke and my rut ended at about the same time."
"We've been training for weeks, and marching was part of that," Charlie pointed out, practically skipping beside the men. Anna, who had little use for the complaints of her friends, marched ahead of them, looking down the hill toward the stragglers. Steve was back there, walking oddly slowly despite excelling in mountain march training the week before. Anna tapped Charlie's arm and nodded toward the straggler, her scent offering a question. "What is it, Anna?"
"Of course. There's a trading post on our border where I have met with Wilderness guards in the past, and they have always let me through. What do you want me to tell the boys if they are in Wilderness lands?"
of them are adorable," Gadreel corrected. "Cas, don't mind my fiancé; he's just jealous that I had more trainees in High School than he did."
Balthazar, who was past his growth spurt, casually passed two of his slices of bread to Crowley, waiting for Charlie to finish with the mayo before grabbing it. Kevin piled slices of meat on his bread, taking an egg from Ruby and bacon from Dean before topping it with cheese. Eventually, all of them had two or three sandwiches on their plates, piling chips on the side before pouring a drink and heading to the dining room. The food didn't last long, Gabe putting away his three sandwiches handily before heading back to the kitchen for two more, while Cas managed three. Meg, Charlie, and Balth, as betas, didn't have the same appetite as their alpha and omega friends, but they still ate a respectable amount of food. Ash, even though he was a beta, ate as much as his alpha friends did, Anna sitting beside him and stealthily relocating chips from his plate to hers.
"It's alright, Jo. I was devastated, but my dad has a plan to help me find a mate."
The last normal day of Dean's life began as any other, with the rooster crowing.
"I hate it when Dean is right."
The alpha chuckled and stood, pulling the shaky omega to his feet and leading him toward the washroom. "Let's get you cleaned up." He helped Balthazar clean off and change clothes, tossing his soiled ones into the laundry basket in the corner for the servants to collect later. He slipped out of his own under shorts and dropped them in the basket, too, opting to go without until he returned to his room.
"Omegas are pretty much the polar opposite. They want to belong to as many packs as possible, relate to as many family groups as they can, and they usually can manage up to a half dozen comfortably. I was still part of my father's pack when I mated John and joined his, though Dad eventually submitted to John and combined the packs. All of you are still part of your parents' packs, but one day you may have mates and you will have a place in their pack, also. Research in this area has been spotty, but it was long believed that omegas only had associative position in a pack hierarchy. I think that they actually have a primary position, they just don't measure their worth by how close they are to the dominant alpha. Omegas measure their worth by how they relate to the other submissives in the pack, recognizing that the bonds they form with each other will protect them and their pups. That's the driving force behind belonging to multiple packs, earning that protection from many Head Alphas."
"Of course, Steve." Cas grinned and patted Dean's back, standing and heading back to the food table for a second helping of fish.
(See the end of the chapter for
“A what now?”
Sam shrugged. "Under your brother at the moment. Getting his brains fucked out."
Cas felt tears in his eyes, overwhelmed by the situation and his own rollercoaster of emotions. "And you want to mentor
Balthazar raised Crowley's hand to his cheek, smiling as it curled around the back of his neck and the alpha half-turned to face him. "You don't seem to be going into rut at the scent of two young, unclaimed omegas in heat," he murmured.
“What about me what, Dean?”
"Don't hope for it in your lifetime," Ruby replied acridly. Her voice was stronger and sharper at all times, her words more precise, but the quasi-musical quality to her speech pattern was similar to Meg's. He wondered if all Spellbound wolves spoke so oddly. "John, Michael, and Crowley are committed to this war and hate each other more than three wolves have a right to. Crowley's father is rumored to have been a Celestial wolf from one of the splinter packs who was killed by his own pack for impregnating a Spellbound. John's father Henry tried to sue for peace sixty or so years ago and was killed by Cain and Abaddon. Crowley led a raid into Spellbound territory and slaughtered a hundred of their wolves, including a female that Michael was fond of, stealing a young pup and bringing him back here. There is so much bad blood recently between the three Head Alphas that no peace can ever be had."
Cas chewed his bottom lip, falling onto his back and staring at the ceiling. "No, I don't pretend that. Even when you account for the brothels in every city in Rome, there aren't enough male betas and omegas to partner every alpha in rut. Since there is a stigma against women who assist their mates during that time, there must be some male citizens who allow alphas to mount them despite the risks. But still, I like Inias. He's been a good companion, certainly the first of my male betas I would ever call friend. If he partners with Ishim, everything I did to get him a better place in society could be ruined."
Sam grinned and pointed at a large box leaning against the nearly empty gift table. "Open mine next, Cas, trust me."
Dean had to swallow a couple of times before he could speak, unable to contain the emotions swirling through his scent. "I think I would like that," he finally managed.
"Yeah."
"I'm sorry, Dad! I just . . . other things got in the way."
Dean ran his fingers over the makeshift weapon and sighed. “These won’t do much against Michael, you know.”
the alpha murmured back along their link, not even needing to touch his tattoo with the omega standing so close. "Over a hundred years ago, my mother fell in love with an alpha in the Celestial lands, a man named Hector, who was killed by his own pack not long after I was born and my mother returned here. He was killed because he had wings."
"How do you always seem to know these things?"
"I do want a mate, trust me. I may not want an alpha, but I don't plan to be a lone wolf forever. I just hate how much of myself I lose when I'm in heat."
"I know you will." Cas returned to Dean's side, letting the alpha reach out to curl an arm around his shoulders as the four wolves found their pack positions and took off. Cas stared into the woods long after they vanished, tears in his eyes that he struggled to contain.
Cas nodded. "He put a stop to it, even before Gabe and I joined the Pack. I'm grateful for what he did for a stranger."
(See the end of the chapter for
Adam growled but stopped, glancing at the young alpha behind Dean but unwilling to move forward. The tall alpha didn't growl or posture or snap his teeth, his just stared at his brother with eyes just barely ringed in red, taking a single step forward toward the alpha wing. Sam, with Cas and Gabe standing safely behind him, watched silently from the living room as Dean slowly walked his brother to his room, Adam growling the whole way but unable to disobey his alpha. As soon as Adam was in his room and seated on his bed, clearly accepting that he was going to have to stay there, Dean closed the door and latched it from the outside.
"How . . . how can you promise that?"
, and he sure as Hell is not
Balthazar nodded. "Our mothers were sisters. Your birth mother . . . she didn't have a high opinion of omegas. She was one of the strongest voices in council urging my parents to take a strong 'interest' in where my brothers and I ended up."
Ruby gasped and Meg froze at the omega's insolent tone. Crowley tilted his head, his eyes widening almost imperceptibly in shock as Balthazar clenched his jaw and glared back. He might be an omega, but he had no problems standing up for his family.
in public?"
Gabriel twitched his left leg, groaning at the pain that lanced through his body. “I can handle a few stitches, big boy. As long as you don’t leave any ugly scars.”
Sam snorted and nodded, glancing at the salad bowl as he debated taking another helping. Of her three sons, Sam was the only intentionally healthy eater, so Mary made sure that she catered to his requests whenever possible. "Her class was boring, anyway. She separated us into two groups, keeping alphas and male betas in one group and the omegas and female betas in the other. She thought that if we learned about others' reproductive systems it would make us more likely to have sex. All she really did was show us some diagrams and tell us not to have sex with anyone until we were mated."
The tiny witch shrugged, tilting her head imperiously. "I cannot help it if people in this town are grateful for my healing powers."
The alpha looked up in shock, glancing at the other two omegas to determine if this was some sort of a joke, but the Celestial was clearly serious. "Truly?"
"Yes, the omega boy."
Kevin shook his head. "I smelled some flowers, I think, but I couldn't identify any specific one. Is it normal for visions to be so spontaneous and unreliable?"
The raven-haired omega stared at the board in wonder; somehow seeing a genetic extrapolation of his condition made it easier to understand. "Are all AOOO omegas Lures?"
Metatron, shocked, ran up and grabbed at Cas's arm. "But you can't just . . ."
Chapter 4: Pack Schedules
"My stomach doesn't feel great, but I don't think I'm going to throw up. What are you checking for, Dean?" Cas waited for the alpha to come around the car to help him out, one arm around his waist with the wings in his other hand. They headed into the house together, making it to the kitchen and a stable chair before Dean answered.
Cas raised his head and glared at his brother, blue eyes sparking in the dim light.
Balthazar leaned back against the wall of the living room, comfortably settled on one of the largest seat cushions with Kevin curled against him on one side and Alfie stretched out on the other. He was rubbing their backs in the slow, soothing strokes he and his brothers traded when they were gripped in the waves of their heats. Alfie was much closer to needing a release than his brother, but neither of them wanted to leave until Mshindi returned from his meeting with Crowley. Kevin clenched his fists tightly in Balthazar's tunic, holding his breath as a shudder wracked his slender frame, but he refused to moan or in any way acknowledge his body's
Alfie was having a harder time, whining as he buried his face in Kevin's neck and breathed in his brother's scent. Kevin placed a palm over Alfie's heart, whispering in his brother's ear. "You can do this, Samandriel. Focus. You don't want an alpha, and you certainly don't want Balthy's alpha. You've resisted before, and you can resist again."
happen," Crowley assured him. "Not only do I have a dozen laws on the books protecting omegas, but I post a half a squad of guards in your wing at all times, all of whom will be betas while you are in heat. There are no alphas living anywhere near you except me, and if anyone did somehow magically manage to get through all of those protections and into your rooms, Linda would tear his head off."
Dean nodded and turned toward the door marked 147, leading Cas through the doorway and smiling as he waved the omega toward his seat. The raven-haired teen knew exactly what the alpha was doing; his presence in the room was a completely unsubtle warning to every other student there that they would have to deal with him if they bothered the young omega. From the sudden way that most of the students turned to dig in their bags for their notes or buried their noses in their books, the message was well received.
"You'll have another one, child, I can promise you that."
"Yeah, but Dean, why didn't Adam obey Dad? You and I did."
. This is your father's tile."
Mshindi chuckled. "My people assign every person a totem, an animal that represents their spirit. Mine is an impala, which is a creature you do not have this far north. Chuck and all other messengers we met were given bird totems, like the harpy eagle. We learned to associate the few messengers we met with birds, so we give the tiles bird wings."
As soon as the older hunter was gone, a raven-haired shadow detached itself from the library doorway, bright blue eyes meeting Sam's sadly. Cas had left his trench coat in his room, and his dark suit was perfect camouflage in the sparsely-lit early morning bunker. "Look, I got him to read one of the books. He isn't ready for the fanfics yet."
about the selection process."
The older omega shook his head. "I believe that our little brother took Luci's words to heart."
, arguing with an
"I want to, trust me, but I don't need it like they do. And it seems rude to leave you alone while Linda is out organizing our supper."
"Hey," Dean snapped, trying to hold his robes up so he could run at a reasonable speed, "I'm making this up as I go." He slid to a stop beside one of the windows, eyes lighting on the fireworks pavilion visible across the way. Plan. "Kevin," he called, pointing at the pavilion, the dragon hopping up onto the window sill.
Gabriel nodded, but otherwise didn't interact with his twin. Gadreel resisted the urge to sigh, unwilling to comment on his brother's melancholy but wishing he had a way to break it. As soon as Gadreel was gone, Sam scooted his chair closer to Gabriel and wrapped his arm around the blonde's shoulders. "You didn't eat much of your lunch."
The redhead grinned and shrugged, running her fingers through her curled hair. "I am the most powerful witch this land has ever seen, and I look good for my age."
"Do omegas lose their appetite during their heat?"
"He said that if I don't obey these new rules he's set for us, he'd kick my ass half way back to Celestial lands."
to prevent this from happening?" Dean's hand didn't stop its exploration, his other one twining in Cas's dark locks. "Babe . . . it won't be longer than a couple more weeks."
The night was cooling down as stars filled the sky, both teens glad for the warm layers in their costumes. Some of the party-goers, like Charlie who arrived after Dean, were not wearing much at all, but she didn't seem to mind the bite of the wind as she wound her way through the crowd. The two managed to get involved in a game of beer pong that used water in the cups with the drinks on the sides for the losers to chug. The first pair they played were also underage, so they just chugged sodas and had fun. The second pair were older, but grabbed sodas to keep the game fair, though they won pretty easily and were able to face college-aged opponents with beers. Dean shrugged and led Cas away, no longer interested in the game as more of the older kids reached the tipsy and drunk stages of their night, things that could easily lead to aggression in a competitive game like beer pong.
Balthazar blushed and ducked his head. "Um, yes. The sounds Kevin and Alfie were making drove me crazy and I had to do something to block them out. I, uh . . . I never partnered with an alpha before but if it's anything like that toy, I can't wait to try it for real."
Sam watched the interaction with one raised eyebrow, meeting Jack’s amused glance across the room as the elder hunter and his angel filed out of the room.  Dropping the bags of supplies he had gathered from the car, Sam grabbed his wallet and followed them, closing the door as Jack slipped out.
Dean had been watching the dark-haired angel ever since the last time he brought up his longing for a cat. Castiel had been reading some book he found that showed him all of the different cat breeds, that longing look in his bright blue eyes. He seemed to understand that Dean’s allergies would preclude the acquisition of a feline, but his determination was undeterred.
, the one that was dyed a true, deep, Tyrian purple. It has probably cost Cas's weight in gold, but it had been a gift from his father when his legion returned home from a glorious campaign in Assyria holding the border against the Parthians. As an omega, Dean was expected to dress in traditionally female garments, like the
"I don't have any blockers with me, Gabe, and you don't wear any that I could borrow. Most people in this town are nice, and we are carrying some of Dean's Pack scent. We'll be fine."
"Yeah."
*Sex with a child under 16, even presented, can be illegal depending on the circumstances and is generally prohibited
From his position on his back, half-trapped by Dean's arms, Cas grinned. "I won!"
"Sure, I can see that," Sam soothed. "I kinda felt the same way you did, so I looked up some of the fanfic sites to try to get a better understanding of their mindset. Let's ignore Becky, who is apparently a die-hard Wincest fan, but there are some pretty great fics featuring other OTPs that might be safe."
"She escorted us in, actually. She's very nice."
"You guys did that in heat? With no help? That must have been hard."
“Any luck?”
"I don't want to go," the raven-haired child replied cheekily.
"What happened that's got Alfie so upset?"
“You prayed to me, Sam. For years. Every time I heard your voice, I grew stronger. I hid with a few friendly pagan gods and used most of my power to completely ward myself against the other angels, the archangels, God, and whoever else might be watching because I wanted to be able to return to you.”
"A few members of Mother's coven came to town last night from a small fortress in the east. They apparently burned through the supplies in the last watch post they passed through, and I need to send someone to restock it."
Crowley grinned. "I've had a hundred years to come to an understanding with my wolf. Donald and I had a long conversation about it once, and he taught me some tricks. He and I used to have to spend time with the Coven's omegas when they were in heat, and we had to control ourselves. I'm pretty sure that I won't be able to resist you, though."
Mshindi opened the box and gasped, eyes widening as he lifted the item out of the cushioned box. It was a deer antler, shed from a young buck and carved into the shape of a wolf, two clear and incredibly rare dark green emeralds forming the eyes and runes carved over various parts of the small animal. He ran his long fingers over the smooth bone, fingernail tracing the rune on its chest, which was embedded with tiny amethyst chips. The rest of the runes were embedded with chips of different gems, enhancing the power of the markings. "This is beautiful."
"Less desirable?!"
Cri-Kee chirped something and Kevin snorted, shaking his head. "That's terrible advice."
The Celestial smiled and crossed his arms in front of his chest, offering an alpha’s bow to the brothers. “My name is Castiel.”
"Uh, yeah, it was a, uh, bit of a surprise for me, too. I didn't . . . when Gabe told me about the Pack, I didn't really know what to expect. I just wanted . . ."
“I think his time in the Cage weakened him more than we thought. Attacking me may have cost him more than it would have in the past.”
Sam shrugged. "I think it's his alpha brothers. He's been feeling disconnected since Michael and Lucifer started planning their move, especially since Balthazar is spending so much time with Crowley. He said being out here, away from the emptiness in his home, has been helping. I'm not sure what else I can do for him."
"Gad said that you want pups."
Benny chuckled and ran his fingers through his scruffy beard. "He's so gentle, Dean, despite everything that happened to them. I won't deny that I see a kindred peacekeeper soul in the boy. When I heard him mediate that argument between Castiel and Balthazar the day we met, I can honestly say that I saw myself, standing between you and your brother, or you and Jo during one of your more violent spats."
"I need you, too," the hunter whispered, reaching up to cup Cas's cheek in his hand, repeating the words that had broken the angel free of Naomi's control so long ago. Cas's heart soared at the words, at the closest Dean would probably ever come to a confession of love, but it was enough. He understood the hunter, and it was enough. Dean leaned forward first, Cas meeting him halfway in a kiss he had waited the better part of a decade for, one that was as warm and forceful as he had expected, but somehow gentler and more possessive, as well. He had never written any of the sex scenes in Sam's fics, preferring to keep his fantasies to himself, but this was more than he had ever hoped for.
"How many pups do you have?"
hard enough with his nails to raise a line of red welts. He knew that the alpha's wolf would react to the marking, and he could feel his future mate fighting against every instinct in order to keep himself calm. "I'm in control, Dean. That was the point of my time away.
Kevin, who had covered his eyes with his long ears in an effort to offer his charge some privacy (and really, had he never seen an omega dick before?), snorted. "So a couple of guys don't rinse out their socks; picky, picky, picky. Well myself I kinda like that corn ship smell."
Charlie watched Jo for a long moment before she decided to speak. "So, how long have you been running with the Winchester brothers?"
to beat me in car bombs.”
"I know. This is a busy time of the year, though, even without interviewing the entire staff and half the townsfolk. We're going into planting season soon, and I have a lot of responsibilities."
Kevin tucked himself into the back of Dean's armor, Cri-Kee safe beside him. "Okay, tell me what you know about this camp and I'll help you out."
Dean stumbled into the main room of the bunker, holding one hand to his pounding head as he used the other to make sure that he didn't fall into anything. The only thing he could focus on was his intense desire for coffee and medicine, cursing his overindulgence in liquor the night before even as he knew that he would do it again. He noticed a dark shape leaning over a lit laptop as he passed the main room, but he didn't have the brain capacity to process that piece of information yet, so his mind filed it away for later.
"Dean, you did it! Castiel totally believes you're a real alpha now."
"I can make a different one if you prefer," a silky voice offered from behind the hunter, amused golden eyes flicking dismissively to the angel blade suddenly pointing at his chest. "Samshine, you know that an angel blade can't kill me." He reached out with one finger and pushed the long dagger away, smiling as Sam slowly relaxed.
(See the end of the chapter for
scent made it hard to stay away from the unsavory alphas in the student body and I kinda closed off a bit."
Sam looked up at the bunker door, closing his eyes and sighing. Michael had known where they were, had known to ambush them less than a mile from their own home; there was no way that Cas and Dean would escape the crazed archangel on their own. He struggled to contain his emotions as he reached in his pocket for his cell phone and tapped through his contacts before dialing a number he was all-too-familiar with. Sam hated having to rely on the King of Hell for anything, but honestly there was no one else who could help him, especially in an all-out fight against Michael. He climbed the stairs and stepped outside as he heard the call connect.
Sam reached into his jacket, producing two extra angel blades, his own still tucked safely against his side. He handed one each to Jody and Donna, silently appointing them as his lieutenants in this fight. “The three of us will have them to start, and you should all bring your normal arsenals in case Michael has something other than angels guarding his hiding place.” He needn’t have bothered with that part; each of the hunters was armed to the teeth just standing in front of him; they would be ready for any unforeseen monsters. “As soon as a few of the angels are taken out, the rest of you will be able to grab their dropped blades and join the fight. They aren’t really the biggest challenge.”
The dark-haired man signed and ran a hand over his face. "Yeah, I don't know. A week, maybe more. Mother used to handle a lot of the paperwork, and she usually isn't gone for more than a week or two at the time. I guess I let it get out of hand." He turned away from the papers and smiled, clapping a hand on Balthazar's back. Crowley had been finding excuses to touch the omega a lot recently, not that Balthazar minded. "So, what brings you to my study?"
Dick Roman had never considered himself an unreasonable man. His tribe, the greatest among the various Hun families, had guarded the border with China faithfully for generations. There had been many emperors in China during that time, and each had built small stone walls to protect their lands from Dick's people, though most of the deterrents had been ineffectual.
"Why?"
The last great skirmish between the Huns, including Dick's Leviathan tribe, and the people of China had ended over twenty years prior, and the current emperor had decided to try to make the peace permanent. Unfortunately for him, Chuck of the Qin Dynasty decided to do that by linking all of the smaller stone walls into one Great Wall of China, which infuriated the Huns to the north. It had taken him two decades to complete his project and the Huns had immediately decided to test the impenetrability of the edifice.
"I like quiet nights in front of the television, watching a movie or playing a video game. It's just nice to be together."
"What can we do to ensure that it is a good future?"
Chuck turned to his oldest boys, both alphas sitting taller and meeting his gaze. "Sons, is this true? Are you moving out?"
“Dude, how is that fair?  That’s three to one.”
Balthazar nodded and turned toward his bag, a sudden icy shock shooting down his spine. He sensed the alpha move closer before he could respond to that sudden terror, the cold bite of a metal collar snapping around his neck.
Cas smiled and ducked his head. Mary had insisted on planning a party for the weekend after his sixteenth birthday, inviting most of the Pack and his family to the Winchester mansion, and Dean had been helping his mother organize it. "I've never seen him act like this before."
"Pay her for what?"
The Head Alpha never let himself lose control, but he was dangerously close to doing just that while kissing the whining omega in his arms. Balthazar had hunched his back and spread his legs, doing everything he could to be smaller than his alpha, and Crowley felt himself sit up straighter in response. He wanted nothing more than to protect this omega, to take care of him and keep him safe
“Cas, have you ever even spent time with a cat? How do you know you would even like one?”
noise. The woman carefully lifted the young Quaker and placed her back on the perch with her green siblings, handing Castiel a grey Ringneck in her place. The bird was mostly a light grey color with a greenish tint on its wing feathers and head, darker grey primary feathers, a dark orange beak, and a faint black line under its chin and around its neck. Its intense eyes were ringed with a thin line of bright orange skin and they were bright white with black pupils.
and the bunker was suddenly empty.
Mshindi nodded as he packed the thin burned-bark tiles back into his bag, pulling out one more and handing it to Kevin. "This one is special, as old as the king tile. This is the symbol of a prophet, though the last one died five hundred years ago."
Fish- and bird-shaped kites flew overhead in the light dusk breeze as dancers, musicians, and a group of very serious drummers led an impromptu parade down the main street of the Imperial City. Citizens crowded along the edges of the road, having heard of the great heroes who had defeated the Huns in the mountains, all of them eager for a good look at these brave alphas and betas. Anyone with a teenage pup, especially an omega without strong offers, eyed the soldiers like desserts at a buffet, wondering which ones they might be able to approach with a marriage contract offer. The soldiers themselves, most of them on foot now with Castiel still riding his stallion in front of his soldiers, were not interested in a party.
By the time the third movie was reaching a conclusion, all of the teens watching in breathless anticipation as the Dragon Riders battled against Grimmel and his army, there were only four players left in the Monopoly game. Sam and Gabe had turned the property game into a personal war, each vying to bankrupt the other as quickly as possible. By that point, there was no open property, nothing unowned, and the pile of fake money scattered across the floor and stored in the "bank" between Cas and Sam was ridiculous.
, in Gadreel's words, and Dean nodded in acceptance of that. The Pack had been created to protect the weaker students at Lawrence High, and overwhelmingly that population was omega. Dean couldn't fail his first trainee, and he couldn't fail to protect an omega just after gaining his Head Alpha position.
Balthazar shrugged. "It could. Your dad is very well regarded in the Imperial Court, and your brother was born in the palace. Certainly he would be eligible to stand before Donna."
for the first time since he stormed out of Heaven. The archangel would do anything to stay in Sam's arms forever.
"Of course, Alpha," the witch replied, offering the traditional response for the first time since Crowley took the throne. Maggie rolled her eyes at her mate, following him toward the witch wing of the palace as Crowley led Linda and her boys toward the throne room.
Castiel groaned, ignoring the pounding in his head and the burning pain that danced across his skin as he forced his eyes open. There wasn’t much to see. He was locked in a cell of some sort, three similar ones nearby, each with a single toilet and sink and four bunks along the wall. There were no lights and no windows, so he had no idea what time it was or how long he had been out. He forced himself to sit up, groaning against the pain from the singed edges of his grace where Michael had forced him to submit, glancing down as he realized that a weight was pulling on his neck. He reached up and felt the cold metal of a collar, Enochian runes etched into the dark silver surface. An angel collar.
“Of course.” The younger brother pulled away, shifting into his brown wolf form and nodding toward Benny. The beta climbed up onto his back, Dean handing Gabriel to him as Sam rose to his feet. Glancing over his shoulder to make sure that his cargo was secure, Sam crouched down and pushed off, jumping into a run and disappearing into the trees.
Dean stepped up behind Cas and slipped his arms around the omega's waist, resting his chin on his shoulder. He waited until he felt the raven-haired man relax somewhat before speaking. "You know, I wasn't the one on top when I met with that rogue alpha."
"Alright, Cas. You told me about your brother, so it's only fair that I tell you about my mate. I met Glenn before my first heat when he brought his trading caravan to the small farming village where I was born. I thought that he looked exotic, with his dyed blue hair and matching eyes, so tall that even Sam would have to look up to him, but lean, like an omega. Honestly, I thought he
Dean chuckled as they both settled near the fire, accepting the water and tea that Sam passed him. "Sure, Cas; we'll just march up to Michael and ask him for one."
"I mean, yeah, it would be nice. I've always wanted to travel, and part of me has believed that my destiny lies away from here. Alicia is Dad's heir, so she'll stay here and rule this town, but I don't think I'll be here for the rest of my life."
"Well, what if you shared the tent with me and my family only? All of my aunts and uncles will be piled in with me and Dad tonight, and I know he wouldn't mind if I invited you."
Balthazar told her the story from the beginning, glossing over the abuse they received from their oldest brother and skipping the part about their wings. Rowena's eyes flashed a few times as he spoke, but she kept silent and just listened. When he reached the end, describing Gabriel's dark mood and Sam's fear, he trailed off into silence, not sure what else he could say.
The witch nodded, glad that she was finally getting through to the obstinate pack leader. "Who do you have, Dean?"
Kevin, who had managed to survive flying on a cannon to the top of a cliff and the resulting avalanche, slid across the surface of the snow on a shield from the Huns, barely able to control it as he called for Dean. At this point, secrecy was not his top priority, finding his friend was. "Dean! Dean!" He reached for something dark sticking out of the roiling snow, pulling Cri-Kee up by his antennae, the cricket none too impressed with the action. "Man, you are one lucky bug." Cri-Kee chirped something that approximated an eye roll, but he was grateful to be rescued from the avalanche.
Balthazar reached for the tattoo on his arm as Kevin asked Mshindi questions about the last prophet. Clearly, the Nomads remembered their history better than the northern packs. He pulled Crowley's image into his mind, hoping that he could keep this conversation completely silent.
Dean looked up to find Cas smiling at him, the alpha reaching out to run his fingers through his hair. He knew he should drop his eyes, but he couldn't look away, something in that vibrant blue calling to him. "Stay here," Cas murmured. "I've missed you."
Gadreel grinned and snuggled closer to the big beta, tucking his head under Benny's chin. "Then I think you should obey your own law and stop standing in the way of my choice. I want you to court me, Benny."
Sam chuckled and let the omega cuddle under his arm as he leaned back against the tree. "You play pretty well, you know. Despite being half the size of most of the other players."
"Linda, how was your search? Productive, I trust?" The diminutive woman crossed her arms over her chest and glared at Crowley, Ruby and Meg shifting back and standing halfway between their alpha and the beta. "Well, I stumbled upon your boys here and it seems that young Zar's knapping technique needed some improvement."
"Happy Birthday, Dean. I was planning on getting here a few days ago so you could have woken up with me, here in luxury, and I could have made this day amazing for you."
"That's probably good, then," Michael replied, heading to the sink. Cas noticed that his hands and arms were covered in grease; he'd been working on one of the cars.
Cas did, indeed, refuse to talk about his Great Skittle Experiment.
"Don't yell at him!" Cas found himself out of his chair and a foot from John in an instant, his eyes flaring gold in fury, his burnt scent clearing his blockers. John took an involuntary half-step back, not used to omegas making threatening moves toward a Head Alpha. "Look, Dean didn't do
Dean grabbed Kevin and sheathed his sword, snatching the cannon as Cri-Kee jumped into his armor. He bolted for the small group of soldiers, some small part of him wishing that he had been chosen to stay behind in the slow group, to avoid this confrontation with the Hun army that already outmatched the best that China had to offer. Silencing those thoughts, Dean tucked Kevin away and grabbed Khan's reins as he reached the horse, somehow getting both of them to safety on the small ridge.
Crowley chuckled as he dressed, choosing to stay in his soft cotton underclothes instead of his wolf-fur ones. He had no intention of shifting that day, and he wasn't holding court, so he could choose more casual clothes. Balthazar also ignored his wolf-fur underclothes, finding a pair of heavy, cream-colored pants and a sky blue shirt that Crowley had given him a few days earlier, the sleeves decorated with light green vines interspersed with dark purple grapes. It was a nod to the omega's love of wine, and it was quickly becoming his favorite shirt.
"Hey, look what we have here," the leader oozed, leaning against the locker next to Cas's and flashing his fangs at the omega, five of his companions coming to a stop with him. "It's the new boy, from Illinois."
for the past two hours, but he was almost past the point where his self-control would be enough. Balthazar had tried to get him to leave a couple of times, but the young omega had wanted to be present when his brother woke up. Omegas in heat, whether they were breeding or not, needed to mate once or twice a day to satisfy their wolves, and Alfie was way overdue.
The omega fell to his knees in a cross between shock and relief, some detached part of his mind registering Meg's arms wrapping around him in support. "Thank you. Thank her for me, please. Is he okay?"
Chapter 2: Pack Applications
"Third. You have it second, right? I'm sure you can speak to your counselor about rearranging your schedule, especially since they tend to be pretty lenient for pack-related reasons."
Dean leaned down until his lips were inches from the black wolf's twitching ears, his voice barely a whisper. "I trust you with my life, sweetheart."
Kevin smiled gently and walked up to Dean's side, reaching up with one tiny paw to pat the human's arm. "Then you're going to have to trust me," the dragon soothed, the smoke gone from his breath. "And don't slap me anymore. You clear on that?" Dean nodded, eager to have some sort of support and friendly companionship during his masquerade. "Okey-dokey, let's get this show on the road. Cri-Kee, get the bags. Let's move it, heifer."
The soldiers let their training take over as they obeyed the command, Dean jumping from the cart and pulling Khan forward toward whatever safety the nearby low ridge to the south could offer. The other soldiers were not much faster, hampered by the deeper snow of the pass, but thankfully none of the arrows found targets. A seasoned warhorse, Khan was frantic to be rid of the cart and free to fight, jerking his head as he rushed forward and tried to reach the rest of the soldiers. The Hun archers, apparently positioned on the upper flanks of the mountains they had just passed, switched to fire arrows for the next volley, most of them fizzling out in the snow but a handful hit their mark.
"Oooh, let me see." Dean plucked Maggie's phone out of her hand, examining the picture of the aftermath of the fight, tapping out of the photo viewer and scrolling to the next message. He froze at the sight of Gabe in Sam's arms, the alpha's huge hand on the back of his neck as they both stood there with their eyes closed against a backdrop of dingy green lockers. "Sam . . . you've got it bad for that tempestuous blond."
"Of course. Cas will be fine."
"You live in the mayoral mansion," Cas whispered, biting his lip as he struggled to speak past the knot in his throat. "We live in a trailer, Dean. Eight of us, four bedrooms, which is two more than we had back in Illinois. I don't . . . I don't want you to see . . . we aren't rich, or even well off. Father struggles to pay bills sometimes. I don't want you to see that."
Balthazar blushed and ducked his head. "I, uh . . . I really like him, yeah. I'm surprised by how fast this happened. Two days is pretty quick even for me."
"You will," Charlie whispered, her green eyes glowing with a deep indigo-purple light. "If you wish for the prophecy to end well, you
"I need your shirt. The one you've been wearing today."
wrong tonight. He didn't have to hold my hand to go to the bathroom and he didn't have to check my punch!" John looked over at Mary, the red gone from his eyes as he silently asked his mate for help. For her part, Mary wasn't stupid enough to get between a furious omega protecting his partner and the alpha threatening them. She raised her hands and shook her head.
Walt and Roy exchanged a concerned glance, one that bordered on terror without quite reaching it. “Sam, you’re asking us to fight angels? We can’t do that.”
Dean called out for him as soon as he emerged into the chill night air, waving the omega back toward the fire. "Hey, Cas; what took so long?"
“Samsquatch, don’t get angry at the messenger. I can see your doubts and I know that you came to this conclusion on your own some time ago. You have to accept that this is not a mission to rescue our brothers, because it is unlikely that either of them will survive.”
Dean pulled away from Cas slightly, smiling at the omega as soon as he looked up. "Hey, so I have a club thing at three today. Wanna come?"
Gabriel shrugged. "I also told you that I was above such
Cas nodded, confusion threading through his scent. "Yes, I know." And Dean had just offered to mentor him. Cas hadn't even known that he was part of the Pack, but the way the others acted around him indicated that he was. Actually, it seemed like he was quite a bit more than
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure you are." Castiel's mind jumped back to that tall alpha with gray-green eyes and a spattering of freckles across his nose. Something still seemed off about the kid, but he couldn't quite place his finger on it. "There's a general's son out there who might be pretty close, though. He barely looks sixteen. He's also quite the troublemaker."
"For the moment he is safely contained," Lucifer replied, Cas turning his head to stare at the two blonde archangels.
They marched past rice paddies on the third day, Dean blushing as a number of the omegas in the fields called out to him. He had never been seen as
The three omegas spent a couple of hours sitting together, talking about their previous heats as the boys mentally prepared themselves for the coming days. This would be their first heat in a city, trapped in a small suite of rooms, but at least they wouldn't have to worry about finding food or avoiding any roaming alphas. Balthazar told them about some of his earlier heats, before Michael started trying to starve them into submission, and moved on to his most recent heat and escape through the mountains.
to get back. I can feel this
Ellen’s daughter from her first mate, a young alpha named Jo, growled and snapped at Dean as she joined the brothers on the bluff. Dean was technically in charge of this expedition, but any group with so many alphas was bound to have some minor skirmishes. The big red male rose to his feet, the white ticking on his fur shimmering as the wind picked up from the north, bringing new scents and sounds with it. Jo, her red-ticked blonde fur raised along her back, snapped her jaws at the bigger male and narrowed her brown eyes. She didn’t have to say anything; Dean knew she hated it when they talked about her mother’s blossoming relationship with Bobby Singer, so he lowered his head in apology. Jo snorted and nodded her head, freezing as she caught a scent in the wind.
"Nothing," Cas whispered, struggling to speak past the lump in his throat. "I've never been so happy, and I can't think of anything that would make this moment better."
"I will, Dad," Dean promised, rising to his feet and heading off to find his father's horse and head to town. In the back of his mind, he started to repeat the litany of omega Rules that he would have to know for the Matchmaker, especially the ones that he always screwed up. Inside his father's house, it was acceptable for him to act dominant and talk back, but he would have to bury that part of himself down very deep if he hoped to impress the Matchmaker today.
"I'm sorry about that. It's been some time since I was able to make the trip."
"Well, you get right to the point, don't you?"
"I'm tired, Dean," Cas whispered, struggling to hold on to his boyfriend's hand. His scent was muted, evidence of how weak he was, and Dean hoped that it wasn't a sign of something worse.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's not really about being controlled," Cas murmured, trying to figure out how to explain the sensation to Dean. "I've had alphas use Voice on me before, and I've wanted to rip their throats out. I broke Michael's jaw the last time he tried it. But you didn't try to control me, so it was different. You wanted to please me, and I wanted to please you. My omega sensed that, I guess, and let me slip into that mindset where I wouldn't be embarrassed or worried, where I could just trust that you would take care of me. I'm not the kind of omega who readily submits to anyone, but I would love to do that again sometime."
Chapter 6: Pack Gatherings
"Cassie? He's always been so reserved."
Dean grinned and tossed his shirt onto the large blanket, heading for the chilled lake clad only in a pair of simple cotton shorts. "Yeah, isn't it a great idea?"
Finally ready for his presentation, Dean bowed his head and meekly followed Garth out of the dress shop. The slim omega would be presenting him, since he didn't have any omega family members to speak for him. Mary blew him a kiss and Ellen wished him luck, neither daring to touch him and ruin the subtle perfume that they had paid so much for. The women followed at a discrete distance, watching as another half-dozen omegas with their presenters joined Dean on the path to the Matchmaker's home.
The omega smiled, knowing exactly what Sam wanted. Later, much later, he would reflect upon the loss of his voice as the catalyst for his bond with the tall alpha, but right now he was just happy that they were together. "I love you, Sam."
Tears filled Sam's eyes as he used all of his considerable alpha strength to keep the writhing omega still, Rowena's hand glowing with an unearthly purple light as a thunderclap sounded through the room. Gabriel slumped forward as the sound faded, Rowena returning to her side of the circle and pulling Charlie back with her. The younger witch was panting, leaning her head on her mentor's shoulder for support as she struggled to control her racing heart.
The older Winchester threw his hand into the air, exasperated. "Don't you think Dad has plans for me? Haven't you been watching over the past ten years as he threw omega after omega at me? I have never, even for a second, been tempted by one, but he kept trying. The law says that he can't pressure an omega into mating, but nothing protects the alphas from coercion. I tell Cas that his brother's idea of a 'perfect omega' doesn't matter, but the thing is, Dad's got a pretty similar mindset. He'll like Gabriel; your omega is small, submissive, and doesn't like to fight. Castiel is six feet tall, well-muscled, as aggressive as an alpha, and has almost as many scars as we do. Dad's going to hate him."
"I know. We haven't . . . but I want to."
"He's bleeding a lot," Dean replied, carefully lifting the handkerchief.
Mshindi tilted his head curiously. "I have seen eyes like that before. There is nothing to be ashamed of. Some of our shamans have eyes like that."
"No," Balthazar whispered, sighing against Crowley's chest. "I'll never be ready to leave."
Sam nodded and turned to Gabe, the red slowly fading from his eyes as he let the omega's soft gardenia and cherry blossom scent calm him. "Are you really okay?"
, and Cas was all too happy to say yes. He raised his hand to Dean's cheek, pulling him in for a repeat of the first kiss, trying to keep it gentle and pour all of his pent-up love into that simple action. He had told Dean, once, that he loved him, but the hunter hadn't believed it at the time. Now, clearly, he did.
. "You don't know anything about me
"I'll arrange it." Maggie glanced back down at her phone and grinned, tapping on something before turning the screen toward Sam. "They got a great shot of you hovering over Fenrir and Narfi. I sometimes forget how tall you are."
Benny sighed and stroked his beard, clearly calming his agitated alpha. "I was working fishing boats out west, on the coast of Mare Cantabricum, when my captain bought a dozen slaves to help for the season. They were the leftovers from the market in Lapurdum, all of them scrawny waifs who had been through too many households. Most were betas, of course, but there was one male omega in the lot. He had been orphaned when his father died on the Germanic front and his mother killed herself from grief. The boy was starved and beaten, with years of whip marks on his back from when he refused to bow or obey."
"You had your chance to protect the Winchester family," the Great Ancestor rumbled.
"Six? Pregnancies last nine months."
Jo took a spot near Gabriel’s leg as soon as Gadreel moved his distraught brother away to the fire and out of the way of the healing. “That looks bad, Dean,” Jo murmured to the brothers, setting out the medical kit where Sam could reach it. The wounds, which had been pink and healthy-looking that morning, were now green, swollen, and leaking pus. The veins snaking across his upper leg were tinted green, the color reaching down to his knee and winding up above his waist. Sam leaned down and sniffed, his face twisting at that rotten apple scent that was now so obvious with the bandages gone.
Sam shuddered, subconsciously pulling Gabe tighter against his side, the omega offering no protest. "Dean, the last time we tried to keep food away from him, I ended up with a dislocated shoulder. I vote that we keep feeding him."
“Sam! That’s a really personal question,” Dean scolded, the faintest blush darkening his cheeks. “Maybe you can put that a different way?”
"I'll try anything at this point," Alfie grumbled, reaching over his shoulder to try to scratch a particularly annoying spot. He slipped out of his shirt and sleeping shorts, no longer modest around Balthazar after spending so much time with his cousin. He shifted into his pale brown wolf form, his belly a few shades lighter and his eyes the same soft brown shade he had in human form. He whined something to his brother, and Kevin stripped and shifted into his own black wolf form with white points and dark eyes. Balthazar followed a moment later, curious to hear whether shifting had helped.
Dena chuckled, running a hand through his hair. "That's great, Benny. You've always wanted pups of your own. Have you picked out names?"
"What does your family do over Winter Break?"
Abaddon, the oldest of the female alphas, frowned skeptically at the tiny foil package. "You know, I had . . . assistance during my last heat, and I didn't have any of these."
"Kevin had visions and his eyes turned white."
"I can do it," Balthazar offered. "They don't get home until four, and Cas and Gabe would be home not long after five on their latest days. Other than matches and meets, everything will be pretty much the same."
should have told Dean that something suspicious had happened in the kitchen. When they came back, I
Cas nodded. "It will be easier with a study partner."
Benny smiled and tightened his grip slightly, Alicia glancing up into his eyes at the action. "If Rowena promised your mother another pup, cher, then she
"Yeah! He's super nice; I was worried that he would be mean like the alphas that chase after Gabe at school, but he isn't like that at all."
Sam nodded. “Yeah, I do. Benny does, too, or he wouldn’t have ridden all night with your brother in his arms on my back. He
Gabriel tilted his head and rested his hand on Cas’s shoulder, pushing slightly to get his brother’s attention. “Cassie, what made you change forms with the brothers? I never got a chance to ask you earlier, but I think we all want to know.”
Sam reached out and placed a gentle hand on Alicia's shoulder. "It's not your fault your mother had a miscarriage, Alicia. It happens sometimes."
Cas jerked at the first touch at the base of his wings, Dean holding the leading edge of the first strip as he began to wind it around the damaged tissue. He carefully wrapped the entire wing, both marveling at the wonder of touching such a magnificent wing—the only part of Cas that was truly
Dean flew down the stairs and slammed the door at the bottom behind him, the latch falling in place from the force. Dick rammed the door a couple of times, Dean closing his eyes as he tried to decide what to do next, dashing down the hallway as Dick's fist broke through the wood of the painted door. Kevin met him in the hallway, having hung back when the soldiers attacked the Hun guards in case his skills were needed, Cri-Kee riding on his back. "So, what's the plan?"
“Yes. So were Hannah, Naomi, Ezekiel, Gadreel, and Bartholomew. Most of the faction leaders that you met or heard of during the civil war were also seraphs.”
Alfie and Kevin sensed the change in his mood, flanking the taller omega as they wrapped their arms around him. He smiled at the brothers gratefully, holding onto his silent conversation with Crowley.
," he groaned, leaning down to kiss the side of the omega's neck. "You can't. We can't. You know that. Rowena said . . . and Sam will
"And third," John continued as if Dean hadn't spoken, "we still have all of the cities
"You're selling yourself to preserve a family that our own father is ejecting you from?"
That was just about all Castiel could handle. He reached out and grabbed Metatron by the front of his robe, raising him into the air and growling directly in his face. "Listen, you pompous . . ."
Cas sat down between his younger siblings as he handed out the snacks, looking up as his two oldest brothers headed out the door. Now he just had to keep everything together until his father came home from work.
Chuck nodded and returned to the room, walking over to Cas's bed and offering a quick half-hug, the omega not able to move much more than that. "I was worried when I heard you were injured. I'm sorry I made you walk to school."
"I really am." Before he could say anything else, the omega tensed as the village drums began to sound. Glancing up at the watchtower to the north, he could see the two big alphas pounding on the stretched skin, counting the beats as he recognized the pattern that meant
Balthazar, sensing the younger soldier's discomfort, leaned against one of the support posts and offered an open, non-threatening posture. He hadn't taken much time to dress, either, but his pants and cloak were heavier than the ones Dean was using. "You ran out of there pretty quickly this morning. Claire's pretty worried."
"Are you going to tell him?" Cas turned and his soulful blue eyes met Charlie's bright emerald.
"Are you sure about this, Dean?"
"More," Cas whispered, wriggling under Dean as he simultaneously tried to move closer to the hand hovering over him and away from the one tangled in his feathers.
Gabe shared his second and third period classes with Ruby, but the alpha's fourth period was on the west end of campus and his was on the east. She smiled and promised to see him at lunch as he headed for his locker to drop off his bookbag. Fourth period was omega studies, and all he needed for that class was the small paperback book tucked in his jacket pocket. After swinging the heavy pack into the small half-sized metal cabinet, Gabe spun the lock and stretched his back, glad to be free of that weight.
Sam nodded, following a few steps behind his brother as they paced around the edge of the lake. Benny and Jo completed their group, possibly the first time that the four pack mates had been able to spend time alone together since they rescued four starving omegas three months earlier. Jo clenched her fists at her side, looking up as Benny's comforting hand came to rest on her shoulder. She wasn't immune to the beta's calming scent, and she gladly leaned against him and let that vanilla and sandalwood aroma wash over her.
"Alright son, it's your pack after all. Just do me a favor, okay? If you ever get that restless urge and feel like you need to fight with me to gain some sort of status or freedom, don't do it in front of the omegas. It's bad for their emotional health."
"Alright then," the newly-minted captain whispered, resting his chin on top of his daughter's head. "Training starts tomorrow, and I'll make sure you're there. But I can't treat you any different than the other soldiers, okay?"
soul, and he was willing to take a chance.
Sam smiled softly, running his hand through his hair. "Dean calls me Sammy. Do you think . . . do you think Castiel will really take care of Dean?"
"It's not far," Balthazar answered, leaning forward slightly in his seat. "Head east on 19th and it'll be on the left after Harper."
"I can't wait to watch him flirt with you in French in front of the whole pack, knowing that we have no idea what's going on, just to see you blush."
"Sammy?"
Cas sighed and relented, letting his older brother lead him into the sunlight.
"Four omegas? Do you recognize them?"
Kevin's white eyes flashed silver in the uncertain firelight as he stumbled forward, catching himself by grabbing Alfie's shoulder as a vision flashed through his mind. "What did you see?"
Chapter 2: The Imperial Army
"You kicked their asses last night," Claire piped up, appearing out of nowhere to help him gather up the abandoned staves. "Alphas respect a good ass kicking, and they see you as one of them now. I can't believe your dad never taught you that."
“Had some fruit earlier; I’m good.” Dean handed a second fish over to the omega, frowning when the raven-haired man hesitated. The alpha reached out and rested one callused palm on Cas’s cheek, forcing the gaunt man to look up at him. “Hey, Cas, you have to let me take care of you. I know that you’re worried about us, but my band can go without food a lot longer than you and your brothers. We have a long run ahead of us, and you really need your strength. Just eat up and don’t you fret about me. I’ll be okay.”
“Maybe, but a person can go three weeks without food. You and I won’t survive that long in here; I can’t imagine Michael will allow it. So, either Sam finds us within three weeks or we’re dead anyway. I do appreciate the food, though, truly.”
Gabriel shuddered, looking up as Balthazar slowly crawled over and curled up beside Gadreel, leaning forward far enough to rest his head beside his oldest brother.
"Dad forgot to stop," Gabriel grumbled, tossing his wrapper in the trash. "We ate the last of the bacon yesterday and we had the eggs for supper last night."
"His mind is a jumble of images, colors and sounds flashing by too fast for me to catch. I've only ever met one psychic and no seers, but he seems to have developed their skill to see the future. From the number of paths I'm seeing, I'd guess that he is a seer."
” Standing against the bars of his cage, Dean couldn’t help the thrill of pride that ribboned through him as Castiel stood up to the most powerful of the four archangels, even knowing that he was powerless and his brother was
"Dad said that we could find a better Matchmaker, one who will let my brother be more specific about his requests. I don't think it will work."
"I'm sorry, I just . . . the tea, it's not ready . . ."
"That's the real reason you two are leaving?"
"No, not yet. Cas is pretty good with flowers, so I think he'll be able to identify it once he gets over his first heat. I hope it's something sweet."
Meg shook her head, following the omega to the packs and gratefully accepting a long tunic and pants to protect her from the chill. Charlie took a set for herself, claiming a seat on one of the huge logs by the fire as she watched Balthazar with those intense green eyes. "Elvis, Bucky; good to see you boys again."
They reached the tree line within an hour, Crowley growling softly at the metallic scent of blood near the abandoned supply bag at the meeting point. He shifted out of form, carefully lifting the nearly-empty bag as Linda touched a bloodied, fist-sized rock nearby. She examined the ground for a moment, Crowley tucking Balthazar's supply bag into Kevin's as he waited for the tracker to speak. "There was a fight here, for sure. This is where Balthazar was thrown to the ground, and here is where Gerald landed when he was thrown off."
Sam connected the dots first, his hazel eyes widening. "They were starved when we met them, and Cas was worse off than his brothers. Somehow, he has associated the scent of an omega in heat with starvation, so his body suppresses his hunger when he smells it."
Castiel glanced up at the pre-dawn sky, noting that it was mercifully free of clouds. There was no wind, and Jo hadn't sensed any bad weather in the forecast for at least the next three days. Dean was right, this was the perfect time for such an experiment. Still, the omega couldn't help but be worried.
Alfie and Anna had managed to get themselves up and were already eating cereal when Cas emerged from his room. He checked on each of them before grabbing a breakfast bar from the pantry, polishing it off quickly as he heard his father enter the room, Gabe a grumbling mess behind him. None of the omegas had been awake when Chuck returned home the night before, but the one beta had barely managed to make it home before their father. Balthazar, despite the bare handful of hours of sleep he managed, was already dressed for school, sitting on the couch and reading a book while he waited for his siblings to finish.
"Wilderness pack doesn't have that rule. They actually have laws that prohibit any influence on an omega's inherent right to choose. I told John my desires, and he said that he would never stand in my way if an omega chose me, though I have only courted beta females so far. Until we saved you, I've never met an omega that I would have said 'yes' to."
The small party set out as soon as they finished eating, six war horses pounding a steady rhythm in the snow. Claire wanted to go, but without a trained warhorse she wouldn't have been able to keep up, so she stayed behind with Bartholomew. Metatron, eager to arrive to the village where his position in the Emperor's Court would guarantee him a good room and a warm meal, joined the party, struggling to get his lazy horse to keep up. The others paid him no mind.
Sam snapped his teeth, the long canines that marked him as an alpha flashing in the light. The display of dominance had never bothered Dean before, especially since he was as strong as his brother and his own sharp canines were unusually long for an omega, but this time the action silenced him. "You know what, Dean, I know my place, okay? I do. Maybe . . . maybe it's time you learned yours."
"Um, excuse me . . ."
Mike smiled and leaned forward, patting his brother's shoulder. "Cas, I've never seen you so happy. I mean, even if you don't consider him your alpha, you two have a pretty profound bond. You don't have to mate someone for them to have an impact on your life. I thought you might want to look good for him."
Kevin's now-colorless eyes widened in shock and he turned to find a mirror, dropping to the floor with his head in his hands as searing pain lanced through his skull, followed quickly by images that flashed by too quickly for him to catch. He heard Alfie and Balthazar calling his name as blackness claimed him, mercifully dampening the pain and silencing the visions.
The blonde omega left the field, offering one of his blades to Dean and dropping the other on the ground between him and Cas. The blue-eyed omega grinned as he assumed his defensive stance again, clearly enjoying the fight more than he thought he would. They both lost track of their fellow combatants the two rushed each other again, Cas leaning down to scoop up his defeated brother's weapon just before their blades met.
Sam had pulled his chair up beside Gabriel’s bed hours ago, holding the omega’s right hand in his and running his fingers through his blonde hair in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. Gabriel’s forehead was cooler, his fever having finally broken, and Sam hoped that meant he would wake up soon. Benny had left soon after Tasha, knowing that the alpha needed to be alone, but he had come back once to check on them before vanishing again.
Charlie smiled that soft, secret expression that had come to mean she saw a good vision. "I see a male pup, a legacy alpha, and a female omega witch. Your equals and opposites."
"I expect your report on Dean's readiness to serve as consort in my hands by the end of the day. Have one of the guards bring it; I don't want to see you again."
The witch closed her eyes briefly, the needle in her hand shaking. "We weren't mated, but we were together. After Fergus was born as an alpha, I had to leave Celestial lands. They are not welcoming of half-breed alphas in their pack. My partner was not willing to leave his tribe, even though I warned him that his fate was a bloody one." She paused for a long moment, her hands still in her lap as Charlie leaned over and wrapped a comforting arm around her waist. "I never found out the exact reason, whether it was his wings or his son, but his pack eventually tore him apart. Fergus never got to meet his father."
"Not in the slightest," Balthazar replied, glancing at the clawed gloves Kevin had produced from his dresser.
"What?!" Cas had no idea why Sam was surprised. He had teleported the boys many place before that, usually to protect them, and he had just saved their lives.
"The hell you will," Dean growled, the hand under Cas's chin tightening possessively. "You're not trying anything with anyone else. When I told Michael that you're mine, I meant it. If you want to learn anything about life, or humanity, or sex, or whatever, you're asking me."
"I like baseball games; sharing a sport we both enjoy with some hotdogs and soda." Adam, of course, had found a boyfriend as enthusiastic about the country's national pastime as him.
The marksmanship classes went a lot better than they had the week before. Dean wasn't sure why or how, but everyone's aim had improved, and most of them could hit an apple in the air by the end of the day. He was dead tired, though, having missed sleeping the night before, so he completely crashed when he reached his tent that night, barely noticing when Kevin pulled his blanket up and tucked him in.
by city-bound wolves, but they tended to think of themselves as
As soon as their brothers were gone, Sam turned to Gabriel and kissed him. "I love it when you make Dean uncomfortable. If you want to do that forever, I'm game."
"All three male subgenders have the same external features, other than the knot on alphas and the slightly narrower waist and wider hips on omegas. Male alphas and betas both produce sperm and generally can for their entire lives after presentation, making them capable of impregnating a female or omega. For an alpha, that's his first rut, and for a beta it happens sometime during early adolescence, a period that we refer to as puberty. The same basic physical changes happen to all males, including the maturation of the sexual and reproductive systems, emotional changes due to increased hormones, and the development of sexual and romantic feelings. I can guess that many of you have gone through most of these changes." A chorus of affirmative murmurs answered her, and the omega smiled.
"I helped a little. Mom and Auntie Arlene did most of it. She's not really my aunt, she's mated to my cousin, but we all just call her that. Everyone seemed to enjoy it."
"If you could send a scout on the equinox, I would appreciate it. If the report is favorable, I can leave then, However, I worry that it will be three weeks before it is safe for me to travel."
Jonah smiled gratefully and ducked his head, glad that his reaction to sex was not abnormal. A few other students had specific preferences they wanted to ask about, and Mary answered each of them before moving on. It was clear that some of these students didn't feel comfortable talking about their sexual desires or lack thereof with their parents, so she was glad that she could be a resource for them. Having Toni Bevell teach the class before had been a mistake; the teens deserved someone who would answer their questions about sex and their own urges.
"I'm surprised Cas doesn't play, as big as he is," Mary commented casually.
eyes meeting the angel's blue. "I'm sorry I made you wait so long. I'm sorry I'm too stupid to see what's right in front of me."
Gabriel hopped off the table and took the seat beside Sam, leaning over to see the hunter’s screen. “Can you load all of the areas where you got reports of Amara killing?”
"You can call me Cas," the teen replied, trying to free enough of an arm to shake Mary's hand.
"Sure, Charlie, what's up?" The two alphas spoke at the same time, glancing at each other and rolling their eyes as they waited for the redhead to answer.
Abaddon laughed maniacally as she pulled the short omega into a tight hug, the rest of the team gathering around him and cheering at their victory. Crowley, despite the scowl on his face, patted his new pack mate on the shoulder, congratulating him before leading his own team back to the dessert table. Gabriel bounced over to the edge of the field, collapsing by Sam's side as Kevin tossed him a water bottle. "That was great!"
"Oh baby, you have been so strong and so brave for so long, barreling ahead without worrying about tomorrow. You're
"I remember when he announced that he would not accept the throne," Dean murmured. "I read the proclamation a dozen times, proud of him for choosing his own path."
books?"
Rowena stared at the Celestial for a moment, her gaze flicking to Dean as her eyes glowed. Charlie glanced up at her mentor with concern, a question in her eyes, but the other witch spoke a moment later. "There are some intimate activities that will not trigger a partial mating bond. Touching is fine, kissing, and almost anything that involves your mouth or tongue."
Dean nodded, leaning back on his arms against the table. "Yeah, we've been close for most of our lives. My brothers are both alphas like me, so having someone not stinking of dominance and barely-contained aggression around was a breath of fresh air. She's a lot to handle, though, but brilliant. I haven't seen a game or website yet she couldn't hack, though she avoids ones made by big companies and the government."
Hannah looked up at that, tilting her head curiously. "That can't be Michael's message."
A few feet away, floating on his back with Gadreel's strong grip to anchor him, Benny stared into the mercifully cloudless sky. This late in the winter, mere days before the spring equinox, a storm could be deadly. "What do you want to do today, Gad?"
"I was just as mad at myself, even knowing that there wasn't much I could have done differently tonight," Dean admitted, circling the counter to wrap an arm around Cas's shoulders. "I'll watch him tonight and if there's any indication of poisoning, I'll wake you."
"It was already amazing because you came home. I never thought I would miss anyone except Sam, but I guess you've grown on me."
"There are two alpha models for Balthazar's oldest and youngest omega brothers, and the third is modeled after a beta," Mshindi answered. "Kevin and Alfie also have beta models, since the shaman knew that they have no interest in alphas."
Castiel strode into his tent, heading to the back and pulling aside the heavy curtain that separated the sleeping and meeting areas. In the middle of the smaller of the two beds, surrounded by a mountain of pillows that she had insisted on bringing from the palace, a slender young alpha stirred. Her long, blonde hair was tied back in an intricate braid that Castiel had learned to do when she was a much younger pup, and her bright blue eyes watched her father carefully as he sat down beside her bed. "It's after dawn."
"Greetings, my friend. I am told that you are Robert, of Germania and Cyprus, trading in goods from various parts of Africa."
Crowley raised one eyebrow. "Something more than your sons both sprouting wings, even though one is only a half Celestial?"
Sam sat with Gabriel while he reluctantly ate his lunch, telling him the history of this splinter pack and how they had built their city beside the huge lake. Gabriel seemed to be listening, squeezing Sam's wrist when he wanted more clarification about something and tilting his head when there was something he didn't understand. The alpha had begun to learn the omega's body language and unspoken cues, though he sorely missed that jovial, teasing voice. He lapsed into silence as a faint dusting of snow appeared in the air, Gabriel finishing his meal and placing the empty plate back on the table.
"Boys, Mary and I have been talking about the bedrooms in the omega wing, and we think it's time we upgraded them," John commented as the cake slowly vanished from everyone's plate, Gabriel already looking around for the ice cream he had been promised as Sam chuckled and rubbed the back of his neck comfortingly. "We never bothered before, since we rarely had any guests there, but you guys have been using the rooms for a few weeks now and I don't really think you plan to stop. We figured it could be a birthday present today for Cas and for the rest of you when it's your turn for parties."
Ben grinned and bowed back, running a hand through his dark brown hair. "He's always been nervous about his first heat, ever since he learned about the differences between the subgenders. All of his older brothers are alphas, and his sister is a beta, so he didn't have anyone to help him through this week. Thankfully, Max offered to let Jordan stay with him and learn from more experienced omegas, and we couldn't be more grateful."
“I burned his grace. Not as effective of a demonstration as burning his vessel, but I doubt he could reconstitute while held by that collar and I don’t want him to die just yet.” Dean had dropped to the floor of his cell, desperately reaching through the bars for the seraph, but he turned furious green us up toward Michael at his words.
"A year after I got my provisional, which was last October, I can get my full license. I started kinda late, I guess, and I didn't take Driver's Ed as early as most of my friends."
"I figured it out. I may have sent some letters to my brother in the Northern Army."
"And in return she had five dresses commissioned for you, all too elegant to wear outside of court, that I will have to carry back."
"I didn't, not exactly. She hates teaching the class; she finds the entire subject distasteful and she was only roped into it when Metatron got the principal job a few years ago. She is of the opinion that sex-ed should be taught by female omegas only, that betas are above such things as they do not have the same urges, and I let her believe that I agree with her."
seven years ago to keep him safe from you, and I will do it again in a heartbeat.” Without any other warning than that, Cas rushed the archangel, slicing him across the chest and slamming the slat into his face on the backswing. Michael narrowed his eyes and grabbed the metal bar, jerking it out of Cas’s grip and throwing it across the room, his free hand wrapping around the angel collar again.
Gabriel stared into Max's brilliant purple eyes, focusing on the feeling of Raina's silky hair under his fingers and the warmth engulfing his other hand grounding him. He poked at that deep core of anger in his soul, the part of him that wanted to
Luci chuckled as they entered the room, dropping the overnight bag he and Mike were sharing on the floor. They were officially dating the sisters, but the relationships were still new and hadn't reached the
Crowley furrowed his eyebrows without opening his eyes, tightening his fingers on the porcelain cup. "I don't remember giving you permission to speak, omega."
Linda had warned the Celestial about her sons, about how they always insisted on ignoring the biological demands of their subgender until it became unbearable. His own twin hated the loss of control that heat brought on, so Balthazar was not unused to forcing an omega to take care of himself. He opened his mouth to send Alfie away as the brunette actually did moan, but Mshindi returned at that moment and caught his attention.
