“A criminal is dead, gentlemen. We did not kill him. Nor did we come prepared to kill him. Our
Fine. Death to commence in ten, nine, eight…
Molly ran to open the door. Before opening it she paused, turned back to look at them, smiling, and said, “Now, don’t say anything until you’ve heard me out. Promise?”
Daniel has made a variety of hors d’oeuvres and brought ingredients for fondue and several seventies cocktails. He hands John a drink he calls a Slow Screw. He and Sam are arguing: Stones vs Beatles. According to Daniel, you can’t be both. “Two worlds that exist in separate realities,” he says.
“Thank you, madam,” he said.
The eyes were no longer looking at him. “Seventeen fifty.”
“Then what I have to say tonight will not dismay you, I hope,” she replied. “You and Mycroft are my only heirs under the will drawn up when your father died. I am currently consulting with my solicitor to change that document.”
Sherlock opens his eyes. “The thing with the peas?”
And it could not be a lack of money that made the school so miserable. I had seen Mr Grimshaw and his daughters at church on Sundays. They were plump and finely dressed, their souls apparently safe from the temptations of sufficient food and a warm bed. We suffered because poor children must be threatened, not coddled. It was ironic that the poor, whom Jesus always reminded us were to be cared for, were treated as if poverty were a judgement on their souls.
“He was your teacher, you say. But being taught a skill is not the same as being skilled. Do you have practical experience?”
. But a blind date is not a crime. He’s just looking for a pleasant evening, maybe another date if the chemistry is good.”
John clears his throat. If he hears them saying rude things, he usually jumps into the fray, tells them off in a Captain Watson voice, his remarks including a lot of profanity. But this John Watson is different, and Sherlock doesn’t expect him to speak up. It’s fine. Sherlock doesn’t need a protector, though it’s nice to have one.
“Because they’re people, and I don’t particularly like people.”
For a long moment she gazed at me, and I fancied that it was love I saw in her eyes. Or admiration. She remained speechless, her blancmange untasted.
There is no reason why the man would have changed, but in the small differences Holmes reads the years since they’ve seen one another.
I say.
“Numbers,” said Chadwick. “This boy will make a fine businessman if he can just forget about poetry.” He then launched into a soul-killing oration about the uselessness of a university education.
I used to think Molly was jealous of me. She was in love with Sherlock and he barely noticed her, unless he needed something she could supply. Maybe she thought there was something between me and Sherlock, that we were lovers. We weren’t, but we were close, and we spent most of our time together. I guess a person could envy that. But love? No, Sherlock Holmes didn’t do love. He used me, too.
“My grandfather was her friend,” he says. “William Vernet. I’m named for him.”
. It’s the kind of thing he ridicules in others, the very thing he swore he would never do.
John could love him, he thinks. He can’t be sure; not a lot of words were said last night. Is it too soon? Maybe. It might be a beginning. An embryo with the potential to become… something. Maybe love.
“It would be best if he could just forget,” Mr Crawford says. “Just put it all behind him.”
Fake Jason vowed never to reveal where the real Jason was being held, emphasising his point with a poke towards Alex’s chest.
Philip was fascinated with my methods and followed me around, asking questions and making observations which showed considerable insight. Watson endeavoured to keep him out of my way, but I found that I did not mind his attention. I kept Watson occupied with minor tasks so that I could demonstrate the science of deduction to my young admirer.
“You’re here,” he said, pulling back a bit to make sure. “You came back.”
He shook his head. “He sees our faults and wishes to correct them; his own faults are not our concern. Our duty is to improve ourselves. It was wasteful to break a slate. I wasn’t paying attention.”
Falling in step beside him, I ask, “Where are you going?”
his handhold and hung upside down by his belt, like a fly caught in a spider’s web. Unfortunately he was on the wrong side of the fence.
When the evening meal was over, I was allowed to come down and sit with my peers for Bible study.
He isn’t used to John yet, doesn’t know if they will tolerate one another, but he wants that familiarity. Of course he wants the sex. He also wants to share breakfast with him, to sit with him in the evenings, reading or talking. He wants John beside him on every case. He wants to know everything about him. It’s a mystery how he can want that familiarity, and at the same time feel certain that he’ll never be bored by it. Familiarity tends to breed boredom, and eventually contempt. John will never be boring.
an updated version of the Charlie Chaplin classic. John was about six at the time. After that there were spots on sitcoms. At eleven, before his voice began to change, he was in a stage version of Les Miserables that received good reviews. Then the BBC remake of
Where did you get it, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“No. We should talk. I’m sorry. I should have called before coming. I didn’t think…”
My parents died when I was young, but not too young to remember them. My mother, always a frail woman, drew her last breath when I was four. Diphtheria, they said. I was not allowed to see her until she lay in her coffin. Her eyes were closed then, the eyes that were so similar to my own, her dark, curly hair shorn because of the fever. They had put an embroidered cap on her head, which seemed odd to my childish self. I reached for it, wanting her to take it off, since she had never before worn such a cap. She was my mother, but not.
At Cambridge I saw ghosts wearing gowns and mortarboards, hurrying to class. Every street teemed with the ghosts of children, which was expected considering the numbers who died each year. Many were victims of accidents, but most succumbed to diseases— smallpox, measles, whooping cough, diphtheria, infant diarrhoea. It was tragic to see daily evidence of the many young lives cut short, as John’s was, but I could already foresee the beginnings of the science that would end these deaths and many others. Death itself, however, would still stalk the earth, claiming victims. It was not my calling to create vaccines and antimicrobials; I was summoned by the dead themselves to understand the barrier that lay between them and us, the living.
The more he thinks, the worse he feels. He gets up from the bed and splashes his face with cold water, looks at himself in the mirror.
I move the shade and peer through a grimy window to where the alley should be. There are buildings nearby, none of them higher than a storey or two. There are no streetlights, only the moon. It doesn’t feel like London.
I learned the tricks of that trade so that I could discover what was genuine, if anything. I observed seances, talked to mediums and clairvoyants, people proficient in table-turning and automatic writing. Ninety percent of what I saw was fake, another nine percent less blatantly false, but vague enough that it might be thought inspired by something real.
He wouldn’t tell anyone. That was the very least he could do for John now, allow him the anonymity he wanted. There wouldn’t be any pub nights or emails or Christmas cards. They would go on being strangers, as they had always been. He was angry, but knew John must have had his reasons. Though frustrated that he hadn’t solved the puzzle of his disappearance, he was glad John was alive.
He thinks about his parents’ fights, how often they ended at the A&E, one or both of them bloody and bruised.
“Yes, I’m taking her to Pagani’s.” I took the ring box from my pocket and tossed to him.
‘All days are nights to see till I see thee
“I hate my aunt,” I told her once when I was being punished. “And my uncle says nothing, but lets her punish me unjustly.”
“Foolish.”
I took a train north to Hampstead. In my present guise, as a plumber, a cab would have looked extravagant. Fortunately, I had learned enough about plumbing to be convincing, and had the foresight to have turned down the water pressure into the house the night before. The staff ought to have noticed it by now, and would be trying to get someone to come look at it.
A few seconds passed before Mike replied. “I do know how you are, and that’s a pretty big admission for you to make. Thank you.”
I took little pleasure in the cases that came my way. If I refused a case, my brother would appear with some trivial matter for me to resolve, just to keep me from despair. He did not lecture me, thankfully, but kept a watchful eye on me.
When the hour is over, Greg turns to him. “How about a pint?”
“I’m aware,” he replies.
he thought.
Instead, he slept in a bedroom upstairs from Holmes last night. Slept well, in fact. Now he’s on a train, going to investigate a case. Things are happening. It’s unexpected and maybe even a little exciting.
Finally, after many night wakings, I divined what she wanted. Ghosts who have left someone behind generally want to convey a message to that person. In Flora’s case it was her mother. I went the next day and found the the elderly Mrs Buckle living in a small flat. Flora’s picture was on the wall, taken at about age sixteen, I guessed.
And that was how he became Alex Tribble, the best friend of Jason Bradford, an Earth boy.
“What demands?”
. That role led to him being cast in
I threw my cigar into the fireplace and took a swallow of port. “Will you let me show you?”
He’d imagined a future with her, and that was what kept him alive some days. It wasn’t a perfect marriage, but at least he had a family to return to, a wife and daughter. That brutally snatched away, he quickly succumbed to infection. He survived the bullet, and the letter almost killed him. He doesn’t know now why he loved her, or even if he did. She replaced him. She didn’t love him.
“How was it?”
Maybe John is a knight errant, too. But he dates women, and though he demonstrates chivalry in a way Sherlock has never mastered, he will undoubtedly find someone to marry one day. That is his biological imperative.
She blinks and does a little double-take. “Fine. I didn’t think you remembered.”
“What about you?” he asked. “Are you getting auditions?”
There was the time Lestrade found them at Angelo’s with a romantic candle on the table. He must have repeated this to everyone at Scotland Yard, because the next time John ran into Hopkins, she asked, “How’s your boyfriend?”
This time the Rosamund Club adjourned and left before any mothers could show up to take them home. I saw them out the front door.
He remembers the experiments in the camps. Things done in the name of science are sometimes barbarous. “No, thank you. I study myself, and will one day share with the world what I know. Now, I have to go away.”
Well, most couples have problems occasionally. There were times with Mary when he came too quickly, and she wasn’t interested after that. She was tired, and just wanted to sleep. Sometimes he thought that she was just letting him get off on her so he wouldn’t bug her or look elsewhere.
“And cake,” I said. “Lemon, with that fluffy icing.”
“You’ve been thinking about John, and it bothers you. You wonder why he would do something like that. We all knew him, and he wasn’t like that. People change, obviously, but it was unexpected.”
I could apologise, tell you that you weren’t a machine, that I know your heart was bigger than you let on. Sometimes I saw that side of you, and it always made me think how little other people knew about you. Maybe I’d tell you how much you meant to me, that you were the best man, the most human… human being that I’ve ever known, and that I’ll never believe that you were lying. I’d tell you that I was so lost, so alone, and I owe you so much… I don’t know if I can say all that to you, not now, but it’s what I feel.
There is no doubt; I am a selfish man. While I could easily send Watson away on some business, I wanted to be alone with him, to have a few happy memories. I knew that the confrontation with Moriarty, whenever it happened, would be deadly. Selfishly, I wanted him at my side.
At home, he liked to keep an eye on Dad, make sure he wasn’t about to start drunken raving and decide that John was doing something— spending his money, spying on him for the government, trying to have him put away. His paranoia made John a bit paranoid. He knew how to handle his father, most of the time, though he could remember Harry locking the two of them in the bedroom upstairs when Dad went on a rampage downstairs and started smashing things. They would wait, silently, until the rant ended.
Mycroft Holmes is a man who weighs risks and benefits. I can understand this, as long as I know where his limits lie. If it comes down to saving his brother or maintaining some sort of international balancing act, how willing would he be to sacrifice Sherlock? Would he call it
Michael pauses, the needle still in his hand. He doesn’t seem to have noticed that the drug is wearing off. “I’m not gay. I have a girlfriend.”
We talked until the sun was setting and we were called in to dinner. Watson had put on his best suit, I noted, and looked like a bright penny in a tray of dull antiques. The house was beautiful and traditional, its furnishings grand and dull, the servants dressed as they might have fifty years earlier. The Chadwicks were plain folk, for all their wealth. The dinner was heavy and underwhelming, meat drowned in gravy and plain boiled potatoes. The soup was thin and oily, and there was no salad.
“The lady was indiscreet, foolish enough to record her indiscretions,
is nothing to be ashamed of. I was afraid they might ask you my full name, though, and that you wouldn’t know it. For future reference, it’s
John giggles. “You have to wait.”
Sherlock muttered, “Or without—“
John is hungry; he hasn’t eaten much for the last week because there was a glitch with his pension being deposited. Tea and toast have been his go-to meal, alternating with noodles. He’s sure he looks awful, his skin grey and his eyes puffy.
He wakes in the morgue. A day, at least, has gone by, judging by the state of his healing body. It’s too soon to be moving; he needs to go into stasis, but it can’t be here. That would raise too many questions. At times like this, it’s handy to have an accomplice.
“We were doing well, I thought. When we met, he said he wasn’t really looking for a relationship. Then he kissed me. I wanted it. I wonder, though… maybe he’s regretting it.”
“Beg pardon?” Used to such rantings, Watson had gone back to his book. “Go where?”
In this, he and Sherlock are similar, but for different reasons. John has never formed any lasting friendships because he always had a wife and child to put first. Sherlock doesn’t have friends because he puts up walls against people like Sally Donovan. He’s been doing this a long time, John senses. He is honoured that those walls have come down, even a little, for him. He feels his own defences coming down as well.
I can hear feet ahead of me, scraping on the pavement. Or maybe it’s the sound of my own footsteps I hear, echoing off the buildings. I slow my steps, and the footsteps slow; I walk faster, and they speed up.
“A big boy like you ought to be able to dress himself, Master William,” she said. “And why must your curls be so wild? If only they would lie in ringlets, I’m sure you would look almost agreeable.”
Through Mycroft’s influence I gained admission to a good preparatory school, where I further improved myself, ultimately gaining entrance to Cambridge. I went to my brother’s house on holidays, but otherwise spent my time between my small room and the lab.
“Would I have-- you mean, if someone I loved came back from the dead, would I be angry?”
She said this because he was complaining about coming home from uni, telling her that since he would no doubt spend the entire holiday in his room, what difference would it make if he came back to the house where he grew up?
“Goodbye, Mycroft.”
When I opened my eyes, a child knelt before me. I guessed his age to be close to my own, perhaps a bit younger. He had pale hair that seemed to drift around his head like a halo and wide, blue eyes. His skin was very white. Holding out one ghostly hand, he touched my hair; the cold went through me again.
“You never told anyone.”
I had already read books about birds and flowers, and a book about the history of Yorkshire. There were no storybooks there, however, so I made do with these, and invented my own stories.
He was walking, finding his way between the tree trunks, which seemed to shut off every path to him. He felt closed in, almost suffocating, and the only sound he could hear was his own breathing.
“He’s an idiot,” I replied.
“He told us a great deal,” Holmes said. “We have a name, for one: Adam. The fact that he gave us a name means that he does know something, but he’s afraid, and only realised after saying it that it might not be good for Adam if we start asking him questions. In a school the size of Priory, there can’t be many boys by that name. We’ll see if there are any in Henry’s year. We’ll have to question a number of boys so we don’t draw attention to either Henry or Adam.”
“I hadn’t any idea what was happening,” Huxtable says. “Wilkes told me Henry had withdrawn from school for family reasons. I never spoke with his parents, thinking he had taken care of that. I was away when Adam disappeared, and Wilkes never called to let me know what was happening. I suppose he thought it would hurt the school’s reputation.” He sighs. “This is infinitely worse. What parent would trust us with their child now?”
, because they most definitely a
into the slot of his player.
“I was unlucky enough to be shot twice. First, in the shoulder, which has necessarily ended my medical career. Then I took a bullet in the back of my leg after Zion slung me over my horse. Bad luck for me; better luck for the horse, who was not hurt. Zion had to dig the bullet out. Less serious wound than the shoulder, so it should heal up.”
Afterwards, they pick up some Greek food. At the flat, they serve it onto plates— dolmades and pastitsio— and sit down to eat.
“But you’re telling me.”
“No, Inspector. You’re going to listen to what I have to tell you.”
? I’ve hated you since the day we met.”
gave up and continued. “The beginning is dull, people standing around and talking. The entire script is people sitting around drinking coffee, wondering what to do about Jason, who has obviously been kidnapped by aliens and replaced with an unconvincing double. This is… it’s all
He laughs. “Does it show?”
He smiles. It was pretty awesome, being a person who can do things like that in front of a room of strangers.
, flirtatiously. Technically, she’s his boss, managing partner of the small surgery where he has started to work two or three days a week. It’s a general practice, so they see a bit of everything— minor injuries, kids’ ailments, chronic conditions. And it’s a short train ride away from Baker Street, far enough to give him some space, close enough to get him home quickly in an emergency— or what passes for an emergency in Sherlock’s mind. It’s a nice job, absorbing, but not overwhelming.
I’m looking into the dairy case when I hear a familiar voice. It’s Molly Hooper. Well, it’s been a long time. Since the funeral, I’ve seen all the expected people, even Mycroft. But I haven’t seen Molly, and I’m just now thinking how strange that is.
Watson smiled sadly. “You know, I love you.”
“Where does she want to move?”
After a few weeks in my new home, I found myself in trouble once again. My group was studying the Bible. Mr Anders, the teacher of this youngest group, was reading aloud a passage of scripture in his thin voice, trying to inspire our awe with these words:
“Tell us about Greece,” Christopher says.
“But you won’t deny it.”
“I need to go to my flat,” he says. “It’s just… I can’t live in fear. I can’t…”
When exhaustion finally claims him, he’s standing in front of his brother’s house in Pall Mall. Though Mycroft is the last person he wants to see, he rings the bell.
He and Greg hugged, Greg accidentally said
“Weddings do not interest me. If anyone is murdered at the event, however, you may describe it to me, omitting all irrelevant details, of course.”
“Irene,” he said. “What’s wrong?”
For a moment Sherlock wondered if Mycroft was bugging the flat again. But the bacon did smell good, and he decided that it was all right. He hadn’t forgiven his brother yet, but he’d allow it for now. They would soon have a discussion long overdue.
“Not black,” John says.
Four years of
“Drowned?”
“You might steal the letters.”
His dyed hair looked a bit green, Sherlock thought. “You’re a swimmer, I see,” he said.
“Mike, I need you to do something for me, if you’re willing.”
“Yeah, she was. Left me for a man. I kept telling myself that I shouldn’t doubt her loyalty. Men used to look at her, and she sometimes noticed, but I really thought she’d committed to being a lesbian. Said she was done with men. And then, she wasn’t. Jesus.”
“How did I learn English?” he’d asked the director. “If I’ve just arrived on Earth, how would I know anything about its culture or languages? And wouldn’t it have taken me hundreds of years to reach this planet, considering that the nearest star with potentially habitable planets—“
“Each ejaculation contains approximately one hundred million sperm. How many times did you donate?”
When I knew him better, I asked him about ghosts. He said that there are some things in creation that we are not equipped to understand. If I saw things which science could not yet explain, that did not mean they were untrue. In every age, there are those who are gifted to see what others do not.
“I promised you,” he replied. “I will not marry; you have my complete loyalty.”
for Sherlock. He auditioned, and no one else was even considered for the role. It was a new television series about a Scotland Yard police inspector who begins working with a young genius to solve crimes. When he found out who was playing the inspector, he understood why he’d gotten a break. Greg Lestrade, who had played the young science teacher in
“And erotic, I hope.”
would condescend to state your case, perhaps I can advise you.”
“I’m not living with my mum anymore,” Ariel said. “She’s a bitch.”
A flash of something crossed Brook’s face.
“Ridiculous.” Recent events had made it clear to him that this wasn’t ridiculous at all, but he couldn’t say that to Mike.
His physiotherapist says,
The first lie John noticed was not the first lie. Of that, he was sure. When Lestrade said to him, “It’s amazing you’ve known each other so long,” he knew that there had been other lies already, laying a groundwork.
Sherlock smiles. “Get that, will you? Then come on up and see the flat.”
“You’re an idiot.” Sherlock says.
“Army doctor!” He’s out the door.
“I’m just saying…” I pause, drink down half of the beer I’ve been ignoring. “I’m saying that between the time I saw him fall and by the time I got there, someone had turned him on his back. And the direction he was pointed, his head towards the hospital—.”
“Good. Let’s keep it that way.” John rearranges them so they’re lying side by side. He puts his arms around Sherlock and kisses him again. “New normal.”
Greg nods. “I understand. Hopefully I’ll have a case for him soon. I know it’s been a dry spell.”
into… into
When they rehearsed, Brook did his lines. His acting was still amateur, but what Sherlock worried about was the creepy little remarks he made between takes, especially when the two of them were alone. He tried not to be the only one in the room with Brook, but the idiot was determined to follow him around like a baby duck. He’d already warned Irene, though, and she’d said not to worry.
“Oh, God, yes.” He reaches for John, who dances away, giggling. He’s seducing Sherlock, and enjoying himself tremendously. Sherlock loves this John, so sexy and playful. He hopes no one else notices the extraordinary man hidden beneath the boring jumpers and checked shirts and corduroy trousers. Red-pants John is his alone.
When he leaves, John says, “Is this a date?”
“Sleep,” I replied. “I need you alert tomorrow.”
He smiled and nodded, and the roar rose up again, engulfing him in emotion.
“Oh,” he says. “Yes. Of course.”
There never was a more difficult man to pick out a gift for than Sherlock Holmes, John reflected. Having made it through Christmas (special order silk shirts) and his birthday (dinner and concert tickets), his relief was short-lived when he remembered that Valentine’s Day was approaching.
“I stole it,” he says.
Mrs Hudson is here. She’s sitting in your chair, perched on the edge of the cushion as if you might come through the door. Then she will spring to her feet and yield the chair.
“You — you made me leave you, and I thought you were dead— but you haven’t died, and you never — never told me—” More sobbing.
I side-stepped, touching her mother’s work number.
Sherlock sighs and looks out the window. It’s starting to get dark, the street lights coming on. “I haven’t much experience in this… this kind of thing. Dating. Romance. But I’m willing to try.”
John was a child. He’d died, and become a ghost, not gone to Hell. “I don’t believe you. If I die, I might become a ghost. Then I will haunt people.”
All of this proved too much for Miss Morstan, who asked to be escorted home to await the outcome of our search. I sent her in a cab, restraining Watson from accompanying her.
Eventually, there is also Moriarty.
“Why?” I whisper this because I’m afraid. Whatever he says might be the last words I ever hear him say. He will say them and walk away. I have no idea how to stop that from happening.
“So many years,” I murmured as I finally packed up the contents of my flat.
“Will I…?”
“I’m not so picky, so please choose whatever you like.”
“What?” he said. “You all know I’m right!”
Suddenly John was embarrassed. How could a pair of sock compare with what Sherlock had made for him? However odd and quirky, the little anatomy book was perfect. It had required thought and time, and it was completely Sherlock.
The day is warm, and maybe even pleasant. He’s not in a mood to notice. His world is grey again, dull and desolate. In the park, he sits. Sweat cools on his neck and under his arms. He shivers. His hands are shaking. Not like when he returned from Afghanistan, a broken man with no future. He didn’t feel alive then; he had no purpose. A dead man, walking and talking and pretending it’s fine.
“On the contrary, I think you’re a very guarded person. But you don’t like that about yourself. You see it as a flaw.”
“I mean afterwards. Have you looked at the police report? Any witness statements?”
Inside, we visit Molly. She’s so happy to see him that she hugs him and can’t let go. He’s embarrassed, but also realises how much he owes her, so he lets her hang on and thanks her. Then she turns to me and gives me a hug too, whispering in my ear as she does:
And he would weep to see what had become of me. He would beg my forgiveness for leaving me, abandoning me for a woman, promise that he would nurse me back to health…
The choices he’s made in life have been about keeping himself right, not giving in to sentiment, which always disappoints, or love, which hurts. Alone has protected him.
“Yes, of course. Your task is to pick the lock and, once we are in his study, to open the safe. We will take the papers with us and destroy them later. Let’s get dressed now. We can save the masks until we are in his neighbourhood.”
“The people involved must not know there’s an investigation,” Sherlock concludes. “They’ll all clam up. The abuser will threaten, and anyone who knows something will be too frightened to come forward.”
“Why do you call me Sherlock?” Though it is my middle name, no one had ever called me anything but William, or Will.
Miss Garvey was younger and pretty, although quite freckled, with a manner that was both encouraging and a bit playful. She seemed to like me. I feared that she would not stand up to her charges, though, and if she did, that she would be let go.
He knows that I generally delete texts that begin with
Breakfast is normal; hair petting is not.
“But I’m not angry with
“You’re a minor,” I replied, neatly plucking the phone out of her hands and scrolling through her contacts. “And we do not wish to be accused of kidnapping you.”
Even though he has only a few conclusions, he works on an article recounting his longevity research. Eventually it becomes a book. He will not publish it yet, not until he’s ready to move on again. Already, he’s begun posing as William Vernet’s son, and soon he’ll have to become someone else.
At Baker Street, he sits in Watson’s chair and smirks at Holmes.
“He killed Adam,” Charles says. “He wouldn’t leave him alone. They never do. They think they’re better. They hate people who aren’t like them, and nobody stops them from the things they do. Nobody does anything.”
Charles remains silent, but the knife has moved away from the other boy’s throat. He nods. Holmes holds out his hand and the boy passes the knife over.
“But this is how it has to be. We’re going to work things out so we can both spend time with you.”
Watson notes the watch he wears. It looks expensive, but it might be a cheap knock-off for all he knows. In school Wilkes used to talk constantly about his father, who was a
Sherlock smiled encouragingly. “You’re doing fine.”
And then there was John, trying to figure out a new life. A handsome man, a disappointed man. A soldier, a doctor. A man who hadn’t flinched at anything Sherlock showed him, who hadn’t hesitated to kill to protect Sherlock. He is unprecedented, the exception to Sherlock’s disdain of romance.
Watson (
Mike lays his hand over mine. “Maybe not like that. You were together, though.”
Her mouth unbent into a smile. “I am pleased that you have decided to be sensible. Tonight I have invited the Ashton-Farbridges and their daughter Lenore. They have agreed to allow you to court her. You will sit with her and be charming.”
“I thought you were dead. It took me a long time, eighteen months, but I had decided I needed to move on with my life. I was trying to cobble together a future for myself because I didn’t think I could stand it any more. I’d moved out of Baker Street.
Since he’s returned to London, he’s watched his life descending into the rubbish heap once more. Holmes has just dropped a match on it. A flaming rubbish heap.
“Hey, Sherlock. I’ll be home tomorrow night, after work. Maybe we can talk then?”
he said.
I smirked. “The case we are currently working on is for one of the royal houses of Europe. I cannot reveal the client’s identity, but I will be paid well when I have fulfilled his charge to me.”
Sherlock had never made love to anyone before, and he was glad. He’d never wanted to with anyone else. Only John had ever made him feel this. It was perfect.
“I thought… he might wait.” Sherlock shakes his head. “But I couldn’t tell him— not and keep him safe, too. I’ll just have to get this done, and then see.”
John’s face did that thing, a hundred micro-expressions flitting across his features. Anger, sorrow, resolution. “Okay,” he said at last. “I’ll testify.”
Maybe he should have thought this out before the first date. He might have questioned John and planned the second date before the first was over.
My cousins did not have to wrestle me; I allowed myself to be led down a hallway that had always been locked before. Emma had a key which opened both the hallway door and the room itself.
He looks awkward, like he can’t figure out what to do with his hands. “Mycroft told me there was some trouble over my… body double. And the autopsy.”
Next point: the plot.
He concentrates. He was with Matt and his boyfriend, Christopher. They had two friends, and then other people arrived, and they introduced them. “I talked with a lot of people. I don’t remember all their names.”
“You’re a virgin?”
“Like you?” Watson sat in the chair opposite. “What exactly did she say?”
He was a good mimic, though, and used this to his advantage. This was how he’d learned to deal with people, to pretend he didn’t care. He did this until he’d forgotten that he did actually care.
I understand: this is a lucid dream; I can choose my own actions.
“Seemed fitting. We were engaged before you went to Afghanistan, married when you got out of hospital. We had our sex holiday in Greece, if your nurse asks. You loved Delphi. Navel of the world. And the villa in Corfu, well, I think don’t think we’ll ever forget that night. Do you need more detail?” He smirks, but Watson can see that his cheeks are glowing.
“Sherlock, it was obvious that boy adored you. And you— well, you were a very good actor, even then. You grew up together. It’s natural that you were affected today. And we all know you, so we understand that when you lose your temper, it’s because you’re upset. I wasn’t able to be at Molly’s party, but I heard that you left in quite a mood that night.”
Sherlock had made him a one-of-a-kind present that he’d never wear out or throw away. And he’d gotten Sherlock a pair of socks.
“My actions were reasonable, under the circumstances. And what did you do? Instead of doing what I bid you do, marrying that girl — what’s her name — and settling down in a medical practice, you go running off on some ill-considered scheme, getting shot at and fleeing for your life back to England. You are very lucky not to be dead. I would be quite annoyed if you were, after I took such pains to keep you out of harm’s way.”
“Right. What about Molly, though? If he’s as twisted as I think he is, she should be made aware.”
He doesn’t remember getting home that night. Two nights ago. Saturday, it was. He’s not sure he remembers much of Sunday, either, since he spent most of it recovering. This is Monday, the day he sees Ella and updates her on his progress.
It’s baffling, being so in love with Sherlock and not knowing him at all.
“You were brilliant,” John comments.
, Sherlock, and maybe he isn’t ready to hear it yet. But he will, and you need to be ready to explain it in a way that won’t make him feel like he doesn’t matter. You know John. He has a temper, but he also forgives. He loves you.”
“What are you saying, Holmes?”
He groans. Lestrade and Molly will want to know what happened as soon as they figure out that John has left. They’ll be nauseatingly sympathetic, tell him John wasn’t good enough for him— no, that’s not what they’ll say. They both like John and know he’s a good person.
My mind, so good at spinning out the worst possibilities, supplies the possibility that Mycroft will be the one sitting across from me, and that he will tell me bad news, that something has happened, unanticipated and unfortunate. He doesn’t want a scene, and has picked this restaurant and a private space to share that news with me.
) — this demands an unusually tolerant person.
“Yes. I haven’t seen any of the film, but it was brought to my attention. I’m so sorry, John.“
Watson’s eyes widened. “Indeed. Perhaps I will one day see that. I’d also like to see the photograph that’s worrying our client so much.
“Right. You said he’s a detective.”
There’s no point in denying it. Almost everyone who’s been to uni has lived in a small room with another person or at least a tiny flat with one loo. People with shit jobs share flats they can’t afford alone. It’s an experience most adults have had. “Sure. I’ve had roommates. I just prefer… to be alone.”
“But you… back in school… you… outed me. Why would you do that if—“
John looked up at him, his face full of something Sherlock never thought to see there.
“Now what?” John muttered.
“And might you be needing me at some future date to drag your heads out of your arses when you get stuck on another case?”
“Of course you did.”
is my mother. If you wish, however, I am amenable.”
John smiles. “Hi.” The word is completely inadequate for the situation. “I’m John Watson.”
That’s the moment where the final problem begins, the game you were so eager to win. If I keep going, it will end with you dead on the sidewalk, and I can’t go there. I rewind, go back to a day without phones buzzing. The two of us, sitting in comfortable silence, just before everything begins to fall apart.
The effect this had on me was dramatic. I imagined Watson climbing up the side of our house, entering through a window, finding me in bed…
“Did it help?”
“But you turned him down. You were embarrassed to explain about your leg.”
Through my tears, I smiled into Watson’s hair.
“No, I suppose it hasn’t. Perhaps it’s a clue?” His smile is guileless. “Come, Sherlock! You’re a genius— think about it. You have all the pieces, so solve it.”
. “Do you want me to get you something? Paracetamol? Tea?”
“Well,” John said. “I guess we can go home.” He coloured. “I mean, if you want—“
“Why does your sister hate me?”
Beyond this, she doesn’t have much to supply, and he is about to cut her off and move on to someone who might have noticed more, but he hesitates. He doesn’t normally waste time on distraught people because he’s rubbish at saying the right things, but John is here now. He would remind Sherlock that it’s not good to brush off people who are weeping, even if they have nothing substantive to contribute to the investigation. John could take over here, comforting her, so Sherlock can actually investigate. He has a good idea what happened, but will need to interview the other employees instead of listening to this woman repeating herself.
They walk together, and Holmes doesn’t speak. As they approach the door of the dormitory, Watson asks, “What’s the plan for today?”
Watson sat up, leaning forward. “Holmes, please don’t tell me you murdered someone just to see if you could—“
The events that brought him here are sort of blurry, probably an after-effect of the sedative. He has a vague memory of his attacker reciting poetry. No, that was afterwards. Sherlock, writing a poem. His hand on Watson’s cheek. He remembers that.
Watson threw me a look of despair.
you would have said. Maybe you would have gotten up and walked out of the church. And I would have grabbed your arm, urged you to stay.
“I know because I was there.”
“What temperature?”
He misses the Work, but what he misses most of all is
I will not deny that things had become better for me. The changes the trustees had made after the epidemic had been maintained, and we were much better fed and clothed. No one had died the winter after that, nor the next year. Ironically, the Reverend Grimshaw himself had died of influenza my last winter at Milford, and management of the school passed to kinder people, and though still poor, the school did not seek to make our lot any harder than it needed to be. My teachers had done their best to stimulate my intellect and give me books through which I was able to learn about the things that compelled me. When I left, my old tutor, Mr Andrews, gave me a pocket lens and said he hoped I would not think badly of my time at Milford.
Third point. John came home late more than once, giving no excuse or an obviously fake excuse. It hadn’t occurred to Sherlock that he might have been seeing a counsellor, but that’s probably what it was. He recalls how embarrassed John was of his limp and how he hated seeing Ella. When his limp disappeared, he called and cancelled his appointment, clearly relieved not to have to go through that. He hates talking about his problems, his feelings— it embarrasses him not to be whole, to need that kind of support. Of course he wouldn’t tell Sherlock.
“Not a bit.”
, he thought. Looking around the room, he wondered if he’d made a mistake flubbing the audition. Donovan had played small parts in several movies and had a recurring role as a judge on a drama series, Anderson had just finished touring with a musical biography of Adam Smith, Father of Modern Economics, and Molly was Gastro-Girl in a series of ads for digestive aids starring the Irregulars— Diarrhoea Dude, Nausea Ned, Connie Stipation… embarrassing, really. He’d done so much better than any of them, except maybe Lestrade, who’d already earned a modest reputation in several period dramas before he was cast in
You used a subject pronoun where an object pronoun was needed. You wouldn’t say,
The problem, as he defined it: While there was plenty of evidence suggesting that John had killed himself, it was going to be difficult to prove that he
“Yes. Thank you.” I removed my jacket and tossed it at him. “Help me undress.”
, you say
He rolls out of the scratchy sheets (doesn’t think of Sherlock’s high thread-count, Egyptian cotton sheets and satin pillowcases), has a quick wash using the hotel toiletries (nothing like the scent of Sherlock’s shampoo), and puts on the same clothes he wore yesterday, an emotional age ago. He pays his bill and checks out, begins to walk, thinking.
. Chiselled Abs lays a hand (attached to a muscular arm) on John’s shoulder, saying something, showing him— and then his other hand is on John’s abs—
“Thank you. For asking, I mean.” He thinks about how many times he’s made advances and heard that line from women. Sarah doesn’t seem to be taking it badly.
“Can I meet him?”
He’d grieved, thinking that the boy he’d loved was dead. He’d seen the death certificate, read a translation of the police report. He hadn’t seen the photos of the body, but the description in the report told him that he wouldn’t have learned much from them. Still, he’d lived with a mental image of John dead, his body hanging in a lonely place for weeks until he was discovered. Those pictures, even unseen, had sent him back to drugs.
It isn’t interesting. Painful to see the coffin, a bouquet of lilies laid on top.
He could not determine the height or weight of the man. Besides the dark eyes, he noted a badly-trimmed beard, wire-rimmed glasses, a wool cap pulled down to his eyebrows, and something else he couldn’t define.
In those sea-dark eyes, Sherlock can see those injuries and deaths, the ones he couldn’t save and the ones who went home with visible wounds, permanent disabilities. The wound that John Watson bears is more than a hole in his shoulder that means he’ll never do surgery again. It’s more than the halting walk that people pity. It’s the nightmares that deprive him of sleep and the days when he has nothing to do, no one to talk to, no purpose for being here, alive.
“Did the lady see you?”
“Has he asked you to marry him?”
“I would not know, never having received one.”
What happened after the curtain went down; lots of squishy cuddles; paparazzi; an interview with Mary Morstan; and a year later, some old ghosts.
Evenings with John are comfortable, even when they don’t talk. They are not men who talk a lot, and that suits Sherlock well. He suspects that it suits John, too.
They stop in at a nearby pub and take a corner table. John sends a text to Sherlock, estimating when he’ll be home. He tells him he ran into Greg and they’re having pint. He doesn’t mention the group, but thinks that tonight he should probably share with Sherlock that he’s seeing a counsellor and attending the group.
And then Asa Bellamy was there, magnetic and full of life. All his students worshipped him, and he befriended them. Even I, an awkward and asocial boy of seventeen years, had fallen under his spell.
She reached up and laid a manicured hand on his face. “Believe me, I understand how hard this is for you.”
Michael returns with two glasses, hands one to him. It’s not what he was drinking; it has a wedge of blood orange on a spear.
And why does a baby care if it’s blue or pink? It’s not as if wearing a pink onesie is going to make a boy gay. He remembers his grandmother telling him how in the Victorian era boys wore dresses until they were “breeched” and started wearing trousers. They even had their hair long, like girls. All babies were basically girls until the father decided they weren’t. It seems a strange thing that now women wear trousers as often as skirts, and nobody says this is crossing the gender line. Meanwhile, men have no choice. A man in a dress is something very different from a woman in trousers.
“Why not?”
. I shall never buy you one of those infernal typewriting machines, Watson, because I would go mad.
“We’ll see. Whatever you want, I’ll support you.” He stood behind, putting his hands on John’s waist. “I hate what he did to you.”
She holds his arm as they walk out of the hospital, nods goodbye to the woman at the desk and the guard standing near the door.
“Have you ever seen a ghost?” asked Charles.
he thinks. He’s not sure about John.
“Come inside,” she says.
, he corrected himself. A person could change over a few years— a lot.
“You’re such a romantic, Mycroft,” Sherlock says. “You’ll have us all weeping in a moment.”
“Fine.” She flops across the bed.
It was probably fine that he said this with more agitation than he had rehearsed. He shuddered, remembering Brook’s dead-eyed smile when he handed him the water. He could have been in an ambulance right now, heading for the hospital, if Irene hadn’t—
It was a beautiful moment. Everyone thought he was acting, but it was real; he could pretend John was his friend as long as John was Jason. He had some offers while he was doing the show, and might have turned down the contract when it was time to renew it, but he stayed because John stayed.
Mary wrote literary stuff, reflecting her own childhood of absorbing the Bronte sisters and Jane Austen. By the time they were married, she’d had two manuscripts returned. She was teaching school and writing in her spare time, demanding that John share the duties of home and child. He was in medical school, dead tired most of the time and in debt. By the time Rose was old enough to start school, she devoted herself to writing romance and doing it better than anyone had ever done. She would game the system, she said, following all the rules of the genre she had studied relentlessly, and write a romance so compelling that it would break out of the genre mould. In that way, she could begin to write the stories she really wanted to write.
Mycroft, of course. Sherlock hasn’t said a word about the blind date or anything else about John, but his insufferable brother has no doubt deduced it all. He will have looked up John’s service record, his credentials, and all the details of his marriage. He’s probably surveilling John right now as he walks the few blocks to Tesco.
He floated out the window then. I rose and stood looking out across the lawn, towards the wood where we so often played. His faint glow showed me where he was. I put on my clothing and shoes and went downstairs, leaving the house through the kitchen door and running towards the woods.
“That would appear to be a requirement of the profession,” I replied. “Focus, now. You are to accompany me attired in soft-soled shoes, dark clothing, and—“
“Killing yourself. I haven’t lost anyone to suicide, fortunately. I’ve known people who did that, though, and I saw what it did to the people close to them. I understood what he felt.”
The choice of footwear is another clue. The most fashionably dressed person may have worn shoes that tell a story. Carefully buffed shoes on a man in work clothes tell a different tale. The wear patterns tell him what work a person does. There are other clues, as well: ill-fitting shoes, cheap shoes, expensive shoes, orthopaedic shoes—
Before I could answer, a constable came to the door. “We have taken Watson’s statement. Would you like to interview him now?”
“What’s happened?”
He’s looking at Sherlock now, his mouth quirking into a smile. When Sherlock doesn’t reply, the smile disappears. “Sorry, I was only trying to help.”
Sherlock catches a cab and goes straight home. If John hasn’t picked up his things, he will wait. John will come, and Sherlock will apologise. They’ll talk. If he has to, he’ll even beg for another chance. He’ll tell John he’s been an idiot.
“He asked me to dance with him.”
“Nobody cares,” he was told. “It’s just a show on the telly. Kids don’t care why you speak English or how old you are. You’re an alien. Just follow the script.”
“You didn’t like him?”
seemed to be the operative word in this man’s life.
both of them vying for the mic
“He makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up, and experience has taught me not to ignore an intuition like that. I’d just like to know who he is, where he came from, and whether he’s a psychopath.”
It doesn’t matter. There’s nothing to say now; the break has been made.
“No, thank you, sir. Smoking is one vice I hope to avoid.”
Someday he will find it, the thing that keeps them from dying.
The Mitch Hedberg joke: "I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, 'Dude, you have to wait.'"
Often he’d thought of the fans as a necessary nuisance. He acted for himself, holding his performance as a thing he could shelve somewhere in his mind, as if in a gallery. He knew that audiences were necessary, just as writers need readers and visual artists need people to look at their work, but he hadn’t thought himself affected by what his audience felt, one way or the other. As the room began settling down, he realised how wrong he’d been. He might have gone into acting because it was fun and challenging, but he needed this. He loved it.
The light hurts, but he opens his eyes, sees another set of eyes, opalescent, studying him. He’s leaning over John, his mouth just a bit too close to Watson’s ear.
Tonight nothing will help. I want to be close to the loo, so I lie down on the sofa, propping myself up with extra pillows so I can breathe.
“Thank you.”
I do not trust either of the Holmes brothers to understand what
They eat, making occasional comments about the food. John doesn’t particularly like the salmon, which is dry, but eats every bite on his plate, then looks up and sees that Sherlock has eaten some of the risotto and about half of the fish. He wonders if there was something else on the menu he preferred, but decided to order the same as John to put him at ease. Maybe neither of them really enjoyed the food, which will undoubtedly cost as much as John receives weekly from the government.
“Daddy.”
Holmes wasn’t interested in team sports. He played violin in the orchestra. Though his talents were respected, he never had a team ready to back him up. That was why, Watson supposes, he made friends with people like Wilkes. Better to keep your enemies close, and remind them that you have the power to hurt them.
“I’m wearing a leather vest that’s begging people to murder me.”
They’re graduate students, they explain. Matt’s studying film-making and Christopher is in medical school, training at Barts. He seems a bit older than Matt, but it might just be that he’s more serious.
If this sounds very calculated, it is. But it grew out of a sentiment I had months ago. I was tired of pandemic, tired of politics, tired of remote teaching, and I just wanted to write something soft and sweet and johnlock. I must have started this story eleven times. The blind date scenario grabbed me, all the implications and complications of love-at-first-sight. But there was plenty of angst in my heart, and I guess it was inevitable that parts of this story would hurt.
Before he can fall into irretrievable sappiness, the bell rings. His heart speeds up in anticipation, but It’s too soon for John to be back. Travel time added to the necessary conversation John will have with Mary and his daughter— he estimates ninety minutes.
“You’re right about Harry. We don’t get on. A drinker, for sure. Getting a divorce for that reason, among others.”
“How do you know?” Watson growled.
“Indeed.” Philip fidgeted in his chair. “I sometimes don’t know what to do with this passion. I feel so much, but don’t know what it is that I want.”
An old man makes a shocking confession.
“Do you really think they knew?“
, and the man just shrugs and smiles at him.
Maybe he was right. People made assumptions, and Sherlock didn’t really care enough to correct them. Maybe John should just shrug it off.
John pulls him into the room. “This is the man,” he says to the guests. “Mike Stamford. He’s responsible for me and Sherlock.”
Lestrade sometimes came to consult with me on cases, as he used to, but it often seemed as if he was really checking on me. He would linger and talk, and once or twice asked me if I had heard from Watson. My reply was invariably negative. He would nod then, and say he was sure Watson would write soon. How could he not have heard by now that I was back in London, alive and resuming my practice?
“Oh god, Sherlock. Please tell me you haven’t called her.”
This Rosamund was quieter than the other three. She sat in John’s chair while I put thumbs in an acid bath. She didn’t even ask me why I was doing this. (It was to check how quickly fingerprints could be eroded by various acids.) She just sat there, texting. Presumably, she was communicating with the other three Rosamunds to let them know what had happened.
Can Watson forgive him?
Finally I let Mrs Hudson change the sheets on his bed and open the windows, airing the room out. All his things are in boxes now. It’s been over a year, after all. She suggests that I could take his bedroom, that she could call Mycroft about removing the boxes. When I say no, she just smiles sadly and pats my hand. “I understand, dear.”
“Do control yourself, Sherlock. I’m merely suggesting that it’s not a good practice to have clients living here.”
“Do you really think so? Next to you, I often feel like a bird of lesser plumage.”
We heard the downstairs door open and close, feet on the stairs, slowly ascending.
“I’m glad,” she replies. “It’s time you started living again.”
, but a
“But these,” said Philip, pointing to the unidentified prints. “Surely they are the prints of the actual thief, are they not? And since we have no match—“
“But it’s not an ending— at least for you it isn’t.”
Other passengers had looked up from their newspapers and phones when he spoke. If his face had won him his first roles, his voice had helped him get more serious roles. He’d even been asked to do voice roles. Though the last one he’d done was a jaguar, there were worse things than playing a cartoon cat.
It was not many days later that we received a call from the school Rosamund attends.
She frowns. “What, you think I threw out your stuff?”
He can’t tell if she’s surprised, pleased, or something else.
By the time they reach Baker Street, Watson is unconscious, unable to speak. Holmes carries him up the stairs and lays him in the bed; after cleaning and bandaging the wound, he covers him with plenty of blankets. The wound is already closing, but so much blood has been lost. It’s too late to force him to eat or drink, so the process will take longer.
Watson is bleeding out. Holmes lies to Lestrade, tells him the bullet grazed Watson’s belly, and that he’d better take him home and see to it. Watson is fading, his eyes dimming as he allows Holmes to lift him into the cab. The quantity of blood left behind on the floor of the old man’s house ought to tell Lestrade that it’s more than a scratch, but he’s too distracted to notice.
Holmes holds the bowl, feeds him one spoonful at a time. Once the soup is gone, Watson closes his eyes. “I love you,” he says.
“Should be. For holidays.”
He’s felt jealousy before. This can’t be that. He remembers someone flirting with a girl he’d fancied once, suddenly feeling proprietary, as if she were his. That same feeling flares up when he thinks of Holmes chatting up people in a bar, maybe flirting a bit to get them to talk. He’ll try to
Something in Watson’s gut sinks. It’s horrifying to think that he was giving off needy vibes in a room where at least two people could spot his neediness. Sherlock Holmes knew, and the man who was planning to kill him did, too.
Holmes is impatient. “Don’t you see? Moriarty must be like us. He died at Reichenbach, as I did, and he has returned.”
It was like suddenly realising he was on a planet, spinning through space at an impossible speed.
Holmes sits up. “Like a ‘
At the house, they stood and watched as I made my careful investigation. Instead of trying to read the story of what had happened, I was seeing the evidence through their eyes, assembling a story would fit the evidence and convince them that Watson hadn’t killed the blackmailer. The safe was completely empty, and there were no legible pages in the grate. Milverton’s bed had not been slept in; his body, already taken to the morgue, had been found wearing his day clothes.
“They say,” he began. Maybe such things shouldn’t be said, but he’d thought it over and over for the last nine years, and maybe he shouldn’t keep it to himself. John had told him,
A few lines of code. He made a mistake, the very mistake that gave Moriarty what he needed. I blame Mycroft for that.
He handed me a small box. Opening it, I saw my mother’s diamond ring winking back at me.
“Boring. From the time I started school, there was always another William in my class. And the other Williams were always neatly dressed, polite, and didn’t bring dead mice to school. I was always the
But the genius has left without his
John hugged her, told her he was sorry for worrying her. “You are an angel, Mrs Hudson. I don’t know how we deserve you.”
Sherlock went to Cambridge; John went to make movies— teen romances. Four silly meet-cutes, all popular with their target audience, none of them worth anything. He played Romeo in a touring production, guest-starred on popular series, appeared on talk telly to promote his latest projects.
“Agreed. Why do you think he and I were
Mycroft took two more biscuits. “She is a proud woman, and a very old-fashioned one. Very proper. Since our father’s death nearly twenty years ago, she has not taken off her mourning silks.”
), and finally, a penis looking longingly at what first appeared to be a starfish.
“Yeah, it’s a woman. I don’t think… well, maybe I don’t want to date her because I don’t want Bill and his wife in the middle of my… problems. My life. If I don’t like her—“ He sighs. “Or maybe I just don’t want…”
He’s not patient; he’s angry.
“They’re outside?” Silly question. Of course they knew where he and John would go. “Never mind. I suppose… we’ll have to…” He sighed. “Something.”
Before it becomes more than a soft acknowledgement of whatever is filling the moment, someone rings the front bell.
Lestrade shrugged. “You’re right. There are a lot of factors that go into casting, and talent isn’t always the one that tips the balance. I’m willing to bet that whoever they go with will be someone far inferior to you, in terms of skills. What I don’t get is this: why don’t you just
The solution of this interesting mystery gave me no joy. In my darkest moments, I wished that Moran’s bullet had found me. I kept the wax double to remind me that I still had a duty to find Watson and bring him home. I could not rest until I knew what had become of him.
“I took my degree for your sake, and to prove that I could do it. I will always be grateful to you for that. But I still don’t give a fig for anyone’s opinion of me, and I don’t intend to start a practice. I am your partner, and as long as you think well of me, I am content. Even so, I’m glad he won’t be blackmailing more people.”
“I might have.”
. The thing is, I don’t like letting people down, but it seems like that’s all I’ve done.” He feels tears welling up in his eyes and looks down at his hands. “We wrote to one another, and spoke on the phone while I was gone. I thought everything was going to work out. But then I got her letter, telling me that she’d been seeing someone. I’d been wounded, so I couldn’t even read it right away. When I finally did, I’d just learned the extent of my injuries, that they might make it impossible to practice surgery ever again. They sent me home and I stayed with her and Rosie for a while since I didn’t have anywhere else to go. But when I realised that she was still seeing this man she’d met, I just couldn’t do it anymore. What was the point? She’d obviously made a new life for herself, writing books, and I didn’t even have a job. I had a little money from my pension, so I just left, moved into a bedsit. Maybe I should have tried harder, but it was too painful. Didn’t seem worth it.”
I sulked. Who was that woman to have rejected me? I was a
I assume you are not happy.”
His own decision was that none of them were worthy of his notice. He would wait before bestowing his love on anyone.
He ignored the warning looks that Greg and Martha was giving him. “Our
“You will not find Greenwood as grand as it once was,” she told me. “The boundary no longer extends beyond the woods. Some of the trees died last winter and have had to be taken out. I’m having a greenhouse built there to make it less ugly.”
“You knew him?”
“She’s got an agenda.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Her character may have had a crush on Alex, but it goes a lot deeper. She’s written a kiss into the final scene— I’m going to have to kiss her!”
I can’t exist in this limbo much longer. I have to choose a path, up towards the dim daylight of the world without Sherlock Holmes, or down into the darkness.
“What is it, John? Just ask. I’m feeling magnanimous.”
Watson looked up from his novel and frowned. “I thought you were done with that case,” he said, smiling. “I’ve taken the liberty of writing it up in a little brochure I’ve given the somewhat fantastical title,
“When do pirates have holidays?”
Holmes gives Lestrade a severe look. “Male, mid-twenties to mid-thirties. Fish out of water, ill at ease, eager to talk to a friendly face. And
She shakes her head. “Dad’s loving legacy to us. Not good.” She sighs and slings her bag over her shoulder. “Well, no lectures. Just, if you want to talk, I’d like that. And if you’d like me to butt out—“
“Listen to this, Watson,” I said. “Tell me what you think.”
He has reason to hate Mary, but he doesn’t. He sympathises; having a stroppy teenager isn’t fun.
I want to ask him these things. He cares about his brother enough to interfere in his life, but I’m not sure I trust him to bring Sherlock home safely. Faking his death was Sherlock’s idea, I think, but Mycroft seems to have been ready and willing to go along with it. Is he using his brother for his own agenda, hunting down MI6 targets in Eastern Europe? Whose mission is this? I never really understood Mycroft’s involvement in the Moriarty problem; he gave the man information in return for— what?
“I don’t have any bruises.”
We waited outside the wrought-iron fence until the house lights had all been out for a half an hour before entering through the garden. It was not yet midnight. I had worked out that we should enter through the green house, which opened into the drawing room. From there, we could make our way into Milverton’s study, where the safe was. That room also had a door that opened out onto a veranda, which would be locked and too noisy to consider picking.
friends will be joining you for the series opener,” Morstan said.
“I hit him, Molly. I didn’t have any right— I shouldn’t have… but he was there, and he looked so… smug. Like it was nothing. My grief was nothing to him. I felt like a fool.
That lifetime is about to end. I nudge the muzzle of my gun against your cheek, a reminder that it’s still here.
Secondly: the manager.
“You’re Clara Stoddard,” he said.
We’re in a bunker. It’s night.
Holmes nods. “As we all do.”
He leaned toward me, pinning my arms, and ground down on me. For a moment I felt a flutter of panic, a loss of control. I tried to pull my arms free, but my boy held me firmly. Though he never had before, he was strong enough to do this, to overpower me, if he wished. Realising this was unexpectedly arousing.
Mycroft had instructed us to arrive early for Mummy’s dinner, before the other guests, so we made haste to change into our evening attire as soon as we returned to Baker Street. I asked Mrs Hudson’s boy to hail us a cab.
“You should have called me,” I continue. “I thought you didn’t want to see me again.”
Molly and Mike read their parts, discussing how odd Jason had been acting since he’d returned from Scotland. Sherlock noted that Mike seemed to be enjoying himself. For him this was just a lark; for Sherlock, it might have some career impact, but he didn’t see much choice. He was resigned, with many reservations about the entire thing.
“No,” he says. “Look at her hair— Oh!” He breaks off and stares into space.
Holmes sags, sits on the chair that’s next to the bed. “The word
While John was in Afghanistan, three more manuscripts were returned with nice rejection letters. She’d quit her teaching job and taken a job as a receptionist, reasoning that it would be less consuming of her time and energy. John admired her tenacity, but when he returned, he had too many of his own problems to fit into the ruthless order of her life and Rosie’s. And he resented it. When he needed her most, she didn’t have time for him, more or less told him to suck it up and get a job.
John is still clenching. Sherlock can feel the tension coming off of him in waves.
“When will you be back, officially?” I ask. “I assume there will be some sort of press release.”
So he drinks, just as his father did. Dad got into fights when he was drunk; otherwise, he was a quiet man. He saved junk because it was better to have junk than nothing. A windfall would slip through his fingers; he hoarded pennies and pounds. He was two men, really, the spender and the hoarder. He drank to deal with the perpetual row going on inside his head.
“It would mean a lot to him,” I say. “Thank you.”
“Oh, well.” His hands flutter nervously. “Actually, I’ve never faked a marriage before. Just IDs, letters of introduction, warrants. You’d be surprised the places you can get into with a fake ID stating you’re a trustee or on the board of directors. Those kind of credentials will open doors you didn’t even know existed. But you’re my first fake husband. Never thought I’d marry, but it’s going pretty well so far, wouldn’t you say?”
John was silent for a moment, his eyes closed. Years ago, Sherlock had known John’s face better than his own, every smile or frown, every nuance. Now he didn’t trust himself to guess what John was feeling.
“Your disguise was perfect,” he said. “Even I would not have known you with the white wig and whiskers. And the accent—”
“You didn’t drive me away.”
Before Clara could get to the revelation this was obviously leading up to, the back door of the gallery swung open with a bang, and a woman entered holding a flat box under her arm, probably another hideous collage.
“You said that each time they were killed differently. How do you know it’s one person doing it?”
“Why are you two still here?” Irene stood in the doorway, ready to leave. “I thought you would have been out of here like a shot.” She gave them each a hug, and then a playful shove. ”Go. Get out of here. You’re not twelve years old, boys. I think you can figure out where to take it from here.”
“Do you love her?”
First point. John called him his
“Yes,” he says. It’s an answer to everything— regret, grief, sorrow, love. It’s an apology for not seeing sooner, for the night at the Landmark, for his anger and cruel rejection of the man he has loved for years. “Kiss me.”
Sherlock jumped up from the table and disappeared. John heard drawers being opened and closed in the bedroom, Sherlock mumbling to himself. Then, “Ah!”
The envelope had been opened, I noted. Of course, it was addressed to my brother, and he had naturally read it. With trembling hands, I reached for it.
Over the next few days, he thought about what she’d said. It didn’t really surprise him that Martha Hudson had seen his affection for John, but Molly always seemed oblivious. He hated being so transparent that even she could see his feelings, not when he had worked so hard at being impervious to sentiment. Actors needed to be able to believably counterfeit all sorts of feelings. He didn’t identify with Alex Tribble, never had, but he was just a kid then, and nobody expects kids to be great actors.
Having slept little, he arrived early, torn between his eagerness to see the new script and his dread that it would introduce something even worse. He trusted Irene, but only to a point. She clearly had her own agenda for this
“Brilliant.” He doesn’t mean
A true
He’d heard Sherlock ridicule sentiment on many occasions. He particularly seemed to dislike Valentine’s Day, considering it a holiday made up by greeting card companies for the purpose of humiliating those who received none. In this, John read years of being overlooked by his classmates, and at least one occasion (probably) where he’d given a card and received none in return. Unrequited love is a hard lesson, especially for a school boy just discovering his orientation.
we would need two bedrooms, but we didn’t know one another well at that point. He might have been waiting to see if any people showed up at the flat to have sex with me before assuming I was available and interested.
“I was wrong, John. I did trust you, but I was afraid. The entire time I was gone, I thought about you, safe here in London. That was about the only thing that kept me going sometimes, knowing you were alive.”
He smiled and dimples happened. I melted.
“John is a lovely person,” she says. “I’m sure it wasn’t as bad as you’re thinking.”
“Okay?” he whispers. He feels John nod.
He did not say he
He leaves the door open, an escape route for whoever needs it, clears a spot on the floor and sits down.
. He has to look more doped out than he’s beginning to feel, but also keep Michael talking until he’s awake enough to fight back. The duct tape is a problem, but if he can move, he has a chance against his murderer. Would-be murderer. His resemblance to Holmes is superficial, the hair, the height. He lacks the awareness, the hyper-activity. And he’s thin, not in a lean, muscular way. Just skinny. Probably not used to fighting.
He shook his head. “My mother wanted me to return home. She hoped I would be a teacher at the village school. I will do that because she wished it.”
“You’re not upsetting me.” He’s filled the needle and is frowning at it. “Mine is the best because it’s poetic justice. Blood is just… messy.” He gives a small shudder.
Sherlock bent over and studied him. “You’re a doctor.”
“Thank you,” I said. “We’ll be sensible, you’ll see.”
A cab pulled to the kerb. In a continuation of the bad luck the entire day had brought, just as he got within reach of the door, another man came from behind and grabbed the door handle. “Sorry, mate,” he said, just before slamming the door.
“One of us might be getting a love interest next series.”
Mycroft ignores him, smiles at Watson. “I’ve asked Sherlock to look into an unpleasant matter for an old friend of mine whose son is at the Priory School. Perhaps it would interest you as well.”
At the flat, everything seems as usual, but quieter. Mrs Hudson knocks quietly when she comes up with soup or biscuits and doesn’t stay to chat long. John is sleeping more than his normal seven hours. Including all the little naps, he’s averaging nearly ten hours a day. This is expected, given the severity of his injuries.
John licked his lips. He imagined that those long alabaster limbs wrapped around him. That mouth, doing clever things with his— “Erm. Maybe you could show me?”
“It’s okay, John. I just thought I’d ask.”
He loves John’s laugh. It’s addictive.
John sighs and sinks down on the sofa beside him. “No, I’m sorry. You do have a right to ask, and I should have told you before.”
He glances down at his phone again.
John Watson’s daughter gave me an evil look. “She says she’s coming to get me. How could you give me up like that?” She glared at John. “And you— don’t you even want to know me?”
“And I’ve heard that some of your old
We raise our glasses. “To Sherlock.”
“No. He deduced it.” She laughs. “I guess it was the Christmas present.
When I look up, there he is. It’s a stupid disguise, a drawn-on moustache and a borrowed pair of glasses. Well, that’s just the kind of thing he might improvise, because
Sherlock himself has never considered that there might be a soulmate out there waiting for him to appear. The odds of finding a person who would love him for himself are infinitesimal. At best, he will spend his life loving people who leave him. Or avoiding love altogether.
“No problem. Is that the worst vice you can think of?”
“Good timing,” John says. “I’m assuming you’ve been meddling a bit to make sure they arrived together tonight.”
My first impression of Miss Adler was that she, like my mother, was intellectually gifted, not a woman to be taken lightly. Unlike my mother, she had a career of her own and was used to cleverly manipulating men, not bludgeoning them into obedience. Clearly our client had underestimated her.
Instead of rage, Moriarty’s reaction was to giggle. “Well, every fairy tale needs a good old-fashioned villain. We’re just alike, Sherlock, except I’m not boring. Just wait. You’ll see. I owe you a fall, and I always pay my debts.”
My Watson is a romantic, through and through, and that is never so clearly seen as when we have a lady client, a damsel in distress. A moist eye, a quivering voice, or a shaking hand all compel him to don his armour and ride to their rescue. He is sadly susceptible to feminine wiles, and fills his stories with this romantic nonsense. Fortunately, he finds them less interesting once they’ve been rescued.
Before he can begin to answer this question, his phone buzzes. Seeing who it is, he touches the
His own happiness is inconsequential, but sometimes it hurts to miss John so much. He doesn’t think about drugs any more though, and he doesn’t think about giving up. Love isn’t perfect, and it doesn’t make everything easier, but if it is true love, it endures.
He smiles sadly at Holmes. “True. You’ve always loved solving puzzles. I just wish— you hold yourself aloof, Holmes. Yes, you’ve done good things, brought justice. But what about
If this is a date, it’s the strangest one John has ever been on. He doesn’t know the rules for this situation. Is he supposed to text Sherlock, go looking for him, or just go home? He doesn’t have his address, his phone number, or any other way of finding him.
He arrives at Sherlock’s door with a duffel and a suitcase holding all of his earthly possessions. His old flat is paid up through the end of the month, but sleeping there another night is impossible. There is no question of another flat or a different flatmate; 221B is the only place he can imagine being now, and the madman living there is the only person he can imagine sharing space with. He’s a bit nervous, though; Sherlock offered, but he may have been joking. They haven’t discussed it.
“You had sexual experiences with him. Experiments.”
As we climbed the steep path, I found myself a bit short of breath.
is normal.
“It doesn’t matter.”
“I hadn’t planned on it,” he said. “Look, Rosamund, you can’t live here. It wouldn’t be a good environment for you.”
“You don’t know that. She may be marrying for love. And as you pointed out, a hundred a year isn’t enough to tempt a man.”
Sherlock pulls John towards him, his lips hovering over John’s. “There are other things we could do together.”
“You’re fourteen, and soon you’ll be making decisions about what you want to do with your life. When I was your age, I had two dreams: to be a doctor, and to join the army. I wanted to help people, save lives, and it seemed worth sacrificing time and money to do that. I joined the army because…” He pauses, not at all sure how to explain. “I joined because I wasn’t ready to have an easy life. I wanted adventure, to see other places and people, to do something that mattered. The war had been going on for years. I wanted to be part of that, to put myself in danger, to save lives…”
Sighing, I climbed into my own bed. Sleep would not come to me, however. I thought of Watson’s face, the hurt and anger there. Jealousy was a tricky thing to manage. Clearly I had gone too far, but I was sure Watson would eventually apologise and agree to stay.
“Well,” I said. “Perhaps I can visit you during holidays.”
when they enter the lab. A tall fellow with dark, curly hair is using a pipette to drop some liquid into a Petri dish. Hearing John’s voice, he looks up.
. He hopes she understands.
Returning to London was out of the question. If they knew I was alive, they might kill Watson. I must remain in hiding, hunt them down and kill them.
, she was quoted as saying.
“Well, in any case, you must agree: there can be no proof unless you attend the wedding and make your own observations. I will respond to Murray, saying we will both be present. And I will send them a gift from us.”
“I don’t know, John. It’s all— a lot right now. A lot with my book, a lot here at home.”
“Sherlock.” Molly’s got that look now, the
Maybe John Watson needs a knight errant.
“Sister.”
He’d sent the letter two weeks ago, but no reply had come. That might tell him everything he needed to know.
Another blog entry he’ll never write.
John is a doctor; he knows how muscles work. He doesn’t need a gym rat to explain it to him.
Sherlock wasn’t happy about him staying with Mary this weekend, so he’ll have to be honest about why he’s doing it. Once he’s got a schedule for seeing Rosie, it’ll be easier. They’ll talk when he’s back at Baker Street. When he’s home.
“I just told you that,” John says. “That’s why I started talking to him.”
When we met, we were both so young. Even then, I already knew that whatever feelings of love I might develop for another person, that person would be male. At my brother’s urging, I kept my preferences to myself. As you know, for an actor to come out as gay, even in these more liberal times, can mean the dwindling of his career. I believed my brother, and kept quiet about my feelings. This may have been good career advice, but it also caused me to feel ashamed. It separated me from my costars because I feared they might see what I was.
No wedding ring, he notes. Well, of course not. She wore it when he returned, but that was just to make it look like she wanted to reconcile. Mary never wants to be the bad guy. She made an effort for about a month, and then he realised it was all over.
I can’t sleep.
he thinks.
He closed his eyes and thought about all the changes there would be now. John and he might live together. They might need more privacy than Baker Street could give them, and though he’d grown to love the ordinariness of living here, he would see how John felt about it. What if John couldn’t get acting jobs? Would he want to do something else? He would ask Mike to keep his ears open for opportunities.
“I’m not Greg!“ John sputtered. “I’m John!
client.”
“He hasn’t said anything. It’s more in his attitude. He’s just… distant. We’ve had a couple fights, but I thought we’d reconciled. Fighting is normal, isn’t it?”
Matt gives him the address and his number. He enters the information in his phone, along with the date. Leaving the cafe, he feels like something has lifted from his shoulders. And he’s not limping.
“I’ll have some food sent over from Fortnum’s as well. I assume you will need more sustenance at some point.”
Watson chuckled. “I will be sure to do so.” He stood at the bay window, looking at the street. “And here is a lady now, clearly in need of some assistance. What do you think, Holmes?”
Putting on his jacket, he stops, frowning. “Didn’t you have a case last week? Sherlock said it was a two, at best. Tied him up for an evening.”
Sherlock frowns. “What did I miss?”
He leans back on the sofa, closes his eyes, and giggles. “You arrogant prick. I think you’re drunk. And you aren’t even wearing a shirt.”
His distress began when he realised that he was in love with Victor. He’d been drawn to boys before and had no doubt that he was gay. Mycroft had noticed too, and had warned him.
Victor took his punishment stoically, holding the broken slate, evidence of his crime, for several hours before he was allowed to come down.
And now, he wasn’t alone.
, but it shows effort, at least.
“No, no. It’s fine. It’s all fine. Were you, erm, recently in a relationship?”
“Your passion, Mr Hughes, is on an entirely different level from that of ordinary people. Mr Chadwick is a good man, but he is a conventional one. He has done a fine job providing you with an education, but he cannot understand a man like you. Or me.”
“I’m suggesting a therapist, but also a support group for newly-divorced men. It might help with some of what you’re going through. All of your adult life you’ve been a husband and father. Navigating new relationships, dealing with your ex, being a parent to your child— all of these are things you might benefit from talking about with other divorced men.”
my presence, for they began to descend, moving like shadows of the day-children who had inhabited the room just hours ago, sitting and reading as if their studies were not over and they needed to revise the day’s lessons. They did not look at me, but carried out their ghostly routine as if I were not there.
“No, I just mean… I should have come months ago and taken it off your hands.”
. It’s terrible.”
John rubs his eyes. He’s too tired for this shit, and fairly certain he won’t sleep a wink with Sherlock watching him. Nor will he ever get rid of him if he lets him stay here. “Fine, I’ll sleep at yours— in your other bedroom. But it’s not permanent.”
“Yes.” One word, a huge admission for John, who is even worse than Sherlock when it comes to understanding his own feelings. He’s probably spent years insisting that he’s not gay, not like that— and now he’s understood. But he thinks it’s too late, and that’s just not true.
The steel-grey eyes do not blink. “You have my word.”
“What’s… this is…?” He nods at the oven, where a pan of something is baking.
And then a face he knew. A headline nobody expected.
"Holmes,” he said at last. “Are we really to court these ladies? I confess, I have had some experience with women, but they were not, erm, ladies.”
, they call it. For a long time, Molly thought Sherlock was meant for her, and he wonders if she still thinks that. If so, she must be disappointed that they can’t be together. She must think herself unlucky.
No score there. He tries again. “Why are you so late? I didn’t know if you would even be here for dinner.”
“Yeah, well, my marriage is pretty much over. I don’t see any need to go over all that again.”
“What happened?” Watson asks him.
John still hadn’t tried kissing him, but decided maybe that should be next, before Sherlock beat him to it. It was a game, of course, but John didn’t like to lose.
“Oh, yes—
He holds out his hand, takes mine and draws me close. I can feel his warmth through the coat he wears, the shabby old thing he’s had since we first met. He’s a young man, warm and beautiful and alive.
“I have no arrangements,” he said. “I have nothing. I am skint, flat-broke, crippled, disgraced—”
The next time they walked into a crime scene, he grabbed Sherlock’s hand and held on. The detective gave him an odd look, but didn’t seem fazed. He borrowed his hand back from John in order to examine the body and poke around the scene.
“I thought… I didn’t deserve to see you, after treating you so badly that night.” He sighs. “Mycroft picked me up when I was on my way home from work the next day. He told me what you’d done, saving my life while risking your own. And he said I was to keep my distance from you. I couldn’t argue with him; he was right. After wishing you weren’t dead for nearly two years, my prayer was answered, and instead of doing what I’d always wished I’d done, I hit you. Repeatedly. He’s right; I’m not fit to be your friend.”
John snorts. “Just a joke. And now you’re doing that thing.”
“Always.”
“To John and Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson says, raising her glass. “Our detective and his doctor!”
She smiles mildly, without judgment. “You seem preoccupied.” Maybe they could program robots to do this job, giving encouraging nods, saying things that probe with a smile, timing the silence and breaking in with another question when it’s been long enough. Somebody could do that, he thinks.
