Sherlock wakes with a start. Barely half an hour has passed. It seemed like eons to him. When he shakes his head, his is half expecting wet curls to cover his eyes. He scans his surroundings, squinting to recognize the shapes in the faint light. Now that 221B is almost entirely empty of books, of experiments, of equipment of any kind, even of old case files, there is not that much to take in.
“Greg? Remember that time we held a baby-shower for Rosie and I was asking around about who brought-”
Sherlock hasn’t held the world in his hands before. He does now.
“-Sherlock, I don’t want pity either, you know” John’s voice is low.
“John.” Sherlock knows now. He knows what this is about and is ready to reassure. John can read him.
A fist pounds onto the rim of the sink -metal and hollow.
“Oh, hello little darling! Aw, Sherlock, she is lovely, look how she’s grown… Can I hold her?”
doing?”
“John”
It’s a struggle to keep his phone steady against his ear.
“Maybe…” he starts.
Her humming slows and slows and stops. And John combs and combs until she’s fallen asleep on his abdomen, little hands full with his shirt, her hold loose; trusting. He moves her to the little cot, elephant having never left her lap, and bends down, lips pressing over her clear forehead. He wishes he could write his love for her on a piece of paper only she could see, hidden inside her tiny head, right there at her soft forehead he hopes will never wrinkle with worry, and every time she doubted, every time they would fight, every time he would fail to be a good father, she could look in the mirror and see it and read it again and again until he was back by her side, showing her for real.
There is another thud, sharper than the last; a punch. And another. And another. A rapid series of them that ends in a crescendo.
“Alright, you two.” John says picking up the plushie from the floor.
“Don’t.” John’s lips purse.
Sherlock only nods and sits beside the bed, eyes fixed on the bundle inside it, hovering above Rosie without a care in the world for anything else. John breaks a giggle at the endearing behaviour. When Sherlock narrows his eyes at him inquisitively, John shakes his head with a smile.
“John-” Sherlock’s voice is drowned by yet another cry.
When they’re all done and out, he’s confronted by a constantly doting Mrs Hudson. Ah, it’s her day. How could he have forgotten? He owes her for Harry’s visit last week as well. Rosie can’t be deprived of her time with the closest thing she has for a granny either, her little hands are already grabbing at Mrs Hudson’s blouse already.
John stops and waits for Sherlock to walk in front of him so that he can take the seat against the wall, carving him enough space trough the commotion with the barrier of his body. Sherlock keeps both hands fastened in front of Honeybee, who is strapped on his chest again, as he carefully manages to fit in the tight space.
And last but not least:
“Yeah. Fuck, it’s
The disappointed hum is just so innocent and pure that John can’t stop a soft chuckle from escaping. Sherlock has overworked his mind with anxiety about such simple matters before. John, knowing him, lets him rest quietly as they watch Rosie play across the room. He can’t think, for the life of him, why would Sherlock react in such a strong way about the small penguin. It is usually far above him to worry about how someone or something should be appreciated and loved, or that’s just what John is used to expecting. Because now, Sherlock’s delicate fingers are clutching the little plushie tight as if holding on to life itself.
His next step brings them closer, elbows brushing, just like they used to. John doesn’t try to name what happened on the tube. He can only see Sherlock’s face, lost like a child, fearful, as John ran to him. And then Sherlock turning to him like a gentle flower towards light, reaching for contact, for warmth, for a safety net. John had gotten distracted, given in to worry, to rumination. He had forgotten how Sherlock had always been overwhelmed by the commonly overwhelming world, by his brain, by social contact. He had forgotten how he used to linger close just to soothe Sherlock, years back. How his own PTSD and Sherlock’s mind -running a hundred miles per hour- clicked and settled together. Found their peace. Their balance. Pieces of a puzzle. Halves of a whole.
Sherlock tries to look away, lest he reveals too much, but John’s gaze keeps him in place, taming the frightened side of him.
John meets his gaze and Sherlock’s lips part in surprise. There’s wonder in his eyes and John feels it prickly inside his stomach. Giddiness? Hope? Anticipation? He straightens, raising on his knees. He bows his head, humble in supplication, gaze fixed on Sherlock’s long, freezing fingers. He almost stops just to affectionately rebuke him of this, that he should keep them under his blanket and near the fire.
She didn’t ask for an explanation, so he kept talking, momentary freer than before, zoned out, lost in memory, in the way innocence played through Sherlock’s drilling blue gaze.
“Harry, I’m not fucking Dad!” He struggles to keep his voice even.
John stifles the thoughts saying he was the only reason she couldn’t sleep. Because he wasn’t good enough. He knows it’s not true. He repeats it silently until he believes it a fraction, his head turning to other pressing matters. Matters making his stomach burn.
Sherlock is with him. Sherlock thinks- no, believes this is right. Sherlock must be right.
When he tiptoes back to the kitchen, he has managed not to rage on the towels. At least. The sight greeting him makes him stop short. There’s no one there. He takes a few more steps and… there they are. He almost breaks into a purely affectionate smile -like the ones he gives them after work- before remembering what has transpired. John stands there, baffled.
Sherlock cheeks light up with colour.
(See the end of the chapter for
There is a certain amount of novelty to the world John wakes up to today. A world where he has felt Sherlock’s lips against his own. A world seeming devoid of any sadness. One where Sherlock doesn’t mind getting involved.
John has been up for a while now. He could hear him, as he lay on his back in the middle of his bed, eyes glued to the white of the ceiling; the clang of a pan, whisking, water boiling. What was he up to on a… -
“So…” Sherlock can imagine her animating her words with gestures as she speaks. John’s will be still; one framing the side of his face with index and thumb, the other a fist on his lap. Harry’s voice, when neutral, is not unpleasant. It almost seems like a higher version of John’s voice in its softer tones. “I believe there has been a number of misunderstandings between us, John. I am genuinely worried about you. Since Mary died, and since that scandal in December…”
“Course you can. But you’re still drinking this”. John sieves the bitter orange liquid. Maybe orange juice is the east wind. Sherlock’s tongue is already retreating further into his mouth.
. Right. His madman is up to something; has decided, and all John needs to do is wait.
There is more at stake in this than John will ever know.
“Mmm?”
If John does not regret it by morning. If he meant it. Sherlock is doubting what happened even a mere moment ago. John could not really have asked him if he wanted…
“John, if I may ask…” Sherlock’s voice trails off.
“Oh, John.” Ella is smiling.
family. That he could make Harry see that no,
Again, that knowing look. The same one as when she saw him dancing alone, almost three years ago. When she saw him give the best man’s speech. When she saw him return from John’s house, the day Molly told him John would rather see anyone, anyone but him.
Honeybee again stops babbling when she sees her father; but does not pout this time. She is holding her elephant tight in her arms. John reaches to brush her curls away from her face, and she pushes the elephant against his arm. Sherlock stays still, as if careful not to scare a feral cat and her kit when they are trying to accept each other again after being contaminated with human contact.
They looked more. Their eyes had shaken off their previous, elaborate dances of chasing each other and yet shying away at the very last moment, of pretending not to notice each other’s movements. Sherlock could now feel John’s gaze on him. When he made tea, when he handed Honeybee her stuffed elephant, when he opened his laptop, when he was eating. At first, he would fight the urge to jolt. He would momentarily stop whatever he was doing, alert to correct anything that had earned him the attention, to protect himself from the chastising that was bound his way. No such thing every happened. John’s gaze blew over him like the caress of a breeze and then drifted away. Sherlock felt almost as if this was part of John checking his surroundings. He imagined him thinking
Two eyes, shining towards him through darkness.
his mind wishes it means, the voice in his head smiling and tender.
John blinks, bombarded. Ella never had been the talkative kind of therapist. He glances at Sherlock and finds a hesitant smirk over his features -although, it might be directed to Rosie at the moment; she’s unfolding from his tight embrace like a sunflower. ‘Right.’ John is the one to take this on then. Of course. Isn’t he the father? ‘Oh, shit.’
John takes the duvet over Sherlock’s shoulders with a gentle hand. It doesn’t really make a difference; Sherlock doesn’t reach for it or grip it tight. John folds it lower, taking in Sherlock’s skeleton form, only in his too big now striped pyjamas. He makes sure the tray is secure and sighs, heart aching.
A high-pitched whine.
Getting ready to start another devastatingly desperate day.
The knife falls.
Sherlock does not need to know the time. His very skin crawls and prickles with the memory of anticipation. With the memory of his excited heartbeat and clammy palms, at just the sight of him. Just the sight. His transport always was a traitor. What use are an elevated pulse and sweaty hands now -assuming they ever were of any use at all. His legs are tangled in the sheets, and for a moment he is not strong enough to pull his body free, as if caught up in flesh-hungry ropes, coiled, restraining. He kicks and tosses, and at last sits up in bed with a soft grunt. His eyes strain to focus, and then simply close against the rising dizziness. Another wave, and it will pass;
Sherlock’s gaze is unfocused. John’s fingers brush over his palm like flower petals once more. He extends it forward yet again. Trusting.
“There.” He rests the tray on the empty side of the bed. It takes him a moment to realise Sherlock will not sit up on his own. Will not eat on his own. Will not get through this -whatever it is- on his own.
The birds wait until his fingers are but inches away from grasping the, from touching their soft, trembling chest, reaching, reaching… and then they screech in fright and beat their wings and fly away in a cloud of feathers, frail and colourless. The ground beneath his feet grumbles and shifts. Sherlock falls to his knees, to the sound of nearby clatter, and the sound of smashing glass. He, the child he, screams and covers his head as another part collapses, bricks and cement and wood splinters crashing down over him. Another wing is crumbling.
“Look.” Greg starts, taking a breath, hands at his waist, thumbs under his beltloops. “I just had to say… if you are doing – what I think you’re doing.” A meaningful glance cast his way.
“What?”
about family.
John nods. Sherlock has forgotten a trembling left hand at his side. John takes it in his. Feels his pulse with two fingers at his wrist.
“I don’t understand” Sherlock blurts out. The words are too slow, or maybe too fast, jumbled up with the rest of the trapped thoughts struggling over his knot of a tongue.
They fall into a companionable silence again, the songs and judging continuing in front of them undisturbed, images flashing and flicking through the screen in various colours with red in the lead as the show’s logo, reflected on the wallpaper, making it seem burned. They are shifting closer together and by the end of the night, knees and shoulders so close to brushing... Only a single pillow stuck between their hips as if to keep up appearances.
“Yeah.”
“I’m listening.”
“That’s a good start, John-”
John’s lungs expand and this time, well trained and soothed, they actually bring in air for him to breathe.
“Oh. Thank you” John gives him one of his rare, warm smiles, the smiles that Sherlock used to wish were only for him.
hates it. So he is the one to change it.
popped into John’s head but he pushed them forcefully away. It was a discussion many times ran through and better left to be concluded on a later date.
Sherlock sucks in a breath. Slowly straightens out, rubs his eyes as if he were drowsy. His neck is burning. But when he looks up, John is in the kitchen with his back to him, rummaging into a cupboard - standing
Ella raises two inquisitive eyebrows.
“So”, Sherlock croaks in echo.
John hums, considers this a little.
Naturally, Sherlock had been treated well during his withdrawal period. Mycroft had seen to that. No matter if John resented his decision to let them all manhandle the sleuth for three long weeks, he could not argue that Sherlock had moved back to an empty Baker Street in an as good as expected state. Cracked bones could take a double while to heal due to the strain on his body during withdrawal but John hadn’t expected -and hadn’t realised- that his best friend would force his way through his transport with no care if there was need for immobility.
The folds of the covers stretch and then fall back down in separated increments. John blocks all other thoughts, his mind screeching to a halt, alarms blaring. Something is off. Terribly so. He tries not to panic, observes the breathing coming from the bundle of bedsheets and blankets. Sherlock is shaking, shivering, just breathing?
“Sherlock. Me. Him. I mean like… I can’t-” His eyes well up. He can’t. He wants to. But he can’t. There’s a knot on his tongue, not letting him say it. Not aloud. Not to anyone. Certainly not Sherlock. Or maybe only Sherlock?
Lying there, with a swarm of IVs latched on his arms like flies, his head dense as a swamp, Sherlock would wonder if John watched the news too. If he thought of him. And if he did, which version of him was he seeing. He would wonder why John did not come to see him -just like no one else did, until he was released in January. And he would wonder why still he caught himself hoping that the next time the door opened it wouldn’t be more derisive, faceless personnel. That this, time, just this once, it would be John… He was as hopeless as an abandoned dog waiting for his human behind the door. Because his human was his life and purpose. Because his human wouldn’t leave him.
Queen. Little else would ever betray John Watson other than dear old Freddie. Throw Bowie into the mix with this song and you’re all set. The battle starts between the two contestants and John’s jaw clenches. It’s a cover of the original, cutting up the pauses between verses to match the competition’s time limit. Still, John’s body twitches with the need to shake and dance and even maybe –just maybe- sing to the rhythm he knows so well.
It is Sherlock that does the lingering the next time. Hovering close to John’s shoulder when John is washing the dishes.
But tonight. Tonight, he’d bridge the gap, climb the wall, reach. He’d accept the care, and the duty, and the failure. He’d accept what John needed him to be and do so with his head held high.
“Try some? For me?” He offers after a while, prompting Sherlock to munch on his favourite biscuits along with a cup of tea, as careful as if trying to feed a small bird. Usually, it didn’t take much.
“Now. Get out. Of
“Oh!”
Sherlock is it.
-'to defenestrate' means to throw someone out of a window. And yes it is a rather bitter/cynical reference to the Moftiss comment on Tumblr during that Q&A. They said Sherlock was the kind of person who would throw a baby out of the window.
would stop. Because it has been
He is standing in a hall. Three walls are still left standing, but the wallpaper is torn and hanging off them, tattered. The spiral staircase with the wooden, carved banister ascends to nowhere; the ceiling has collapsed, and he can see the crumbled walls of the floor above. There is no roof above him, but no sky either. It’s dark, and whatever light reaches eerily from above is white, hospital-like. He looks and looks, the muscles of his neck straining and sore, but the more he does the more his eyes travel aimlessly upwards without finding beginning or end.
“Okay, then”, John hummed, when the last carton had been cleared away, leftovers in the fridge or microwave.
There’s a stunned little silence. The calm before a storm. A deep breath, leaving Sherlock’s parted lips. John is about to turn around. Turn around and leave. Run upstairs and hide in his pillow. Because this isn’t a yes. It can’t be. It’s near impossible to be. Yet, Sherlock turns his way again, tall and proud and a little unsure of himself but there, willing.
Reaching, even if he had no idea how. Maybe, reaching by aching, reaching by pushing Sherlock away. In retrospect, Sherlock can see him, can see them; like two prisoners in twin cells, scratching at the walls in despair to be heard by the other.
The prospect alone makes Sherlock dizzy. ‘He’d have me back, you think?’, he dares wonder, treacherously enough. But thankfully there is no reply to continue that dangerous line of thought. He should appreciate what he already has anyway. He has quite a lot. And there is comfort to be found even in the way things are now; a comfort in the realization that as long as John stays, the wakes will have a chance to be broken, the pauses started again, the darkness a reason to be resisted.
“Those.” Sherlock points at a post-it note on the mirror.
“It’s Harry.” She grumbles, still startled from Sherlock’s sudden appearance, averting her gaze from him.
Enjoy! Comments and kudos and everything feeds us! We love you and please pop by on tumblr if you'd like too! ;)
“No. Anything but!” John huffs, pressing his eyes for a moment, pushing back tears.
There is no oxygen left in the air around them.
“He’s a junkie!”
His breaths were quick, and wet. He pretended to wash up in the kitchen. Last night’s dishes.
It had taken them a while to reconnect. He had stopped coming after- after Rosie’s mother died. When he needed this most. He had stopped. She knew him. As well as can be expected. He had only opened up more of himself after Rosie’s birth. He felt safe then. For a while. He had a child. A family. He could let himself heal. But it all came to a screeching halt. When her mother left them. Tried to escape her fate. On her own.
. Not talking doesn’t work. Not seeing doesn’t work. Today
“So… how are you?”
Thank you to everyone who has left kudos and bookmarked this story!
“Gah…” John turns the other way under his blankets trying to shove the voices away.
“Med kit”
And he’s gone.
“Ah, yes, don’t worry about it, John. It’s you that did all the work after all.” She smiles, encouraging.
“Thanks.”
John is abandoning him. Leaving him. All over again. Just when they’d gotten so close. Reached so far.
And first in the list, is of course, his little problem.
. . .
“How…” His voice but a hoarse whisper, trapped. “How can you let me? How can you let me touch you?”
“Oot. Oot.”
John doesn’t want to intervene. As much as he tries to avoid -and he doesn’t even want to try- there is affection rising in him. Affection at what this man will put himself through just to make sure of Rosie’s wellbeing. The always energetic, when upset or anxious, Sherlock has lied there, still, to help a sick toddler sleep. It feels too perfect a moment to break. He has seen him help Rosie sleep like that before but now his expression is simply too open. Strained by worry but overflowing with love as well. ‘Oh, Sherlock…’ They are both lucky to have him…
this is not true, for
He shudders. And he knows then that John does not remember about that handful of nights. And that if he does, there is nothing of importance in the memory to him.
Sherlock nods.
He waits for Sherlock to push his plate away. A known signal by now that if he eats anymore, he might be sick. They don’t talk about that. Not yet. John has, once, with Sherlock’s doctor. He was a mess then but he remembers how conversation about it, at the exact point Sherlock tries to fight it, can be triggering. Sherlock has talked with his doctor too, of course, and by mutual unspoken agreement they haven’t breached it between them yet. John wants to leave him time.
“I am not going anywhere.”
Sherlock raises the plushie in front of his face, wiggling its small wings. Cautious, hesitant, shy even. Rosie is thoroughly enjoying herself. She grabs it to her chest, squeezes it tight, makes Sherlock gasp with hope and throws it away again. Sherlock freezes, his chin wrinkling as he tries to calm himself down from his devastated state. Alarm bells go off in John’s mind. Time to troubleshoot. His hyperventilating detective is malfunctioning and in much need of help.
“No, thank you!” Sherlock sing-songs and John manages not to spill everything down on the carpet.
A cling of a teacup on the table.
‘Yes.’
“Difficult morning, huh?” He kneels down to look at her. “I know, sweetheart, I know.”
“Adopted?” Chloe asks, voice tentative. She’s not taking notes.
He allows his daughter to be cared for by a woman who John has failed repeatedly. His thoughts stray. Back to a time when his inability to face her, to call her -even for a goodbye- made her believe he thought nothing of her. But that was so not true. It was just that... Sherlock had... left... He shakes his head. Blocks the dark path his mind was forging. Who hasn’t he failed nowadays, anyway? He’s got nothing left to lose on that front.
“Got to go now, but just for a little bit, yeah?”
Honeybee giggles. The moment is broken. She runs to hug his legs, both arms thrown around his knees.
“It wasn’t- isn’t that simple. It never is.”
that this is not a problem, Harry. This was
He’s frozen on the spot.
The pieces stop falling. They’re frozen in time.
“Yes. That sounds good. Just to be sure. Yes.”
“What time is it?”, he asks in a hushed, gravelly voice.
But he still sees John hurrying away from him, from them, shaking, curled in on himself, his fists clenched tight enough to be only bony knuckles, milky flesh. His left hand trembles.
Sherlock lay awake, but this time, the void was not after him, although it could easily be. He was confused, and from all the questions, what he needed answered the most, was why.
“Originally, Alaskan Malamutes were used to transport goods, haul heavy loads with sleds.” Sherlock starts with a small, supposedly exasperated, sigh. Rosie rests her cheek on John’s chest and watches as Sherlock’s hands come to life, gesturing along to help her understand. “That’s why nowadays, they are known as sled dogs. They have huge amounts of stamina, they don’t tire easily and they are accustomed to a cold climate, to snow, bad weather. Their breed is arctic after all.”
”, he looks down, heavy with shame, an ocean of pain inside him. He feels cool fingers brush his trembling left hand, and holds back tight. The only raft to keep him from drowning. And then he’s numb. Defeated.
“John, please. Tea is the only beverage I can still freely enjoy.”
John’s breaths are huffs of humid air. He can’t control himself, coming down from the high of intense panic, of mental asphyxiation, of revelation upon revelation. Because of course he could pretend to be confident about all of this in the light of day, in his best moods, but not now. Not now. Now he needs… this. Exactly this. He just needs Sherlock. And Sherlock is here. Giving John all he needs.
“I just…” He opts for honesty. “I was afraid.”
John sniffs, his lips twisting into a grimace. “It’s shit anyway”
“All well?” John breathes.
“It’s- I… wanted to.”
Sherlock’s gaze clears for a moment. Genuine interest popping up. John guides his palm to stretch a bit more.
“Fancy a walk?”, John asks her, catching her little palm in his hand and giving it a kiss. She mumbles and nods what seems to be quite a sure yes.
anticipate. It was a why about himself, not about Sherlock. A why that kept nagging him, teasing him at the corners of his vision. A why that grew bigger every day his nightmares lessened. Every day he sat in the kitchen with Sherlock long before dawn; looking.
It wasn’t some valiant effort to save a friend. Neither John’s oh-so-caring-and-protective nature. It was a damned DVD left there by his dead wife. A message to send Sherlock to his death. Because maybe she wanted to finish what she started. Because she never truly believed in John Watson. Not like Sherlock Holmes continues to irrationally do beyond all hope.
“Um…”
“We shouldn’t let it fill too much. So, she can feel the bottom, even sit down on it without the water getting above her belly. She’ll-” The words get swallowed down by the water’s gurgle.
Sherlock doesn’t know what else to do. Somehow, he knows that no fact, no logically sound reasoning, no scientific proof will ease the turmoil in John. But there is not much else he can offer. He can keep trying to be what John used to be for him,
John watches as he gets up and settles Rosie with an extra blanket at her small portable bed they kept in the living room. He goes to stand beside him, stiff and remorseful.
“Did not like it?” he whispers, testing the waters.
John widens his eyes in surprise. She always pushes the food forward in one way or another as if she didn’t have it all planned already, but she rarely suggests to... she has stopped meddling this way for years now...
“It’s okay, Rosie. It is going to be okay. We will take care of you”
“We can’t just-”
“Maybe he lives in an apartment with a secret door.” John continues to nudge, hopeful. “Hiding all the treasures he steals behind it. A cave of hard steal no one could get into.”
“Yes, so she can feel she has a home now.” He rushes.
“I missed
? The belief. In each other. Only John hadn’t believed. John had given up. He was a poor excuse of a man beating up his best and only true friend. Or whatever they were.
“You okay?”
“Hardly. You look terrible”, he clumsily retorts, clinging onto his pride. Onto logic itself. What the hell was he
“She’s only 22 months, though. That shouldn’t be bothersome for you.” Chloe always addresses both of them, but doesn’t press Sherlock to join in.
‘You shouldn’t be doing that’
“I’m glad you do now.” John manages in a tight whisper.
John emerges, more dishevelled than before, but with a Tupperware of Rosie’s food in one hand and her spoon in the other.
“Booboo, booboo” She giggles to the rhythm of his heart.
He got upstairs instead. Shivering. Tucking himself under heaps of blankets. Rosie fast asleep for over an hour now. He got his phone out, bit his lip.
It settles, slowly. The quiet. The promise. Something has shifted.
“Sherlock?” John tries.
Honeybee pushes the finished drawing towards him. He peers more closely at it. “I like your choice of secondary hues. They really bring out the baby pink”, he praises.
When they step in, Sherlock turns around, blocking John the entrance to the stairs and removes his scarf, slow fingers curling over wool, shaping patterns invisible to the eye but ones John would like to watch forever. Sherlock drags the scarf over his neck, pale skin slowly revealed, John’s eyes transfixed by a bobbing Adam’s apple. He offers it back.
He nods, again.
He doesn’t want to try either. Not if Sherlock doesn’t follow. There couldn’t be a home without him.
‘Damn it, what did I do? What did I do?’
Today… he didn’t bother with proprieties. With what’s allowed. What’s expected. He doesn’t know about tomorrow, but today… He’s been free.
John does never want to let go. But of course, there comes a moment when they have to. There comes a moment when John has to give up this warmth, this feeling he’s like in a bee hive and there is honey dripping all around him, all over him. So he steps back. He lets go. But he hopes… dares to hope… it’s not going to be for long…
It’s the man calling his name again.
, he thinks as he collapses into the tears. Not now… Not ever…
“Yes. Of course. All fine”
They manage to stand up, one way or another. Sherlock’s shoulders hunched. John’s aching. One silken belt from Sherlock’s dressing gown suffering an accidental removal. John offers it and Sherlock takes it without a word.
“Of course.” Sherlock grins.
“On the last day of September.”
Sherlock falls silent. John’s worry seeps through his bones faster than any torrent of cold. Whatever illusion of his strength or ability to help fades.
John is stuck with him. Always stuck with him. Only this time… This time he’s stuck with the husk of a man. A pitiful automaton of a man. And he does not even know it.
The pool of milky siren venom drained to the back of his neck, flowed down his spinal cord, dissipated slowly as it entered the flow of his limbs. His vision cleared, his ears became unblocked, his throat opened, voice springing free with a small cough to clear the silence away. There was a numbness left behind still, but it resembled fatigue, like when he was climbing to the top that apple tree when he was seven. His muscles were boiling with it, but the sensation was not immediate, kept instead at the back of his mind, a constant low droning.
‘Git.’
Sherlock stands, as carefully as he can with Honeybee latched onto his legs. John calls her over to him and she teeters her way there, squealing. For some moments, he’s at a loss as to what he should do and is left standing there, much like a hopeless scarecrow. Until muscle memory kicks in.
“Yes, yes, she does.” John all but beams.
John finds himself distracted by the deep tone and soothing, logical intonation. It reminds him of the old Sherlock. A Sherlock that would stop mid-stream and explain his deductions patiently. But now finds himself at a loss, taking a double take, hurting his neck.
silly. Or has stopped being, anyway”, she huffs.
“Good?” Confusion.
“Thank you, Rosie”, he whispers, and holds her with both arms around her little body, frail and marshmallow-soft where it is not all bony and angle-y -on the kicking machines of her elbows and knees. Her hair, tight little curls that have grown longer to frame her face, have the same colour John’s used to have. And when he breathes in them, he can smell baby-powder and shampoo, beside her unique baby-scent; something sweet and yet a little tangy-savoury all at once, like a whimsical little fruit. Wild strawberry, maybe. Or mango. He knows there’s a storm brewing here too, beneath the quiet. A storm altogether different, but just as demanding. She’s growing. She understands, and she feels. The world around her she absorbs like a water-hungry sapling. And she needs. She needs stability, and safety. She needs her father. The longing for him, his smile, his praise, his time, his embrace, it almost makes Sherlock’s arms numb every time he holds her. The longing for a father who is drowning, in the same room as her, sinking, away from her reach without her being able to grasp him, to grasp why.
know for the second. John sees hollowed cheeks and bruised arms, needle marks and broken veins. He sees death by the doorstep and fire on the path to it. He sees blue eyes sparkling with red. Trembling fingers ghosting over the flames. Smoke and bits of wood marring dishevelled darkness of curls.
For some reason, the corners of his lips curl up. The light coming in slowly from the window registering as surprisingly pleasant. God, he sounds like Sherlock in his head. He feels like him even. Calculating, waiting for an alarm, considering plans for the day -first time in forever that’s happened.
“What are you up to, Honeybee?”
“Overstep?” He pronounces every sound slowly.
Sherlock’s eyes and lips both quiver. Just so. John can hear his soft, panted laughter in his head, his dismissive comment. Can see him turning away, covering his wounds anew and locking John out again.
“Sherlock... I don’t want you to leave -bloody hell, it’s your home”
were. Both of them. Pushing each other out of darker thoughts and paths. Back and forth. Back and forth.
‘Mhmm…’
“Nah. Don’t think it would.”
He backs up, sits on his bed and keeps hushing her with tender whispers. How could Harry think she could ever separate them? No. No, no, John is not leaving Rosie’s side again. He will not abandon her like her mother did so eagerly and thoughtlessly, as if she does not matter.
John wants to. Sitting beside him, he wants to run a finger over those lines, understand their architecture and strength and grace. Instead, he speaks.
Diffusion: The net movement of units of a substance from areas of higher concentration to areas of lower concentration of that substance
He winces; staying silent.
221B is sleeping. Honeybee is asleep in her cot upstairs, for a much-needed afternoon nap. Sherlock is curled up on the couch, dressing gown thrown over him as a blanket, dozing off with the baby monitor beside the pillow under his head. He is stuffed as much as he can be with Mrs. Hudson’s roast. She does not cook for them on an everyday basis -far from it- but often shares afternoon tea with him when John comes home late, and sometimes helps with the cooking at lunchtime to give him more time if Rosie is being a little stroppy, or when she is being particularly energetic -like she was today.
“Permanently.”
“Good. That’s good then. You’re both doing well” She says that in that way of hers that lets him know she doesn’t wholly believe him.
“Greg?”, John persists. Sherlock is not sure why.
“Mm? Oh, yes.” Sherlock breathes. John resists the urge to reach and check his pulse.
Leaning to the nearby corner building, John presses a palm to his face. He forgot about the fight. Shit.
He glanced at her, confused.
She claps in agreement as he demonstrates, placing his palms by his head like elephant ears and waves them softly, as the massive creatures do to fend off flies. Then she mimics the movement and laughs.
“Okay. Sherlock, I will help you sit up then, alright?” Again, there is no reply. John hesitates.
Sherlock was stranded. Entirely. He had not been here before. Or rather. He had. A flash of memory woke in his mind.
Kitchen always the chosen laboratory for both activities. ‘Regrettably.’
“Until I loved them.” He adds, bitterly.
“I’m worried about him.”
John stops, panting. “Sherlock I…”
John’s phone vibrates in his jean pocket. He bids his goodbye to the worried mother persisting her son had pneumonia; to the point John had to mention he had served in the army for her to believe him and pull rank to reassure her.
His legs guide him to the kitchen again. To Sherlock. John knows he won’t be smiling now… He knows. Because no matter what, he always loses it all. One mistake and it’s all gone. One. Single. Misstep…
Marsh: An area of soft, wet or periodically inundated land, generally treeless and usually characterized by grasses and other low growth.
hadn’t even asked about her own child all the way back to London. Not until John had brought it up. Startling her out of whatever else she might be planning. With something as mundane as bedtime stories. She had looked so startled. So out of place.
“Afraid or traumatised?”
“Good.”
To see the few things he saw on Harry tonight, he had to wreck his brain, scratch it raw, squeeze and squeeze and squeeze it until his vision was swimming with the effort to read, read,
“Sherlock.”
There is no gap now. No fence. Sherlock’s clouds go up and burst and dissipate like bubbles.
Sherlock is sinking. From within. Water is flooding his ears, his nostrils, his mouth. His lungs are stiff with it, his limbs fumbling, powerless to push him to the surface. He is trapped, bound to sink because he can’t let go, can’t let anything go; the same walls he built to keep himself safe the chains that bind him to the seafloor, the deep-blue abyss spreading beneath his feet. He needs to breathe. He can’t breathe, he’s choking, choking on his own heartbeat. He needs to force air out of his lungs, out, out,
“Sorry.” Sherlock plays with his glass, turning it round and round, gaze fixed on the rim, stained with the shape of his lips. “Tired.”
John brings his phone up as an excuse.
John leans forward in his chair, eyes kind and intent on his friend’s.
Silence. Sherlock’s fingers play frantically over his ribs as he curls into himself more. John decides not to comment or rebuke the posture, quenching his worries about Sherlock’s ribs for now.
John watches as Sherlock’s lips part, chin hanging for a moment and then trembling in an attempt to close. His lower lip juts out in a tiny pout before he regains his composure and reaches his arms to Rosie as John raises her towards him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s good! I’ll know what to use when she’s difficult at bed-time again”
“She communicated how she felt about it with you. Honestly. Openly.”
“Now…” he begins, very, very seriously, as he sits on the carpet by the little flower. “Where shall we begin?”
“Hm. I saw Sarah today. She sends greetings”
He nodded again, dismissively, not sure he could speak.
“Tell her.”
They discuss about his program for now and at the end, as always, she asks if there is something more he wants to put into words. He hesitates, contemplating.
Sherlock freezes on the spot, his eyes locking with the little girl’s.
“I don’t want to be part of a broken family anymore, Johnny” Her voice is weary, tormented. Sherlock’s ears strain to discern the deceit -is there any? John exhales a sharp puff of air. His back straightens, shoulders drawing back. He won’t pick a fight. Yet.
“There, I’ve got you.”
“Time and careful planning. Never put yourself through too much at once. Take a step back, you can spread everything out as much as you need to. And if planning is too much, if you are overthinking, I’m right here. Sherlock is there too. You can ask for help.”
“Lestrade!”
John shakes his head vigorously, but Sherlock puts up a hand.
His back against a wall. Tapestry thin and waned. Resting. He needs only ask. Little words whispered. He wishes to not ask. He wants to plea. Because it is fitting. For a man of darkly auburn curls. For a man in command of the ocean that pushes him forward. His own man. Stroppy and pouty as well as steady and soft. Spring’s wind. Changeable.
“Oh god, no, don’t encourage her”, John exclaims, his eyebrows shooting up. He looks genuinely horrified, but then his eyes are crinkling.
He can see understanding in Sherlock’s eyes. He can see peace. He can see trust. He hopes he deserves it.
“So?”
“There you are, little love. There you are. How are we?”
She looks doubtful for some moments, trying to pry her fingers away from Honeybee’s mouth. “Has he been doing better? You know… With…”
“I couldn’t ask for forgiveness. I couldn’t and shouldn’t expect it. I could never forgive myself either. If I asked and you offered it… Freely. I would hate myself all the more.”
Sherlock wants to crouch away. He's failed him. Oh god he has failed him, it's obvious now, John is-
“You weren’t even at her baptism.”
3. Also, for anyone that might try this without having done CBT before: There are countless of sources online on how to do this mental exercise properly. We are no experts and the best advice we can give from personal experience is to learn how to do it first -educate yourself- and please, don't leave it incomplete like we did here for purely literally purposes. DO the positive thinking as well!
Now is not then, but there are some things now which they did not have then. Things Sherlock would not change for the world. Honeybee. John's silver hair. And forgiveness.
Sherlock is becoming his very own moon, binding the caprice of the tide inside him, guiding the waters to push, pull, find a rhythm, turn into waves, breathe.
Sherlock is in withdrawal for a drug he’s never had.
“Rosie will not leave my side. Ever again.” He spits in an almost snarl.
“Who else should?
In what world is John so, so lucky?
my, my those chapters are getting longer :P how do we manage to follow our decision not to cut important scenes but end up with clifhangers anyway?
It drifts back to the few times his breathing had been joined by a deeper, steadier one. The times he and John had shared a room, or a bed, for a case outside of London. Times counted in the fingers of one hand. All of them times he’d fallen asleep to the lulling comfort of John’s body being so close to his own. Criminals and serial killers might be ruling the world, for all he knew, but in the darkness of the spaces they had shared then, Sherlock had felt safe; as if he were a child huddled in the illusion of the impenetrability of its tent against the vastness of the forest. All these times ended too fast.
Oh, my... It has been a hell of a week with this chapter. We ended up crying and fangirling over our boys. We're so proud of them!!
“She hasn’t been out amongst many new people for a while.” And John made the mistake of bringing them through the tube.
Honeybee calls for him again. He puts his phone away.
He wasn’t the only one. Sherlock didn’t look at him that day either. But John wouldn’t blame him. He had every right to close off. The oh-so-noble doctor had beaten him to pulp three weeks before. How could anyone be expected to open up after that?
‘No!’ he wants to shout. ‘I’m not!’ Yet, it remains. His own body not following his mind. Not objecting. Not feeling.
“You didn’t.” He objects with a low voice, looking up at the image of a man that is travelling.
It dawns on him. “You’re angry?”
“Talk to me.”
“Yes, of course, John.”
“Only too much.” John leans back, resting his head against the cushions.
‘How?’ John’s at a loss.
The smile blooms a little more. Hopeful.
He screams. Or he thinks he does. And the fire becomes transparent, faded in a highly lit white space around him. The cold air of the British capital hits him in the face and his body crawls from wall against wall, fighting to reach his ultimate destination that should have been his first after work. Home.
The words stuck. Deep. Twisting in his chest. It hurt. His shoulders fell, but he kept a straight face; glaring. Brow a dark line over his eyes, jaw clenching. He turned to the sink, plates falling from his numb hands in the semi-cold water. His fingers managed to curl on the cold edge; tight. What had he done?
He gets up. No time for it. He’s anxious enough to see Sherlock and check on Rosie already. His body is a live wire. The bed creaks and he almost freezes, reflexes mandating he shouldn’t make his wakefulness known. It only takes a moment to snap out of it, follow his routine, casually stepping into the bathroom… but it has him aching for bliss.
‘As if that could ever happen…’ He thinks bitterly and breathes. Again… One more time.
“Hungry, are you, little girl?”
And now.
“The captain said, ‘It will never, never do.’”
“John.”
“What?”
Rosie interrupted them, reaching for Sherlock’s silken lapels. She quite liked the fabric. John would say it was her favourite. He wondered how it would seem to an outsider if he bought her silken bedsheets, so she would sleep better. They’ll probably think of the riches he was hiding.
“Don’t worry about it.” Sherlock’s lips curved to a tiny smile.
Who travelled the world to find the woman John should love.
No. Today
Every step is a milestone. Each one bringing them closer to their target. John’s feet hit the pavement with determination now. Sherlock supports his rhythm with his own. Polished shoes and long feet interchanging, seamless over grey stone.
He looks around; it's not dusk or dawn, night or day. It's somewhere indefinite, in-between, but the light is enough to twinkle on the shimmering, rolling hilltops of the little waves. There is no shore visible, and the water is a deep, aquamarine blue, the depths unfolding endlessly beneath him, layers upon layers -and yet he does not feel threatened.
“How was Rosie?”, John asks.
“Is he drinking again?”
We're absolutely delighted people have been commenting throughout the past week and we'd love for you to enjoy this -no matter the tears- and leave us a word, a sentence, a paragraph, two or three, good or bad, anything that grabbed your attention, we're here for it! (if you want to)
Sherlock’s entire world has flipped on its head. For ten hours, 47 minutes and 34 seconds, and no one has so far snatched this from him; everything he thought he knew was
John smiles at that. “Get her to you, obviously”.
“What else worries you?”
With a grunt into the microphone, he opens his lips to talk. Harry cackles, interrupting him.
Both their heads snap to take in a very disgruntled Mrs. Hudson looking at them from the kitchen door, a hand on her hips, Honeybee's pink elephant danging from the other, her eyes wide with incredulity.
He was lost again. He blinks, glances down at his bare neck. Shakes his head.
Harry turns to the side with slow movements, trying to face the object threatening her dominant stance as discreet as she can be, but Sherlock has already walked to his armchair by the fireplace, John’s side of the room, silk waving behind him as he easily flops on it, hands forming a triangle under his chin in intense contemplation.
Well. He had managed ten days, hadn’t he? Why couldn’t he manage more? He could surely try.
A set of legs steps in John’s field of vision and he jerks his head up to face the small woman approaching them. Her smile is kind and her eyes are bright, flickering from him to Sherlock and lingering to the little bundle Rosie appears to have become in Sherlock’s arms. John stands, shoulders straight, back tight, stance protective. Her hair is smoothed back in a ponytail but are not entirely compliant with her wishes, tufts escaping unruly here and there.
See you next Thursday!
“You do not have to decide now. You do not have to decide… ever, really. You can just forget this ever happened if you want, I just needed to let you know. Just once”
“Oh. Lovely”, John says after a small pause. Sherlock moves on to washing the second bowl.
“Yes, John?”
They nod. They’ll have to discuss what all that means first. The two of them.
He rationalises then that it is better to keep away, decides that John is better off without further intervening from him. If he wanted help, companionship, anything, John would have reached out; Sherlock is there, day in, day out, waiting. For him John to, it must mean there is nothing here worth reaching out to. And so Sherlock’s waiting is aimless, his presence unnecessary. The currency conferred to his life is rendered empty. At least, what he can do, is try not to make things worse another time. Every signal reads
“Course. Course it is”
The voice was disembodied, an echo distant from him, heard like he does not truly
“Yes.” He replies carefully.
“Shit.”
“She… Fuck’s sake, I can’t. I can’t, I need to… I…”
John winks and begins to swim through the current of tables and people towards the till. Sherlock is left blinking after him -until Honeybee bites his finger a little harder and he realizes that she is quite the hungry baby bird.
Sherlock had held John’s hand before. When they had fled from the police, the days where Moriarty’s web was closing in around them. When he had tried to make John stop pulling at his own hair and hitting his head, that night when he had been drunk, a few days ago. John had held his hand too; in handshakes, the first and last. Last being when he had turned his hand palm up, and pulled his coat sleeve up to reveal the track-marks blotching his papery skin.
The edges of Sherlock’s lips drop. He remembers a younger, chubbier teenager, sneaking into his room, remembers hushed whispering. “You have to help me, Sherlock”. Mummy and Daddy were asleep, so they had to be careful. They must not upset Mummy. He sees Mycroft climbing onto his bed, them huddling together in the small space. Sherlock was maybe seven, then. Mycroft was fourteen. “I have a secret, Sherlock, but I can only tell you. You mustn’t tell Mummy”. There was urgency and fear in brother’s words, always, so he looked at him wide-eyed, and waited. Every time his brother would hurry down the corridor and slip into his room at night, he listened. He listened to how Mummy was not pleased with Mycroft’s grades, to Mycroft’s plans. “Mummy said I should be a lawyer, said I have the mind for it”. He listened to Mycroft’s stories from public school, to how the classes were, to how his classmates were. He listened when Mycroft told him, his breaths catching and his face red with the audacity of saying such a thing out loud, that if he were to be into anyone he would be into boys, “but don’t tell Mummy, she will be very angry, please!”. That was in 1987. Before Redbeard left. Before Mycroft started to think he was stupid. He thinks back at Mycroft’s nervousness, Mycroft’s trust. Their warm bodies cuddled in the dark, and him fitting into his brother’s embrace, his brother’s heart against his ear, Mycroft murmuring into his hair. Sometimes, if Sherlock could not sleep, he would tell him stories. Sherlock never told Mummy. He remembers hugging Mycroft tight and telling him that it was okay, and that he loved him. He wonders if there would be someone with his brother now, reading Mycroft’s texts over his shoulder “I’m not lonely”, his brother had said, after all. Sherlock sees that someone rolling his eyes or grinning at the little brother’s nuisance of a text, as Mycroft would sigh and shake his head, murmuring “The price I have to pay”.
“But... I...” He is decidedly unsure.
“I let her sleep without it. I put it in the washing machine this morning. After you called me.” Control. He needs to have control. Regain control.
John snaps out of it with a delayed startle. He shifts in his chair to mask his surprise and incredulity. Sherlock is there. Bursting in just like that. His old self again. Yet John saw it. A flicker of Sherlock’s uncertainty. John read it subconsciously, maybe he observed, maybe he deduced, all in his mind, calculated and built in a unique fashion after all these years to be the only person that can read Sherlock Holmes just so. Nobody else would notice. Harry most certainly hasn’t.
“Just… Yeah”, John had said, quickly, taking a step back.
Now an interesting collection of pink shapes has been assorted, accentuated by some blues and purples, dots and lines. He smiles. Waits for her to finish with her creative frenzy and address him.
“John”
His heart began to beat faster.
There was a void where his vocal chords should be.
‘It was all my whole life on your lips’
“My parents were a mess”, he dismisses in a heartbeat and gets up, stretching his back.
With increasing awareness of his surroundings comes the realisation that the anchoring weight of another body lies beside his own. A breathing slow and deep surrounds him. It is so familiar that he can picture the rise and fall of the chest it belongs to.
“I didn’t have a stubborn toddler running around my feet, if that’s what you mean.” Her tone bitter. John refuses to acknowledge any genuine concern. Her wording is just unimaginable. “And if I did, I’d trust my family with her and focused on getting better.”
Honeybee is a different matter. They haven’t talked about it, but Sherlock can tell that the relationship with her is a sore point for John. He tries, and yet often gets rejected, pouted at, ignored. Progress may be slow, but still it is progress. Like a few nights ago. Her offering her elephant is a sure sign of trust.
“You know we are just two people?” Sherlock takes a hesitant step inside the room, elegant fingers blushing over a barstool chair.
They find it behind an old box for aftershave in one of the cupboards. Neither have any idea of how it ended up there but now everything is secured at the higher medicine cabinet as always. Sherlock goes to rest alone for a while and John goes back to Rosie, who apparently soothed by the quiet, has been attempting to finish her food. He smiles at her and she responds in kind before focusing on her little spoon again.
“The big ship sank to the bottom of the sea.” Their tone too cheerful and their smiles too huge for the song’s lyrics.
He goes out a moment later, giving John some more space to manoeuvre as Rosie kicks and grumbles with his ministrations to get her clean and ready. John is surprised Sherlock didn’t stay to fix his hair, he even seemed to have forgotten, calm and peaceful even though he had to chew his pills today. ‘Look at that…’ John smiled. Their Sunday had been well judged to be spent in Bake Off marathons and relaxation.
They are walking side by side again. With Sherlock’s arms around Honeybee, John’s elbow often brushes against his side. It’s like a cat rubbing its cheek softly against him, reassuring.
“You’re back”, John sighs. “Okay. Good. Um” His eyes are glued on his feet, and he shuffles.  “Romantic entanglement…” he mumbles over a sniff. “Got it. You… You meant it. Not good. I’m sorry”.
“Later, Hudders!”
“Mm?”
Stay safe, everyone.
It is nothing less than a wonder how Sherlock is allowed to have this, that he is included in what John wants. Perhaps he does not know what exactly John wishes for them to be, or for how long. And even though he is not about to assume, or hope, or ask for more than John is willing to give him, he is wanted to communicate now, he is asked to decide. He can try to understand John, his light in the darkness, his Ariadne’s thread.
And, as always, we love seeing your comments and interacting with you.
‘Oh...’
“Yes.” John doesn’t hesitate. He knows it is.
“We slept together.” He blurts.
Even if there are still things he and John have not resolved, things that may as well never be brought up, it’s a friendship on both old and new foundations, and some things are better left alone if they are to move on, to find a new way of being who and what they used to be. But it’s a thrill. It’s a thrill he had said he would choose over nothing, and he was right, after all. He wants John in his life, he
Sherlock looks over at him. John is in front of the tub on his knees, but insisted Sherlock use the small stool so as not to strain his back.
He knows Sherlock has large amounts of money in his bank account -a family trust fund- but he bets Mycroft has kept him on a tight lease since his first discovered overdose -much more so now- and that’s the most probable reason for Sherlock to be needing a flatmate when they met. He doesn’t like to think of it too much. Of Mycroft. Of how he had been cut off from Sherlock’s hospital recovery as soon as there was a chance. He couldn’t blame him. He was Sherlock’s brother and John had promised to take care of him and hadn’t done so for longer than he’d like to remember. But he couldn’t like it either. Quite selfish, that. He can’t change how he feels for it. At least, not yet.
“Yes. Yes, I… I suppose you could phrase it like that, if you want”, John huffs a small smile. “Of course it is fine if you say no. Totally fine. I promise”
John sighs, acknowledging. No more half-truths. He doesn’t know what to expect emotionally. He isn’t sure how he could or if he could hurt Sherlock in such a level. Maybe if he left again, which he isn’t going to do. Ever. But at least… physically. Sherlock wouldn’t let him. A weight has lifted. A sea of freedom, relief, affection flooding him. Cautious but there, under the surface, under everything else he has to do, to say…
John stands up, breath catching.
“What?”
John presses the dressing on the wound, starting from the middle of Sherlock’s palm, down to the tender skin just below the thumb. A small wince. John keeps steady, eyes on his work.
Sherlock straightens and gestures to a seat opposite him as if nothing out of the ordinary has occurred. John takes it with a huff of a held back breath. This man will always - always! - surprise him.
One of the less important secrets that were unearthed that day.
And that’s when the wailing starts.
“I didn’t want her. To be my wife. My daughter’s mother. Nothing” Plagued by nightmares, this isn’t the first time or last that John will go over this conversation in his head and with hushed whispers against his pillow just to take his mind off the terror.
‘Oh darling, most darling heart…’
There’s a yawn while John throws some eggs in a saucepan. He side-glances at Sherlock, stretching his shoulders over at the table, leaning for a small good morning kiss to Rosie’s head. She squeals at him, pushing her elephant his direction.
“I think I know how to do that.”
He is half-way up the first flight of stairs when a vehicle halts on the road, almost directly outside the door.
Her concentrated look surfaces again as she turns to the fridge. He takes a step back. He wants to hold this moment in his hand, to feel how it feels, like the soft down on the skin of a ripe peach, orange and warm and sweet and a little tangy.
“Yes. She was sulking, a little. Made her loosen up -and fall asleep”, Sherlock found himself saying.
need you. Please”
It is, in its routine, quite similar to how it used to be, some days ago, after their initial talk in Sherlock’s bedroom, that day when the dark clouds over his head were full-bellied with their storm.
No. John wouldn’t take that crap. Sherlock didn’t actually know him anymore. They weren’t the same as before. They never would be.
The empty maw of a window gapes open in the wall in front of him. The glass is shattered, leaving a jagged zigzag of it only, at the bottom of the windowpane. Perched on it, their tiny, branch-like feet bleeding onto the glass, wait, huddled, a cluster of magpies. Their white is deathly pale, and the black of their iridescent feathers so inky it humbles the darkness. They notice him, small heads turning this way and that as they peer at him with one dark eye, then the other. Sherlock extends his hand to them. Magpies… He knows what they are, the memory almost transparent with age, intuitive in its knowledge. The only life left among the shadows. Seven…
Four days after his brain had shut off, it almost did so again. He was sitting on the sofa, as John was putting Rosie to sleep, and his mind began to drift. He could not be John’s friend again. There was nothing he could possibly offer. This wasn’t like before, and it never could be. The pain that rose with the thoughts, the images, the words, it overwhelmed him, and the buzzing sound and venomous pool of liquid started to build up again. He startled to John calling his name. With awareness came fear, his every nerve paralyzed and cold. He had wanted to scream, or cry, or both. He felt trapped, and yet all he wanted, insanely so, was to be held, to feel his body through someone else’s grip. John understood somehow. He sat beside him, held his arm, squeezed. “I’m here”. It was an anchor. They had ended up talking about the weather, about silly things, that Sherlock would have normally scorned. He wasn’t strong enough to scorn now. John urged him on. Kept his mind on the surface, until the numbness eased away. The next day John had still smiled, and still lingered close.
“We’ll let you sleep again, little sweetheart, you just need to take your medicine to feel better, alright?” He unscrews the bottle and carefully places half a spoonful on the table spoon.
But Sherlock nods, waits, lets him. As John needs. Never dismissing.
When his breaths flow uniformly again, he tries to rationalise what he's doing. He knows that it's insane to give in, even so little, to the same treacherous sentiment that has torn him apart. But he can't help it. He can't. Dignity be damned. He needs him; he needs John. Sherlock knows his place, his role, the pain burning in the second hole in his chest. And he still needs him. Is that being selfish? He’s not making John stay, he does not expect that John getting better will change anything between them. He just acknowledges that truth that has been with him since the start, or at least, since a very long time ago. If that is selfish, he thinks he can afford this type and amount of selfishness. It harms no one, anyway. No one other than him, but that does not matter. He can bear it.
“That’s wonderful. Please take a seat. Doctor Chloe will be right with you.”
“How so?” A storm is brewing.
A reassuring smile breaks over John’s face.
going to catch him.
John’s fingers hold, grip, latch. Tight. Squeezing. Steady.
Sherlock watches as John’s silver hair turns messy, as his face heats up, as his laughter lines start to show. He doesn’t really want to act up anymore. But he still feels sore.
Tablecloth pulled, by its edge hanging off the table, to the floor. And everything on it smashed or knocked down. His fingers curled into fists.
“Oh. So, what did she want?”
‘No. No I’m afraid it isn’t’
something.
John gapes.
you?” The baritone drills in John’s mind and he wants to nestle there, hearing it on repeat.
“What is your name? I can let him know you’re here… Though I do not think the boys were expecting anyone-”
“Why would I leave?” and Sherlock’s tone is deeper -if that is even possible- from before.
Sherlock spent that first late-night remedying that. By the time he was finished, one-third of cupboards and shelves and drawers in the kitchen were clean and reserved for Rosie’s little dowry alone.
‘The wool, you git.’
They both try to absorb this, the certainty and reassurance in John’s voice.
again if they want to. He looks up. Sherlock’s expression is soft. It’s not how he used to look when John repeated something obvious. His sharp gaze is mellowed and his lips are parted, breathing. He’s waiting. There’s wetness on John’s lower lip. His tongue has decided this to be an appropriate time to feel through the chapped skin apparently. He tears his eyes away with effort.
His dream returns, then, as if in vengeance at the audacity of his train of thought. He sees the angry, accusing stare, feels everything the two of them ever were for John drain away from him, and sees John’s eyes cloud over, the world winning inch by inch as they saw in him a stranger, a freak, a psychopath. Because it was his fault. He broke his vow when he had promised. Once again, he was not enough.
‘…Holmes’
She cannot understand the exact words, not yet. But he makes sure she can understand and feel their tone, their meaning. And to leave no room for doubt, he kisses her blushing cheek.
“Yes. That is… Much better”
Honeybee is not awake yet. Sherlock had discussed with John some days prior and they had agreed that trying to maintain her schedule as much as possible on the day of the appointment could help avoid stressing her out. It had been Sherlock’s tentatively given advice, which John had adopted without question.
Silence falls. Their communication has deteriorated. John feels cut off the network, unable to get a proper word out of his lips that would make Sherlock feel any better.
“You two will be alright, do we need anything?”, he asks, and the way he does it is so casual Sherlock could get used to this.
John stops beside him. Rosie pouts, not pleased.
Seamount: An underwater mountain rising from volcanic activity.
‘Go. Away.’
He is there. He can hear him. John’s sure of it now. He just has to keep him afloat.
John can see it written in Sherlock’s eyes as he turns to check on him. There’s a hidden smile there too. A smile John wants to return and treasure forever. They nod to each other simultaneously.
“Then why…” The words dissipate to silence. Sherlock’s gaze far away.
Sherlock isn’t looking anymore. John’s brow furrows. But then… he sees it. His eyes. Sherlock’s eyes are sparkling. It doesn’t matter that his face is so close to the screen, trying to appear focused. Soft light is making his pale skin glow, sharp shadows accentuating his hollow cheeks and John can fucking see it. The corners of his lips trembling. Muscles tugging up and down. Alternating. Indecisive on where they need to stop as if getting mixed signals from Sherlock’s big brain. All the signs are there for John to find and devour with pleasant surprise, because Sherlock… his Sherlock. Sherlock bloody Holmes, is trying to hide a smile!
“Oh Christ, I’m sorry, I… I should have asked and- gosh I’m
Sherlock’s same hand quivers with the loss his brain has endured.
2. In John's therapy session, Ella uses an actual little CBT (Cognitive Behavioural Therapy) exercise. That doesn't mean John only does CBT however. Ella just thought it might be beneficial for John to use it in this particular matter.
John is pacing up and down the sitting room. Sherlock glances up from his phone -Twitter is being quiet and boring, but at least it’s something to do while Rosie is napping after lunch. John came home from work a little earlier to spend some time with her before his appointment with Ella. Now it’s only half an hour until he has to go.
We are back!!! And how long even is this chapter, 16, 17k?
He hasn’t been a father to her for a long while. But that doesn’t mean he can bear the thought of abandoning her in this world alone… or him… The man he is supposed to take care of. How long can John pretend that he is not abandoning them both already? He’s letting them down. How long can he make himself hold on to the belief that everything is fine? Until Sherlock’s lost to him for good? When will he stop being a heartless coward? When?!
“Hello.” She speaks with a low, smooth voice, made to communicate with children. “Dr Watson, I presume?”
‘And I hadn’t noticed.’ It’s what remained unsaid.
Sherlock is suddenly welcomingly present in the moment. He’s leaning back again, more relaxed, brushing a palm over Rosie’s forehead in soothing motions. She whimpers but with a look at him and a gentle prod and tickle of her chin, she opens up to receive the rest of her spoonful. John breathes in, grateful, and fills the spoon once more. It’s comforting how they exchange emotions and roles with complete synchronisation and as it’s best needed without even talking.
“Oh?”
John has left the baby monitor on the table, and Sherlock automatically tunes to it as he prepares Rosie’s fruit-cream and lets his and John’s tea brew. He procures jam, bread, the fresh fruit he’s supposed to eat -but not the oranges- and pops slices of bread in the toaster. The appointment is at ten. The therapist’s office is not far from 221B, half an hour at worst, so… They’ll have to be ready by… um nine twenty, to have a plus or minus of ten minutes’ extra time in case of any delays. Sherlock checks the watch on his wrist. Almost eight. Not bad.
Sherlock glances up in a mix of surprise and confusion. His gaze aimless, drifts around when he meets John’s.
“Side pocket”. Sherlock smiles.
John falters a step, a protective palm steadying Rosie’s head over his chest as he regains his balance and strides forward. ‘Yes. Really.’
“Yeah? Yeah, okay, I will shut up now. Got it. I’m sorry” He is mumbling, flushed with embarrassment. And he has never been dearer and more vulnerable and fundamental than in this moment.
“Mmmwhy?”
said it.
“Why are you standing there?”
He could tear the world raw with it.
’s dead too. Truthfully this time. Maybe none of it was real. Maybe he slipped. Maybe he drank and drank and drank until there was nothing because there was indeed nothing. Nothing else than what everyone said was a lie. Even
“Thank you.” John breathes over his tea, settling under his own blanket.
“Tomorrow.” He corrected. Eyes widened, realising. Sherlock hadn’t spoken. Sherlock wasn’t there. Sherlock had already gone to bed. He shook his head.
“Did we just get told off by our
“See? He might be hiding riches no one has ever heard of in his secret lair.” John speaks with wonder leaning close to Rosie’s excited little face, holding her palm between his fingers, thumb rubbing gently and smiling with affection.
Back. Back then... before...
“No, not downstairs. In the bathroom, John keeps his med kit in the bathroom”
John arches an eyebrow. This is uncanny. She looks fascinated with the situation in front of her, exhilarated in a way that could persuade anyone a mantra of childish, gleeful thoughts is running through her mind. “Oh, this is interesting.”, “This is going to be fun.”, “Yes, tell me more.”. This is too familiar not to be pointed out by John’s eager mind. He stays silent, watching her for some moments, when he feels a gaze sharp as a knife fall on him.
Some things begin to be acknowledged. Some things begin to show...
John needed to feel he could be his good-doctor self again. Loyal, useful, caring, strong, a person to rely on… The thought alone made him glow from within. And if this is what would make John feel better, if this would give John a reason to fend off the monsters that raged inside him, then that is what Sherlock would provide him.
With a deep exhale, John enters the kitchen. He needs the reminder sometimes. Some days. He knows there is darkness lurking in every corner, he knows his mind gets stuck in unhealthy and false patterns. But… it can change… The last few weeks have proved as much.
There’s soft music playing over their heads, classical but playful, chosen to soothe babies but not bore toddlers enough for them to throw a fit. They walk towards an empty colourful sofa, John already working on unstrapping Rosie off him.
“Like… eloping with the owner of the bakery next door?” his lips quirk into a smile.
“Hello, John”, he says softly, turning to deposit the cutlery and bowls in the kitchen sink. Honeybee is in her baby park, babbling as she plays with her cloth blocks and pink elephant.
Sherlock’s blood runs cold.
A new chapter is in order and thus we begin with Part 3 of our story.
An image of a white lit room and the words
Rosie hides again, mistrustful of the new facial characteristics she’s presented with. Doctor Chloe -John is so baffled by his own reactions he can’t even remember her last name, which he repeated to himself more than a thousand times already- steps down from her toes and back to her comfortable modern casual slip-ons and beams at all three of them.
“Hm, she seems to be brooding...” John contemplates.
Sherlock rearranges Rosie in his arms, she grabs his spoon, filled with jam. John smiles at the two of them, so harmoniously- ‘Halt.’ He’s daydreaming while on the phone.
“I’ve been better”, John says, dragging the fricative way too much, his vowels sloppy. Sherlock’s chest swells, and then constricts as if all the air has been sucked out of his body.
“I want to be in your life”, Harry was saying. “In Rosie’s life. I want us to be a family, Johnny. A
There is nothing else he feels at the thought alone but anger. Wild, all-encompassing, black, black anger. Roaring inside him, drowning out every other sound, demanding to be heard.
“Nothing bad.” He reassures. “I’ve just been talking to Ella. About Rosie. And her life.”
“You’re… asking me if I would want to be…” The word is so odd, inaccessible, almost, “
do it again”
Fancy another 8k? Here they are! Take the fluff (but beware)!
He grunts. Why did he have to do that? He hasn’t eaten so much in ages. He’s been careful with his diet since sobering up along with Sherlock. How could he think he could take this? And he has to fight with his head at the same time.
Yes, all John Watson remembers anymore every waking moment of his life are those eyes. Looking up at him while the perfectly shaped Cupid’s bow of wanted lips - broken and bleeding - spoke the words that are now haunting his every step.
John tries not to look at any exposed skin, to note at the paleness of pectorals, the hairiness -if any- and the colour. He tries and he doesn’t succeed. Sherlock has unbuttoned his pyjama shirt halfway to let Rosie rest her head over his sternum. Her blankets are untangled, covering both of them, keeping them warm. John can see him breathe with every melodious small hum, can see the lines of his ribs, can’t help but note that his nipples are covered with his shirt’s edges and that Rosie is covering most of the soft auburn curls of his sternum.
He downs the rest of the water.
Sherlock harboured this little problem in a world where John ever sought a new woman to date. In a world where he was the freak, the provider of adrenaline, the man that wore a coat as an armour, and held his cold arrogance as a sword. In a world where he was terrified. Because he wasn’t supposed to function, like that, to
“Yeah, maybe...”
Rosie gurgled and pressed her index against the tip of his nose. “Boop”
“Ah. Well. At least he’s not
“Mm…”
It’s on repeat. Indefinitely.
A jumble. Again, it seems.
He waves the kind fellow away with a scowl. Every step he takes is a nightmare. The wooden walls of the bar entrance are transforming into logs now, built for a campfire and the red carpet is consumed by a fiery blaze, flames sliding, brushing their wetly hot tongues against his dried skin, peeling layers of clothes away to drag against melting flesh.
John. John!
There’s nothing
“You zoned out a little. Are you feeling alright?” John frowns, his fingers brushing down Sherlock’s face.
So simple. So true. John smiles, his eyes searching for
“Oomph.”
Harry. Harriet.
“Al’ight, ‘cause this is a social call, you know.” Greg nods and lightens the air again with a wink, going to kneel in front of Rosie’s table, face smoothing out to a fatherly one at once.
“Wonderful.”
Selfish. That’s what he is. Selfish. Pathetic.
“Good.” A soft whisper.
‘Get yourself together, you bloody idiot, he needs you!’
They climb down from their high slowly, like following a slow stream’s flow.
They walk up to the black door and ring the bell. Someone buzzes them in. Rosie looks up wide eyed. Is she thinking they’re going to one of the hidden gardens from Papa’s stories? No. Probably not. But… A man can hope.
“Now, yes.”
Sherlock sighs, clears his throat. Remains rooted to the spot for some moments -but sways a little, like a child not knowing what they're supposed to do. When nothing else is heard, he shakes his head of unruly dark curls, and goes back to his circular route (door-stairs-door, door-stairs-door).
I don’t know, darling heart’.
“Please, Honeybee, calm down, please please….”
“Yes. Yes, certainly.” Sherlock dismisses.
In the end he had filled up a large basin Mrs. Hudson found downstairs, and had bathed her when she was ready, after much patient encouragement. Sherlock has no idea how her phobia developed. When she was smaller, the last time he had had time with her, after Mary had bolted for her round-the-world adventure, she loved baths. Something must have taken place during the months John had kept him away, and let Rosie be cared for by any friends that were willing or available. Sherlock does not want to imagine what.
Sherlock lets the breath he’s been holding out with a small whine. John’s eyes are swirling with emotion and colour both, turbulent sea depths. Sherlock thinks he could see the world in them, if he tried.
Does that mean John….
Naturally, Sherlock had only been prone to sentimental nonsense, and had overlooked the rational explanation for John’s investment in him. It was not care for a friend, interest for a member of family. No. It was the poor, poor junkie. That John couldn’t but take pity upon. Perhaps feel a little guilty over. The same moral code that prevailed in the end and compelled him to come to Sherlock’s aid in the hospital, the same set of principles would make John look back over Sherlock’s relapse of more than six months and his daredevil bet that the tycoon was a murderer, as another broken thing that he should better fix.
, his lips quiver.
Greg manages to get a small finger(hand)shake in the end, Rosie encouraged by her father and finding Greg’s facial expressions hilarious. John scratches his small beard while serving tea, Sherlock watching with the corner of his eye, mellowed out now with John beside him again. John’s fingers trailing over his arm from time to time.
Compared to John, the mad genius is fine. Quite fine. Isn’t he? He seems to be. Not always but... How many times have John’s eyes not taken in the long figure, straight and tall over the kitchen counter, putting much needed sugar in his mug? How many times has Sherlock not strolled from the bedroom to his armchair, dressed impeccably -almost too much-? How many times has John not paused in the doorway, gaping, the old days flashing before his eyes as if he was leaving them in the here and now?
When John walks in, there is a tired smile onto his face, warm if feeble, a dying ember’s breath. He has bags of groceries in his hands. “We were running out of milk”, he says. It’s all Sherlock can do not to collapse.
He hears her tutting and mumbling as she helps herself to a cup of tea, from what little is left from his and John’s breakfast. When Mrs. Hudson returns to the sitting room, Honeybee stands up in her baby park and leans against its safety net, whining rather insistently. She has not yet overcome her temporary separation from her stuffed pink elephant, and was busy brooding over her cloth blocks, destroying the little towers she made more fiercely than usual.
New steps to an old, old song. Sherlock breathes in, the scent of spring waiting, of new lives waiting to begin, rich earth and sharp-clean air. They are alone in the world, then. Just the three of them. Suspended in time, safe, Honeybee safe in his arms, John loosening up beside him. Waiting to bloom too, into the man he wants to be.
“Just once more, just one.”
“Thank you”, John has looks up this time. And the smile he gives, to
Sherlock’s teeth dig into his lower lip. He doesn’t reply. His eyes cloud over. John pats the table with his fingertips and gets up, casually flicking the kettle on, walking to the living room and opening the curtains, allowing what faint light there is to help with the atmosphere around them. He’s no stranger to Sherlock’s lack of sleep, sulks or silences. He can handle it. He knows how easily bored his best mate can become and frankly, it’s about time, despite Sherlock’s need for recovery. Still, John wants to break through to the reason behind this one. It feels different although John doesn’t know in what way. And in any case, he knows how to give Sherlock space while keeping him close to reality, so if it proves difficult to break through the surface, all John needs to do is what he once did best. Be there for him. Be his friend.
John glances at their food, half-eaten, going cold. He looks at the time. It’s one in the afternoon. They have been out for hours. More than Sherlock or Rosie have been in months.
He can’t avoid thinking of the tube. What had he done now to cause this? Because it’s always him. He has accepted that. It’s always his fault, one way or another, and his job to make it better.
He gets up. Double and triple and whatever nightmares gone. Gone in a second. He has a purpose today. He has a life. He’s not entitled to it. He should keep his hands off it. Yet, he can’t leave it like this. Because this isn’t living.
“There you are. Your tea… The baguette?”
He writes it, types every letter of the message, slowly, one by one, so that it’s not only him who knows, so that he’ll know he is not dreaming.
“Good morning, John. Am I interrupting?”
“Yes. I- I apologise again for… well, self-absorbed and self-loathing expectations such as these.”
The world stands still for an indefinite amount of moments before Sherlock nods, straightening to rest back on the headboard. John doesn’t need to do or say anything else. He watches as Sherlock has already picked up the knife again, with his right hand and proceeds to fix his breakfast. John only holds his bread and a scone steady as he butters them up; their hands remaining joined as they were.
John finishes his coffee on the bus, taking big nervous gulps, but soon his hands are shaking, fidgety with nothing to do except tear his paper-cup apart. He throws it away eventually, when he can’t do anything else. His stomach is calm. Both he and Sherlock had managed to eat some more before he was due to leave.
Her face… her beautiful, round face… distorted to an expression he hadn’t witnessed before. ‘It’s your fault.’ It said. ‘You did this.’
“We’ll see”.
John is back. Back to touching the doorframe, the wood harsh beneath his fingertips, ready to burst aflame by his touch. Back to a grey world where Mrs Hudson floats over the furniture, throwing long white covers over the desk once occupied by John’s laptop and books…
“Give me my Watson back.”
Sherlock's mind returns to the present, as the nervous impatience wafting from the other man strikes at him in waves. John unstraps the baby carrier and holds it, with some awkwardness before he glances behind his shoulder, almost comically, as if to make sure the boxes are still there. Rosie huffs and gnaws on her fist, whining like an annoyed kitten. It hits Sherlock then; John needs to carry the boxes and second suitcase inside, and obviously cannot do that with a sleeping baby on his chest or arms.
John breathed, taking in scent molecules to last him hours. He hoped they could last him months. Years. It was familiar. It was Sherlock. It was home. He smiled. Chapped skin tugging at nerves as his lips curled. Was this a good dream? He didn’t know, but it was pleasant enough for now.
. Two wide terrified oceans.
Rosie releases him with a fit of giggles and he pretends to lean back on his heels exhausted. Sherlock is still looking, a perplexed frown over his straight nose. John smiles, lopsided, and motions his head to the table.
Hudders drifts towards the kitchen, and Sherlock follows her out of the corner of his eye.
“Okay.”
“Careful, Rosie. There”, Sherlock wipes her tiny button nose gently with a clean tissue and then places it in a small plastic bag filled almost entirely with the used tissues of the previous day and night.
“Bee? Your bee?”
It’s better.
Never had he been fortunate enough to feel such a novel emotion of tranquillity. Peace that was broken constantly by the rumble of waves against rocks. An unmoving lake turning to a monsoon, waves as high as the need for touch after enduring starvation of months, years, lifetimes. A colourful sunset splattered with tones of black shadows as the oily waters shiver into millions and millions of rippling fabric. Of miles and miles of skin to walk upon and explore. Of wishes thrown over a bridge and down to the river’s abyssal whirlpools. Destined to be taken away despite their secure weight and thrown into the ocean by the force of it all. The force of that love.
John spoke to him more. About his seminars, support group, therapy. He never gave details about exactly what was being said. But he would comment that it made him feel tired, or that it had troubled him, or that it had given him ideas. Sherlock was thrilled to be participating in John’s recovery in this way, to be someone John could confide in. That was a thing that was different to
“Have you eaten anything at all today?”
“Sherlock, I’m here. You’re here. You’re good.” John says fervently.
He passes a hand through his hair, clears his throat, and throws the doors of his closet open.
Butterflies in his stomach.
It turned out that nothing changed, and yet, at the same time, everything changed.
Just once. Just
Molly has replied.
For anyone who comments, leaves kudos, reads once or repeatedly, bookmarks privately or publicly, subscribes or shares: THANK YOU! You all make us run smoothly with our story, thank you!
He lowers himself until he can kneel. The water licks his hips, his sides. Yes, it hisses. Yes.
Why is she pressing it? She needs an answer, John realises. She said so.
And at the centre of it all, is John. Only, he isn’t. Even John is a memory, eroded, chipped away bit by bit. With every word they don’t say, every glance they don’t give. Sherlock had not expected everything to be the same. He had not expected everything to be easy. But he had not expected this, either.
John returned his attention to his plate. Sherlock managed to swallow against the unpleasant tingles at the base of his jaw. He tried for another spoonful. Saw John’s eyebrows knit together, his movements slow to follow his.
Sherlock shakes his head, firm; more in control. John raises a hand to Sherlock’s forehead, suspicious. Sherlock flinches away.
“Yes. Yes, of course I am. At least, I certainly
“At times he seems to be doing better and then… I can’t really expect it. I’ve been trying… I-”
He walked in to John making breakfast, already dressed for work, and Honeybee playing with her baby food in her chair.
He picked his chopsticks, and John his fork. Sherlock kept his unsteady left hand on his lap.
She didn’t want him to elaborate. For the moment. Good. She wanted to know the cause. His smile fell, just so.
There’s an amused look on her face.
“She said not to worry”. John lets his words be scattered by the cool stirring of the breeze but avoids Sherlock’s eyes.
P.S. If you're not checking the tags, you might wanna do so for a delicious surprise we added... ;)
as Honeybee grew up, and if then she could perhaps feel it too. If being here with him helped John as much as John being here helped him.
“No” His face turned away, breaths panting. A wild animal. Constricted in his corner. Stepping away.
“Hi, Mrs. H.”, John says without looking. Sherlock nods his acknowledgement of her presence.
“No. It won’t”
It sounds annoyed. He knows it.
Rosie’s palms slip and he holds her steady, guiding her hands to rest on his chest. She looks up at him, serious glistening orbs are questioning the significance of the gesture. John’s spine tingles. He holds his palm over hers now. His heartbeat is steady and she feels it. She has obviously decoded that this soft sound that puts her to sleep when she’s crying and Sherlock or John himself sometimes are holding her over their hearts is always available and accessible, always there for her, whenever she needs it. She can always reach and feel it. Now, her plump cheeks dimple and John’s eyes are stinging.
"You don't have an Oyster card, do you?", John asks as he flicks through his wallet at the entrance to the station. Sherlock tries to say 'no', but the word gets choked down as a group of people rushes by them. Hearing no reply, John hums and raises his gaze to him, to which Sherlock nods, out of breath.
Sherlock is immobile, back impossibly straight, as he sits poised and posh with eyes straight ahead. His only response is a faint shake of the head, curls bobbing around, dismissing John’s words as an afterthought. Nothing to waste energy on. Harry doesn’t deserve it anyway. His eyes are glassy. John frowns, takes a step closer.
In retrospect, he really shouldn’t have done that. The hired nanny that he couldn’t very well afford for long, had given him a wary look. Drunk parent, yeah, he knew. She could easily contact social services next time. Or now. He didn’t care. At that moment at least, she could do as she wished. All that he saw was the booze in his hand and how he couldn’t do this anymore. He had lost his job temporarily because of heavy drinking a couple of months ago. If he slipped again… Fired. Done with. Veteran with a tremor and a hurt shoulder. No more a doctor. They would take his license away. Then his pension. Then they’d take Rosie. His little girl. The little girl that deserved so much more than him as a father.
His throat is clogged up. He’s not thinking. He’s just doing. Auto-pilot mode. Switched off.
“Ro-”, his breath is sliced in half. “Rosie has a fever”
“J-ohn.” Breath choked. Exhaled. Composure struggling to be maintained “You were at your most extreme limits. Just as I was. You won’t do it again. You are not that kind of man.”
Then, there were moments. Moments running smoothly but nothing was right. Moments when John would enter a room and smiles and hushed whispers disappeared. Moments when the little one would reach for a toy and look up at Sherlock, eyes pleading, and John could see. He could see the flood of emotions and communication in the air. It would fill the room like the soft fragrance of rosemary.
“Ah... sorry... um.” John regrets his defensive tone. “I mean, we mainly talked through my own feelings on the matter. My thinking process and guilt... inadequacy as a father and-” He stops.
“We’re just… playing chase. Your turn!”
“Thank you.” He whispers.
White floors. White light. Light blue.
This time the look that passes between them is knowing.
Can’t we just talk?”
Sherlock wants to roll his eyes, but instead he’s smiling, too.
“That sounds good.” John finishes.
He closes his eyes and there he is. The man he almost killed. The man he loves. The man that loves him? In that special way of never saying but knowing it is there… Taking blows, gasping yet not a single cry leaving his lips. Left looking down at his own blood. That man. After everything, that man held him close, comforted him.
‘I am only
me. On the arm”
The John that will barely look at him, barely talk to him. He will leave Rosie to his arms but turn his back before their eyes can meet. He will nod goodnight without raising his head. And he won’t smile. Not to him. Not again.
“Good girl.” John ruffles her curls.
“Want to tell me about it?”
Afloat: So this chapter title was inspired by a certain sea creature's mating dance. The pair comes together every morning repeatedly to perform said dance, courting each other and floating in the water while tangling their small bodies for hours and hours before actually mating.
His fault. Always his fault.
“We need to talk.”
“I should not have lashed out”
It all brings him too close to darkened swimming pools and memories of flickering betrayal in stormy grey eyes. The following recognition and then overflowing fear, cutting in soft blue hues. Devotion. Given. Unconditional and never-ending.
“Wait right there.”
“I see you changed your address.” Her tone is stone cold.
“I think we can stop there for now. In my opinion, there isn’t any medical condition I can diagnose Rosie with. Abnormal or sudden changes in a baby’s first years of life can cause several psychological imbalances for sure. I can tell you there are babies who have gone through unimaginable difficulties and in the end pulled-through more than well and there are some who have such problems while there was nothing wrong with their life so far. I am going to ask some more questions though, regarding the present. I know how it can take some time for any parent to come to terms with what has been going on and ask for help. So. How is she now?”
‘He’s not you. He’s not- He’s not- He’s not!’
Still, they have been avoiding anything with strong spices for weeks.
“You need the rest”
Sherlock counts her steps until she reaches 221A safely, and then carefully extricates himself from John’s grip and blinks up at him in confusion.
Sherlock throws his dressing gown onto his bed, gets out of his pyjamas. He doesn’t spare a second glance on the track-marks on the inside of his arms.
Sherlock’s lower lip is quivering when John gets back, fingers soft, calloused but tender over his wrist, guiding his palm open again.
She smiled; proud.
“John?”
A hiccupped sob. Rosie.
“Can we…. Talk?”
‘I have never been wanted before’
“Hello!”
“John?”
“You think it’s because of you?” Her voice was tentative. They had discussed this before, but he can’t possibly be sure anything stuck with him those first times he came back to her, when Sherlock was still hospitalised.
“She’s sleeping like an angel.” John elaborates. His little girl being the only one able to get some proper sleep.
“I just... Okay. You’re saying... What are you saying?” he blinks, tilts his head to the side, shakes it, a little.
“What for?”
John is staying with him, after all. Allows him to look after Honeybee (most probably despite being at least that little bit afraid Sherlock could defenestrate her or do something worse). He is helping him with his health, with keeping 221B clean and orderly. He is being kind (remember how he helped you in the bathroom when you were being an idiot?). Shares breakfast and dinner with him (which must be extremely tedious, just think about it). All this despite everything Sherlock has done, despite everything he is. John is not obligated to show interest and offer care. John does so because it makes him feel better. It rejuvenates him, helps him. This arrangement has been created to aid John in recovery, after all (it’s not about Sherlock and said Sherlock should stop acting as if it is already). Sherlock’s role is to accommodate and facilitate this. John and Honeybee are not bound to him. When this arrangement ceases to be convenient (which of course will be soon), another will be sought (And, of course there is no reason for that new arrangement to keep including him)
“Home?”
“You do it, and I go order, right?”
‘Jealous?’
He couldn’t sleep anymore.
White.
It made the chains that bound his hands to the ceiling rattle, his fallen head to rise; made his lips pull back in a soundless snarl, and his eyes burn like the wolves’.
“It’s his home”, John cuts in, without explaining further.
“Quit it, drama queen. Doctor’s orders.” As if he doesn’t know Sherlock is not one for taking orders, doctor’s or otherwise. As if he knows all it takes is for him to say ‘for me’ imploringly.
‘Drama queen.’
To the cold, greying blue eyes of the man that pulled him out of it. With just a call of his name.
“The… Um… Physical aspect. Of things”
She whimpers when he rinses her hair. He’s being gentle but he doubts that matters. He has hurt her already. Too much if he can count on her silence and averting gaze to gather how much. He thinks of Sherlock’s hidden smile as he leans to get her out and she fights back as if the water is now preferable to his embrace. That tiny frown and smile… bright and encouraging. Proud, almost. If he can be honest with himself, Rosie’s giggles are not the only fireworks he can see in the air. She’s not the only person whose happiness makes him want to live. That doesn’t sound like pure friendship, does it?
As seven o’clock comes and goes, Sherlock grows restless again. Honeybee is all swaddled up in her bunny pyjamas and held safe against his chest; his pacing up and down, and the natural rhythm of his heart calm her down and help her dose off. But Sherlock wonders how it’s possible that she can sleep now, with his pulse thrumming in his veins. The memory of the previous night’s fruitless, endless anticipation is still too recent.
He wakes.
“You like them?” Sherlock comments.
Slipping.
Back to the void. A black pit inside him, hollow, never filling. Ever again. An armchair remaining untouched. Unoccupied. Indefinitely. Back to screams in his head. Voices telling he’s wrong. He’s a liar. No one is there to hear him. No one to believe him. Only he is left believing. Left hoping for proof of a genius. Of a crushed mind on pavement. John making its brilliance a religion. Because he’s all alone. All done for. And he doesn’t have anything else to believe in. Anything to hang on to. He’s slipping.
How easily one wants to brag about the achievements of their child. John breaks the contact, a flush gathering over his cheeks. Chloe brings a contemplative finger to her face.
The gears are rusty, and his concentration is hanging from a thread; anything could shatter it. Cautiously, he opens his eyes in his mind. For the first time since the collapse, he allows himself to see his body inside the echoing space. He is naked, stick-thin and shorter than he should be. Oh. Oh, of course. His tongue is brine and his hair is seaweed. Droplets of seawater accompany his every step, his feet clearing away dust with their wet imprint, leaving a lonely trail behind him. He knows why he is here. To see the place that is no more. What should have been his guide to navigate the world without sinking, without drowning.
She cries a little and babbles angrily at him for interrupting her nap.
mad right now, Sherlock” He sounds tired. “I…. I don’t think it’s a good idea-“
“We had some difficulties -still do- but I suppose… it’s expected?”
“You remember our last case?”
There’s shuffling downstairs as doors open and close and there’s Mrs Hudson’s usual tray of tea rattling and a gritty voice with a much familiar accent murmuring, he’ll get it upstairs himself.
Sherlock’s fingers brush over the heavy wool, softly, gently. A smile twinkles on his lips. Just how many ridiculous adventures indeed… And how many not at all ridiculous. How many dangerous. Fatal. Bittersweet. He doubts there’s many without it. He doubts he even is Sherlock Holmes without it. His Belstaff. His armour.
John pauses, closing his mouth with a click. Reconsiders. How could Sherlock have any fault in that? After all, even when he got tense and angry, it wasn’t Sherlock who triggered it. He leans forward, patient. His rational thoughts scream danger. Sherlock believing in his moral code, his noble-ness, whatever, so much to think he deserved a beating, to think it was his fault every time John got angry- John shut the thought down. It was dangerous, yes, but Sherlock would see, right? He would understand.
Who loved Rosie to death.
His blue dressing gown brushes against his bare ankles as he tries to be careful and silent as a cat. It’s only his voice that ventures forward, seeking a path.
Sherlock does not register the thuds and scrapes of the boxes being pushed and pulled against concrete and wooden floor, or John's heavy breaths and grunting. It's the click of the door closing that spells it out for him, that whatever was about to happen is happening, after all.
“Ah, nearly forgot”
"I'm sorry", John murmurs.
“Yes, actually.” John smirks.
He’ll make it easier. It’s the only -and last- thing he can.
Sherlock had never shown any indication that he would ever want to move. The last time he was staying elsewhere was before they moved in together and before that, John isn’t sure how many times Sherlock moved places. They don’t really talk about past the point they met. Except John’s military history and Sherlock’s drug addiction, they never asked or started a conversation on anything before Baker Street. John is sure Sherlock has done his fair share of deductions but John himself… He is in the dark. He knows Sherlock studied Chemistry, is a trained boxer and swordsman and fighter in a probably huge number of martial arts, was taught the violin -but could figure out composing on his own maybe?- and therefore has experience with the piano as well, but other than that… John has nothing except the last seven years… and he is supposed to know the man better than anyone.
The eyeroll is implied.
“Anything else?” John asks with a steady voice, closing all the nervous energy inside.
He sits up, kicking and pushing the covers away. He has sweated through his white t-shirt; the winter chill turns into needles against his skin. He is breathing as fast as if he’d run for his life -and he feels that in a way, he had.
he could help John
“Padada?” Rosie mumbles. John leans and kisses her sunny curls.
Speaking of, he was apparently still allowed to take care of Honeybee.
“Thirty-eight point…three… Oh god”
“There you go.”
He spits the word in disgust. For himself. For being what he is and still wanting to fool the man in front of him yet another time.
“Thanks…” He’s careful now. He should be. “I’m gonna-”
There’s a moment of hesitance but Sherlock slowly unearths shaky fingertips and takes what John is offering in a small plate over to his lap. John knows he’s succeeded and the result will be Sherlock nibbling truly like a small bird after some moments. He is ready to savour them all when a small whine bursts out of the baby monitor.
No insecurities. Not this time. His focus should be his little girl for this discussion. Not them. When Sherlock feels better, they can discuss
Why is John even here? This is what Sherlock is. A broken doll, a clock not ticking. Now that John has seen, he won’t be here anymore. He’ll go away.
He frowns at her beneath a curl that has fallen over his left eye.
“Yes?”
Sherlock chews on the inside of his lower lip. It’s a puzzle, a human puzzle, pieces scattered all over the floor. And he has to somehow put them back together in functioning order. Or at the very least, help them find one. He tries not to think how he has failed already, as he reaches for John’s hand on the counter. It’s bandaged with a cotton white handkerchief, wine-red stains seeping through on the phalanges and knuckles.
“Quite better.”
Not giving up. Not yet. Not yet...
It is more curt than it should have been. But John takes a step back. Sherlock breathes.
He hears a thud, muffled against wood. His body stills, straining, to absorb more sounds. Nothing else comes his way. It’s not curiosity, or need, but worry that takes the better of him. A morbid kind of worry. The one that has him thinking the worst.
His left hand was shaking. ‘Why, why, why... oh, why?’
‘Ours’. There’s light coming from the kitchen. Faint. Orange. Small. He’s not alone. He breathes.
“Will you please sit? You’re making me nervous”
“Okay. Listen” Sherlock stays entirely still.  “Have her lie down, wrap her up warm. If she gets sweaty change her, and take her temperature again. I’ll wrap things up here and bring home everything we need, alright?”
We will certainly love reading your thoughts again! (it's the best part of this :* )
There’s a slight restrained twitch of Sherlock’s cheek. Revulsion. He turns paler than before, with a hint of green. John worries, worries, worries. Of course he does.
John takes his seat on his armchair.
“Lestrade!”
This person here will pull all-nighters to not delay a chapter again (even if it was only by a couple of hours xP)
Now, there are other reasons he can’t give up. Rosie is one. But now there’s more…
“Ah…” Sherlock’s brows knit together in an attempt to jog his memory, then flops on the sofa cushions, wrapping his dressing gown tight around his waist.
“Smells good?”
couldn’t be the same. Not after everything. Not after Bart’s. Ever. He
. Sherlock wants to take his hand away and hide it, but he’s not sure why.
“Um... were you sleeping?”
“Ready, boys?”
“You have not even been vaccinated this year, Sherlock.” A sliver of worry breaks through to the surface; even if Rosie doesn’t have the flu.
“My fault”, he explains.
“Sherlock…” It’s a whisper.
Sherlock tries not to stare at the small swipe of tongue over lips that follows John’s words.
“Quite. You both?”
But as much as he wishes that all this has been is just John ignoring him, refusing to see him on purpose after what happened in the morning, he knows that there is a new danger lurking outside. One that calls to the pain and need within John. And all Sherlock had done was just push him a step closer to the brink.
He awoke with a start, Rosie whining persistent in her cot. John got himself up, sweat trickling down his spine, legs tangled with the heavy double duvet he used with hopes the weight would be enough to keep him in dreamless slumber for as long as possible. Reaching for her, he was blind, his vision blurry, making out only the sun-kissed curls of her small head in the dim light.
John has been quite possibly flirting for the whole day. It’s also possible some of his absolutely besotted attitude has been noticed and taken into consideration. He’s giggly and smirking every chance he gets. He’s humming, tapping eager fingers onto surfaces and objects. He’s been touching and touching and touching. When Sherlock threw out a small comment about their room temperature, John had fussed and huffed and did everything he could to fix it and checked Sherlock’s temperature again and again without any logical reason, just to coddle him and be sure and make excuses to make him more tea and even went as far to suggest a heating pad or compress for Sherlock’s toes and fingers one time.
John Watson needs to see. He needs to understand. Today, he knows he has to.
How can there be no oxygen left?
He hides his palms in the pockets of his coat. A thin sheen of cool sweat has covered them under his gloves. It has made the black leather stick to his skin, so that he's unsure if he will ever be able to remove them. Well. Nothing to it. Into battle, and a battle it is. No turning back now. Jaws clenched, he stares straight ahead and follows John, fighting the urge to gravitate closer to him, to take refuge in the orbit of his body.
John has already gone to the stairs cupboard, carrying wood for the fireplace. He tidies some kindling underneath, is careful when he douses it with medicinal alcohol, and lights a match, pushing it between the dry wood. A flame catches, so quick John’s hand flinches back and he shakes it before bringing a finger to his mouth. He didn’t get burned though.
Sherlock tries to stop him, tries to match the strength of John’s anger, but he can’t. He can’t walk against the wind of this storm, not this time. His wrist is shaking with the effort, and his breaths turn into short, painful jabs.
Sherlock's stomach transforms into flesh-eating butterflies.
“Oh, my girl, that’s it. Very good. One more?” He fills the spoon again and the action calms them both as he ruminates.
“Final. He… Before that, I don’t think he had understood that I actually do want to care for him in such a way.” A moment passed and John flushed red at his words and the meaning anyone could derive from them. “I hadn’t realised myself he hadn’t got it. Otherwise, I would have made it clear…er.” He added in a haste.
“What?”
The air shifts the moment Harry is out the door, stomping down the stairs with her short heels. John can breathe again. His shoulders sag as he leaves a long exhale, almost doubling over to rest his palms on bent knees. Instead he turns around, anxious to face Sherlock again. He doesn’t let the tension go. Doesn’t snuff it out. He keeps it. The silence weighs on him. Burying him underneath the waves slowly. Choking him.
“You don’t want to be”. It’s not a question, but not a statement either. An offering, instead. The ground is unsteady beneath their feet, and there are cracks on the ice that spread and grow thicker, like blackened dry branches.
Frozen treacherous instrument. Feeding him oxygen. Whatever for? His breaths stutter and stop. A tidal wave of pain. Attacking from the inside. Making him lurch.
When Sherlock does, truly as John expected, like a small boy waiting for his vaccine, there’s something shivering behind those blue orbs of light. John applies the liquid to the wound, listening in for the hissing breath but none comes. As they wait for it to work its magic on the open wound for some moments, John reaches with a tentative hand on the white-knuckled grip of Sherlock’s other hand over the crumbled piece of paper.
“For what?”
Armchair-sofa-kitchen, repeat. Armchair-sofa-kitchen, repeat.
‘Of course! Of course!’
They are locked together.
It is only clearer now that holding back, was always the right choice. ‘Don’t initiate contact’. ‘Don’t take more than what he offers’. Simple rules. Life-saving. Even barely just. The thought of overstepping alone and being cut down with a cold, vague distancing -not about
“Want to play? Mm? Where’s my girl? I’ll catch you!” John sing-songs, as he pretends to fail to catch Honeybee in his arms. She giggles and runs in a circle around his legs, convinced that he truly isn’t fast enough for her.
But a moment later, the woman is stomping up the stairs, having obviously shoved Mrs. Hudson aside.
“Enlighten me.”
“No. No, let me finish. Please” She waits only for a moment before she resumes.
“Good. You’re feeling confident.”
“Stopped babbling only?” Chloe’s eyes follow every interaction, assessing. John wants to recoil from it, the feeling of being judged and found guilty clawing at him again, but her eyes, when they find him, are simply observing, kind and modest.
Even before that, before the world was a mess John couldn’t possibly understand, he remembers. Mrs Hudson had been the first to witness Rosie’s small toothless smile as an infant. She had been so joyous, so overwhelmed, John brought her a soother just to make sure she won’t be having a heart-attack sooner rather than later. It had been such a big deal and he felt it too. He remembers feeling it. But then… then he only remembers his dry smile at her mother’s flat joke.
“Just…” His mind is not cooperating. He shrugs.
And John does. A clear breath. Too quick but still better.
“Yeah, but you’re doing it again”
Sherlock’s face has gone pale. John imagines he’s not anything better himself. Chloe takes her time, a breather, two. Then sits back. Slow. Watching them. There’s a flicker in her brown eyes John knows well. His eyes widen a tad before he can contain himself. She knows them. Of course she does. She must have seen them on the news, read about them, maybe for years, maybe his blog, maybe since the start. John swallows.
REMINDER TRIGGER WARNINGS: MENTION OF PAST TORTURE, SUICIDAL/SELFHARM IDEATION, ANXIETY ATTACKS, MENTAL BLACK-OUT/PHASING, PAST TRAUMA, ANGER ISSUES, PANIC ATTACKS
“I was cruel. Sherlock…” John takes a shaky breath. “I knew you deserved someone… someone who would stay. Someone who would fight for forgiveness, to earn it. Someone who would help you get a better life, be brave, face up to what he’s done, be better himself. For you.
“Didn’t cause enough of a racket then. Good.”
John’s nostrils flare, lips draw inwards. He bites them. Hard. Breathes out.
“Alright?”
“So, what on earth fell down there?”
“No! I mean-” Embarrassment wells up in him. “We didn’t sleep
“We have talked about this before. I am not the man you think I am, Sherlock bloody Holmes”, he sighs tiredly.
“Yes, in fact, thank you for recommending your colleague and going through every little detail with me when I couldn’t decide and felt… you know.”
We apologise for the delay (there were so many things that have gone wrong these past two weeks, lol!), and will do our best to go back to the schedule of 1 chapter per week. However, a heads up. September is a super difficult month for both of us, with a ton of things to do and arrange. So, maybe we'll be a little late again, or perhaps the day of the update will change (from the Thursday that it has always been). We will do our best to keep you updated, and please also check our tumblrs for updates and more info. Good news is, that towards the end of the month we will begin to settle.
“Oh, hey, morning” He mumbles, self-conscious, trying to shrug it off; fighting his urge to raise a palm and rub at the burning spot under his t-shirt.
Sherlock. His Sherlock, his best friend, had said that. Sherlock wants them here. Both of them. ‘Well, you do love
But he cannot stop her. Cannot read her, cannot prevent her from doing whatever she has set out to accomplish. He is not the man he used to be. He is only a fallen king, in a fallen kingdom. Defending it with sticks instead of swords.
