John walked into the room and joined his sulking boyfriend on the bed and kissed him. “You know I don’t mean it, love. If anything, I’m more grateful that you helped Rosie with her stomach pains.”
‘I would never leave the flat. I wouldn’t watch telly, I wouldn’t do anything. I’ll spend the rest of my days bawling my eyes out for you. I would avoid anything that reminded me of you, because I’ll spend so much of my time imagining that you’re still here with me, and then to see a photo of you or anything else, I’ll lose it.’
It was The Doctor. He had a wide smile on his face and extended his arms like he just performed a wondrous magic trick before their eyes.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John wanted to comment, but the baby had his hands tied. Sherlock shoved his hands in his pocket and leant against the counter as Rosie ate. John smiled softly at her as she gulped down the milk. She finished faster than he had expected, and wondered if he should have another bottle prepared in case. She burped and was instantly better. John’s eyes fell on Sherlock, who wasn’t looking at them. His head was down and bit his lips. He looked as if he were holding back more tears. John walked over to him and offered Rosie, who began smiling when her eyes met Sherlock’s.
“Nope. I’m not going to. I can’t let you go, Sherlock. I love you. I love you so much….to suffer would be not seeing you anymore, forgetting you. I know you want to help me Sherlock, but allow me this much.”
“I did.” John then thought back to the context in which he said it and then immediately he felt like an ass, maybe they weren’t back to that level of joking yet, he overstepped his boundaries, he fucked up, he fucked up bad… “I’m not great, John.”
“He finally came to me, all on his own; I couldn’t believe that he knew how to walk. He had his coat on and his violin in his hand. He told me that he couldn’t remain here any longer, to many reminders, too many memories. He said that somebody sold him a cottage in Sussex Downs, an old friend from years ago. He told me that he wasn’t coming back, and he’ll send for his stuff. And just like that, he was gone. I haven’t seen him since. And now here you are.”
'John!' Your hoarse shouts filled the flat. I was surprised that Kylie could sleep through all of that, to be honest. I had to keep telling you that I was holding you, that I had you, that you needn't call for me because I was already beside you. I thought you were crying, but you were heaving again, your poor throat after all of that. I think it took about half an hour before you actually calmed down. You sank into the bed and I pulled the covers over you. You were shaking and whimpering, but you still weren't crying. I knew, I knew that it was going to happen soon, the chemo was going to get to you, I knew that you weren't going to get away scot-free like you were so used to. I'm so sorry, for not stopping the pain, Sherlock. I was your doctor, I was supposed to stop the pain...
John didn't answer. His hand was brought up to his cheek and his leg was shaking. Mycroft shifted his gaze to Kylie.
He got up and then walked over to the sink. He squeezed the soap onto the sponge and then he started to scrub the dirty plates. He helped himself to a bowl of the leftover stew that Mrs. Hudson cooked when she babysat for Kylie while John went and got pissed. He picked up Kylie's bowl and smiled to himself. It was a Peter Pan bowl that he bought for her a while back. She pleaded for it and at first John couldn't understand why she was begging him to buy something so insignificant, then he realized that that was something Sherlock would say. Peter Pan is her favorite movie, it would only make sense for her to want everything that had the red-headed fairy painted on it. John remembered the days where he wanted every single thing that had James Bond on it. Harry threatened to rip one of his posters when they were fighting once. That seems like it was so long ago. He finished washing the dishes and then made his way back over to the living room. He tried to sit down and continue staring at the telly, but then he caught the sight of that familiar amber resting on the table and he knew what was going to happen next.
“For once in your lifetime John, you have me perplexed and I suggest you take this rare opportunity and use it to your advantage because I doubt it will happen again. Now explain. Please.”
And it didn’t matter that there was no melody to lull John to sleep that night, because having Sherlock there next to him was more soothing than any lullaby he’d ever heard.
“John, as I said, my brother had already arranged everything for this little ‘holiday’ of ours and I assumed that you would be pleased.”
John smiled warmly at Sherlock and took his hand, squeezing it gently. “It’s very good, it’s bloody amazing,” he said. “You even got my favourite movies.”
John had to admit that he was actually a little nervous about seeing Sherlock. He had still seemed slightly guarded during their conversation at the library, and so although John genuinely enjoyed Sherlock’s company and wanted to spend more time with him, he couldn’t say for sure whether or not Sherlock felt the same about him.
Sherlock closed the curtains on the long paned windows in the sitting room. The sky outside was turning a muddy shade of blue, getting darker by the minute it seemed. He sniffled, rolling up his sleeves and looking around the flat for anything else that was out of place.
The detective chuckled under his breath and didn’t stop in his typing. “I don’t know John; I think I quite like this. Now your readers are getting the
Sherlock arrived at the hospital the moment visiting hours began. He gave the description of the man; short, blond hair like sand, a light checkered shirt and dark blue jeans, and the woman at the front desk confirmed that he had been rushed in the night before. Sherlock was denied his name and access to his room, but all it took was a flash of Mycroft’s card, and before he knew it, Sherlock Holmes was on his way to see Doctor John Watson.
John took a deep breath and closed his eyes, thinking back to the last time he and Sherlock had gotten off together.
He slowly but surely made his way down, and was by John’s side in a flurry. He carefully turned him over, noting the cut near his temple and the way he was holding his midsection.
It was a few hours later, and John had finally finished his book, which he had almost been dreading seeing as he had no idea what to do to entertain himself afterward.
The silence that followed John’s words was painfully palpable, Sherlock’s face entirely unreadable until he spoke.
Sherlock smirked and reached out to take the proffered cardigan. He pulled it on over his dress shirt and promptly returned to his relaxed position on the sofa.
“Alright, alright,” John sighed, resting his head back tiredly. He closed his eyes for a moment, still trying to adjust to the light. “Are you with the police, then?” he asked.
His thoughts were interrupted by the door bursting open and Sherlock blundering in, large white snowflakes sprinkled on his hair and coat.
“Listen, um, I know you said this sort of stuff isn’t really your area, but I was wondering if you’d maybe like to go get a coffee sometime. As a…as a date.”
Seb wrinkled his nose in distaste before stomping off back down the field, muttering under his breath as he went.
Bleary eyed, John sat up in bed and checked his phone. There were two messages from Sherlock. The first one was some sort of audio file, and the second one simply read
“Well, you are. You are one of the bravest people I’ve ever met. You are kind, loving, and ridiculously patient. Not to mention thoughtful, understanding, and pretty damn smart to boot,” he said with a soft smile.
“I haven’t stopped, alright? I’ve just been busy. These last two cases took the life out of me and we’ve been swamped at the surgery.”
Attempting to shake the unwelcome nerves, John threw off his duvet and practically jumped out of bed. He quickly changed out of his pyjamas, stopped off at the loo, and headed into the sitting room to see if Sherlock was up. Knowing him, John thought, he probably would’ve already turned the kitchen into a makeshift lab.
John smiled fondly as he watched Sherlock stalk grumpily past the bookshelves in his haste. He looked back to the table and glanced around at all the books and papers taking up half the space and wondered what it was Sherlock was experimenting on. And he sincerely hoped that fetching a book wasn’t actually the only reason Sherlock asked him there.
“John,” Sherlock said, looking at him suspiciously. “You’re rather flustered for half-eight in the morning.”
But Sherlock paid him no mind. They needed to talk about this and John had been avoiding the subject for far too long.
Sherlock pulled the case into the middle of the floor and opened it up. He carefully took out the bow and violin and got up to stand by the window near his desk. He rested the violin on his thigh and plucked a few strings to make sure it was in tune before tucking it under his chin.
“The bathroom is down the hall, the bedrooms are over there, and all of that nonsense,” Sherlock said, waving his hand around in arbitrary directions. He was dressed in a navy blue dressing gown that hung loosely off his shoulders and billowed around his ankles as he moved.
Suddenly, John heard Sherlock moving his chair closer, and he could tell that his friend was just about bumping knees with him.
After only a half an hour of boredom, spent texting Lestrade details and going over notes from the other victims, Dr. Watson began to stir. Sherlock looked up in surprise, tucking his phone away. He stood, took off his Belstaff and laid it aside.
“Just breathe. You’ll be all right,” Sherlock said soothingly. He really did always know what to do, John thought.
“You know what? We’re out of firewood. I’m gonna go get some more. I’ll stay out of your hair, yeah?” John grabbed his coat off the hook and stormed out the door.
Sherlock huffed. “For god’s sake, John. A small cabin in the woods, a roaring fire, snow falling outside, it’s the making of one of those terrible romance novels you read.”
As the evening went on, the friendly warmth wore off, leaving behind the usual discomfort that John felt around his drunken friends and reminding him why he hadn’t hung out with them like this in a while. He really shouldn’t have dragged Sherlock along, he thought.
“Yeah, I know, thank you,” John replied sarcastically, his head landing back on the pillow with a plop.
He knew it was getting late. He knew he should go to bed soon. But he couldn’t. Because all he could see was the suspect from the case they had solved earlier that night. The man had looked to be somewhere in his late thirties, with dark brown hair thinning slightly at the top. He spoke with a familiar Irish lilt and his dark brown eyes seemed to flicker with a malevolent glint.
“Sod it; I need some air.” John shook his head, mentally chastising himself for giving Sherlock the reaction that he wanted, but he simply couldn’t stand to be in the room any longer.
Once everything was ordered and ready, John made his way back to their booth and set everything on the table before sitting back down.
“PTSD, yes. He’ll never admit it. We don’t talk about it. Now, you were leaving?” Sherlock asked, getting ready to turn around, back to his mindless organizing.
John had come home from the medical conference earlier that afternoon and was immediately swept up in a case with Sherlock, leaving him no time to bring up Sherlock’s recent violin playing habits.
John awoke to the incessant sound of typing infiltrating his ear canals. He groaned groggily and craned his head up a bit, wincing at the crick in his neck that had no doubt formed from falling asleep on the sofa. He sniffed and looked over to his right where he saw Sherlock settled at the table in the sitting room, typing away like a mad man, on John’s laptop, no less.
John was sprawled out on the sofa, practically sinking into the cushions, his arms and legs lying limp and his face scrunched up against a pillow. He looked as if he hadn’t moved from that exact position in hours, and he didn’t even turn his head to look at Sherlock.
John closed his eyes and rested his head back, waiting to hear Sherlock’s familiar footfalls on the steps.
It was a few more minutes before Sherlock stopped being sick, and when he was finally done, he rested his forehead on the lid of the toilet seat in pure exhaustion.
“He is, Sherlock, just let it go,” John called back. “Yes, love, you could be as tall as Uncle Mycroft one day, if you keep eating your vegetables like papa says you should.“
“Oi, who let the freak in?” Sebastian laughed, looking to Sherlock with a greasy smile to match his greasy black hair.
“Told me what? We talked about tea cozies for a good five minutes. I think my ears were ready to fall off.”
“I’m not stupid, you know,” John said after a few more moments, his hands ever-fidgeting in his lap.
In that time, John had also continued to attempt to memorize the faces of the people close to him. He would bid Lestrade a tad longer farewell, would hug Mrs. Hudson just a fraction of a second more, and even opted to visit Harry on one weekend. And then there was Sherlock, who he would sometimes stare at for long intervals when the detective was invested in some book, or John’s laptop, more often. He looked at Sherlock the most out of anyone, wanting desperately to keep the image of his eccentric best friend as crisp and fresh in his mind as he could.
The moment the door was open, Sherlock flew to John’s side and knelt down beside him, wasting no time in beginning to free John of his restraints.
After staying silent for a good couple of minutes, John got himself up out of his chair and went to the fireplace to start building up some flames.
“Well, she didn’t work with her hands, that’s for sure,” John said with confidence as he felt the perfectly manicured fingertips of the recent murder victim, who lay on her side in the middle of a small bedroom. Sherlock was crouched next to John, watching him as he worked, and looking up occasionally to Lestrade, who stood over them.
“I swear that woman has it out to get me. Honestly, I melt one pair of goggles and suddenly she’s got a vendetta.”
“That’s hardly important. Any details you can give me will be of use, but you’re tired, I can tell. Sleep, get your rest, you’ll be here for a few days. I’ll go alert the nurses.” Sherlock gathered his coat and began to head to the door.
A mottled grey sky stretched over the rugby pitch as John stood on the sidelines with his teammates as they prepared for the game ahead. His coach was busy barking off last minute instructions, but John was only vaguely listening as he absentmindedly stretched his limbs and scanned through the crowd of people all gathered in the stands.
They watched the film in companionable silence for another few minutes before Sherlock spoke, his voice quiet as if he weren’t sure whether or not he wanted John to hear.
“John?” Sherlock asked carefully. He put a hand on his arm, trying to keep him still. “It’s alright, wake up,” he tried.
“You also said that some people had sort of…pressured you into drinking, right? That they said it was an experiment.”
It was a little while later, and John and Sherlock were just about halfway through the film, which so far Sherlock seemed to be enjoying despite his frequent critiques of various plot points.
John immediately rushed forward to kneel next to the man on the ground. Everyone else seemed to be too busy ooh-ing and aw-ing to care about whether or not he was actually okay.
A bit less fluffy than the last chapter, but I hope you enjoyed! As always, thanks so much for reading! ^^
Sherlock picked up his pace upon seeing John and soon joined him at the end of the pitch. There was a slight flush in Sherlock’s cheeks and nose from the cold that John couldn’t help but find oddly endearing, but he quickly pushed those thoughts aside.
Sherlock turned and sat down in his own chair, looking just as flustered as John felt. “I didn’t mean to leave you feeling the way you did. I was simply overwhelmed. The deductions just…I didn’t know what to say,” he admitted.
“Sherlock!” she greeted warmly, wrapping an arm around his shoulders and pulling him in. “It’s not like you to be here so late. And what’s happened to your face, young man?” she asked, gesturing to the forming bruise underneath his eye.
“To get my things, obviously. I do need at least one extra shirt to get me through the remainder of the holiday.”
After a few minutes, John slowly lowered the tissues, checking to make sure that the bleeding had stopped.
John chuckled bitterly. “You know it’s true, though. Look at how I’ve been in the last week; I can barely tell where I’m going half the time. I’m dropping my job at the surgery tomorrow, not that I’ve been working much as of late anyway. I’m going to need to start learning braille, and thinking about other career options—“
Once John sat down, Sherlock extended his feet again until his toes were just about touching John’s thigh. John startled slightly at the touch, but Sherlock appeared completely unaffected, his eyes already fixed on the television.
“It’s perfectly alright,” the man amended, “as I said, this is a difficult spot for anyone to be in. As a doctor though you also must know that the severity of the vision loss is varied at times. You may retain a small amount of your sight; you may lose all of it. Perhaps you will only be able to distinguish shapes. All in time, doctor.”
“I said, that was completely, wholly unnecessary. I was perfectly fine,” Sherlock seethed through gritted teeth.
He made his way over to the table by the large window where Sherlock sat, his eyes glued to the phone in his palm. He was dressed in a deep red button-up and a thin black cardigan, looking casual but still put-together.
The small sitting room was dimly lit with the television on low volume, and what Sherlock saw when he looked to his left was not at all what he’d been expecting.
Sherlock took a deep breath and stood a bit taller. He looked John right in the eyes and began to speak.
It was now the night of Christmas Eve, and Sherlock was flopped on the sofa having just finished playing a round of Christmas songs on his violin, per John’s request, while John was stood at the kitchen counter fixing himself a cup of tea.
Sherlock grinned and steepled his fingers together. He knew John wasn’t able to remember much, but all he needed to know was that he remembered anything at all.
The duo arrived at Angelo’s just a few short minutes later and took the prime spot by the window. John set his cane down next to him, and so did Sherlock, as he had brought John’s old cane with him.
Finally, they backed off, but only because Tom had somehow managed to pry John’s shirt off and was dragging it back with him victoriously.
John stopped Sherlock mid-sentence when he reached out and slowly took the violin from his hands. He carefully placed the instrument onto Sherlock’s chair before turning back to him.
John smiled warmly and pulled Sherlock into a bruising hug. It felt like a huge weight had been lifted off his chest, like he was lighter than air and didn’t have to worry about anything anymore.
Sherlock smirked. “You know,” he said, pressing his mouth to John’s ear and whispering roughly, “I think you would look quite sexy with glasses.”
The doctor just let out a low growl and put a hand over his eyes. Sherlock stopped short, and slowly turned to face his friend. He cleared his throat awkwardly.
“There’s more room, so you won’t feel as cramped. I know feeling trapped can be part of the problem, right?”
John! You’ve been pickin’ nothing but truth this whole time an’ now you’re just gonna leave? Let us have
“Did you want any?” John asked, motioning to the plate. “Or I do have things with slightly more nutritional value, if you prefer.”
Sherlock shuffled into the room and John listened as he let out a long sigh, tossed off his shoes and let his blazer drop to the floor. He waited until Sherlock had put his pyjamas on before even thinking about saying something, too caught up in the fact that Sherlock was actually there and might finally be joining him in bed.
After exchanging their gifts, Sherlock and John had sat down in front of the telly with a breakfast of toast and jam and watched a bit of whatever Christmas film had happened to be on, much to Sherlock’s chagrin.
John wondered if he’d overstepped, if Sherlock was for some reason uncomfortable with him coming over, and his chest was just beginning to stir with mild panic when his phone buzzed in his hand.
“I want you to feel my hand, and tell me what you can deduce about me just by using your sense of touch.”
John was likely not in the mood to talk or accept any apologies, but Sherlock couldn’t stand to sit at the table when he knew that John was hurting somewhere else, so he got up and made his way to the gents.
“Papa?” he heard Hamish ask. “Daddy says you don't feel good. I want to help.” Sherlock finally finished filling the hot water bottle, wrapped a tea towel around it and walked quickly back to John.
John was still able to see certain shapes and figures, and different levels of light, which he was grateful for, but it didn’t take long for him to begin to miss the sights and colours of Baker Street, and the familiar scenes of London floating by in a cab window.
Satisfied with his answer, John tucked his phone away in his pocket and appreciated the view out his window for the remainder of the ride.
John pinched himself just to make sure, a bit too hard, maybe, but effective. Just as he’d predicted earlier, the pain in his shoulder was now reduced to a mild ache. He’d have some trouble lifting his left arm fully for a few days, but other than that, he knew he'd be okay.
Sherlock grinned like the Cheshire cat and John couldn’t hold back a laugh. The odds were never in their favor, but it appeared that some unseen force was granting them luck that day.
“You’ve tripped a total of three times today, two of them being in the last fifteen minutes. I do hate to repeat myself but I will ask again, is there something the matter, John?” Sherlock sounded more irritated than concerned.
Sherlock only grunted in irritation. “John, you’re disrupting my concentration. Though now that you’re awake, remind me, what was the name of the pub we found the suspect in on our last case?”
“I’ll always find you.” Sherlock said, staring right into John’s eyes. “I’ll always find you, John, because you’re always there. Over my shoulder, at my side, right behind me. That’s why I don’t notice when you leave, because I think you’re still there.”
When the cab pulled up to 221b, Sherlock paid the driver and hopped out of the car immediately after, rushing over to open John’s door for him. John hoped that his sudden courtesy wouldn’t last for long, because he really didn’t need Sherlock to mollycoddle him.
By midmorning, John was already halfway done with a book, but would have been three quarters of the way done if he hadn’t kept looking up from the sofa at Sherlock, who was busy sorting through various leaves on the kitchen table.
“You’re missing the point, Sherlock. I’m human, okay? Just remember that whenever you think I’m acting strange.”
“Yeah, right.” John chuckled. He fiddled absently with a stray pencil for a moment before looking back to Sherlock, who was already honed in on his screen and typing at breakneck speed. “Is that, um, is that all you needed me for?”
“It’s child’s play, John. His therapist has gone round the twist; the man is losing his mind and so he decided to make others believe they’re losing theirs as well.”
Hamish, however, did not understand that silent communication and stood stock still, indecision written in the way he chewed nervously at his thumb.
“The case was Janine’s missing dog. I found said dog traipsing through shrubbery in the park. Case closed.” Sherlock pouted.
Sherlock huffed and finally looked away from his screen. “Well I can hardly risk getting up and leaving all of my things out for people to steal at their leisure,” he said.
“Ten,” Sherlock said, smirking when he looked up to see that Lestrade had fled, and he could hear him bickering with Anderson down the hall.
Sherlock watched John leave the room with a small wave back and then turned his attention to his oldest brother. "Long time no see little brother." Ford chuckled, ruffling Sherlock's matted curls.
The trainee's gaze turned to the open doorway, where DJ had stopped to speak privately to Beth. He shot John a smile when he caught him looking but John only bit his lip and glanced back to Sherlock. "You know it's against protocol. I can't." Sherlock mumbled something under his breath and frowned. 'I'm already in deep. Perhaps he'd sleep better...and I could get some sleep to.' John shook his head and smiled at Sherlock as he toed off his shoes and took off the doctor's coat he was required to wear. "Come here." The younger teen beamed up at John and rearranged his position until his was curled around John and listening to the young doctor's heartbeat. John's arm automatically curled around the younger boy's shoulders and his thumb circled soothingly on the cool skin that was exposed out of the hospital gown.
John wasn't good enough, that he could tell right off. He could practically see the thoughts flying by in her eyes. "How lovely." Her tone was flat, and her eyes were fixated on her youngest son who was now bouncing their daughter around in circles. Sherlock was every bit the dotting mother he had feared he wouldn't be when they had first bonded. Addison was his world and he showed it with every action everyday. John was so proud of the man Sherlock was. Addy's laugh echoed in the confines of the home and her smile could light up the sky, but even that did not thaw out Mrs. Holmes, who was glaring at her youngest now. John resisted the urge to growl and instead left the woman to give his mate a long, loving kiss. He heard her huff behind him but he really didn't care. This was his mate and he was allowed to show the affection in public or his mate's parents' house if he so chose.
"Of course we can get a flat together. I don't want you out of my sight either love. And I'd never make you go back, although you do need to attend class." John's hand petted the matted curls. Maybe it was that broken sob, or the way that Sherlock had stated his question that had broken John along with him, but it didn't matter to John. All that mattered was that the one person he loved was sobbing, broken and so utterly tired of living was lying in his arms and begging him to keep him alive. And John would kill every last person to cause the brilliant teenager pain if he knew he get away with it. "There are so many awful people in this world 'Lock. It takes strength to get through it, but I want to be here for you. Will you let me help you?"
She glanced in the mirror with a sinful smile before dashing out the door on her way to work. She was working an earlier shift then usual, in order to spend more time with John. Though he was always in that one teenagers room. It was odd, but that patient seemed to need him twenty-four seven. She was determined to find a time alone with him if it killed them.
Someone nearby clears their throat earning a harsh glare from Sherlock. "Go away Victor. You've done your civil duty." His voice is deep and icy, like a cave hidden in the winter months. Victor looks wearily between the two teenagers as he stands.
"You're telling me. You left me with 'Croft for a whole year. Where have you been?" Suddenly the seventeen-year-old felt younger, more vulnerable, just like the first time Sherrinford had left the family home. It's not that the youngest Holmes blamed his older brother. After all, their parents weren't the best and Ford was just trying to make a life for himself. But he'd been left with only Mycroft for company after school, and it was already bad enough when he went to school.
John smiled softly as he stepped across the threshold of 221B, drinking in the sight of his daughter and his lover sleeping peacefully on the couch. Addison, being only six months old, was held securely against Sherlock's strong chest, her head nestled in the junction between his neck and shoulder. John had left the two of them, one screaming and the other desperately trying to calm the girl down, this morning in order to work a shift at his privately owned clinic. It was steadily growing, since the alpha had employed two other doctors to work on days he could not, but it was nice to be able to work himself and make sure everything was going smoothly. After all, Sherlock was still unable to allow many people near Addison, and had not taken a proper case since the middle of his pregnancy. John was surprised at how well behaved his omega was. He expected Sherlock to be climbing the walls by now.
As the little family finished their early lunch, a knock sounded resolutely downstairs, startling the mates. Addy looked between her parents in apparent confusion, trying to decide who she wanted first. She settled for Sherlock as dear Ms. Hudson bustled to the door, shaking her head as whoever was there started to head straight up. Sherlock cradled his daughter close, smelling the combined scent of himself and John and reassurance as their former pack Alpha, head of the Holmes clan, stepped calmly through the door into the disaster that was the common area. His ashen mouth set into a thin line of disapproval, turning his face into hard, angular lines. Sherlock glanced down, uncharacteristically anxious as the man stepped closer to the family. Everything about him screamed aristocratic, and John could definitely tell the similarities that marked the two as father and son. The same posh nose, curly hair and facial ticks. John wondered if his omega got his beauty from his mother, because the Alpha in front of him was handsome in a rich sort of way, but not in the way that John had once envisioned of his parents-in-law. It didn't help that Sherlock didn't have any family photos, or even photos of himself at a young age.
John stared at him before grinning. "That's amazing! What can you tell about me?" Sherlock stared at the ground, frowning. Nothing good came out of someone challenging him. They always made fun of him, or got pissed off. "Please? I wanna see it!" John placed a warm hand on Sherlock's shoulder, snapping the omega out of his mind palace.
Addy bounced impatiently in the arms of her mother and glanced between her parents. "Go!" She giggled at her own joke and both alpha and omega moved in to kiss her rosy cheeks. She giggled again and basked in the attention.
"Now why would I do something so stupid John?" Sherlock asked dryly, watching with interest as they unhooked the other machines.
Mycroft's voice drifted from the speakers, softly spoken as if he didn't want to wake his mate up. Sherlock reasoned that he probably didn't. "A trip to Mummy's?" John's eyes raised as he placed the phone on speaker and got back to buggering his omega properly. Sherlock yelped as he was jostled around, the phone balanced on his stomach. "Yes, she has requested all of our presence for Christmas." John grabbed at Sherlock's dick, tugging pleasantly. Sherlock bit back the groan and panted harshly, glaring at the challenge in his alpha's eyes and clenching tighter around the doctor in response. John's face screwed up as he held in his own moans. "Why?" Sherlock finally managed, hands reaching out to his mate and grabbing a fistful of that wonderful sandy hair.
Their daughter babbled away as they unloaded her from the car, pointing at every interesting thing they passed and giggling. Her joyful laugh and smile made her parents grin, even as Sherlock's stomach turned into a knotted mess of anxiety. Addy was somewhere new and exciting and couldn't help but be curious of everything she saw. She definitely took after Sherlock in that regard. His curiosity was a thing of beauty and wonder. And Addy was no different. Servants were carrying their two cases into the house for them so John's hands felt quite empty and he wasn't sure what to do. How was he supposed to act around his omega's parents? He didn't come from a high class family, had no clue of the proper behavior when meeting someone from the upper class. Sherlock turned to look at him and shook his head. "Be yourself my love." His deep baritone washed over John, calming the tense alpha a bit. He didn't want to be here anymore than Sherlock, but they were going to face this challenge together.
Sherlock shook his head and headed inside, glaring at the floor and refusing to look at his teacher for the duration of his lecture.
"Mycroft. Why is your omega bruised?" Her voice was overly sweet, grating on the nerves of the alphas in the room. Sherlock's eyes were strained around the edges as he watched his mom glare at his older brother. In all his years, Sherlock had never seen his mum get angry at his older brother, even when she knew that it was his fault and not Sherlock's. She had always unleashed her anger on the younger sibling. Mycroft sighed and pulled Lestrade closer. "He is a Detective Inspector with Scotland Yard, Mummy. Bruises are the least of my worries in his line of work."
"Lay with me? Please?" He wouldn't look John in the eyes as he shifted restlessly in his hospital bed. There was a sheepishness to his look that hadn't been there a year ago when they had shared a cot during a camping trip.
"Fuck off Victor!" Sherlock growled out, jerking out of the older boy's hold and racing down the campus, only stopping when he reached the steps to the chemistry labs. Victor had a funny way of letting his customers pay for the drugs he supplied. Never once did Sherlock want to take this payment type, because, really, why would he? Victor took pleasure, never gave, and the act itself was repulsive. But that didn't stop the older boy from taking what he wanted from Sherlock, on multiple occasions.
"Hey, Holmes!" Sherlock ducked his head and increased his pace across the grounds, hoping to avoid the twenty-one year old student running up behind him. "Hey, I was talking to you." Victor Trevor breathed down Sherlock's ear, making the boy flinch and shiver. The brown-haired boy just grinned in response and grabbed his arse, making Sherlock yelp in shock. "How about we go back to my dorm room. Got a fresh batch of the good stuff."
"Watson! Possible OD patient on level five, room three. They put you on rotation. We already took some samples, but he needs to be watched over." DJ Davis stuck his head into John's little office and smiled at him. "Also, the person who brought him in thinks he tried to commit suicide. Beth is in there at the moment." DJ was a kind man, with light brown hair and a freckled complexion. He was handsome in an awkward sort of way, all limbs with hardly any bone. John nodded to him with a small smile and stretched before heading to the fifth level to check on the alleged suicidal patient.
When the doctor felt close, he pulled back, smiling at Sherlock's disgruntled attempted to get back his treat. "I want to come inside you. I want to lock you to me so you always know who you belong to." Sherlock mewled, beyond talking at this stage in his arousal and reached out greedily to his alpha, his John. But the doctor wouldn't move closer until he was sure his mate was situated comfortably. After all, the man was carrying John;s children, the least the alpha could do was help keep him comfortable. When the pillow was stuffed under Sherlock's hips, relieving some of the pressure on his lower back from the twins, John grinned down at him and lined up, hands holding strong hips. He teased against the open hole, watching Sherlock's confused panting turn to frustration. "John!" He whined, hand reaching out for the alpha to pull him closer and inside all at once.
"That's quite a story. Is that why you rarely take notice of the flirting from the nurses?" DJ asked him. John nodded his confirmation and looked up at the creaking of the door. Mycroft Holmes stood there, looking down at the three trainees impassively, but John could detect the slight hint of regret behind the mask that the older Holmes had placed over his emotions. It took no words to convey what he meant to the young trainee, but a simple nod from both to understand that Mycroft would back off on whatever relationship John and Sherlock decided to forge from this experience. The man was soon gone again, leaving a frowning DJ and a thoughtful Beth as well as a happier John Watson in his wake.
"Don't do that. It's not your fault 'Lock. We knew there was a risk. I don't care. So long as you are mine, I absolutely do not care what happens." John whispered back fiercely, gently sitting up and hugging Sherlock to him once again. "I love you and nothing is going to change that."
Mary followed John out the door, chatting away about nothing in particular as they headed towards the first floor labs. John's mind was entirely preoccupied with the boy lying int he hospital bed, so he didn't notice how close Mary had gotten until she grabbed for his hand. He pulled gently out her grasp and went on explaining some obscure experiment Sherlock had performed their last year in school, laughing as he remembered the younger boy's surprised face when the experiment had failed.
"Who was that?" John asked once they were alone again, watching his fingers gently gliding over Sherlock's bandaged wrist.
"What do you want Mycroft? I've got this well underhand. Sherlock is sorry for what he did, and he's no longer a child you can coddle and tell when to jump. In fact, it's your fault that he's in this bed." John commented off-handedly, rubbing circles into Sherlock's hand with his thumb. Sherlock made a humming noise of affirmation and curled closer towards John as Mycroft approached the bed.
"As if I could hurt your brother Mycroft. I always feared Sherlock would get bored of me, as I'm not nearly as extraordinary as him, but what you did is unacceptable. You hurt your brother more so by cutting off communications. I would never have let him progress this far, in fact, there's not one instance in which he was unhappy with me. You're talking from your past experiences with relationships, but our relationship was never a normal one." John's eyes never left Sherlock's face as he talked, though his words were clearly directed towards the older Holmes who seethed with anger. His thoughts boiled with hate, for a reason Mycroft could never quite grasp. He'd always hated John Watson, however.
Almost as if he'd been called, John Watson trudged through the doors and blinked owlishly at the curly-haired omega from before. Grey, 'weren't they green?' eyes stared back at John, searching into the depths of those blue orbs and feeling a shy smile spread across his face. John thought the omega was rather cute, with a sharp, angular face and eyes that changed colour even as they stood there. His curly hair, which had looked auburn in the sun, now looked a dark brown. He was taller then the alpha as well, with thin, pale limbs. He looked too skinny for someone of his height, but it suited him.
John smiled at the familiar deduction process that Sherlock used and nodded his head. "Why would you do this to yourself?"
The two teenagers continued staring at one another as the older two brothers discussed schedules, room assignments and classes for the omega. They managed to secure Sherlock a room with young John, though it was normally against school policy unless the two were intended bonds or siblings. Neither of the teens listened to the headmistress argue with Mycroft and barely heard that they were to room together in the omega/alpha wing of the omega dormitories.
Both of his older brothers nodded solemnly and left the room quietly, glaring at each other in the hallway. John relaxed as the two left, feeling his hands move automatically to comfort the boy in his arms. His life had turned upside down with the realization that this boy he'd so loved back in secondary school was back in his life. Now, it was as if nothing had really changed, except Sherlock wasn't in the hospital because a bully beat him up in John's place, but put there by his own hand.
Mummy's hard gaze turned to the alpha currently entertaining his daughter. He could feel the laser stare but didn't look in her direction as Addy wiggled, smile wide on her beautiful face. Sherlock came over and kissed both their cheeks, smiling fondly. "Mummy," his voice was like warm honey and all of his attention was focused on his family, "this is my alpha, John Watson-Holmes, and our daughter, Addison Watson-Holmes." John turned to smile his best smile at the mother of his mate and watched her face rearrange into a neutral expression. He thought he caught some hostility in that look before she could finish, however. Addy waved happily at her grandmother, giggling as her mother pressed a gentle kiss on her chubby cheek. "Ma!" She reached for her mother and was gratefully accepted. The little girl giggled and looked at Sherlock like he hung the moon. He didn't deserve her or John, but here they were anyway. John held out a hand. "Nice to meet you ma'am." He put on a little charm, smile wide and innocent. Mummy shook her hair behind her head and sniffed.
"John." The posh voice greeted. John rolled his eyes but stood up and bowed slightly to his pack alpha. "And where, pray tell, is my niece?" The older Holmes asked, glancing around and not finding the little girl or her mother.
"Sherlock Holmes. I think we'll get along nicely John." And the omega surprised himself as he took the tan hand and smiled back at the alpha. Already there was a connection between the two, but as soon as their skin touched one-on-one, a bright light flashed in their minds and the soul-bond had been completed. Sherlock frowned for a moment as he contemplated what had happened. His brothers were snickering to themselves in the background, silently applauding Sherlock as they watched the ribbon flare to life for a heartbeat as it wrapped itself around John's hand and Sherlock's own. There was no doubt in either alpha's mind that this was the alpha meant for their little brother.
Sherrinford Holmes had always been particularly protective of his youngest brother. Mycroft was only a couple years younger than himself, but Sherlock had the age gap of nine years between them. He was the baby of the family, the surprise to Mum and Dad when the other two were younger. Of course, it never reduced how much the family cared for the curly-haired genius running around the estate.
"I'll show you around and then we can talk about the...uh, yea, when we get back to our room. And I suppose I'll have to move my stuff from Damian's room later today too." John's thoughts fired off rapidly. Sherlock inwardly shook his head and smiled shyly up at the alpha. It was a weird feeling, to feel like one belongs to another, completely body and soul, to meld to one another's actions and thoughts. The omega was curious and terrified. What did love feel like to a teenager that had never been interested in another person before his soul-bond? How did one know they were in love? The foreign feelings were unpleasant and impossible to forget, but Sherlock wasn't sure he would've given them up if given the chance. He felt wanted by this alpha, who barely knew him. More wanted then he ever felt at home with his mother and absent father, and twin brothers that rarely visited him any more. So Sherlock followed John as they traipsed around school grounds and retrieved the alpha's items while Damian was out at rugby practice.
"Sherlock?" A quiet knock and the sweet scent that was all John floated to Sherlock as he stared at the ceiling, one hand caressing his twins and the other loosely clenched in the bed sheets. The detective quietly sat up, staring at John as the man approached, their exhausted daughter cradled in his arms securely. She looked like a little angel, thumb in mouth and face relaxed in sleep. Sherlock never wanted to cause her any pain, or make her think she was less then she was. He didn't understand how his parents could treat him so callously. His children were his entire world. Well, them and the handsome alpha currently smiling sadly at him. Sherlock smiled gently up at his mate, a small thing in comparison to the larger grins they share at Baker Street, but a smile nonetheless to help reassure the doctor.
"Of course I still love Sherlock. He's the only person I've ever truly loved. I've missed him, no thanks to you." Blue eyes stared into cold grey ones, challenging the older man. "I would've died for him, I still would if the situation called for it."
"Oh for fuck's sake." John growled as he exited Sherlock's room, glaring at the two brothers. The young trainee had left Sherlock sleeping peacefully, and fully intended to return after getting something to drink from the staff's lounge. Instead he had walked straight into world war three between the oldest Holmes in the lobby of the hospital. Patients of all sorts were staring at them, doe-eyed and apprehensive. John grabbed each brother by the ear and dragged them to one of the examination rooms, muttering under his breath about incompetent brothers and suicidal teenagers.
John hefted both bags over his shoulder as he returned, kissing his daughter on the cheek and his mate gently, communicating everything he couldn't say out loud. He loved Sherlock so much and he wished there was something he could do to help his mate. Instead, he was stuck and helpless as his mate was forced back to the life he had run away from and to deal with a man he thought had disowned him years ago. Why they had decided to invite him back this year, he wasn't sure, but he knew it couldn't be any good.
The bed in the suite was just as comfortable as Sherlock would imagine it should be, but it did not ease the ache in his heart. The twins kicked away uneasily, this little bodies stretching the skin of his belly every so often like little parasites getting ready to burst through their host. Sherlock once again mused, much like he had often during his first pregnancy, how that wasn't so inaccurate a description of children. The fetus was little more than a parasite, unable to survive outside it's host body, in this case their mother, until at least twenty-four to twenty-five weeks. Even then, it's definitely safer for the little ones to continue to survive inside their mother until as close to the due date as possible, to give them the best chance at life of course. John wasn't appreciative of Sherlock's thoughts when he was pregnant with Addy, regardless of how true it was but the detective couldn't stop the way he thought. He loved his little parasites, a mutually beneficial arrangement in the end.
Mary smiled easily once again and smirked at John, who just stared back and shrugged. "Hey, Lock, I'll be right back okay?" The young doctor commented, squeezing Sherlock's hand from where it shot out to clasp John's rough one. Sherlock just stared back at him, broken and scared, but not willing to show that in front of the nurse, who was watching him with contempt. "I'll hurry, promise." Sherlock nodded and let go, picking at the linens and counting the minutes.
The next day was Sherlock's first day of his brand new school. He had finally persuaded his parents that the knowledge they taught at the all omega school was useless. They were sending him to the local secondary school that was within walking distance of Holmes Manor. His older brothers, Mycroft and Sherrinford, insisted they do the honour of walking their baby brother to his new school. Sherlock was more than a little bit annoyed at this, and, considering he wasn't coming home until the end of term, quite a bit angry too.
"How good to see you Mummy." Mycroft drawled, even his tone sounded disinterested. John could detect the underlying nerves though, probably due to the pack link between the four men. Mummy's face lit up as she turned around, embracing her oldest with the same tightness she had embraced Sherlock with earlier, although she was far less stern with Mycroft. The older alpha's face remained closed off, his lips quirking into a smile that didn't reach his eyes. He hated that his parents played favorites. He wished he'd seen it as a kid and rescued Sherlock sooner. Perhaps then his brother might have had a healthier outlook on his person. But, he was young and only interested in advancing his own career. Sherlock had John now, and they were happy, Mycroft mused quietly as he took in his brother's little family.
Sherlock glanced at his alpha, watching as the man gently packed Addy's toys in her bag and double checked she had enough nappies and food. He was the best case scenario for Sherlock. A kind and loving alpha who adored his offspring as much as he adored his mate. He spoiled Sherlock with affection and love, like Sherlock was one of the rare wonders of the world. Sometimes, when John thinks he's not looking, Sherlock catches his mate staring at him in awe and bewilderment. Why he felt so unimportant, Sherlock didn't understand. The omega was the lucky one. He managed to mate not only a doctor, but a captain in the army. His mate was kind and tough, loving and stern when needed and never treated Sherlock like anything less than a person just because Sherlock gives birth to their children. In fact, his alpha treats him like royalty, as if he is something to worship because he can give birth to John's children.
Inside the car, John wrapped himself around Sherlock and murmured sweet nothings in his ear as Sherlock started to whimper. "Christ, why didn't you tell me?" The alpha asked as the omega doubled over when a fierce wave of cramps washed over him. "Oh, my perfect omega. It'll be alright love, we'll be there soon." John crooned.
John watched his small family for a bit before going into the kitchen to start dinner, a simple pasta as Sherlock's stomach was still rather sensitive. The twins were wrecking havoc on his system this pregnancy. But...he still glowed. He was still as gorgeous as he had been when he was pregnant with Addy. The doctor adored his mate. He couldn't imagine life without Sherlock by his side and was glad that he likely wouldn't have to. Even when Sherlock had fallen, some part of John had held on to the belief the omega would come back, and it made the pain bearable. Not to mention the little hints Mycroft would drop about his brother's whereabouts.
Sherlock nudged his alpha as John climbed onto the bed with him, hands restlessly moving across Sherlock's belly and feeling the firmness of their child growing within him. John dropped a kiss to that swollen belly and smiled as he moved further up the bed, catching Sherlock's lips in a slow kiss. "I love you so much, both of you." John smiled at him, stroking the side of his mate's face and leaning down to kiss Sherlock again. Sherlock's eyes softened from their lust and he leaned up to nuzzle John before kissing him deeply.
Mary continued to stare on in silence, trying to wrap her head around the idea that John could possibly be gay, and in a relationship with a suicidal patient. "What is going on?" She finally demanded, stepping further in the room and shutting the door behind her. She crossed her arms and glared at the two boys, standing over them to try to intimidate them. Sherlock adopted a bored look and flopped back in the small bed, keeping a hold of John's hand in order to ground himself.
The young trainee thought about it, about how his roommate would react to Sherlock moving in with them, or how the college would feel to find a boy from another college crashing with John every night. "We can get a new flat John. I have the money. Ford mentioned we could move in with him too. I want to be close to you, I don't want to lose you again." It was quiet again as John thought about it. "Please don't make me go back there." A whispered, broken sob which had John pulling Sherlock in tighter, kissing the teenagers temple and trying to quiet him down.
Sherlock stroked her curls away from her eyes and replied in a quiet voice, "She didn't know what to think at first, but she didn't kick up too much fuss."
The omega took a moment to comprehend all that Mycroft implied as he spoke. He had learned about the soul-bond when he was a small child, of course he had. But now he was expected to understand that the ribbon had chosen the first alpha he'd come across outside his family. Sherlock was never lucky. In fact, he was hateful, rude and sarcastic. He doesn't possess qualities that would fit the omega stereotype. He nodded slowly, suddenly shy around the alpha. Mycroft nodded and left the office. Sherrinford flashed a winning smile and waved before jogging after his twin, looking over his shoulder every few meters.
Sherlock hiccuped and glanced away from his alpha as he quietly told John what was wrong. John laughed gently and tugged Sherlock closer to him, kissing him with a passion that belied his gentleness. "I will never think of you as anything but gorgeous my love." John said confidently, loving the way Sherlock's face turned red at the endearment. "In fact, I'm finding you pretty damn fuckable right now. Just so tempting and delicious looking, my dear, handsome darling." Sherlock flushed an even darker red, but his pupils blew wide with intense arousal.
The omega approached his mate near the female omega's body, leaning down to study some wood chips that had situated themselves in her hair. John assumed they had been drifting in the rubbish filled Thames, and so the wood chips had stuck and refused to let go. "Good John. We'll find them in one of the warehouses on the Thames, further down the back from here. A wood factory, going by the chips stuck in their hair and clothes.
The only thing that had changed about Mycroft Holmes was the fat gathered around the edges of his middle. He still acted like a pompous arse and leaned almost gracefully against the damn umbrella his father had given him when he graduated from college. His presence still put John on edge, like he was going to have to defend himself or the defenceless boy lying next to him at any given moment.
"What have you done to yourself baby brother?" Mycroft addressed Sherlock, staring down at the boy with a blank expression. Sherlock glared back at him fiercely. His hand had tightened around John's. The older boy brushed a few stray curls back and felt Sherlock relax next to him. There was apprehension in his blue/grey eyes as he continued to glare in his older brother's direction.
"You should quit being jealous brother dear." Sherlock spoke up, his voice rough from disuse and emotions. Mycroft blinked owlishly at his younger brother. A commotion down the hall kept the man from answering. Their older brother, Sherrinford Russet Holmes burst into the room, looking frantic and worse for wear. His sight immediately zeroed in on his youngest brother, noting the way he curled around the body that sat on the bed with him. His eyes traced the hands gently soothing the young boy up to the kind face of John Watson, someone Ford had grown to love as a brother in the short year he'd known him. Ford had disapproved with his younger brother's meddling in Sherlock's love life, especially as it was so obvious how much the two teenagers loved each other.
John glanced at his mate with a curious expression. "How did Addy take it?" A newborn would either reject or accept a beta's scent, as they didn't really have one.
John...the golden-haired boy from seventh year. John Watson, the only boy in the world to think Sherlock's deductions were amazing, not freakish. When Sherlock found himself sleeping at night, he found himself dreaming of the golden-haired, ocean-eyed rugby player that introduced himself after a particularly bad run-in with the local bullies. John had charmed his way into Sherlock's cold heart and never relinquished it back. It physically hurt to move away from the boy. Sherlock missed him, missed those nights spent talking and those days spent together when they were allowed to be themselves. John kept Sherlock alive, made him happy. But John had been lost when Mycroft cut off all forms of communication with the only person Sherlock found a reason to live for.
"It's a long story DJ, I'll be right there." John waved to Ford and exchanged a cool look with Mycroft before hurrying out the door and down to Sherlock's room. The teenager himself was tossing about, disturbing the IV drip and reopening the cuts on his wrist. "Sherlock! Love, calm down!" John rushed to Sherlock's side, putting a hand on his shoulder and forcibly pushing the younger teen down. Sherlock snapped and growled at the offending hand before his mind recognized the doctor standing next to him.
"Ah, my name is John Watson. I suppose I'll be your guide." The alpha stuck a tanned hand out, which indicated to Sherlock that the boy was always outside participating in some game or another. The omega studied the boy critically and cocked his head at the deduction that sprang forth from his well-developed mind.
He was thankful then for the silk, long-sleeved T-shirts he wore when not alone in his room, because the thought of the others finding out about his shameful habit was too much. They'd never cease in their insults if they'd found out about what 'Freak' did in his room when he was feeling upset.
The younger teen flushed and buried his face back in John's neck, mumbling something like "stay," before drifting off to sleep. John smiled down at his love and agreed, arms circling the thin waist and head dropping to rest on top of Sherlock's as he fell into a deep sleep.
Greg blushed, and shuffled around more, scratching the back of his neck at Sherlock studied the other omega. "Congratulations are in order then." The younger Holmes rumbled, nodding his head at the DI, who smiled back.
Sherlock took a deep breath and glanced at John again. "You live at home with your omega dad and older beta brother. You looked up to your father, who recently died in Afghanistan. You respect omegas but never thought about forming a bond with one. You don't want your hormones to rule your life. You enjoy outdoor activities and are probably a very caring person. Sometimes you wonder if you presented wrong, because you're far too kind to be an alpha in most elder's eyes. You have two best friends, one of which you know has been checking you out when he thinks you're not paying attention. You don't know what to do about the awkward situation it creates. You've been dealing with self-harm and depression issues since last year, and your brother has fallen into drinking alcohol. You don't go home often because you don't want to deal with him. Your omega dad worries about you, so you call him every day to make sure he knows you're okay." Sherlock took another deep breath as he rattled off a list of deductions and waited for John to start yelling at him.
John sighed as he continued to run his fingers through greasy strands. "That's part of the withdrawal system love." John responded, smiling down at the pouting boy.
The younger teen gasped like a fish and whimpered as the pain in his wrist finally caught up with him. Blood had soaked the bandages again, and were leaking down onto the clean sheets. John shook his head and once again moved to change the bandages and perhaps push some stitches through the deep gashes. "You've got to quit doing this 'Lock. I'm right down the hall okay? I promise I'll stay close by while you're here, but I need sleep and food like a normal person." John's work was quick and efficient, and soon Sherlock felt his bleeding stop and the greyness at the edges of his vision disappeared.
John licked the exposed skin, his thrust getting harder until he sunk his teeth into the bondbite and shoved his hips forward, effectively piercing Sherlock and flooding his omega. Sherlock screamed around the knot and released again into the sand of the Thames. He felt sore, wrung out, having not really been as sexually active while healing from Addy and taking care of his baby girl. He whimpered as John moved them, turning on his side and cradle his omega against himself. "'M sorry love." He sighed, licking the bondbite to collect the blood that had beaded around the newer marks. Sherlock relaxed against his mate, enjoying the loving actions after the rough mating. He rubbed his stomach thoughtfully and turned his head slightly to kiss John's jaw.
"Wish we could stay here all day." Sherlock sighed unhappily. He wished that this had stayed a secret and his parents had stayed away. His little family didn't need to be inconvenienced by his family, and he really didn't want John around his sire if that was how the man still felt after all these years. Sherlock's not surprised, Siger had never been happy that he ended up with an omega son, rather than two alphas. But he had some hope that the man had at least thought about the fact that his son would never have been happy in the life he had tried to create for him. But his sire had never been the kind to care about more than the advancement of his own fortune.
Today was another one of those tedious, boring days that seemed to occupy every day at Uni for the teenager. He had only one class today, a Bio-chemistry class that proved to be less then useless in its knowledge but somehow kept Sherlock entertained enough to keep going. He'd been promised a lab today, with chemicals that could be explosive and prove vital to some research he was doing.
Sarah's hand slipped to her side as Mary sidled up to John and rubbed against his side, going to whisper in his ear. John jerked away from her touch, right into Sherlock, who caught him in surprise. John stood up straight but placed his hands over the omegas as they came to rest around his waist. Sherlock rested his chin on John's shoulder and watched the girls with a satisfied smirk. The alpha leaned further back into him and sighed. "A party sounds great, but I'm busy. After all, I still have to take my omega on our first date, right, Sher?" Sherlock rumbled his affirmation with a smile and nuzzled John's neck affectionately.
The younger teen nodded and watched John walk out of the room, leaving Ford sitting in his seat and quietly discussing something with the nurse. He looked back once more and gave Sherlock a small, reassuring smile before heading to the elevator. Sherlock followed his advice and dropped off to sleep with a smile gracing his face and his brother reading a rather complicated book out loud to him.
"She fell asleep about thirty-five minutes before you got here." His omega whispered, also watching Addison, expression soft and unguarded. "Mrs. Hudson held her today." He added in, glancing at his mate to watch his reaction. It wouldn't really be a problem, as Mrs. Hudson was a beta, and the grandmother to their child (in all but blood really) but both parents had restricted the amount of contact their daughter had with people outside the pack, which only consisted of Mycroft and Lestrade at the moment.
"John, you're suppose to be professional with all patients." The nurse, Mary, commented, watching John's hand with a veiled expression. Sherlock turned his brilliant eyes to focus on the nurse and sighed. He had noted that the nurse had left briefly, but it seemed she would not leave John that easily.
"He's more then that. He's my best friend, and probably the only person to ever truly understand me. He's brilliant, mad, amazing and talented. I love him, and I finally have the chance to be around him once again." John whistled, politely asked the nurses in the lab to run the blood and hurried up the stairs and back to Sherlock, leaving Mary to stare at him as if he's grown another head.
"John." Sherlock nuzzled against the blonde's neck, trying to determine if the older boy was still awake. A faint hum escaped his lips so Sherlock took that as confirmation. "Can...can I move in with you? When I'm out of here?" The brunette hesitated slightly, hiding his face from the older boy, despite the almost pitch blackness of the room. John's hand, which had previously been circling Sherlock's back slowly, stopped and he pulled in a deep breath. "It's just...I don't feel safe at school." Sherlock mumbled quietly.
But Sherlock fell to the floor, unconscious as well. The Doctor got up and started spinning about like a madman.
"He will make you feel wonderful about yourself. He'll call you amazing, fantastic, brilliant, and all of the other wonderful words. You won't hate yourself so much when you're with him. And you'll want nothing more than him."
"Well, now this is a cause for something EXTRA special! We have to make this count, and nothing dangerous, though I can't promise you that, I can take you wherever you want? Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece, The Roman Empire, a world populated by a large variety of aliens, where do you want to go, you lucky, lucky sods?"
If John wasn't holding Sherlock at that moment, he would have fainted. He looked back at the Doctor and all he said was, "Stay with Sherlock, find out more, I'm going back to the TARDIS to find out what's really going on."
“I have come to care for Holmes….a great deal…and I’m sure the feeling is returned, but it doesn’t matter, there is naught we can do about it. Our society frowns upon relationships such as the one you and your Holmes have, and the one my Holmes and I yearn for…”
Sherlock obeyed and parted his lips as Watson pressed the bottle against his bottom one and titled the bottle up and let Sherlock drink some of the liquid inside. When Watson felt like he's had enough, he removed the bottle and screwed the cap back on. The Doctor laid Sherlock back on the bed and John watched as Sherlock's eyes grew heavy and nodded off to sleep again. Watson stood back up.
John nodded and gave a sheepish smile. Watson looked about ready to faint again. John moved to catch him if he fell backward but Watson was able to keep himself steady. He held onto his hat and adjusted it even though it was fine the way that it was. John let him get his bearings together before attempting to talk to him further. He soon found the words to speak, much to John’s reassurance.
“…You called me great today, and I’m not, John. I’ve never been great. No one’s ever referred to me as such, therefore I must not be. But I’ve never truly felt ‘great’ until I met you.”
Kylie came into the world at 1:17am on Friday night. We were dozing off when Lara came to tell us the good news. We couldn't believe at first, it seemed too good to be true. All of this, Susanne, the baby, us becoming parents. It was sort of unreal.
He got up and walked over to the lamp, giving both of the soon-to-be husbands a glance before turning it off.
"Sherlock what are you doing? No, no, don't go in there, we don't even know what's in there, Sherlock!"
"Pray tell me sir, what would you need to think about that would involve taking us from our home?  You know who I am, yes?"
Sherlock and Holmes threw their guns down and clamped hands over their eyes. John ran over to Sherlock, as Watson did Holmes and joined them as they shielded their eyes. Sherlock felt John’s tight embrace as they heard the screams that came from Moriarty. The Doctor sank to the floor and shut his eyes tightly. They all tried to tune out the madman’s screams of cowardice and mercy. They heard a loud noise and what sounded like cracking of cement or a wall.
“Of course I watched through the magic mirror, I watched as Sherlock was belittled and scorned and hated by all. How lonely your childhood was, Sherlock.”
"And the worst part is, I had to watch that. I had to endure all of that with him. I had to watch people treat him even worse than usual, see people look at him with scorn in their eyes because they had the thought that he was a fraud, and nobody to be respected. I stood by him when things went to absolute shit, I admit, for a brief moment I had a few doubts about him, but that soon went out of my head. I had to watch him on that rooftop with his phone in his hand, looking down at me. I had to have what I thought was going to be my last conversation with him ever, pleading with him to come down, begging him that we could get through it together. I...watched....as he jumped and I saw his "dead" body lying on the ground, covered in blood. I had to attend his funeral, I sat back and watched as the world around me came crashing down, because without Sherlock Holmes, there is no John Watson. Two years, two bloody awful years spent wishing for him to return, in denial that he wasn't dead and that it was all just an awful dream that I've yet to wake up from. All because of that...man...Moriarty! So you tell me, do you understand the importance of bringing him down now?"
John’s eyes met Sherlock’s and they both stared at each other smiling, Rosie the only one firmly attentive with the movie. John turned to the television and shoved another forkful of food in his mouth. “Or, you know maybe it’s because you’re just a hotheaded hoarder.”
John's brows furrowed. That wasn't Sherlock's voice. He spun around to find The Doctor sitting there with a fork and knife in his hands and stared at John with an eager look on his face. John's mouth was hanging open.
'Are you sure? You don't sound fine.' I hope you realized that I wasn't trying to pester you, Sherlock.
“Well, you’ve always had a way with words, John.” He tried to make his voice steady, to take his mind off flat out bawling in the middle of the park. He gasped when he felt John’s lips kiss his salty wet cheek.
The doctor left the room and it was just me and you once again. We didn't say anything for a long time, we were both staring at each other searching for the other's reaction through our eyes. Sometimes I hated the fact that we were so good at hiding our emotions, but other times I loved it. I loved it because we wouldn't burden the other with our issues, but then again I hated it because we couldn't share our issues with each other. Neither of us knew how.
I think I might end the story in the next chapter. I'm sorry for those who have been following it, but I've lost my spark for this and I've already written up the first chapter to another fic that I'll be posting in a few days and I'm quite excited for you all to read it.
‘The unlucky ones…well…they stay unlucky.’ I didn’t want to talk about this anymore, I just wanted to get my things and for you to get dressed so that we could get out of the building.
“I’ve scheduled a meeting with Ella, and I’m going to take you to her tomorrow. She’s better suited for this more than I am, anyway. We can go, and if you don’t like your session then we’ll find something else, but for my sake, I want you to give it an honest chance.”
"221B, sounds like this flat my parents own on Baker Street. They were gunna send me there when my birthday came around." Sherlock muttered thoughtfully, staring around the room in interest as John let them in. The alpha set his bags down gratefully, almost sighing as he stretched his muscles.
"That's not what people normally say..." Sherlock trailed off as John gave him a confused look. When prompted, Sherlock quietly responded with, "Piss off!" And the pair dissolved into laughter. When grey met blue once more, they calmed down, staring at one another with huge smiles plastered on their faces. Sherlock wanted to be just a bit closer to the mysterious alpha boy and suddenly felt shy about it. The feelings flowing through his body were new and scary. The omega's rational mind tried to argue that it was all hormones, but even though the teen was fast approaching fourteen, when he would experience his first heat, he knew that nothing he was feeling with this young alpha was hormonal. Some distant part of his mind whispered about the soul-bond and soul-ribbon that he had not felt since shaking hands with John.
Blue/grey eyes turned to ocean blue ones and Sherlock relaxed visibly. He looked miserable sitting in the hospital bed, but John chose not to comment as Sherlock's hand continued to grip onto his own. He heaved a sigh and looked away as his deep baritone rumbled out. "You have questions."
"Sherlock." One word, barely spoken, but Sherlock sighed again and relaxed back into his hospital bed, keeping his mouth shut. It was a sign of how much John knew Sherlock to be able to tell when Sherlock was about to spew a whole paragraph's of deductions. It could also be noted that Sherlock listened to John because he knew John was a good judge of character and perhaps his deductions would land him further time in the hospital. "Sleep, you need it. Don't you go arguing either. You won't heal unless you take care of yourself. It might make that itching better too." John pointed out and Sherlock startled. His right hand was scratching insistently at his left elbow and the cravings were back.
DJ and Beth walked in with small smiles on their faces as Sherlock's breathing evened out and deepened, indicating he was deep in sleep. "You know how much trouble you could get in right?" Beth asked him as she replaced an IV drip. John gave her a dry look and kissed the younger boy's forehead as he stirred in his sleep.
Feeling his mate contract around him, John groaned and shoved his knot past that twitching ring of muscle to lock them together as he filled him up. John pressed kisses all over Sherlock's face as his mate's passage milked his cock for all it was worth and smiled. "You are so beautiful 'Lock." He whispered as their orgasms subsided and they laid side-by-side on their bed. Sherlock smiled at his mate and nuzzled against him.
Still, Sherlock found himself alone in the big world that had seemed so fascinating to him as a child. People rarely talked to him outside of the drugs. Some gave him mistrustful glares and avoided him entirely when caught walking next to him on the side walk. The teen was a walking freak show to the others. He might as well have tattooed 'avoid at all cost' to his forehead with the amount of kids that did just that. It was the worst feeling in the world, that feeling of emptiness, loneliness that not even the drugs could fill. He found himself looking at the razor he kept nearby, resting on the sink in his dorm bathroom. In time, that razor would mean much more the a passing fancy. He felt alive when the blood flowed down his arms. Sherlock felt the faint stirrings of something returning to the emotionless being he had become in the short months he'd been at Uni.
John Watson had always fancied himself a popular bloke. There was never a shortage of friends around him, even when some were fickle. He couldn't say that he had any real friends, well, aside from Bill Murray and Mike Stamford. But even they were not close to him in terms of being friends. John wasn't any good at keeping friends due to his more recluse nature. Not to mention the fact that he was heading to the army put a lot of people off from getting to know him.
"To war..." John smiled crookedly at his mate and proudly took the man's hand as the family made their way outside and to the black car waiting on the curb.
Sherlock chuckled and kissed her cheek, eyes soft and warm and John grinned broadly at his family. His precious little family that he was almost afraid would never happen. He was so incredibly happy in the moment though. So happy that his life turned out this way, even after all they had to go through to get here. "Here you are little one." John murmured as he set her food down and took her from Sherlock, blowing a raspberry on a soft, cherubic cheek. Addy giggled and pushed her father away clumsily, eyes bright with mischief. The omega watched his mate fondly, hand resting on his slight bump and posture slouched in relaxation. John giggled with his daughter, waving the small spoon around her face and pulling it back when she reached forward impatiently. Sherlock's signature pout made it's way onto her adorable face, eyes wide and watery as John continued to play airplane with the food she desperately wanted. "She's definitely got your impatient attitude 'Lock." John murmured as he finally relented and gave her a bite.
Sherlock turned his gaze to Sarah and noticed that she was attracted to alphas and omegas, though detested the beta population. She was especially interested in having sexual intercourse with one John Watson, Mr. Popular. Sherlock also noticed how she slipped her hand casually behind Mary. Sarah was fingering the omega as they stood in front of their object of affection. It was then Sherlock realized Mary wanted to share them during her heat, and Sarah hoped to have John to herself at one point during the night. He mashed his teeth together and turned to watch John.
John felt an ache in his chest as he moved off to check on his patient downstairs. Sherlock had always been a difficult patient, but John wanted to believe Sherlock would behave for once. Not that he had much in the past. Sherlock had no feelings for anybody he deemed unimportant. He'd always been like that, from what Ford had told him.
"Watson, how is everything? You've been in here awhile." DJ stepped into the room without looking up from a clipboard he had clenched in both his hands. John chuckled and stood up, keeping a hold of Sherlock's hand before bending over to press a brief kiss to his forehead.
"I understand...I'll have Myc send me to a rehab facility." Sherlock nuzzled into John's hand and smiled at him hesitantly. "Stay with me?"
"No. I want John." Sherlock almost snarled ripping his arm from the doctor's grip and hissing as the motion pulled at the skin.
They shared a companiable silence as they walked, only interrupted by John's naming of buildings or pointing out popular hang out spots with his pals. There was barely any room between the boys as they walked, with their hands brushing every few strides. Sherlock wanted to reach out and grasp John's hand, proudly display that this alpha was taken, but was unsure of what John would want. He wasn't even sure if one kiss and a soul-bond counted as dating in the alpha's eyes.
"You know," Sherlock's deep voice intoned, startling the two girls who glanced at him, "if you would just look, you'd see that we have, in fact, soul-bonded. It only makes sense that John call me his as I am his and he is mine. It's omegas like you, Mary, that give our gender a bad name. Eagerly taking an alpha to bed without experiencing the heat first. Distasteful. You should love the person you're with, not just use them for sexual needs. That goes for you as well Sarah." He sounded so much older then his thirteen years in that moment that all three teens looked at him with gaping mouths. He fidgeted under the attention and buried his face in John's neck, feeling his face heat up the longer they stared.
Sherlock woke to the most delicious scent surrounding him and the strong embrace of his love. A war weathered hand was caressing his swell gently, and the voice of his mate was murmuring to their child. The omega purred in contentment and licked John's face in greeting. John chuckled and kissed him, hand stilling and folding over one of Sherlock's on the omega's stomach. "Good afternoon love." John whispered, leaning forward to kiss his mate again. Sherlock deepened the kiss, swiping his tongue over John's lips in a silent request for entry. John granted the entry, caressing Sherlock's tongue with his own and sucking delicately on the squirming muscle. The omega whined low in his throat when John pulled back, smiling and stroking his glossy curls. "I've missed you today." He commented. Sherlock nudged forward, greedy for John's touch.
"I dunno, why would you do something so stupid to land you in the hospital in the first place?" John raised an eyebrow. The younger teen muttered something and looked down, ashamed. "Sherlock, look at me." When grey met blue, John smiled at him and continued wrapping his wrist. "I don't blame you, but honestly, you can't keep doing this. And I'm not sure I completely understand why you did it either."
Mrs. Holmes, although clearly unhappy, let the matter drop with a disdainful sniff as she turned towards the formal dining room. "Follow." The command was curt, quiet in the large house but held only the expectation of being followed. Mycroft heaved a heavy sigh and placed on a hand on Greg's lower back, gently leading him along.
"You must be Siger Holmes. Welcome to Baker Street." The younger alpha stood, respectively inclining his head but doing no more. The alpha was in his domain, near his mate and child, and John would not back down because of a former pack leader. Sherlock had once explained that Siger ruled everything through money and intimidation. He hadn't liked his youngest all that much simply for his second gender, but had planned to sell the boy before Sherlock's stint with drugs ruined everything. There was a reason he was a former pack leader and not current, despite being head of the Holmes clan still. Besides, Sherlock was a Watson-Holmes now. He didn't really belong under that clan. So John would stand between them should it come to anything to be potential harm to his family.
"That...was...amazing!" John jumped and clapped, leaning forward with joy written in his beautiful, blue eyes. Sherlock stared at him in astonishment, blushing under the praise from the alpha. "Fantastic! Absolutely fantastic!"
Sherlock walked into the living room, hair still damp from his shower and just a set of pajama bottoms on in order to appear somewhat appropriate, to his mate walking their daughter around the room. John was giving her the grand tour of the place, as they often did to entertain her. She giggled and clapped her hands together, eyes wide as they roamed around the messy living area. "Ma!" Her voice brightened considerably as she spotted Sherlock standing there, watching them. She reached out, making grabby motions towards her mother. John glanced over and smiled at Sherlock, hefting their daughter just that little bit and handing her over as Sherlock neared. Addy clumsily reached out to pat Sherlock's cheek and started to babble. It was almost astounding that she could say the words she could at her age, roughly ten months old. Sherlock cuddled the girl closer and kissed her forehead.
"Afghanistan. How did you know?" John asked softly, glancing down at the plush carpet. He'd lost his father a year ago when he went off to serve his final tour in Afghanistan. A bullet shot straight through his brain as he tried to help one of his fellow soldiers. John looked up to his alpha father, though he adored his omega dad. His father was everything John had envisioned to be in the future. He had been a caring and kind alpha who had so deeply loved his omega. Their bond was strong, though they were only able to attain two children. It nearly killed John's dad when his alpha had been shot and killed.
"I'm fine Ford. Been better of course. But...I think everything is going to be fine from now on." At this, Sherlock turned his head, though it gave him a major headache, and glanced up at John, who nodded confirmation and kissed Sherlock's forehead. "I don't feel incomplete any more. I even regret everything I've done for the last year." The two still stared at each other, and it was like Sherlock was speaking the words only to the trainee doctor who smiled warmly at him.
"John." It was a breathy sigh, almost as if Sherlock hadn't woken at all, but John knew better. He smiled down at his love and curled closer, encasing the younger boy in two strong arms and peppering kisses across his forehead. He felt Sherlock smile beneath him and switched to running a hand through the ratty and greasy hair.
"Can we go home?" Sherlock asked him quietly, just now remembering that a bunch of the Yard had seen and heard every bit of their mating. Though he wasn't exactly embarrassed, he didn't enjoy being so vulnerable around these people. John chuckled and kissed along the back of Sherlock's neck.
"But you, my dear Sherlock, are a lucky and special omega. Out there in the world the perfect mate awaits for you. It'll be someone brave, patient and kind, someone who can put up with your deductions and odd quirks." Viola Holmes whispered to her son as he pretended to sleep. Thirteen-year-old Sherlock Holmes had given up on his search for his mate long ago. He never voiced his beliefs that the ribbon was actually there to keep his heart away from the likes of any human being put on this planet. His mum held high hopes for her youngest son, and it annoyed the young genius. Just because her oldest two had turned out alphas didn't mean she had to mollycoddle the youngest. Society believed the omegas to be fragile beings, needing alphas to take care of them and only put on the earth to birth litter after litter for their mate. They weren't supposed to have their own lives and jobs. Sherlock was determined to break outside of societies boundaries and be himself. He wasn't about to let some stupid alpha take that away from him.
Ford chuckles as John walks back in, the nurse trailing hopelessly after him. "What's so funny Ford?" John asks, winking at Sherlock as he picks up one of his arms. Sherlock winced as an IV drip is carefully taken out and his cuts unwrapped. "Healing nicely. You may be out of here by tomorrow. So long as you can promise me you won't reopen them."
When they finally escaped the girls, Sherlock wrapped his hand firmly around John's  and walked contently the rest of the way across the now silently dorms. "Most kids are in class." John explained as they stepped into the alpha/omega wing. One room was blasting music to cover up the moans and groans, which made Sherlock crinkle his nose in annoyance. Their room was located on the second floor in branch B, number twenty-one. Sherlock laughed as he read the room name allowed.
"Oh, John! I wasn't aware you were back." Mary gasped from the doorway, flashing him a bright, full smile. Sherlock grimaced at the grating voice and glared at the nurse as she flounced to John's side. John raised a questioning eyebrow towards his coworker, even as he concentrated on the needle he was carefully pushing into Sherlock's scarred elbow. Mary giggled and moved closer, leaning dangerously close to John.
The other Holmes just stared out the door to Sherlock's room where the doctor from before was discussing something with a colleague. "He's going to break Sherlock's heart. A man like John has ample offers when it comes to romantic relationships. He'll get annoyed and maybe a bit angry at Sherlock's irrational behaviour Or maybe he'll just find someone better who doesn't constantly put themselves in danger." The government worker was calm in his explanation to his older brother. When John had left, his temper had left him altogether and now he felt drained and exhausted.
"Fine." The older alpha grumbled, eyes narrowed into silver slits as he stared at the three. "I suppose you'll do. Sherlock, your mother wants you three to come with me. She'd like to see you and our grandchild before the party starts tomorrow. Pack whatever you need to. I'll be downstairs." The blatant disregard to the alpha of the house was a slap to the face for John, who snarled low in his throat. He could completely understand why Sherlock cut all ties with the man now, and why the detective seemed so afraid to go anywhere that man was. John didn't feel comfortable allowing Sherlock to be near the man, no matter the family connection. Siger Holmes was the worst sort of alpha, one who ruled on greed and power and who cared nothing for his offspring.
The campus was sprawled across a hundred acres of land. There was a wood area to the right of the alpha dormitories, stables to the north of the beta dormitories and what passed for a hospital sitting snugly next to the omega dormitories. All three housing areas were set in a semi circle, surrounding the big, orange-bricked school building. Students were eagerly running around, laughing and kicking footballs around. Several turned to watch the new kid walk between the protective older brothers, who glared at some of the more eager alphas.
Sherlock glanced over at Greg, who was busy calling someone, probably Mycroft to get Addy away from the flat for a few hours. As soon as John's knot went down and he slipped out, the couple was up and rearranging their clothes, keeping close together as they rushed to the black car waiting for them. Knowing the urgency with which his brother-in-law and his friend needed to get home, Greg didn't try to stop them. He waved as John bundled Sherlock into the car and jumped in himself.
"Ah, good morning. You must be the Holmes child." A beta greeted the three as they stepped into the equally elegant office. The brunette was going through a divorce with three children at home. Her alpha husband had gotten a bit too touchy with the oldest one, an omega going by the stress lines lining her eyes. Sherlock's eyes trailed around the office absent-mindedly as his brothers discussed things with the secretary.  Deduction flew through his mind, but most of his attention was focused on the warm, fuzzy feeling he got when he remembered the golden-haired boy from the lawn.
John Watson faced a dilemma as he stared down at the omega. He was falling for Sherlock Holmes, in just a matter of minutes. He knew, deep in his heart where a bond would form, had formed, that he had already soul-bonded with the omega. That, however, could be kept strictly platonic. Nobody said it had to be a romantic bond, there were plenty of soul-bonds throughout history that remained friends instead of bonding together in a different way entirely.
"Sherlock, it's fine. I understand your brother was being overprotective. We'll get through this together okay? First, let's focus on getting you better." John smiled at him as he set about re-wrapping the gash. Sherlock watched his movements with his usual way of intense studying as John set to work again.
John sunk in with once thrust, leaning over to capture his omega's lips at the same time, one hand finding it's way into Sherlock's raven locks and the other cupping the bump, feeling little kicks as the twins moved with excitement. "Move..." Sherlock panted, eyes wide and glancing up at his doctor with reverence. John smiled, dipped down for another kiss before back off and starting to pull out in a slow, over exaggerated pull of his hips. The thrust forward, however, was anything but gentle and slow as John set the pace for the morning, thankful he had thought to place pads behind the headboard to keep it from slamming against the wall and waking their daughter.
Somewhere nearby, a phone came to life, it's ringing interrupting the grunts and moans of pleasure. John, while at first annoyed, started to grin and stopped, buried within his mate's tight heat, to grab the phone. Sherlock's eyes went wide with both nervous excitement and arousal. He wasn't sure who was on the phone, but he thought maybe he had seen Mycroft's name flash by as John's hand retreated to his ear, grinning maniacally as he gave a small thrust. "Good morning." John practically sang as Sherlock clenched his inner muscles. John slapped Sherlock's thigh in cheeky reprimand. Sherlock grinned back innocently.
"As you wish," John growled out, nipping possessively around their bond bite. Sherlock was gasping above him, shoving his stomach forward more so that John could cup and feel their child growing. John took this offer greedily, and glanced back at his omegas face with a soft smile, even as he felt the slick start to soak his thighs. "Bedroom?" The alpha asked his mate, kissing the dazed man lightly before pushing Sherlock to gently stand. "C'mon." He tugged and Sherlock followed, clinging to his mate and nosing at his neck with loving kitten licks. "Here we go gorgeous, let's get those clothes off yea?" Sherlock nodded eagerly, hands moving to tug his bottoms off in shaky, excited movements. John chuckled and shook his head, batting away his mates hands in order to pull of the bottoms off himself. "Cheeky." He smiled up at Sherlock and tapped his bum, loving that Sherlock hadn't been wearing any underwear. Sherlock gave a weak smile and then gasped as John carefully inserted a rough finger into his open and drenched hole.
I'm sorry for taking so long. I graduated college, but was having some mental issues that have kept me from writing. I'm feeling much better now that I'm home. I'm going to try to get back to writing on a regular schedule but I work two jobs and I sleep during the day, so I'm sorry if I fail. Give me a gentle nudge if you want the next chapter and I've disappeared. I promise I'm trying!
"It could be anywhere between tomorrow and a few months Lock. But, let me take some blood and maybe that will give us a clue." Sherlock nodded and regally offered his arm, letting his eyes drift shut as John worked in silence.
The alpha situated this daughter in the middle of the bed, kissing her forehead lovingly and covering her tiny body with the blanket before he went to stand before his mate. He rough but somehow soft hands came up to cup Sherlock's face tenderly. The omega leaned into the support gratefully, long arms coming up to wrap around his mate's waist. "I love you Sherlock Watson-Holmes." John murmured, leaning down to kiss his mate. "And I, you, John Watson-Holmes."
"You dare speak to me in such a way when you never understood the situation yourself?" The older Holmes replied, standing at the foot of the hospital bed. John glanced up at him coolly, still carding his hand through Sherlock's curls and rubbing soothing circle's in the younger boy's hand. "It was best he quit talking to you. You would eventually break his heart anyway. And caring is not an advantage Doctor Watson." His name was spoken with scorn, but neither teenager showed emotion other than anger and betrayal.
Sherlock's eyes widened as he felt a wave of sadness wash over him. "I'm sorry. I just deduced really." The omega's brow furrowed in deep thought as those words left his mouth. Where had that sadness come from anyway? He'd have to do research later. For now, he was set on becoming John's friend, especially if he was going to make a good room mate. "I can deduce your whole life just by looking at you." His cocky demeanour was back in place and a smirk appeared on the perfectly shaped, cupid's bow lips.
Siger regarded the alpha thoughtfully, grey eyes like steel on a cold winter morning and waved a hand in indication. "This is what you chose Sherlock? You were meant for better." And the older alpha sniffed as if the younger one offended him by his mere presence before turning full attention on the currently pregnant omega. John felt his hackles raise but stood by nonetheless, content to let Sherlock handle the situation for the time being. Sherlock's jaw clenched and he shot John an apologetic look, eyes warm and soft from this mornings activities and the fact that he still held his daughter close. She was his strength and his reasoning for not being around his parents. "Doctor John Watson is perfectly suitable as a mate, far braver and stronger then you. I would ask that you refrain from insulting him in his own home." His voice was soft, but the words might as well have been shouted. Siger's face twisted into fury and he reached out to slap the omega, even as John snarled and sprang on him, shoving him away from his omega and his child.
"John, how did they die?" The omega asked, indicating the three bodies in front of them with a careless wave, eyes fixed on John's face. John bent down to study each corpse, frowning and tutting at various bruises. The smell underneath Thames and rotting flesh indicated they had been of the omega genders, two females and a male. John couldn't hear any water in the lungs, but their throat was swollen shut.
"I should've warned you about that. Sherlock is a difficult patient." John's lips twitched with old memories. "Take over my patients for me? I have a feeling I'll be spending most of my time taking care of him. At least until his brother shows up." John clucked his tongue and nodded to the nurse that winked at him. He was oblivious to the flirtatious tones that many of the staff threw his way. DJ was the one to comment on it later, when John would run to the pub for a drink or two. It was also DJ that always questioned John as to why he never took the pretty nurses up on their offers.
Sherlock leaned down to lock his lips with John's once again, smiling at the older teen as they broke apart. "I'm going to move in with Ford for now. I don't think it's safe back at the dorms." John nodded with him and gave him a weak smile. "Will you come with me to pack up my stuff?" Sherlock asked shyly. He leaned down to nuzzle into John's neck, his favorite spot apparently, and awaited the answer with dread. He needed someone with him when he went back, he didn't trust Victor, but putting John in his pathway was a very dangerous thing to do.
The two arrived at the crime scene in just ten minutes. While Sherlock set out to begin his work, John forked over his cash to the cabbie, slamming the door and glancing towards his mate with an amused smile. The omega was flapping around, snapping deductions every which way and startling the new recruits on the team. Anderson huffed in irriation as the genius took over the crime scene, slinking to join his girlfriend at the edge of the tape. John noticed with a frown one of the new recruits was eyeing Sherlock. The other alpha couldn't have been more then twenty-five, but he still had no right to look at /his/ omega like that. John shook off his feelings of rage and went to join his genius as Sherlock called his name, smiling at him and listening as he started to fire off ideas.
“Eight. Almost there,” Sherlock reassured, noticing that John’s stomach was no longer trembling with such force.
When John made the turn on the landing to the steps that lead to his room, Sherlock put both hands on his shoulders and steered him away.
“Exactly, Sherlock. But you haven’t stayed out of my hair for my sake; you’re completely ignoring me. What’s going on with you?”
Sherlock stopped his absentminded twirling of his fork and stared resolutely at his plate. “It was out of your control,” he said.
This time, it sounded like John was trying to shout something at him and failing miserably. Then Sherlock’s phone buzzed with a text.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disgust when he walked into the sitting room to find his brother reclining in the red armchair, twirling an umbrella on the rug.
His shoulder felt like it had burst into flames, the stinging heat sending searing pain down his entire arm and upper back. He was not going to be able to get up any time soon, he knew, but the freezing cold gravel wasn’t exactly an ideal resting spot.
Finally the shorter man obliged, and awoke with a gasping breath. He sat up a bit and put a hand to his chest to calm himself.
John slowly but surely released his grip and took the bottle from Sherlock, his face relaxing minutely when the warmth seeped through his skin.
John was running as fast as his legs could carry him, but despite his best efforts, the image of Sherlock’s long billowing coat began to fade as Sherlock got farther and farther away.
John cried out in pain, and hoped like hell that Sherlock would stop running long enough to realize what had happened.
Luckily, John didn't have to spend more than a few minutes waiting before he heard Sherlock's footsteps approaching.
John laughed good-naturedly and scooted back in his chair, giving Sherlock’s shoulder a quick pat as he got up.
“Good. That’s good. Hey, I’ll text Mike, see if he’ll lend you his room,” John said, getting out his phone.
Instead of sitting down, or playing a celebratory tune on his violin, the taller man went to stand by the desk with his back to John, looking somewhat sheepish.
John was quickly running out of breath as he tried to keep up with Sherlock, who only continued to speed down the pavement ahead of him.
As he finished drying off Sherlock’s face, John was able to get a bit of a better look at him. He had definitely seen him around before, but he looked to be at least a year or two younger than him.
Paperwork was a long and tedious process that took most of John's time to complete in the afternoons. His residency was to last only a few years, but the number of patients he sees increases the better work he does. On top of that, he is forced to fill out paper work for each individual.
Sherlock sniffed the female's wrist. "She was pregnant, and the other two were helping her to escape."
John just smiled gently and scratched Sherlock's back. "Of course I will. I can't have my favorite person getting hurt." Though it was a supposed to be a teasing statement, the words left both teenagers feeling somber. Sherlock curled up once again, off to the side to avoid hurting John, and sighed. "C'mere." John wrapped his arms around the thin waist again and hauled Sherlock to his side, kissing the corner of the boy's mouth and nuzzling his cheek affectionately.
The omega contemplated this as they walked towards their room, not noticing the timid alpha and omega pair that approached them until they were standing directly in front. Both girls were grinning at John, showing too much teeth and trying to subtly toss their hair around in what Sherlock would consider a flirty action. He was seething with anger at the two girls, and glared at each of them in turn as John politely responded to a question the alpha had asked. "Sherlock, this is Sarah and Mary." John pointed first to the alpha and then to the omega. Both girls waved absent-mindedly at Sherlock before turning their full attention on John.
Setting the laptop aside, John got up and headed to the kitchen sink, where he lightly splashed some water over his face. He dried himself off and padded hopefully back to the sitting room, but was disheartened to find the screen still a bit of a blur.
He is, John thought. And even though John could see one of the staff members already attempting to break things up, John couldn’t help it; adrenaline kicked in and he ran over to the dance floor and pushed his way through the crowd.
John couldn’t help but chuckle, the sound coming out more like a garbled sob, but a laugh felt like just what he needed.
John couldn’t keep his leg from bouncing up and down in apprehension, as it if it were him about to enter the appointment. His mind went back to sitting across from Ella, forcing out the best fake smiles he could come up with. Grimacing, he tossed those thoughts aside and focused on the lanky detective perched in front of him.
Nodding curtly to himself, John shuffled into Sherlock’s bedroom and started taking some pillows from his bed to elevate his ankle on.
“You listen here, you slimy little shit,” John growled. “If you ever come near Sherlock again, I will personally see to it that your life is a living nightmare, understood?”
“Oh yeah! That’s Jeff! I see ‘im everywhere; that man never stops working, I tell you. We were mates not too long ago, well, I s’pose it’s long ago now. He’s the one who got me into this dreadful business!”
“John, you and I both know you’re triggered by more specific things. It wasn’t just the photos; there was probably a panic building in your chest all week that you’d been stifling. This afternoon was just the straw that broke the camel’s back.”
“Sherlock, I can’t just stop practicing,” he argued. He and Sherlock had been at it for almost twenty minutes now, still not appearing to be any closer to agreeing on anything.
“Very funny.” John noticed that Hamish was looking worriedly at his shoulder. While he was still in a fair amount of pain, he had thankfully relaxed enough to move and speak without cringing, and the painkillers he’d taken were bound to be taking effect soon. “Hey, I'm okay, yeah?”
“There’s only room for so much in my head, John. I tend to only fill it with things that are important.”
“Not a problem, John. Just sleep; I need you healthy if you’re going to help me with that experiment like you promised.”
Once in the bathroom, John steered him in front of the sink so that any blood that dripped would at least be able to be washed down the drain. He ripped a handful of paper towels and held them up to the man’s face.
“Hey,” John greeted, snapping them out of whatever conversation they’d been engrossed in. They had very kindly left the other side of the booth open for he and Sherlock, Molly sitting opposite them with Mike and Greg to her right.
It was nearly closing time by the time Sherlock and John left the café. They had spent the last few hours talking and laughing in between bites of scone and sips of coffee. John had shared his most embarrassing dating experiences while Sherlock had shared his dreams of being a pirate that he’d had as a child. John hadn’t realized how much time had passed until Mrs. Hudson was practically shooing them out the door.
the worst part. No, the worst part was the fact that ever since John got to uni, taking off his shirt around other people had been the one thing that he tried extremely hard to avoid. His friends and family would eventually find out what he had tucked underneath the layer of cotton over his chest, that was true, but he just wasn’t ready. And
“They all take the same poison Lestrade, it’s obvious! These are serial killings, I don’t know how, but it’s murder.”
’. And I didn’t find it fascinating in Afghanistan either, when—“ the doctor stopped, steeling himself and taking a deep breath.
Sherlock watched as the cab driver glanced around, waiting for his passengers. Then he saw the cabbie spot the cane.
Over the course of the next week, Sherlock and John had made their way through three more Bond movies, stopped by the café to give Mrs. Hudson her gifts, and attempted to a play a board game or two, which resulted in John finding out that Sherlock was in fact quite the sore loser. John had also decided to go out and get a gift for Sherlock, which had been something of a challenge to keep him from seeing or deducing.
John watched out of the corner of his eye as Sherlock sat up straighter in his chair and brought his hands to his chin. He could practically feel the weight of Sherlock’s gaze on him.
“Sorry, the heating’s a bit shit in here,” John said. “Be right back.” He got up, albeit reluctantly, from his comfortable spot to go fetch a few warmer clothing items from his bedroom.
“Oh, yes. So I’d just come from the therapist. I was in a right strop, you know. Can’t remember why, but that anger apparently guided me all the way to a pub. And…Jesus, I…” John trailed off, holding a hand to his face. He put his palm over his mouth as a worried look appeared in his eyes.
“I bet if you were a doctor, you could do all that stuff yourself and then you’d get better even faster,” he whispered. He still wanted to talk to John, even if the boy couldn’t respond. He’d just talk quieter so he wouldn’t wake him.
Panic set in as soon as cool air hit his skin, however. There was nothing to hide behind now, no veil of cotton between Sherlock’s eyes and the gnarled, uneven scar tissue that dominated his left shoulder. He grasped his now trembling hand with a white knuckled fist and decidedly did not look at Sherlock.
“You’re not getting out of this that easy,” Sherlock said, sitting up straighter in his chair, more concerned now than he’d been the entire evening.
John made his way to the library after class, intent on finally getting started on the biology report that was due in just a few days and had been burning a hole in his consciousness for a good week.
Sherlock tucked his phone back into his pocket and looked to everyone around him, all of them laughing and enjoying themselves, before looking to John.
“No, I want to.” He took a deep, steadying breath and picked his chin up. “What I’m trying to say is that I, er, I like blokes, as well. Though I also like women, so I guess that makes me bisexual. I mean, I
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at it, ran his finger over it once and looked up to John for an explanation.
“Hey, er, would you maybe want to hang out sometime? Outside of school, I mean.” he asked, rubbing the back of his neck.
The first touch of Sherlock’s lips on his own was firm but chaste, a gentle pressure that lingered for a moment before lifting away. Sherlock’s fingers tightened around the scarf in his hands and he angled his head to recapture John’s mouth, pressing the slightest bit more firmly. John responded in kind by tightening his grip on Sherlock’s coat and bringing him in closer to plant one last slow kiss on his lips. He opened his eyes and gently backed away.
John sighed and attempted to get back to his reading, but was admittedly beginning to feel somewhat restless. He sat up, wiped the tired look from his eyes, and went to see what Sherlock was up to.
“Hamish, listen to me. Papa isn't feeling very well right now, and he needs my help to feel better, which he
John smiled at Sherlock, noticing the angry red patch on his cheek and the dried blood still clinging to his skin.
Lestrade just put his hands up in mock surrender and backed up. “So what do you make of all this then, Sherlock?” He asked, getting back the task at hand.
“Sherlock!” He berated, rubbing at his ear as if that would make his startled reaction go away. “Jesus Christ, are you trying to give me a coronary? Don’t
John repositioned himself in an attempt to get more comfortable, but it seemed no matter what wall he was facing or whether he slept on his stomach or his side, he still felt as if there were a buzzing ball of energy in his chest that kept him from properly winding down.
, John!” he announced, sweeping his way into the flat as if he owned the place and flopping dramatically onto the sofa.
“Ann Marie, you git.” He teased as he shuffled into the kitchen to find something resembling food. To his surprise, Sherlock got up and followed him, his tartan dressing gown waving like a flag in the wind behind him.
When everything was cleaned up and put away, Sherlock went to start up the fireplace. John went to the sofa and grabbed his coat to hang up properly.
“Well maybe we- maybe I need a bit of a break from…what we do,” he said, swallowing thickly and turning his head to stare at the nondescript wall to his left.
“Right.” Sherlock took off his scarf and coat, hanging the two up on the back of the door. He walked slowly over to where John was sitting at the desk by the window and leaned over his shoulder.
Sherlock went back to the man’s body as soon as Anderson and his crew left the room. He checked his pulse again. It was still thrumming, but just barely. His face was pale, grey and lifeless. It was no wonder those teenagers hadn’t even checked if he was still alive before they called the cops and booked.
“Finally,” John said as he walked out of his bathroom, clad in a fresh set of clothes and scrubbing a damp flannel over his face and hair. “I swear I had dirt
This is just a really short snippet of kid!John being sick and Sherlock being bummed out that his friend can’t play.
Sherlock could have sworn that he and John got interrupted almost every single time things would start heating up between them. They would be snogging on the sofa and John would slide his palm underneath Sherlock’s shirt, making his breath hitch in anticipation, and Harry would burst in the door not a second later.
John ran over to where Sherlock was still sitting up against the wall, his hand painted with splotches of red from the blood steadily dripping from his nose.
Sherlock described the cab driver that’d taken John. He was somehow positive that someone ought to know of him, insisting that he wasn’t stalling because he didn’t feel up to dealing with the police. To Sherlock, and John’s surprise, their cab driver made a face of realization and smiled.
A few minutes later, Sherlock returned with not only the medicine, but a damp flannel, a glass of water and a book.
Stoically refusing to set up an appointment with a doctor, John settled on resting for a bit. His footfalls were heavy on the steps to his room, and it was only by the time he got there did he realize how tired he was.
Sherlock glared at the now empty space in front of him and bit his lip in quiet frustration. “Good,” he said, “perhaps you can take her out on one of those date things some time; I’m sure she’d prove more interesting than your last paramour. What was it, Annabeth? MaryAnn?”
Lestrade immediately obliged, heading downstairs with just a tiny nod of acquiescence. Sherlock had figured that by the time he helped John down the stairs and onto the street, they’d already have a taxi waiting.
“In the meanwhile,” the doctor continued, “we’ll be putting you on a regiment of vitamin A supplements. This, along with a healthy diet and sufficient amount of sleep may postpone the retinal dystrophy, even if in the slightest bit.” He said, with an obvious attempt at hopefulness in his voice.
After John was finished with his food, he tidied up the coffee table a bit and turned the lights all the way off so that the only light in the room was coming from the television screen. He grabbed one of the many blankets surrounding him and Sherlock and pulled it up over their laps.
“Yet another reason to avoid the sport altogether,” Sherlock said. He was sitting on the floor in front of the coffee table where they’d set down their containers of food, absently picking at his dish.
did not want Sherlock asking about, but that one was further down on his chest and relatively small, so he’d just try to hide it by leaning forward a bit more and shielding it from view.
“Yoo-hoo!” Mrs. Hudson chirped, seemingly appearing out of nowhere. “Coffee for you, tea for you,” she said, setting the heavy ceramic mugs down in front of them. “And your scones, Sherlock. I brought one for John as well; it’s on the house.”
John waited for a reply, nodded sharply to himself when he didn’t get one, and made his way to the kitchenette.
“I’m not ashamed, I just…” He sighed, realizing now that the whole time he’d been thinking up ways to hide his panicking, he'd been breathing much too fast and definitely loud enough for Greg to hear.
(teen!lock and rugby!John) Sherlock is looking forward to he and John having the whole night to themselves, but when he gets to John's house, things don't go exactly as planned.
John awoke to the faint beeping of a heart monitor and the gentle tapping of Sherlock’s fingers as they flew across his phone screen.
It was almost midnight, and Sherlock was sitting on his sofa with his knees curled up to his chest and his face buried in a book. He couldn’t sleep, not that he kept much of a normal sleeping schedule anyway, but he couldn’t even focus on any experiments, either.
When it was time for him to help himself up, he swayed a bit on his feet, finding it hard to find purchase on the dusty wooden floors. Lestrade was at his side before he could blink, holding him steady while he righted himself.
“Come on, up now,” Sherlock said, taking his friend by the waist and hauling him up so he could slide off his jacket. John kept his eyes closed, looking thoroughly exhausted and generally disgruntled.
“Hm. Lucky sod,” John joked. He folded his legs up against his chest and rested his arms on his knees, feeling strangely relaxed despite the subject at hand. “And what about, er, relationships? Have you ever had any…boyfriends, or anything?”
He squinted, continuing to follow the steps until they lead him to the top of a very unfriendly looking hill.
John smiled warmly at Sherlock before bidding him goodbye. Now he was going to have to go back into the bar, find Mike, and tell him that he’d had just about enough for the evening.
“I don’t think so,” John said. He checked his phone to see that Mike had replied already. “Oh, Mike says the room’s all yours. And he also says ‘tell him not to blow anything up like he did in lab last week.’” John looked up at Sherlock. “Do I want to know?”
“Sherlock!” John shouted, his breath coming out like a puff of smoke in front of him as he ran. The mad bastard was already miles ahead of him, and John was not about to let his friend try to tackle some hell-bent criminal by himself.
The second bedroom was small, with a slanted ceiling and a window on two of the walls. It would have been pitch black if not for the silver moonlight coming in from outside. Sherlock could see the silhouette of John’s small frame, tossing and turning and wriggling in the sheets. Upon moving closer he noted that his brow was filmed with sweat while muttered curses and pleas were escaping his lips.
“Oh, right. ‘Course.” John laughed nervously and walked over to the kitchen. “Um, how about I make some breakfast? We’ve got toast or...toast.”
“It’s quite alright,” Sherlock said as he stood to check his phone. He couldn’t help letting out a small gasp when he saw the message from Lestrade.
John panted heavily as he ran, his feet thudding loudly as they hit the ground. Sherlock’s shape was difficult to make out in the darkness, but he could see that he wasn’t too far ahead, and the suspect seemed to be just a hair away from him, and so John slowed his pace a fraction with the thought that Sherlock was only moments away from stopping the man.
John kicked Sherlock’s thigh with his foot the best he could. “Oi, watch it, I’m a big tough rugby player, remember?” He joked, his words slurring together from sleepiness.
In the end, Sherlock had picked up a lovely set of teacups and saucers for Mrs. Hudson, while John had gotten her a simple knitted tea cozy. John didn’t know her very well, but Sherlock had assured him that she would appreciate it.
For a moment, Sherlock looked up at John with wide, red-rimmed eyes full of curiosity, but quickly looked away and stood up, hugging John’s cardigan tighter to his thin frame.
After ten minutes of John lying perfectly still with his eyes closed, he was no closer to falling asleep than he had been when his head hit the pillow.
John smiled to himself and made his way over. He hadn’t even stepped foot in front of the table before Sherlock was speaking to him.
“Come on, I want to hear you play,” John said, taking a seat on the edge of the bed. “I bet you’re a bloody virtuoso or something.”
Letting out a breath of bitter cold air, he unlocked the door to his flat with shaking hands and made his way up the steps. Once inside, John immediately took out his phone and fired off a text to Sherlock.
He perched himself up on his elbows, and spit out the blood that had dripped from his nose and down to his lips. He groaned at his terrible luck and reached a sore arm into his back pocket to grab his phone. He pressed Sherlock’s name and held the mobile to his ear.
The four of them went out to dinner, a quaint little restaurant tucked away in a tiny building. They drank wine, Sherlock sulked and pushed his food around with his fork instead of eating it, and they had celebratory cake at the end of the night which Sherlock did in fact eat.
Sherlock refused to slow down the entire walk back to John’s flat. No matter how many times John called out to him, no matter how much John tugged on his sleeve or tried to talk to him, he simply would not let up.
The late afternoon sun shone through the large paned windows of the library, shrouding everything in a pale golden light as John and Sherlock continued to work. Sherlock had told John all about his experiment on some local foliage, showing him his notes and spreadsheets, and John had actually started his revising, finding Sherlock to be an unexpectedly helpful study partner.
Sherlock looked at his watch, panting heavily. “Eight twenty –six, that’s not bad. What did you want to talk about?”
It was the next evening, and Sherlock was at St. Bart’s, examining some sort of, well, something. John wasn’t too sure; all he knew was that Sherlock had been excited about it and likely wouldn’t be home any time soon.
John busied himself with cleaning up the mess in lieu of answering. When he was settled down at the table with his juice and toast, he cleared his throat and looked toward Sherlock.
I feel like Janine would definitely have a cute little dog like that and Sherlock would lowkey want to steal him lol. Thanks so much for reading!
“Don’t let the door hit you, Mycroft. And stop talking to Mrs. Hudson about my personal matters; she is not your informant.”
Slowly, John turned towards Sherlock and moved his hand away to reveal a rather innocent looking tattoo; it was just a simple black and white illustration of a honey bee, right next to his heart.
John quickly followed after him and stepped into Sherlock’s bedroom, a small space with a perfectly made bed in the corner and a desk overflowing with notes and test tubes to the left of it. The walls were decked out with various insect and plant diagrams, along with a large poster of the periodic table, and what looked to be a stag skull wearing a pair of safety goggles.
“Hold it,” he ordered. “I’ll give you two minutes. You know you’re only here ‘cause we know this one’ll be like the rest.”
“Hamish, your dad's being silly,” he reassured before turning back to Sherlock. “Look, I'm fine. It's probably just a trapped nerve.”
“Oh, don’t do that, let’s skip that. Right, so, how about we jump to the part where you took a deadly poison seemingly on your own volition even though you were found at the top floor of a house that had quite a set of stairs and considering your limp you would have never made it up without your cane which, as I proved, was not on your person at the time.”
“The point is that between the two of us, I think we’ve rather reached our quota for hospital visits for the month.”
John frowned. He was tempted to disagree, but he supposed it wasn’t really up to him who Sherlock considered a friend.
“Certainly not,” Sherlock said. “It’s the reindeer that deserve a treat, lugging that sleigh around all night.”
The windows were drawn and the sun was beginning to set outside, and Sherlock couldn’t help but suddenly feel at ease now that he had a prime witness to help him find the killer for these last three victims, in which John was intended to be the forth.
