Brushing a finger over the digital letters in thought, John ended up glancing over at his desk to notice that he hadn't put his laptop away from earlier. This brought on the idea that maybe it would be a better idea if he attempted to find out a little more on who this Sherlock Holmes person was before he actually went out to meet with him again. Better safe than sorry was always a good rule.
John Watson from…”
“John, I…” David was interrupted with another round of coughing that splattered both more blood on himself and John who hovered over him, desperately trying to cover the bullet wound that had went straight through the other man’s stomach. There was just too much blood, and John had already went through most of what medical supplies he could keep on hand. He barely heard the bullets whizzing over both their heads as he could do little else but look down at his wounded charge.
Slowly John slipped the lid of the box back on, and with a sigh scooted it back under his bed with a slight shudder. Maybe tomorrow, he’d get over the thought of someone going through his private box tomorrow, surely, yeah, John kept telling himself.
Flipping the phone shut, he simply handed it back towards John while using his other free hand to grab the mug the woman was holding out towards him. Peering down at it with a satisfied look before he looked back up to whom John knew now as Molly, leaning forwards a little and putting another inquisitive tilt to his head. “You were wearing lipstick before?”
, he thought to himself, pocketing the tiny rocks into his gown.
John was unable to argue that, hanging up his own coat left him with a yawn before moving to take the stairs up to his room. He could really use a long sleep after everything that had happened.
“Time to choose.”
“I’m not Sherlock Holmes.” John replied as he turned his full attention back to the woman standing near the fire as if the heat did little to bother her. He had to try to get this situation under control, for Sarah’s sake.
“And that is my
Using a similar flopping motion that he had seen Sherlock use only minutes before, John was laying on his side on the bed, head enveloped into what he could only guess was a goose-down pillow. It took everything he had not to let out a groan at the much softer version of his original pillow.
“Sherlock!” He yelled through the still-closed door of the woman Familiar’s flat.
Leaning forwards in his seat, he again began clicking out a reply. Causing Sherlock to roll his eyes to the point where John thought they may get stuck somewhere in the back of his skull. Or lost in that mind palace he mentioned sometime before. Whatever that was.
John was proving to be a bit more interesting than even he had expected. There were not many things that left Sherlock feeling as if he had missed something vital. One second John was praising his deductions, the next he was running away as if Sherlock had done something completely different. Obviously he had offended him in some way, slamming door and all.
Even John’s personal thoughts were betraying him with their sarcastic undertones. With a shake of his head to clear those corrosive thoughts, he turned and made his way into the kitchen to make himself some tea. It was one of the few daily routines he found could at least prepare himself for the day in a manner that felt more homely, and soon enough he had a hot cup to take over to his desk, sipping before he placed it down first. Leaning his body to the side he slipped into his chair and placed the blasted cane to the side.
“Why am I not surprised. The answer is no.” John kept a hold of his cane with one hand, but was able to cross his arms in defiance of the request.
” Lestrade suddenly yelled louder, causing John to quickly look back forwards to find that Lestrade and Sherlock’s conversation had been cut short by another man, dressed sharply in black, whom had leaned closer to Lestrade to quietly speak into his ear to avoid being overheard.
Curiously, the detective actually looked like he was being sincere. Though it did not keep John from giving him a raised eyebrow and half-glare at the answer. Sherlock though, did not give up, looking at John as if he would keep up this staring contest till the end of his days. Another cat-like quality that John tossed onto the ever growing mental list. But, he gave Sherlock a eye-roll of his own before responding.
Sherlock, was casually standing in the middle of the room peering to the far wall with a slight curious tilt to his head, tail waving slowly back and forth behind what John had figured out was his favorite blue dressing gown. (One was lucky to see the detective in anything other than his two usual outfits for either outside, or home.) On hearing John though, both ears perked up atop his head and he pointed to the wall he had been looking at while he looked towards John.
” Angelo quickly replied, jotting down whatever it was that Sherlock had ordered and snatching up the menus. “Though Sherlock, you should really try and eat more!” He quickly switched back into English.
“Go play with your head and leave me be. I’m done with the fucking cutlery.”
“I didn’t know you were home, said good morning earlier.” He replied soon after.
John just stared.
The picture seemed simple enough really. An empty, unfurnished room showed a normal looking fireplace along one wall. The wallpaper itself looked aged, and was obviously peeling in some places. Two mirrors were within the room, a taller one propped into the corner casually, and a smaller one above the mantelpiece.
Sherlock had honestly been attempting to hold in the grin, even if he knew John could sense it. So instead he fully smirked at the Doctor in front of him and motioned downstairs with a hand. A slight curve to his ears only added to the mischievous look.
And once again, I may be slow, but I wont give up on this!
Taking that as his cue, John stepped out, though he already knew he would be back.
” John hastily whispered as he got inside and scooted to the far end of the cab so that Sherlock could join him. Pulling his coat tighter around himself, Sherlock slid in beside him, simply giving John an almost playful roll of his eyes before looking forwards.
“What about a kidney? Surely they won’t miss one of them.”
“Well, I better be going to bed, it is quite late.”
“Mycroft.” Was the only reply as Sherlock had suddenly found looking out his own window to be more interesting than the current conversation.
” Sherlock suddenly flung himself to a sitting position, abashed. “Molly had a body of a man who had oculocutaneous albinism, but would not let me take anything home! Some rubbish about the family wanting him whole for his funeral.”
The glass,
Thankfully, John was spared any further interest from their cab driver that had gone back to driving, but Sherlock was quickly ignoring John’s protest to his accidental racial slur. He hadn't meant it to sound like that at all! Sighing, he looked down to his cane that he had perched near his right knee when he had got into the cab before. He was really going to have to watch what he said from now on.
“Well, it is a nice spot. Expensive though.” John clumsily responded to the questioning gaze he got.
crossed out, might as well indulge in the other while he was alone.
John regarded him with that announcement with a few short blinks. Eventually, leaning back against their bench and tilting his head slightly.
John was slightly irked that anyone felt like he was the one needing to be protected,
“Yeah, really...” John was barely able to mutter, not responding to the comforting touch in the slightest.
“Hm.” Sherlock hummed as he took the offered envelope, holding it up before him into a sun shaft that sneaked through the boards over their broken window, to read the print more properly. “Not his handwriting…”
“A warning.” Sherlock clicked the phone closed, and grasped it tightly within his palm, to only then use that same hand to prop his chin up with use of his elbow on his knee. “An obvious warning.”
John stood outside the bathroom for a moment longer, regarding Sherlock’s door with a curious expression. There was no way the Familiar wouldn't have heard him if he was still in the flat. Maybe he’d went out for some reason? He might be asleep, but John doubted that the man really slept hard enough to not hear anything at all, he just didn't seem the type.
his color, and had clearly decided that the Detective Inspector was no longer worth his time. Greg fought off a sigh at the familiar inattentiveness before trying again.
“And what will the
Sherlock continued to give John the cat-death glare. John was sure that the he was the product of many visuals of how Sherlock might be able to get away with John’s death. But for some reason, the thought of a tiny evil genius cat plotting his death had John laughing even harder.
And then he had been kidnapped, he thought. His head hurt like hell, and from what he could tell in the darkness that surrounded him, he was currently tied down to a chair of some sorts. The place smelled like a dirty alleyway. He could barely remember being hit over the head when he had went to answer the door shortly after Sherlock left.
The doctor had got a nurse who checked on them shortly after to find him a chair, from which John noticed that the man had did his best to keep to low hushed tones in his request so that John wouldn't completely hear the conversation, but he did notice that the chair that was brought in was unlike a normal sitting chair that should have already been located in his room. This one appeared to simply be plastic one, more suitable on someone’s back porch than a hospital. This, Concade sat next to the bed and then took his seat to look at John.
” with a gush of pride.
“Exactly what I said. Just go. Get out of here.” Lestrade swished a hand in front of him to wave Sherlock and John off. “I got work to do, or not do, ugh....” Without any other information, the silver-haired Familiar turned and stalked off with black suited man, cursing to himself.
John found that he was not too bothered by the lack of communication though, instead he left the detective sprawled out and made his way up the stairs, down the small hallway to the end room, which was cracked partially open.
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection. Tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them.”
“Very.”
“I’ve changed my mind.”
“Yep.” Mike replied.
It might have been enough for them to finally leave John alone, and escort Mrs Hudson back to her own flat, but it did leave a wary looking Lestrade that made the perfect excuse to stay behind and help John. Curiously, John peered from the kitchen to watch as the Inspector Familiar was currently helping to board up their window for the time being, until they got it replaced.
“Sebastian.”
The older gentleman that had brought Sherlock to this location was now sitting comfortably at the table adorning the room. Leaning back slightly and looking up in his direction from under his cap with only a bit of near-white hair poking out under its edges.
Both Sherlock and John looked up at the noise, and John gave a small cough while putting a hand over his own stomach, trying to clear the air as it were with a nervous smirk.
“Very good.” John huffed at the thought of him being anything but.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is two two one B Baker Street.”
“It’s all fine, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had been, during Sebastian’s offer, opening the blinds fully to find a door behind them to a balcony. Which he had opened and stepped out onto, gracing the view with a studying glance here and there, lightly leaning over the edge to look at the drop below. Upon hearing the last part of Sebastian’s offer though, he turned.
The nurse blinked at him, and jerked her head back out of sight with the door shutting behind her.
“You're too late. He’s here.” Soo Lin whispered, with a frightened tremor barely held in check.
Can’t you see I am in shock, Gavin?!”
. Though, on actually looking at the appendage itself, it brought the entire night back into the foremost quarter of John’s thoughts.
.” John was attempting to say, but the barely adult Raz simply rolled his eyes and completely bypassed John and made his way up to Sherlock, getting a miffed “Hey!” out of John.
“What treasure? I have no bloody idea what you're talking about! And I am still not Sherlock bloody Holmes!” John was beginning to lose patience as he became more desperate, twisting against his bonds as best he could.
“Voila! Haha, the french don’t have anything on this old man’s romantic preparation!”
John didn't like remembering back to that day, he would rather much remember the better times of his career, but with ups came downs. If the middle of Afghanistan, in the middle of a full shootout weren't already a recipe for disaster than John was certainly again, in the middle of a down rather than an up.
“Sir William’s office, the bank’s former Chairman. Someone decided to break in late last night.”
Very slowly, the ears atop Sherlock’s head slowly backed against his now completely feline skull, before the small creature gave a very human like sigh and letting its feline body slip to the side to flop onto the couch in an exact mimic of earlier.
With a slight smile crossing over his face, John peeked to the stairs where he guessed led to his room.
by the end of the week?”
“John? Hey! John!”
Some more muttering, that John was clearly not in person enough to have heard through the hole. With an exasperated sigh he flicked the letterbox closed and raised back up to lean his back against the door, crossing his arms over his chest and letting his gloved hands squeeze his own arms in frustration.
John could only stare at where the man named Sherlock had only been a few seconds before, very slowly he turned around to look at Mike, who was watching him with a very satisfied look. John carefully pointed to the door.
“Oh. Uh….Yeah. Fine.” Was it hot in here or was it just…..scratch that, John thought. Then ended up wincing mentally. Bloody cat-puns, shut up brain.
"Welcome back.”
John only had a moment to look over at his friend Mike, before suddenly that set of dark curls was darting itself out from behind the door frame again as the man peeked back into the room. Instead though, atop his head and holding the very same hue was a pair of dark furry pointed ears, perked forwards to give the man’s smirk an added
“I was going to allow you to examine my ears.” Sherlock’s voice from the living room, was that innocence John was hearing? Hardly.
smell on you that I find offensive.” Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes as if the entire thing were so boringly obvious.
“Are you still on about…? Ugh.” John thumped his head against the door. “I’m not going to let you guilt trip me into illegally obtaining human organs.”
And then the bullet took everything important to him.
“A hole in your security then.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, pocketing his phone he looked to the one window in the room and pulled down a section of the blinds with his fingers, looking out.
“What now Mrs. Hudson?! Can't you see I am plotting murder here?!” Sherlock snapped back at his landlady, twirling about to face her.
Sherlock was not even a large cat. Not a long, lengthy, slender type of cat that John had been expecting. Instead, on the couch sat a rather half-fluffed creature that was attempting to look as regal as something so fucking cute could possibly be. John had been on the internet enough to know what a cute cat looked like, and Sherlock beat them all, easily.
“Greg.”
“How many ways can someone enter this office?”
“Promise me.”
” Sherlock smirked, quietly muttering to himself.
“Only if you accompany me.”
“This is a old friend of mine, John Watson.” Mike introduced him, his friend stepping closer and giving John’s shoulder a friendly pat to indicate him directly to the other man who was still tapping away at his phone with one hand.
When the police had showed up, Sherlock completely disappeared without much trace back into his bedroom. Leaving John to the explaining that no, there was no gun-shots before the explosion. Complete hogwash. People always did try to turn a bad situation worse in the most unlikely events. Oh, we’re fine. Nothing to worry about here.
“I just met him yesterday, that is all.” John briefly wondered why he was answering this man’s questions when the man still refused to tell him where all of his stuff had gone to.
“Just this once, I am not your housekeeper either!” Came the upraised tone from the kitchen, making John smile in spite of himself.
“Sherlock!”
“Friends?”
Tutting under his breath, John slipped out of the flat.
“Um...yes?” John quietly answers as if not to disturb Mrs Hudson and carefully put down the paper back on the table and shoved himself up to walk over to the door, cane in tow.
Narrowing his eyes he tilted his frame to the side in an attempt to peer through the crack so that he could get a glimpse inside. After doing so he ended up cursing under his breath and just pushing the door open to head inside. He had such a long day and John was ready to get all of this fuckery over with, despite whomever he would have to grapple with that got in his way.
“Answer is still no.”
“This was
“As the world likes to remind me on a constant basis…” He mentioned towards John’s direction.
And where was his cane? He could close the door that way without getting up. Instead, the traitorous object was leaning against the frame of the very doorway that was irritating his mood. John had a short mental struggle as he glared at the cane as if the inanimate object was mocking him. John was sure it was.
“See what I mean?” She kindly looked up from her notes to give him a practiced smile. “Reading my writing upside down.”
happens to me. Not anymore.” A small lapse in his ‘everything is fine’ stature.
That planetary thought had John giggling around his toothbrush as he brushed his teeth in their shared bathroom. Sherlock, for all his talk about that precious “mind palace” of his, had accidently leaked to John about his knowledge of their solar system. Or, lack thereof. Like a good friend, John had spent at least an hour and two glasses of tea heckling the detective with planet jokes and bad puns. The lanky Familiar had finally drooped into a proper pout on the couch with ears backed permanently against his skull before John finally took pity on him.
“You do not look like a friend of Sherlock's.” John pressured further.
you telling me where the treasure is. It is getting late, after-all.”
“Oh, two of them maybe, but
Sherlock didn't reply at first, and sat quiet as he regarded John with a guarded expression. Eventually though, he looked forwards and tapped their cab driver on the shoulder.
A third echoing gunshot, and quiet. John skid to a stop.
It was found, that Familiars could be born from humans without the taboo act of a copulation between Warlock/Witch and their selected Familiar. Even though numerous testing still has limited results as to why this is, humanity has simply accepted the fact. Most Familiars are born with any sort of particular physical aspect to suggest their genealogy. Be it the more common slitted eyes or partially clawed fingernails, these physical aspects could even resort up to ears, wings, scales, tails, and many other aspects have been documented. These physical aspects are normally registered in the womb of the pregnant female before birth, and c-sections are always recommended to eliminate further difficulties. Magic-users on the other hand, are normally only found later in childhood. ‘Late-Bloomers’ that only show signs of magic-use much later in life are seen unusual, but not unheard of.
“Now I can't give you all the details as far as your job position goes, though I am sure you already have a good idea of that…” Concade was attempting to explain.
So, thank you again, and I hope to see you next time. =)
Sherlock must have shifted back, John thought. Turning his head and putting his ear to the door, even if he really did have to do so to hear inside.
“Sherlock Holmes, I would say it is quite the pleasure to meet you, but given the current circumstances…”
John had to bite the inside of his cheek, hard enough almost to bring blood.
After the absolute fiasco of a circus, whereas they had been attacked after Sherlock had found that they were indeed part of this gang (“Not a gang, John!”) he’d been researching into. A horribly awkward trip to Lestrade’s office that involved dragging poor Sarah along with him as another witness, and they had finally got back to their flat where hopefully John was going to try to pull the mere shreds of tonight’s evening with Sarah back together again regardless of Sherlock’s constant rambling. Finally the detective had sod off, and he was actually alone with Sarah with what felt like the first real time of the night.
“Sorry mate, assumptions had to be made.” Lestrade gave John a friendly pat on the shoulder. “Me and the other mates figured it would be the only reason anyone could stand being around him for any longer period of time. Let alone live here. He’s a good bloke mind you, but quite aggravating on the soul.”
Sure enough, there was Sherlock. Now standing over a smaller man that John could barely make out. Sherlock’s frame on the other hand was more than obvious, and squinting John could make out the detective raising a hand upwards to hold something into the light of the room, which flickered off it briefly.
“You can ask for a closer look.”
Sherlock simply raised a shoulder and flung out his fingers towards their cab driver in reply.
Before John could respond, the man that had still not given him his name turned and walked around John towards the door, lifting a hand to appear to close it, though instead reached behind it with the other to grab an umbrella that had been perched against the wall behind it. With a fluttered shake to the tool, the man then tapped it against the ground and now opened the door fully to step over the threshold. Only pausing to turn back once to look at John who had silently been watching.
. “Yellow Dragon Circus, here for only one night,
“Yeah,
“Is he...?”
Pause. No reply.
“Well...yeah but, if it puts you in a better mood, that’s two birds with one stone yeah?”
“I had a row with the chip-and-PIN machine…” John muttered a bit, seeming a little off-put by Sherlock’s display of ‘little-ole-innocent-me’.
“Just a friend.”
Blinking, John looked up from his phone to notice that Sherlock had at some point put his own away, and was regarding John with one feline ear flipped down. Giving the detective both a curious expression, and an annoyed one at the same time. Something John figured came naturally to the Familiar.
“See? Nothing. I conclude that your magical discharge-” John cringed at that. “-is directly tied into your emotions. Nothing new when it comes to magical skill. You know I will not hurt you, and you know you are not trying to hurt me. Thus, perfectly safe.”
“You are going to be just fine, John.” The doctor lifted a gloved hand to place it to his patient’s shoulder. “Really.”
It was during these earlier years though that even as a child John felt restless. It wasn't as if he had a bad childhood, hardly. But that normal feeling that eventually reached him to wonder about things having more substance, his own personal place in the world, was a feeling that not only never really left, but seemed to continue to affect him long after most normal people would have accepted their lot in life.
Its been awhile, hasn't it? I bet you do not even remember me. That makes two of us I guess.
of your situation, we are going to have to take extra precautions before allowing you to leave the hospital.”
“I am not his da-” John was very quickly trying to gain ground by sitting down at their table and scooting back.
The man was tall, not that John wasn't normally used to that, and stood by the window looking down at the street below. What light that could be gained from the street lights at this upwards angle threw glancing shadows across the tailored suit that snugly fit the taller man’s frame. Both hands perched atop a cane that held only a fraction of the man’s weight as he leaned slightly forwards, giving a tilt to his head to look past the wooden frame of the window itself. Once John had entered though, he slowly drew up to his full height, shoulders perched back once he had straightened.
Out fell, a single, small pink cellphone.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift. We have created a society that honours the servant and has forgotten the gift. - Albert Einstein
“If you don't want me here any further Sherlock, I would completely understand. Specially with what happened tonight, and me being a “
Shortly afterwards, John found himself alongside Sherlock as the two of them were walking away from the crime scene and in the general direction of 221B. Hands were back in his pockets and John found himself looking everywhere but the Consulting Detective's direction. The traffic was really looking horrid with all of the police jamming up the streets at this time of night…
No, seriously. What...the...
“I mean, the guy
John swallowed, before giving himself a mental shake. He needed to quit acting like he was suddenly a teenager again and all thoughts of touching another person was anything but normal. He was a doctor, damn it. Squaring his shoulders back, he lifted a still gloved hand to lightly trace his fingers through a few of Sherlock’s side curls where one would have normally found his human ears.
“Yes.”
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.” Replied slightly rougher than Sherlock’s baritone.
Sherlock gave a pointed roll of his eyes at the very notion he was going to do something as mundane as shopping. It wasn't even as if he ate that much anyways.
Familiars are now seen as productive members of society after years of struggle to achieve the right. Even though there is still prejudice amongst humans and magic-users alike, laws have been in effect for years giving them full membership to society with rights to marriage, voting, schooling, etc. By law, all are equal, though many hold keen to the ‘old ways’ of thinking that Familiars are the lesser species. Special bonding between Familiars with Warlocks and Witches are even more rare than before. With Familiar rights in place, they are now able to hold their own without their owner’s permission and care, and most feel no need to ‘find’ their partner. These special bonds still take place from time to time as a Familiar and Magic-user will still tend to meet as if by fate, and these bonds are seen as good omens for both Familiar and Magic-user and are often looked upon with jealousy.
“Borrowed?” Sherlock decided to give John his best smirk with that answer.
“Well, after the rubbish is cleared…” Oops.
“Oh, yes.” Mrs Hudson quickly nods and sidestepped around John so that she could close the door behind him, though she was quick enough to brush a hand against his shoulder and John found himself already liking the woman as he tilted his head to watch her. Though with Sherlock’s footsteps going up the stairs he was quick to catch on that he should be following, that and Sherlock was already at the top looking down at him by the time he placed a hand on the stairs’ rail.
, don’t seem very frightening.” John answered back in clear retaliation. Only causing the man’s smirk to continue unabated.
Molly, who had before was looking rather pleased with herself with getting the beverage, instantly darkened at the question, her earlier smile just barely cracking.
“I did, obviously.” The man answered, back to that underwhelmed tone of his he had been using before, but it didn't stop him. “I was telling Mike this morning how I believed it was troublesome to find a flatmate for myself. Now, he is here after lunch hours accompanied by an old friend that is very clearly back from military service. It was not that difficult.”
“Yesterday,” The man repeated. “And yet, you are already moving in with him and solving crimes together.” Suddenly leaning closer, the man hovered over John’s small stature and gave him another one of those smirks that John was debating wiping off the man’s face, personally. “Might we expect a
“Thats...t-thats okay. Everything is fine. You look very nice, Sherlock.” John attempted, but was very slowly losing the battle.
“Well. I guess I’ll just doze here for a little longer.” John leaned back into his chair with a sigh.
John has a lot to think about.
Clicking a new tab to open, John flicked through his history and found where he had left off on a website that covered on basic information regarding Familiars.
“This is anything
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s cane had been haphazardly left leaning near the door-frame of his room, door still open.
Finally, a real grin. John had only seen a select few of those today.
“Ugh, alright, alright…” John gave up the argument before it had even started, he was getting tired at this point. Might as well try to give the shopping another chance. Pocketing the wallet he went back for his coat, slipped it on while opening the door. “Don’t wait up.”
“Does that look right to you?” Sherlock asked through John’s silent inner attempt not to blow up. Slowly, he moved his head to look at their living room wall where, of all things, a smiley face had been spray painted in that god-awful yellow color.
he used to do on all of us.”
Thankfully he was alone, sitting on his knees while holding the tags slightly above his head while his other hand lightly batted at the metal to make it clank and clink. They were rather
With a watery smirk in the mirror, John grabbed his towel and cleaned himself off. After, allowing himself a deep breath to stretch his lungs before he exited the bathroom and into the flat proper. Sherlock was no-where to be seen, but as John had quickly found out, that was not an unusual occurrence. The Familiar tended to be flighty at best, and figured that something at Bart’s had more than likely caught his friend’s attention.
Keeping that pleased look about himself, Sebastian moved to sit back down at his desk and prompted for the two of them to sit as well. Sherlock took a second to glare at the offending piece of furniture before plopping down into it with a huff, and John followed after his own chair, a little less plopping on his end.
Here was where he really would want his biography started. John started to actually feel like himself, among the dangers his new position of Captain would give him. It might have taken three years to get to this point, but London was far away, and the feel of a gun in his hand while he both protected and saved the lives of fellow men among the warm sand and hot sun was exactly what he needed. Maybe he couldn't save them all, but John Watson was actually making a difference.
“Take my card.”
And then the world outside exploded.
“Yes, Mike. Sorry, yes. Hello.” Smooth John… “Hi.”
“Your humming.” Sherlock’s voice interrupted the depressing line of thought.
“What are you going on about?”
Ignoring the cold tea, Sherlock stepped up from the couch and made his way towards the window, casually reaching out and down to grab the case of his violin that had been sat atop a random box. Opening it, he pulled out the musical instrument, set the case back down, and grabbed the bow that was also inside. The other free arm was moving the violin in place under his chin. It was all a very practiced motion that he easily did without giving it much thought.
“Come on Mike...who would want a flatshare with me? Really?”
in the game plan tonight, Sherlock.” John growled openly.
“Your the one who shot him, not me.”
and tell me how this does not fit.
John, could barely stand to watch the confrontation. Instead, he was glancing over to the side where Sarah had been taken by the other officers on the scene. She was leaning against a patrol car, orange shock blanket wrapped around her, appearing to be quietly answering questions being given to her by one of Lestrade’s men. John took mental note that he was really going to have to try explaining the situation better to her later, if she even let him. He did actually need that clinic job, regardless of the possible relationship that he knew he was no way in hell getting now.
“You know how they never leave notes?”
“I am afraid I have already disproved that statement.” Concade said in reply. “Regardless, we believe that the electrical discharges were what complicated your injury. From what we were told, your heart actually stopped on the way here, and restarted itself on its own, twice, without the normal foreseen complications that it would have caused to anyone else. They were afraid to even get you on a plane, though had little choice if they were going to save your life. Luckily, your comrades were able to provide enough blood for a quick transfusion, though that could have very well led to the infection of the wound in the first place.”
“Oh!” Lestrade suddenly exclaimed, before running down their stairs and out of sight for a few moments before returning with a small white envelope within his hands, that he held out to Sherlock. “Looks like he left you this.”
“I’m!”
Today sure hadn't ended up anything like he thought it was going to. But that was a good thing, right?
know about the drinking?” John asked, exasperated, while he put his phone back into his pocket.
The cab rolled to a stop, and looking up John saw the building that housed his flat outside the window.
“And what exactly did they steal?” John mentioned, since Sherlock seemed rather engaged with looking about the room, and promptly not looking at Sebastian himself.
“If you do not want me to laugh, I won’t laugh, Sherlock.”
“I know you're an army doctor that has been recently invalidated home from Afghanistan. You have a brother who is worried about you but you will not go to him for help because you disapprove...of a drinking problem, more than likely. I would not be surprised if his wife recently left him. I also know that your therapist thinks the limp in your right leg is psychosomatic. Incorrect I am afraid, I'd fire her."
“You are at least slightly smarter than you look. The radius curvature of these walls is nearly four metres. If you miss, and you
Last thing John felt, was the warming presence of Sherlock stepping in behind him. John didn't even question how he knew it was the Familiar without looking, even as he felt long fingers being gently draped onto his shoulder. It did not even occur to him at the moment, just how much the gesture was completely out of Sherlock’s usual character.
“No. But it was an easy enough guess.” A soft dark chuckle.
With a free hand used to wave away the solution, the man did little else but keep to his work.
The laughter was rather contagious, and John ended up giggling right alongside Sherlock as they started moving again, Sherlock having raised his hand and attempting to hail a cab.
But he couldn't finish the sentence. Both of them ended up in the same inept communication gap, with Mike looking to his friend with a troubled expression, while John did his best to avoid it all costs.
Oh now
“Don’t be cheek, I mean it.” John turned quiet after that, looking down at the floor thoughtfully. Now that he had got over the initial “shock” of seeing Sherlock shift, he was now more worried about accidentally having truly offended his friend. It was the entire reason he had even been looking up the information online in the first place.
John attempted to swallow down the urge to cough, and ended up clearing his throat instead while drawing his eyes back to the traffic to their right. What in the hell was he supposed to say to something like that?
Check it out at the imgur or link, or the first chapter!
“Hm?” John darted his head back around to Sherlock’s direction to find the younger man had actually stopped and turned to look directly at him. He also paused, blinking in what he hoped was an innocent manner. “Yeah? Yeah. Had to have been. Bullet proof, right?”
Eventually, Sherlock closed the laptop after he had found what he was looking for. He wasn't sure how much time had passed, but on looking up he found that John was barely holding onto the cup of tea he had made earlier. The cup was balanced on both knees between his hands, while John was leaning forwards and had closed his eyes. Looking down, Sherlock finally noticed the tea that John had made him earlier, still sitting within easy reaching distance, and had long gone cold. Maybe it had been hours ago, Sherlock didn't know.
“So Doctor Watson, there is another bedroom upstairs.
“Oh how we used to
’ before turning back to the leaving man with a narrowed expression.
Sherlock scowled, why was this bothering him? With a throaty growl he pushed himself off the couch and hopped to his feet. Without bothering to even straighten his gown, he made his way to the stairs. He had much better things to do rather than be repetitive even in his own mind. Which was twice as annoying, he might add. Heaven forbid,
“Oh! John, hello.” All thoughts of abusive tones thrown to the wind when she spotted John, still in his chair. Lifting a hand and giving him a small wave and smile.
“And he says I am the
Quirking a brow, John applied the second spoonful. He wasn't the type of man that should be judging anyone on how they took their tea.
“Without you, we would never had made it into London…”
“Second jar to the fridge, on the left. Third cupboard over the stove, after. I take sugar in mine, first jar to the right of the stove.” Sherlock’s voice again.
Did he actually want to get up? The goose-down pillow he had been given still felt just as heavenly as it did last night. Having slept on his back most of the night, John rolled over onto his front, wrapping both arms around the pillow as he enveloped his face into the feathery-filled goodness with a deep content sigh.
A sudden loud clearing of the throat was heard before John was able to give a proper answer, leaving the two of them to quickly lean back from one another and stare wide-eyed towards the hallway. Sherlock seemed to be casually leaning against the wall, having re-dressed into a tight purple shirt that John had only seen him wear once or twice before. His arms were crossed, and was clearly giving John a evil-eyed glare. At least he had by now got both his hair and his tail under control from their earlier static shock, the latter lashing behind him angrily.
The woman let out a small groan of frustration as she pointed the gun in the direction that Sherlock had disappeared again, but seemed to be unsure on actually firing. Slowly she began walking in small steps down towards where Sherlock had hidden himself.
“I uh…got shot?” John didn't really know how else to reply.
“Listen. The Black Lotus. An Ancient Chinese crime syndicate. They are the ones behind this.”
“Apparently…you are free to go.”
Both John and Mycroft turned to see a very disgruntled Sherlock watching the both of them carefully, throwing a little more of a hated look towards Mycroft personally. Letting out another one of those well worn sighs, Mycroft turned to face his brother more-so than John.
“So, um...tea? I could go for some.”
…Well then. John kept silent.
Well, there was that moment gone.
“Why does everyone think me and him...and...ugh.” John shook his head swiftly while leaning the broom against the wall and making his way back over to his chair, which he took a moment to sweep over with his hand just incase he had missed any glass from having set it upright before. Afterwards, he flopped down into it with a gruff sigh.
John knew Sherlock had him at that point, slowly he pulled off his glove and twisted his hand around to look down at his own palm. The skin of his hand while still holding some of the tan he had acquired from Afghanistan still seemed to him a paler than it should have been, specially towards his wrist.
John took a last scrub at his scalp with a towel after he had put on fresh clothes, feeling insanely better after the shower. He was still humming even as he reached down to grab his old clothes and the other towel he has used to dry off with, opening the bathroom door he moved down the hallway, through the kitchen only to find…
The woman shouted something in Chinese to the man whom had attempted to catch Sherlock, only to cause him to lose his attention right at the exact moment that Sherlock came barreling out from the side wall to smash a metal pipe to the side of his head before darting back into the dark. The man fell with hardly a small sound of pain, it had been that quick.
“Seriously Sherlock, maybe it would help?” John tried.
picked the wrong building. John had picked the
“Sherlock Holmes.” Was stated, in a dull tone.
I don't have any excuses, not really. But, long story short...I got a new job two years ago. A *real* job, in my personal opinion. And I have had to work my absolute butt off to make sure everything was perfect for that. And I spent a lot of my time mostly just stressing about that. But I always had this story in the back of my mind.
“Yeah, I guess you can say that.” John replied with the still soft tone to his voice while he looked back up to Sherlock.
“Could always use the extra money.”
, had actually ran off by himself with what John could only expect to be the murderer. John had followed the man around dutifully all day, only to suddenly be left again without much notice other than having watched Sherlock leave in a cab. It was only by luck John felt, that he had went back to 221B right as Sherlock’s laptop had started to beep with a map tracking the location of the poor dead girl’s phone. John remembered looking at the screen, with a very wrong feeling settling into his chest, and had grabbed both it and his cane to try and find Sherlock.
“Aren't we the loyal one? And so quickly too.” Another one of those bloody smirks.
Sherlock quickly turned his head to John’s statement, his ears barely lifting from his head as he fought the urge to lift them entirely at the surprising comment.
, John thought.
Tea. John really needed tea.
Sherlock blinked, grabbed onto his gown, and yanked it to the side to peer at his tail. A shocked expression flew into the features of that finely boned face, only to wither into a snarl as he threw his head back to yell at the ceiling.
“Why didn't you say anything?”
Sherlock jumped back up all in a single fluid movement, giving John an instant view of tiny white fangs and a responding “
time either.
Not that John actually cared right now, he was still going over the previous conversation that had left him feeling even more unnerved than the minutes before he’d actually stepped up into the flat. He didn't even notice as the cab pulled from the curb and out onto the street. What he did notice though, was the sudden sniffing noise at his left ear.
“Oh come off it, Sherlock! Your hair will be just fine!” John giggled up at him after a few moments of catching his breath.
“Well?”
“Oh. Um…” John paused, trying to think. “I have no clue.”
“It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you’re looking for a flat-share. You wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then. New case, old phone.” Sherlock reached over for the phone and carefully twisted it over, clicking the case off and peering at the back closely.
“Yeah, I know I know, I got fat!” He’d laugh, before looking to John with a more studying expression. “I heard you went way out of town for awhile there, getting shot and all that nasty business, what happened?”
That particular specimen was still currently taking up room when John peeked into their fridge to see what he had in terms of making himself breakfast. After John had originally got over his shock, and disgust, the head was slowly becoming easier to ignore. Though he still refused to touch it, and reminded himself to tell Sherlock to get rid of it soon. With a slight sigh, John carefully reached around to grab his jar of jam. At least that particular food product was safely sealed enough for John’s comfort. Toast it is, then.
“Trivial, really.” Sherlock paused only to stretch his neck to the right with a soft popping noise, before going back to whatever he was currently engaged in. “Took me less than a minute to figure yours out. Not exactly Fort Knox.”
“Breakfast? Tea?” John tried for conversation.
Update: 05/13/2015: Cover art is now finished! http://i.imgur.com/KSvE38v.jpg
Instead, the sudden action caused John to go rigid with instinctive reaction with the almost violent movement, and Sherlock to suddenly yelp in pain as small arches of electricity latched onto the Familiar’s hand with deadly accuracy.
Opening the side drawer, he very carefully reached in with his right hand to grab his laptop, the gloves keeping him from wiping the entire thing clean with an efficient shock to the mostly metal device. As much as he hated the gloves, they did serve an important purpose right now. It didn't keep John from giving another glare to the rubber in-lined material though.
With a shrug of the man’s shoulders, with both palms upraised into the air defeatedly, he gave a small sigh as if he was only agreeing reluctantly to the deduction.
“How can you
Normally, Sherlock, would have already been pressuring for the two of them to get up and start the day, specially with a case still left unfinished, but with a flick of his tail he turned back to the window. Giving the pane a thoughtful look he let the bow he still held softly tap against his leg.
” Another backwards kick sent the heel of his foot into the lower door frame.
The brooding in the cab was interrupted by a low growling noise, coming from John’s seat.
Taking a deep slow breath, John slowly closed the fridge and stepped back into the living room.
“Me and Sherlock knew one another at Uni, John, did you know?” Turning his attention towards John. “He had this little
“This isn’t a
But, it also meant that John would be undisturbed, and
….that was an entirely different story. That little normally silent figure in the back of John’s mind took a moment to brush dust lightly off his chest with a smirk before mentally mentioning “
“Well...it would just be locum work, and you’re a bit over-qualified.” She mentioned, just barely looking over the top of the paperwork to browse over John’s figure.
“How very nice of you.” John’s face twisted slightly as the words snaked out in sarcasm.
Even more startled, Soo Lin grasped out with both hands and caught herself on a cupboard looking shelved wall, her side turned to John. One emergency light framing her body as she peered down at the floor, both hands knuckled white as she held onto the shelf she’d nearly fallen against.
“Take us there.”
John squinted at the emoticon. Ah, a winky face, he was
Once had made it back down to the cab that was still waiting for him, he might have slammed the cab door a little too hard as it made Sherlock actually look up from his cell phone once he entered the vehicle. John wasn't sure if anything else would have caught the detective's attention otherwise.
It didn't make him any less annoyed though.
“What information? Why?”
Critique, ideas, anything is very welcome. And thank you again.
He might have screamed it, but John’s world had became a torrent of roaring white.
Inside, John found Sherlock standing in the middle of the room, looking towards their window where another tall dressed fellow that John recognized was standing, leaning slightly on what John figured by now was his signature umbrella.
One thing was clear though. He needed to find Soo Lin. There was more data to be had.
“Someone has asked you out on a date.”
Little things like that didn't really seem to matter.
Patting himself down while he removed himself from the cab, John found his keys while he made his way up to the flat. By the time he reached the door he already had the correct key in hand and was ready to make this stop and be as quick as possible. He ended up pausing though, right as he was about to shove the key into the lock.
“John,” Concade started again, “There were unforeseen...difficulties involving your healing process that the facility on which you were located had been unable to deal with. You were then transported to here, so that we could treat you.”
“Suicides, Sherlock. Right up your street, I thought. Three of them.” She gave a small shake of the paper in his direction.
“The violin.” The man stated again, seeming to get a slightly annoyed tone at having to repeat himself, without looking up at John as he stared at the laptop’s open screen. “I like to play when I am thinking. Sometimes, I don’t speak for days on end.” Suddenly, as if he had a thought that erupted into his head, he leaned up and peered back to John, with a more interested look.
“Nice shot.”
“Of course you did.” John ended up giving a small chuckle.
John felt his face heat up at the sound, only to force himself to cough before he looked back at the Familiar. Both ears had swiveled partially backwards on Sherlock’s exposed curls where his head rested on the armrest of the couch, figuring that he could tell where John easily was by sound alone. The thought didn't make him feel any better about his mild singing. At least he hadn't went along with today’s earlier plan with the door open!
“I could use some air, too.” Well, neither excuse was a lie.
Sherlock was currently busy picking at the orange cloth covering his shoulders with lithe digits as if the material was offensive, he was very knowledgeable about how orange was just
John was almost scared to open his eyes now. He promised Sherlock he wouldn't laugh. So, taking a slow deep breath, John braced himself and peeked open one eye.
, John noticed. He wondered for a second why he kept catching onto these things quickly, but then he knew exactly why he was, and he frowned slightly at that thought.
.” Sherlock attempted to sneer out again, though it came in a slightly more breathy tone than he would have liked. Giving a firm shake of his head to try to rid himself of his earlier thoughts, he placed both hands onto the couch to thrust himself into standing, giving his upper body a twirl he peered down to John.
“Maybe later, I’ll be back.” John moved to grab his coat.
flat, and now he was in his new room where he had been moved in by other people.
“Where the bloody hell did he go?” He paused, to look back inside at John and Sherlock.
“You said, maybe later. Well, according to the current time frame, right now would be an approximate time after your statement. Thus, it is now later.”
“But that's only at the surface, isn't it John? You were removed from the army, gunshot wound and all that nasty business. Most people wouldn't look further than that as the reason why you were brought home. But a gunshot wound is still a gunshot wound, and in the middle of warfare I bet you were not the only doctor around. If you were found still alive, there would have been some sort of backup. You could have been treated, you only got shot in the arm after all. Tremor or not, they need all they can get on site don't they? You would have found someway to stay.”
“I'm not wasting my breath.
“And is he always like that?”
” Enough was enough! John was about to go on a rampage about how utterly insane this entire night had been, except when he startled at the rude comment he accidentally banged the back of his head against that cab’s right back window.
a house cat!
The laugh was rather addictive, and John found himself giving a small chuckle alongside.
What in the
John continued to stare.
“The Science of Deduction. Quite a read.” John quickly answered.
not from you.”
Together, they continued without giving any care to anything else other than the song. All nervousness gone, John gave into his normally hidden pleasure of the music, and simply let it take everything else away. Just leaving the two of them.
The smoke-like copper smell was almost unmistakable.
Something in John’s mind corrected him, once more.
“Maybe the reason you are so moody is because I've never seen you actually shift in the weeks I have been here.”
“It just is
“Scratches. Not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. Another man wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.”
So, hello. Or: Hello again. Thank you for taking the time to read this, and I hope a small part of you enjoys.
John suddenly felt the urge to defend himself to that smirk, and squared his shoulders back, adjusting his cane slightly.
“You, my friend. Are not the only person who has said that to me today.”
“Yeah…” John softly replied back, still watching the dark sleek car curiously.
“Well! I’m going to take a shower, if you are here or not! Just so you know!”
Without regarding Sherlock, Mycroft slowly stepped into the room so that he could offer a folder in John’s direction. “A civil servant, named Andrew West, was found dead this morning on the Battersea Station tracks. Head completely smashed in.”
Something that was both verbally, and nonverbally said. John gave Sherlock a smile between the words.
“Mr. Sherlock’s poor
With a quiet grunt of discomfort he sat up, reaching down to untwist his bed covers from his legs, and swung both around to the floor at his side. Instinctively reaching down to his right knee and giving the appendage a small squeeze with a wince. He had been told that the pain he was feeling in his leg was nothing but a figment of his imagination, or more or less had been told that in far kinder words. John was a realist if anything though, and imaginary or not, his bum leg was still causing him pain.
“Injuries, violent deaths, that whole lot.” Sherlock stated, without glancing away.
Flipping himself back over with a thump against the bed, John already had one hand draped over the end of the bed and was grabbing for a very certain box that he knew he always had handy just for these certain situations that
Suddenly, shortly after, Sherlock slung his head around towards both John and Sebastian. John was just barely able to catch a twitching ear before it rested among the curls once more.
“You going to sit there all morning, are you?” He mentioned, rather darkly.
John gave a soft sigh as the music enveloped his senses, even when he was half-asleep. Giving a few bleary blinks he looked up to find his new flatmate in a stance he felt was something out of a movie.
“Um, so this…” John tried again, but ended up just motioning around the room.
Giving a tired shake of his head, John was careful to use his left gloved hand to reach towards his waist and under the current jumper he was wearing where he had slipped his gun. Pulling it out, he simply pulled open the small drawer connected to his bedside table with his ungloved hand, to place the weapon carefully inside and re-close it, making sure not to actually touch the weapon itself was his exposed skin. He was just much too tired to place the gun back into his normal desk at this time.
John, was not a happy patient. Not that he had been very happy before, but now he could barely look at the other doctor without glaring. He was back in London, not in Afghanistan where most of his intact memories were located. His job, his platoon, everything was back there, and John knew well enough that if he was back home, he wasn't about to be getting back to his life any time soon. Oh no, John was not happy. No sir.
“I did not steal the head, Molly said I have to return it in three days. Is this acceptable?”
That Sherlock was draped back over the couch, looking as if he was wearing only a dressing gown. Chest bare to the world of two two one B, but at least he had remembered pants!
John felt himself go cold. He didn't dare look in Sarah’s direction.
“Eh?” John looked to Sherlock, giving that slight tilt to his frame that allowed him to slide his bad leg forwards on the carpet to a more comfortable position.
“You have it all wrong…” John whispered, nervously
“Nothing to worry about, John.” Sherlock reached up to grab the offered hand so that he could pick himself off of the floor / fallen couch. “It was just a miscalculation on my part. The sudden movement of course would have caused your ability to activate in self defense at the surprise. I’ll know better in the future.” All said while he sat the couch back up into its proper standing position.
“Fucking hell!” That had actually
had he got himself into?! First, he had been brought to a crime scene, an actual crime scene, dead body and all. Then, Sherlock had apparently got the idea that the suicides were anything but actual suicides and suddenly they were in the middle of a murder investigation. John was just a doctor! Regardless of the fact that Sherlock had asked his opinion of the dead woman, and yes John had actually been able to give information that was correct, Sherlock had still been there to give the conclusion that the woman had not killed herself. Well, not really. John had just been there to prove a point.
Apparently, the extra attributes were simply that. There was a rather large section at the bottom of the page that explained that regardless of whatever extra pieces a Familiar might own, that did not mean they were closely related in true mannerisms of whatever type they might otherwise portray. To think so, or admit to otherwise, could apparently be seen as rude and disregarding of the individual in question. It was apparently a demeaning act.
“You killed a man tonight, John Watson. In such a means that would have normally caught the attention of every even slight official within this country. You are labeled as a four currently, which would have thrown your name to the top of the list of individuals that would need to be re-evaluated.”
Sherlock was met with a sudden bout of silence from the kitchen area, causing him to peek a single eye open and look towards John’s direction, where he had paused on opening the fridge door.
Another deep snicker came from behind the door.
. Might even bounce off the tunnel and hit
That, strangely enough, forced a grin from Sherlock.
“Hm. Debit Card. For a one named S. Holmes.” Rolling her eyes, she tossed the card over her shoulder. “One cheque for five thousand pounds made out in the name of Mr Sherlock Holmes.” She paused to give John an over exaggerated look of being impressed before she turned her attention back to his wallet, flinging the cheque over her shoulder as well. “Tickets. Collected by you, again in the name of Holmes.” With a final flick, the wallet sailed behind her and she leaned down close enough where John could see the glint of the firelight in her eyes.
Just as suddenly as Mycroft’s attention had moved, so had Sherlock. Quickly shifting to stand in front of the smaller man he let out a low growl under his breath in Mycroft’s direction, ears still flat and out of sight against his skull.
But Sherlock was deaf to the act and was already pulling his coat tighter around himself and making his way to the door, barely even looking back at his ‘landlady’ or his new flatmate.
Sarah Sawyer, General Practitioner. John’s memory was slowly catching up to him after having been forcibly thrown from the sleep state it so desperately wanted at this point. The brunette he’d gone to see about the clinic job. Slowly he typed out a message through the number keypad, which ended up with him receiving another look from Sherlock that was easily read as a silent ‘
John didn't pick up any milk that night at all.
“Of course.” Sherlock casually mentioned, pausing his bow while it lay across the violin. Pausing the music and letting his head turn slightly to regard John with blue-green gaze that seemed far softer than John remembered it having been at any other point of the day, or the one before.
“Sherlock, I have two men dead, this is far more serious than you made it out to be.”
“No, Sherlock!” John said a little too roughly while turning back to Sherlock. “Wait. I mean...How would you even be okay with that? I don't need to look at every extra body part to trust you, Sherlock. You being a Familiar doesn't change anything between us.”
“This can not be her cellphone. This one is brand new.” Sherlock softly replied while ignoring Lestrade’s earlier snark. Clicking the phone open they find surprisingly it is completely charged, and the front screen began to flicker with a unopened digital envelope. Thus stating a new message has yet to be heard. A voice message stated shortly after that -
“I suppose that is adequate.”
“Well,” John mentioned after a moment. “This could be nice.”
“Mike, your phone please? Mine has no signal in here.” The tall dark man questioned Mike, though did little else to acknowledge either of their presence once he had gone back to whatever had originally been his attention catching experiment.
.”Sherlock heatedly declared, full-on glaring.
Sherlock was already making his way inside, if the closing door had anything to indicate. Twisting his cane to his left hand, John threw a hand up to keep it from closing all the way and attempted to follow. Though by the time John had made sure the door was locked behind him, Sherlock was already up the stairs and inside their own flat with their own door wide open and waiting. Giving a small shrug John made it up the stairs, not giving much thought to how easier it seemed to climb them.
“I’ll just take that…” John lightly muttered before snatching the offered check from Sebastian’s hand while he was still attempting to get over the startle. He left him in the office as he turned to look for Sherlock, finding the detective randomly moving from desk to desk in the trade room behind him, always looking back to the office he had been in before.
But...I had put so much thought into my own versions of these characters. And every time I would suddenly see a kudo in my email I was reminded that there was still someone out there that was reading this. And I HATED the thought of leaving it behind.
It was only a part of a song, as far as Sherlock knew. With the water shortly after being shut off, he knew he only had a few seconds to make it to the living room before John opened the door to find him standing outside of it. In any other circumstance maybe he wouldn't have cared, but…
“Hm?” Sherlock all-but replied, blinking his eyes open and curiously peering over in John’s direction. Looking him up and down, he used an arm to shove himself up to a sitting position, using his tail to indicate and point at John’s form. “You didn't get the shopping.”
“But I mean it.” John tried again. “I am sorry I laughed at you. But...you must know I don’t really mean to make fun of you, right? I am ‘kinda rubbish really at this whole magic and Familiar business.”
I’m Mr. Sherlock bloody fucking Holmes. I always work alone because no one can compete with my
Sherlock had already made his way back over to his couch to make an almost equal whooshing sound as his body slumped into the cloth and he flung his head back across the back of the couch dramatically.
relationship." John’s sarcasm all but unnoticed as the man turned his head to look towards him again.
Fine then. It wasn't as if John H. Watson hadn't ever had to wank off silently. Thank you for that too, army.
“Of course we did! We are all reading it.” Lestrade gave John another grin, before leaning even further forwards with a whisper behind a cupped palm. “Does he really not know about the whole, sun and earth, thing?”
“I promise, we...I, won’t reveal your identity.” Another small desperate act to save face.
, I need one!” Sherlock had raised his tone at this point and flung both arms up over dramatically.
Silence.
” The man leaned close into John’s personal space and John was quick to lean back with a wide eyed gaze. “A friend? Or is this a
” John held in a small gasp between the shocked tone, looking between the other two men in the room as if he were just noticing the small features that would label them as such. Sherlock let out a soft despairing sigh.
“What, and you just couldn't be bothered to go get your own, hm?”
Frozen Seafoam, that was the color of Sherlock’s eyes up close.
“Don't let my brother scare you, John. I would not allow your removal if it is not what you wished.” Sherlock mentioned softly next to him.
” John softly muttered under his breath as he followed Sherlock, sitting down into his seat next to Sarah to give her the biggest smile he possibly could put on despite the situation, just as the lights began to dim.
“John, it is quid pro quo…” Sherlock tried.
Sitting the phone finally to the side on the bedside table he pushed himself back up and stood to move over to his desk, not bothering with the cane this time. Cracking his knuckles he took a minute to let the laptop load up Quest’s website and typed in the name, Sherlock Holmes, into it’s search box.
“Stick it up your metal coated
“I'm not the first you have done this to? Well that I can
A hand went to rub at his upper calf muscle without even noticing it, for John seemed more intent on studying the white blank page in front of him. His tea was also forgotten, in that moment John found himself slowly going back in time to a few days before where he had been in that room with that irritating psychotherapist’s office.
“You have reacted to the physical characteristics of my race in such a way that has made you easy to deduce. The lingering stares, slight startlement, and uneasiness are clear examples that you are not only uncomfortable with them, but uncomfortable with yourself because of the feelings that you are receiving on seeing them. This indicates that you are not racist, as I am sure you have created a mental mantra for yourself to try to prove the fact, but that you're uncomfortable for an entirely different reason.”
idea.” Sherlock finally replied back. More to himself, rather than to John's benefit.
“Sherlock! Are you alright?” John leaned over the couch as far as he dared, lest he fall over it himself. Concern etched across every feature of his face.
John didn't see Sherlock giving him one of those curious looks from before. After a few silent minutes, he narrowed his gaze at his flatmate and turned his attention back to the laptop. Minimizing screens and pulling new ones up as a new idea flickered into life across his already brilliant mind.
John was about to ask where they were headed, except Sherlock had pulled back up his cellphone and was currently tapping away, as if he were the only other person within the car. Sighing to himself again John leaned back and took the moment to close his eyes and try to clear his head. Hopefully the cab driver already knew where they were headed, because John didn't. Then again, he was just along for the ride after all, right? Right...
have tonight?” Angelo had pulled a small notebook from another larger pocket along with a pen and was looking fondly at the two of them in wait. John was about to attempt to correct the man again but...
was something else entirely.
“...Concade, I do not want to seem pushy here but, I’m sure you know I have questions.” It was about as polite as John could muster right now.
“Hm. You do not seem very afraid.” The other man simply replied without actually answering.
Thinking that he might as well get this over with, John found that he was already getting up from his chair to sit down next to Sherlock. Even though his body seemed to be moving on it’s own to the offer, it didn't help the slight knot John was feeling in his stomach. Twisting slightly to the side he looked atop Sherlock’s head.
“Idioms are terribly dull.” Sherlock closed his eyes dismissively.
Sherlock suddenly erupted into his field of vision again as he sat back down hurriedly onto his couch, holding out a single metal fork in his hand towards John, whom could only blink at the eating utensil for a few moments before looking slowly back up to Sherlock’s face with a dead expression that could have mimicked the one going on in the fridge at this exact moment.
That was exactly how John now found himself running down the corridor of the empty college, cane hobbled in one hand and pistol in the other. Both hands still gloved to keep him from shocking himself or exploding the weapon he had loaded and picked up before going after Sherlock. He had picked the weapon up from his bedsit on the way here.
“Well tell me what a proper date is, John Watson, since you're so knowledgeable in this area.” Sherlock yanked his arm back and crossed it over his chest along with his other. Going into a full blown pout expression that made him look far younger than even John thought Sherlock would like to admit.
This section covered basic ear types, tails, eyes, and “extra” fur, to identify the similar gene traits. John had never seen Sherlock’s pupils constrict in harsh light, and he was pretty sure that he only had fur on the ears and tail sections.
“Do you think so?”
John startled slightly with the mention to his hands, looking quickly down to the gloved appendages as realizing that Sherlock had actually noticed them. Bloody hell, of course he had.
, what is going on.” John wasn't asking a question, and by the visible swallow that caused the other man’s adam’s apple to bob, he had got the point.
“Sherlock.”
“I told you I kept odd-hours when it comes to sleep.”
John had a fleeting moment where he thought that he could see random sparkles behind his eyes, blinking into his vision as he attempted to calculate exactly what had happened. But with another pulse, all John could remember after that was a blackness, with a strange crackling sound in his ears that was just as quickly enveloped into the nothingness that came over him.
him. You could walk downstairs and he would know exactly who you had been shagging the night before.” Sebastian continued regardless.
The man paused with his hand on the door’s handle, twisting his head about to look at John as if he had asked the most simple minded question in the universe. Slowly, he withdrew his hand and stepped closer, a little too close even for John’s usual comfort. Which was running on empty.
Mrs Hudson interrupted him with a firm shake of her head, afterwards looking at him with almost motherly concern.
Only thing John was currently noticing was the mixture of hues that fell into place across Sherlock’s irises. He originally thought they were blue, but up close the soft mint greens twisted into the pale ice blue to circle around the black pupils. That miffed individual from before was slowly uncrossing its arms and gave an appreciated hum in thought within John’s inner psyche.
’s to end it. Sherlock slowly pulled his bow away and let it droop at his side as he continued to regard John, and the two of them ended up just watching the other as the minutes slipped by, as if the music hadn't already faded from the room.
Startled, John took the folder from Mycroft, wondering where exactly had he pulled the folder from, because he had not remembered seeing the older brother having held it before. Which only caused Mycroft to give a small huff of amusement as if John was just another source of amusement.
“He means Albino.” John softly answered her silent question before turning back to Sherlock. “Can’t you just do some experiment with a rabbit, or rat with the same mutation?”
John started to move forwards to attempt to help her, but when she brought her dark eyes framed by her long hair back up to his, ears folded back, he paused.
Well. Sherlock did have a point....
can.”
, the bullet will ricochet. Could hit
Sherlock had already moved closer to the painting that adorned the main wall of the room, framed inside was a portrait of an older gentleman that John had already figured was Sir William himself. But, on the wall to the left of the portrait was what really had Sherlock’s attention.
He had partially seen the kitchen before, but now that he had the task of somehow coming up with food for himself, and more importantly the tea, he felt rather lost. To say the room was a mess, would have been like calling a garbage bin a suitable place to store food. There were beakers and glass tubes of different sizes and sorts across the kitchen table, either filled or not. He wasn't quite sure what was in the sink along with the dishes that he figured Mrs Hudson had put there the day before.
“Only if you accompany me.”
“Quite.” Sherlock replied in the same dull tone, looking down at his clasped hand and drawing it away slowly as if he were slowly snaking his hand out of a trap. Noticing John out of the corner of his eye he used the same hand to motion towards his general direction. Good enough excuse not to have to continue touching the other man as any.
“You thought that me being a Familiar would have made me uncomfortable in your presence because you were not entirely human?
Apologies for the long delay in an update to this story, but sadly as it may, life happens to force one to prioritize things. Though it is still my promise to you my few readers, I will not let this story go without an end. I love my versions of Sherlock and John to much to do so.
Sherlock moved to dust away something from his shirt that was very obviously not there. Afterwards he turned to look back out the window, as if the conversation had suddenly turned boring once again.
“You smell so strongly of magic up close, my pets easily found out your persuasion just by tying you down to this chair. Only someone with your ability could have pulled off the reputation you have already acquired through this city’s tedious media.”
“Should have seen the route he took us to get here!”
“What's the difference?” Every bit the sarcastic moody teenager, as thought previously.
John looked between the two of them for the short conversation, but with a half-shrug he reached into his own back pocket to grasp the heavily plastic phone he knew he’d placed there this morning before leaving his bedsit. Not that he had many people to call these days.
“No shit, Sherlock.” John put his gloved hands on his hips and glared daggers.
Molly blinked, as if she suddenly realized that both John and Mike were also in the room with the two of them. Twisting her hands together in front of her in a blatantly nervous act before looking at the floor for a few seconds.
“Yet you still keep showing up!” Complained Sherlock despairingly in interruption.
“Why would you think I do not want you here because of that?” Sherlock tilted his head, and finally those ears of his darted forwards in mild surprise. “I knew you were one since Bart’s.”
” Sherlock replied, in what John could only guess was Italian. Don't stare, John, he reminded himself. Don’t stare.
Sherlock wasn't one to give up any of his prizes once he had found them.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” He mentioned as he made his way up.
“She?” Lestrade questioned.
Instead, he was interrupted by the door behind him opening, and he had to almost stumble out of the way as a smaller woman crossed into the room with eyes little else but where the man stood, still with John’s phone. He perked up instantly at the woman’s entrance.
Secretly, and without John’s knowledge, or even to Sherlock’s own, Sherlock smiled.
“Wait,” John would have lifted his left hand if his entire arm had not been strapped to his chest. “Infection? Just how long have I been here?”
Roland-Kerr College, that is where the map had led him. Going from classroom to classroom was all he was left with now as he continued to try and find the idiot that had gone missing. Calling Sherlock’s name every time he opened a door only to find the room behind it empty, John was starting to feel desperate. He had called that Lestrade fellow on the way here, via a phone call to the police, but would they make it in time?
With that said, and a small groan to follow, Sherlock flopped to his couch. Looking as if all the world were out to bore him to tears. Hell to pay if anyone tried to tell him it wasn't.
“You okay there?” John asked worriedly, did he hurt Sherlock when they fell?
At the sound of his name, John was brought out of his self pitying thoughts to turn his body around at the noise. Finding himself suddenly in the presence of Mike Stamford, an old acquaintance of his.
“If it was speaking about my brother, at least then I might have been amused for a few minutes.” Sherlock answered towards John’s retreating backside while twisting himself on the couch where he could stretch out and put his head onto the armrest, closing his eyes.
“Sorry, we haven't really had time to get anything to eat today.”
Actually, all John could think about was entirely different, given the current scenario.
“I know what it is! Do I look like I am in shock to you, Graham?”
As his tea steeped, and the bread toasted, John pondered on his day off. Luckily, after the events of the kidnapping, he was able to speak to Sarah once she had calmed down. Even if he didn't get a girlfriend out of the deal, he had been able to talk her into letting him work. He could no longer practice true surgery, but there was always a need for a doctor for simple head colds and the frequent upset stomach. All of which John could easily work while keeping his gloves on, and he was really only working two or three days at best as of right now. Just to get back into the swing of things, as Sarah had put it during their conversation.
“And what do you mean take me away?” John pointedly re-mentioned as he looked back to Mycroft.
“I wish I could tell you it was all for a joke, John.” Concade mentioned quietly as he twirled the fork into his fingers to hold it up for John to see. “But that is exactly why you were moved. Your company was unable to handle the reaction caused by your body coming in contact with conductive metal. Nor were there any other places they could bring you for medical care that could provide the service without causing both you, and other people harm. Thus, you were flown back to London as quickly as they could, though not before infection had already set in.”
This is a scene I have been wanting to write for ages.
Once he heard John having left the building, Sherlock reached into his gown where he knew one of the inner pockets lay, and drew out the chain holding the tags he had found. Something in the back of his mind told him that he should be putting them back, but as he twirled them in mid air to watch the chain wrap about his fingers, it was a thought flung back into the dark where it had came from.
“Most certainly.” Mike kept on grinning.
Back in 221B, Sherlock was currently stabbing a map of London onto their flat’s wall with the small knife he had used earlier to stab his mail down onto the mantle. Using one hand to help hold half the paper up, he used the other to slide fingertips across different streets, not realizing in the small amount of time he had begun to growl under his breath in a very not-human like way.
“Logical assumption.” Another small shrug from Mycroft.
At least he had found a comfortable position, head slightly perched forwards from the pillow. Both furry ears instinctively tilted towards his bedroom door as he heard the water start to run in the bathroom. His hearing did not have to be good enough to hear through a single wall, and soon after he folded both down against his skull to try to block out the noise. Yes, his hearing was good, too good sometimes.
A soft cough from Sherlock had John turning to look fully at the detective. With his curled fist pulled slightly against his mouth, John realized that Sherlock was actually covering up a laugh. Had he caused that?
“Yes, the bloody PIN machine, Sherlock.” John huffed again. “Well, sort of. Mostly me cursing at it.”
Ever since he returned home, he hadn't had this much to think about. With days spent in the hospital, the therapy sessions, and getting the bedsit to reside in, there wasn't really a lot more to add to current events that needed thinking about. Or, wanted to think about if the case may be.
“A cup of tea would be lovely.” John was trying his best to salvage the situation as best as possible as he called after her, “Maybe some biscuits if you have any?”
Just as John was able to hear the approaching sirens, he slowly made his way over to the man whom he had attacked earlier, the body having finally gone still. Leaning down, he used his still gloved hand to turn the body over where he could get a better look.
That, had Sherlock’s full attention and he nodded, ears bobbing on his head slightly. He hadn't bothered to ‘put them away’ in front of this other man, John noticed.
Casually while he continued to peer at every angle of the envelop, Sherlock pointed towards their mantle. Turning his head, John noticed that the Familiar was pointing towards a letter opener. Sighing, he pulled himself out of his chair to fetch the instrument for Sherlock, while doing his best to ignore the small smirk that Lestrade had given him for following the silent order.
(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly Sherlock’s hand flashed out, holding it open and waiting. The glare was back, and he was looking at John, giving a slight shake to his hand. So much for that.
Dropping his groceries, John simply thrust his fists into his pockets and moved to leave the store in a festering huff of continued high annoyance.
“...intellect.” John finished his sentence flatly, before rolling off the Familiar and moving to stand. After, he turned to offer Sherlock his hand, only to find the that he was still lying across the floor and breathing rather heavily and holding one hand behind his back.
“Oh?” The man asked over the top of his cup as he had taken a sip during her explanation, standing back to his full overly tall height and watching her with what could best be described as a ‘I thought so’ expression. “Well it was an improvement. Your mouth looks tiny now.”
“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo.
“Me?”
John glared. John was not happy.
“I have already taken the liberty to have your belongings moved to two hundred and twenty-one B Baker Street. I should hope you will find everything in proper order once you arrive.”
Sherlock ripped himself out of bed at the sound of that last phrase. What was John doing? Singing in the shower? How completely mundane, boring, and
“Where is all of my stuff?” John asked, rather gruffly.
“Go to bed, John. I think you deserve your rest for the night.”
Sherlock was strangely quiet through the cab ride home he had magically got for the two of them in a matter of minutes, and even took the time to actually pay the cabby before leaving the vehicle with John. Though he was just as quickly the first one inside and upstairs, leaving John to follow the longer legged Familiar up the stairs to their flat.
“No clue, really. Hmm….” John peered down to the floor in thought as he clicked his phone closed, and idly tapped the plastic with a leather coated finger.
Before the conversation could turn to nowhere that John actually wanted it to go, Mrs Hudson was fluttering back into the living room while holding a newspaper and giving it a rather scrutinizing look.
Not that John had been given an opportunity to know otherwise.
A pause, muffled laugh, it sounded like John might have been turning around in the shower. Maybe he was attempting to be quiet, but Sherlock could hear everything just fine. Specially, with one of ears cupped to the side of the door. When did that happen?
“You had better not be playing a joke on me, Sherlock.”
“Was I?” John mentioned, trying to remember whenever it was that Sherlock had over-heard him.
Sherlock was faintly aware that Lestrade was still talking to him after, something about how the shot itself had to have been magical in nature, as if that wasn't so obvious, but instead his attention had been caught by a familiar blonde man standing near the sidelines behind the police tape. Hands in his pockets, and his hair completely in disarray, John was currently watching the scene between the two of them. On noticing Sherlock’s attention he pulled a gloved hand out of his pocket and waggled his fingers in his direction.
John’s brain screamed) standing besides a garbage can that was now alight with flame. Twisting his head around to try to see more of the area he caught sight of Sarah, also tied down into a chair with an added gag over her mouth. She was desperately looking at John with wide tear-rimmed eyes as she pulled at the rope binding her down with little success. Other barrels along the long alleyway slowly caught fire one by one in succession in dramatic display.
“It was password protected, Sherlock. For a reason.”
“Find it, and we’ll pay you for the trouble.” Slipping a hand into a front pocket of his suit, he slipped out a piece of paper, holding it out to Sherlock between two fingers. “Five figures, in fact. This is in advance, of course.”
“What is this?”
“I’ll only be a minute.” He mentioned to both the cab driver and Sherlock, both of which seemed to ignore him, not that John was too surprised by this.
squeak of pain, and the arms wrapped around him quickly were removed.
John groaned as he yanked against the rope, feeling the still semi-taunt material scrape across the skin of his wrist, where it ended up yanking against the edge of his glove. John did not have the time to think about exactly how perfect that detail had ended up being, for when he did have that last bit of strength he was more interested in saving Sherlock from whatever fate the other man had in store for him.
John on the other hand was walking to meet the kid, with an annoyed scowl plastered across his face.
Well. He had been expecting a cat. But not
Surprisingly, Sherlock didn't respond back with another snide remark. Instead, slowly both ears unfolded from his skull to regard John with a careful look as his eyes slowly opened. John held the gaze, if it was one thing he was good at, it was not backing down. Eventually, the detective let out another small sigh in defeat.
Instead, Sarah simply slowly slid down the wall, hand still covering her mouth, till she was haphazardly sprawled in a sitting position. Only then did she begin to wail and sob against her own attempt to stay quiet.
“Hm?” Sitting up quickly, John stared up the length of coat up towards Sherlock’s questioning gaze. What was it he had been thinking about before?
“Harry Watson: clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently.” Turning the phone around again. “This model’s only six months old. Marriage in trouble then, six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do,
She barely had time to hear the gunshot or the breaking of glass before she could hear, nor think, no longer.
“Is that
“I've...seen him do it.” John equally muttered, not liking the phrasing one bit.
Sherlock paused at that, slowly his ears folded back against his skull to hide as he inspected John while he stood at the door.
“I’ll be sure to keep it down so you can get your rest too, goodnight!”
he was going to touch any of his bits and risk shocking himself there, and he wasn't about to let something as a little open door kill his mood. The entire flat was quiet, and if John stayed quiet, then it would be just fine.
“No, Sherlock. Nothing with the head.” John replied hurriedly, in a far more serious manner, with quick shake of his head. “Just, no.”
Sometimes John wasn't a smart man.
John couldn't help frowning at her. He was under no circumstances whatsoever Sherlock’s anything of the sort, let alone husband!
Leaning further closer to the screen he began to click.
John opened his mouth to reply, but found that nothing came out. Instead he gave a small cough.
“John.” Gone was the professional tone, and the other doctor had quickly replaced it with more concern. John was having none of that.
“Boys! The neighbors outside are saying they heard gunshots earlier! I was out! Is everything…..” She had paused on throwing open the door, to stare between both Sherlock and John as if a deer caught in headlights. Though, with a second look at Sherlock, even she had to throw a hand up to her mouth with a near-silent “Oh!”
, you interfering Stray.” She hatefully spat back as she slowly made her way down the tunnel, turning this way and that to try and grab even the smallest glance of him. “Is that a risk you're willing to take?”
” A sneer. “But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you, that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for cheap accommodation, but you’re not going to your brother for help. That says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife, maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
, he was about to slam open his door to give John the chance to be quiet once he realized Sherlock was actually in the flat. The slightly graveled voice under the shower spray was continuing, though. Sherlock wasn't sure why, but he grabbed his door right as it was about to slam into the wall, keeping himself quiet, listening.
“There is a land-line in here, you know.” Smugness erased, Mike had turned to look at the other gentleman with a slight exasperated glance.
John blinked, twisting his body about to look at where the Familiar had indicated, and there on the table was a wallet. Walking into the room he picked it up, giving it a once over as he twisted the leather in his fingers, before looking back at his flatmate with a curious glance.
Putting his now empty cup of tea on the table, John quickly scrolled past that section of the website with a sigh and small shake of his head. He’d just have to be a little more careful in the future.
"So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”
As fate would have it though, Sherlock appeared just fine. Giving John one of those real actual smiles before John felt the last of the rope being tugged off of both him and the chair.
“Angelo’s, if you would.” He mentioned when the cab driver drew his attention away from the road slightly to tilt an ear back in Sherlock’s direction.
“Of course I am alright, why wouldn't I be?”
“Let me deduce. You wake up, thinking you should be currently in a warzone, only to find yourself in a building you do not recognize with people that you also do not recognize, and you felt threatened, regardless of being in a hospital setting.” Sherlock voiced John’s current thoughts, though with a bit more detail than John would have liked.
It wasn't that Sherlock had never been on the other side of a slamming door before. Even with Mycroft having gone off to school when he was younger for most of his childhood, the few times he had been around, their home had been filled with enough slamming doors that their parents had attempted to soften the door frames with a fabric coating to keep the sound from echoing painfully. Sherlock had ripped his off in a manner of days in retaliation.
“We’re here to play a little game, kitten.”
“Oh! Apologies.” And menus were being placed in front of them. “Always in a hurry you are, don't let me interrupt, let me just set the mood…” With that said, Angelo was already running off to another unoccupied table and snatching up a candle that had been placed in it’s center. Bouncing back to their table he thrust the candle onto theirs and pulled a set of matches from a front pocket of his apron. A hiss and switch later, and the candle had been lit. Blowing the match out Angelo clapped his hands, looking rather pleased.
With only Mike’s laugh after the question, John opened one left eye and regarded him with a brow raised above the other. Noticing his companion giving him a knowing grin, before receiving a brushing of knuckles at Mike’s playful shove in response to his questioning scrutiny of his expression.
companion….” The gun was raised once more to be placed in the middle of Sarah’s forehead, the hand holding it slowly twisting the weapon back and forth slowly to leave a small circled indention into Sarah’s skin. Sarah was left finally sitting completely still and silent as she looked up at her would-be killer for the small moment before pleadingly looking over to John seconds later.
cat. Not this cat
“I deduce, that when you got shot, you were shot by an enemy Familiar. That would be a conclusive reason to your uneasy stature around Familiars, and would also be a proper explanation in you feeling suddenly guilty at the personal revelation, but maybe not this guilty, no.” Sherlock paused.
The man let out an animalistic shriek as white gold laced across the visible parts of his body in a murderous lightshow array that left the white of his eyes completely enveloping what pupil he might have had. The muscles of his body betraying him completely as they locked up, then shuddered in violent agony as the electricity ripped its way down into his lithe frame. John only clenched his fingers harder into the flesh of the man’s neck as he ripped the man off of Sherlock, tossing him easily a few feet away to skid into the stone wall with slack thump. From there, the only sound the man made was the slightly audible sound of random twitches, and soft hissing.
“Well, you don't know anything about me. I don't know anything about you, I don't know where we are meeting and I don't even know your name.” Prompted John finally after getting absolutely no help from Mike.
“Though I know how much you hate to wait.”
After John had finally got back to Sherlock, the idiot had not been answering his phone, he’d hurried the detective back to the spot he’d been in earlier.
. Something inside John mentioned hopefully as he turned down another dark open room.
John didn't even give the firearm that also shared the drawer with the laptop a second glance as he sat the machine on the desk in front of him and then re-closed the drawer. Lifting the laptop’s lid and hitting the on button let the machine slowly hum to life, and with a few single clicks he found himself looking at the page he knew was already titled “The personal blog of John H. Watson.” with little else but a blank slate under the bigger letters.
, John suddenly remembered.
Mrs. Hudson had let out a small ‘Oh!’ and wince as she had been twirled, but at the last statement she carefully reached around her to un-pluck Sherlock’s arm from her, so she could then cross both her arms over her chest and lift her head defiantly up in his direction.
“I am sorry! I am sorry, Sherlock!” John was giggling hard now, having to hold onto his ribs in an attempt to try and stop. “It...heh...it’s just….not what I hehehehe…..was expecting!”
Raising a hand, John used the still gloved appendage to wave between the two of them. Letting out a huff of breath.
For the time being, John was distracted from his previous thoughts of how his day
“Ah, Hello Mr. Watson. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
Hopefully
Delicately, trying not to
(See the end of the chapter for
Glancing down he did his best to hide the small frown as he moved to lift his cane up while putting his weight more-so on the rail itself as he made his way up the stairs at a far slower pace than Sherlock.
Sherlock was currently sitting on the back of the ambulance, where he had been ‘put’ by the paramedics shortly after he’d been ‘escorted’ out of the college. All of this was just absolutely ridiculous.
His hand ripped free of both the restraint, and the glove. John instantly reached out and snatched his hand onto the other man’s bare neck just as he had gotten Sherlock to the floor, and gripped, hard.
John frowned for a moment into his tea. He was slightly worried that Sherlock would take offense to him being curious. John had also very quickly found out that Sherlock was very quick to anger when it came to any sort of comment, or certain type of approach, that had to deal with his genetic line. John remembered one evening where the Familiar had got absolutely livid over a night where John had asked if he wanted some extra milk from the store.
. The thought ripped across his mind almost as fast as John had turned to make his way back to the room that he had left Soo Lin inside.
John grumbled softly while looking away towards the window.
He was even more adorable when he was angry!
If John had paused to think about this, that little comparison would have been more-so correct than even he would have acknowledged to himself.
They had went to Scotland Yard of course, but John was too lost in his own thoughts to give any other brain processes access to his current location. It didn't happen to be the yard anymore, but St. Bartholomew's Hospital where Sherlock was taking a look at the bodies in the morgue. John had had enough of bodies for this evening, so instead, he was sitting by himself in a chair he’d found out in the hallway.
“What is new about it? You wouldn't have come otherwise.”
“That is why we are here.” Sherlock stated, matter of factually. John paused to look at the other Familiar with the sudden softening of tone. Something he had not heard from Sherlock thus far causing the pause.
Wait another bloody second here, John thought.
Sherlock did his best to force himself to keep from scowling at the tone. He had already upset John once today, and did want to avoid making him any more agitated than he already was. That, and the current situation did give access to a solution to the issue that he hadn't had time to shove John’s clothes back into his closet by the time he had heard him walking up the stairs.
. The coat he had been
I don't take any credit for these at all, though I advise you to go listen to the song. It is quite nice.
“Sorry! I'm...I'm sorry. So sorry.” John quickly attempted to recover himself. He hadn't actually meant to yell at her, and he knew it was mostly due to the stress he felt from being out of the loop, but he truly didn't mean it. He let his head droop slightly while giving her what his sister often described as the puppy-dog eyes. They usually worked in moments like these. “Its just this bloody leg…”
“And how do you know that?” John glowered at the girl, and instinctively regretted it when she gave a soft breathy wail and slumped to the floor.
“Anyways, we are going to have to keep you a bit longer.” Concade was simply moving on from his question, and John was quick to pick up on this. “You are now healing nicely, but with the added...
Quickly issuing Angelo some apologies as they made their way out towards the street, John found himself taking in a deeper breath of the night air to fill out his lungs in a stretch. A few small pops of his lower back and he knew he was going to be greeted with more in the morning if his body was already trying to voice its disapproval of their adventure earlier that day.
“Might be mundane for you…” She mentioned, though she did give a small smile in return.
Smeared across the brickwork were Chinese symbols, drastically standing out amongst the darker background. Grinning to himself, John reached into his other pocket. Success.
“And why in bloody hell is a head making it’s home in our fridge instead of the body it is supposed to be attached to?!” John growled, his patience all but gone now, regardless of his earlier attempt to remain calm after the gun incident.
Now, John Watson could easily tell himself he wasn't racist by any means. He could do this honestly, and with a straight face. This was far easier than the fact that he wasn't sure he felt entirely comfortable though, and was even having a hard time convincing himself that the only negative feelings he was getting from the situation was that one lone factor. At least he could reason with himself in that the only reason he may be feeling slightly uncomfortable was the fact that he had been shot by a Familiar and maybe in that same brain process was the one his therapist kept attempting to tell him about with his leg not actually being injured. Maybe it was just nothing to worry about?
“You already know he is coming for me.”
This is my very first "serious" (I consider) Fanfic, and I'm hoping to eventually take this story a long way. Not sure where it will go, though I do have major ideas in plan for the future. There may or may not be singing.
Somehow, in their jerky movements, Sherlock had gotten John’s back to the brick wall. The taller Familiar having lowered his head so that he could stare intensely into John’s eyes when John had finally realized he wasn't actually hurting Sherlock. Blinking up at him, somewhere in the back of John’s thoughts a certain little miffed individual was crossing its arms and huffing frustratingly. First physical contact in months and it was being pressed back against the wall like some dame out on a date.
memory stick, which has now gone missing.”
“Um...Thanks?” John tried, though he did not feel he was at liberty to be thanking this man for anything.
Nothing was heard for the few short moments, until suddenly four short pips emitted before a longer lasting fifth played directly afterwards. The message then stops, before a second message suddenly blinks onto the screen, that a new picture had been uploaded into the gallery of the phone not too long ago.
“Please dear, its quite alright. I have a hip, you see.” She mentioned while placing her hand on the mentioned hip with a small wince. After, she turned and made her way back into the kitchen.
Lifting himself up from the couch, he made his way back upstairs to cover his tracks.
“Um, how…”
John wanted to say something, defend himself further, he had done nothing against the law. But he was left with the feeling of being unjustifiably accused, and kept silent.
At the top, he had to take two steps for Sherlock’s one, and they were at the receptionist's desk. The girl behind the counter looked up from the screen imbedded within the marble and gave Sherlock a curious look.
And that is why he was currently sitting across from one General Practitioner Sarah Sawyer at a local surgery he had found. The brunette was currently looking at his Curriculum Vitae, holding the paperwork via one hand while the other finger-tapped the desk in front of her in thought.
“I guess I better get at least a few hours sleep before…” That was when John finally noticed that while they’d been otherwise occupied, the light that had enveloped Sherlock earlier was looking warmer, and more golden. “...before the sun comes up.”
And it had been an adventure hadn't it? It was a thought to muse over while Sherlock stepped nearer to the street to raise his hand for a mere few seconds before a cab was already pulling over. John would have been surprised at the cabby’s quickness to respond, but after having spent a day with the taller gentleman he already knew that Sherlock’s presence demanded attention. John guessed that talent crossed over to cab drivers as well.
“Obviously.” Sherlock waved a hand in the man’s direction distractedly.
Only bits and pieces remained of whatever happened between that point and this one. He mostly remembers brief moments where he thought he could hear people yelling, and the color white. Maybe there had been actual objects in the white, because he was fairly sure there had been movement of some sort, but with most of his five senses betraying him, the color was really all that remained as a logical standpoint in an otherwise senseless time period.
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand. Your therapist thinks it’s post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks you’re haunted by memories of your military service and you should fire her. She’s got it the wrong way round. You’re under stress right now and I am sure your hand is perfectly steady under that covering of leather.”
“Anderson.” The man put his hands on his hips, looking even more stern.
“Who said anything about flatmates?”
John was ignored at first by the other man, whom had decided it was a good time to stand back up and pull a scarf where it had been hanging on the wall and wrap it about his neck. After, he reached into his coat to pull out a mobile and flipped it open to look. John had a few seconds to realize that the man’s own cell phone had actually
“Don't look it, do I Mr.
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary. Fantastic, really.”
Due to having one to many cat-loving girlfriends in the past, and the internet, John knew this breed easily. Sherlock was a British Shorthair,
Smacking his hands clean of the feel of the material, he had gone back to the closet, sweeping what was left of the clothes aside to see the bottom. A single dark green duffel bag, and a closed-lid box was all that was left. Leaving the bag for last, Sherlock nudged the top of the box’s lid off with a foot and peered down.
Deep breath, Watson. You got this. He tried his card again.
Before Sherlock graced him with an explanation, he lifted to a sitting position on the couch in a single fluid movement that also swirled his body around to face John. John barely blinked, and Sherlock was already leaning forwards with elbows on his knees. Pointing a finger at John, one of Sherlock’s ears shifted lazily to the side.
John lay on the floor, with one arm partially thrust through the little cat door, reaching around as if he was actually going to find Sherlock this way. It was all very ridiculous, really. Eventually, even John realized this and pulled his leather bound hand back so that he could use the extra leverage and push himself into a sitting position. Twisting about on the wooden floor, he was able to scoot and put his back against the door so that he could lean and catch his breath.
, he had just killed a man not even a few hours ago with his bare hand. But, it was that thought that coursed through his thoughts like a oily wave of guilt, and he placed his now re-covered leather-bound hand on Sherlock’s arm. Gently pushing him to the side that ended up with him receiving a narrowed side-eyed glance from the detective. Slowly John stepped forwards and gave the man named Mycroft his best stern, army stoic expression.
What morning light he was being given from his window was falling across his back, warming up the sore muscles under his jumper as he stretched his legs out. The stretch forced his hips to press firmly against the mattress, and for a second he was reminded of a certain morning ritual he hadn't been in the mood for most of those depressing mornings he had been having. Well, new room, new lifestyle, time to change that shouldn't we? John thought to himself with a smirk.
Regardless that he did not have anywhere he had to be the next morning, John still woke up fairly early for most people. Something else he could easily blame the army for, and with a stretch across his bed he also blamed the army for having fallen asleep without removing most of his clothes. At least he had got his shoes off before passing out.
That is going to happen sometime this century.”
“No! No that. Ugh.” Sherlock crossed his arms and gave a signature huff that was very much not a pout. John wasn't going to be fooled though.
“The answer is no.” Sherlock continued, regardless of being ignored.
“I...I didn't mean it like that, Sherlock.” He had already fucked up again. Good going, John. “Really.”
we’ll need two!” He attempted to reply in a similar emphasized manner that she had used.
Well. His girlfriends hadn’t.
Sherlock did little to fight back the urge to roll his eyes, but Raz did not seem to be too put off from it. Giving a slight tilt, he afterwards tossed an intrigued look at the younger afterwards.
“I said fine, prick.” John scolded with an eye roll before closing them.
“Oh.” Sherlock replied, though a tad more softly and with pause, as if he honestly was not expecting that sort of answer. Eventually though, he raised the fork back up.
“But, the doctor…” John mentioned softly while looking down to his hand still grabbed onto the plain metal. Thoughts went turning back towards his first memories back in the hospital.
, I think that is about enough for the day, we are very tired Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock yanked himself from the couch and was quickly attempting to show Mrs. Hudson the door with a soft, yet pressured grip to her shoulders. “Very tired. John is speaking nonsense, clearly hasn't got any rest.”
I cant say when I'll update...life is life. But...I want to see where this goes.
John didn't have to think about aiming, he was already locked onto his target long before the weapon switched hands, he was already looking down the barrel, and he already knew he wasn't going to miss.
“I am going to murder you, and no one will ever find the body! I know exactly how! You know I do!”
Closing his eyes John grit his teeth together in a personal snarl of anguish at the inability to do anything. It was going to be like last time. A man dies, and his life is changed forever, all over again.
“...What?” John lowered his mug and looked wide eyed to his closed-eyed flatmate.
Flopping, frizzy hair and all.
” He tried again, louder this time.
John didn't take his eyes back off his phone after he sent his reply, and he was far from disappointed with the speedy reply he got back, causing him to grin.
The resemblance was rather uncanny, and the two ears atop the younger man’s head lead John to the obvious conclusion. It didn't take another Sherlock to figure out the one black ear, along with its partner in fiery orange, easily named the man as Soo Lin’s brother. Across the skin that John could see, he had left laced marks of soot black with cracked red into the flesh. The eyes of the body still held the rolled-back white from before.
, is very good I hear. I am sure you will enjoy it.” And the man was gone, down the hall.
“...What?” John paused, a deer caught in sea-green headlights once again as he stared up at Sherlock with wide eyes. “I don't...not really…”
Sherlock snapped his fingers to catch John’s attention again, causing him to startle slightly. On looking back at Sherlock, John noticed the Familiar’s eyes had grown slightly bigger, ears pulled forwards and cupped in his direction with little movement. His tail was softly thumping the edge of the couch. John was being studied.
As soon as the other man had left, Sherlock’s attitude completely changed in the blink of an eye. A wild grin gripped his face and he twirled his body towards the kitchen, grabbing Mrs. Hudson for a quick moment and twirling the older lady about in sudden enthusiasm. Leaving John sitting there like a lump on a log with absolutely no idea what was going on.
Scrolling down the page he had opened, John skipped the very basic biology for the most part, though he did find where he had stopped previously on a section that spoke of basic traits for those Familiars that had more feline type traits.
John looked back to her, noticing as he turned to look at her sideway figure that cut from her dress was a slot towards her lower back. This modification letting room for her small tufted tail that was currently flickering back and forth frighteningly in switches of the same black and orange she had atop her head. Nothing like Sherlock’s elongated tail, Soo Lin’s was short and bob cut.
“I wasn't hiding anything!” John raised his tone back up, though the anger had left it completely. He was more astonished than anything else at this point. They think he had lied?! “I don't know what this,” John motioned to himself, “or
Sherlock paused, blinking. Eventually, John noticed the Familiar’s eyes darting to the sides where his hands rested against John’s skull. Slowly he lowered them and took a careful step back, seeming almost lost within the moment.
John noticed that Sherlock was giving him one of those very rare smiles suddenly, before giving another dismissible wave of his hand in John’s direction.
“Forgive me for not believing you. But even that evidence is trivial at best.”
“What is there to explain, John? It’s a head. Human, in fact. If it isn’t too hard for you to tell.” Sherlock blinked up at him. How on earth could he both act sarcastic and look innocent at the same time?!
Taking a breath and holding it, John grabbed the forked end that was being held out to him, and closed his eyes, expecting to hear a yelp of pain from his friend due to electric shock.
Blinking his eyes open, he found a grinning Sherlock in front of him, still holding onto his end without pain.  His face a-glow with his brightest “I really am the smartest creature on the planet.” pride.
And thus ends, That Familiar Feeling's version of "The Blind Banker", it only took me eight chapters even with skipping major scenes and making up my own.
Furrowing his brows together thoughtfully, John huffed a soft sigh before stepping off the doorway to follow.
“And I am here to answer those questions to the best of my ability.” He had taken a quick look around the room to look for what John thought was a chair, only to find the room had been stripped of anything else the doctor could sit in. Instead, the man looked back to John.
“Forensics?”
” John openly snarled now, the sides of his vision slowly turning white around the edges as he struggled in his seat, if only he could just get free...
Sherlock had thought that letting John explore, was going to be no big deal. A silly meaningless act that would allow him to be more comfortable in their flat around him so that Sherlock wouldn't be forced to tiptoe around him. Not that he would have actually done so, but he was going to at least attempt to avoid the entire situation. If that meant letting John actually touch his ears, so be it.
Suddenly John was falling backwards as the door behind him decided to open without prior acknowledgement, only to be caught by two dark coated arms wrapping around him. Together, John and Sherlock fell backwards, leaving John to land heavily atop of the detective with the
“It has been approximately…” The doctor paused to look down at his clipboard. “Two months since your incident.”
“Pffft.” John blew air out his nose at the notion in a huff. “Laugh? You are probably some lengthy panther-cat or something. Going to try and scare me by leaving me unaware.”
“You already told him about me?” John instantly turned to Mike before answering, to find his friend giving a shrug and shake of his head at the same time, the grin returning.
While John opened his mouth to reply----
“Concade.” The man finished for him.
“It isn’t a condition, Sherlock.” John replied in a suddenly troubled tone.
We shouldn't be giggling!” John stated just as their cab came up to the side of the street to pick them up.
John blinked his eyes open in that thought. His life changed forever? He’d only known this one Familiar for less than a day, and in the time he had been back he hadn't felt...so himself. Here was a purpose, a new one, but a purpose all the same. Clarity, might have been a good word to describe it.
“Everything is fine here, Mycroft.” John mentioned over to the older brother, which caused that same unnerving gray gaze to shift over to him in a casual manner. “No one got hurt or anything.”
Two men suddenly emerged from the darkness, heading towards Sarah to pick up her chair, quickly causing the woman to scream against the gag, though it of course was heavily muffled to prevent her from causing due alarm.
“Um...okay…” With that muttered, she quickly made her exit, without much else said.
“So, you are blogging for him now?” Lestrade moved to sit on Sherlock’s couch, to lean over his knees slightly towards John.
“You’re a Doctor. An army doctor.” He stated while piercing John what that studied gaze.
“But you couldn't bare to be anywhere else.” John did his best not to wince at Mike’s statement. “Least, not the John Watson I know.”
Dropping the bottle, he had dove his fists into his hair and did his best to cover his ears at the sound. White light bathed the room in almost a baptism fit of glory and Sherlock only had a chance to see Jeff’s body drop and begin to twitch in the violence of the sudden onslaught.
John already had his hand up to his face where he was about to yank off his glove with his teeth to give this poxy machine a shocking revelation of exactly who the bloody fucking hell was actually in charge here, when he was interrupted by a fellow behind him that had coughed into his closed fist.
“Sherlock, please explain…” Lestrade softly begged, with a far more worried tone in his voice as he slowly stood back up into a standing position, hands on his hips. “What, exactly, is going to happen again?”
“Well, thank God
Giving a shake of his head, Sherlock turned away from John to look out the window in his usual manner, giving a breathy huff that fogged the window enough to half obscure the Familiar’s reflection in the surface.
Jumper, jeans, jumper, another coat, jumper,
John caught Sherlock giving the tiniest roll of his eyes at the use of the french word in that statement, making it almost mute in point. John had to bite his lower lip to try to keep from snickering.
John was still in a very white area when he awoke without the blackness of unconsciousness just a few inches behind to take him again. He was currently located in a hospital bed of sorts, though this one seemed far rickety than he would have liked. The thing looked like it had been pieced together with plastic, and with a slight knock of his knuckles against the side bar to his left he realized that is exactly what the bed was made out of. Instead of simply being painted white, he only received a dulled sound to his knocking, indicating it to be made from hard plastic.
Oh, so that's where his stuff was.
Only then did John realize exactly what Sherlock had said, he had been far too distracted with the Familiar’s sudden attention to have put full merit in Sherlock’s earlier statement of already having moved in. He was on the receiving end of a right-ear twitch while Sherlock was now watching him carefully.
“I see, so you are a Familiar too.
Somewhere, far away from John and Sherlock’s cozy little flat, a small Chinese woman sat in front of a computer in the dark, the glow of the screen the only light source available within the small room.
.” Sherlock sneered with another vibrant roll of his eyes. Instead he scooted himself over on the couch and lightly patted the seat next to him.
“Two two one B Baker Street.” He casually mentioned before leaning back against the seat.
As John was slowly drifting off, without even having finished removing his clothes, or his last glove, he found himself thinking that even though all his stuff had been moved and carefully placed into his new home, that was still no reason for him to actually
A black box, with only a type-box under it.
Just as suddenly, John felt Sherlock shift where he could step behind him. Sherlock’s hand being moved to place itself along the small of John’s back with light pressure as he tilted his head towards the street in indication of the fancy black car parked a little aways from the main group of officer vehicles. The windows tinted so black, one was unable to tell if there were any other individuals actually in the car itself.
Soo Lin only gave Sherlock the barest moment of shock, and then distain before looking back down at the teapot cradled between her hands. Slowly the look was enveloped into a sloping regret, eyelashes framing her dark eyes to make them look even darker in the slight light from her work station.
John enjoyed music, even though he knew he was rubbish at singing. So usually it was just something he filed away for when his private time wasn't involving
John was about to open his mouth but found himself being interrupted again by the front door opening and closing to allow in a gentleman in silver tipped hair, coat looking ruffled and giving Sherlock a stern look while ignoring the others within the room with a pair of overly shiny yellow eyes. Very
“I have tried
John continued to hold out the phone, suddenly feeling more exposed with his cane to his left side mostly holding his weight, he didn't feel like indulging in the few hops he’d have to take to actually place the device in the other man’s hand. Luckily enough though, the man decided to shift off of his stool with a patting down of his large coat before stepping to John and taking the outstretched phone to quickly flip open the top and start clicking while turning away.
.” Soo Lin whispered behind him.
Glancing down the barrel he looked through the glass, Sherlock was standing still as the man seemed to be speaking to him, but then he went to unclasp whatever it was he was holding.
Once inside, he caught Sherlock in mid-movement of pulling off his coat. Though the man paused as the heavy cloth had barely crossed back over his shoulders and had turned to look at John with a thoughtful expression once he had made it inside. John only blinked at the odd gesture that Sherlock had stopped to look at him in, and quite innocently quirked his head to the side in a silent question.
Pausing, he looked around the room. It already seemed stock full of both opened and unopened boxes, with different possessions scrambled about as if their owner was merely attempting to fill the room as quickly as possible with little regard to where different objects should be placed. Sherlock was currently standing somewhere in the middle between two chairs, hovering over a small table with his hands on his hips, and suddenly those two ears that John had seen before were perched high atop his head while he gave the sight of the cluttered room a rather pleased look.
“Prat.” John chuckled.
“Anything would be better than this boredom! Don’t criminals have crimes they need to commit sometime this next century?” He cried in lament.
“Oh, Sherlock, you haven't went that long again have you?” Mrs. Hudson, prompted. “You know how upset you….”
’ to himself, Mrs Hudson had made perfect timing to slide into the room almost unnoticed, though Sherlock was quick to catch on and leaned up to his full height and pulled his attention towards her. John turned to look, noticing her.
“Are Familiar’s mind readers?” John answered back after a moment.
His eyes were definitely the best part. Overly large and round as if they could see the entire world around them, colored in the same tone of Sherlock’s more human form.
Giving a nod, John walked into the kitchen and stopped long enough to survey what he had to work with, placing his hands on his hips.
“Is that...skin? Human skin? In the fridge?”
“Now that I have your attention…” Slowly she looked up from her gun, giving John a small smile. “I would
“A friend?” A quiet chuckle. “How many friends do you believe that Sherlock has, Doctor Watson? I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
After this mornings completely irrelevant calculating of today’s
Turning, John ran back up the alley from where they had been originally. The flat itself belonged to one Soo-Lin. A Familiar that had been working for the National Antiquities Museum. Once John had returned to Baker Street after his meeting with Sarah, he had found himself once again swept up in another one of Sherlock’s mad chases around the city.
“Yes, John?” Sherlock’s voice came slightly muffled from the living room.
“How about I be the judge of that. Shall we?” Sherlock was already turning back to the window, facing away from John, and was silently standing with his bow still in position. Waiting, John realized.
anything inside the sink, he got the kettle filled with water and placed on the stove, giving a little sigh of relief as he turned it on to boil. Luckily the stove seemed to work just fine and after a few minutes John was pouring and dunking teabags into the mugs he had found, after he braved the sink again to wash them out first. With a few drawers pulled open he eventually found a spoon, rinsed off, and got the sugar that Sherlock had mentioned, spilling out the delicate clear shards into the steamy water.
, a smart one at that.”
” Sherlock muttered darkly, just bare enough for John to overhear.
Without realizing it, he was already leaning forwards and letting his fingers drift over the small muscles, up and down, tracing one of Sherlock’s ears as he went. It was amazing really how they had evolved. He suspected that Sherlock’s ear canal was actually more atop his head, rather than situated on the side where it should have been. All this no one would be able to tell without this close of a look, everything below the curls that were actually attached to the ears was coated in that soft looking black fur, more of a fuzz really the lower John went towards Sherlock’s neck. John ended up wishing he could take off his gloves to see how soft it was.
“Well, Anderson is not your assistant.”
His cane had been turned into his left hand while he fumbled for the keys, finally retrieving them and opening his bedsit to hop to his bed with a flop down onto the mattress. Letting his head rest on his pillow he sat the cane to the side and used the same arm to lift and cover his eyes for a tiny moment of peace in the darkness it would provide.
“The circus?” John gave Sherlock a quirked eyebrow over the sheet of paper.
The sound had come from behind him, that was easy enough to tell. Where he had
“Are you alright?”
….” Sherlock croaked a soft reply, giving John a glare.
Sherlock gave a louder huff of amusement of his own at the last statement.
“Afghanistan, how did…”
“That is no reason to take out your frustration on Mrs. Hudson’s wall.” John replied, as if he was scolding a moody teenager, looking towards the wall with a worried expression. “She is going to have a fit…”
Sherlock had barely even paused to breathe. Sitting the phone back on the table after he had re-clipped the case back on, he slid it slowly back to John’s side with a smirk. John heard the word ‘Checkmate’ inside his own head.
“And where, pray tell, did you conclude that you had any sort of say-so in this situation, Sherlock? I had hoped you were smarter than that.” Was replied back in a cool manner from Mycroft, who then turned his attention to where John was standing near the doorway.
"I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned. We have what you might call a ...
Some short time later, with two added coffees to their floundering conversation, John found himself sitting on the bench that Mike had been occupying earlier. With his cane placed to the side and both gloved hands wrapped about his cup he was quietly sipping with his old friend doing much of the same.
“Of course your newly found magical ability would have reacted. You might even be able to take the gloves off for good!” Sherlock suddenly raised his voice in a surprisingly cheerful manner at having once again correctly deduced the situation, and just as suddenly used his other free hand to whip it around and clasp onto John’s ungloved wrist with a snap that in all other counts could have been seen as a friendly gesture between two fellows having a grand ‘ole time.
“We just met? Going to look at a flat together?” Did he have to spell out the obvious to this man?
Mycroft paused to take a few steps closer towards John, raising his upper hand as if in a friendly gesture with palm placed upwards.
“Trying” Lyrics belong to Lifehouse.
“An enemy. If you were to ask him, he’d probably say his arch-enemy. He does so love the dramatics.”
Sherlock wasn't one to give up any of his prizes once he had found them.
“This!” Sherlock wildly gestured towards their broken window. “Five pips. They’re warning us it’s going to happen again. Some societies use seeds, some orange pips, to give a warning towards whomever they were sending them to.”
“Er...I got mine?” He held out the device towards the un-named man’s direction, causing the fellow to finally look back up from his work with a slight tilt of his head that caused most of his dark strands to follow suit in the movement.
When John made his way back into the living room and towards the door, he couldn't help but scowl over in Sherlock’s direction. The detective had laid back down, though now on his front, arms crossed over the armrest and head lifted to watch him. Those bloody ears were still pointed forwards in his direction.
John waited a moment in quiet, blinking after a moment when he turned his head towards the door and let his ear press against the metal. Somewhere inside, he thought he could hear random thumps and scuffling around. Sherlock was moving on with investigating the entire flat without him.
“Oh?” Now he had his attention. Sherlock was looking directly over to him with the blue gaze locked onto John.
Giving a swift annoyed kick at the door, John noticed it had a letter box at the bottom. Leaning down, he opened it with a still gloved hand and leaned in close so that he could both talk, and try to look through the small gap.
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb.” John smirked at him, challenging him further. He had read through the website and even though he had been impressed with the amount of detail, he found he had wanted to see this sort of deduction for himself.
“Stupid.” Came Sherlock’s expressed opinion.
“Four serial suicides, and now a note! Its Christmas, Mrs. Hudson!” He grins down to her, before looking back into the kitchen from whence she had came. “I might be late, will need food.”
Slowly the woman carefully stepped closer to him, casually lowering her hand to slide down the side of his jacket where her hand slipped into his pocket, grabbing his wallet with a sudden violent snatch and bringing it up to her face so she could open it, flipping through a few cards before daintily pulling one free.
Sherlock gave a sideways glance back at John over his shoulder as they reached the bottom, and seemed to shorten the stance of his walk so he could silently question him with mere expression.
“Saying nasty things about your family now, was it?” John muttered sarcastically as he made his way into the kitchen, this situation was already way too far-gone for him to continue without tea in his system so that he could function.
, you get this miserable date thing over with at same time. This is brilliant. Two birds, one stone, they call it?”
Mike’s grin didn't falter as he gave his own chest a small pat, afterwards throwing both his hands out partially to his sides with a further stance in his legs to indicate himself.
“Why’s that?” John tilted his head back to regard the very tall Familiar standing over him, which only caused Sherlock to take a deep breath. One of the few attempts that John had seen where Sherlock was trying not to respond too unkindly, even if he had very little patience.
“Do I?” The woman then leaned up, pointing the small gun directly into John’s face.
Instinctively Sherlock swiveled his head in a sharp twitch to send that previous glare straight into John’s face, but something Sherlock saw there made him pause. John could almost feel the detective’s eyes reading over his flustered expression as he huffed. Slowly, Sherlock uncoiled his hand from the gun’s grip, allowing John to fully grab the weapon to unload the clip. Only then was he able to take a full breath, that he let out in a rough whoosh, pocketing both.
The song that Sherlock plays and John sings in this chapter is: Rufus Wainwright's "Hallelujah"
“What do people normally say?”
, John mentally told himself.
Instead, he found Mike simply looking to the other man with the same grin as before without much change, and not giving John any visible clues as to what else might be going on here.
John darted his vision upwards to find they had been spotted by a flyer-type. Overly large black wings gave the crazed Familiar flight even in the middle of random bullets being sprayed about the area, and the non-human was giving John his best grin of triumph. Under bronzed skin that stretched along his moving shoulder blades with every beat of his wings, the enemy raised his gun and pointed it straight at John. It was about the clearest shot that any gunner could have got under the circumstances.
For those of you wondering, yes, a lot of aspects of the Familiar "idea" is from Supernatural. Though Ive warped a few things for my personal enjoyment.
If hell had not been brought loose before, it surely raised its riotous head now.
John simply stared at Sherlock, before pointing back at the fridge rather roughly in indication.
“Call me Sherlock.” Was responded while taking John’s hand and giving it a shake, afterwards he moved closer to the building and waved a hand in its direction in indication to John.
This was about the time that Mrs. Hudson had finally arrived home from her book-club meeting.
“No, you are not.” Came from behind the door.
Lestrade, grumbled softly. “
“I guess we are going to need someone from the audience!”
John couldn't help giving a glare at that gesture, the words ‘smug arsehole’ coming to mind when he reached forwards to take the offered cane, only to find that it actually was the very one he had left behind at the college. He hadn't even noticed it being gone. The recollection of this seemed to filter out towards the other man and he was given a slight smirk. John had already decided he didn't like this man.
…” John softly murmured under his breath, while reaching back into his pocket for his phone.
John was having none of that guilt trip business though, and on sitting down to what he recognized as his chair, he sat the laptop down next to him on the floor. Leaning it against the chair himself as if he did not care that he was currently getting glared at.
The tail? No. Sherlock’s tail. Nothing strange about it. He was a Familiar after all.
John wasn't about to let this added information differ him from stepping in the room and looking to the man sprawled over the couch. Sherlock had flopped down onto his back with his left arm falling off the edge of the couch while stretched out along the length of the furniture as best his long body could somehow allow. Both his ears had risen from his head and were just barely twitching, along with the same twitching his tail still seemed to be doing in mimicked action. John guessed after a long day of keeping both hidden, it was probably a relief to let them adhere to their actual normal positions. Not that he thought Sherlock would actually admit that.
“You idiots will never solve anything at this rate.” Sherlock snarled, and leaned forwards in a fell swoop to snatch the folder from John’s hands, and just as quickly hid himself behind it while quickly flipping through it’s contents.
His supposed new flatmate grinned at that, leaning down just barely to look at John from a closer perspective, and responded in a breathy tone.
one.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“But John,” Sherlock was currently leaning slightly over him, lowering his voice only barely because, thankfully, Sarah had already wandered off to their seats. But, John had grabbed Sherlock by the arm and yanked him to the back of the room to have a
” Had been flung over a sharply boned shoulder. Then the poor violin had been snatched up and a musical screech echoed after John’s retreating form.
Sherlock’s gaze drifted from John, to the floor, and back to the coat rack on the wall under John’s inquisitive but silent reply to his stalling. Eventually he gave a roll of his eyes, and yanked off the coat in a single fluid motion that sent the thing flying against the wall and just barely making it onto the hook itself. Just as quickly, Sherlock twisted about and made his way into the living room.
And John still had not got his tea. Today was going to be a long day.
The woman stayed silent for the moment it took for the words to be typed out. Dipping her head down towards her collarbone in what she hoped was a meek impression.
John was too mind-set on the image of Soo Lin’s body lying across the table from earlier. Too many people end up dying around him, and he wondered if maybe he was better off living away his days in some random solo home somewhere outside the city. Leaning forwards from his chair he left his elbows prop his face up as he gave the floor a long drawn out pondering look. Maybe that would have been for the best.
Instead, Sherlock had an entire new room to explore since John was gone.
“Oh.” Well, he was correct after all. John leaned forwards slightly. “The ears thing? That is what you were offering?”
his mind screamed.
Both of the girl’s eyes widened slightly as she recognized the name, and gave a quick simple nod. Wordlessly she made her way around the desk and motioned for the two of them to follow her. A few hallways out of the way, and they were being shown into an office with a light knock from the girl before she quickly headed back in the direction they had came.
Damn you!”
Blinking, John instinctively followed the orders and found that the first jar held teabags, and that would work just fine, he wasn't picky. Moving to the stove to pull open the particular cupboard mentioned, it took a minute before John found a slightly dented kettle which he grabbed.
Her question was met with silence, which only seemed to frustrate her more as she began muttering curses in chinese. Turning to check on Sarah, John was able to notice that she had got her hands free, the shadowed figure of Sherlock just behind the chair gave John a quick glance over, before switching over behind him to help get John free as well. John gave his flatmate a quick nod as he attempted to shift his bound hands against the bonds to help Sherlock remove them.
“Good!” The Familiar clapped his hands and suddenly thrust himself off the couch. Ears perking up atop his skull. “With that business settled, I’ve got a better idea to pass the time.”
This was exactly not what he thought, now.
“Stay...stay here. I’ll be back. I promise.” John finally jerked away from the room and away from her, never even hearing the door close as he ran into the hallway looking for his friend. Had she tried to call him back? John didn't know.
John growled under his breath in a similar manner that a certain Familiar had done just moments go himself. Looking down to the few groceries he had attempted to pick up, John eventually caught the gaze of the people behind him in line. He was currently not getting any friendly looks. Giving a slightly nervous chuckle at the people behind him, he quickly tried scanning the item again.
“How long has it been? Almost eight years since I've seen you?” Even John could see through the very obvious show the man was putting on, attempting to be friendly.
The yellow graffiti though? Now that, had at least been slightly more interesting.
On slowly pushing the door open, John was met with both a pleasant clean smell, and something that might have been fresh paint at some point. Inside held most of his belongings among the white walls, not all of his furniture, but at least the pieces that John knew he actually cared about. His bed was done in proper order against the wall, with his bedside table, lamp, and digital clock next to it. Alongside his small chester drawer was his desk on the opposite wall, next to what looked like a closet. His laptop had been placed almost delicately on top of his desk with the same chair he had been using pulled slightly out from the desk itself, as if waiting for someone to sit in it. Near the wall with his bed, he even had a small window of his own.
A flash of sudden light and heat caught John by surprise, causing his already pounding head to throb further as he winced and did his best to force vision through the white that wanted to fill his head. After a moment he noticed a small Chinese woman (
“Obviously I can straighten things up, a bit…” Sherlock mentioned before twisting away from John to lean down over the table to pick up some stray folders, dusting underneath them as if that was the best possible solution. Only then did John actually notice that Sherlock had re-folded his ears back against his head, the two extra appendages mimicking his hair hue nearly perfectly as they shifted into the curls. So that's where they had been.
Hopefully he didn't bring back another head this time. There just wasn't that much fridge space.
Instead, fate drew a completely different hand than the one John had pictured for himself in that moment in time. A lucky shot caught the Familiar in the wing, and the non-human let out a screech of both pain and frustration as his shot that he had decided to take in the same instance he himself was shot wasn't as perfect as he pictured it to be.
“Oh, nothing indiscreet I assure you.” A hand came up to lightly wave off the question as if it was of little importance. “Just tell me what he’s up to.” A sudden pause, and the man was turning his head towards the window as if he could see down to the street below from this angle, which was rather impossible, attempting to show what John could easily recognize as mock concern. “I worry about him. Constantly.”
John didn't answer at the first, simply looking at his therapist as he felt his gloved fingers clenching onto the top of his cane, a few mere inches from the alloy tipped cap that was an adding factor to a lot of his problems. He then looked down to his clenched fingers, watching the material of the gloves scrunch about his knuckles in a silent show of frustration, and gave the slightest shake of his head.
Blinking, Sherlock jerked his head away from John’s gaze and found Lestrade standing with hands on his hips and giving him a rather pointedly narrowed gaze. Quickly he looked to the side and away from the questioning look before suddenly jumping to his feet and throwing off the abysmal blanket in Lestrade’s direction for him to catch and nearly stumble backwards from the abrupt change in position.
What John wasn't prepared for was the fact that Sherlock had no human ears at all. Sure, he figured that it would be out of place to have two different sets, but it was still very unnerving for his fingers to trace over a set of small muscles felt under his hair along the sides of his skull. Letting his fingers draw back to them, he traced them up slowly where they laced under the skin of Sherlock’s skull, and up to the two furry appendages that were curiously lifted, and very still. From what John could tell, Sherlock’s cat ears actually started where his human ears would have normally been, and simply elongated up over his skull and to the set above.
Too bad he was completely
It really should have been John’s first hint. Instead, John totally missed it, to Sherlock’s inner delight.
“Yeah. I did promise. I’ll make it up to you.” John tried again.
“Sorry! Sorry.” John quickly apologies while he rubbed at the back of his head, smarting.
” at the sound of the giggling, with a follow up hiss. John was left with a fuzzy ball of anger when Sherlock’s fur stood up on end.
John didn't reply, simply watching Sherlock and waiting to see if the Detective could see through his ruse. Blast it, surely Sherlock could see a lie from a mile away. Eventually the blue gaze lowered to right pocket, curiously tilting his head as if he could study the hidden appendage that John still had out of sight.
She paused, on the screen she watched a mirror image of herself, the glow and dark making her look almost as old as she felt. But her attention was more-so on the section next to her mime’s video.
. He mentally responded back, harsh and confident.
John sighed, and quietly tapped his fingers atop his knee in an attempt to fill the time with at least some other noise within the room. John really did not like the quiet. Didn’t shifting make some sort of noise or something? This entire situation was very quickly turning rather awkward.
John had no idea that his blogging of their adventure was going to be received with so many interested people asking him questions, or simply commenting on their mini-adventure. At first it had been a small following, but now hits on his blog was constantly rising every day. He originally was going to disregard the entire blogging idea along with him dismissing his therapist. Then he had found himself one late night after Sherlock had slumped into a mind palace stupor, writing till nearly daylight.
“It is good that your glove was hiding the powder burns while we were still on the scene. Though, I wonder if there even was powder burns with a shot like that one, possibly. Regardless, I would rather avoid a future court case.”
“Um…” Concade took another pause to swallow nervously. “Anyways, what I can do is explain exactly why you needed to be moved. Though I think it would be better for me to show you, first.”
“I have been assured many times by my brother, John, that he can take care of his own, --”
John was currently left sitting, looking back and forth between the two men as their conversation continued, Mrs. Hudson was still quietly in the background blinking as she watched.
But, Sherlock had not seemed to care. Flipping it open he took a minute to make his way into the messages that had been sent to see what the tall gentleman had been doing.
It was another empty classroom, and John had no idea where else he could go, and it was only again by luck did he glance over at a window to the far building along the other side, the building he hadn't chosen to go into first.
(See the end of the chapter for
John hadn't been trying to keep time, but he was sure it took long enough for a real doctor to finally have found its way to his room. By then, he had been pondering just removing himself from the bed and the equipment himself, and was going through his personal pep speech inside his head to deal with the pain that it was going to cause him to do so. Instead, he was mentally interrupted by his room’s door opening and closing to let in a white gowned doctor holding a clipboard and stepping to the side of his bed.
“The carpet matches the drapes!” John cackled. It appeared that Sherlock’s tail had also flared into an equally massive electric shock-state. With every bit of his fur standing completely on end.
“Pout?
Mycroft.
With a sigh, and most importantly, without tea, John made his way over to his chair and flopped into it in very much the same manner as his currently frustrating friend normally did with his own couch.
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
Silence.
Smarting, John yanked his hand back away from the utensil in both pain and shock. Concade didn't seem surprised though, as the glove itself saved him from getting shocked as well, and was simply watching John for a further reaction.
With that said, Mycroft did not even give a moment’s notice to rest of them, as he turned and made his way back out the door, as quietly as he came. Lestrade, on the other hand, quickly stepped over to the door to peek out, only for his eyes to get wide and his head to jerk back and forth across the outside foyer. Giving a smaller shiver.
John knew the man was attempting at a small joke, but he was oblivious to the humor itself. Instead of replying, he laid himself back further into the bed and looked to stare up at the ceiling silently. This was a lot for him to take in, especially when his clearest memory was thousands of miles away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John.”
“You!” John called out behind him.
So when John had woken up and made his way down to take his shower, which Sherlock thought had taken a little too long, he was laid up in his bed with hands perched under his chin even in his laying down position. Indeed he had heard John attempt to get his attention, he just didn't really feel like answering. Why should he bother? He had much more important things to ponder about.
Sherlock slung his arm out towards the direction of the wall blindly, pointing.
“My brother deleted anything involving the solar system many years ago, I am afraid.” Came a dark smooth tone from the other doorway.
His tired mind was still trying to comprehend why he had been placed in this odd location when he attempted to sit up, and that was a bloody insane idea. Every muscle burned as if he had been shot all over, and not just his currently wrapped up left shoulder. Hissing he lifted his right arm and used his palm to cover his eyes, gritting his teeth together. It was right at that moment the doorway to his room opened, and what was obviously a nurse was peeking her head around the door-frame to look at him.
Sherlock mentioned casually from somewhere in the dark.
A second gunshot rang out behind the closed door, and John was already twisting the knob of the handle to yank it back open without having even thought about it. Sherlock was out there, and he was alone.
