And he sees Cas in him, of course, even more than Sam. Cas is there in the tilt of his head, in his smile, his voice. In the line of his shoulders. Cas is there in the way Jack eats food and reads books in the library and freezes in the middle of a movie when he thinks of something. When he thinks of his dad. When Jack sees something on the screen that makes him say, “I think Cas would like this.” Every time it happens Dean can’t bring himself to correct him, to say,
Through all those years after the not-pocalypse, through the Mark, Dean grit his teeth and bore it. Purgatory was the only place where it was okay, maybe ‘cause it — Dean — wasn’t a body. Maybe ‘cause Dean was just a soul, maybe ‘cause looking in rivers was more about assessing the damage and less about seeing himself.
Dean shifts into park. Sits there, hands on the wheels, looking out in front of himself blankly. He breathes in, and then out, and then he gets out of the car.
Fuck.
“I’ve been looking into it,” Dean says. “Would be nice to ask Cas about it, but, shit. He ain’t exactly around much.”
“Yeah,” Sam says, looking between them both. Fuck. Dean walks out the door, feeling heat creep up the back of his neck, and waits for Sam and Cas from the driver’s seat of the car. Sam slides into the passenger seat and tells him where to turn, while Cas stews in the back seat. Dean for the life of him can’t stop looking in the rearview, but he always looks away before Cas can look back.
this whole story spiralled way out of control hahahah aaaaaa [screams]. this chapter’s kind of an interlude and hopefully i can get us back on track to a concise main story next chapter :) note the added chapter! this baby is now definitely going to be at least six chapters long.
Dean considers. “They ready to pick?”
Cas keeps reading. He keeps reading about
“Weirdo,” Dean says, and then he sighs. His mouth twists, and he admits, “Cas was— Cas was weird about food too. Had to eat crap in a certain order, didn’t like his foods to mix. Some days he just couldn’t taste anything. He was the hardest asshole in the world to cook for, I swear to God.”
he? “You know how long I been—” and Dean’s throat clicks, and his gaze stutters down from Cas’s eyes to his chin, his collarbones, ‘cause he can’t look at him while he speaks. “How long I been building myself up. You know how long I been Dean fuckin’ Winchester?”
Cas tilts his head. He looks like he did in that barn, sparks flying and a holy feeling in Dean’s chest that he’s never felt before or since. It was terror, in the Biblical sense, the fear of God that makes all the convent girls cream themselves and the priests shake in ecstasy. He’s worried that Cas won’t get it— that he’ll have to spell it out, in human words.
— bites his bottom lip just to fill the void of sensation. “Just—”
Castiel takes Claire out to go bowling. They’re in their twenties now, easier to please than they were at seventeen. Apparently, bowling alleys with arcades in the back are “cool” now. And they bring their girlfriend, Kaia. Castiel likes Kaia very much.
“Do you want—” Cas looks up. He tilts his head and turns his hand gently inside Dean, and Dean shivers right on schedule.
Dean can’t say that to him. “I do love you,” he tries.
His chest aches, looking at him. Cas looks so at home. Dean did that to him. Pulled him down out of heaven, and some days he hates himself for it and other days he thinks, this is the only thing I’ve ever done worth a damn.
Cas pries his wrist out of Dean’s grip, and Dean lets him, shocky with preemptive grief. He huffs out a laugh. “All right. Fine. Yes.”
. “No,” Dean had said on instinct. And then he’d walked it back, said, “I mean, you can. You can go anywhere you want. But, uh, the bunker is.” Dean remembers that the road had been so dark, and he recalls the unadulterated panic in his chest at the thought of Cas leaving, so soon after they’d got him back. “S’your home, if you want it. It’s.”
After Hell, though. Alastair called him a girl like it was an insult, pried Dean open to uncover what he really was. Something just a little wrong, just a little off. His hands shake when he looks in the mirror, the picture there more disturbing, even, than it was before, and he’s never liked seeing his reflection.
“I want to slap your face,” Cas says, all in a rush, looking into Dean’s eyes— no, looking just to the side of them, to the ridge of Dean’s cheek.
“I’m pretty fuckin’ busy, actually,” Dean snaps, because he’s on a hair trigger these days, like an asshole. Like his dad. He hears himself and he can’t fucking shut up, he just keeps going, saying, “Y’know, just tryin’ to find a way to bring Cas back, no biggie. But yeah, sure, your dwende or whatever the fuck definitely takes top priority. What the hell do I know.”
Mia says gently, “Maybe… we could try reframing that as a
“Got more faith in me than I do,” Dean says. He shakes his head, and asks, “What were you gonna ask me? Before?”
Dean remembers— Dean remembers the way Sam had been, after Gadreel. After it was all over. Dean had walked into the library once, a few weeks after Kevin, and there Sam was, curled into a chair with a half empty bottle of vodka in front of him, hands over his stomach, staring out at nothing. Dean would bet money that Sam doesn’t remember it at all, but Dean— Dean can still see it, sometimes. He’d put his hand on Sam’s shoulder and Sam had slurred, eyes blank,
“Yeah—” and when Dean opens his mouth to say it, Cas’s thumb slips in, just a little, his thumbpad sliding against Dean’s teeth, velvet feeling against his lip.
Dean’s hand falls nervelessly to his side. Jesus
“Shut up,” she says, smiling. “And move my couch, would ya? Gotta be able to see the TV you just spent all that time setting up.”
“Is that so,” Dean says. And like a train wreck rolling down a hill, he hears himself saying, “That’s real nice, that you can look past how hideous my body is, real generous of you—”
Amy’s been careful to never confirm the gender of her partner and Dean’s never asked. Nat seems like a feminine kinda name, but nearly every stranger Dean’s ever drunkenly mumbled to about “Cas” thought it was short for Cassandra, so he’s not making any assumptions.
Dean turns around and there are two cop cars patrolling in the far distance, maybe about a quarter mile from the Impala. Shit. “Okay, yeah, let’s hustle,” he says, and Cas never makes contact.
Dean slides into the backseat before Mom has a chance to reply. Good. Sam turns back to the bank they’re supposed to be surveilling.
Dean knocks on Cas’s door. Two in the afternoon, although you wouldn’t know it to look around, seein’ as the bunker’s bright and buzzing 24/7.
, just for a second. Cas glares at him and Sam relents, pulls back, wincing, hating himself for pulling the same shit his dad always did. “Look. Is that why you— why you didn’t say anything when, when you— when you came back? Did you think you were a— a hindrance? ‘Cause, Cas, man—”
“Did she give you the ‘you’re allowed to have what you want’ talk?” Cas asks. Dean turns around, and there Cas is, smiling bright in the sun. Like he’s the only person in the whole fucking backyard.
Objectively, it’s a nice fucking letter. It shouldn’t be so devastating. But he reads it and he thinks, that double shift was when I was at the auto shop in the morning and makin’ eyes at old bastards in the bar at Peterson and Main to get a good tip at night, and some nights it was more than makin’ eyes. And you were getting lychee pops.
“Hey,” Dean grunts, tossing the folded-up piece of paper at Sam. “Fill this out.”
They told her about the time travel. The origins of the Impala. Sometimes she thinks it’s all just one great circle, that all of time begins and ends with the touchdown of angels on earth for the first end of the world. Sometimes she feels like she was made for the twenty-first century, no matter that she was born in the fifties — she was made for her boys’ apocalypse.
When he looks to his right, Cas is there, just a few feet from the passenger seat window, back turned to the Impala. Gazing up at the sky. If Dean looks too long, too close, he notices Cas’s shoulders shaking, sees the tremble in his jawline; he doesn’t want to see that. So he looks back out in front of him, where he should’ve kept his eyes in the first place. He shouldn’t have been so greedy.
Dean swallows. This whole day, he didn’t want to tell Sam. He kind of — hell, he doesn’t know what he expected. Maybe that Sam just… wouldn’t notice. That was stupid.
in the mornings and
Finally, they make it to Dean’s room, tumbling through the door like it’s the end of the world. Dean can’t fucking— he can’t get enough of it, Cas’s hands hot on his belly, his side, sliding around until they hit Dean’s lower back and pull him in like a romance heroine.
Sam thumbs over his shin soothingly, maybe to take the sting outta his words. “Imagine you’re in love with someone, and you— you get ‘em, in— in— in bed or whatever, and you find out months later that the whole thing was… was made up, just to make you happy. How would you feel, Dean?”
Cas snorts. “I’m obviously in love with you,” he says, and he doesn’t even look at Dean when he says it. He says it like it’s a death sentence.
“It sounds to me like you’re incredibly grateful that Cas is back in your life,” Mia says. “But you deserve to have your needs and desires met, too.”
Dean looks at him. Cas’s bare chest. Re-formed, made again from ashes. He was dead, and now he isn’t. “I was lookin’ for you, when I found you,” Dean says suddenly, mouth numb, and the smile drops off of Cas’s face. “I thought to myself—” and Dean can’t look at his face, just keeps looking at his chest, his belly, his hands. His bare hands. Splayed out on the ground. “I was runnin’ myself into nothing ‘cause you were dead. How could you be dead? How could you—”
Dean had just looked at him. Sitting right there in the dying sunlight. He’d just looked at him, Christ, feeling so goddamn lonely because Dean’s never been good at keeping people around and Cas was the worst of the whole goddamn bunch. But Cas had been smiling.
,” he gasps, or tries to gasp, not even sure if his voice is coming out of his mouth while his dick jerks against his belly.
Cas walks in, opens the fridge door. Leans over and peers into it like it’ll have something different in it from the last three times he looked. Dean’s heart thumps. Cas is human now, and he’s— he’s in a sweater and shorts, those jersey shorts that come up just above the knee, and he’s squinting at the fridge like he’s looking for God.
Dean microwaves half a box of crappy frozen hot pockets when they stumble in. They got back about three AM, and Dean’s frankly not looking forward to a second sunrise after— after. Seems like it should stay night at least a little longer, just to give them more time.
“You don’t love me.”
“It wasn’t your burden,” Cas says. “The angels are my responsibility.”
“Look.” Sam swallows. He says, “I mean. I— you always.” Dean watches him clench his jaw, watches him think long and hard about what he wants to say. “With Dad. When— when— when we were growing up, and you’d gimme. Gimme the last— the last bowl of cereal, or.” Sam exhales through his nose. “I’m trying— I’m trying to, to say that it— it— it makes sense, that you might not really— that you wouldn’t be used to thinking about what you want.”
Dean thinks.
Perfectly goddamn normal.
Dean shutters his eyes down to Cas’s chest, away from his face. “Y’know what today is,” he says — asks — not sure, even, whether Cas would’ve figured it out, whether Cas has ever actually been around on the day of. Maybe he hasn’t.
. Cas doesn’t deserve that. Doesn’t need Dean rubbing it in, that Cas is— that Cas feels— and that Dean isn’t—
He says, “I fucked up,” and finds that he can’t really say anything else. That’s all there is to it, isn’t it. Dean fucked it up, quick and dirty like he always does, and the only difference this time is that he still has to live with Cas in the aftermath. Oh fuck, what if Cas— what if Cas
“Shut up,” Dean mutters, but he can’t help smiling. Yeah. He has a— he has a crush. A goddamn crush. A goddamn crush on his gay— his gay
Dean needs to get over there, but he can’t move his feet.
Oh, Christ. Dean’s nothing. He’s empty. How’s he supposed to raise a kid like this? He’s the loneliest man in the world.
, he should say, but he can’t. He can’t say it, because saying it means that he has to look at what happened before he came back— at the thing Cas had to come back from. He has to look at it head on. And he can’t do that.
“Cas,” he breathes, when Cas lets him go. “Take off your fucking coat.”
Well, shit. That’s fair enough, Sam supposes. It’s not his relationship.
And then Claire — who’s generous, too, more generous than she ought to be — says, “But you made it. And I’m saying, you’re old now, and you figured out what you wanted, and you get to have it for as long as you want it. So. Good for you.”
Sam winces. Dean knows he doesn’t want to be outside of the bunker’s warded concrete this soon after anything involving Lucifer. But Dean is sick with longing, and Cas is gone, and Mom wants to go on a hunt, and Dean feels selfish, unbelievably selfish. So he says, “Yeah, sure.”
“My darling? My sweetheart? My moonlight?”
“I was given a copy of this book at a— a meeting, when I was human.”
, that one time after Dodge City when Sam had said,
“God, you’re an asshole,” Dean laughs.
Cas doesn’t touch him, and he doesn’t touch Cas. He doesn’t even look at him. But Dean’s warm, and almost happy, and well-fed, and grateful. On a scale of days bad to good, this one scores high.
“No, okay, back up. You… you what, pretended to be in love with him? Why the hell would you do that, Dean?”
Dean leans over him, looks down at Cas. He’s so gorgeous. Dean could look at him for days, could study his jawline, his cheekbones, forever. Dean imagines a stud sparkling in Cas’s earlobe, or maybe something dangling, something generous and beautiful. “You’d be hot with earrings,” Dean says, ‘cause it’s true.
“Just for a drive,” Cas says. Dean blinks at his phone — five in the goddamn morning. One of these days Cas’ll get the hang of having a circadian rhythm an’ then it’ll be like pulling teeth trying to get him up for breakfast, Dean’s certain of it.
Cas nods against him, and Dean presses a kiss to his hair, and smiles into it. And he says it again: “I believe you.”
and grin as Jack chases him out of his room.
Castiel looks at the patch of ground. Mary is strong and confident; she could have been a dancer in another life, he thinks. She would not have stumbled over nothing. The ground is bare, but he can see a depression where a rock might have once been. Where, perhaps, a rock tripped Mary Winchester, and then was moved.
“Yeah, go for it.” Dean sits up just enough to pull his own shirt off, and then sprawls back as Cas pulls his jeans down, kneeling at the side of the bed to pull them off his ankles. “Cas—”
Cas moseys on over and takes a patty only three-quarters to being done off the grill.
“Good night, Dean,” Cas says, leaving the kitchen, and he sounds so— he sounds so goddamn tragic, like he just had his heart broken. Took about two minutes with Dean in the bunker to ruin his life, huh. Ain’t that the way.
“‘Kay,” Dean whispers, looking at him.
. He’d blown that chance, too.
“No,” and Dean pushes him forward, walks forward right into him, that marble statue of a body. Cas comes alive, comes human for him and Dean knows well enough to be grateful. “No, you don’t know. The way I feel ‘bout you—” and Dean’s throat catches because he knows. He knows he can’t say it. His eyes stutter around Cas’s gaze, and then down to his nose, his chin, down to those hands of his that could make Dean say anything if he only tried hard enough. Dean swallows. “You know.”
“This is.” Sam blinks, and huffs out a laugh. “Dean. This says ‘Parenting Audit’ on it. What the fuck?”
. His mouth is suddenly dry. Cas’s face turns worried and his fingers still. “I only meant—”
“Yes. My whole hand is inside of you.” Cas turns his wrist experimentally and Dean’s hips jolt up. God. “Do you like it?”
“Wanna go for a drive?” he asks, rough with nerves. If Cas says no then this might be it. He might’ve blown past his last chances ten miles back, not even realizing he’s outta gas ‘til he’s halfway through puttering out.
Cas watches him slide out of bed and nods. “That would be nice.”
“Well, I.” She’s not as friendly as the other one, probably ‘cause she watched some kid get wasted by a pile of dust two nights ago. “I mean, I must’ve imagined it. But it really looked like he was… well, just swallowed right up by the storm.”
But, incredibly, Cas is… Cas is smiling. “You want me?”
Today, Cas is driving them the first leg up to the Norfolk Walmart on the way to Sioux Falls. Dean watches his hands on Baby’s wheel, his jawline in the morning sunlight. He could look at him for days and never get his fill. That’s all he needs: just the people he loves, happy on the balance of things. Not much else to ask for.
Four days. What did he do, over those four days? Hunted a shifter. Cleaned his baby and cleaned her again, and looked at the knives in the storeroom. Thought some more about how he’s an irredeemable piece of shit. The usual.
“You are so annoying,” Cas says goodnaturedly, and he kisses Dean’s elbow, as best he can reach from Dean sprawled on top of him, and Dean swoons right over, buries his face in Cas’s neck and holds him close. Some days nothing can overcome the sheer joy of knowing that Cas is here. That Cas is alive. And that Dean— Dean can have him.
Dean stands up, wipes his hands on his jeans. “Hit me,” he says.
“Your coat, too.” So Sam watches Cas fold up his coat, and take his shoes off. And then he has to look away, because he was there, when Dean folded up Cas’s coat at that reservoir. When Dean finally had to get it dry cleaned because the mold was stinking up the whole car. He couldn’t even pay the dry cleaner; Sam had handed over his credit card while Dean crouched, like a thundercloud, spitting with holy wrath and unhinged grief on the sidewalk outside.
“He’s alive,” Sam calls, and Dean exhales. Good Christ. His legs work again and he stumbles over, feet scudding in the dirt as he makes his way to Cas’s side. He’s— he is breathing, his chest is moving, thank anything, oh God he hadn’t— Dean had almost—
with Cas — how could he have dared to think that Cas could be in love with
When that happens — when Sam’s gone and Dad’s Smith & Wesson 5906 is in Dean’s waistband — then Dean will go out to a bar. Dean will make a show of licking the rim of his fifth of whiskey. He’ll be allowed to end up in the crime section of a nowhere-town’s paper three months later, because what came before it was worth the risk, and because nobody will be left to need him.
because no one will believe her otherwise, and— and— ”I’m not a boy,” she whispers, and then she’s barreling forward into Bobby’s chest, hitching breaths as she cries. “This is so embarrassing,” she grits out, but she can’t fucking stop.
And in all those years since, he still hasn’t grown out of it. He’s a fucking menace. “What’d you think of it?”
“Yeah,” Sam echoes, looking about as cut out and raw as Dean feels. “Yeah.”
“No,” Dean says. That has nothing to do with hiding out from Cas in this room — or maybe it does, but he has under an hour, and he needs solutions, fast, ‘cause this can’t go on. “No, I. I wanted to talk about the friend.”
And then, once he hears their garage door close behind Sam, he makes his way to Cas’s room.
Cas snorts. “Yes, you’re aptly demonstrating how little you give a shit,” he mutters.
This time around, Dean leans against the bunker’s back door, the one hidden under a mess of brush so dense they didn’t make it until years after they’d moved in. Seven, eight feet in front of him, Cas is settled with his hands on his stomach and that head of his tilted up, the line of his Greek nose elegant and strong.
“That sounds like a great idea, Dean. I’m glad,” Mia says. “How are you feeling? Is there anything you want to talk about before we wrap up?”
“Yeah, man? You don’t miss it?” Dean can’t stop himself from asking. He shouldn’t ask. It isn’t for him to know, and besides, they’re here for— Hephael, or whoever.
What a barter system. “Okay,” he says, thinking of the value of labor, thinking of all the girls he met when he was a teenager trying to fix him, all the women smoking outside his motel room doors who’d give him advice on how to stay clean, who wouldn’t let him have a smoke ‘cause he was only seventeen even when he was jonesin’ for something harder after the shit he’d seen. “Okay, yeah.”
Dean sinks back against the doorway, stunned. So, it’s over. No chance. He’s never gonna touch Cas again, probably. That’s… it.
He takes Sam’s little lecture to heart. He figures Cas doesn’t want to see much of him at all, but he still walks past his door every night to make sure he’s still there, gets his four hours at three in the morning where he dreams that Cas finally up and gits, leaving Dean with only the memory of him hunched over and furious in the passenger seat on the way back from that cottonwood. It was so fucking sick of him to think it, but Dean thought he’d just gotten more beautiful, that he was the most beautiful Dean had ever seen him that day, all that condensed rage inside him. That, and the certainty that he would never hurt Dean, not in ways they couldn’t recover from.
“Yeah?” Cas kisses him again like that, like he wants— like he wants to fuck Dean, fuck Dean’s mouth, like he wants Dean inside of him, oh God— Cas’s body smothers him and Dean can hear himself making humiliating little breathy noises into Cas’s mouth, little
Cas gets back about three in the morning on a Tuesday. Gone for four days, and then back, like it was nothing. In the middle of the night.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean whispers, ‘cause he’s never been treated this way in his life. He’s trembling. Cas turns to him, makes eye contact, and Dean inhales sharp and quick, suddenly harder than he’s ever been in his life. His
anyway, the real problem is that Dean’s too broken to keep up a real relationship. “I mean, yeah, I want him to stay. And why the hell would he stay if he didn’t—”
This can be meaningful for Christians, Castiel remembers. “Are you a believer in God, Kaia?”
“Yeah,” Sam says, gently enough.
“I finished my book.”
him, he wants him, he—
“He’s Lucifer’s son,” Sam interrupts, and Castiel turns to him. “I’m sorry, Cas, but it’s—”
Mary looks at him settling down. Like a puzzle, she tries to work out what might have come first. What events might have transpired in Dean’s past, to lead him from tea in Mary’s kitchen to a panic attack in her living room.
— and watches Cas close the fridge door. And then Dean crowds him in against it, and is grateful once again that he managed to regift their neighbor’s strangely… agile… lobster fridge magnet to Eileen, since their undecorated fridge means that Dean can get as close as he wants to Cas with impunity.
“Get outta here, Brian,” Dean mutters, and thank Christ, he does it. Brian holds a hand out for the whiskey, and he strokes his fingers against Dean’s when he takes the bottle, and Dean— Dean flushes, red and bright and obvious under the parking lot fluorescents, and Brian pushes past John Winchester looking like he doesn’t have a care in the goddamn world.
“I—” Sam rolls his eyes, even though Dean can’t see it. “Okay, I get it, there’s nothing that urgent on our plate. But yeah, actually, we should probably follow up with that case.”
“Shut up. Shut up for one second, asshole,” Dean says, holding him, leaning in until his forehead meets Cas’s chest. Cas’s arm comes up around his shoulder, and Dean would like to think that he’s beyond dumbass romance novel dialogue, but he says: “Don’t let me get in my own way again.” And then, trembling, he adds, “Please,” no shame left in him — he’ll beg on his knees if he has to.
“Then what, exactly, was pretend?”
. “Cas, babe—”
It’s unbelievable. Unbelievable, and yet there it is, a beaten-down and angry man like Dean with this beautiful thing, this desperate flickering thing that wavers at the softest touch: hope.
Cas sits on the edge of the bed. He looks so… disheveled. Covered in dirt, tie backwards like always, hair everywhere. Still damp from the river, even after drying out in the Oklahoma heat. Dean’s never thought about it in so many words, but lookin’ at him there— shit. Yeah. He wants him. He wants to push his coat off his shoulders and strip his shirt off and— and— and take a shower with him, clean him, rub shampoo into his hair and towel him dry and suck hickies into the skin above his hip. He wants to feel Cas’s fingers in his hair, tight ‘cause he’s desperate, ‘cause he can’t control himself. ‘Cause he wants Dean like fire wants matchsticks, just the same way Dean wants him.
I know you’re worried about Jack. We’ve all fucked up with Jack. I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say that there isn’t a parenting manual out there for two brothers raising a three year old in a twenty year old’s body. Just a thought. Okay, maybe every parent thinks their situation is unique but I mean, we’re really unique. And I miss Cas too, and I know it’s something different for you. I can’t imagine what you’re going through, looking at Jack with Cas gone, but I’m here. You’re not alone. Anyway, you add all that to the Chuck mess and yeah, you’re bound to have some fuck-ups, and that’s okay.
Cas steps in, close, strips the flannel off of Dean. In his T-shirt, Dean says to Cas’s mouth, “I’m always lookin’ for you. Are you gonna let me stop lookin’?”
Mary trips over something behind Castiel. He turns around at the sound of it, and she smiles, embarrassed. “I’m fine, Castiel,” she says, but she seems shaken. Still, she brushes it off. “Still walking.” She demonstrates by walking past him, and clapping him on the shoulder, to join her sons.
“Oh yeah? You really wanna hear about—” and Sam freezes, and Dean freezes, because they both know how that sentence ends.
Cas stays very, very quiet. He puts his thumb against Dean’s chin, tilts his head up to meet his eyes. And Cas says, “I promise that I will never choose to leave you.”
“Nah.” Dean chugs the last of his water and slides his mug over to Mary, and Mary dumps a teabag in and pours hot water over it. “You got milk?”
“I know that, I’m just— I’m just sayin’. I mean.” Dean looks down at his knees. “I
She never actually tells Dad about it. Six years later, when they’re reunited for those few months between Jess’s death and John’s, Dad just… doesn’t notice. Sam wears baggy clothes to hide her chest even though she still flaunts the earrings like a late-stage teenage rebellion. Everyone calls her Sam anyway, and Dean is careful not to refer to her with pronouns at all around Dad, and somehow they pull it off. It’s not out of any sense of hiding herself — it’s just that John doesn’t care to look, and Sam doesn’t care to have the conversation now that they’re on the same side. Now that they finally have the same enemy, for the first time in Sam’s life.
“Hey,” Dean mumbles when he hears Sam walk in, ‘cause he knows Sam’s presence like he knows his own name. Better, even. He looks up blearily. “What’re you doin’ up?”
“And now me,” Sam says, overwhelmed with his trust.
“I don’t need anything from you, Dean,” Cas says to his dishes. Civil, even. Like it doesn’t matter one way or another.
“I didn’t, uh.” Sam’s mouth twitches into an almost-smile. “I didn’t take it seriously before. That’s my bad.”
Cas comes over, sits down on the edge of the bed. “Dean?”
“I dunno,” Dean says. “Yeah, I guess.”
Jack is out doing something or other with Claire. Dean tends not to ask questions when Claire’s involved, considering the whole mess with Cas and the fact that Dean put a gun in her girlfriend’s face. Sam’s doing some reading while Dean browses through news reports, hunting for evidence. Evidence of the Empty somewhere, of a veil between worlds wearing thin, of anything at all.
“You can hit me again,” Dean says, asking for it, “I just— please lemme— touch my dick, you can do anything you want—”
Cas flinches. “Do you even want to call me that, or is it something you’ve just— just learned is what you’re supposed to say? I thought—” He looks away, and Dean can’t fucking watch him walk away, not now— “I thought I could trust you,” Cas snarls. “I thought I could trust us to be real. To be something real, out of this whole— out of all of it.”
you?” Sam waits outside the door as Cas goes into his bedroom, watches through the open doorway as Cas puts his trench coat on, his shoes. “Cas, what’re you—”
. “I think we’ve had enough of what I want—”
“Oh, Christ,” Dean whispers, coming back into his body. Oh Christ. Oh Christ. What did he
Oh, God. Dean closes his eyes, and his shoulders shake, and it hits him, all at once. He lost him. He lost him. Cas had— and Dean had reached out in the night and there was nothing there, nothing at all. Who was he? He is, has always been and always will be, fundamentally, Sam’s brother, but
“It sounds fucking deranged when you put it that way.”
“Okay,” Dean says, still kind of stuck on the fact that Cas is shirtless in front of him, looking at how fucking
“Yeah. Yeah, I like it,” Dean whispers. It’s true, and yet— Dean can barely
Dean wakes up to mid-morning sunlight with an arm over his body. He is being
,” Sam says, face red as all hell, “I’m gonna— m’gonna call her.”
Dean breathes in. It always smells so strongly of grass and fresh soil out here in the summer, something about the sun resurrecting all the bugs and leaves and flowers that hunker down in the winter. Cas is human now, or close enough, but he still— some days, less often as time goes by, he’ll flinch from his usual morning omelette, more molecules than food. Dean wonders what he senses out here. If he can hear the bugs rustling in the grass, the hawks killing bunnies miles away. If it’s too much or not enough, being what Cas is.
, he groans around Cas’s fingers ‘cause he wants to be full, he wants it all.
“You have a diary?” Dean asks incredulously, and then regrets it. Trying to be nice, he asks, “What do you write about?”
“Dean,” Cas rumbles, like a shot of the good stuff straight to the stomach, fuck, Dean feels it curling in his belly how good it feels when Cas says his name.
“No, it’s not stupid, it’s just… it’s just a thing. A thing to work through. You think I don’t get that way sometimes, ‘bout Eileen?” Dean looks up at his brother, six foot four and hunched over for it, like he’s apologizing already for taking up too much space. “You ever think about therapy?”
“Well, shit, don’t look too happy about it,” she says, and looks back out over Jody’s backyard, and settles. Dean knows she’s looking at Kaia, ‘cause nothing else makes her settle the way that girl does.
“Dean,” Cas says, reaching for him, “what on earth are you talking about?”
. Forty year old basket case.” He flexes his hand, and suddenly he’s— he’s in Lisa’s house, pushing her against the wall, nothing but violence in him, the vampire-bloodlust some crazy unknowable mix of desire and disgust. What he did to her was a goddamn atrocity. And Sam thinks he should— what, find another civilian to get killed? Jesus Christ.
Oh, fuck. The whole truth of it comes slithering out, disgusting and filthy and sloppy. “All I want is for him to stay,” Dean says, and that’s the whole fucking truth of it. “There ain’t a lot I wouldn’t do to— to keep him safe and… and here. Today I just.” I just fucked it up. I just got too mad too fast, the way I always do, the way I do ‘cause I got this anger inside me that won’t go anywhere. “Just couldn’t keep lyin’ to him.”
Yeah. It’s humiliating, how clear it is. “Well, shit,” Dean says, “don’t hang around out of pity.”
More complete notes to come in the last chapter, I think. Thanks again to everyone who commented — I'll reply to your comments individually soon. I can't express enough how much your comments made this happen. I really hope this isn't a disappointment — I've sort of forgotten a lot of the thematic and plot threads that I had in mind when I first started planning this fic, but I re-read it a few times to get back into the swing of it and just wrote something fun. I hope you like it (and if not, that's totally ok too, I won't be offended!).
“Dean.” He hears her exhale. “You saved my life. I can give you a free therapy session.”
“Were you pretending?” Cas turns in the seat, knees butting up against the gearshift. His voice dips, and Dean watches his throat as he says, “When you prayed to me in Purgatory? When you said— I still think about it, when you said to me that you’d rather have me, cursed or not.” And Cas adds, urgently, “I still think about the way you held me when I left the Empty the first time. I think about the look on your face when you raised me the second time. Was that pretend?”
“Yeah, I know, Cas.” As if the problem is — there’s more to it, is all. He knows he can trust Cas around guns, Jesus Christ, what a hypocritical douchebag he’d be if he didn’t.
“We’re not,” Dean interrupts, voice hard.
And then she says, “He’s really in love with you.”
“Okay,” Dean says uncertainly. He wonders. He could… he hasn’t watched any Dr. Sexy in a while. It’s a stupid TV show, and Cas doesn’t really get the appeal, and Dean doesn’t want to— doesn’t want Cas to see him like that, shoveling snacks in his face and mooning over a fake doctor in a TV show when Cas is right there, like who’d want to see that? But maybe he could try. “Uh. I’ll try it. There’s a, a show, that Cas doesn’t really— I mean, it’s more my thing, so maybe I’ll suggest we watch it.”
It makes him
He looks back up. If Cas were one of those stars, a thousand light years wouldn’t be enough to keep them apart. He remembers the way he’d felt when Cas was back, walking on that Dodge City highway under that high noon sun, when just the week before he’d shoved a needle in his heart and hoped he wouldn’t wake up. He can’t lose him again. He won’t.
In the car, Dean doesn’t kick into drive just yet. He asks, “Was that okay? I didn’t—” and he gestures between them. He says, “We didn’t, uh, hold hands or anything.”
“I.” Dean clears his throat. Sweating, he says, “I noticed you… you got your stuff out of. The room.”
He feels the even rise and fall of Cas’s chest under his cheek, the warmth of him against Dean’s belly, his thighs. He closes his eyes because he can’t— today, of all days, for him to be—
The road blurs behind his tears. He swallows again, breathes through the sharpness in his chest. It’s good he came out all this way, didn’t try to do this near the bunker. He understands his mom perfectly now. He didn’t get it, before, how she could make that deal — how she could trade it all away, trade her own life and Sammy’s too, just for John Winchester. Just to bring him back. Dean could never understand that, couldn’t understand picking someone over your child, over Sam, even if he hadn’t even been born yet. It was the craziest thing to him that she could have done that.
I mean. He figured out one thing. But you can’t hold him to it now — he wasn’t even human back then. If he’d just
.” That shuts Dean up. Sam looks at him, and says, “I— I— I looked it up for— for you.”
,” and Cas motions between the two of them as if Dean is supposed to know what the hell he means. Sam rolls his eyes. Cas says, quietly, “You were explicitly, fundamentally, the most dangerous threat to Naomi’s control over me. You and I both know it was you who broke the connection in the crypt.”
“Nah, nothin’— nothin’ serious, just.” Dean breathes out. He’s fine. Everything’s fine. And the memory of Sam saying
and then him and Cas get into an argument that keeps Dean stalled in the produce section with a grin on his face for a full twenty minutes.
Cas looks up at him from his seat. “Did something happen?”
“Here.” And Sam lifts the hem of his shirt up, and there’s. It’s.
“I can’t believe you just pulled an
and Sam’ll have to circle
“Of course.”
They’re pretty sure it’s a shifter up just outside of Kansas City, on the Kansas side, making its way systematically through the various banks dotted around the suburbs. Honestly, Sam’s got nothing against bank robbery in principle, except that three security guards and one witness are dead and that’s just not on.
“Yeah, yeah,” and Dean scrambles to take his dick out, and then Cas’s, too, and then— all at once it’s unbelievable, touching him, skin on skin, he’s— Dean looks at his dick, nudging up against Cas’s, between their stomachs. “This is insane,” Dean says, because he’s so hard it’s unreal. He looks up and Cas—
The crypt. Cas, standing over him. That light in his eyes. The way he’d looked— that knife. Dean still feels it, some days, Cas’s trench coat in his palms as he begged. He was bleeding everywhere and it was just like Dad on his bad days and it was so pathetic of him but he’d thought— he’d thought, if the way I go has got to be a beating, then let it be him. I’d rather it be him.
He doesn’t see Cas, doesn’t watch the expression that slides onto his face at that. Just imagines it. Imagines Cas’s mouth twisting, imagines his brows furrowing as he considers that.
. That’s it.
. Okay. That’s what— Dean’s knee starts bouncing, just thinking of it. He’d be Cas’s— Cas’s partner. Nobody would know anything more about him than that. “Would you like that?”
“Your world is bigger than Alastair,” Sam says, and it’s cruel, it cuts, he shouldn’t have said it. Dean flinches. Sam keeps his eyes on the water. “I couldn’t understand that for the longest time. Every minute since I came out of the pit I could feel him in me. He was so happy to be there. I was— I was perfect for him. It— it— it was like, like I was rotting. And he was the maggots, eating me.”
when he was almost dying for Dean yet another time, that black poison spreading across his stomach—
of it all, like fuck, where did he even
“Shit, Cas,” he huffs, low and half-disbelieving, as Cas grips his knees tight, uses them as leverage to mouth up his thigh. The unbelievable part of it is how blissed out Cas looks, like he’s the happiest he’s ever been, tongue pressed to Dean’s skin, nose in the crook of his thigh, God— “You like it, huh?”
“Yeah, man.” Dean closes the oven door on his loaf — sourdough, yeah, like all the “cottagecore lesbians” (Claire’s words) and “survivalist queers” (Charlie’s words) — and walks over. “Where is it?”
“Well, I.” Dean exhales. “Okay. Okay. I want ‘im here. And I want—” He flushes, and tries to keep it PG for Sam’s sake. “I mean, I want what we— we did together. I liked that.” And so he asks: “You think that’s enough?”
, blinking up at Cas, Jesus. “Cas— c’mon—” Dean says
“That sounds like it went well,” Sam says, and Dean nods, stunned.
Castiel smiles at him, and Dean, incredibly, smiles back. He turns to face Jack, who’s close enough that Castiel can finally see his face. He looks good. He looks happy, and happier to see Castiel. At once, Castiel casts aside every false hope he has ever had, every demand for a better world and every bitter sacrifice he made to keep Kelly safe, every ignored phone call from Dean and every grimy motel room.
“Yeah, hello to you too,” Dean drawls, pulling up Sam’s archival search engine. “Okay, hit me.”
“What you said.” She looks at him. He pauses, with the TV standing upright on the ground and styrofoam pellets everywhere. It’s strange, to be the one making tea while he does the hard work. She’s used to being young, being the menial labor of the family, weeding out gardens and hanging up paintings for her older relatives. “About me looking like— like him. Like your, uh, Dean.”
Cas stands up. He won’t look at Dean. He says to the sink, “It’s your room. And I don’t want to sleep there anymore anyway.”
“Dunno,” Dean says, even though he knows. He knows it’s that he took on a commitment too big. It’s that he told Cas he loved him, and told Cas he could do this — could get cuddly at the family barbecue and flirty at the Lebanon bookstore and in love,
Dean looks at his hands on the steering wheel. A decade without Cas, if that happens. “I’m,” he says, and it’s too close. “Not really ready to think about that.”
Sam rubs a hand on his back. “I— I dunno how to help, man, I’m sorry.” He asks, “Have you— I could send you Mia’s contact info, or.”
Amy grins. “If he didn’t like relish, he’s cool in my books.”
“That’s,” Dean says, mouth dry.
Suddenly, Dean can see the shape of it. He has to ask Cas to stay. Cas can’t say yes if he doesn’t ask.
“Sure. Just a sec. Just—” Claire tilts her head at him, and looks— fuck, she looks so much like him. Dean lets her study him, lets her look for something on his face. Finally, she says, “You and Cas.”
Cas puts his hand on Dean’s chest. It’s not— there’s no heat to it, not through the two layers Dean’s wearing, but the pressure of it. Dean can feel him. Dean can
“You are—” Jesus Christ. Dean just got him back. Somehow, all of this— all the shit Dean pulled, all his rage when Sam was gone, it’s just— it’s condensed, solidified, curdled into this. Into this moment: Cas, walking away from him again. He just got him back. After all that time, he just got him back. “I can’t fucking believe you. You fucking— you and your fucking martyr complex, I’m—”
Also, Bobby was a great role model. We should think about how he raised us. I liked that Bobby asked about my schoolwork. He let me read instead of train most days. And you’d hate this, but he used to get me those lychee pops while you were out working. I’m serious. He’d take me out in his godforsaken Toyota and drive me four hours into Minneapolis to that one Korean grocery store on the north side of town for lychee pops, and then we’d spend some time at a lake (in that stretch between Nicollet and Shieldsville) and get back right when you finished your second shift. I hate that you were working double shifts while I was in high school. I don’t even know where you worked. Tell me about it sometime.
“We want each other,” Cas says, like it’s a revelation, and his hips are moving again and Dean’s hips are moving and they hit a rhythm, almost by accident, the two of them, crooking into each other like some unholy crankshaft clicking into place.
“Explain it to me, then, ‘cause hell if I know what’s going on in my head half the time.”
It’s visceral, Cas inside him, and he just— he reaches for his dick and Cas slaps his hand away, sharp and stinging against the inside of his wrist, and Dean flat out moans. Christ, he feels like he’s about to
He presses down against Dean’s tongue before releasing him, and Dean tries to catch his breath. “Fuck, Cas,” he says, as Cas delicately tries to pull out of his ass. Admittedly, it’s not very easy going, and Dean closes his eyes, shuddering through the aftershocks Cas pulls out of him as he slides his hand out, slowly. His dick twitches again when Cas gets to the widest part of his hand— and he can’t hold in the whimper when Cas’s hand finally slips out. “Jesus Christ. Jesus
“Was that—” Cas looks at him. And then he maneuvers himself across the bed to sit next to Dean’s shoulders, palm cradling Dean’s face. “Was that okay?”
“Hm,” Cas mumbles, softly, as he sets his teeth against the muscle of Dean’s throat. His hands slide hot over his chest, palms brushing—
And Dean thinks on it, wonders if he can get out of it, but it. He thinks it might do him some good, if he. If he says it. So for the first time in his life, he tells it in words, what happened there.
“I want us to talk with each other,” Cas says. “I want to talk with you late into the night. I want to tell you that I love you. I want you to show me your favorite westerns, ten times over. I want to grow vegetables in a garden for Sam’s salads and discuss theology with Eileen in the middle of the night when you’re asleep. I want to kiss you.”
Dean doesn’t say a word. Just watches him. Keeps his eyes on him as Cas toes off his shoes to step onto the blanket, feet next to Dean’s hips, and then sits down, cross-legged. Cas keeps looking at Dean, like he’s just as interesting as the sky above.
“Okay,” Dean says, because that could mean anything. “Is that a… good thing?”
to someone’s front desk staff. “So if she’s takin’ direct calls, I’m—”
“Man, you’re—” Sam softens his voice, lowers it. Tries to be gentle. He gets it. “You need to hear it again? ‘Cause I’ll tell you, as often as you want. I do need you, man. We need you.” Cas turns around at that, but doesn’t disagree. He just looks at Sam, hip propped up against the kitchen counter, chewing his egg slowly.
So he hunches over his dollar store notebook and taps his pen against the desk. And he writes:
Easy. Nice and easy. Casual, even. Dean hadn’t even stuttered over it, and if he hadn’t downed half his beer afterwards no one would even have fucking noticed anything at all.
“Okay,” Mary says, because she’s now getting the sense that this subject is, perhaps, more sensitive than she anticipated. “That’s okay, too.”
cold,” Dean realizes, looking down as he wraps Cas’s hand in both of his. It’s so— he’s so delicate, Dean just wants— and he can’t stop it, he can’t, his thumb brushes across a tendon and Cas shivers.
Sam’s got a sharp-eyed crow peering in on his right side and an elk on his left, looking at each other with Sam’s belly button between them. Prickly grass and a few leaves around his stomach tie it together, all in crisp black lines.
Of course, Dean runs into Cas on the way to his room. Can’t catch a break.
The two of them go out for their lunch break. Amy pulls out a smoke, which Dean’s tried to tell her is crap for your lungs or whatever the fuck about sixty times, but you lose your credibility when you eat burgers for lunch every day for a week. Dean figures that’s fair enough. She downs two pieces of homemade California rolls in five seconds, and Dean picks at his fries, next to his half-eaten hot dog. He ain’t really hungry. His stomach is just rolling, thinking about Cas.
Castiel was a creature of Heaven and then he put his grace inside of Dean’s rotting soul in Hell and now he’s a— a gay man sitting in an amateur greenhouse in Kansas.
“Shit,” Dean says. “Yeah. That’s good to write down.” He tries, “You know, uh. You can. You can talk to me about that stuff, too.”
Cas nods. His eyes are still focused on the mirror, maybe, or the dirt at the edge of the road. “Yes. That’s true.” He hasn’t looked at Dean once.
Eileen had been too good for him. Which, well. That’s not the point when she’s fucking dead, is what any decent person would say, but Sam can’t stop himself from selfishly drawing the link between WINCHESTER AFFILIATE and DEATH. She asked them for help. She mailed them a fucking letter, and wrote,
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, slides his thumb across Cas’s collarbone and hears his breath hitch, “stay here, all right? Just stay.”
. “Cas, Cas, I’m— please, please—”
“If you need help,” Claire says, “just ask, dude. It’s a two-way street.”
, man. It’s fucking obvious, now that he looks back on it, but somehow there was always a reason for it. And now that he’s thinkin’ on it he remembers Arizona, with Lee, when he’d held up that beer into the light at that bar and Dean had leaned back over that riding bull and felt the stretch of his jeans over his thighs and the warmth, just from Lee lookin’ at him.
He just can’t.
He raps his knuckles on the table and mumbles out a, “Good night, Cas,” and doesn’t let Cas follow him out.
The case is nice and easy. Practically in their backyard — a day trip. This is a good thing: Sam won’t need to survive a night in a motel room.
“I could call you any number of things which aren’t gendered,” Cas says, and
But Cas says, “Fine,” mouth tilting down at the edge the way it does when he’s pissed off, and Dean watches him put another shirt on ‘cause he gets cold easy and watches him put socks on ‘cause he likes wearing socks and sandals, the dumbass. Too used to covered up feet after all those years in Jimmy’s shoes, Dean figures.
Sam sighs. “Okay, lay it on me. Full scope of the fuckup. I wanna know.”
“M’not a teenage girl, I was just— s’just a joke.”
“I bought some earrings too, for Claire,” Cas says, “but to be honest, I don’t think they’ll want them. Should I get them out?”
Dean stops in the doorway, and wheezes out a breath, and looks at it. The wreckage. Not that it’s— it’s actually cleaner than it usually is, because
“Should I find someplace else?” Cas had asked.
“You look well, Sam,” Castiel says quietly, because he doesn’t know how else to express it. Perhaps, he could say, You look as a monument, as a pin in the ground, firmer than any sand, stronger than any wind. He could say, I think you will win your next fight. He could say, I saw you in that fiery furnace on the plain of Dura in the province of Babylon, and the smell of fire had not passed on you.
“Yeah, ‘course, man.” Dean hovers awkwardly in the doorway until Cas nods at the bed, and Dean perches on the end, a foot away from Cas’s bare feet poking out from the ends of his sweatpants.
and, worst of all, that fucking Anne Carson book on the shelves.
, Sam, Jesus, what?”
“You did good, Dean,” Sam says seriously. “With me, I mean. You just— there’s no answer on this one. You just gotta do it.” He smiles weakly, and says, “We gotta, I mean. You and me.”
“I’m thinking he was… doing a favor,” Castiel realizes. “She tripped over a rock, and he made it… go away.” And then he glares at Dean, adding, “And we’re not
“You just want me to get old and gross, huh,” Dean jokes.
he’d said. Fuck. “Thank you, Cas,” Dean chokes out, softly. His shoulders shake as he curls over into himself, crying, wrecked over it, over his absence. “I can’t believe we didn’t figure it out,” he says, desperately. To the close and claustrophobic space between his hands and his knees, he asks, “How did we take so long? You know I’ve— you gotta know I—”
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice cracks. He clears his throat. Somehow, he feels a little better, even, just talking about him. He says, “Y’know, he— he was— Cas was generous.” He doesn’t know how else to put it. The way Cas was with him. “I mean. He never took my shit, and that was— good of him. He expected good out of me. He cared about me enough to see that I could be— that I could be something.”
Donnie looks over at Dean. Dean snorts. “What? Like hell I’m calling the cops. Just keep your boy in line, man.”
“Perfect,” Cas says, and then he presses his thumb against Dean’s rim, pressing in and in and in and Dean’s eyes fly open at the feeling of Cas’s fingers, all five of them in him, and he looks up at Cas and Cas looks at him and Dean thinks this is the fullest he’s ever felt and maybe the hungriest he’s ever been for it, like— the drag of Cas’s skin inside of him is extravagant, pure gluttony, the entire idea of it completely unnecessary, hedonism, and—
— so goddamn stupid. He escaped the second Dean wasn’t there to be prison warden. The second Dean went out to have a drink so he didn’t have to live in the same house as his most humiliating mistake. “He just left?”
He closes his eyes, gets into it, the taste of him, heavy on his tongue. He’s never felt like this, so— so overwhelmed, so full up with no contact except Cas inside his mouth, all sweat and smell of him, it’s fucking filthy is what it is, and Dean inhales through his nose and tries to take him deeper. Fuck. Fuck. Get
“Question for you,” Dean starts, because he’s been thinking about it ever since that disastrous whatever the fuck that was with Sam. Cas turns to look at him, and Dean asks, “What do you think about praying?”
“Anyone make your lunches?” Amy asks.
he doesn’t say, generously. Dean nods mechanically. “It resonated.”
The wind ruffles the leaves, snakes through the grass. Whips up the water, where it can touch it.
“I love you,” Cas whispers, nothing like the way he said it out in that lot, nothing like the way he said it after the Michael spear. He says it like he’ll say it again someday. “I want to—” and Cas takes his hand, kisses the inside of his wrist. His forearm. Cas kisses his way down Dean’s arm until he hits the crook of his elbow, and presses his lips there, too, worshipful.
Dean chokes. “N— s’all right,” and it ain’t even a lie, he can see the line of split trailing from Cas’s index finger and anyway, lube makes it— real, and this is just. This is just.
“Dean Winchester,” she says. “I’m surprised to hear from you.”
Dean focuses. He’d kept Sam in his gaze but now he really looks, and he sees the tightness of his face, the clench of his jaw. He’s— he’s
“Ah, well.” Dean looks over at her stove, and says, “Your water’s boiling.”
Cas, of course, knows what he wants. He leans down to kiss Dean’s chest, just to the side of his nipple, and then— and then he catches Dean’s nipple in his teeth, licking at it, messy and brutal and Dean shakes, hand coming up to grip Cas’s hair, leg curled around his hips. “Fuck— fuck—”
“I loved you as yourself long before I understood you to be a man,” Cas continues. Dean looks at him. Cas says, “Maybe you aren’t a man at all.”
Cas smiles too. “Well, you don’t have to use it.”
Cas stands up. Dean watches him stretch. Watches him roll his neck, pop the bones of his wrists loudly. And then Cas’s body blocks out the stars, just for a second, as he hovers over the blanket.
. Right. Subtle, man.
Dean swallows. Cas is so close to him. His eyes are so blue. Dean— he brings his hand up, shaky, covers Cas’s hand with his own. “You’re—
), and Juniper tried to teach him how TikTok works (Dean had concluded that there were too many directions to swipe in—up, down, left, right, how’s he supposed to keep track?), and Paola recounted the latest installment in the serial Greek tragedy taking place in her senior year philosophy class (Dean missed a significant chunk of this story, and therefore the emotional weight of its climax, mostly because he forgot that Ana-the-sibling-of-Max was different from Anna-the-unattainable-crush, who was however
“That’s not. I mean.” Dean knows his face is red, but fuck, he’s here, isn’t he, talking about his goddamn relationship problems with Sam. Quietly, he admits: “I
He looks at Cas. He’s been looking at Cas for longer than he’s been alive, it feels like. “I want you,” he whispers, watching it hit him, hit Cas, and he adds, “You’re not something I ever coulda chose. Not with— with Dad, or with God. And.” He blows out a breath, chest all caved in and empty and angry and hating himself. “I just want something for myself, and goddamn it to hell, Cas, that ain’t—”
Jack says, “We’d be happy to help you, Dean.”
“These aren’t even questions,” Sam says, “you just wrote ‘good stuff’ at the top of the page and ‘bad stuff’ halfway down.”
Oh, Dean could recite the whole thing word for word. He ain’t even into that kinda thing, not really, s’just… the wording of it struck him so bad.
“S’not that big of a deal, man,” Dean mutters.
“Woah,” Sam breathes.
“Is it good?” Cas asks it with his mouth against the hinge of Dean’s jaw and Dean shivers under him from the feeling of it, feels his pulse fluttering under Cas’s tongue.
Of course he does. His name is
“A spell, huh?” Oh Christ. Dean tries to get Brian to back off, but no, the guy’s got— Dean knew he had a fire in him and he respects it, sure, that’s why the hell he brought him back in the first place, but there’s fire and then there’s suicide and when a man’s pointing a gun in your face— “I’m flattered you think I’m that pretty, but older guys aren’t really my type—”
“Yeah, obviously,” she says. “I mean, are they—
“Let’s see if he has any ID, maybe someone to call,” Lindsay says, and walks back around to pull his wallet and his phone out of his pocket. No one in the bar seems to care that their substitute bartender just knocked a guy out, and none of them make any moves to order anything either, which Dean appreciates.
Dean breathes, shakily. He can’t. He
it,” Sam spits, suddenly furious in a way he wasn’t, even one minute ago. Here he is. Here he is, surviving in a world without his longest constant — Lucifer, at once his God and his Devil, the purest truth, because Lucifer has never lied to him — and Cas and Dean can’t shut up for two fucking seconds. Here he is, a poisoned river. Here he is, a grieving dust storm.
It’s cruel. It’s so fucking cruel. He shouldn’t have said it. Sam looks at him like he’s got no clue what he means but Cas knows, oh, he knows.
“Non-denominational, I guess,” Sam says, scrolling back a few seconds and hitting play.
The Claire stuff —
There’s a used bookstore in Lebanon. Dean likes books but he’s never been one to buy ‘em when even a couple bucks could be the difference between mac’n’cheese or crackers for dinner, and it’s not like he’s had time to read these past years. But Cas thought it’d be nice to fill a bookshelf with fun reading, and Dean knows for a fact that Cas’s idea of fun is shit like first editions of Aimé Césaire in the original French, but he tags along anyway.
“But Alastair’s dead,” Sam continues, “he’s been dead a long time. And Lucifer is dead, now, so I think I can understand it. Now I can look around and I can breathe. It was like I’d been breathing through a tube since I came out of the pit, and I could— I could— now that he’s dead I can take in air for myself.”
Sam’s birth has never been celebrated in her family. In the Winchester household, May 2nd is just the six-month anniversary of November 2nd. She looks between the earrings in her hands and Dean’s carefully indifferent face. After she puts them in, she doesn’t take the hearts out until Jess gets her a pair for their first anniversary — sweet white diamond angel wings.
. “If you’re— don’t hurt yourself, man. You can, y’know, if you want.” He pats the blanket beside him, because he can’t say the words. Imagine it. Dean, asking,
Cas follows him in swollen, sullen silence to the impala and sets his hands in his lap. Dean pulls out, drives aimlessly, settling on west as the direction with more potential than east, squinting with the sun in his eyes so he doesn’t have to look at Cas.
, two points of contact and it’s already too much. Cas kisses him and kisses him and holds him in place and Dean just takes it. He lets Cas touch him and makes humiliating little noises every time Cas’s hand shifts. He bites gentle on Cas’s lower lip, mostly to stop himself from whining in the back of his throat, and Cas— Cas gets in close, presses into him, kisses him harder and puts his knee between Dean’s legs as if that’s something Dean can survive.
. Normally he’d be— he’d be more active, but like this, he’s just— he’s at Cas’s disposal. “How do you want me?”
Mary closes the door behind him. She looks at him, his back, his hands. He looks just like her mom. And like John, too, sometimes, when his shoulders block the light just right or when he looks at her from the driver’s seat of that car.
There’s nothing out here. Except for the sun, maybe, if that counts. The sun, and miles and miles of grass. “So,” Dean tries again, and his throat clicks. He blinks furiously, determined to get through a sentence, at least.
“Jeez,” Dean says, and he huffs out a chuckle. “Mom.”
“All right. Queer angels, huh.”
“That’s… too bad,” Mary tries, remembering Sam’s advice.
, Sam had whispered. He’d been so quiet. He’s always so quiet.
“Dean.”
“You know how I knew to call you? I read your group chat.” Dean watches Frat Bro pale. Dean looks down, and reads out, “
The game progresses predictably enough. Claire destroys him. Kaia might’ve lost even more badly, except that Claire bowls half her shots for her, which Castiel supposes is fair enough. She did live in an apocalyptic alternate universe for a year, as they’re both apt to remind Castiel when he starts to complain about cheating.
“Hell,” Mia repeats.
. Because hell. He really fucking does.
He closes his mouth. Swallows back the words. He ain’t dying anymore. God help him, he ain’t dying anymore.
Nothing wrong with being someone folks can rely on, though. He listens for it, but that bird doesn’t interrupt, so he says, “I’m trying,” quietly and firmly. He mostly says it for himself, so he can hear it out in the air. He’s trying. No one has to follow him into battle — he’s just plugging numbers into a computer and answering panicked phone calls from young folk who’ve already lost more than their fair share. That’s all he’s doing. And that’s all right.
He exhales. He’s never written so much in one go that wasn’t an addition to Dad’s notebook. It hits him, suddenly, that the thing inside him that he hates and fears and loves is just death. It’s all just death.
“No prob,” Cas says right back to him, and pulls him down to kiss him again, in his soft sweatsuit on his soft memory foam mattress with the love of his life. All Dean can see is Cas in front of him, Cas’s blue eyes. He ain't on display at all.
“Looks nice, Sam,” Dean says, sincerely, and stands back up. “Mean anything?”
“Tough place to get a tattoo.”
The lore’s pretty shady on alternate universes. The bibliographies of 1930s journal articles have bounced him from book to book, which refer back to each other in an unending spiral of uselessness. According to the ‘definitive’ texts on the subject, alternate worlds either don’t exist, exist but can never be seen, or are so difficult to access safely that it would probably be better to die in a fiery plane crash than to even try.
“Not at all,” Cas says, wiping a tear away with his thumb. Dean looks up and then— they’re kissing again, Cas holding him there with his palm while Dean takes it and takes it.
“Don’t ask me that,” Dean tries.
Cas’s shoulders tighten. “It seemed inappropriate to stay, considering the way we left things.”
Dean realizes he’s just making sounds now, little clenched gasps and the whole
“Yes.”
Dean wants to be worth that smile. “Well, hell, Cas, if that’s all,” he jokes quietly, barely hearing himself. Just thinking about it. About where he is — out here on the plains where there’s nobody to look at him at all. Nobody to see the way his knees tremble on either side of Cas’s broad thighs, to see the way his head dips lower and lower, to see Cas tilt his chin up, to see Dean close his eyes.
“Yes,” Cas murmurs, and right. Ex-angel. That settles that.
And— maybe ‘cause it’s Bobby, or maybe ‘cause he said
Eventually, Sam tries, “But, okay. Let me just— so, he comes back. And you… knew that he was in love with you. So you told him you were also in love with him, even though you… weren’t… so he wouldn’t… leave.”
“Thank you,” Castiel says, “but no.”
Dean’s breath catches. Another declaration from on high. Does he always need to hear it from someone else? What
“Dad wouldn’t be too happy with us, huh,” Dean says over his beer. He steels himself, and looks at Sam, with his earrings and his enormous
Cas’s mouth twists as he pushes himself up to sitting. “This is why I didn’t say it,” Cas grouches, hunched over like his neck is too tired to hold up his head.
But he is. Cas said the things he said, and Dean knows when he’s been given a true chance, a real chance. A chance to do things right. And whatever else he is, Dean’s not ungrateful.
“Hey,” Dean says, knocking Sam’s shoulder. Sam jerks, as he always does, and pulls out an earbud. “Whatcha watchin’?”
. Dean’s always been a Steinbeck fan, but he doesn’t think he’s ever read this one. He’s always stuck to the novellas. Never know when you’ll have to abandon a book— better not to get attached to a long one. “Yeah. Sure.”
And he thinks about that line in his own journal, about growing old. He thinks about putting up a rocking chair and looking out at an August sunset in the plains and not having a damn thing to do.
“It’s chaos. It’s been chaos since— well, truly, since the averted apocalypse,” Cas says. “I suppose I thought it… I thought the solution was no longer my problem. I thought I could escape it.” He leaves his room, passing through the hallway with Sam trailing behind him. “I was so sure I was more of a hindrance than a help. That doesn’t mean I can— I can ignore a direct call like this.”
Cas smiles. “Yes, Dean, I know.” He pulls Dean into him, kisses him like that, there in the middle of the floor of Dean’s bedroom, upright enough for the two of them. His mouth is something new, something unheard of— Dean’s never been so lightheaded over anybody in his life. “Lie down?”
“I miss many things about being an angel,” Cas continues, and Dean’s heart clenches. “But… I’m happier now. It’s— I didn’t even know to be happy. I couldn’t have told you what it was to feel pleased or displeased by one thing or another. It’s impossible to overstate the vastness of your influence on me, Dean.”
“I’ll direct you.”
“This… this is two questions.”
“I won’t be a burden on you anymore,” Cas says. “Let me fix my own mistakes.”
,” Dean hisses, because he can’t— if he has to watch Cas die again he’ll lose it. He exhales, and asks, “How risky is it? Really. Tell me.”
“I need you to spell this out for me,” he says, hoping Cas will get it. If Cas asks— if Cas asks, then all Dean has to do is say yes. He can say yes. He can do that much. “I need— shit, Cas,” he huffs, almost laughing, from how idiotic the whole damn thing is, “I need you to be brave on this one. I’m sorry, man. That’s how it’s gotta be.”
“Oh God, don’t call it that,” Dean sighs. “And, I dunno. Like, when I thought you were— and Cas said some stuff, and I was totally hopeless.”
“Yeah. Anytime.”
So Dean leans carefully against the sturdiest-looking shelf as Cas flips to about two-thirds through the book. “It’s chapter 25,” Cas says, as if that means anything to Dean. In his low voice, his normal talking voice, deep like the ocean, he reads: “‘The spring is beautiful in California. Valleys in which the fruit blossoms are fragrant pink and white waters in a shallow sea. Then the first tendrils of the grapes swelling from the old gnarled vines, cascade down to cover the trunks. The full green hills are round and soft as breasts. And on the level vegetable lands are the mile-long rows of pale green lettuce and the spindly little cauliflowers, the gray-green unearthly artichoke plants.’”
“The world is large,” Cas says, his voice deeper and quieter the way it always is the first hour after he wakes up, before he gets enough water in him. “It surprises me, sometimes. It feels like the entire world is wherever you are.”
“Won’t take much,” Cas admits, lowly, sliding back over him until Dean’s not so anxious anymore, just feeling Cas’s weight and his heat. He rocks up against Dean’s belly and Dean puts a hand on his shoulder and another hand on his dick, stroking gently and keeping his eyes on Cas’s forehead furrowing as his head tilts down. “You looked so— so good.”
“Are you comfortable?”
Cas shrugs. “I’d like to, but admittedly, it’s not— I’d rather watch you.”
Ah. Right. Dean powers back more of his drink and looks at his laptop as if it’ll suddenly start reading out all his secrets. “Just, uh.”
“Why’s that—” such a big deal, who cares
Cas stands up, and makes as if to walk into the river, and Dean says, “Wait. Wait, can you— Jesus, Cas,” and Cas turns around to look back at him. Dean says, “Take— take your shoes off. If you’re going in. You’ll need ‘em dry when you come out.”
It could… it could be easier. The fallout wouldn’t be as bad once Dean inevitably fucks it up, but Cas looks so dejected by the idea that Dean can’t do it. “Nah, s’fine, Cas.”
too-tight T-shirt, and Dean just—
Christ. Everyone keeps asking him that, as if— as if it matters, as if it’ll make a difference. Like they need to cater to Dean even
“I’ll… I’ll check her schedule,” the person says hesitantly, and then Dean waits through two minutes of pleasant but grief-appropriate hold music, and then Mia picks up.
Sam parades around the bunker in his dumbass purple dog crop top (the crop top thing is fine, hell, Dean’s got his own tiny denim shorts for car washing and those are a lot more— well,
“Oh?”
Jack raises his hand, as if to wave it. He says, “Hello.”
“You— you—” Dean chokes in a breath as Cas’s hand slides down his chest, his stomach, takes hold of his dick. Fuck. Even the pillow feels unbearably good against his skin, the slide of his hair against the back of his neck, Cas’s warmth— Cas’s hand tight around him, and Dean’s—
“Don’t do that.” Dean shuffles in closer, closer and closer, legs right in between Cas’s until they’re all tangled up like rope caught in a knot. “Finish what you were sayin’,” he whispers, practically into Cas’s mouth. “C’mon.”
Yeah. All right. Dean lets that one lie. The road curves on for another ten miles, clouds scudding overhead as the grass stays the same.
“Jesus Christ,” Sam mutters. And then, louder, “Have you told Jack about this?”
“Well that’s the whole fucking reason we’re even—” Don’t say it, don’t fucking say it, Winchester, “—doing this,
“No,” Castiel says, “no, no, you won’t.” He turns back, and Jack is closer, now. Mary and Sam seem defensive, but no weapons are drawn, and so Castiel turns back to Dean. “I won’t leave you. But you need to trust me.”
Dean blows out a breath. “Your buddy here pointed a gun in my face, that’s what. I suggest you stop letting him out of the house with arms.”
Quietly, Dean says, “Thanks.”
, but then Cas adds, “and I know you wanted to make a pizza tonight, too. So.”
. He doesn’t even realize he’s shaking ‘til Cas’s hands land on his shoulders. Dean cracks open his eyes and sees Cas’s face, first, which makes the rest of it almost bearable.
“Yes.” Cas stands up suddenly to pull Dean’s boxers off, too, and then pushing Dean bodily up the bed so Cas can kneel between his thighs. Fuck. He’s so— so
“I’m unclenched!” Dean powers back some of his own beer and grins at her. “See? Picture of relaxation.”
“And you betrayed yourself.”
After
to her, even though he still says it to Dean. Sometimes she wonders if that means it’d be safe— but it’s probably more likely to be some kind of subtle punishment, some kind of brush-off since she’s not so good with a shotgun, not so committed to the family business. Dean’s Bobby’s boy. Sam’s nobody. “What’re you doing?”
“That’s okay,” Sam says, although she thinks it might be nice to list Robert Singer rather than John Winchester on an emergency contact form one day. “I think— I mean, the guidance counsellors say I got a good shot at getting in somewhere with a bursary program.”
“Will you just—” Dean grins as Sam shakes his head, rueful, and tosses the piece of paper onto Dean’s desk. “Anyway. Just read it.”
about that, Dean thinks. Who gives a rat’s ass about what Dean wants, when Cas is—
Impressive. The word tastes foul. Dean thinks — he thinks, this is a nowhere-town, and its newspaper has a crime section. Dad’s 5906 is cold against the small of his back. “I better call this guy’s friends,” he says, and the third fraternity brother picks up. He gives him the bar’s address and then hangs up.
“Claire’s a little bit like you, I suppose. Although they don’t have a gender at all.” And then, as if he didn’t just drop a bombshell, he continues, “What I mean to say is, maybe you’ll like the earrings instead. You could think about it.”
Sam shrugs. “I dunno. I— I was twenty-four when you came and got me. And you started younger than that.” Before Dean can say anything, Sam adds, “And that was wrong. We shouldn’t encourage it. But I’m saying, there are other people. It’s not just us. We’re allowed to have— have lives, now. We can afford it.”
“I’ll summon it,” Cas says, easy as anything. “Perhaps we can communicate.”
“Yeah, man, I’m getting that.” Sam studies his hands for a moment, and then turns to meet Dean’s eyes. “First off. Cas trusted you, Dean. That’s what the problem is. He trusted you on this one, and you really betrayed him by lying.”
Dean leans in, forehead-to-forehead. Breathes him in, close — like this, all he can see are Cas’s eyes. “You make me happy,” Dean whispers, and even though it would be okay if Cas kept on — Dean knows how to take a compliment these days — it’s infinitely more of an emergency that they’re not kissing right now. So he closes the distance, and kisses him. Warm, always, it’s always honey-soft when they kiss for the first time in a while no matter how mad they are — oh God, his mouth. Cas’s teeth bite his lip— gentle-like, so gentle— Dean shivers as Cas’s mouth heats him up and brings him home.
“I guess. Yeah.” He’s never felt so good in his life, and what the hell does that say about him, that all it takes is Cas’s palm hot over his chest to make him feel lighter than anything. “I mean it’s. It’s good. It’s.” Dean laughs. “It’s
“Jack,” he breathes. There, in the distance: a young man. Young, to Castiel’s eye, although he looks, of course, older than he should.
. “All right,” Mary says, pulling the bag out and leaving it on the counter. Maybe she could become a cool mom who smokes grass with her kids. People do that, right? “So, breakfast tea?”
Cas pulls him off that rebar. Puts the hole in him together, puts his hands on Dean and looks at Sam while Dean looks at anything else, while Dean is still mumbling
Cas doesn’t push it, just leans back against the table as Dean gives him the last burger on the grill — food-safe, this time, none of that half-raw shit Cas likes — and turns down the barbecue so he can look back out at the rest of them, too, the girls pulling sangria out of coolers and getting Sam wine-drunk and giggly.
“Yes—” Cas pulls away to push Dean’s shirt up and Dean lets him, stands there, the two of them looking at each other with their shirts off and their pants on like a couple of idiots.
“What— oh.” Mary gets the box of teabags out of her empty cabinet. “You want another mug?”
“Hi,” Claire says, before Dean can even say anything. “Jack and I found something weird, can you look it up for us?”
“Please don’t interfere,” Cas says, solemnly enough that Sam feels a little bad over it. “Dean and I… I suppose we’ll find our balance soon.”
“What the hell is Jody, chopped liver?”
“Ha.” Dean powers back another gulp of his beer. “You been a pain in my ass since the day we met, sunshine.”
is the one who went to the Empty and back, twice, Cas is the one who’s in love with him, it ain’t— it ain’t for Dean to figure what he wants and what he doesn’t. That doesn’t make any sense at all. He asks, “You, uh. You really think that’ll help?”
Dean is manning the bar while Donnie is out back getting ice from the ice machine next to the corner that’s perfect for a smoke, and some asshole with a business bro haircut and a suit that’s too expensive for Donnie’s tries to hassle Lindsay. “C’mere,” the guy’s saying, drunk, and Lindsay walks over to within two feet of him and he starts getting grabby. “Hey. You’re pretty.”
But it’s like the plants can’t help it, growing to him. Like Cas just stretches a hand out and they want it, want him, want to be the fullest versions of themselves. They want to survive the night so they can hear Cas, in the morning, crouching next to them and saying in his deep and serious rasp, “Hello, babies.”
“I don’t,” Cas says sharply. He turns that glare on Dean. “It shouldn’t be our decision.”
“Okay,” Mom says the second the door closes behind Dean. “Dean’s gone, we don’t have a lot of— Sam. I need your help.”
Cas hitches a smile, a little scrap of a laugh, and looks at him. “I— when you let me— my fingers—
“I can’t—” I can’t look at him without seeing Cas. I can’t look at him without wanting to turn around, to see if Cas is there, to see if his coat is hanging on the handrails of the stairs. I can’t look at him without wanting to ask if he can bring him back.
Sam swallows. “I always kept thinkin’ of his— hand, in, when he put, when my soul, when he— my stomach— I dunno.” Sam shakes it off, and looks down at the place where his tattoo is. “This was nice. Like it was just… for me.”
. He said it, just like that. It’s the truest thing Sam’s ever heard. She can’t even speak. She just hears it, ringing in her head.
“I mean, you’re here, aren’t you?” She huffs out a laugh. Castiel spots Claire’s car, watches them pull up to the curb. As they get out of the driver’s side door, Kaia says, “But, no, I don’t think so. Everything that happened to me was just crap. I made myself happy. If God’s up there, he doesn’t get any credit for what I am.”
Cas asks, “Can I finish this page?”
into Dean’s mouth. And then — it’s unbelievable, as if he gets a free pass just because he’s gorgeous and romantic and the best thing that’s ever happened to Dean — Cas grins, and says, like he’s trying on a role, “Love that ass, too,” and gives him a little spank before walking to the bathroom.
Dean exhales. He relaxes his grip on the tongs. “Fine,” he says, and flips another patty.
When Dean is twenty, Sam’s sixteen and antsy, itching to get out, but Dean just surveils him even harder. Flagstaff is only two years in the rearview mirror. Dean knows what his priorities are.
So he doesn’t feel bad about dipping halfway through just to call. Just to check in. He steps out front, past the smokers, and dials.
“Nah,” Sam says, lowering his shirt almost reluctantly. “Or, I mean, I just.” He shrugs. “I like the look of these animals, and it was… it was nice to, to do something with my— especially there, y’know, where—” and Sam’s smile, for the first time, wavers. “I mean, when, when Lucifer was in Cas and—”
He passes by Sam on the way. Sam says, “Hey, did I hear Cas say he got basil—”
“What?” Dean has no idea what the fuck is going on here. “What do you mean
and locks his phone and doesn’t check to see if Cas says it back. He always does.
Cas walks into the range. He picks up one of the handguns Dean left out on the back table, weighing it in his hand. “I understand that shooting is an important skill.”
Claire snorts. “So. Yes?”
“What?” Dean snorts. “Hell no. And anyway, who the hell would wanna date
He croaks out, hiccuping, thinking of that Glock pointed at him and the fact that Dad’s Smith & Wesson 5906 is in Dean’s waistband and thinking of Brian’s slow and steady blink in the face of it all those years ago, “I don’t wanna die like this. I don’t wanna die with a bullet in my head.”
with Cas over here. “There’s something wrong in the river, about three miles from here, that’s making the dust act up.”
Cas brings his hand up from Dean’s hip to the back of his neck to pull him in that half inch, as if Dean needs any convincing at all. Not here, not now. And they’re kissing. Dean thinks he might be sweet on Cas — might’ve been for a while, actually. Stupid as shit, that he hadn’t figured it out until just now, because now it’s everything in the world, Cas’s mouth and the warmth of his chest under Dean’s chest and his fingernails scratching gently in Dean’s hair.
Castiel feels Dean’s arm come up across his chest, as if he’s barring Castiel back from a fight, or keeping him safe the way he does when he has to stop the car suddenly. “Hey,” he says, low, “you gotta— be smart about this, okay? Don’t go pullin’ some— some stupid shit, just ‘cause—”
“Yeah?” Dean tries to make it good, slides a hand down from his shoulder to squeeze his hip, pull him in by the ass to get a rhythm going, strokes him faster. “You look good, too, baby.”
Sam spots Dean in the sideview. “Let him come to you,” he says, low, “don’t bring it up, just— just find a way to let him know he’s safe with you.”
The slap is perfect, filthy with Dean’s own spit and sharp, humiliating, like Dean’s a fucking animal, and it makes him— fuck—
“Dean?” Cas asks eventually. His hand slides down to the back of Dean’s neck, massaging gently. Dean groans into the pillow, half-asleep. “If you’d… if you’d like to talk about it, I’m here.”
Kaia picks idly at the skin around her fingernails, watches the road for Claire’s arrival. “Can I ask you a question?”
if it’s still what he wants, then yeah, I’d
“Another good question. Yes, I think so.” Castiel thinks of the devastation that he, personally, has wrought on Claire and their family — and, simultaneously, the deep joy he feels now, as a human, as a human in this body. In their father’s body. He says, “To be honest, I’m a— I’m a man. I like being a man. I like—” and he smiles, thinking of it. “I like that I’ve fallen in love with someone who’s not a woman. I like understanding myself as a queer man. I think that if I had to choose, that would be my gender.”
Jesus Christ. “Okay, look,” Sam says, conscious of the fact that Dean doesn’t usually take his time when he’s committing acts of public indecency, “it’s not— I don’t know what the deal is. They might be.” And he thinks about that disastrous dinner in that strange, suburban universe, and adds, urgently, “But you gotta— you gotta be cool about it, okay? I know it’s, I’m sure it’s not something you’ve— you’ve thought about, but you need to be okay with it. It’s gonna break Dean’s heart if you’re not.”
“How long do you want me to stay with you?” Cas asks, softly, looking at his own hand on Dean’s throat.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face, sobbing, cursed all to hell with this thing inside of him that won’t let him go, this loss. Kansas sky, you’ve seen it all. Dean moved to Indiana after Stull because he couldn’t live in the state that took every last piece of his family, but no border will save him now, not after Cas. Cas will be gone no matter where Dean goes. “Were you really happy, just saying it?” he asks. “Or were you happy because you knew? Did you know I felt that way too?”
“And you’ll live long, Dean?” Cas asks seriously.
Fuck. His chest feels tight, his skin prickles, but it’s goddamn true, isn’t it. “Yeah. I know.”
Cas slips his fingers out without much to-do, and strokes Dean through it until Dean finally has to push his hand away. “Cas, holy shit,” he mutters, exhausted. His breath catches for a second as he feels it again, an aftershock through his chest. He can’t move his fucking hands.
“I might have a word to describe your gender,” Cas says.
Sure. All right. Dean, who’s never known how to stop pushing, says, “But does that mean you wanna stick around.”
. As if they-- as if they submit timesheets, as if they get paid hourly. “I’m saying— god damn it, shouldn’t we take it easy a little? Now that things are settling down?”
“I’m not hiding anything,” Cas replies, bitterly.
One day — in the shooting range, because they have a shooting range in the bunker, because this bunker was built to satisfy the Dean who knows how to settle for what he has — Cas comes down into the doorway. He watches Dean shoot a perfect circle around the bullseye.
Cas nods. “I don’t intend on making things more difficult for you, Dean,” he says.
Sam pushes Dean into his room, closes the door behind him. “I— I was gonna ask, if, if you wanted to— s’not important, man. What’s wrong?”
“Shit,” Dean whispers. He keeps his gaze forwards, tries not to— not to cry, just ‘cause. Just ‘cause Cas isn’t here. Just ‘cause he’s alone, raising Cas’s kid, raising— and for the second time, too. He did it again. The goddamn son of a bitch did it again to him, left Dean— left Dean— “He looks just like him,” Dean says, hoarsely, and Sam nods. “You know. I’m— Sam, fuck, I’m tryin’ so fuckin’ hard not to be Dad. You gotta believe me.”
“Nah,” Dean replies, instinctively, and then realizes he has to explain himself now. He looks at the gun in his hands. This gun has saved lives. Cas is older than dirt, older than time, hardly an innocent, but Dean still thinks— maybe it’s for him to carry his bullets around in their lethal cage. Maybe Cas doesn’t have to live like that. Dean never took Ben shooting, no matter how bad Ben asked. He hates seeing Claire with a gun in her hands. He hates the way Sam strips a shotgun.
It was fine, before. He was just looking. It didn’t have to mean anything.
“If he’s a threat, take him out,” Dean says. Cas glares, and he says, “What? Only if he’s a threat. I ain’t—” He eyes each of them, and says, “All three of you have died on me before. So excuse me if I’m not inclined to give the kid the benefit of the doubt.”
“Yeah, you do that, bud,” Dean laughs. He watches Sam go, and suddenly, brutally, thinks:
Generally, Dean knows he’s probably a bad influence on the “youth” (?) “queer” (???) “community” (
Claire demands a round of hot dogs after half an hour of Space Invaders. At the stand, the cashier looks over at Claire and Kaia, wrapped up in each other on their way back to their bowling lane, close as they tend to be when Castiel isn’t with them. The cashier wears a nametag which reads FIONA. “Your daughter’s lucky you’re so supportive,” Fiona says, which rubs Castiel the wrong way for a number of reasons.
“God, yeah—” Dean says, as Cas pinches his nipple, thumbs across it and fuck it hurts, it’s so sensitive it hurts so fucking bad but it’s good, too.
“Not gonna be anything new in there—” Dean says, and then cuts himself short before he can say
and that was better than the alternative, better than getting thrown out on his ass. Dean hunched over whenever he said it and always thought the wrong feeling in his chest was from the guilt, from knowing he wasn’t half the man his dad thought he ought to be.
“Shit,” Dean says, half-laughing, and then he bowls himself over with his own stupidity.
want me to stay, Dean?” he asks, firmer.
“I get it, but Cas—” Dean turns him bodily, forces him to look at him. Castiel sees his face and he thinks, you’ll love him so much. I know you will. You just have to see him the way I see him. “Hey. Come on. I don’t wanna— I don’t wanna lose you.”
“Cool,” Sam says. He stands up suddenly, and says, “I’m— heading to bed. You, uh. You sleepin’ down here?”
, with me, for you to be. Dead,” is what Sam bites back.
, because Cas subscribed to the newsletter of some indie theater out in California on Sam’s recommendation. Dean had put his arm around Cas’s shoulders on the couch, and let Cas commentate on socialist sci-fi visuals and filled in the blanks when Cas got stuck on why the hell an American spaceship would have a casino and two nukes on it, and it was perfect.
“Wait,” Cas interrupts, and Dean stands up, ‘cause that sounded important.
To fix it, Dean’ll have to get outta bed. But, Christ, he’s paralyzed by it— by the idea of doing anything he wasn’t brought up for. Wasn’t built for. Cas remade him, didn’t he, and shouldn’t it have— if it was all right, the thing that Dean is, then he shoulda come back some other way, right? He wouldn’t have come back with his broad shoulders and his stubble, he wouldn’t have come back with this voice.
“I stole some from the bunker kitchen,” Mary admits. Dean laughs, at least, and Mary smiles. “Your options are English Breakfast and… unlabeled leaves in a plastic bag.”
. “Ugh, embarrassing.”
, he tells himself, and brings his other hand up to Cas’s chest, holding on tight. “Shit.
“I suppose that’s true.” Cas smiles at his plate, carefully avoiding Dean’s eyes. Crap. “Still. I don’t— I don’t expect things to change. I don’t expect you to— to tell everyone we meet.”
“S’good,” Dean murmurs, finally sliding his eyes closed when Cas hits a perfect spot, Dean splayed out over the bed, knees spread over Cas’s thighs, wide open. “Oh God, it’s good, Cas—”
“Mary,” he calls. He walks to them, and says, “I think you tripped over something that… isn’t there anymore.”
“I know that,” Jack says gently, and Dean exhales. Jesus Christ. He didn’t even know what it’d feel like, to hear that. To know he’d done good enough that Jack wasn’t surprised to hear he’s worth something to Dean. “But I still want to help you get him back. We want to help you.”
The shock of it rings across his face, and Dean blinks back up at Cas, tears in his eyes mostly from the surprise of it than any pain, and Cas’s fingers crook inside him and Dean’s thighs jerk. “Christ, fuck,
Dean swallows. That doesn’t sound right. That doesn’t make any sense at all. He’s
push him around like he’s nothing. “Look at you,” Cas says — reverently, like he’s, like— well — and his hands grip Dean’s thighs. “Look at you.”
He hears Mia’s breathing for a short moment. She asks, “Would you like to tell me about it?”
“Figures.” Dean swirls the liquid in his mug when she hands it back, and then he sets it down on the island. “Anyway. I wasn’t much to write home about, as a kid. I was a loudmouth at school. Couldn’t hack it, couldn’t see the point of it.”
“Oh, was I?”
Sam shrugs. “You wanna…?”
in the Impala. Maybe Cas says the important things in the same few words, over and over. That’s okay. Sometimes Dean needs repetition for things to stick. He won’t get tired of hearing it.
“I feel like— hah, I dunno,” Sam laughs, “I wanna show it off. Shoulda gotten one on the arm, maybe.”
Dean hangs his jacket up on the hook just past the door, toes his shoes off by the closet, and then drops his grocery bags on the kitchen floor, exhausted. Kids. At the garage today, Trish asked him how he met his husband (Dean had sputtered, and said,
“Dean,” Cas says quietly. “I’ve found— I read this book, a few years ago. Would you like me to read you my favorite chapter?”
in red ink after every sentence Dean wrote in his essays that never could hit the minimum word counts. As if you had to actually put it into words, to explain that the whole reason Dean Moriarty and Sal Paradise end up in South America is because the US couldn’t hold them, wasn’t built for guys like that who lived strange transient frantic violent intimate lives, that if guys like that ever crossed the border back into the good ol’ US of A they’d end up dead or dying slow— but Dean digresses.
And then Cas straightens up and says, “You’re a wonderful example to the youth of Lebanon. They’re delighted to have someone they can trust with questions and anxieties that they might not be able to share with their parents. And your… colorful past means that you have advice for almost any situation.” He grins, and adds, “Not to say that your advice is always age appropriate, but it’s certainly advice. And it’s the listening that’s most important.”
“Shit,” Dean hisses. “Shit.”
“I’m very sorry for your loss.” She even sounds like she means it, which is generous for a woman Dean once pulled a gun on. “Do you want to talk more about that?”
“I know what you were asking.” Sam swallows and tilts his head back towards Jack’s room. “You were askin’ for help.”
“Brian,” Dean hisses, because he— Dean knows better than to say shit like that, and—
“Yeah, no prob.” He finally, finally bends down to kiss Cas, sets his hand on Cas’s shoulder, feels the strength of him under his skin. “And, uh. Thanks for the sweats.”
“You’re both worth more to me than the mission,” Dean says, which barely makes sense in this context, but Sam gives him a thumbs up, so that’s okay, at least.
,” Mary stresses, desperate to see Dean the way he was before, easy, open, comfortable. Right now he looks like he’s facing a firing squad. His knees are shaking, slightly, but enough that Mary can see it even through his jeans. “Seriously. That would be… honestly, that would be great.”
“Shut
search results on the engine Sam built from scratch, and he looks at his hands that haven’t killed anything today. His hands that have instead answered phone calls and poured water and chopped celery so Sam can get his vitamins and made a slow cooker roast so Jack can eat when he gets home. His hands that have clicked on every lead and will click every new one tomorrow and the next day until Cas is home.
Sam says, “I believe you.”
What. What. “Like,” Dean says, hoarsely, thinking of Purgatory. Thinking of Cas out of Purgatory, the way he’d been. “Naomi?”
“I want to—”
Sam grins. “Yeah. Okay. G’night, man.” And he leaves him to it, and Dean shakes his head at himself, wondering if it really is that easy. He thinks about it all the way until he gets back to their room, and curls himself into Cas’s body, and drifts off again, thinking about nothing at all.
Cas shifts, turns towards Dean in his sleep. A smile twitches at the corner of his mouth. He looks happy.
Dean’s mouth goes dry. He says, quiet, “Thanks, Cas.” He puts the basil in a jar of water — he
So he looks away. Out here, the sky is holier than anything else, bigger than any imagining. To his left, Sam stands upright, somehow even taller than he normally is; it’s the height of him up against the flatness of the land— or maybe it’s only his freedom from Lucifer. Perhaps he would be as noteworthy against Atlantic cliffs as he is against the Utah sky.
“Dean—” Cas turns right over onto his side, facing Dean. He puts his hand on Dean’s belly and Dean lets him, ‘cause at least he doesn’t have to see it under the blankets. He can just feel it. “That isn’t what I meant. This wasn’t—” He kisses Dean’s cheek, and Dean lets him, and he kisses Dean’s jaw. “Even if we disagree on this, I still love you, and I still enjoyed that,” he whispers.
“Could be nice,” Sam says gently. He polishes off his beer, and Dean realizes he’s done, too, barely even noticed it. He probably should see someone about the drinking problem, too, but one crisis at a time. “M’gonna watch something. You staying up?”
“I dunno, Sammy, m’just— it’s stupid.”
Dean closes his eyes, and puts his face in the crook of Cas’s shoulder, breathes him in. What else is there to say? They’re doing whatever they want.
“It seems such an unlikely coincidence,” Cas says quietly. “Perhaps… well, there have been other deaths.”
“I know.”
Right.
Dean clenches his fist and almost sends one of the patties careening through a gap in the grill. “Uh. Huh?”
“Sure, all right,” Sam is saying, while Dean just thinks of Cas when he was nowhere. Cas when he was gone. Would the dust eat him up too or would it leave behind a corpse? Would Dean have to burn him again?
“Cas,” he grunts, flopping onto the bed next to him, face-down.
Cas has a fucking bizarre relationship to his garden. Theoretically, everything should be going wrong. He overwaters all of his plants and puts tiny buds next to giant ferns that by all accounts should take all the sunlight up. Dean’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t even know what fertilizer is. The temperature drops at night are enough to kill anything more delicate than an oak.
About twenty minutes in, on a nowhere highway with the same empty country Dean spent his whole life growing up and fucking and hating himself in, Sam clears his throat, and he says, “Don’t ever do that to me again.”
“If you already had all this info, kid, you didn’t need to send me on a goose chase after everything alcohol-related,” Dean says. He’s joking, but Jack doesn’t laugh. Tensing, Dean adds, “Uh. Never mind.”
“It’s your home.”
That night, Sam catches him falling asleep on the couch, like a man who’s been kicked out of bed by the wife. In the doghouse. Not like Dean was gonna kick Cas out of their room, not when the guy’s just getting used to sleeping in the first place while Dean has three decades of experience sleeping in motel rooms and Baby’s backseat.
The sharp pain under his breastbone is more heartbreak than anything else. Dean rubs a hand over it anyway, as if the heat from his palm can fix the soul-deep wrongness.
, Dean,” he says fervently, and then leans down to kiss him. Dean kisses him back, open for him, open for anything, and Cas moans into his mouth as he comes all over Dean’s stomach, as Dean splays his hand up across his back to hold him there, close and tight and touching.
“She— she looked at me and— and she was happy.” Sam swallows, and adds, “She trusted me. Can you believe that? She— there couldn’t have been a devil in that world.”
Sam eyes him, and Dean sniffs his shirt. Yikes. He still smells like smoke, too, from the cigarette he shared with the bartender after closing in the humid summer night, on top of all the rest of it. He’d looked at Marco’s shoulders as Marco lit his smoke for him, and Dean wondered if he’d treat him mean, toss him around like a sack of flour the way Cas might, if Dean got him riled up enough to forget that he decided their
into Dean’s ear, jacking him so— so soft, and careful. If he weren’t in his forties and more fucked up in his body than not he’d definitely have another hard on, so small mercies. Still, the back of his neck is warm as he thinks about it. Thinks of Cas thrusting so gentle, right at the small of his back, against his ass, and—
“C’mon.”
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, and he risks a hand up against the one Dean has on his face. Dean’s fingers flex, and Castiel just holds him there, close, doesn’t pull him away. “It’s me.”
“Read it to me?” Dean asks anyway, because he’s a man in love, and because maybe he won’t dump the Anne Carson on the public library doorstep like he keeps threatening. Maybe Cas has got him hooked on the stuff.
“Oh.” Dean pauses. He wasn’t really— but then, how likely is it that he’ll actually follow through with an appointment two weeks from now? Maybe he should go for it. “Uh… how much do you charge?”
The best part, though, is that they do it again the next day, and all the rest after that, too.
s texted from the grocery store.
“I—” Cas’s throat clicks, and he watches Dean rub his nipple, intently. His eyes snap back up to Dean and he says, “You’re beautiful, and I want you to do what feels good. And, I want to— punish you for doing that without my permission.”
“We’re not together,” Dean croaks out eventually. He exhales. He drops the cables, and then puts his shaking hands under his armpits, and then sits down, right there on the floor, next to her TV, staring in front of himself blankly.
wear crop tops.”
Dean feels a little unhinged. “C’mon, man.”
“Well, what are we—” Mary looks between Dean and Cas, obviously getting what Sam already knew, which is that it’ll be their decision, one way or another. “What’re we gonna do when we find him?”
Cas catches his wrist. Pulls him down for a real kiss, and whispers
Dean exhales shakily. “Always,” he says, and Cas looks up, meets his gaze. Dean nods, slightly. He’s not fucking joking.
“Wow, uh—” Dean clears his throat. “I mean. Obviously, you’re— you’re still— you’re my brother.” How did he not
“Then what does it matter why?” Cas — Cas is too goddamn generous with him, Dean thinks, but he still lets Cas wrap his fingers around his wrist, still lets Cas pull him in until Dean is right in front of him, their knees knocking where they’re both half turned on the couch lookin’ at each other. “If you want me,” Cas says, the same way he said
Dean swallows. The car is, suddenly, too quiet. He wishes they were still driving. In that flat and open Kansan silence he says, like it’s the only word he knows, “Cas—”
OK, actual last thing: I’m not your kid, and you should never have had to be a parent the way you were to me. I’ll never be anything but grateful to you for what my childhood was. Yeah, there’s other stuff you’ve done to me that I’ll never get over, but I’m not talking about that in this context. We can scream at each other about Gadreel and the Mark and all that crap as brothers tomorrow, next week, whenever, but right now, as the kid you took to set off fireworks in that park for the Fourth of July, I’m saying: Thanks, Dean. You did good.
Dean looks up at Sam, who seems bewildered. “So you liked the sex.” Dean winces, but nods. “And you like Cas. And you’d— you’d do anything to keep him with you. And you want him to be happy.”
“Wish I didn’t have to be grateful for it,” he whispers, and then shuts his fucked up mouth. Jesus Christ.
He clears his throat, and says, “Hi, Cas.”
He could never explain it to anyone else, but if he were ever inclined to think about his own self, now, in his human mind, he’d lean on metaphor. He’d say: I was once a facet of a holy diamond, and I was its reflection, and I was the fullness of the stone. Or he might say: I was the white cap on a river rapid at dusk, just as I was the mossy stone under it at sunrise. Now, of course, he’s “Dad.” He chose to be a father. While Claire lands their third consecutive strike, Castiel looks at his broad hands, swallows and feels the motion of his Adam’s apple. He’s loath to take pride in Jimmy’s form, but he’s grateful to have fallen in a vessel which matches him so perfectly.
“I’ll try,” he says hoarsely, thinking about the whole length of his life stretching ahead of him, and Cas with him, at every crossroads. “I— I want to.”
Cas laughs, hysterical. “Now I know why you hated it, every time I said those words to you.”
Jesus. Dean closes his eyes once the clothes are on. He’s got no clue what he looks like.
“That’s okay,” she replies. “Seriously. All of it. It’s all okay.”
any of those things. So, Dean. What do you want?”
“Will you shut
“Oh.” That… makes sense. “Yeah.”
“That would be nice,” Mary says softly. He doesn’t turn back to her. He just walks forward, out of the kitchen, into the living room and opens up the box methodically.
Dean’s gaze catches on Cas’s jawline, then falls to his throat, then his hands. “You, uh. You gonna look at the stars?”
Dean looks at her hands ‘cause at least those don’t look like his — not like her chin, her nose, her eyes. She was a hunter before she was a mother, and some days Dean feels that way too.
Dean’s quiet. “Dude,” Sam says, once they’re sitting on the hood of the Impala in a taqueria parking lot waiting for Mom to come back out with dinner. Breakfast. Whatever. “You okay?”
“What the hell was that,” Dean says, and it comes out meaner than he meant it. Cas looks at him and he thinks, you almost died. You asshole. You almost fucking died on me again. “Shit,” Dean laughs, “at least you didn’t make a big speech this time.”
“I saw Jess.” It’s a non-sequitur to Dean, maybe, or maybe it isn’t. Sam knows it’s the same topic. “I saw Jess in one of those worlds. She was our age. My age.”
‘S just. Dean ain’t in love with the guy.
Oh, fuck. Mia stays silent. Dean inhales, and exhales, and he can hear it in his breath, the tears that’re coming. Dean knocks his head back against the wall and says, “He said he loved me. And that. That’s what.” Dean presses a hand over his mouth like that’ll keep the sob inside of him. And then he releases it once he has a handle on himself, an’ he breathes, “That’s what killed him.”
So Dean follows Cas under the sheets of the closer bed, and they pull them up to their shoulders, and just look at each other. Dark enough to be intimate, but light enough that Dean can still see him, the shape of his nose, his chin.
While their witness earns herself a hundred percent tip, Dean nudges Cas. “Hey. You okay?”
Dean opens his eyes. Cas is looking at him. His clothes are so soft. He sits down on the bed, collapses, more like, knees giving out from right under him. “Yeah,” he whispers, and blinks, fast, before he starts crying and humiliates himself. “Oh Jesus, Cas.”
Dean says, “I just— don’t want him to leave.”
Arches National Park is beautiful. It’s beautiful from the view from inside the car, and it’s beautiful from where Castiel stands under a stone arch which could rival his old form for size, and it’s beautiful even after the sweaty ten-mile hike to the geographic center of their supernatural-phenomenon-radius.
He blinks his eyes open, and Cas is there, looking down at him. His book is on his lap.
So Castiel looks at him, meets his gaze. Dean’s eyes dart back and forth, from one of Castiel’s pupils to the other. He examines him closely. He puts his hand on Castiel’s cheek, and Castiel allows it.
“Yeah, yeah, go for it.”
A phone rings. “Yours,” Sam grunts, so Dean picks up.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks out, blinking.
“Settling
Dean exhales. His chest feels like it’s caved in. He ruined it. He had it so good — had it better than he deserved, better than anything, best he ever had and he— he ruined it. “For what it’s worth,” he says, “I liked it. Everything we— I liked it all, I just—”
Then, Dean asks, because he was Sam’s brother before he was his own angry man: “What would you do? For a hobby.”
Dean snaps his eyes back to Sam.
. Dean’s heart is beating double time. Cas asks, “Do you want me to stay with you?”
But Donnie looks at him. Dean pulls out his gun, and blows a hole through the center of the phone. Then he drives home, and cleans his gun, and loads it, and clicks the safety on, and puts it under his pillow the way he does every single night, because he sleeps alone.
“Maybe.” Dean looks into his tea. “Wasn’t very— I mean, I know my way around an engine, sure. But I wasn’t very book smart.”
and Dean says, “I don’t want a bullet.”
Mia makes an agreeable noise. She says, “If you— if you’d like to talk now, I have forty-five minutes.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Claire pulls another swig of her beer and says, “I’m serious. Unclench a little, dude.”
“Dean—” She doesn’t know what to do. When he was a baby, she’d rock him in her arms. She was strong, still, even if she’d been out of hunting for at least two years by then. It was easy to hold him as long as he wanted.
He drops the boxers off the side of the bed and sits there, looking at Cas in his bed.
“Maybe brutal is a little on the nose,” he tries, “but I like it.”
means. One way or another, you better leave before I have to drag you out of this parking lot.”
Dean, obviously, doesn’t like it. That’s the worst part of it. Sam understands, but Dean hates that she’s leaving. But, hell, she just grew out of her dad’s iron grip. She can’t— she can’t live like that, surveilled in a bunker with no light.
When she’s seventeen, of course, it’s undeniably fear that keeps her wearing plaid and jeans around Dad. All it takes is a week in Bobby’s house for her to feel safe enough to risk something else. She wears shoplifted bralettes under her shirts, shies away from Bobby’s hair-cutting scissors enough times that he gets the hint. It’s an easy status quo to maintain.
Dean kisses the skin above the collar of Cas’s shirt, one of the soft too-big button-downs Dean used to keep in his glovebox in case girls—or Sam—got cold. It’s a nice deep gold color, makes Dean feel warm just lookin’ at him. “Whatcha workin’ on?” he asks, once he catches his breath from the glory of it. Cas in his shirt. Cas in his house. Cas in his chair. Oh, maybe he won’t catch his breath after all.
Cas puts his forehead down against Dean’s shoulder. “I love you so much,” he says, and Dean looks down at him. His shoulders are heaving, up and down, in even intervals, and Cas looks up and Dean realizes he’s— realizes Cas is crying. “I don’t always get it right. I know that. But how do I— Dean. Dean.” Cas puts his hand up to Dean’s cheek, and Dean lets him. “I never want to leave you. Please know that.”
“Huh?” Dean turns around, and there’s Cas with a dog-eared paperback copy of
“What, you want me to braid your hair?” Dean asks, but he’s standing up, ‘cause hell if it doesn’t sound good to not be alone right now. Sam quirks a smile, and Dean nods.
“Shouldn’t’ve assumed,” Dean croaks out, feeling stupid. Idiot. To think that an angel would want the same way a human wants, like an animal. Dean remembers the way Uriel used to talk about them. Monkeys throwing shit at a wall to see if it sticks. To think that Cas would— and with Dean, of all people, rode hard and put away wet more often than he can count. He’s a fucking moron.
“Thank you for sharing all of that with me. I know it’s hard to jump right into a therapy session.” After a light pause, she says, “I’d like to schedule another appointment with you, if that’s all right. I know it can be difficult to figure out what to do when you’re embedded in a situation, and I hope an external perspective can help.”
A knock at the window pulls them apart. Maria looks sheepishly at them through the window. Dean rolls it down, and Maria says hesitantly, “Sorry, you guys. But I think you dropped your wallet.” Dean takes Cas’s wallet through the window, and Maria waves goodbye while walking back into the store.
Not the way Dean hurt him.
deranged, Dean! What the hell were you thinking?”
Cas starts. Dean says in his ear, “Are you— is he there? Did he say something? I’m not fucking— no, all right, no, it doesn’t have anything to do with Cas, there
or whatever the appropriate phrase is here, “but look at the guy, like, you gotta admit.”
“It’s not too much to ask,” Sam says, real quiet. Or maybe it’s the wind that’s loud, howling over him. The sweat drips down Dean’s neck. “Dean, do you—”
Eventually, once Sam’s finished his page or his chapter or whatever, he turns it off. “You going to bed?”
. “Yeah, all right, won’t get fucked up on a hunt again,” Dean tries.
It’s just their mouths, and Cas’s finger just barely brushing against Dean’s thumb. It’s just the taste of Cas and something bright in Dean’s chest and the sensation of it, his tongue against Dean’s teeth. And then Cas pulls back and he whispers, regretfully, “I can’t—”
“Look,” she says. Dean’s shoulders tense. “I’m bad at— at being subtle, or waiting for you to bring it up, so I’m just gonna say it. If you and Castiel are—”
? It’s— it’s surreal, to think, and considering, and what with Dean, and— this is
“Yeah. I know.”
Cas sighs. “I don’t think so, Dean. But I can promise that I’ll fight with all I have to stay with you, as long as you’ll have me.”
And Dean remembers Sam giving him something to drink, something out of Rowena’s books, and he remembers them cutting up— he remembers that he’d had to make Sam cut up the jacket he wore the night Cas went, the one with Cas’s handprint on it, ‘cause he couldn’t do it, not even to get a scrap of fabric with Cas’s blood on it for the spell. He’d had to look away. And Dean had drank whatever it was, and it’d hurt so bad, and he remembers Sam’s face terrified over his as he’d collapsed—
Sam opens the door, but before he leaves, he says, “Y’know— it’ll work out, man. No matter what happens, it’s gonna be okay.”
“Same old,” Dean says, ‘cause he won’t give Cas the satisfaction of acknowledging that work these days is less car repair (there’s only so many cars in the literal geographic center of nowhere, after all) and more LGBTQ babysitting.
“Mm.” Dean brings his hands up to the pillow, slides ‘em under and tilts his head to the side, facing Cas’s hips under those soft sweatpants. Dean would take his jeans off, just hang out in his boxers, except for Cas is right there, and that’s— he shouldn’t do that, right? He shouldn’t.
Cas eyes him over the fridge door. Drily, he says, “I’m deciding.”
As Dean wrangles her furniture into place, Mary thinks about the big questions floating around. Everyone seems to think she should have all the answers, but she was hunting small-time stuff when it was her time. She was known in the hunting community, yeah, but that was back in the days when vampires were still the kind of thing you told horror stories about around the campfire.
Well. Anyway. What does freedom look like for Dean Winchester?
“Yes,” Cas says, turning back to the tree, “if you want them.”
Cas sighs. He slides onto the bench. Dean still can’t really look at him, as if he’ll get too used to it too quick. Ease into it, kid. “Did something happen?”
Donnie gives him free drinks sometimes. Says it’s payment for the favors, says he figures he owes Dean more than he knows. Dean doesn’t tell him he’s right, of course, just waves it all off, but he takes the drinks. They’re safe enough, because they’re payment. There’s no desire behind those drinks. Dean doesn’t go there.
Mom shakes her head. “Yeah, yes, it’s not— Sam.” She exhales. “What’s going on with— with Castiel, and Dean?”
Dean goes cold. “You heard,” he says, and he thinks,
ALSO: added warnings for homophobia (not just the baseline internalized stuff dean constantly has to work through) & some references to underage sex work.
“Not when I’m pulling a literal angel who’s miles outta my league,” Dean says, because he can’t think of anything else. The problem isn’t the queer thing, or at least, Dean doesn’t think so. The problem is that the whole thing is a fucking charade that Dean— that Dean’s holding because he— or it isn’t, maybe he is in love with the guy, maybe this is just what it feels like. Maybe Dean just isn’t built to feel it right, because right now, it feels like he’s faking it.
“Oh, look at you,” Cas says gently, rocking his finger in two knuckles deep as he slides the heel of his palm against Dean’s dick, and Dean can’t even imagine what the hell he looks like, head thrown back and hands clenched in the sheets like a pin-up. “Does it feel good?”
“All right, Eric Brady.”
“Lucky you’re the only one I want,” Dean says hoarsely. “No other damnation here.”
They browse through shelves across from each other, bumping hips in the aisle. They don’t say anything, but Dean can feel Cas’s warmth next to him, his breathing. There ain’t a damn thing he’s supposed to do except enjoy it.
“Impressive,” Cas says, once Dean takes the earmuffs off. “I’ve been wondering if I should learn to shoot.”
Cas’s brow twitches down. “It bothers you,” he says. And then he tries, “I assure you, I’m well aware of gun safety protocol.”
“You’re allowed to grieve, Dean.” Cas slides a palm, firm, across Dean’s shoulders, cradles his head with his other arm, and Dean exhales shakily. “And perhaps… this is one of the few years you’ve been safe enough to truly feel it, without a more urgent crisis over you. It makes sense that you’d be more affected.”
“You’re just taking it,” Cas says, matter of factly but it’s the dirtiest thing Dean’s ever heard Cas say in his goddamn life. “I push—” and he does push, “—and you just take it—” and Dean does, lets Cas fuck into him. Like he was fucking made for it.
Cas steps back, and inhales sharply. Son of a bitch, you fucked it up good, Deano. “What,” he starts, quiet, quiet the way he always is in the first hour after he wakes up, oh God, “what do you—”
A wave of sand cuts him off. “This the storm?” Dean yells. It’s loud. Wide open susurrus, screaming void— sand scraping over sand, coming from behind them angling towards Cas. Hot, too, the sun cutting through it like glass. The sand nips at Dean’s skin. His arms, his throat. The inside of his ears. “Shit, Sam—” Dean starts, and then shuts his mouth ‘fore the sand gets inside. He looks at Sam and blinks, and then blinks again, and then shuts his eyes as the dust comes over them, fast and relentless.
Amy shakes her head. “Nah, I don’t like relish.”
“Damn,” he says, “all right, you don’t— you don’t waste any time, huh.”
Some kid made a post wondering if his dad will kick him outta the house for bringing a boyfriend home and Dean has to— he closes the tab. He can’t read that shit. He closes his laptop and puts his head on his forearms, feeling like a real— a real fuckin’ piece of shit.
“Shit,” Dean breathes, quietly, but Cas turns around anyway. Sam isn’t there, so he’s probably out on a run, and Cas is. “Hey, Cas.”
“Real nice,” Dean grunts, and Mary sighs.
He doesn’t finish his sentence. Dean swallows. “What’re you talking about?” he asks, even though it’s obvious as all hell. They both know what he means. The cheek kisses, the touchy-feely in the kitchen, the
She looks up at him from where she’s leaned over the sink, sewing needle in hand, rubbing alcohol in one of Bobby’s mugs. “Nothing?” she squeaks.
“You are brutal,” Cas says, but he sounds so in love that Dean can’t rib him for it. “In the sense of brut. Raw concrete. Upright, and beautiful. Resilient.”
“I ever tell you I hate it when you guilt trip me,” Dean says, and Sam hears him getting back into the Impala. “I’ll be back later. Try not to expire of longing while I’m gone.”
His eyes close and Dean loses himself to it. Cas’s two fingers become three in his mouth, keeping him open, obscene, his tongue out and lapping at Cas’s fingers. Cas’s knee presses in, just a bit, against Dean’s dick and Christ, fuck, Dean’s hips jerk and his thighs squeeze, just a little, just enough to feel it as Cas keeps him in his place with that hand in his mouth, thumb catching at the outside of his jawline, God.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs. That’s what gets Dean every time, his voice, the sound of him whenever Cas says his name like that. He loves looking at him but can barely do it now— they’re so close that Cas is just snapshots: blue eyes, stubbled jaw, black hair. Cas mouths across Dean’s jawline and Dean’s head tips back, gentle-like. He’d let Cas do whatever the hell he wants with him, he would, he
“That’s what I want,” Cas says. “Now, I don’t— I don’t
, shoulders half a mile wide and the biceps to match, standing there between Dean’s legs like he owns him, his knee already half on the bed to claim his territory. Jesus
It’s like arguing with a statue. Worse, even, because at least statues don’t bitch while they’re stonewalling you. Dean blows out a breath. “Forget about it,” he says, standing up and dropping an exorbitant number of twenties on the table. “We know where it is?”
“I— look, it doesn’t mean anything—”
“You doin’ all right there?” Claire eyes him. Dean looks at the tongs in his hand. He’s gripping ‘em like they’re his last lifeline and he’s scaling the Empire State.
“Sweetheart,” he says, low an’ soft, half on instinct, ‘cause when he looked up from dumping his grocery bags he saw him, and the sight of him was enough to make Dean settle down easy. There he is. Cas. The love of his life, his partner, his beauty, his sky and stars and sea, the only person in the universe who chose him above all else. It staggers Dean, what Cas does to him, what the look of him does to the shitty squelch of muscle he calls a heart. If you saw him this way you’d have called him sweetheart, too, and thought less of it than Dean.
Dean sits in the passenger and Cas slides into the backseat like it’s normal, like they did every time they worked a case together. Dean looks at Sam the whole drive home just so he can keep Cas in his peripherals.
Cas looks at his hand, then, and Dean finally lets go of the fucking steering wheel, lets Cas slide his grip down to Dean’s wrist. He wraps his hand, gentle, around the skin just past the hem of Dean’s shirtsleeve and it— Dean bites his lip, swallows as Cas thumbs the inside of his wrist. “I want to touch you,” Cas murmurs. “I want to do everything we’ve already done, and things we haven’t thought of yet.”
not, or, that’s not the point of this—”
Sam, Dean, Cas, and Mary crowd around her kitchen island, a few days after they all get back to Kansas. Sam looks around at them. They are definitely, undoubtedly, too big to fit, but she still doesn’t have a table in her living room, and Dean’s knees are too old to manage sitting on the floor.
“Nice of you to say, Cas,” Dean settles on eventually. He swallows more of his beer. Sam shouldn’t have said a damn word. Oh, yeah, Dean knows all about it. He remembers Sam wondering aloud whether Dean might
is that they think he’s an old man with a rough past. They’re not at risk just by associating with him. The worst thing that’s ever happened to any of those kids was a sprained finger from when Juniper slammed a car door shut on herself.
Dean shudders, and waits, ‘cause Cas says important things, too, in that voice. And Cas, who has always been true in desire even if he’s been cataclysmically stupid about many other things, doesn’t disappoint.
. Whatever.”
It did. And he looks at Sam, who isn’t his kid, and he looks at the
“See you, asshole,” Sam snipes back. He hangs up, and looks at Cas. “I think he has a crush on you.”
‘Course, Sam doesn’t know any of that. Sam says, “Jesus, Dean.”
“No, I don’t— that’s not what—” A car passes by, too close, evidently, and Sam hears Dean shouting
Cas kisses him back, then, and Dean tastes the smile in him, feels it against his mouth, grins into Cas as he strokes his hands up and down his back. When did he get muscular? When did he get— when did he grow into this body, Christ, Dean grips at the side of him as Cas pushes him gently onto his back.
“Dean.” Sam looks— oh, yeah,
“You, uh.” Dean looks down at Cas, still hard. It strikes a nervousness in him. “You wanna come?”
“You did it,” Sam says. “Dad didn’t really do it at all. You’re the one who raised me, not him.”
“Uh huh.” Dean noses up to his bare stomach, presses a kiss there, lets Cas take his hand. Their fingers are tangled, now, and that’s. “Lemme take care of you, huh? Lemme just—” and he releases Cas’s hand to pull his pants down, pull his boxers down, too. He’s never been good at talking in the moment, so he just— he kisses the inside of Cas’s thigh and revels in the jerk of his muscles, the look of Cas’s hands clenched in the sheets. “Good?”
“Like this, I think.” And then Cas amends, “I’d like you any way you’d like to be. I like you all the time, Dean.”
So Dean picks an orange off the tree, and peels it in his lap, tossing the pith off the sides of the bench. Cas looks down at him, and Dean looks up, watching the shape of his mouth curl into a smile as Dean takes a bite.
Dean can’t help it. He laughs. “Jeez. Sounds like a— like a circuit board.”
Cas’s hand wraps around his dick and Dean shudders, croaks out something only vaguely resembling human sound. “Jesus
“There’s a holiness in it,” Cas continues, looking up to survey his garden like Dean didn’t even say a word, which is probably for the best. “The truth of it in me. That I was nothing, as an angel, and then when I fell I became… or, perhaps, to say it better: I came to know myself as a gay man.”
Mary looks at him. She wonders if this is what parenting him through adolescence would have been like, condensed into one conversation. If she would’ve had to coach him through grief and love and self-deprecation across ten years, rather than in one conversation. “You’re great at research today,” she says carefully. “Maybe you just— I mean, you didn’t have a lot of stability, growing up.”
“Yeah.” A few other scumbags, every decade or so, back maybe eighty years, around when the paper mill that built this town first got started. Dean’s not exactly crying into his Ben & Jerry’s over it. “Look, man. What’s done is done. It’s got nothing to do with you, and even if it did, I know who I’d pick.”
She doesn’t really know how to move on from there. She drinks some tea. And she thinks about her baby saying to her
, and Dean pushes himself down, fucks himself on Cas’s fingers because he— he wants— and Cas makes this noise, this small hurt-sounding noise and gives Dean what he wants. Gasping, Dean asks, “What do you— what were you thinking of?”
, Cas had said, like it was a good thing.
punching out of his throat. Cas pulls back, and then presses in, a little back-and-forth fuck that only highlights how fucking
to, because Cas lives to give Dean heart palpitations) and it’d just made Dean smile. Now, though, he’s— and maybe it is the visibility, or maybe it’s the illusion of permanence. When’s the last time Dean got to keep something so good?
“All right,” Claire says once they all have a round of beers and loosened up a bit. “Tell him what you told me.”
“The way you’re— Dean.” Cas reaches over to his face and Dean’s eyes float down to half mast, Dean’s body leans into it as Cas’s palm cradles his cheek. “What you’re describing? That’s what it feels like.”
“No, no. I only—” Cas turns to look at him. “Are you uncomfortable with other people knowing about us? We could— we don’t have to tell Jody and the girls.”
“I’d like—” and Cas inhales. Dean looks at him for a second. Cas, bright and brilliant and
“Hey.” He looks down at his feet, kicks the gravel up a bit. “How’s it goin’ back at home base?”
Sam peers at the X’s neatly pockmarking eastern Utah. “I’m convinced,” he says. At this point, any lead is a good lead. “You guys think it’s him? The nephilim?”
He sighs. “What can I say? It’s— maybe it’s just broken in me. The piece that— I wish I could give it to you easy, Cas. More’n anything, I wish that.” He swallows. If only— if he were a real person, the kind of person who knew how to do this, then he could make Cas happy.
The indifferent sky says nothing. “I wish I coulda taken you out to a bar,” Dean offers. “Somethin’ like the Roadhouse. With a jukebox. I woulda played it for ya.”
. There’s nothing to do in here but shoot things, and Dean just told him he couldn’t do that, and couldn’t even muster up a decent explanation as to why. So Dean puts his earmuffs back on and his bullet blows a hole through the center of his target.
Christ.
“Ugh, dads,” Mary says commiseratingly, forgetting for just a second that that’s— that his dad is her John. Oh, Jesus. She sets her tea down, maybe a little harder than she intended. “Uh.”
“I don’t need your mouth,” Cas says, stroking himself over Dean’s face, breath hitching, “I’m already—”
You get my point, though, right? Jack is Jack. He’s for himself. There’s no mission. He doesn’t have to do anything other than grow up. You need to make that clear to him. He doesn’t have a mission.
“I know, Dean,” Cas says. “I remember I thought you were so… so hopeful. You said all those things, not knowing if I could even hear you. If I was even there. And it… brought me back.”
“I— I mean, it’s, just— if you’re gonna watch it just listen to it, man—”
Dean moans around the dick in his mouth, looks up at Cas and his eyes get— stuck there. He just keeps looking, with his mouth open and full and Cas’s hips hot and trembling under his palms, fuck. He— he swallows— and Cas gasps, hitching forward a sec before pulling himself back. “Dean.”
“Cloud actually came up to me in the grocery store to ask if I was aware you had a history of alcohol abuse. They seemed very concerned.”
“Sure thing, kid.” Bobby grins. “Now gimme my sewing needle back. Don’t put that crap in your ears.”
. Dean turns the music off.
, Cas has agency, blah blah blah, Dean couldn’t give less of a shit. Dean is a rotten and angry corpse clenching his fists tighter and tighter around the broken shreds of his family. He’s never gonna grow out of overstepping his bounds. “We couldn’t do a damn thing to help Cas up in Heaven, and you know it.”
. He wiggles a little, just to assess his range of motion, and then looks over at Cas. “Shower?”
“Sh— shit,” Dean breathes, looking at Cas — still clothed, still wearing his goddamn jeans, half of his hand inside Dean already. Yeah. Yeah Dean wants another finger, wants Cas all over him and inside of him. “Both, please, babe—”
Cas pulls his hand away, and Dean can’t stop himself from leaning forward, just an inch, trying to chase after that warmth. “You’re not where I am,” Cas murmurs. “You’re not in love with me. And that’s all right, Dean. I don’t want you to change who you are. I simply—” His voice catches. Dean did that to him. “I only want this if it means the same thing to both of us.”
Cas sighs. “We should look into it, though,” he says. “I owe this place a great debt.”
He scrubs a hand over his face.
the one who fucked Cas over so bad he— he—” Dean closes his eyes. Cas, in the passenger seat on that twenty minute drive home that was too short and too long all at once. “He won’t even look at me.”
Dean closes his eyes as Cas comes all over him. “Dean,” he moans quietly, at the end of it, and fucks across Dean’s face, his cheeks, presses the head of his dick in and out of Dean’s mouth. “Profane. It’s profane, how beautiful you are. You’d tempt any of us to damnation.”
Into the heavy muffled silence of that bookstore, Dean looks at Cas. Takes in the tremble of his jawline, the furrow in his brow that smooths out as he stops concentrating on the small text.
“Well, decide before you spoil the milk,” Dean grumbles, feeling heated as he makes his way out of the kitchen. The back of his neck prickles, and he thinks— he thinks,
“What’s there to say?” Dean blinks up at the ceiling, feeling completely untethered, connected to the earth only through the heat of Sam’s palm through his jeans. Why the hell does he wear jeans in the bunker, anyway? He can— he’s allowed to wear sweatpants. Nobody’s looking. He could wear whatever the hell he wanted. But still, every goddamn day, he wakes up and he slips out of bed in his boxers and he puts on jeans and a T-shirt and flannel on top of it… for what? Why the hell does he do that?
Cas presses a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. That — that’s undeniable. Dean’s choosing not to think about it. “Thanks for letting me help,” Cas replies.
“Shh.”
“Guys,” Sam says, “hey, c’mon. Look, Cas, it’s pretty risky. We should—”
“But I’m not gay.” What.
He doesn’t feel that way about anybody else, no, and he can rectify that in his head, but this— he can’t shake it. The unrelenting sense that he’s all fucking wrong.
Cas leans down, and Dean tilts his head back, and then they’re off. Kissing. Cas’s mouth on his and the act of kissing, at least, is familiar enough. Dean’s brain shuts off, abruptly, lost in Cas’s mouth on his, his fingertips gentle pressure against Dean’s jaw. It— it even feels good, even if this is the first man Dean’s ever— and what is Cas, anyway, if he was an angel first? So it doesn’t matter. Cas’s thumb scrapes along Dean’s stubble and Dean shivers, pulls him down onto his lap with his hands on the back of Cas’s knees. “Yeah, sweetheart,” he mumbles semi-consciously, bringing his hands up to his thighs, his hips. His waist.
Dean cackles. “Your face,” he snorts, and she shakes her head in embarrassment. “God damn.”
Dean looks at Claire, who figured it out before anyone else, before Dean, even. Who said to him,
Cas slides his hand down to grip Dean’s hip. “I asked,” he says, pushing up to kiss Dean’s cheekbone, “is it good?”
Sam nods silently, and that’s that.
Dean barks out a laugh, and hides behind more beer.
He’d flicked a look up to the mirror again after that. Cas had been looking out the window, a frown on his face even as he was nodding, and Dean remembers thinking:
“Jesus, Dad—”
“Thought that was the option,” Dean says, the whole sorry feeling spilling out of him two decades too late, “as if getting what you want is always— always has a price— I don’t know, I don’t know, like a gun is all I got waiting for me at the end of the line. But shit, Donnie.” He looks up at him. Donnie reminds him of Brian, in a way, that ease in his skin that only comes from knowing who you are and the bite that comes from standing upright in the world’s wind. In another life, he’d want him so bad. “Shit,” he whispers, realizing it all at once. “I don’t wanna go out like this.”
When Cas— when Cas’s hips twitch, his thigh bumps against Dean’s dick, and it’s— it shouldn’t be enough, but it is, ‘cause Dean’s— “You close?” he asks, around Cas’s thumb, and Cas nods.
Cas huffs out a breath. Dean — sometimes he finds himself still on the wrong foot when it comes to what’s normal for people, sometimes blames it on the fact that he’s only just getting to the same number of years up here as he spent in the pit — but he thinks, if he isn’t reading it wrong, that it’s not a happy laugh. It’s the tilt of Cas’s mouth, the set of those eyes. Something is wrong. “I shouldn’t have mentioned it,” Cas says, quietly. “I’ll— good night, Dean.”
How the hell is Dean supposed to answer that question? How’s Dean supposed to, in good conscience, give an honest answer to that question, when Cas is the one finding a reason to go every other week? How’s Dean supposed to live with himself if he keeps an angel chained up in his underground bunker just by askin’ for it, huh?
, not something we just do for survival. That’s all.”
After a long pause, Dean adds, in a small and embarrassed scrawl at the bottom of the page:
“Woah,” Lindsay says, as his head rolls to the side. She puts her fingers on his pulse point and says, “Least he’s still breathing.”
“No prob, man,” Sam whispers back, rustling the sheets in his bed. “You’re my brother.”
When Dean is fourteen, Dad marches into a motel room and shoots a shtriga feeding on Sam. Dean pokes his head around the doorway after the fact and Dad looks at him and hates him. And Sam is alive. Dad’s shotgun aims casually at Dean from where it was set on the floor by Dad’s uncautious, desperate, terrified hands. And Sam is alive. And Dean thinks—
. “Sam. What the fuck.”
Eventually, Cas says, “Sometimes.”
“Whatever. I’m happy for you assholes, anyway.” She punches him in the shoulder — hard, Jesus, someone oughtta put a leash on that kid — and heads down the table to put way too much fucking mustard on her burger.
“Dean.” Cas heaves out a sigh. His hand touches Dean’s cheek and Dean blinks up at him, feeling hot all over, hot especially where Cas’s palm is warming him. “I’m— you must know that I want you, deeply.”
Mary folds up the map. She sits in the front with Sam, once they get to the car. Cas and Dean sit in the back, and no one says a word about them holding hands all the way to the first gas station stop.
. Here he is, mad over nothing, just ‘cause Cas is who he is. ‘Cause Cas likes men— unless it’s just Dean, in which case, nothing can help the poor bastard.
Dean scrolls down, tries to focus on anything else. He should be back in bed with him, instead of here, browsing through the gay panic section of the internet and curling his toes in his socks from the sense memory of Cas’s body covering his.
Whenever Dean catches himself watching Jack for something beyond him, he tries to stop. He refuses to wait for a reaction from Jack whenever he makes lunch. It wasn’t Jack who vacillated between enjoying human food and tasting nothing but molecules in his PB & J.
“I know.” Cas kisses Dean’s forehead, just about the only dry part of him, and then slides down to cuddle him. “I’m very lucky.”
“Was that
Cas’s hand slides up to the back of his neck, thumb soothing gently over his shoulder blade. Dean turns to look at him. I want to be yours, he thinks. I want to give you everything. Maybe that’s what gives Dean the gas to let it out, the way he’s never done before in his life, the way he’s never thought about it. He says, “I hate lookin’ at myself.”
, she’d said. Two days after the shifter hunt. Two days. Couldn’t even wait the Biblical three before making her move.
“What, I ain’t allowed to take a break?” Dean grumbles. “Not exactly headin’ the fire brigade over there, man. You’re holdin’ down the fort just fine.”
Even if he looks just like Cas.
“He’s right that he’s better equipped than we are,” Sam replies. “And I— I dunno. I think he appreciates that we trust him.”
“Of course I trust you,” Dean hisses. He looks so beautiful in the sunlight. Castiel would bring lightning down from the sky for him. “That isn’t— I’m saying—”
“But I— I drove you here.” It’s the most normal, human, mundane thing in the world, but he says, “It’s fifteen miles back to the bunker.”
. Thank you thank you thank you :) <3
, so he throws a forearm over his eyes, rides Cas’s hand. “Fuck, Cas, s—so— yeah, that’s good.”
“I don’t want them to call me a boy,” Sam says ‘cause that’s the only thing she can think. She can see it now: they’ll go to a piercing shop and Bobby’ll say
“Okay.” Dean shrugs. “I dunno… I dunno what my problem is, though. Everything’s perfect.”
Dean finally, finally turns around. His eyes are red, but he’s not actively crying, thank God. He stands up, and comes back to the kitchen, rests his forearms on the island since she doesn’t have chairs set up yet.
“God, I hope not,” Dean snorts on instinct, and then freezes.
I just didn’t want him to go. Every time he leaves it’s the last thing I see coming, even though it happens all the goddamn time. He wasn’t built to stick around with chumps like me, that’s for sure, and sometimes — all the time — I wonder why the hell he’s slumming it down here with us. Not us like humans, us like Winchesters. I wonder if we’re his penance. I wonder if he knows he’s already paid his debts.
“Yeah, I text her sometimes.” Kaia asks, “Can I ask, though— do angels think about this stuff? Is gender just a human thing?”
sound, subvocal, and Dean squats down to pick up the phone and just stays there, resting on his heels next to an unconscious body ten feet away from that corner between the ice machine and the dumpster. “I don’t wanna die anymore,” Dean whispers, out into the world like he’s just asking for someone to prove him wrong, and then he bows his head and he’s— his breath hitches like he’s crying, only he isn’t, there’s nothing left in him but air.
“Uh.” Dean tries not to react like a man is giving him flowers. “I love basil.” He’s an idiot.
“Cas—”
When Dean is twenty, Dad catches him with a guy just outside their motel. No funny business or anything — just Dean and Brian, who Dean hustled out of two hundred bucks in a pool game two hours earlier, smoking in the parking lot while Sam sleeps inside. They’re sharing a fifth of whiskey, and Dean makes a show of licking the rim when he’s done with his taste, and then there’s the sound of the safety clicking off and Dad’s there, cocking his gun at Brian.
not—”
“Lookin’ for a new God, huh,” Dean grumbles, because the whole thing gets on his nerves. Cas, up in Heaven for four days —
“Or to make sure he doesn’t stop Heaven’s clock once he gets the hang of his powers,” Dean mutters, but he sighs, too, yielding. “Fine. Fine. It’s a peace mission.”
“Look,” Mary says, spreading out her sturdy road map across the island, holes already coming in at the creases. A rectangle of sunlight from her open window spears down the Rockies before her shadow moves to cover it. “Locust swarm near Green River. Flood in Castle Valley. An ‘unexpected earthquake’ ripped up the northbound lane of 191 near Arches National Park.”
“I know.” Cas stands there, while the sun creeps up past the cottonwood, while the creek burbles happily in the distance, while the grass sways under them.
Jesus. Yes. No. Lonely, more like. Dean asks, humiliatingly, “Did you have to go?”
Donnie shakes his head.
part is that Dean’s the one helping her move out while Sam does hunter triage back at the bunker.
They have to buy groceries.
, he remembers, incongruously, and almost laughs— the idea that Cas, Castiel, an angel of God, let Dean put a plastic dollar store cowboy hat on him. That Cas let Dean put him through a Western marathon on Dean’s memory foam mattress, squinting at Dean’s too-small laptop screen, eating day-old pizza out of the box.
“Yeah.” Dean figures he oughtta let her go, so he says, “I appreciate this. Really. You… you take care now.” Jesus. He’s such a fucking dad.
“Uh. No.”
Cas sighs. He turns off the music. “You all right?”
“I don’t know if this will do you any good, because you live in your body,” Cas says softly, releasing him, “but I fell in love with you long before I noticed your skin, your muscles. The shape of your body.”
“Y—yeah,” Dean rasps, the— the sensation of it, Cas stretching out his rim as he, as he. It’s so big, the feeling in him. He can feel tears starting up and this is the
“We’ll wrap this case up and then head back,” Jack says, with authority, and Dean thinks of him and Claire switching off the driving in Claire’s shitty Nissan. Looking in his blind spot before changing lanes, smiling that tiny and careful smile when one of those pop girls comes on the radio. They grow up so fast. “Bye, Dean.”
Dean pauses. He looks at Sam. “Like.” What. “Like a religious service?”
Cas sets his hand warm against Dean’s lower back, stroking him gently. Dean feels it like a shiver in the sensitive skin behind his ears, like a warmth in his chest. “I could make sure to call you my partner,” Cas says softly.
, Dean thinks, and he covers his mouth with the inside of his elbow as the storm arcs over them.
Mia doesn’t seem to think so, though. She asks, “Do you actively want to do those things with Cas?”
Sam always has that in the back of his mind, even if he only consciously thinks about it every few months or so, now, decades and decades between him and that grief. When he first found out about Brady he’d stewed over it for hours, just sitting there on a motel bed thinking about it. Jess must’ve let him in. Maybe she offered him cookies, and Brady would’ve said— he would’ve said something to get in the bedroom. Maybe he told her Sam forgot something in the pocket of a sweater. He could’ve gotten away with that, too, ‘cause Jess trusted him. He was a decent guy, even after that Thanksgiving. Never crossed any lines. Built up her trust. Oh, God.
Aw, hell. Sam tries not to cry, but she just— she blinks and she can feel the tears welling up. All the women. All the women in Bobby’s family. Women like Sam. “Can we get my ears pierced tomorrow?” she asks quietly.
“You’re a girl too?”
Cas nods, like that settles it. Clearly done with the conversation, he stands up to get some tools out of the box near the bench, starts clipping dead branches off his orange tree or whatever, and Dean finally makes his way over to sit next to him, on that bench, under the shade. Cas catches the pruned leaves before they can hit Dean where he’s sitting, tossing them onto the soil next to the roots.
“I’d like,” and Cas moves to put two fingers, gentle-like, against Dean’s hole. “Is this?”
And then Castiel sees him.
“Your first problem is that you’re asking me for help rather than asking Jack what he needs.”
“That’s good,” Cas says, “because it made me want to come all over you.“
“No,” Dean breathes, pulling out of Cas’s hold, “no, no, no, you didn’t— I just— I hadn’t— I hadn’t figured it out, man. I hadn’t.” Dean blinks. Trying to put it into words, he starts, “It’s like. It’s like I don’t— I don’t know how to, to want somethin’ like… like this.” He gestures between them and Cas nods. “Never, uh. Never wanted— or, I dunno, I guess I just had this idea that. ‘Cause ‘most everybody’s still alive and, and we got the big bad, that it’d be. It’d be perfect. An’ it…”
Cas takes him north about fifteen minutes, a straight line once they hit 281, just up past the Nebraska border. If Dean knows his roads, the turnoff Cas pulls him down gets them to Cedar Creek, north of where it goes back into the ground to avoid running into Kansas. A tree here or there — but still more plains than not.
Cas is hunched over at the tiny table in their kitchen, squinting at a piece of paper through his wide gold-rimmed glasses, sitting right in the sun coming in from the west-facing windows. Dean made sure he’d have enough sun, measured out the windows when they were house-hunting and built him a south-facing sunroom lookin’ out onto the wide open plains. Dean rarely has words for anything but he has his hands, his time, and a credit card that works at the local hardware joint.
“Okay,” Dean says, and he turns his head to kiss Cas’s fingertips, and his palm. He sets Cas’s hand down on his chest, over his heart, and slides his arm under Cas’s neck to keep him close. “I believe you.”
Cas nods. He smiles. He says, “The prose is beautiful, though.”
Sam gives him a small smile. “Yeah, he wouldn’t,” he says, “but we’re free now, right?”
“Hey,” Sam says softly, “c’mon, you— you guys can work it out. I know you can.”
“Why would I joke about that?”
“I am,” she says again. “You said— the way you were talking about yourself at school. School isn’t everything. You… you kept your brother fed. You learned how to hunt. You grew up to be a man that other people trust and love. And, you’re smart. Good at research. You shouldn’t have had to do all that, but you did, and I’m proud of you for it.”
Dean doesn’t hear anything.
She turns around, and Dean takes the mug from across the island, looking up at her, and she. She swallows. There, for just a second, in his face, she saw him. Her baby. Dean. He was a little toddler — he hadn’t grown into his eyes yet. Once, John told her that he’d looked into Dean’s face the minute he was born and saw everyone, saw Deanna and Samuel and Mary and his own parents, too, his distant memories of Henry Winchester and the image of his mother, Millie. He saw all of them in Dean, like they were flicking right by one after the other, like frames in a viewfinder. He loved that boy to death.
,” Dean whines, only half-ironically, and Mary smiles into her tea.
Wow. Uh... a lot to unpack here lol, but suffice it to say that this update is entirely thanks to the incredible folks who actually commented on this abandoned WIP — even/especially those brave souls who read it THIS YEAR (when it was last updated in 2017!!!). After four years, it's probably obvious to say that this isn't my best work, but I do think it's decent enough that it deserves an ending.
Sam comes out when she’s seventeen.
“You’re not—” Sam steps back, wipes her eyes with the back of her hand. “You’re not… weirded out?”
, and Sam’s still not sure how to respond. He’s not sure if he’s okay, but he is definitely, definitely drunk. It’s great. He can barely feel his toes and no one’s around to stop him or make him get off the floor. He’s doing just fine.
Dean is going to have a heart attack.
Cas turns back to him, wild-eyed. “So I won’t leave! Dean— what did I do?” He steps forward, puts his hand on Dean’s cheek, and it— Dean wraps his hand around Cas’s wrist to hold him there, keep him, feel him warm on his skin. “What did I do to you, to make you think you owed me this? I thought we didn’t owe each other anything but—”
“As long as we both shall live,” Cas says quietly, and Dean whips his head back to look at his face.
, that’s just not on.”
Cas drops his head and nods, resignedly. Christ. As if Dean— suddenly, he wonders. Did Cas actually, genuinely want to hear a no? Did he want Dean to say,
“If you die of mad cow disease I’m calling it now,” Dean mutters, turning back to the grill. Sam will be over here any second now with a begrudging bun on his plate, and Dean’ll have to have a burger ready for him. And then the kids’ll be back for seconds, and then Jody might want another one too.
“Maybe you’re right. Maybe that
Sam eyes Cas, eating his breakfast with maybe a little too much cool. He asks, mostly to distract himself from the strange and jittery feeling in his bones, “Have anything to do with Cas?”
“Two fingers?” Cas asks, and Dean nods, so Cas spits — oh fuck, he
, Dean forgets that, that Cas could push him around like he’s nothing. That Cas
Medi—
Dean’s shoulders tense. He blinks, and his tears soak Cas’s T-shirt, and his arms tighten around Cas’s body, and Cas just takes it like it’s the thing he’s been waiting to do his entire life. Dean doesn’t know what to do with that but he just— fifteen years it’s been since Dad, and it still gets him, and the way he’d felt afterwards— the way he’d been, inside of him, in his body, the way he knew it was all wrong. Knew he was supposed to be dead.
“God, Cas—”
Castiel nods. “I’m honored to have their trust.”
“Does your friend have a name?”
So Cas hands them to him and — Dean’s heart clenches, a little, just from seeing it — he turns around to give Dean his privacy. The top is made out of the same material as his sweatpants. The neckline cut is low, and there’s a seam running horizontal across the shirt, almost like a— almost as if— the line is where a bra strap would sit, if Dean was wearing one.
, she thinks.
As always, Amy just says, “Uh huh,” once he starts in on his rant, says, “You gonna stop jerkin’ yourself off anytime soon, old man?”
Dean lets Sam go, ‘cause hell if he’s touching that one with a ten foot pole. He exhales. “Somethin’ wrong, Cas?”
“Dean.”
Cas pulls him down and Dean settles in his lap, knees on either side of Cas’s thighs, forehead against his. “Yes,” Cas murmurs, hand coming up to stroke through Dean’s hair. “What you deserve is more gentle than that. You deserve the softest love in the world.”
“Did you tell any other teenagers to take a shot before asking out their crushes?”
“No, you’re right.” Dean’s mouth twitches, and his hand comes up to cover his throat, in a way— a way that seems strangely familiar. Suddenly, she realizes: she’s done that. Once, in high school, some jocks cornered her by her locker with no one else around and she’d put her hand up, instinctively, as if to protect herself from— from being looked at. As if to say, don’t touch me.
“So, I, uh.” Sam’s mouth twitches. “Stupid to do it out here, I guess. I just, I wanted… I dunno. It seemed like that… like that was something, maybe, that— ’cause Cas was gone, and it was… it was so much like, like last time, with the, after Jack was born— when you put that, that needle in you…” Sam shakes his head, inhaling sharply as if to clear his head. Dean feels absolutely fucking untethered. He has no hope in hell of keeping ahead of this conversation. “I couldn’t bring Cas back. That time, or this time. And I couldn’t— I couldn’t make the world kinder to… Anyway. I just thought I’d. Maybe I’d pray.”
