“I, um,” Dean stammered. Damnit, Cas was the only one who could make him fucking stutter, of all things. Eventually, he just handed it over cautiously. Dean gave Cas the first sign he loved him standing in the empty parking lot of a small town, the smell of smoke hanging in the air.
Cas gave a single nod, and Dean took the volume from him with a little more care than he would have ordinarily. He held it between his hands for a moment, looking at the slightly scuffed cover, and wondering what it was that had so enraptured Cas. “All right,” he said, and sauntered off to the cashier.
“No. I wish to understand the altered state of consciousness which many humans tapped into by using chemical substances. I want to explore the experience.” Cas stared at him for a long moment.
“There’s nothing nerdy about it. It’s a butterfly, Dean.” Cas sighed in a way Dean could describe no other way than
Dean put a hand to his forehead and drew a long, shuddering breath, not meeting Cas’ eyes. The muscles around his jaw and his shoulders were clenched as if against an expected impact.
And it seemed only natural that I should say then, caressing his hipbone with my thumb, "I want to be inside you."
As he it behind him, he heard music start up, soft drums coming through the walls. He started off for the Cassette Room without a second thought. His footsteps echoed on the hallway floor, and a gentle smile spread across his lips in the dim light at the thought maybe Castiel was waiting for him after all. A joking, ‘
under his breath, as he opened the door to the Empty. Michael running at Chuck, jaw set, pushing his father into the portal. Jack's eyes glowed gold as they searched along the invisible strings of the void, untangling them, burning all the energy in the occultum inside him to set it right. Sending everyone back to sleep, filling their dreams with sweetness instead of regret. He smiled. This was what he was made for: creating peace.
"He's an angel. And the world is much safer now. I'm sure he's just working on something...or something..."
There was a flutter of wings. Cas appeared holding an esoteric-looking plant with a bee still buzzing at its top. “My apologies,” he said. “I was repollinating the Siberian flowering ferns – they’re dying out.”
Healing hands, Dean thinks with too much remorse to muster more words. Cas turns to go and Dean sinks back into bed, reaches for the whiskey and drinks until he passes out. Cas loved him like a charity case, like the fucking Siberian ferns, like a saint loves his supplicants. And shouldn’t that be enough, that selfless love of angels? But he kissed Cas, and Cas didn’t want it, and then he got mad when he’d promised himself he wouldn’t, and he fucked it up like he knew he would.
My cock was hard and standing to attention between my legs, but I tried to keep my breathing even. I wanted to understand. I really, truly, did. Why did humans connect something as beautiful as what Dean and I had done to each other with the idea of immorality?
“Yes. That’s a human custom, isn’t it? Love letters? I read about it, in the books Sam lent me. I liked the idea.” Cas said simply.
They’d been through too much together. Hell, purgatory, here and now and then and something in Dean’s gut cried out when he thought of losing Cas, again. But the angel wasn’t happy here, and maybe it was selfish of the hunter to keep him here, trying to make them both happy by fumbling through the half-life he could teach Cas about. They were happy, he realized. Sometimes. In those hidden moments, listening to music, Sam there or away, when they got lost in childlike, human things and forgot about the monsters.
“The Grand Canyon,” Cas announced nonchalantly, picking up the paperback he’d stashed in the glove compartment.
Dean’s door squeaked as it swung open, a sliver of light appearing as Cas peered around the edge of it.
He slammed the Impala door. Cas was sitting shotgun, familiar trench coat on again. Dean avoided his gaze, but he could feel Cas staring at him. Dean swallowed, gunned the engine and turned on the music to full blast. He sharply regretted it as soon as he did, but that was just his luck.
I tore his clothes off. When our bare skin finally touched, him lying on top of me, I gasped. I couldn't help it. Touching him like this was the closest thing I could get to when I had held his soul between my hands.
“Of course.” Cas set his beer on the hood of the trunk and stood with his hand poised above Sam’s shoulder.
And Dean didn’t argue, because to Cas, defying innumerable human traditions was just as simple as that –
Cas walked to the one solid wall of the greenhouse, which was a rock-face that looked like it had been hewn by hand with old tools. The greenhouse was built away from it. Dean stood so close behind Cas his chest nearly touched Cas’ back when he breathed out. Cas stuck the unassuming key into a tiny, perfectly made keyhole in the rock that Dean had barely seen. A glowing square white line appeared around the key hole, which Cas reached his hand into and drew out a box. He handed the key back to Dean, who stared at it. It looked like it could have unlocked somebody’s garage door, maybe, but an enchanted hidey-hole in the wall of a green-house temple? Not so much. He closed his palm on it tightly, still waiting for his mind to catch up with all the beautiful, strange things Cas was showing him.
When they were sitting back in the Impala, Cas running his thumbs over the smooth cover and the Beatles playing embarrassingly loudly, Dean asked, “So, do you want to-”
“I just thought… yeah.” What he’d actually thought was that angels should be able to express feelings through music too, but no way in hell could he say that now. Plus, he liked the image of Cas in his old trench, hollowing his body around the guitar, maybe singing some stupid Elvis song. “Um, I got a book, too. I’ve got no idea how to play, but I thought maybe we could… figure it out?”
Sam did his trademark mouth-shrug, but underneath he was thinking through his brother’s words. Roadtrip, huh?
“Yes, Dean.” Dean hazarded a glance up to Cas, whose lips were parted as his hand glided over his thick cock. Dean could see he wasn’t practiced, but nor was he a total novice. The thought gave him butterflies through his stomach. “Please.”
"You're warm," was Dean's only response. Cas rolled his eyes. "Solid," Dean said upon consideration. "Surprisingly muscular," he added, tracing the lines of Cas' biceps under the t-shirt hem.
Dean dreams he’s coming home late after stowing fishing poles in the Impala’s trunk. He doesn’t switch on the light before getting into bed, not wanting to wake Cas. But the bed is cold. When he rolls over onto his bed, reaching out a hand for someone who isn’t there, something wet falls on his face. He wipes at his cheek and his hand comes back black in the dim light. He licks his fingertip. It’s blood.
Dean hadn't remembered what casette was in the stereo. He might have picked a less sinister number if he'd thought beyond taking Cas out for a drive, but it worked well enough. Sometimes random accidents were good.
“I don’t expect you to say anything. I just thought… well, I can hear your prayers, Dean. Your longing.” Dean swallowed. “I thought it only fair you should know both sides of it.”
“What? “liked” you?” Sam asked, doing air quotes. “Jesus Christ,” he said softly. “You’re my brother, but you’re a friggin idiot sometimes. It’s written all over his face.” Dean blinked. “Don’t hurt him,” Sam said, frowning into the drain, as if he didn’t want to say it at all.
There were moments when he came across Cas, staring into space somewhere. He looked sad. Mostly, though, the past week reminded him of lazy summer days in a motel room in California, where Sam and him had stayed inside all day, drinking lemonade to keep cool. Hey, that was even before Dean would’ve poured a bottle of rum into it. He didn’t want to admit it, because the second he did, something would get horribly fucked up, but he was happy.
Cas took a moment to steady himself, and then he leaned ever closer to Dean. When they were mere centimeters apart, Dean parted his lips, thinking Cas was about to kiss him. The side of Cas’ mouth quirked up into a smile, but before he could ask why, Cas pressed their lips gently together. They were barely touching, just the slightest graze of flesh on flesh, and then Dean saw something glowing bright white. Cas’ breath was warm, but something cold and shining was whispering its way between his open lips, making them tingle with electricity.
Dean let out a breath. He discarded the duvet and swung his legs over the bed. The curtain was open, letting morning light spill through the window and fall onto a rather rumpled looking angel where he sat on one of the weapons trunks. “Cas?” Dean’s voice cracked. Why was Cas in his room? He didn’t remember… they hadn’t…? He took stock of the fact he was fully clothed in clean jeans and a t-shirt and that Cas was wearing his trench coat. No. Right.
He finished the stitches in silence. Dean swallowed. He probably made some stupid comment about Cas being ready to get up and at ‘em, but he couldn’t be sure. God, he’d never felt like this before. And it wasn’t that it came as a surprise, exactly, but it had come and he was just submerged in this
Cas is used to not needing to breathe. When Dean breaks their kisses to do so, Cas has to fight the urge to suck that air out of his lungs and taste it. He wants everything that’s Dean’s.
He kissed me back. He kept murmuring words in between our kisses, like ‘slow’ and ‘are you – sure?’ but I ignored them all, shaking my head when he spoke, pressing up against him. We were messy and unpracticed, like two school boys, but as we stood there, the rain pounding and shaking the roof, I felt the war, the anger, the exhaustion melt out of him. It was as though my kiss had purified him, and he kept coming back for more.
He prayed to me, while he was at that house with everything he always wanted. I don't think he meant to, but at times his longing for me was so palpable I could scarcely resist appearing before him. No. I would let him have his peace, and I would strike my devil's bargain.
When it didn’t, Dean sighed, rubbed his hair, and sat up. He swung his legs over the edge of the couch and stood, pacing sleepily across the room. Cas hadn’t left the bunker in the whole seven months he’d been here. Why would he up and leave now? Dean bit his lip. Maybe he was on the roof, or off in another room doing weird angel stuff. But the fact was, in all the times they’d slept together, Cas had never once left Dean’s side until he woke up. Even though Cas didn’t sleep.
“All right, take your clothes off.” Dean sighed, turning away and walking towards the Impala. “I think I’ve got some dry clothes in the trunk.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean asked suddenly – anything to distract himself from the fact that he was wearing nothing but boxers and his shirt, and had been all this time. Not to mention
He stops drinking as much. The lines between Sam's eyebrows when he scans Dean for dark circles smooth out. Dean feels like he got dumped without ever being kissed, but he swallows his hurt and tries to feel the same elegant readiness to separate Cas had evidently found. He doesn't miss that the note was signed 'Castiel,' not Cas, certainly not 'Love, Cas.' He replaces the poison that tries to creep up, the sense of betrayal, with a certain wistfulness. He pictures Cas flying again. Cas, happily building heaven.
the angel there in front of him, sex hair and rumpled trench coat and all, his throat would work its way open and he'd be able to say I'd rather have you. You are my apple pie life. You're what I pictured waiting for me at the end of the line.
"He's fine, Dean. And he'll be home." Cas promised somewhat more fervently than Dean thought he had any right to. "He will be."
Dean stared at him. Not that wanted to admit it, but he was gauging the situation. Was this a genuine question? A prequel to tear-strewn cheeks and shaking hands? A flight risk? He didn’t want to misjudge and end up being a dick. “You don’t. You can’t. You just do whatever seems right, what seems best at the time, or whatever you can’t stand not to do.”
SO. I have plotted out my ideas and chapters and... don't shoot... according to my calculations, there are about seven chapters remaining, including this one. As much as it will pain me to leave this fic and you, it's lovely readers, I promise you they are a good seven chapters in which things will be wrapped up, resolved and started, angst and fluff with a genuine romantic bow on top. I'm excited, I hope you like it!
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean blinked, and blinked again until the world looked a little clearer. He was pretty sure
Cas nodded slowly, a smile forming that looked like it had been carried all the way from hell and back. Which, Dean supposed, it had. It was then that he resolved he would show Cas he loved him in an utterly human way. Small things, every day. No matter how hard it’d be to battle down that wrenching fear in his chest. Almost imperceptible changes to show that damn angel he needed him.
Cas scissors them inside, mouthing his way up Dean’s cock, loving the way it jerks even at the mere swipe of his lips. A flush is spreading across Dean’s collarbones, and his lips are bitten red. He puts his hand through Cas’ hair like he’s touching a holy relic.
Cas could barely sit still, running his hands over the buttons and peering through the viewfinder, while Sam handed Dean another immaculately wrapped present. Dean tore it open with no regrets, and grinned when he saw what was inside. “Sammy,” he laughed.
They could’ve stayed like that all night, Cas staring at Dean, and Dean trying to tear his eyes away, Jimi Hendrix travelling across the guitar neck in the background. With every minute, Dean tried to push whatever this was down, to say something normal and leave. But something, something about today had broken that dam, and the water was just rising. It’s common knowledge that Dean Winchester’s never been in love. Which is one explanation why, when confronted with falling face-first into it, his only reaction was to stare.
Dean smiled and took it, letting their fingers brush. He queued it to the second song, pressed play, and music began to fill the car.
“Were you desiring, I would want to know you carnally.” Blood rushes hot through Cas’ ears after he says it, distracting him for a moment from the hitch in Dean’s breath. "But that's not all it is for me. It never could be."
Cas was crouching under the table on his hands and knees. "I can't find my coat." Dean hadn't thought a bashful glare was possible, but that was the exact look Cas directed at him then.
"No, Dean. I like it." Cas said firmly. "Maybe it's odd. It's scraped together, out of anything that would work, but that doesn't make it inferior. I think it makes it better."
But of course, it was this. He closed his eyes as the sounds of the twelve-string guitar gently strummed over him, and a single tear slid down his cheek.
It was funny, though. Dean had never once thought of Cas as being ‘weak’ for doing all those drugs. Maybe broken, because he had stayed after all the other angels left. But weak? Maybe it was true. But he could never think of Cas, any version of Cas, that way.
They sat down on red bar stools. Cas looked around curiously and Dean contemplated whether he should tell him his hair was a complete and utter mess. He decided not to. Dean grinned as he heard a familiar guitar riff starting up in the background music.
“So. I haven’t really thought this part through. We can pretend this never happened if you’d like, and go back to how things were. Or we can… see what happens and fuck the consequences.” Dean let out a startled laugh and Cas smiled sheepishly. The tension in the air was gone.
“There’s something else I have to show you,” Dean smirked, and ran a finger over Cas’ cheekbone, tracing down around his jaw before unbuckling his belt. Cas let Dean undress him, though the hunter hadn’t yet kissed him once. Cas wanted Dean, however he was and whatever he wanted. Dean let out a long breath, gaze rolling over Cas’ body. The man was beautiful. Dean pulled his own clothes off, ignoring Cas’ outstretched hands to help, and they stood facing each other, utterly naked. Dean knelt on the cold tiles. His eyes roamed hungrily from the angel’s thighs, covered in dark swirls of hair around his soft cock, up along his leanly muscled chest, pink nipples erect and begging for Dean’s attention, the delicate junction of the muscles of his neck and his collarbone, and those fucking eyes… Dean took the angel’s cock in his mouth, soft as it was, and Cas gasped. He was going to make Cas hard, and watch while he did it.
That fucking song. Cas isn’t going anywhere, he always had to tell himself when the classic rock rudely awoke him. But maybe it was from all the times Cas had vanished into thin air, leaving Dean to wonder what that pulling sensation in his chest was. It seemed only inevitable that Cas would leave again someday, even if he didn’t want to believe it. He felt like they’d built something with their lazy afternoons at the bunker, showing Cas music and going for drives. Dean swallowed. Maybe he’d fucked that up when they kissed.
“With you there, man, with you there.” Dean looked blankly at the table in front of him, and realized all the shot glasses were empty. Shit, he hadn’t drank this much in forever. Cas was talking about something, gesticulating with his hands and staring in the mirror behind the bar, cheeks flushed and hair a mess, but the words were blurring together and Dean just stared.
I'm sorry it's been forever... I'm in the middle of exams and having a severe block on anything creative whatsoever. But I promise, I will never abandon this story!
"I mean look at you. You used to be a bigshot angel... Dragged my ass outta hell. You shouldn't have bothered."
Dean paused, and shrugged. “Suit yourself.” Cas glared but made no comment when Dean put his own helmet down. He risked his life every day, why would this be any different? Not for the first or last time, slight idiocy and arrogance combined to make Dean Winchester.
Cas’ words played in his head, and he pressed desperate kisses to the angel’s shoulder, flicking his tongue over Cas’ nipples. Cas groaned. “Dean. I love you. Love having you
Cas didn’t say anything for a long time. Dean wasn’t even sure he’d heard the question, until the response came, harsh and blunt. “I want you.”
Once they were in the hallway, Dean couldn’t stifle his grin at Cas. Cas was in his familiar trench coat once more, but the Polaroid was clenched firmly between his hands. Jesus, Dean felt like he was taking a girl to Prom for the first time. Not that he’d really know what that felt like – his brief interludes at various schools had never been timed right for him to go to Prom. Which was probably a good thing, given how much he’d hated all the various schools him and Sam had gone to. Anyway, he imagined the feeling was close enough.
I collapsed on top of him, and absentmindedly licked his cum off his chest and stomach. He watched me, and ran a hand through my hair. A single bee buzzed by our heads, and he laughed weakly. "You know... You know this doesn't change anything."
Cas’ eyelids twitched, and Dean grabbed his hand. He made sure it was the one with the scar running down the palm, the one that matched his. No amount of angel magic was going to do away with that scar. Dean could have kissed him just then. Instead, he was repeating an incantation over and over again in his mind. He reached covertly into one of the bags he had bought, and drew out a milk chocolate. He winced. Girls in high school really had missed out – he would have been the best cheesy boyfriend ever. Shaking his head clear of the word boyfriend, he popped the chocolate between Cas’ gently parted lips.
"Castiel, who art fuck knows where, listen to me. I lied. And we both knew it, and pretended not to. Put on a party face for the end of the world, eh? Anyway," He paused, biting his lip. Some small part of him thought maybe if he laid it all on the line, Cas might really wake up. Like a fairytale. "You are so much more than a brother to me. Something different. Something that scares me and confuses me and goddamnit Cas, where are you?" he ground out. "I need you."
“Dean...” Cas looks like he’s approaching a skittish animal. “In your prayer, you said you needed me.”
I wished I had been looking at him, in that moment, to know what sort of look was in his eyes. What silent words were written there. Instead, my head fell back, eyelids flickering shut on the starry sky. Ecstasy pumped through me, and I came in thick spurts in his mouth. He stroked me, milking me for every last jolt of electric pleasure. Later, I found a bruised handprint on my hip from where he had held me still. He pulled off my cock, and it made an audible pop I found slightly amusing. Somehow, without his lips to steady me, I collapsed to the ground. Gravel bit into my knees as I took his face in my hands and kissed him. He was needy and wanting, pushing and rutting against me, moaning for more into my mouth.
It didn’t take long. All sorts of unashamed noises flew out of Cas’ mouth; whispers, moans, grunts, whimpers, groans; and they all sounded heavenly to Dean as he worked until the angel’s dick was throbbing and stretching his lips.
Cas found him a few hours later, a bit after seven in the morning. Cas appeared in the middle of the room, hair sticking up in all directions, light flashing off the bronze penny that lay against his collarbone. He was shirtless and wearing one of Dean's pairs of sweatpants, because that was how they slept. Dean knew he really oughta tell the guy to put clothes on, for Sammy's sake, but also couldn't bear to. "Dean?" Cas asked.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist and then, slowly, slowly, picked him up and laid him down flat on his back on the mats covering the floor. Cas’ mouth twitched into what Dean could only describe as a filthy smile as he said, “Make love to me.”
Dean had three fingers in his ass and his tongue, making sinful little movements deep inside him. He could see the faint shadows Cas’ wings cast on the ground before them, blacker than black on the floor. Cas noticed them too, and said softly, “I can’t hold them back. Can’t contain myself when you – ah, when you love me like this.” Dean’s cock was rapidly filling with blood again, and he swayed, steadying himself on Cas. Something about Cas’ words twisted inside him, bringing them ever closer together.
Cas’ eyes flickered open, staring up straight into Dean’s. He hadn’t really thought this part through. Cas didn’t seem alarmed to wake up in Dean’s arms, though. He didn’t attempt to move, and his hand remained firmly clasped in Dean’s. The pain had dulled to a low heat.
And there's just one word ringing through his ears, only one syllable stopping him from believing it all.
works through emails and specializes in paranormal counselling, both hunters and creatures. Evidently he appreciates the value of word play and cynicism, too: maybe it was the name that drew Dean in. Dean's glad it's remote: it'll give him time to think things, which he needs. Especially these days, his processing speed for the important stuff is about as fast as an Internet Explorer engine on a computer from 2003 running from a single AA battery. For instance, he's pretty sure Sam is going to bring up moving in with Eileen one of these days, and they'll have to talk about it. But he sets that aside for the time being. He clicks on
“What were you dreaming about?” Cas asked, tilting his head to one side. And it was so similar and yet so very different to the first time Castiel had asked him that – years ago – that all Dean could do was shake his head.
“No. Naomi, she was controlling my mind, calling my consciousness back to heaven under her command while sometimes leaving my body.”
Sam chose that moment to cease his humming and cough a little too delicately. “Your asthma kicking up again?” Dean sneered, removing himself forcibly from proximity with Cas and returning to his mug of coffee.
He ached everywhere and when he tried to focus his eyes, his head pounded and his vision grew dim at the edges. When he tried to sit up, his limbs went weak and wobbly and he collapsed back on his pillows with an angry huff.
He spent hours, touching my body. Making me keen and whimper. All the while, that look in his eyes; soft and sad but determined. He worshiped me, pure and simple. Ducked his head between my thighs and licked at my entrance, his hot, wet tongue drawing circles on the inside of me. Kissed every inch of me, made my skin tingle.
"-see you," he stumbled awkwardly, peeking out from under his eyelids in entirely the wrong direction. I think it was the buzzing of the bees which alerted him to my presence, because he whipped around and saw me. I sat still on the hood of his car. His jaw dropped.
Actually, he did want this to end. He wanted Cas to cum inside him, and say his name and feel the ecstasy Dean had already felt. He clenched involuntarily just thinking about it, and heard Cas groan. The angel was panting hard, saying Dean’s name under his breath. “I need you,” Dean whispered. Cas’ answering moan was helpless, and he bucked into Dean even harder. Dean closed his eyes. “I need you. Cas, need you,” he groaned, “Inside me, Cas. Need you to feel so good.” He grinned wickedly. He knew his words had to be pushing Cas over the edge, and he kept talking hoarsely, breathlessly. “Castiel. Cas. I
“That was why you agreed to do it,” Dean realized. “In the Garden. You thought you might never have a chance to again.”
up?” Dean asked, grumbling and going to stand in the corner with his hands over his eyes. “It’s not even a word.”
Cas knows better now what Dean means by that. The need isn’t utilitarian, isn’t merely sexual either: it’s a need just for Cas himself. Well, Cas thinks, almost disbelieving as he teases the head of his cock up and down Dean’s crack, perhaps miracles are possible.
Dean knelt with his back to Cas, letting Cas suck a trail of red marks down his back. Cas sure was fond of hickeys, and fuck if it didn’t feel good. “You gotta open me up,” he said, remembering Cas didn’t know how to do this. “There’s, ah, lube in the drawer,” he gestured, distracted by Cas cupping a hand under his balls. He waited, wishing he could see what the angel was doing, while he heard the pop of the bottle cap. A second later, he felt the cool, slick press of Cas’ finger as his entrance. He moaned, surprised at how good it felt. Cas went slow, and Dean knew he must be wearing that pondering expression. The thought twisted his lips into a smile.
The bullet landed just outside of the bullseye circle, and Dean smirked, altogether too pleased with himself. Cas canted his hips back, cheeks pressing firmly through their layers of clothing against Dean’s dick. Dean growled, and disentangled himself from Cas for a moment. Cas wasn’t nearly distracted enough. “Don’t turn around,” he ordered, making sure Cas could hear each individual snap popping open on his shirt and then the slow drag of his zipper as he stripped. Cas stayed frozen in the same position as Dean shucked off all of his clothes and took the time to neatly fold them before placing them on the table. Dean walked slowly back to him, his cock curving up to his stomach. He wasn’t as hard as he could be, not yet, but just watching Cas standing there, waiting for him, it made his penis twitch and his heartbeat thrum in his throat.
“I just –” Dean rolls his tongue around his teeth. “You’re like, this ancient cosmic entity. And I’m some guy. I mean, you’ve got your full strength back now, if that grace holds. I’m just...I’m so much sm-smaller than you.”
he was to me. My exposed member twitched at the feel of his breath on my neck, and I heard his breath hitch in response. Blood flooded into my cock because oh, I
Cas smiled and nodded, following him down the hallway. Sam was eating a sandwich by the cooler. He gave Dean and Cas a knowing smile that Dean didn’t like.
“How do you want me?” Dean asked finally. And he meant it. Anything Cas asked, he would do. Cas gazed up at him slowly, seemingly struggling to form a reply. “How do you want to come?” He rephrased the question, and Cas let out a sigh of relief, before abruptly shoving Dean back against the bed.
but he carefully ignored it. He swiped a blue leather jacket from deep inside his closet after donning his own familiar brown one. He eyed it, making sure it was the right fit. Dean had never worn it – a chick had left it in the back seat of his Impala after a one night stand, but it had been big on her and he was pretty sure it had been her ex’s. Not that he was going to tell any of this to Cas, of course.
“I got them from an antique pawn shop, but it was operated by white witches,” Cas admitted. “They’re beat-up, but magically unbreakable. I thought that might be useful given-”
Dean swallowed. He’d had a lifetime of jerking off in motel showers while his brother went out to get breakfast. He knew how to come quick just as well as he knew how to make it last. So in response, he just lifted Cas up before letting him slam down again. Cas’ head lolled with pleasure for a second, his wings still outstretched and shaking, and then the strangest thing happened.
He pulled his fingers out, and he heard Cas trying to quiet his whimper of loss. The angel knew what Dean was about to do to him. Dean gripped his cock at the base and lined himself up, hunkering over so the branches of the tree didn't hit him in the face. He slid in too fast, and Cas groaned in a mixture of pain and pleasure, but Dean couldn't stop. Cas felt too good. They were crammed together with forced intimacy, kneeling on Cas' trench coat and low to the ground. Branches and needles pressed against Dean's back as he thrust in and out, loving Cas' cries of pleasure. He took the time to make sure he was hitting Cas' sweet spot with every thrust; neither of them were going to last long.
“So let’s just be clear here. You are point blank asking for my advice on something.” Sam sounded a little too smug.
Dean drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. “Huh,” he said. “That’s kind of…profound, I guess.” Sounding intelligent – Dean Winchester’s specialty.
“Yes,” Cas whispered, and his voice sounded strained. Dean tried to blink his eyes open, but they ached as soon as he did so. “Don’t,” Cas murmured shortly, and a cool, dripping cloth was laid across his eyes, encasing everything in a layer of cool, black velvet. Dean twitched his hand from where it clutched the blanket, looking for something, reassurance, warmth, maybe.
Cas silenced him with a stony glare. “Dean. You may not understand now, but what I did – it was the right thing. I have finally paid for the death and destruction I caused. I have been judged by my brethren and I – I have not been found wanting. The punishment was not an injust one.”
“To me, physical forms aren’t necessarily impediments to intimacy. It’s only a different way of experiencing the same thing.” He admitted in a low rumble, “It’s a way I’ve grown rather enchanted by.”
“Cas,” Dean said through gritted teeth when he couldn’t take it anymore. Cas’ eyes snapped back to him, intent once more. He sat up, kissing Cas hard, biting and sucking his bottom lip. “Fuck me,” he whispered. He’d never thought he’d be doing this. Ever. Like, really, ever. On the rare occasions he’d wondered what having sex with a guy would be like, he’d always thought he’d be the one on top. He’d always thought, fuck, wouldn’t that hurt? Somehow Cas made everything different though. It wasn’t about the fact he was having sex with a guy, or who was on top or who was on the bottom, it was just about him and Cas.
Twenty-six candles later, the room was basked in an orange glow, and Cas was sitting on the edge of the bed, eyes dark and glimmering eagerly. The candles, Dean absentmindedly realized, smelled like roses. No wonder the lady at the check out desk had chuckled when he bought two sets of thirteen. Whatever.
"You know, it occurred to me tonight that there's one thing I don't want to die without doing." He straightened, and cast about as if looking for something to do with his hands. I didn't understand for a moment, not until he grabbed the lapels of my coat and pulled me towards him, our warm bodies flush through our clothes, and kissed me. Not roughly, but deeply. My hands came around his shoulders, scarcely daring to believe this was real. I moaned unashamedly when he flicked his tongue into my mouth and knotted his fingers in my hair. Never, in all my days on Earth, had anything felt so
Dean thought. “Caught me out. Fine. I don’t know, man, you could have been kidnapped by demons or something, cause I couldn’t see you.” Dean rolled his eyes, quick to dismiss the situation by handing Cas a beer. The angel opened it with his bare hands, and Dean smiled.
Cas was kneeling down on the dock, running his hands through the water. Man, he was like a kid in a giant trench coat. If it had been Sam, he would’ve shouted something along the lines of, Get your ass over here and help me unpack the trunk, but instead he let the angel sit by the lapping water.
he thought blankly. “You like watching me, huh?” Dean asked, tone dirty as he ran a hand over Cas’ hipbones and thighs, touching him everywhere but where he needed it.
Dean glared. “Mope?” He was pretty sure he and Cas would have had other things to do. Like endless, sweet, sticky Christmas marathon sex. He sighed internally. There were those plans out the window. He was glad to see his irritating fucker of a brother though, he reminded himself. “So, the ship wasn’t angel warded, huh?”
Dean grinned. “I think that can be arranged.” And he pulled Cas on top of him, relishing the solid weight on top of him. They kissed hotly, grinding against each other, every heightened sensation sending thrills through them. Dean came with his jeans around his knees and boxers not much behind, still mostly clothed, sent over the edge by the rough strokes of Cas’ hand. Cas wasn’t far behind, rocking into the hollow between Dean’s hip and his stomach, shooting come over their chests.
Cas smiled a little. “I was thinking,” he began. “About humans.” The silence stretched on. “Their lives are so brief, so fleeting – and yet they seek a connection between themselves. And though they will die, they believe this connection to be permanent, they
Cas’ eyes lit up, and he followed Dean down the stairs. Sam was kneeling by the latest attempted victim, saying, “Yes, the Devil is real, but you don’t have to worry about him. Yes, really.”
“Row, please...it’s Cas. I’ll do anything. You can put me through the whole nine yards of torture again if you need it for, book-keeping, or whatever.” But he shudders at the thought.
Cas slowly propped himself up one elbow and turned his blue eyes on Dean. He seemed to be contemplating the idea deeply, expressions warring for dominance on his face. Dean thought it must be pretty apparent to Cas, who knew him better than anything, that the intimacy Cas had previously described was now something he
When Cas looked up at him with blue eyes darkened with lust, though, he caved. The angel was kneeling by his feet, and Dean knew he’d have his way with Cas just as soon as Cas had had his.
He felt Cas’ weight shifting on the bed next to him and then arms wrapping around his waist, hesitantly pulling him closer. Dean let out a soft, incoherent sound which was probably meant to be something along the lines of ‘finally’. He closed his eyes and melted into Cas’ warmth, dark and sweet, letting the circles Cas rubbed on his back lull him to sleep.
Dean started, because, well, that seemed logical. He’d jogged up and down the hallway to his room, fumbling for the present he hadn’t thought he’d give Sam for ages to come, and the one he’d secreted away for Cas. Now he tossed Sam the mediocrely wrapped package, and watched impatiently as Sam opened it much too neatly, tearing in straight lines and peeling the tape away. A box fell out of the wrapping paper, and Sam’s face colored. “You’re kidding me, right Dean?”
There was a man, at Camp Chitaqua, who played guitar. There were only a few songs he could play with the strings left on the only guitar, and fewer that he remembered. I sat and listened to him sometimes. There was one song in particular, only a fragment of which he played, that I always paid attention to. I thought that somewhere, in the midst of the war around us and the confusion within, I might find an answer in that song. Dean would've laughed if I told him that.
“Trust me,” Dean pleads. “Remember. You said to me, what’s real about all this, we are. You’ve got to come, and you’ve got to come quick. Please.”
He isn't telling Sam, of course. That would mean admitting he'd been right about all the herbal tea and feelings crap all along. Not gonna happen. But in the quiet moments when Sam's out on his second run of the day, or the days he stays at Eileen's, Dean sets his resolve and starts looking. After a few days of phoning up old contacts and poring through the monster-and-magic-friendly parts of the internet, he finds someone good.
Rolling his eyes, Dean went back to kneading Cas’ shoulder muscles. His jeans were far too tight by now, every minute sign of Cas losing control making him harder. He pulled the collar of the shirt down so he could suck a bruise on the back of Cas’ neck, gently biting down on the muscle there. Cas hissed sharply. Dean rocked his hips against Cas, his erection pressing up against Cas’ ass. “Shoot.” Came the command again.
Cas started fumbling with the buttons, not quite meeting Dean’s gaze. Dean rolled his eyes and picked up a whiskey bottle. “Here, drink some of this. Oh, and, uh,” he said with that slapdash grin which usually means he’s had a bad, quickly formed idea, “Just listen to this, instead of you know, focusing on the needle going through your skin.” Cas sat on the edge of the bed, afternoon light filtering through the window onto his bare shoulders. Dean cleared his throat and took a hot, damp washcloth, sponging it gently along Cas’ wound.
“I know you didn’t want me like that. But I – I can’t help it. You know, at first, I was scared of you. You pulled me out of hell, told me you could throw me back in. You were so much bigger than anything we’d ever faced, but kinda...electric. Like I wanted to be close to you even though it was dangerous. But then we fought together. Two piss-poor soldiers with deadbeat dads. That was okay, that was good. It was when you turned on us, when the Leviathan got your ass, that I realized how bad it hurt. I kept your coat ‘cos I didn’t know what else to do. And then you came back, but you kept on
“You’re too good at this,” Dean murmured behind him, nibbling at the back of his neck. Cas let out a surprised sigh. “I think we need to test how well you can shoot with distractions.” Cas stiffened and gave a resolute nod. A smirk played on the corner of Dean’s mouth as the next song started up.
“Depression.” Cas seemed to be thinking about the word for a moment, and then he continued, “No, nothing so… rigorously predestined. I merely mean that there’s the possibility for both.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll let you get back to your sex-fest. Thanks. Y’know,” Dean grumbled. “Hypothetically.”
And once he started, Dean didn’t think he was inclined to stop any time soon. He panted out a litany of
Finally, Cas’ eyes flickered open. His mouth twisted in a lazy half smirk. “What do you want to talk about?” As an afterthought, he added, running a finger down the center of Dean’s chest, “Haven’t we already said everything there is to say?”
Dean regarded the angel with an unusually tender expression. “Yeah,” he said finally, a little too proudly. Cas rolled his eyes and rested his forehead on Dean’s shoulder. It was only when the water started to run cold that they reluctantly dressed. “You ready to go?” Dean asked, making sure that their hands stay firmly together as they walked barefoot through the bunker.
“Wait for me inside,” he said to Cas with one crooked eyebrow. Cas’ eyes narrowed for a split second, but then he disappeared. Dean stood alone, rain soaking into his clothes. Turned out there was a storm back in Kansas too. Dean walked around the car and lifted the trunk of the Impala open. Valentine’s Day arsenal – check. He grabbed the duffel bag containing what he needed and strode inside. Sam had damn well better not be home tonight.
, he might have acknowledged that it was actually kind of awesome. But he was, and he just said angrily, “And I reiterate, what the fuck?”
“I’ll get you something from the kitchen,” Cas offered, getting out of the bed. His shirt was rumpled, hair tangled, and there was something curiously bashful in his eyes.
“Well, that’s not strictly true. I knew this a long time ago. But I’d like to confess something to you.” Cas’ dark eyes gave away nothing, just fixed firmly on Dean. “I love you.”
Sam returned a few days later, with more than a few comments about the pile of joints Cas had left on the kitchen counter and the bullet-hole in the combat dummy on the far side of the shooting range. Despite the snarky comments, Dean could tell that his brother was in a good mood. In lieu of that fact, and the way Cas had been staring wistfully out the windows at the sunny day outside all morning, Dean suggested a trip to the lake nearby. The one where he’d tried to teach Cas to fish. Sam, once dragged out of his book, agreed, and Cas flopped into the back seat without a word. Dean packed their gear – the fishing rods he’d found in the Men of Letter’s basement, various types of bait from the fishing-and-gun store forty minutes away, Cas’ polaroid camera and guitar (hey, Dean figured he wouldn’t be fishing), folding chairs, and a bottle of sunscreen. Not that he really planned on using that – after so many scars, he figured his skin ought to be tough enough to stand a day in the sun.
Dean shoved me away. All the breath went out of my body as I stared up at him in disbelief from the floor. He stared at me for a moment, and turned away. I thought he was going to leave me there then, a heap of heartbreak on the floor. But then, something in the curve of his shoulder and back melted, and he walked over to me. I gazed up, unsure whether he was going to hit me - which is probably what he thought I deserved - or scream at me to get out - which is what he should have done - or kiss me. Which is what I wanted. Tears glistened in our eyes, and he could scarcely meet mine. Then he knelt down by my side, and in a voice thick with everything he hated to feel, he said, "Damnit, Cas."
Eventually, Cas lifted a trembling hand to wipe at his cheeks, running the other through his hair. A few dead leaves had fallen in it. Dean wondered just how long he'd sitting in the woods outside the bunker. A harsh laugh startled him out of his thoughts. Castiel stared straight at him, face twisted even as he laughed. He sighed, and turned to watch the ground nonchalantly. Dean didn't recall walking the ten paces that had separated them, but he stood above Cas, puzzling at the ache in his own chest that started when he realized he had not a damn clue why Cas was crying.
“Yes. Do you know he built that Greenhouse, Dean? Our Garden? He designed it to give faith to lost souls. He is a good brother.” Cas looked at his hands for a moment before continuing. “I told them what I could – explained it, to the best of my ability…” he trailed off. “I only got two words out.”
“I-” he swallowed. “Something like it.” The answer seemed to satisfy Cas, resulting in a small smile.
Cas woke up to Dean Winchester rubbing a hot, damp washcloth over his torso while holding a rose between his teeth.
“Vodka, tequila, sarkey.” Dean informed him as he drank. “Figured we gotta fix that. In the process you’re gonna try every kind of alcohol they got, which will probably only get you half drunk.”
The wind started to blow, and more leaves rained down. Cas tilted his head to look up at the sky, reaching out to briefly touch the leaves as they drifted by. A small yellow one settled in his messy hair. He clasped an orange one, holding it up to the light, blue eyes all aglow. It was at that moment that Dean put a name to the breaking sensation inside him. It was right then that he fell in love with Castiel.
When nothing happened, Dean changed tack. If this was Cas’ last chance to hear him, even if he didn’t come back, Dean needed to say his piece. Silent, now, he prayed, ‘Look. I can’t do it without you. I go mad every time I’ve tried. You – you were
Alcohol pumped through his system, making everything buzz deliciously. Cas smelled like whiskey and rain, and it was only then that Dean realized he didn't normally smell like whiskey, but he always smelled like rain. Funny. Dean grasped Cas' cock, and jacked him hard and fast. Cas let out a strangled moan, and he could feel how close the angel was. How close they both were. The angel was so tight and wet, and Dean could hardly stand it. Cas' muscles started to clench, and Dean whispered in his ear, "Wait for me, angel." The nickname came naturally now.
The idea was touching, if a bit strange. He stepped over the threshold of the doorway, and his jaw dropped.
Cas fingers lifted his chin up, smoothing his eyelids down when Dean tried to open them, and kissed him, soft and slow and sweet. And Dean was bursting with everything he wanted to say, his heart thrumming
Cas flows closer to Dean, rustling against him until his mouth finds the shell of Dean’s ear. “I love you in every possible way. What I wanted, what I couldn’t have, it was you. A life with you. But freely given, not because you owe me something or need something from me.”
In fifteen minutes sharp, Cas strode into the garage. Dean tossed the jacket to him. “Suit up, leave the trench coat here.”
Dean kissed his cheekbone before delving into the duffel bag at the foot of the bed and withdrawing a bottle of lube. One of five or so. OK, maybe the lady at the checkout counter had been fully justified in laughing at him. It paid to be prepared.
'I just need you to save me this one last time. Please. I need you.' Dean waited. He’d thought long and hard about what to say, about what he thought Cas would listen to. Judging from the angel’s self-sacrifice, one last mission was what he might wake for.
It was hovering on the edge between spring and summer, and sunshine peeked intermittently through the rain showers. Dean was drying the dishes from breakfast, focused on slicking water away with the fluffy plaid towel. The monotonous task gave him a chance to think, and the thoughts which rose to the surface unbidden were mostly concerned with how the Winchesters, demon-hunters extraordinaire, had both become romantic saps.  He set a cup on the drying rack and picked up a plate. He wouldn’t go back to how it was before, that he knew. A squirt of soap. Working it up into a lather. Maybe now, they were actually –
“What? No!” Dean said, much in the same tone he’d used while insisting ketchup was a vegetable. “I mean, we’re not gonna dress up and go door to door asking for candy.” If he hadn’t known better, he’d have thought Cas looked a little put out at that. “But that’s not what Halloween’s about. Follow me.” He parked the par expertly before stepping out into the cool street. It seemed pretty quite, but then it was a damn small town. The teenagers were probably having dodgy parties and the kids were in bed by now. Cas followed him without question as Dean cut through someone’s back yard, through a row of trees and into a field.
Cas plucked another chocolate out of the bag, testing eagerly to see if it had been a fluke. Dean opened a can of beer and took a swig, closing his eyes. “See, I was reading the other day… and it turns out that Shared States spell we did was a little less of a one time thing and a little more of a bridge.”
“You and Eileen?” Dean asked later. Snow was falling again outside, threatening to surround the bunker and block them in. It was night time, and the whole room smelled like pine, and Cas had his nose pressed to the glass, watching the black night sky swirling with white flakes.
Cas signed something at the bottom of the paper and set it down gingerly, pausing to let his gaze linger on it for a moment. Then his eyes were all on Dean, and he practically launched himself at the hunter. Dean grabbed onto him tightly, kissing his deliciously bare neck as Cas whispered, “Yes, Dean, please, Dean.”
Dean tore his jeans and boxers off, letting out a short sigh of relief. When Cas looked up at him, still waiting, he took off his jacket, shirt, and t-shirt. He knelt gently on the warm ground, sitting back on his heels. His dick was throbbing, begging for him to touch it. He wasn’t used to being naked like this, wasn’t used to being watched instead of being touched. Jerking off in front of an angel. How exactly had he gotten here? “Take your shirt off,” he asked thickly.
Silence. He squeezed Cas' hand, probably too tightly. "There, I said it, you bastard." He swallowed. "Not to mention jumping in front of me when I had it covered. That's what got you into this mess in the first place, y'know." He dropped Cas' hand. "Goddamnit," he said, and reached for the bottle of whiskey.
An hour later, after doing damage control in the rest of the bunker (most of it, thankfully, seemed limited to his room), he came back into the room. Cas’ eyes were firmly shut and Dean let out a small snick of laughter.
“What about other senses though? I mean, not everything can just be “molecules”.” Dean said, doing exaggerated air quotes. He refused to admit he was getting pretty damn drunk, and ordered about five more whiskeys.
Dean considered telling him that if the chair wasn't charcoal right now, Cas would still be in a coma. Instead, he said, "I'll build you another one." How hard could it be?
They untangled from each other and then Cas was kneeling in front of him, propped up on his elbows like a goddamn birthday cake. Dean let out a low whistle, before spreading Cas’ ass cheeks with his hands and plunging his tongue into Cas’ entrance. “Fuck,” Cas moaned. Dean chuckled darkly, the vibrations making Cas keen. This was damn near the dirtiest thing he’d ever done – no, this
“No. This,” He waved the now completed book at Dean before setting it on the bed, “is a tragedy. Sit down,” he invited.
, opening Cas’ belt and unzipping his pants. The front of the black dress-pants fell open, exposing a sliver of Cas’ black boxers. (Dean had insisted that only virgins wore white ones, and that had been the start of a rather odd trip to the mall.)  Dean licked his lips as he saw that Cas was already obscenely hard, a spot of pre-come staining the front of his tented boxers.
“Dean,” Cas broke away, a little breathless. “I didn’t finish. And I believe it’s customary to have an exchange of rings.”
Dean gazed in awe at the man – the angel before him. “I love you,” Dean said breathlessly. “Every. Last. Part of you.” He punctuated every word with a thrust, deeply now, pulling out and then slamming all the way back in. Cas’ eyes flew wide, and his lips made an O shape.
“But last time Cas stole grace from an angel, it was finite. It burned out. Like an organ transplant that didn’t take or something.”
Dean slept for a while, pinned under Cas’ comforting weight and he woke up in the middle of the afternoon grinning like an idiot. Cas was still out cold. Dean gave a small sigh of satisfaction. That had been the night of his life. And, from gauging the destruction of the room, it had been for Cas too. It was a frickin’ miracle his guns hadn’t all gone off while they were having sex.
“Muscle mass, huh?” Dean slid down to the floor, looking around the room. It was tiny, with stone walls and the usual weapons dotted on the shelves. If anything, they looked a little bare. “Whatever.” He took another sip of his beer. Cas didn’t seem particularly chatty.
“I already have one,” Cas pointed out, his fingers coming to rest against the lucky penny Dean had given him. “And it has the Enochian sigil for protection carved in the back, by the way. Which makes it more useful than other pennies you might offer me.”
Cas laughed, a low, rumbling sound that vibrated through his chest. Dean put a hand to Cas’ chest, fancying that he could still feel the vibrations travelling through his skin.
He made quick work of unbuttoning Cas’ shirt and letting it fall open, tugging gently on the haphazard blue tie once. He skimmed over Cas’ torso before starting in on Cas’ back in earnest, massaging the muscles there. Cas let out a half cut off groan. Dean took him apart methodically, working up to his shoulder-blades, where he pressed open-mouthed, wet kisses through his shirt. Cas’ hand twitched on the gun. “You OK?” Dean asked, serious for a moment. The last thing he wanted was to get his head blown off while giving Cas a killer massage.
Cas is alive, he knows that much. When Jack had let Amara go and they'd stood in the middle of that suddenly-busy street, she'd cupped Dean's cheek and said, "I brought him back for you." She'd smirked, then said the following words like an inside joke from a foreign language. "Go get him, tiger." Then they'd vanished, gone off to run the afterlife and to mingle with the raindrops or whatever (although Dean had a few suspicions Amara might wind up digging Reno again soon enough).
me, oh,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut against the unimaginable feelings. “It’s like I’m holding your soul again and you’re holding me and Dean,” he rambled. Dean was losing himself in the wet heat of Cas, and everything blurred together. His touches on Cas’ skin, Cas kisses, the words Cas wreathed around them.
will be decided by a further Tribunal – heaven, hell, perhaps even Purgatory. They thought that was a punishment,” Cas laughed, tilting his head up  to gaze at the ceiling. “They thought that having my grace spread through the earth, the trees, the flowers, that that would be a waste of a seraph. And to reduce my essence to a human soul, instead of the vast, expansive, celestial scope – they thought they were shedding dishonor on me.” Dean blinked. “I suppose, from their point of view, they are.”
wanted Cas to watch him take it. He moaned, “Cas,” his voice breaking halfway through. Cas met his gaze evenly with lust-blown pupils, and Dean jacked himself faster. Precum leaked from the tip of his dick, and he let his head fall back as he slicked it over himself. When he opened his eyes, Cas was looking at him, a look that would burn straight through lesser men. He’d stopped writing, and while one hand still held the pen, he’d reached into his jeans and was palming himself through his boxers with the other. It struck Dean how silent it was. “Cas…” he whispered hoarsely. “Cas-Castiel.”
“Like this,” Dean eventually said, when he noticed Cas was still staring at the box. He brushed his hands over Cas’, guiding him through ripping the paper at the corner. “Just rip it off, man,” he said, retracting his hands and expecting Cas to follow the example. Instead, Cas gently unfolded the paper, occasionally tearing when it was necessary, but mostly unravelling the whole thing with his fingers like it was a puzzle. Not unlike how he looked at Dean when he was about to take him in his mouth, Dean thought.
Dean closed his eyes as he recognized the song. “Perfect,” he told Cas, when the angel reappeared, fumbling around in the pocket of his trench coat before drawing out a joint. Dean still couldn’t quite believe they were doing this. He reached for his lighter, and lit up the end of the joint barely, letting it smolder to a cherry red glow. Cas watched with intrigue as Dean brought it to his lips and inhaled, fighting the tickling urge to cough. Dean reached up and tilted Cas’ chin up to him, marveling at how easily the angel surrendered to his touch. He leaned down, Cas parting his lips obligingly, and blew a sweet puff of smoke into Cas’ mouth. Cas inhaled and held it for a moment before blowing it out.
“Turn around,” Dean ordered softly. Cas obliged, and Dean licked his lips. He ran a single finger down Cas’ spine, reminding himself that he had to take his time. He cupped the cheeks of Cas’ ass in both hands, parting them gently before innocently licking the pink furl of muscle. Cas whimpered, and Dean started in on his sweet, sweet work. He thrust his tongue in and out of the tight hole, before stopping to wet one of his fingers. He put it in slowly, enjoying the sharp hiss it produced when he found his mark. He started in on a come hither motion, circling around Cas’ prostate.
“Is this okay?” he asked, once had stopped trembling, once Cas’ warmth had washed through him and he knew it would ruin him to let go if Cas said ‘no.’
“Oh.” Cas thought for a moment, then put the box carefully to one side and leaned forward, capturing Dean’s face between his hands and kissing him hotly, licking and biting at his bottom lip. Cas’ hands were in his hair, roving across the back of his neck, and then – oh. Dean stared up at the greenhouse roof, flat on his back. Then Cas was on him, straddling him and mouthing at his neck. Dean moaned at the sudden change, and reached up for purchase on Cas, something to hold onto. Cas ignored this, but took Dean’s hands in his and contemplated them for a moment before kissing each of his wrists and putting them down again. Dean frowned, but Cas kissed it away, their tongues sliding over one another. Dean could feel himself getting hard under Cas’ weight across his lap, and Cas rocked against him, earning a quiet cry.
Dean grinned. "Wanna do it again some time?" It was at that exact moment he remembered Cas knew basically every crappy movie ever thanks to Metatron, and most definitely knew what lending someone your jacket hinted at. Way to make your best friend think you're romancing him. Dean knew exactly what Sammy would say -
They’re moving on. That’s what grown-ups do, right? Every piece of media that Metatron downloaded into his mind tells him it’s true.
After Dean made a feeble attempt to stand and failed, they crawled to the nearest cherry tree. Cas leaned back against the trunk, and Dean collapsed against him, lying between his legs and letting his head rest against Cas’ chest. The white petals around them were a blur as Dean’s eyes half-closed. One of Cas’ hands rested firmly around Dean’s waist, while the other worked its way all across him, as if Cas was assuring himself that Dean was indeed all right.
I let my eyelids flutter shut, drinking in the feeling of his hot breath on the bare skin of my neck. This would be the last time I would feel it, I thought sadly. I wouldn't kiss him, not if he didn't want me to. "It's all right, Dean," I said. "But I'd like it if you just explained-" The feeling of Dean's soft, warm lips on my skin silenced me. I let out a quiet moan, y
“His soul was so bright when I first saw it in Hell. Even tarnished with sin. I guess my blasphemy started early.”
Dean was half afraid he’d be angry. “Not all the time. Only when we’re together and I say the incantation.”
“Right. Okay. Good. Great. Sorry, then, about that.” His voice is clipped, and he’d sworn he was going to be better to Cas, but he couldn’t help it. He felt like he was about to cry.
He bucked his hips against me like a wild thing, and I held onto him tightly, sliding my hands over his bare skin. Eventually, he stepped back for a moment, eyes drinking me in hungrily. I stayed where I was, my arms left to rest over the hood, chest heaving as I lay on the car staring him steadily in the eyes. He came back to me, and sucked and bit and lapped at my skin, leaving curious red marks I could only just see in the dim darkness. He worked his way across my torso with his lips, laughing when I shuddered at the way he toyed with my nipples. He sucked at them, wet heat before his cold teeth twisted groans from me, soothing with kitten licks, and then moving ever lower. He kissed my lean muscles, the curves of my body, until I was a moaning wreck beneath him.
“It’s cool, Cas.” Dean Winchester was good at getting what he wanted. With a lazy teenage sigh of epic proportions, the guy went through the Staff Only door.
He whistled on the way to his bedroom. An empty bunker was good news. He swallowed. The door was open and the third song on the mixtape he’d made was playing.
“There are so many more places,” Cas said, “But the sun sets early, and I want to take you back somewhere before it does.”
“You and Cas finally got your act together.” Sam was still looking at the plates in his hand, but he worked slower now.
“You know, I listened to the Tom Petty song before I went to heaven. It was beautiful, Dean. To think that when you spoke to me that day in the woods, I didn’t know what you were talking about,” he laughed a little. “I heard this song-” he gestured around, and Dean grinned. He loved this song. When he’d been hunting alone and hadn’t had enough money for a motel room, he’d had to sleep in the Impala. He’d fallen asleep to this song most nights. “It was on the radio in a Gas ‘n’ Sip while we were on a hunt a while back. It just
out, they stuck sharply. It made him angry at himself. He wanted Cas to hear those words, hoarse and shaky but
Final chapter up tomorrow! I know, I know, part of me doesn't want it to end either, but some things are meant to be. Stay tuned, my lovely readers!
After a long stretch of time, Cas sat down next to Dean. His brow furrowed. He turned to Dean and in a determined tone, said, “I love you.”
It was the last day of summer, and Dean was… what was the word, exactly? Not uneasy. Not flustered. Restless, maybe. Ever since the day he’d played Cas Bluebird, things had felt a little different. Cas stared longer and harder at him than usual. Sam cleared his throat and smirked. And Dean spent a little too much time thinking how him and Cas oughta head out on a roadtrip, just to show Cas the country. Nothing had changed, he told himself. Sam was tracking down a hunt, and they’d start off tomorrow or maybe the day after. All three of them – Sammy shotgun, Cas in the back seat. Nothing had changed. Really.
Jack is strict on the no interference policy, though. There will be no showing his wings to restore the broken’s faith, no alternate timelines created to show how much difference one life can make. Cas understands why Meg called him Clarence, now. He
Dean’s first response was anger flooding through him and a thick, “I would never.” His second response was also anger, but directed at himself rather than Sam. Sam only had to say that because Dean had a long string of love em’s and leave em’s. Because he probably hurt Cas more times than he cared to count. “Things are different now,” he said through his teeth.
“Fuck,” Dean says, and flips Cas on his back. Dean doesn’t kiss him, though. Dean laughs into his chest. Cas’ heart, which beats only out of strict necessity, flutters. “How dumb can we be.”
“Please.” Dean said. “Look, I know you and Jess… Anyway. Even if you and Eileen are nowhere near there, you wanted a regular life. Y’know, wife, picket fence, fancy suit, lame car. I think the normal bit’s out the window, as is the picket fence. But… just, take it, OK?” Dean growled at himself inwardly for not being able to put it into words. He wanted Sam to know that someday, he would love some girl as much as he’d loved Jess, and likewise, and that when that happened, Sam oughta have Mom’s wedding ring. Why was that so hard to say? He looked up, and noticed Cas staring at him intently, head cocked to one side.
Cas looked firmly up into his eyes. “Dean. It was justice. For all the people I’ve killed. It was hell, absolute hell, which I
I remember when it all started. When we came here, I was still an angel. I didn't need to sleep. I spent the days on patrols, healing the sick, and walking in the forests. The nights, I spent watching over him. Memorizing the curve of his back, so much more peaceful in sleep than in waking. Sometimes he would cry out, nightmares of fire raking through his mind, and I would go to him. Clasp his hand firmly and whisper words in Enochian until he calmed. Other times, he would wake, look at me, and blink. Once he muttered something hoarsely about taking my damn coat off and sitting down. I'd never thought of that before.
Dean blinked his eyes open. Sure enough, above their heads was a sprig of mistletoe he was positive hadn't been there before. "Sneak," he muttered before claiming Cas' lips.
The spell was said to work best in conditions of spatiotemporal congruence, where timelines could align most easily and the veil between what was and what will be was thinnest. That was how the Winchesters found themselves in an abandoned barn with blown out lightbulbs in Kansas. Dean was shaking.
“And in such a cheesy way,” Sam grinned. It’d been a long time since the brothers had gotten drunk for fun, he realized. Mostly it was a coping mechanism. It was good for all of them, having Cas at the bunker, he decided.
"Thank you." Castiel studied the jacket a moment before shrugging it over his shoulders. He let out a low hum of approval. Dean eyed him, glad he didn't know that was straight out of every chick flick ever. He didn't want the angel to misunderstand the simple lending of clothes as something else. There was something else to it though; he wanted Cas to have the full experience. And that meant leather jacket, driving in a kickass car listening to Credence, watching the world go by.
Cas reluctantly lowered the book. His eyes were puffy. When he didn’t say anything, Dean asked, “Hey, buddy, you OK?”
“Although I must admit, it was a beautiful experience.” Cas planted a kiss in the hollow of Dean’s chest.
When he came back with two fully functioning fishing rods, though, Cas was sitting on the rocks, staring down into the water like it was a miracle. Dean cleared his throat. “Heads up.” He cast both rods into the water, before handing one to Cas and sitting down himself. “Now you wait for a fish to tug on it.”
Cas stilled against him, letting Dean draw him backwards into his lap. Dean shut his eyes tight as one of Cas’ butt-cheeks brushed his cock. “Dean,” Cas said as their skin brushed together. Dean ran his hands over Cas. He’d fuck the angel, he’d make him scream and moan, but not just yet. Now he’d kiss Cas through his after glow. “I love you,” Cas said softly. “I didn’t think it was possible to love anything this much.”
Cas caught the coat clumsily, eying it and seeming to approve before shrugging it on. Perfect fit. Dean tried not to notice how it matched his eyes.
Of course. Cas’ whole trip about the one thing he wanted but couldn’t have...he really was an angel through and through. He probably just wanted Dean to get some self-esteem, or something. Like any good friend would. Hence the whole speech.
“Yes. When angels die, their essence returns to Heaven, not as a being exactly, but the energy which was contained in their grace fuels Heaven. Mixes with divinity. They’re not meant to have any retained sense of consciousness. When I die, the energy from my Grace will spread through Earth. My being, my consciousness, will be reduced to essentially a human soul. The fate of
“Carolina. I wonder if his lover is there,” Cas mused, obviously distracted. He was absorbed in watching the light fall over his hands, smiling when he wiped sweat off his face.
“Pretty sure you had me at Camp Chitaqua too.” Cas blinked for a moment in surprise at the innuendo in Dean’s tone. “Didn’t do you much good.”
way? You know, involving a certain Nephilim child-God of yours? Demons aren’t the only ones that go to the Empty when they die, darling.”
"I do... feel things, though. Angels don't, not really. That's why Anna chose to fall. I'm not really an angel, or if I am, I'm fallen. Broken, maybe. Dean, what am I?" His voice cracked and a tear welled up in his left eye.
“Don’t.” Dean growled. He circled a finger slick with lube around Cas’ nipple, watching as Cas’ head fell back. The angel was silent. It might be Valentine’s Day, but fuck him if he was gonna spend it being compared to flowers.
He thought. Cas had been right. He smiled to himself as he walked along the halls, checking all the rooms on the left side of the corridor first. He’d get the ones on the right side on the way back.
Dean watched Cas fumbling through a box of Christmas ornaments, a curious yet happy expression playing across his features. It was two weeks to Christmas now, and Sam wasn’t home. Dean refused to worry. He had to let his little brother take care of himself for once, and trust him.
Dean smiled, but it felt like his face was cracking in two. He wasn’t sure what the emotions roiling in the pit of his stomach were, but they felt an awful lot like guilt and happiness and sadness and the strangest disappointment all in one.
When Dean had taken his first swallow of ice cold beer, and Sam was gazing up at the gently glowing Christmas tree branches, Cas interjected, “I heard an exchange of gifts was customary.” He stumbled, as though he was afraid he might be wrong. “I was, erm, unfamiliar with the concept, so I hope…”
he thought as Cas moaned against his lips. And their foreheads pressed together when they broke apart murmured
That was what Sam had read to him on a website about ‘coping with PTSD’ after Cas had died. Dean hadn’t listened: he wanted to keep seeing Cas in any way he could, even if it was mentally scarring.
“Well, leaving aside the sins, you’ve probably suffered enough to be qualified as several saints. But I kind of make the rules about that now anyway. They were pretty old-fashioned. But Dean...the Empty has a contract on Cas, on his essence itself. I can make him his old body to bring him back into, but there’s no way it will let him go. If you go in as an angel, after dying, you’ll just fall asleep.”
Sam started leaving food outside the door. The door was never closed, just stuck at the half open position. Still, Sam kept his distance. He offered to watch Cas a few times, but other than that and the mysteriously appearing food (and coffee) all was quiet. The protests Dean had expected at him sitting by Cas all day didn't come.
“But I don’t quite understand. The reason he’s travelling all over is to find the girl of his dreams? Someone he loves, something like that?” Cas squinted in the suddenly bright sunlight.
Dean took Cas by the hand, and led him wordlessly to the shower. Cas broke the silence only once Dean had unbuttoned his shirt, to ask, “Dean, why are we in here?”
Cas laid a hand to his chest and frowned in concentration. After a moment, he shook his head. “You couldn’t feel that before?” He sounded almost… put out.
“What is it you wanted to show me, Dean?” Cas was once again wearing his beloved trench coat, albeit thrown over Dean’s old jeans and a rumpled black t-shirt. Cas sounded a little miffed. Maybe he was upset the hunter had interrupted him in the middle of his crying session. To think that an angel got moved by sad literature.
He’s slid down in their mixed-up embrace to Cas’ chest, where he hears his heart beating. It’s when Cas says, “Hello again, Dean,” that he breaks down into tears. First he cries violently, fingernails nearly tearing at the nape of Cas’ neck. Then he cries like a child, and Cas cards a hand through his hair, and rocks him. All he can say is, “Thought I lost you,” and then he cries silently, until he feels wings wrap around him.
The buzzing died away, leaving Dean rigid in shock. He bit his lip. He looked at the wall; anywhere but Cas’ wide blue eyes, cheeks dusted with half-light; and said, “Meet me in the Impala.”
Dean closed his eyes. So that was that. And Cas was completely right, totally and utterly, and he goddamn knew what a dick he was being when he said, “I don’t remember.” With an implied,
“So, take him to a book store or something. Just… I dunno, watch him browse for a couple of hours. Or maybe a poetry recital. Or… uh, I, gotta go,” Sam said, sounding suddenly distracted. “You should, ah, bring him flowers…” Sam trailed off.
“Talk to me, Cas,” Dean said, drawing back thoughtfully. “You’re a fucking poet now, apparently,” he said glancing at the lengthy letter. “Talk to me,” he asked again, his breath hot on Cas’ skin.
Dean wants to crawl inside that low rumble of a voice and curl up there forever. Delirious, he says, “Yes.”
“Well, I – yeah.” Dean took a hand off the steering wheel, running it through his brown hair. “I don’t know anymore. I used to. But other stuff, it’s more important. I can’t have a normal life, and I know that now.”
Dean dropped his gaze. In the face of all of it, he couldn’t be angry. Maybe at the angels, but not at Cas. “You were brave,” he said hoarsely, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder. “So brave.”
Cas’ fingers leave Dean’s body, and he bit back the impatient moan. Instead, he watched Cas slick up his cock, taking in every detail of the heavenly being before him. Cas lined himself up and let Dean wrap his legs around Cas’ waist before pushing in fast. He didn’t give Dean any time to adjust before he pulled almost all the way out, only the head of his dick staying inside Dean, and thrust back in again. Dean clung to his lover, jolts of electric pleasure flying through his body at every thrust.
“Well, I-” Cas threw his arms up. “It’s just the same as before. Except this time I’m broken.” The anger swirling low in his gut evaporated, replaced by a horrible sinking feeling. “You don’t need me to help you.” Cas’ bottom lip twitched. “You didn’t trust me to save you or that girl; why would you? I’ve done nothing but break since I got here.”
“I understand now!” Cas’ eyes lit up, and the corner of his mouth turned up affectionately as he gazed back at Dean.
It happened, every now and again. It wasn’t like Dean Winchester’s crash course in rock’n’roll minus the sex and drugs was really going to fix an angel’s existential crisis. The signs were becoming all too familiar. Silence which stretched beyond the usual, clasping and unclasping his hands as he stared off into space, lip occasionally trembling and refusing to meet Dean’s eyes, those were the signs. Dean didn’t have any fucking idea what to do. Cas had taken to locking himself into distant rooms of the bunker when he got like this, and it took Dean hours to find him. Once he did find him, Dean just stood there, unable to say anything. More often than not, he slid down the wall to sit on the floor next to Cas, sometimes letting their shoulder brush. There was something so profound about Cas’ sadness that Dean didn’t dare to touch it with a witty hello or a shot of whiskey.
Sam laughed, a small, private laugh. Dean and Bob Seger, huh. Cas and he stood awkwardly on the passenger’s side of the car, each knowing the other usually rode shotgun in their absence.
“All right, Sammy! Finally losing your virginity, good on you.” Dean grinned. While Sam’s departure was unexpected, he was equally glad that he and Cas would get to have some alone time.
He could almost hear the eye-roll on the other end of the line. “Well… he likes poetry, doesn’t he?”
Dean circled his tongue all around the pink flesh, making it glisten with moisture, before he thrust it inside Cas. Cas moaned loudly, the sound velvety and filled with desire. “Dean…” he said, as if only just remembering he was meant to be talking. “You know you break me apart when you do this.” Dean’s eyes came wide open. “Make me come undone, and Dean – oh, Dean,” Cas breathed as Dean circled his tongue inside him. “I love it,” he gasped quietly. “Love you. Fuck.” He should’ve known Cas talking dirty would be something unexpected, but this – well, fuck.
“Hello, Dean.” Dean strode up to Cas, more confidently than he felt. While Cas stood facing the steep drop, Dean sat on the edge of the wall, facing the opposite direction. “I do hear you,” Cas said slowly.
Dean took a step closer. “You explained once that angels aren’t hardwired to feel, they’re just meant to be soldiers. And I’ve seen your wings, your grace. You’re full on divine essence of holy fuck, you know? But you… feel things…” he blinked. Those words didn’t come too easily to him either. “More deeply than anyone.”
The shot rang out and struck once more in the center of the bullseye. Slightly miffed, Dean trailed his hands down and up under Cas’ shirt, tracing over the bare skin of his stomach. He felt the curves of Cas’ lean muscles, up, up, counting each one of his ribs and dipping the pads of his fingers into the hollows between them. Cas’ eyes had half-fallen closed, but they shot open when Dean pinched his right nipple. Dean let out a low laugh and gave the same treatment to the other bud of flesh. Cas set his jaw as Dean touched his nipples, feather-light, teasing. “Shoot,” Dean murmured again, and watched as the bullet made a hole just to the left of center. “Not bad, Cas. But I’m only just getting started,” he said, his voice a low promise.
The second he prayed for Cas, sought him out in this spinning mess of their souls, it changed. What had before been far removed from his physical senses snapped back into place. The same misty, abstract, shining comprehension of their consciousness’ mixing together remained, but all his physical senses returned.
Dean sighed happily into Cas’ black hair. “Yeah.” He muttered, before stepping back from Cas and placing Cas’ hands back where they had been. Cas rolled his eyes, and they moved together around the room again. It was better this time. The tension had gone out of Cas’ muscles, and they moved almost in sync. Dean had to admit he adored this, even when Cas accidentally stepped on his feet. He was pretty rusty, too.
“I’ll stay.” Cas said, pressing his lips together like there was more he wanted to say. “But I think I should go.”
It didn’t occur to him until later to label it as love, but what he did know was it was strong, and it tugged on his heartstrings until they might break and it felt a lot like being ripped apart and put back together at the same time and fuck, this wasn’t meant to happen, but it was.
He wondered. And that sent a twinge through his side, because Cas never got irony, and Cas wasn’t here. He was gone.
“All right.” Cas stood stock still, listening intently before breaking into a smile. “I like this song, Dean.”
Cas looked up at him, and Dean saw he wasn’t the only one crying. “I’d be honored,” Cas said. With that, Dean took the ring which still rested in the palm of Cas’ hand, and pressed it onto his ring finger. Cas grinned and wiped a single finger across Dean’s cheek. He collected a tear that was about to fall and lifted it up to the light, studying it like it was a piece of heaven.
Ways he sees it, he has two options. Billie told him that whenever he died for real, the new Death would toss him out into the Empty. That, or he could become a demon again. That way might have less strings attached when it came to the escape.
“She wrote about bees,” Cas said simply. Dean had noticed, over the past few weeks, Cas copying poems covertly from a book about that size into a notebook he’d scrounged up somewhere. Although Sam and Cas seemed to have a ‘my books are your books’ philosophy, when something was a gift it was a little different, and he suspected Cas still wanted to be able to read his favorite poems from the book.
“Come on,” Dean said. “I’ll drop you off at the hospital for those scratches,” he gestured to the lacerations all up and down the man’s arms. “Sammy, ride in the back with him,” he instructed. He didn’t want to have to bear the brunt of all the man’s bewildered questions. He slid into the Impala, and Cas hopped easily into the passenger seat behind him, looking a little bit smug. Dean rolled his eyes, and fast-forwarded blindly on the cassette tape in the stereo. He was going to find the next song on his mixtape – not only because it contained a confession, but also because it was a promise of what they were going to do as soon as they were alone. And it was just the right kind of music Sam had learned to tune out over the years, so he wouldn’t be listening too closely. Perfect. Dean gunned the engine, and drove smoothly forward onto the road.
Cas glared in response. Dean frowned. They’d talked normally in the car. Cas surely couldn’t be mad because he’d gone to blow off a little steam. “You OK?”
“I was gonna take you out for breakfast or something,” Dean said, walking alongside Cas as Cas trawled through the aisles, running his fingertip over the spine of each book he passed. “But then you don’t really eat… And I thought maybe a movie, but half the fun of movies is the popcorn and-”
In the Empty, there was nothing but space. Nothing keeping Chuck and Amara together any longer. They were asleep, like everything else in this place. Their bodies split apart on the floor that looked like a dizzying drop into darkness, knees knocking together, ankles crossed. Dean closed his eyes and called to Amara to wake her.
“This. All of it. I… Well, I appreciate it.” Cas was staring at his hands, and it occurred to Dean that the angel looked shy. Dork.
But then, the slight frown melted away from Cas' face and he smiled. Someone who didn't know him wouldn't have recognized it as a smile, per say, because it was so small, but it was there nonetheless. "I know." He said, his voice husky with the morning.
“If no one who wants to kill me catches up to us, I’m going to live forever. Isn’t that strange? Not once in my millennia of existence have I thought that way. Mortal things, they’re born, and they light up like a fire, and they change and make mistakes and they live and they die. I’ll just be here. Watching the universe until it ends, I guess.” Cas let out a soft laugh. “Strange.”
It wasn't like he wanted them to be some Hallmark family, or like Cas needed to know all the values of 'Un-attached Drifter Christmas'. Aside from these facts and the one that Cas was the relationship he'd had over three weeks, Cas meant a whole fucking lot to him. In America, when somebody meant something to you, you bought them too much chocolate and stupid cards with hearts on them and you decorated your bedroom with candles in the hope of getting laid.
And Sam let him go, his gut twisting, because after so long, hadn't they learned that lesson? He shepherded out Jack and Michael and, with one last glance over his shoulder, stepped through. His first breath of air in this new world of free will was sharp and cold without his brother, but it carried possibility, too.
He pulled away, wide-eyed, and Cas turned, nestling himself comfortably back in Dean’s arms to admire his handiwork.
“Well, I never learned I guess. Dad wasn’t really one for music lessons. Not everyone makes music, Cas.” Dean realized that he’d never seen Cas’ hair or stubble grow out before, except in purgatory. He’d assumed it was part of that control over his vessel thing. Maybe Cas was letting it grow out, just to see what it felt like. For some reason, the thought made him feel… warm. It was a weird feeling others might have labelled as affection.
“I’ll admit,” Cas said haltingly. “That I was considering this action when I first came here. When you found me that day. At the time, it would’ve been a suicide mission, lying across the divine train-tracks. You showed me something better – not only the ways of humanity, but your ways, which I became…” Cas trailed off. “Rather pleasurably enraptured by.” In spite of everything, Dean’s lips twitched up into half a smile. “I started thinking, though. Maybe it was when you asked me if I missed it, our essences mixing together, in a way which ordinarily they can only do on the metaphysical planes – Heaven and Hell, not Earth or Purgatory. Maybe it was before that. It made me think just how much I would lose of you, when you…” Castiel steeled himself. “Died.”
Cas’ face. He didn’t even have time to think over whether he should be worrying about it before Sam grinned suspiciously widely, dropped his duffle on the floor and announced, “It’s about time.”
Dean catches sight of the curtain tearing itself apart, and fluttering across the room in tattered shreds. He comes between them, spattering ropes of cum across their chests as he cries out. He can feel his hole spasming around Cas' thick cock, and every thrust is too much, overpowering waves of bliss threatening to shatter him. Cas breathes, "Dean," and then his eyelids flutter shut and he grips Dean tight and loses himself. Dean feels hot cum spilling inside him, and gasps at the sensation.
When he blinked, and a single tear fell onto my hipbone, I shoved his head away. I found my clothes on the floor and dragged them onto my body roughly. I could feel his eyes on my back all the while.
Sam and Dean were alone in the kitchen. Dean dried the dishes as soon as Sam washed them – Dean had cooked dinner, and they’d had charred apple pie as dessert. Dean had insisted Cas ate some, and he admitted there was a faint taste left from – he hadn’t finished the sentence, but Dean knew it was because of the spell they had done. It wasn’t much, but he could still taste and smell, just a little beyond molecules.
“Okay. Yeah.” So Dean leads him, half-asleep and with a side of the shakes from whiskey withdrawal, up to the roof of the bunker. It’s worth it for the way Cas’ eyes go wide when he sees the moon. Dean sits against the wall and watches Cas spread out his arms and spin around. “Sure am a goner,” he muttered with a heavy awareness this would all be less easy in the morning. It was already less easy. It had started the second he let go of Cas, because he didn’t know how to ask how to touch him again. How did one even begin to ask those things?
Dean waits, standing and swaying, until it’s just the two of them again. He eats something Sam shoves at him before heading down the hall. Jack vanishes with a promise to return. “Do you need anything?” he asks.
Dean swallowed, watching where Cas’ long fingers rested by the trigger. Fingers capable of such amazing things. They curled around the guard surrounding the trigger like they were made to sit there. Cas stayed silent, waiting for Dean’s next command. Dean knew this was important, knew Cas had to be able to defend himself now that the lethal part of his mojo was gone, but on the other hand… there was something irresistible about the way Cas obeyed him without thinking, to a flawless execution. The way he blindly trusted Dean to position his hands in the right way.
While that seems like a damn shitty explanation to him, Cas said, “Well, I suppose there are so many random outbreaks of happiness, spikes of creativity and pleasure in the human race, that perhaps it’s all on a balance.”
I stayed silent, my mind still tracking on what he had said earlier. I could still die, tomorrow. So could he. We were at war with heaven and hell.
Sam paused. “More like by the time I got there she’d broken out and ganked all the witches. But I’m officially allowed to call her now.”
happy. It’s such a foreign feeling that for a long time, he doesn’t know how to make space for it in his chest. But every time Dean walks in the room, it comes whether he’s ready for it or not.
“And you said my jokes weren’t funny.” Dean lifted it up so Cas could see, a gracefully lethal knife, with a dark mahogany handle carrying the word
Music slowly began to fill the room, and Dean focused on Cas. Just Cas. Clean that smear of blood, there. Go easy there, the skin’s torn. Bruise there, standing out from the rest of skin. Skin, there, then more muscle than he’d expected, then bone, and inside there somewhere, angelic grace. The task was simple, just patching up a friend. But the way he went about it was like an artist, mending something broken, making sure it was just as beautiful as when he’d found it. The slow, steady movements of his hands didn’t even give him time to question that he’d just thought of Cas as beautiful.
And that was just the kind of argument he could’ve convinced himself with before Cas had come to the Bunker. Before everything between them. He could’ve brushed it off, found himself a case and drowned the spasm of pain and worry in a waterfall of whiskey. But the things that had passed between the two of them – Cas knew he loved him, needed him, goddamnit,
“Um, OK.” Dean was silent, staring at his boots. “And I promise I’ll tell you everything I know.” Cas waited. “Just not today.” Cas read all those romance novels and tragedies, didn’t he know what love was about? Maybe he really was that clueless about human emotions. It struck Dean then that Cas probably didn’t, couldn’t experience love like humans. “Look, let’s save love for another day, huh?” he laughed. “I don’t know about you, but I’d just like to watch the leaves fall.” Watch you watch the leaves fall, he mentally corrected.
He kisses Dean, long and dirty and slow, and ruts against Dean’s hip until he’s hard. Then he pulls Dean’s hips to his face and licks his hole, spearing him open and getting him wet until Dean’s cock is twitching to life again too. Dean pants. Cas uses his grace to open him up, a warm, relaxing push that has Dean shuddering against the pillow.
He thought he knew Cas pretty well, I mean hell, they’d been through Purgatory together. But when he remembered that Cas had been alive since the beginning of universe, he realized how totally out of his depth he was trying to help Cas.
“Okay.” He grabbed my hand, stroking his thumb over the knuckles. His lips twitched like he was trying to say something. “Cas… keep this just between the two of us, yeah?”
Dean guided Cas back against the pillows at the end of the bed before pushing him down with a firm hand to his shoulder. Cas’ eyes screamed how ready he was, how willing. “Just because you started on the goddamn rose thing again,” he whispered, “I’m gonna drag this out.” Cas smiled a little, and Dean turned his face away with one side, kissing along his jaw. Down to his collarbone. Licked circles in the hollow between the two bones and nipped at Cas’s neck. He ran his hands up Cas’ torso, toying with his nipples. Cas’ gasps were sharp, short, and sweet. Cas’ skin tasted like rain. Dean worked his way down Cas’ body, kissing the inside of his wrists and elbows, the curve of his shoulders, all along his torso down to his left hipbone. That’s where Dean made the first mark. Cas whimpered, hips rocking up against Dean’s lips. His cock was right next to Dean’s face, and it would be so easy to take it into his mouth, suck off the precome that was beading at the tip. But he didn’t. Because damnit, Cas was going to be begging for it before Dean even touched him. Dean grinned against Cas’ skin. He was gonna make this good.
Cas nodded. “Come with me.” Dean found himself dragged by the wrist outside, along the road, up the hill and into the woods, now green with the anticipation of summer.
“Really, Cas?” Sam asked, barely able to contain his curiosity that Castiel, angel of the lord, now drank beer.
“I’m not gay,” Dean blurted out suddenly, as he stared at a mug of coffee in his hands. God, why had he gone and said that? Why did he fucking feel the need to say that.
Dean laughs, but it sounds kind of sick and strained, even to his ears. “Right. Uh. Yeah. Just wanted to check in on you. Make sure the Empty, uh, stayed put.” He wipes sweat from his face. The plant and bee disappear from Cas’ hands. “It’s not like you have to stick around. Uh. Repollinate away.” He winces. “Just wanted to make sure you were OK.”
Cas laughed quietly. “I went all over. Gabriel was working in a bar with a funny hat. I thought you might be in a swimming pool for some reason but instead there was an angry swan that stole my shirt.” Dean wasn’t sure Cas realized just how funny this all was and so he did his best to keep a straight face.
in that moment of passion – everything had blurred into Cas, and he had no idea what he’d said. He found the idea oddly comforting, like the silence as Cas lay on top of him, no doubt listening to his heart beat as the water poured over them.
And the funniest thing was, he did. He believed Cas. Something expanded inside him and he felt weightless, giddy, finally free and he wrapped his hand around the back of Cas’ neck, pulling him in for another breathless kiss. Cas laughed against his lips and pulled away again. “I believe me too,” he said, too seriously. When Dean arched up off the ground and tried to kiss him again, Cas wrapped his arms firmly around Dean and before Dean could fully process what was happening, he was off the ground in Cas’ arms. He stared up, face slack with surprise for a moment. And then he laughed, laughed as Cas walked to the car, staring steadily down at him, love and trust practically shining out of his eyes. “Stop it,” he poked at Cas’ chest. Cas didn’t stop the staring, and the song fell into a slow guitar instrumental. “Don’t stop,” he murmured then.
That was all it took for Dean to fall over the edge, coming and shouting and fucking up into Cas and falling apart under him. Cas rode him hard and fast through it, only slowing to a halt when Dean was spent, his head leaning against Cas’ shoulder.
He wants Cas, inside him, and he wants it now. The realization punches a sigh out of him, or maybe it was a brush of Cas' fingers that did the trick. Saliva drips from Cas' tongue onto him, and Dean groans. "Need you," he murmured in a broken voice.
“Hmm,” Cas says, tapping Dean’s temples. “Here.” His hands skate to the underside of Dean’s jaw, behind the bone. “And here.” And he maps out Dean’s body in vulnerabilities, patient and sure.
That was all it took for Castiel to burst into a rather unholy fit of laughter and gaze up at the sky, as thunder rolled.
The shrieks of the vengeful spirit vanished. They were left in a decaying house, moss on the walls, blood dripping from Dean’s hand to paint the floors, alone and silent. A shredded curtain fluttered, driven by a breeze blowing through the broken window. Sam was downstairs, helping the confused victim – an atheist who, while dealing with a mild concussion, was having trouble coming to terms with the Supernatural. “Cas?” Dean asked. The flames had died down, but Cas was still staring intently at the blackened bones. He took a few steps closer, not cautiously exactly, but slowly. While they’d moved a long way from when Cas had first arrived at the bunker, existential crisis in tow, Dean knew there was still some damage there. Scar tissue, as it were.
It gives me funny feelings to think that this is the last smutty chapter I'll ever write for this fic.
He only looked up into Cas’ face once the wound was clean. Cas, as could be expected, was staring at him. “I don’t understand.”
“Yeah, well, I know you. Come on, get up and help me look for Cas. Unless you’re stuck.” Sam pulled himself free of the bath tub with minimal struggle and stood.
He walked up to the Bunker door, and stared for a brief moment at the roses which had sprung up around it. They hadn’t been there this morning. He didn’t pay them much attention then – although in the years to come, he watched Cas water them every morning – because Cas wasn’t waiting for him when he opened the door.
Cas’ wings were still wrapped firmly around Dean. They were lying on the ground on their sides, Dean brushing moss off of Cas’ back. Dirt and cum and the smell of flowers clung to them. That was how Dean read Cas’ first love letter to him. He set it down carefully, blinking tears out of his eyes. “Cas-” he stopped. “I-” He stared into Cas’ eyes, suddenly frantic. Every word, every last unbearably gorgeous word of that letter has fled his mind.
Dean started running the second he saw Cas. Cas looked almost surprised, and then Dean was laughing, laughing as his breaths came quick but steady, as sunlight zipped over his face and he got closer to Castiel.
They watched some pretentious French movie Sam insisted on, followed by all the crappy Christmas cartoons Dean had decided they needed to buy on video tape, that’s right, video tape. None of this douche-y DVD crap in his bunker. It was cassettes and videos for the Winchesters. And Cas, Dean absentmindedly thought as he realized Cas wasn’t technically a Winchester. He frowned.
Damnit. “When Zachariah zapped me to the future, way back when, all the other angels had left. But you stayed. Stuck with us. You were full on mortal, though. And into some pretty dodgy crap.”
It's a hot day in the bunker when Cas is thinking about butterflies and Dean is playing the Allman Brothers Band.
The tear left a sticky track down his face and hung, poised, on the edge of his jaw. He wiped it away savagely before it could fall. Because Cas wasn’t here, goddamnit, and he wasn’t out looking at flowers, and that meant there was no one to grab his wrist and stop him from wiping his tears away, no one to tell that the tears weren’t always bad. “Goddamnit,” he swore.
“Shut up, Dean.” He’d said, still holding the hunter by the shoulder, whispering the last word low and hot into Dean’s ear before kissing his head and vanishing.
“Yes.” Cas grinned, and his watery blue eyes lit up. “Dean,” he said, and now he shucked his shirt off and it was his turn to cup Dean’s face gently, “I wanted to say something. I did. But the only words that I could think of to describe myself were in Enochian.” Dean started to laugh, but Cas pressed a finger to his lips. “Don’t. It’s true, you and I feel things differently. That doesn’t mean we don’t feel the same thing. Anyway, I had to find a way to tell you what I wanted to say. In words that wouldn’t shatter your eardrums.” Cas kissed Dean’s forehead, and when his eyes closed, his eyelids. Dean’s breath hitched in surprise, but he didn’t protest. It felt kind of… beautiful, actually.
“Oh, Dean. Dean,” Cas breathed. He pumped himself faster, and Dean fucked his hand into Cas without mercy, hitting his prostate hard. Cas came in seizing shudders, bucking back against Dean as he rode his orgasm out.
He made it to the landing, and then turned all around, searching for any signs of Cas. It was only when he’d done a full 360 and was standing staring at the hallway he’d come from that he saw the cocky bastard appear at the very end of it. Cas was leaning leisurely against the doorframe of the cassette room, eyes roving over Dean even from a distance.
The gesture makes Dean feel like a child. He ducks his head. They’d had sex last night, and his dick is stirring with the vague aspirations of morning wood against Cas’ thigh: he ought to be feeling like a man. But Cas treats him like something pure, holds him like something worthy of protection. It makes him feel like a kid.
Sweat ran down Dean’s neck. He’d never get enough of this. Making love to Cas. Fucking him. Whatever. He wanted to do this every day until he died and then after that. And Dean couldn’t help it, it felt so fucking good, to know that Cas would never leave, that he’d
I collapsed over him, our bodies tangling together, sweat in a thin sheen over our skin. It was cold without our frenzied heat, and eventually he pulled me up off the ground. I groaned and pressed myself to him, missing the touch of his skin. He laughed, brushed the dirt off of my left side and his knees, and climbed into his car. Shivering, I followed. The leather seats squeaked as we realigned ourselves, but it was warm. It smelled like whiskey and leather and sweat - it smelled like Dean, I thought as I leaned my head against his shoulder and closed my eyes. He stroked circles on my shoulders.
Dean swallowed. Cas had become remote, isolated in his thoughts, and Dean wanted to bring him back. Have Cas be a part of him instead of the lake. “Maybe we want that
“So?” And Cas’ eyebrow was raising; just the one. “You would’ve enjoyed it as a child, and you still could now.” Dean bit his lip, looking away and tipping his beer back for another swallow.
As the images printed out and Sam laid them on the table to let the ink dry, Dean couldn’t help thinking that the last person to look at him quite as tenderly as Cas was in the photo had been his Mom. He gulped, wondering if that was maybe why Sam took it. He snaked his hand across the table and picked it up, staring at it for a second before slipping it into his shirt pocket. This felt good. This felt like after everything that’d been taken away from them, after Yellow Eyes and every piece of hellspawn, they were building up again. In small ways, like these stupid polaroids and the fact that even though Sam looked like a lovesick puppy that got chomped on, he looked happy, too. Sam cleared his throat from across the table. “Whatever,” Dean muttered, and went back to eating pancakes.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he thinks that should be funny. Cas, the nearly virgin angel, asking to show him. He doesn't think about that. For no other reason than that he trusts Cas more than he trusts himself, Dean nods sharply, and Cas surges up against him, claiming Dean's lips, his tongue, as his own. His free hand skims up Dean's chest before coming to rest on his handprint, fingers perfectly filling it. Dean gasps. All the times he'd imagined this, it'd never felt that good. Cas nudges his chin back, and Dean lets his eyelids flutter closed as Cas licks along his throat, sucking dark bruises there. Ordinarily, Dean would never let anyone claim him like that. Sure, he'd let girls give him hickeys, and he'd wear them for days afterwards, proclaiming to the street, 'hey, I got laid.' This was different. This felt like a sign of possession, and Dean couldn't bring himself to hate it. He wanted to lose himself in it, in Cas.
“I think you just found your wedding vow,” Cas murmured, a tad more reverentially than Dean might have expected given the filthy jist of what he’d just said.
Dean pulled back, just to drizzle more lube on Cas’ pink hole. Cas moaned as the cold, slick liquid dribbled over him. Dean thrust three fingers inside him, crooking them until he found Cas’ prostate again, and added his tongue between them. “Fuck, Dean!” Cas shouted. Dean grunted in response. Cas was unbelievably wet. Dean’s fingers made an obscene noise as they pumped into Cas, and the angel’s thighs were slick and shiny with lube. Dean didn’t care. He squirted even more out, this time wrapping his dripping hand around Cas’ cock and jacking him. Cas’ hips jerked back against him. Dean rubbed one finger into Cas’ prostate again and again, and Cas’ voice was so low Dean almost didn’t hear it. “I’m an angel of the Lord,” he said. “I do not beg.” Dean thrust his tongue inside Cas, tasting his inner walls. Cas closed his eyes. “Please. Fuck, Dean, please.” The way Cas ground out the word ‘please’, like it was part of a curse, shot blood directly to Dean’s dick. He gulped. Cas was
It's evident that Dean isn't the only one losing control, because Cas pounds into him fast and hard, groaning Dean's name. Dean can't catch his breath, because every time Cas thrusts into him, rough and deep, his cock drags against Dean's prostate. Cas is kissing his neck feverishly, like he can't stop. Dean thinks he hears the bathroom mirror crack.
Cas chuckled. “Dodgy crap. I see. Well, I guess Metatron was right. Maybe I am in love with humanity.” He shrugged, before slipping the glass cased butterfly into his trench coat pocket. “You know, one of the Men of Letters studied butterflies. Kept specimens in secret compartments in this room. He was convinced they had humanity.”
Cas caught him, pulling him back up by the shoulder. “Was that how you pulled me out of hell?” Dean guffawed at the thought, and Cas rolled his eyes.
He made a funny little noise, then. It was after about five minutes of silence that I realized it had been a stifled sob.
Cas’ shoulder was sweaty where their skin met, hot and damp. From that vantage point, Dean could see that Cas’ cock was hard again, beautiful and flush against his stomach. Cas closed his eyes for a moment, and Dean felt a tingle run through his groin. “Fuck,” he groaned, feeling himself harden even further and the want for release kick back in.
“Pack your bags.” Those were the first three words Dean spoke the following morning. He hadn’t accounted for the flash of hurt in those damn blue eyes, the misunderstanding and typical confusion. “I mean,” he scuffed the bottom of the wall with his boot, kicking anxiously. “We’re going somewhere, so pack up your stuff and meet me at the car.” Cas nodded once. He no longer asked what crazy plan Dean had cooked up. Dean liked to think that was because he liked to be surprised. He smiled.
They were about halfway there. When they’d pulled into the next town and the sun had set, Dean had set off to the nearest bar, leaving Cas in the motel room. It wasn’t like the guy couldn’t leave if he wanted to. He’d staked a firm claim on the seat nearest the hot bartender out of habit. A guy needed a break from laconic angels every once in a while, he told himself. It was just an hour and a few shots. He didn’t have any intention of seriously wooing the bartender, but he certainly hadn’t meant to spill his guts out to her. He walked out of the bar with suspiciously wet eyes, inebriated and with the bartender’s parting greeting of ‘Damn good luck’. Dean walked into the motel room, not really expecting Cas to be there. He got a surprise when Cas was curled on the farthest bed like a cat, reading. The guitar was propped up against the bed, and Dean smiled. That meant Cas had taken it out of the trunk and played it while he was away.
“I was selfish,” Cas reflected, leaning into Dean. Dean waited for him. The rain got heavier, soaking the shoulders of Cas’ trenchcoat and running down Dean’s nose. “I… I think hubris is a consistent problem of mine. You’re going to die someday, Dean. You know what heaven is, a rerunning of your best memories. I’ve always found human memory strange. How it changes your memories, tinging them with things you now know and what you think now. I wanted your memories to be pure, independent of the future or the past. Every time you read the letter, it makes a different memory, one which won’t change because you can’t remember it now. When you’re in heaven… dead… you’ll remember a thousand times you read what I wrote to you, and what it meant every time.”
I wanted him to understand how I felt, but knowing it wouldn't change anything, he couldn't bear that. He was trying to make it something less than it was, something filthy and wrong, and like I was only there for his pleasure.
“Do you, ah,” he waved a hand at his throat. “Think you could do anything about...” he trailed off. I laid a single finger to the side of his throat, watching the marks I had put there disappear. I left the ones on his chest, stomach and thighs.
He failed. Though he tried, I could feel the pent up emotions in the taut muscles of his back, could see all he didn't want me to see in the shadows of his eyes. Nothing we did could ever be wrong or impure. He tried to hurt me, for all the ways I hurt him. He ground against me too hard, too fast, holding a finger to my lips and ordering me to be quiet. He didn't need to tell me, of course. He didn't want the others to know what we were doing and I didn't want them to know I was here. This moment in the night was our privacy, closeness even through the gulf between us.
Dean opened his mouth to take Cas’ cock again, and Cas’ hand wound into his hair, pulling tight. Sparks of pain flew through Dean’s scalp, making his eyes water. He didn’t care.
Dean supposed it was them getting even when he got into his car the next morning for a pie-run and taped to his steering wheel is a letter; the only part of which he could remember was that, included somewhere inside, was a comparison of Dean to a rose.
Dean led him wordlessly down the hallway and into their bedroom. “Yeah,” he whispered as he sealed their promises with a kiss.
Cas blinked and hazarded a glance back at Dean. In response, his penis started to harden again in Dean’s hand. Dean let out a low breath. “I want you to come with me,” he clarified before slamming into Cas’ prostate. Cas was coming apart before Dean’s very gaze, and Dean loved every second. Loved every second of being inside him, of watching his cheeks get flushed and his eyes acquire that tell-tale hungry glint.
“All right,” Dean said. He was still trying to be offended, for Metallica’s sake, but it wasn’t really working. “You like surprises?” He was busy trying to imagine Cas being the victim of a surprise party, assaulted by party streamers and having a stupid hat crammed on his head. He didn’t imagine Cas being happy about it.
Dean came upon the angel one Thursday afternoon, sitting against the trunk of a tree. Crying. Dean was transfixed by the sight, so unexpected, so strangely intimate. He swallowed. He was intruding in every way. But how could he leave Cas like this, alone in the cold January air? The angel's arms shook even as he wrapped them around his knees. Tears slid down Castiel's face. His blue eyes stared up at the stark gray sky, as if he was desperately searching for something. Never had he seen Cas look so openly broken.
He sat bolt upright. No. He was not thinking about cuddling Cas. No. Sex dreams were one thing. He hadn’t gotten laid in forever, and it was normal. Sort of. Fantasies of cuddling were a whole other deal. Dean sighed. He really wasn’t going to be able to get any sleep tonight. He threw on boxers and clothes, after wiping the cum off himself with a warm washcloth. He’d almost been tempted to get into the shower, but had decided against it. Even if he couldn’t resolve what was going on with him and Cas, there was one question he could answer - what the hell did Cas do at night? His bed was almost always unslept in, used only for reading in the afternoons.
Dean sighed, running a hand through his hair. It was barely eleven o’clock, and a summer rainstorm had taken him by surprise. Sam was running errands, picking up beer and whatever girly essentials he needed. Dean paused. Where was Cas this time?
Dean couldn’t have closed his lips if he tried. Cas took advantage of that fact and kissed him once before confessing, “I’d like that. I want to feel you taking your pleasure in me.” Dean’s cock twitched where it was buried in Cas’ ass. “Again,” Cas growled,  “And again.”
Silent tears were streaming down his face, and I reached out and took one of his hands in both of mine. "Dean, don't."
Dean bites back the reply that technically it belongs to the government. “So, what, you want a ‘Dean and Cas were here’ type thing?” He quirked an eyebrow.
Cas tilted his head to one side. He put down the old paperback he’d been reading. “I said I’d watch over you.”
"No," I choked out. My hope that I could make him understand with my hands, my lips, left my body in one breath. He wouldn't trust me, and I wouldn't turn back. And yet, I still wanted him.
