Sherlock’s answer was a sigh of pleasure against his jaw. “Yes.” He kissed John’s chin so softly; then the corner of his mouth. “Yes, John. Oh
” He ground his hips down into John’s for emphasis. John let out a hiss that Sherlock mistook for anger. “You’re just a sore loser.”
Lucky for Sherlock, John’s rage had abated by the afternoon and his hangover receded to the point that he was able to venture out of the flat to pay the electric bill and pick up some much-needed groceries. But there was no sign of Sherlock that evening, and no sign of him the next morning either.
Sherlock can hear the same glittering quality in John’s voice that he could see in his eyes a moment ago, and the sound of it makes a shiver of anticipation ripple up Sherlock’s spine. In all fairness, this could also be the result of John’s thumb, which has just brushed softly, yet meaningfully over the base of Sherlock’s neck.
John groans into the kiss, his fingers gripping Sherlock’s shoulders in response, his body pressing back into Sherlock’s embrace; and then he’s sitting up with a gasp, breaking the kiss.
“But I’ve seen a fair amount of beauty too. I’ve seen impossible things—birds that swim like fish through the ocean, fish with horns on their heads and spikes on their fins, some as big as men. I’ve seen mist hanging over the water like a net made of liquid, each drop of water caught in its midst shining like a jewel. I’ve seen the sky up north where it’s so cold the stars seem to freeze where they hang in the darkness, sheets of ice as big as houses underneath the rising moon.”
The house was immense just as John had predicted. However, it was even bigger than he’d imagined, shockingly immense for a house in the center of the city—one of those rare monstrosities that some wealthy family had managed to hang onto for years, defying city planning and German bombs and a hundred other factors that should have razed it to the ground long ago.
“Speaking of jealousy,” John begins, and Sherlock can hear the gentle teasing note in his voice. “What was it Lieutenant Deverall wanted?”
John’s hands have moved from Sherlock’s arse to slide up the length of his back with gentle pressure, the pads of his fingers trailing over the notches in Sherlock’s spine up to the nape of his neck, before settling in Sherlock’s hair, making him moan into the kiss.
Sherlock bends his head again to John’s chest, this time licking over the prominent muscles of John’s pectorals, tasting salt and sweat, before taking the nipple into his mouth and sucking.
As he strains his eyes to see through the darkness, Sherlock feels another wave of shame crash over him at the irrational nature of his fear, the utter futility of his errand.
Sherlock rises to his feet as Miss Hooper does, bowing his head in acknowledgement, before turning to face Ms. Grimsby’s cold gaze. “Indeed. I was wondering if I might beg your ladies’ patience with me again tomorrow, so that I might have the chance to improve my luck.”
There was murder in John’s eyes plain as day, and killing a fellow sailor isn’t a crime Sherlock imagines John would be able to easily escape from, no matter how charming and well loved he may be.
Sherlock was small at the time but he remembers distinctly how his parents had looked huddled in grave conference with the doctor, the grim set of the doctor’s mouth, how he had shaken his head.
He’s too far-gone to kiss John properly; he keeps his mouth open and John licks into it, panting slightly at first, and then sucking hard on Sherlock’s tongue as he increases the speed of his hand.
John shifted in the chair, the warm weight of Sherlock against his groin so lovely and heavy—he wanted to press up into it, soothe the ache of his trapped erection. John licked his lips. “No, I don’t, actually.”
Sherlock’s silence had lost the terrifying, void-like quality it had possessed earlier but there was still a sharpness to it, an undertone of anxiety that John could feel as clearly as he could feel the bone in Sherlock’s knee pressed against his own.
“Here.” John leans behind Sherlock to take hold of the cup of wine. “Have another drink of wine first.”
John’s voice is ragged when he finally pulls back, his eyes the warm, liquid blue of the ocean outside.
Sherlock does not pay attention to it; his thoughts are elsewhere, although he does observe that George Ferguson is a spirited participant in this debate. He sits on the opposite end of the table from Mr. Knott and the two men do not even acknowledge each other. Mr. Knott eats his meal without comment, once again leaving the table before the port is served.
He’s filled suddenly with the impulse to smash the hourglass that stands beneath the quarterdeck so that he might halt the rush of sand that keeps the men always working, always moving to the next task, as though the sand itself controls them, as if stopping it would finally free them from its tyranny.
What if John’s worry over Sherlock’s wellbeing was simply motivated by concern, nothing more than that?
John groaned at the feeling of being so deeply buried in Sherlock. He could feel the blood throbbing in Sherlock’s cock where it was trapped between them. He watched a drop of sweat fall from his cheek to Sherlock’s chest and he began to move in earnest, knowing that neither of them would last long.
The flush is high on John’s cheeks, staining the skin of his throat. Sherlock reaches out another hand to touch it, to see if he can feel the heat.
He keeps stroking John’s balls as he sucks—careful not to pull too hard, but knowing John always likes it slightly rougher than he ever thinks he would, his own hand on his cock speeding up again in response to the sounds John is making above him—helpless, breathless, little panting sounds, mixed with noises of encouragement.
If he is not up on deck then Sherlock will know that Ferguson is involved in some other manner of business, and it is as good a confirmation of Sherlock’s suspicions as he can hope to get.
The wheels in Sherlock’s mind are turning rapidly as he takes in what Lestrade has said. It only confirms his suspicions.
“He made you feel worthless,” Sherlock said, shaking his head, even as his thumbs continued to trace circles over John’s hips. “That’s unacceptable. I need you to know, John.”
he can do to try and remove Anderson from his position. He’s a terrible midshipman—that much is clear. If only Sherlock can somehow draw attention to this fact then perhaps he can have Anderson stripped of his authority.
Stevens must make some accompanying lewd gesture because Sherlock hears another roar of laughter in response and he almost trips in his haste to make it up the stairs.
Sherlock does not understand what he can possibly mean, but as he turns to follow John up the beach, he sees a small structure that he did not notice at first tucked in against the line of trees, further up the sand.
Every crewmember presently on deck has ceased working to watch the interaction unfold. The men stationed below in the longboats have climbed up the side of the ship and are peering over the gunwale to watch, the men in the rigging hanging motionless overhead.
“Your neck, Sherlock, my god… I’ve been dying to kiss you here all afternoon… your neck has been driving me to distraction.”
He wheeled the heavily laden cart of food over until it was beside the bed, whereupon he climbed back in next to Sherlock and started lifting off the shining silver covers to reveal the delicacies beneath.
Sherlock stands with him, his throat tight with misery. He wants to ask John, needs to ask John—what next? When will they see each other again? But he’s afraid that this time—especially now, John doesn’t have an answer.
for you, Sherlock.” He pressed his forehead against the back of Sherlock’s neck and heard his own voice shake. “God, I want you.”
There’s nowhere for him to go; the other hatch is beyond the locked door at Sherlock’s back; and Sherlock realizes, too late, that he is trapped.
“I was thinking about the little garden I used to keep, back at my father’s house, and how about this time of year, the first spring flowers would be coming up. By early summer, it will be crowded with foxglove and lilacs, narcissus and wood violets, anemones as blue as the sea.”
John watched the ugly expression on the man’s face curdle like sour milk. His eyes settled on Sherlock.
Thinking back, it’s clear to him how different the experience was, how much it was transformed by the presence of those people around him, how his playing was enriched and enlivened by the other musicians.
“I need you… against me…” Sherlock licks his lips. “With… no clothing between us, just you. Just me.”
When Sherlock’s body finally calms, he’s aware that his legs have slid out of John’s grasp. John is leaning weakly against him, breath still coming hard, one hand braced protectively above Sherlock’s head. If it weren’t for the press of John’s body against him, holding him up, Sherlock is fairly certain he would be sitting on the floor.
In the days immediately following the Moriarty incident, John began to notice just how often it happened. It was as if John’s sensory awareness had been turned up to maximum capacity. No detail escaped him: Sherlock’s hand brushing his as they walked, his hips angled close to John when he stood behind him, Sherlock’s long torso bending over him on the couch as he reached for his laptop. They had the sort of physical intimacy John had only ever experienced in his longest relationships, which was surprising not only due to the fact that he and Sherlock were not sleeping together and had only known each for just under a year, but also that this was
Sherlock is struggling to determine just what it is the other man wants from him, when he realizes, in a rare moment of insight that the Colonel is making an effort to be kind to him.
John’s other hand is still clenched sticky and hot against Sherlock’s hip, trapped between both their bodies. Sherlock’s waistcoat and the linen shirt he wears underneath are bunched up, twisted from his desperate thrusting into John to bare a strip of pale skin. He can feel the softness of John’s blue shirt where it’s pressing into his naked stomach.
“Add another finger.” Breathless as he was, there was something unmistakably commanding in Sherlock’s tone. The thought that Sherlock was controlling him just as much as he was controlling Sherlock made him even harder.
John’s gasp of surprise as Sherlock’s mouth meets his only lasts a moment, and then he’s kissing Sherlock back, hard and searching and desperate, hands lifting to tangle in Sherlock’s hair, his body rising until his chest brushes Sherlock’s.
The more he thinks about the disappointment he saw clear on Miss Hooper’s face when he refused to enlighten her about his revelations, the more badly he feels, and he is determined to make it up to her today, if only to distract himself from his own ever-present worries.
Sherlock tries, heat rising to his cheeks as he struggles to quell his body’s response. He is sure John can feel the loud thump of his heartbeat underneath his hands. But John’s grip is sure and steady, never falters, and gradually Sherlock feels his body begin to calm.
Sherlock is hesitant—his mouth still full of the taste of John’s release—but this does not seem to bother John in the slightest; he kisses Sherlock with his warm, wet mouth open, soft and appreciative, tongue coming out to curl around Sherlock’s.
He loses himself in the experience of kissing John for several blissful seconds, John’s mouth moving unhurriedly against his, his fingers slipping up to tangle in Sherlock’s curls, causing Sherlock to sigh softly into his mouth.
“What do you think, Johnny Boy? You think Sherlock will have any use for you after I take your cock?”
Sherlock has to pull back a little to keep from choking but he manages to keep his mouth around John as the first wave of his release bursts warm and bitter from the tip of his cock; Sherlock loves the feeling of this—John spilling into Sherlock’s mouth—it’s so deeply intimate and visceral, it appeals to some base, primal part of Sherlock, the idea that he’s tasting John, that he’s taking a part of John into himself.
John’s callused palm is dragging far too lightly over Sherlock’s trapped erection—he needs more, he needs
He opens his eyes, looks up at the arch of the sky overhead—so blue, so immense and limitless. It makes Sherlock feel like anything is possible—like the whole world is theirs, not just this beach, but everywhere and anywhere; everything feels within reach in this moment.
He had to leave the museum promptly after seeing that painting, and he was grateful for the shock of cold air that greeted him as he made his way back out onto the street, the sharp tug of the Viennese winter wind blowing the lapels of his jacket back against his face, distracting him from the hot humming presence of the desire that had come so vividly to life between his legs.
It seems to be there at the root of all his problems, like a poisonous seed that sits at the center of Sherlock, sending up tendrils of self-doubt and self-hatred all the time, black noxious flowers blooming on its twisting vines, dripping poison over everything it touches, slowly choking the life out of anything good that tries to grow there.
“I’m…” Sherlock pauses to catch his breath, searching for a way to put the enormity of what he’s feeling into words. He doesn’t know where to begin.
Sherlock watches the two of them return to the dance floor and feels a curious sensation come over him. Although he does not know either of them well he feels strangely glad seeing them together. He feels a sort of fondness for them both as well as… recognition. There is something achingly familiar about the way they are looking at one another, the light in Lestrade’s eyes, the lilt to Miss Hooper’s mouth. The realization strikes Sherlock as hard as a physical blow—it’s the way John sometimes looks at him.
But it doesn’t matter; Sherlock knows how deeply he is to blame, and he can feel the sharp twisting sickness of his guilt again, rising up inside his chest, choking him.
He loves worshipping John like this, he loves hearing the break in John’s voice, the breathless singing way he says Sherlock’s name—all the different cadences in his lovely expressive voice as Sherlock tastes him, finds new ways to bring him pleasure. If only this could be his profession, his one purpose in life—to give John Watson pleasure—he would never ask for anything else.
Sherlock shudders at the contact and John kisses him, sweetly, on the corner of the mouth, settling Sherlock’s body more firmly against his. “Put your arms around my neck.”
Finding Billy may prove difficult, but even if it takes a while, Sherlock has to be ready with something to send.
He makes Molly go up first so they aren’t seen going up together—just a minute ahead of him so that he can keep an eye on her until she’s safely installed in one of the boats; but he finds to his great dismay that by the time he arrives on deck himself only a few minutes later, he’s already lost her in the crowd.
Thankfully Sherlock had already paid the cabbie the rest of the fare, so all John had to manage was finding his keys and stumbling his way up the stairs to the flat without alarming Mrs. Hudson. He succeeded in all of these tasks, albeit fumblingly, and it took all of his self-restraint to force himself to wait until he made it up to his own room with the door shut firmly behind him until he yanked his fly open and shoved his hand down his pants.
Sherlock looks away quickly, feeling faintly shocked at the sight of a bare-breasted woman, and hears Patterson, not to be outdone by John’s display of brotherly affection, teasing him in reply.
“Yes, all things considered.” John didn’t realize how tightly he was holding onto the back of the chair until Sherlock’s eyes slid over his hands. He let go.
John smiled sweetly up at Sherlock. “I don’t know what you’re on about. I’m just enjoying my ‘frozen dessert product’. No, what I want you to do is take off that bloody suit jacket.”
It does not matter that he can still hear voices above them and the sounds of footsteps as people walk around overhead. Sherlock’s senses have shrunk to the points of John’s body against his, the sound of John’s shallow breathing in the warm dark.
He fought a childish instinct to cover his ears with his hands. He wanted Sherlock to stop talking. Didn’t Sherlock understand? He couldn’t reexamine what happened. It wouldn’t help him. If he told Sherlock the things Moriarty had said it would only make them more real. Speaking them aloud would make them true.
For better or worse, she does not seem to notice Sherlock’s dismal mood. Or if she does, she does not comment on it, for which Sherlock is grateful. He does not know what he would say if she were to ask him the cause of it.
He feels pinned by his emotions, caught, trembling and fragile beneath the immensity of all that he wants, as though if he makes the wrong move, says the wrong thing, the shimmering dreamlike quality of it all—the perfection of it—John’s voice so full of awe, John’s hands so sweetly cupping his face—will shatter, and be lost.
John turns away from Sherlock. His look is cold, closed off, and it sends a dagger of pain through Sherlock, hot and sharp.
Sherlock pulled off to look up at him, his expression suddenly grave. “John.” His voice was husky. “Is it alright…?”
Sherlock’s breath was coming fast, his ribs heaving under the pressure of John’s mouth. “You want it harder, don’t you? This is agony for you because it isn’t enough.”
Sherlock takes a moment to shift his awareness beyond the lovely circle of his immediate surroundings to listen to the sounds coming from the rest of the ship, and sure enough, he can hear the distant but definitive sounds of the many revelers up on deck, like a low hum above them.
John crawled backwards as fast as he could, still too disoriented to stand, and experienced his first flash of panic as his shoulders came up hard against something. There was a wall at his back. John glanced to the left and right—the door had opened to an alley on the side of the house.
He drawled the last word, filling it with sexual innuendo, and John felt the tip of the knife on his bare thigh. He twitched violently and Moriarty laughed.
He kissed the swollen corner of Sherlock’s lip, heard the catch of his breath as John’s tongue grazed the split skin, and then pulled back, breathless. “I need to feel your fingers inside me. And then I need to feel you inside me. All of you. Please, Sherlock. I need it.”
He hesitated on the front step, digging in his pocket for his keys, the glare of the afternoon sun nearly blinding him, as Sherlock loomed behind him like a small, ill-mannered thundercloud.
John threw himself against Sherlock’s shoulder, forcing his way by. As he moved past, Sherlock reached instinctively for his hand. With a snarl of rage, John caught him by the wrist, spun him around, and slammed him against the wall.
When John and Sherlock emerge back on deck, the late afternoon sun is blazing low and hot in the sky, basking everything in honey-colored light.
John leans in to replace his fingers with his mouth. At the touch of John’s lips against the underside of his jaw, Sherlock makes another sound deep in his throat, this time, a whimpering sound.
He pulled off, sucking hard as he did, and then ran his tongue down the vein on the underside, flattening his tongue on the way back up—then back down again, this time all the way down until he reached John’s balls, pulling them both into the wet heat of his mouth.
“This is Lethe, where the souls of the dead drink to forget their past lives. Lucky for you they haven’t made me drink it yet.”
John felt the muscles in his throat work. He tried to look away, to look anywhere but at Sherlock’s face, but Sherlock held his head still.
As John stares up at him in incredulous fury, he swears he can make out the wince of regret on Sherlock’s face at his choice of words.
“I’m not sure I know how to answer that.” He looks down at the calluses on his palms, spreading his hands in his lap as he goes on talking. “I’ve always worked—my whole life. Work is what I know. I’m not sure I would know what to do with myself if I wasn’t working. It’s just a part of life. And I enjoy it. Well—most of it.” John smiles wryly. “There are some tasks that I don’t think I’ll ever warm to.”
“Good at what?” Sherlock asks, sitting up a little straighter, eager for any bit of praise John has to offer.
The ocean is relatively calm today, has been relatively calm since they left port, but still, Sherlock reflects, as he leans over the starboard rail and looks down at the foaming roar of water against the ship’s hull, the ease of the voyage so far is an impressive feat.
He lowers his hands to look at Sherlock and Sherlock hates the look of defeat that he sees there, the look of emptiness like he’s been run through and drained of all the light inside of him.
“John, will you…?” Sherlock looked hesitant. He licked his lips again, and this time John couldn’t help himself. He rose up on his elbows and sucked the plump expanse of Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his teeth.
John’s hips are moving in time with Sherlock’s hand and Sherlock can feel the power in his body as he thrusts.
John’s hands return to the buttons on Sherlock’s waistcoat. He undoes the last of them in no time and then pushes the silk off Sherlock’s shoulders with gentle hands.
He still has the enormous cake of soap that John brought him all those weeks ago and he pulls it out now with something close to glee. He decides to wash himself first, and then use the remaining water to scrub some of the filth off the floors.
“So what?” Sherlock whispers, suddenly painfully aware of his own naïveté, his inexperience, how foolish he must look to John.
Sherlock opened his other eye and his gaze narrowed. “John Watson, your motives are utterly transparent. You’re trying to distract me from my misery.” He shut both his eyes again and turned his head away. “It’s not going to work.”
“Oh…” All of Sherlock’s breath leaves him. He shuts his eyes, allows the full meaning of John’s words to sink in.
Worlds shift and planets realign in the time it takes for Sherlock to absorb what John has just said.
“Rest,” John says, stooping down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s brow. “We’ll talk when you’re well again.”
Sherlock paid the cabbie and John slid out after him. They’d tied on their masks in the cab and if John had felt silly before, he felt absolutely ridiculous now—making his way up to a party on board a ship in a tux and a black mask; he felt like a character out of the pulp novels he’d read as a boy.
He reached up to pull Sherlock’s mouth down to his for a breathless kiss, his fingers threading through Sherlock’s curls, his tongue pushing warm and insistent into Sherlock’s mouth.
“You can go ahead and add another,” John says, and his breathless voice would be encouragement enough even without his words so Sherlock pushes his second finger in alongside the first, astonished once again at how easily John’s body yields to him. He lets his long fingers push in and in, feeling his own arousal tighten in his belly at the sensation of John’s body stretching around him
He’s forgotten—he’s forgotten entirely that land can have a smell; but now that the scent reaches him, he realizes with a visceral shock that moves through his whole body, how much he’s missed it.
“What about before that? Did you happen to see him over the course of the evening before you danced together?”
John recognized absently that he was in the realm of dreams; Sherlock’s speech was too poetic. He’d never say anything like that in real life.
Once she leaves Sherlock’s room a few minutes later, as cool and level-headed as though they’d just been discussing the results of the afternoon’s latest game of whist, he begins to wonder if he hasn’t in fact done a disservice to Molly by not putting her in charge of the next phase of the plan. She’s clearly got the head for it.
He buries his face in John’s shoulder, gasping, savoring the feeling of John’s arms so strong and solid around him. He can feel his own heartbeat pounding through him, and after a moment he realizes he can feel John’s as well—only slightly slower than his own, kicking steadily against his breastbone.
He’d marched into the water, as resolute as a soldier marching into battle, tiny fists balled at his sides, his small mouth clenched into a frown, and taking a deep breath as Mycroft had instructed, he dropped below the surface, letting all of the fire in his young heart eat up any fear he felt.
“Oh, this changes things, yes, it does. It means Sherlock is more susceptible than I thought to your particular
He’s shaking his head now to underscore his words; desperate to make John understand how much he wishes he could undo his actions, if only he could.
He smoothed his fingers through the hair on Sherlock’s brow but the gesture did not have its usual calming effect. Sherlock’s fingers tensed on John’s thighs, his eyes unmoving from where they were fixed on the inside of John’s leg.
He does not stop to gauge how far behind him John may be, he simply keeps on swimming until he feels his limbs begin to tire, until his breath begins to burn in his lungs from the exertion. It’s much sooner than he would have liked, and it is with disappointment that he feels his progress slow however minutely.
—the absolutely filthy sound of it makes a ripple of heat move through Sherlock, makes his fingers twitch with longing to touch himself again.
Sherlock is startled out of his thoughts by the sound of a loud voice at his elbow. He looks up to see Burns, eying him sternly, the top of his bald head shining in the sunlight.
Sherlock subsist on when John was away? Mold fumes?), but after several minutes of expletive-laden investigation John managed to find a bag of bread that he had bought before he went away with a few, only-mildly mildewed slices left.
He turns back around to face John, half-dreading what he will find, and he was right to be afraid, for the sight of him is worse than anything Sherlock could have imagined.
He looks away, breathing hard, ashamed, but unable to stop the poisonous current of his thoughts from spiraling out of control again.
In his eagerness, Sherlock forgets that he is too embarrassed to make eye contact. He looks up in undisguised longing. “Oh, will you?”
There are a few men about, playing cards in the center of the room—some of whom he recognizes from his time up on deck. They look at him strangely when he appears, and he must look a sight, dressed in his best clothes, breathless from running back and forth.
The delighted expression on John’s face is enough to make Sherlock weak with gratitude. The thought of washing himself with hot water—of being able to get
Sherlock is so shocked by this sudden breach of personal space that for a moment he cannot speak at all. The threat of violence is one thing, but this? He never would have expected it from someone of Ferguson’s class. Even as he thinks it though he realizes how stupid he has been—Ferguson is a member of the rising middle class, who knows how rough his origins were? How often he may have resorted to violence to solve his problems?
The urge to punch Anderson right in the gut is so overpowering for a second Sherlock’s vision blacks out. Before he can properly dismiss the impulse, Sherlock hears a shout from behind Anderson.
He interrupts his own words with a moan as he returns his fingers to his cock, and Sherlock lowers his arse back down to John’s thighs to watch.
John is right. Sherlock doesn’t even know what he’s asking for, all he knows is that the smell of John is all around him in the dark, John’s mouth is hot against the thin skin of his throat, and Sherlock is already hard again. He wants all of John, whatever that means, every piece of himself he has to offer.
“If you want a bucket of cold water then you’ll have to haul it up from the sea yourself. Otherwise, you’ll wait until tomorrow when it comes like it always does before breakfast.”
John’s hand closed on the muzzle of the gun. He spun it around till the handle was nestled snugly in his palm and trained it on Briggs.
The mood today, Sherlock is hardly surprised to see, is a somber reflection of the dismal proceedings of the afternoon.
John repeated the same movement, and heard Sherlock’s breath catch as he twisted his fingers slightly on the way up. He was amazed at Sherlock’s responsiveness. He’d never imagined Sherlock would be so sensitive—then again, he’d never imagined he would be standing in their living room with Sherlock’s cock in his hand either.
But as he feels Stevens’ fist close around the back of his neck, panic explodes within him, shocking him back to life, and then he’s thrashing as hard as he can to free himself from Steven’s grasp.
John’s question becomes a warm chant against Sherlock’s skin, pausing only in his questioning to suck the softest kiss into the tender place right at the juncture of Sherlock’s thigh and buttocks; his fingers so close to the base of Sherlock’s cock that their fingers meet on Sherlock’s every downward stroke.
John says nothing, but he shifts against Sherlock, his body curling closer, slightly adjusting his head on the pillow beside Sherlock and Sherlock knows John’s answer by his movements.
“Funerary position of the Egyptian kings,” he answered with his eyes closed. “As is only appropriate for my death.”
He sits in silence, wishing he could take up a length of rope and practice the knots John taught him, but the work is not his, and it wouldn’t be right to do it without leave from a member of the crew.
The spell of painful awkwardness, of strangeness, that seemed to create between them a distance that could not be breached vanishes in an instant, and Sherlock feels once again the familiar pull between their bodies, as if he is drawn towards John through some force that is greater than himself.
Sherlock rubs his middle finger over the spot that feels like a tiny bump inside of John and watches in fascinated delight as a shudder of pleasure rolls through him, his hands tightening into fists where they’re lying at his sides.
He feels John smile against him, and then his mouth is back against Sherlock’s, still smiling as he kisses him again—slow and wet and open-mouthed, his warm palms sliding down Sherlock’s bare sides to hold him by the hips until Sherlock is whimpering, legs turning to jelly beneath him, his hands coming up to clutch at John’s waist.
Sherlock watches John shut his eyes, as though steadying himself. When he opens them again, they are darker than Sherlock has ever seen them.
John turned the corner and breathed a sigh of relief at the sight of the street. A police car screeched into view just as he reached the mouth of the alley.
Sherlock breathes it in—great, dark green breaths of it—his eyes shut against the clamor of other sensations warring for his attention, threatening to dissolve him into formlessness again, the sunlight harsh against his eyelids.
In the most open display of emotion Sherlock has ever seen the man exhibit, Lestrade removes the lieutenant’s hat from his head and throws it to the deck.
In spite of his confusion, John felt himself melting under Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock took advantage of his pliancy to drag his hand back up the length of John’s cock and reach for his zipper. He pulled it down in one sinuous movement and before John could stop him, his hand was reaching in between the folds of John’s trousers, taking the hot hard length of John in his hand.
John’s eyes go soft. “That’s the first time I’ve seen you smile. It’s… lovely. You look lovely when you smile.”
Sherlock lets his hand slide over the hard planes in John’s chest on its way down, brushing over his nipples with light fingertips, and then, it’s his turn to smile as he feels the shiver that moves through John at the fleeting touch. He spreads his palm as his hand travels down John’s stomach, spares just a moment to marvel at the iron feel of John’s abdominal muscles, tensed as they are to keep his body in position, leaning forward between Sherlock’s thighs.
John, muffling his mouth to hide the tide of unstoppable giggles that had erupted, had managed to swallow down his giddiness long enough to choke out, “Everything’s fine, Mrs. H! Just helping Sherlock get a splinter out of his foot! Nothing to worry about.”
By the time he’d drifted back down to inhabit himself again, his consciousness slowly regaining awareness of his vicinity detail by detail, he could feel the hot, hard curve of Sherlock’s erection against the back of his thigh, and the fine tremors moving through the body pressed close against him.
Sherlock cries out, head tipping further back in the sand, his fingers clenching in the skin of John’s back.
, a thousand times better… John is all around him—his thighs snug on either side of Sherlock’s hips, the solid warmth of his chest under Sherlock’s back rising and falling steadily with the rhythm of his breath, his arms a reassuring weight around Sherlock’s shoulders.
He doesn’t need to finish his request. Sherlock is already pushing in against the ring of muscle, filled with elation, fascinated; his every sense blown wide at the feeling of the heat, the give of it, the knowledge that this is
“I couldn’t let you know how badly I wanted you. Not after it became clear you weren’t going to act on your own desires. When I finally kissed you on the boat… that was purely selfish. I wanted you in that moment. So I took you.”
Loud, good-natured Mr. McKinley scolds the boy in earnest while Miss Hooper helps Mrs. Mills to her feet and out of the dining room.
Sherlock was sick for a long time afterwards. He caught a fever, and couldn’t leave his bed for weeks. There were so many days when he couldn’t find it in himself to exert the strength it took to keep on living.
He feels his lungs tighten and John forces his head down between his knees, struggling to draw breath. Darkness crowds in at the corners of his vision.
“You're going to pay for this, Holmes—do you hear me?” Anderson’s grip tightens on Sherlock’s collar, pulling the fabric taut against Sherlock’s throat, choking him. He presses his face in close to Sherlock’s, teeth bared in a white smear of fury; his voice sickeningly soft. “I’ve said it before but this time I mean it. It’s not a game anymore, Sherlock. This time, you’ve gone too far. And this time, you’re going to pay for it.”
John smoothes his hands down Sherlock’s arms—they are warm and strong—and it is only for their presence that Sherlock does not fall back in shock when John’s warm, wet mouth opens over Sherlock’s nipple and sucks it softly through his shirt.
“It’s just as you said this morning. I took it from you to teach you a lesson; to remind you not to take things that don’t belong to you.” Knott looks pointedly at Sherlock as he says this, as if trying to remind Ferguson that they have an audience. “Bit hypocritical, isn’t it? Calling this lad a thief.”
“There isn’t anything we can do. They’ll continue being horrible to me because I’ll continue to be horrible to them.”
He doesn’t need to look; he remembers, too late, the trail of livid marks running from his jawline to his hip. The flash of accompanying memory—John’s mouth, hot and wet and biting—is like a sudden flare in a dark room. He knows, without having to look, that the marks are as red as freshly opened roses.
Although Lestrade clearly lowered his voice out of respect, the captain makes no such accommodation for his first officer. His voice is carrying, as though to make certain of Lestrade’s humiliation for daring to question his orders. “If this ship isn’t ready to sail at eight bells tomorrow morning, I’ll have you seized up and beaten at the gratings like any common sailor. Do I make myself clear?”
John felt something in his chest clench tight and hot. Post-sex snuggling was not something that had ever happened between them before. The fact that Sherlock was acting like this now seemed too good to be true, but that wasn’t going to stop John from taking full advantage of it.
“What’s the point? You can’t stop him. If he’s going to be so pigheaded about it, he might as well see.” Andersen’s drawl was full of the usual hostility but his eyes, John saw with a sinking feeling, were grim.
The sound of a door slamming further down the corridor makes Billy straighten up, seems to startle him out of his reverie about the future.
“Let it serve as an incentive to keep them from slacking. You may tell them, Lieutenant, that this will be their reward. But remember if and—
“Alright, my love. You want it quick? I’ll make it quick.” There is a hard edge suddenly in John’s voice, a roughness that makes Sherlock think of smoke and gunpowder, of John yelling orders over the roar of cannon fire. His eyes are dark in the dim light of Sherlock’s cabin but there is something dangerous glittering at the center of each pupil. The sight of it makes Sherlock shiver in anticipation.
“I’m so pleased you took my advice.” Moriarty studied John, his black eyes crawling over John’s face. “I’ll be the first to admit, I didn’t think it could be done.”
He lies with his chest pressed against John’s, feeling the steady rhythm of John’s heartbeat underneath his own, and all over again, the thought of John leaving fills him with a fresh wave of despair.
And suddenly, Sherlock feels that he can breathe again; he can feel his own heartbeat pounding underneath his ribs, the wobble in his legs, the water beating, warm against his thighs, the hollow feeling in his belly reminding him that it’s been far too long since he last ate—and all at once, joy erupts inside him—that champagne bubble, buoyant feeling filling him up, making him turn, at last to look at John, whose eyes are squinted hard against the glare of the sun, looking towards the shoreline.
He knows he shouldn’t intervene; it would be foolish at this point not to keep his distance. But he’s so desperate for some distraction—and it would be
It’s clear that there’s a boat that’s just pulled up alongside the ship, but just who, or what is on the boat, Sherlock has not yet gathered.
He holds John’s waist while he kisses him, every fiber of his being crying out with joy that they are able to do this, once again, in spite of everything working against them to keep them apart; marveling, as he always does, at the contrast between the lean strength in John’s torso bending down to him—the hard planes of muscle shifting underneath his thumbs—and the feeling of John’s warm mouth, soft and wet, opening against his own—so achingly vulnerable and precious to him.
As they draw closer, the details of this colorful crowd begin to come to life around them, and Sherlock finds himself utterly absorbed in taking it all in.
” He glanced up to see Sherlock’s head tipped back, the muscles in his neck tensed and straining. John lowered his mouth again to encompass the whole of Sherlock’s cock and felt Sherlock’s hips rise to meet his mouth. His left hand was tracing light patterns into the skin of Sherlock’s inner thigh, and he pressed down when he felt Sherlock’s hips thrust forward, increasing the suction from his mouth while holding him in place. “John!” Suddenly there was a hand in his hair, gently pulling him back. “Stop.”
Aidan inclines his head, and in response Fionn takes up his drum and beats out what must be a familiar rhythm because Old Leroy gives a shout of joy and lifts up his mouth organ and begins to play in time.
But they’ve already done far too much of that today, and there are too many eyes watching them, so instead Sherlock lets John lead him by the hand toward the gangway at the back of the ship at last, his eyes on Sherlock as he looks back so dark they’re almost black, full of a fierce and desperate hunger.
John smoothed his hair back from his forehead, placed another kiss on his temple, and then stretched out beside him to fall asleep.
John removed Lestrade’s hand forcefully but politely. “I appreciate it, Greg, but I’m with Sherlock on this.”
There is no practical reason for Sherlock to avoid the upper deck during daylight hours; John’s mess will not be on duty, which means that Sherlock will not be putting any of their lives at risk, but still he almost turns the invitation down.
John bristled. “The whole point of this blog is to give people a human account of what happened. People aren’t just interested in dry facts, Sherlock. They want to know how it feels to be in situations like that. In case you hadn’t noticed, the rest of us are human beings and we happen to have emotions.”
“Please don’t waste my time denying it. It’s perfectly obvious. Your fingers are covered with it, and that particular brand is unique in color, I’d recognize it anywhere. The only other person on board who uses the stuff is Lieutenant Deverall, and I know for a fact that someone’s been stealing it from him—he was complaining about it just the other day.”
. He doesn’t know anything about your capacity to love because he doesn’t have the ability himself. He can’t see it because he doesn’t know what it looks like.”
Anderson slinks away with his tail between his legs and Sherlock is so pleased to see Anderson firmly put in his place that he almost smiles.
He didn’t know if he had the stamina to enact the fantasy quite so precisely but hell if he wasn’t going to try.
He started to push himself to his feet and Sherlock reached for his arm to help him up. Sherlock’s fingers closed inadvertently around the wound on John’s bicep.
Sherlock nods. His mind feels slightly numb at the edges, still sizzling. The colors have receded but the memory of them lingers: pale ghosts behind Sherlock’s eyes.
John struggled to maintain distance between them as he dragged Sherlock closer to the bed. Sherlock opened his mouth and his lips traveled, soft and hot, along the underside of John’s jaw. John gritted his teeth against the sensation.
Some distant part of his brain registered that Sherlock was on his phone beside him, speaking rapidly, his voice brittle with anger. “Well, you certainly took your time. No, we didn’t. We’re still on the bloody ship. No, we’re having a lovely time. Yes, telling stories, roasting marshmallows and just enjoying the view really.”
Sherlock takes it, eyes still searching the crowd for John. He places his violin case at his feet, so he can hold his drink with both hands, and then settles himself against the sun-warmed railing to watch the madness unfold.
“In future, try and keep the overblown emotional details out of it. I don’t want to waste my time fending off readers of the sensationalized novel.” Sherlock turned angrily and headed for the door, but he stopped before going through it. “Oh, and don’t misinterpret that as evidence that you have any talent whatsoever as a writer. On the contrary, I would advise you very strongly against quitting your day job.”
He tries to let the sound of it anchor him in this moment; along with the feeling of John’s forehead against his own, John’s warm cheek under his hand.
John tried to formulate a question but Sherlock didn’t give him the chance to finish. His head was back between John’s thighs, taking the head of John’s cock between his lips and swallowing it down almost to the hilt.
John’s hands are rubbing soothing circles up and down the length of Sherlock’s back. He concentrates on the movement—tries to ground his teeming thoughts in that soothing repetitive motion. But still his thoughts hum like a swarm of bees, listing every inch of John that he can reach:
He imagines John’s hands on his hips, guiding him; imagines the long, slow shudder of bliss moving through John’s body as he sinks into Sherlock until his own hips cradle the curves of Sherlock’s arse; imagines his own feeling of pleasure at the sensation of being filled up with John so completely.
“The winds have changed. We’ve lost the head wind that was giving us such an advantage. From what I overheard, we’re no longer making the speed the captain wants to get us to port on time.”
At the thought of John, Sherlock feels his heartbeat speed up. He’s just passing the partition now, on the other side of which he knows very well John is standing, manning the pumps.
“It’s moments like these when I find myself longing for life on shore. I would give anything for the feeling of solid ground underneath my feet, for the smell of the earth—for the touch of it, warm and alive in my hands. God, Sherlock, what I wouldn’t give for the sight of something green and growing.”
Sherlock was still fully clothed above him and there was something distinctly erotic about the fact that Sherlock was still dressed and he was not—something lewd about all his nakedness laid out for the hungry sweep of Sherlock’s gaze, his dripping cock trapped under the expensive material of Sherlock’s trousers.
Normally he would feel too self-conscious to do what John asked, but not now, with John’s eyes on him like this, warm and dark, his hands sliding up Sherlock’s thighs to frame his hips as Sherlock begins to stroke, almost weeping from relief at the direct contact, finally, after what feels like an eternity of waiting.
“Do you want to go and talk to her? I have to get back soon anyway,” John says with a sinking sound in his voice. “My shift is almost over.”
Sherlock is more grateful than ever for the cool shadows of the gangway—he is certain his face has never been redder than it is right now.
John dropped his other hand to the bed and leaned into Sherlock with the full weight of his hips. He heard Sherlock gasp as he pushed all the way in. Sherlock dropped his head back against the mattress, his eyelids fluttering shut.
The pain is always the same, the discovery upon waking as brutal each time as it was the first. He will never get used to it, but he clings to the pain because it’s all he has left. Because without the pain it would be like Sherlock never existed, his life would be the way it was before, and John can never go back.
to help people. He wouldn’t have stood by and let a man die if he knew he could do something about it.
He looks down at John’s threadbare trousers, sees for the first time the seams that are evidence of where they’ve been mended over and over. He looks at John’s jacket, where it’s folded neatly at his feet, sees where the collar is ringed with salt stains and sweat, the material thin at the elbows, and remembers suddenly with what reverence John folded his scarf and waistcoat the night of the party, how he tried to set them so carefully on Sherlock’s desk, and something hot and painful fills Sherlock’s chest that feels an awful lot like shame.
Distantly, he hears a woman’s scream down the passageway, over the violent creak of the ship, and the twinge of fear that runs down Sherlock’s spine has nothing to do with the scream but with the distance the ship lists this time—too far, too far—the hull will surely break upon the waves.
He remembers something John said to him the last time they were together in his room, how it affected him. He wonders if John will be affected in the same way he was; he is curious to see.
How he will even manage to do so without them being seen together is a problem he has yet to sort out.
Sherlock pulled back and then pressed his forehead to John’s. “Thank god you’re alright. For a moment there…” Sherlock’s blue eyes burned into his with the intensity of his concern.
With a renewed sense of purpose, Sherlock climbs out of bed, and strips off his ruined shirt. He takes the time to wash his face, and shave; he even drags a comb through his ragged curls. He needs to look at least mildly presentable if he plans to dine with the rest of the passengers in the saloon for the midday meal.
Sitting in the center of it, wearing a dove grey suit, his mad dark eyes roving happily around the room, was James Moriarty. He was swinging his feet with undisguised glee, legs crossed neatly at the ankles.
Sherlock, who had been sleeping soundly as evidenced by the gentle rise and fall of his back against John’s chest, made a small, barely distinguishable sound of displeasure when John rolled away.
All the men raise their glasses, including John, who looks pointedly at Sherlock as he raises his mug to his mouth and drinks.
. The knowledge that he was stroking at the heart of Sherlock’s body, this deepest, most intimate part of him, that likely
Sherlock swallows down his nervousness, and attempts to affect the tone of someone who’s trying to fill the awkward silence, rather than glean information.
“This has nothing to do with logic!” John shouted. He took a deep breath, grasping at the frayed threads of his control. "Sometimes you have to give people time, Sherlock. People need to work things out in their own time."
Sherlock is suddenly very conscious of the way the look of shock on Lestrade’s face is transforming to a much softer expression as he continues to stare at Molly, and of the way Molly seems to be radiating a quiet kind of joy at his side as she looks back at him, and all at once he’s painfully aware of the fact that his presence is no longer required.
However, as John leads them deeper into the heaving green tangle of trees and fragrant foliage, all recognizable traces of any kind of path long since vanished, Sherlock begins to wonder how exactly John can tell where they are going—even
“You can—you can hold me a little tighter if you like… and go a little—yes, like that—a little faster.”
They break the surface and all the furor of the yelling crowd is swallowed in a single heartbeat by the silence of the waves.
John’s mouth, John’s mouth is around his cock—his cock is in John’s mouth. John’s beautiful, incredible, singing, smiling mouth is currently folded warm and wet around
“No?” he asks, teasing, his voice still full of laugher, eyes glimmering as he takes a step closer to Sherlock. “What do you think? Should we do some chores first? Collect wood for a fire? Fetch water? Prepare things for dinner?”
The range of emotion in John’s voice is all the more powerful to Sherlock for the fact that this time, he cannot see John’s face as he sings—he can only hear him—and still,
He began to fuck Sherlock with his tongue, hands sliding down to grip the flesh of Sherlock’s thighs, holding them apart.
She ducks her head, as though looking for her fallen courage somewhere at her feet. When she looks back up at Sherlock, she is smiling again, this time without a trace of melancholy. The genuineness of the smile changes her whole face. Instead of pinched and nervous, she looks young… sweet.
John waited for his breathing to slow, and then slid down Sherlock’s body so that he was settled more comfortably—his legs tangled neatly between Sherlock’s, his face now taking up residence under the sharp curve of Sherlock’s jaw. Despite the stickiness between their bellies, he felt perfectly content to stay exactly where he was, and Sherlock didn’t seem keen on moving anytime soon.
“Nope, not with what I have in mind. You will emerge from the experience as cool as the corpses in St. Bart’s.”
“Do I?” John asks, his eyes glinting in the brightening room. “Tell me, Sherlock. Tell me how it feels.”
Before Sherlock can make his way to John’s side, he’s intercepted by MacTavish—the giant, red-bearded sailor who made such an ill-advised bet with John a few weeks back. He slings a massive arm across Sherlock’s shoulders.
Sherlock kissed him again, pushed another finger in, and John gave a low cry at the sensation, lifting his hips. The burn was worse now but the slight pain only served to heighten his arousal.
A man appears around the foremast and comes to stand at Anderson’s shoulder, his eyes narrowed, clearly displeased.
Sherlock can feel John looking at him, but he still cannot bring himself to meet John’s gaze after all he has confessed.
As his eyes comb over the sea of faces before them, Sherlock is distressed to see several of the female passengers—both young and old—bowing their heads together in fervent whispered conversation, their eyes on John, their cheeks as flushed as Sherlock’s own.
, it was just a dream. This is what people had warned him about—the slow slide into madness as he refuses to give up on the impossible chance that Sherlock is alive, that Sherlock will come back.
Sherlock cannot help himself, he looks up, fascinated, speechless for the second time that day that this man would not only willingly seek out Sherlock’s company, but offer to teach him something useful.
prove is that the captain is smuggling—he could simply be desperate to catch the perpetrator. Knowing his penchant for poisoning, he doesn’t seem the sort of man to let a misdemeanor go unpunished, no matter how wrong footed.
He still cannot take John as deep as he would like but he compensates with his lips and tongue, reaching around with one hand to grip the base of John’s cock and beginning to stroke, more rapidly than the pace John has set, encouraging him to speed up the movement of his hips, to lose himself in the wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth.
The sleeve of Sherlock’s suit jacket had bunched up as he tightened his arm around John’s waist. John saw a smudge of purple and instinctively grabbed for Sherlock’s hand. Very gently, he pushed the sleeve of his jacket up to his elbow.
He cannot risk going back down to Ferguson’s room, not with Knott likely loitering in the hallway nearby, and it will only take Ferguson a matter of minutes to discover that his room is empty.
John kept his arms around him, studied the dramatic shadows on Sherlock’s face, the grooves under his cheeks, around his mouth, thrown into sharp relief from the light of the fire.
Sherlock leaned over until his mouth was centimeters from John’s, until John could feel the heat of Sherlock’s breath against his lips. Sherlock’s eyes stayed on his, low-lidded, dark, questioning.
John snarled in response. His fist shot up and caught Sherlock in the cheek, knocking him off balance.
The distant sounds of the party across the deck fade away completely, and it is only John and Sherlock, alone on a wide sea; the night stars could be singing in Sherlock’s ear, he is deaf to them in this moment, blind to everything but the shimmer of John’s eyes in the dark as he turns toward Sherlock.
Sherlock shivers, thrilled by the vulgarity of John’s language, surging up against John to bring their mouths together, but John evades him with a mischievous grin, his expression growing playful again.
The feel of John’s eyes on him as he presses his lips to the sensitive skin at the center of his palm is so intimate Sherlock gasps aloud, his body leaning instinctively against the railing at his back, searching for support as his knees begin to buckle.
His eyes are still squeezed shut but he feels the heat of John’s mouth pressing a kiss in against the side of his neck, before asking in a constricted voice. “How does that feel?”
Sometimes, he pictures them together in a boat on a wide, wide sea. Neither of them are wearing clothes (for what need have they of clothes, alone, together in the tropical heat?), and John is sun-bronzed and smiling, teaching Sherlock how to fish, the muscles in his body lean and shining, as he shows Sherlock how to cast the net, where to place his feet when hauling in the catch.
Sherlock cried out but John swallowed the sound, his mouth slipping over Sherlock’s swollen lips, grazing the sensitive skin with his teeth. John felt Sherlock’s body trembling beneath him with the beginning of his orgasm, his nails biting into the skin of John’s neck as he hung on, pushing up into John’s thrusts, his calves tensing against John’s shoulders. John reached behind his neck to take Sherlock’s hands in his and push them down against the mattress over Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock cannot stand another second. This time, he’s the one to reach out and take John’s arm. “Let’s go.” His voice is strained. “Please.”
John leans in and kisses him—lightly, sweetly—his fingers trailing briefly down Sherlock’s cheek before he sits back.
Before he quite realizes what’s happening, Sherlock finds himself being borne along by the will of the crowd towards the barrel of rum where Stamford is dutifully doling out each man’s share with a good-natured smile on his round, pink face.
“I’m fine,” he told Sherlock, waving away his attempt to help John the rest of the way up the stairs. This gesture should have been another tip-off that something was amiss, but John was too intent on getting to the bathroom to notice. “I’m just going to go clean up.”
“Hey,” he said, letting go of Sherlock’s hand so he could push back his chair and stand up. “Hey, come here.”
“Like I said, I can’t stay long. I only came here to tell you that I can’t… stay with you this morning.”
“Good to have you workin’ with us, Mr. Holmes. There’s nothing beats this tropical heat like a little heavy labor I always say.”
“That or a whole different range of unspeakable acts,” McKinley adds with a dark look before refilling his glass. “If you get my meaning.”
Sherlock kneels before him. The gesture is almost automatic, his desire to prostrate himself before John’s magnificence causing him to act before he can even question his reason for doing so; and now, on his knees before John, he feels with a profundity that reaches deep into his bones the appropriateness of the gesture, how the reverence in the pose, the worshipful quality makes John’s god-like status all the more apparent. He bows low for one silent moment, before straightening up to slide his hands with a low hiss of pleasure over the sharp angles of John’s hips and down over the bulging muscles in his thighs.
“I have to wait until dark. As soon as it’s dark…” John’s eyes are like a flash of sunlight on the water. “I’ll come to you.”
“Yes,” he whispers, his lips sticking against John’s cheek, his heart pounding harder than he’s ever felt it with love for the man above him. It’s as if what John has given Sherlock has shaken something lose inside himself—something that was caged up and trying to break free, but had no means of doing so.
He threw his hands back over his head, hands fisting in the blankets, his eyes shut—his body was dissolving, dissolving into pure feeling, into nothing but heat. He tried to push back up against Sherlock but Sherlock’s strong hands on his arse didn’t need the help. He wanted Sherlock to come—needed to feel it inside him.
At the memory of Sherlock, heaviness comes over him, seems to drag him down with the weight of his grief, at the sharp reminder that Sherlock is gone, gone, and John’s little charade at playing the consulting detective is nothing more than a sad man’s pathetic attempt to dodge his own grief. He takes several blind steps backwards until he reaches his chair, sinking into it with sudden fatigue.
Sherlock pushed John gently until his back was against the bathroom counter and he was positioned directly in front of Sherlock. Then, dipping his fingers into the container, he began combing the hair back from John’s forehead with expert fingers.
He led John until he was sitting in the middle of the blankets, and then sat back a moment to take in his handiwork, his expression soft and pleased.
The wind was blowing Sherlock’s hair across his forehead. It made goose bumps stand up on John’s bare arms. He suddenly remembered that they were standing on a street corner and he didn’t have a coat. He should have been cold, but he wasn’t. Or if he was, he didn’t care. He was shivering lightly but that wasn’t from the cold.
It is only a matter of seconds before sweat is beading on his temples, his brow, trickling down the back of his neck, and Sherlock is more grateful than ever for Miss Hooper’s practical gift to him.
Thanks to everyone for leaving comments and giving kudos! I know I sound like a broken record at this point, but really, I can't tell you how much I appreciate it. YOU FILL MY LIFE WITH JOY.
The rain had become a deluge, the drops hitting with such force they stung where they struck John’s skin. He was grateful for the sensation. It helped to numb him.
And he finds that playing here, under the open sky, surrounded by the ocean on all sides, the sunlight sharp in his eyes, drawing a shimmer of gold out on the surface of the water, nowhere has ever seemed more appropriate for this kind of music.
Thank you, thank you for your continued support and all your comments, bookmarks, and kudos. I appreciate them more than I can say. So please don't stop leaving them!
There is still space, infuriatingly, between John’s body and Sherlock’s, and John, Sherlock notes with vivid dismay, is still fully dressed in his jacket and shirt. This is intolerable, Sherlock thinks.
He tells Molly he’s going, tells her with a challenging set to his chin as if inviting her to try and stop him.
“I haven’t come for that either.” John sits quietly beside him. “Just came to say, if you’d ever like lessons in how to dodge a blow, and how to give as good as you get, well…” John shrugs. “I know a thing or two about fighting.”
Sherlock starts to answer—he wants to tell John about his meeting with the captain, about the risk he’s taken in doing so, to warn him that he’s afraid all might not be right—but John looks so happy right now, so relieved, that he cannot bring himself to darken the good mood just yet.
Sherlock is so lost in his own miserable thoughts that he’s surprised when John starts speaking again, his voice deceptively quiet.
He’s chanting in time with his thrusts; Sherlock sits up higher on his knees to meet him, delighting in the crush of John’s thighs around his arm. John is
The question is—why would Anderson suddenly be put in charge of John’s mess? It doesn’t make sense. The change is so sudden, so arbitrary, so
As if being buried in Sherlock’s throat wasn’t enough, John could feel, in every inch of his overly sensitized flesh, Sherlock humming with little, low moaning sounds of pleasure, deep in the base of his throat.
“No,” John shakes his head. “No, this wasn’t luck. This was you putting your extraordinary abilities to use. This time, to save a man’s life.”
Sherlock had managed to get to his feet but he was having trouble standing on his own. He was leaning heavily against Lestrade’s shoulder, glaring at anyone around him wearing a hospital uniform. It was evident that he still had very little muscle control.
The assembled crowd watches the entire proceedings with careful attention, the tension of the moment evident in their silence.
Sherlock assumed his most contrite expression. He threw in a little bit of horror to bring the message home.
John stands like that, leaning out into the sea to watch the anchor’s progress as it’s eased off another device with a hook at the end, before he climbs back over the gunwale.
“She told me—” Sherlock is laughing so hard he can barely get the words out. “She told me any time John needs a place to hide, she’s our—oh god! She’s our woman!”
“Forgive me, but—I was wondering if I might borrow Mr. Holmes. I just need a few words with him in private. Do you mind?”
Sherlock cannot imagine what on earth could be so difficult to figure out about men’s clothing—surely women’s garments are far more complicated. Molly is relatively bright. He doesn’t understand how it could possibly be taking this long.
“It’s all right,” he says, trying to make his voice sound reassuring and certain that it absolutely does not. He goes on quickly, before Molly can say anything else that makes her feel like crying. “Listen, the reason I came over here is to invite you to come and sit with me and John’s mess. I can introduce you as a midshipman from the
Sherlock shifts off of John’s thigh in order to lie beside him, nuzzling his face into the sticky hollow of John’s neck, and John hums in approval, eyes still shut, lifting his arm to drape it around Sherlock’s shoulders and pull Sherlock in against him.
As their eyes connected, the intimacy of the situation hit John with full force. It was like being punched in the chest. The enormity of Sherlock’s trust in that moment as he offered himself to John, something soft in the contours of his face rendering him infinitely more vulnerable—it took John’s breath away.
He repeated the gesture; keeping his movements slow and measured, until he saw Sherlock shut his eyes and the tension fall from the rigid line of his shoulders.
John must see something in Sherlock’s expression change because he too turns to look, and seeing Dimmock, his posture shifts subtly, shoulders squaring, chin lifting slightly.
Even though he knows now that it was just a nightmare, there is a darkness that sits somewhere heavy in his chest that won’t be moved, an irrational fear that something might have happened to John.
“You know you’re not supposed to be talkin’ to sailors.” Stevens says, his fist tightening alarmingly on the back of Sherlock’s neck. “So what are you doin’ down here, little rat?”
But then, from where he’s standing, he hears the murmur of voices in conversation, and although he cannot make out what they’re saying, he realizes that John is not alone up in his perch; there must be another man on watch beside him.
They pass through the cabins on the upper gun deck on their way to the stairs. Both Ferguson and Knott’s rooms are on this deck and Sherlock glances at them as they walk past. However, there’s neither a sign nor a movement from behind either closed door.
With far more speed than Sherlock imagined possible, Ferguson springs forward and seizes Sherlock by the collar.
Now that the initial shock had worn off, John found a whole litany of questions erupting in the wake of Sherlock’s confession. Up until just a few days ago, the only information he’d had about the role sex played in Sherlock’s life was that it took a backseat to pretty much everything else. He had no conception whatsoever of what Sherlock’s fantasy life might be like—or whether he had any sort of routine for pleasuring himself.
Sherlock shakes his head again; he’s finding it harder and harder to focus on what John is saying. John is standing so near—the heat, the scent of him is taking all of Sherlock’s attention.
The tentative hope that blooms in Sherlock’s chest in the wake of this thought feels like a living thing inside him.
“Well then, since we finally have the opportunity to speak together in private,” Miss Hooper continues, somewhat tentatively. “I thought I might tell you about what I remember from… from that night.” She pauses to glance around them quickly before lowering her voice. “The night of the party.”
Sherlock does, and then immediately remembers why he’s spent the last ten minutes doing everything in his power to avoid looking at John’s body.
John’s eyelashes feel wet against Sherlock’s skin, and he pulls back slowly, a note of admonishment in his voice. “John, you’re not crying again, are you?”
He holds Sherlock there, hands soft on the curves of his skull, his eyes gentle, full of amazement, before pulling Sherlock in for a kiss.
“Where is he?” Sherlock asked for the umpteenth time, leaning forward to peer through the window of the coach at the deserted London street.
“Oh, you love it,” Sherlock said through a mouth full of coffee cake, leaning his head in against John’s arm to get a better look at the paper in John’s lap.
If it’s any consolation to you, I can tell you that I have the bulk of the next chapter already written, so it shouldn’t be more than a week before I post the next part.
“Teach me, John,” he says, his head tipping back on the pillow, thighs spreading to take more of John inside of him, feeling lightheaded at the thought of John penetrating him, even if only in this small way.
But just as quickly Sherlock realizes that the jacket makes it worse. John has rolled the sleeves up to his elbows, revealing the shifting muscles in his forearms as he plays, and he has no shirt on underneath, so Sherlock still has full view of the pronounced shadow between his pectorals; can see that the dip in his throat where his collarbones meet is faintly iridescent with sweat.
“NO!” Sherlock hollered, skidding around the corner so fast to get out of the room he had to hang onto the doorframe.
John nods, and Sherlock feels his fingers trace another delicate line up the inside of his arm. He shivers in response.
“Good. That’s very good. I was wondering if…” Sherlock can almost hear the groan of the rusty cogs turning as he struggles to remember the proper way to phrase such a request. “That is, I’d like to ask if I might have the pleasure of your company later on this afternoon perhaps…” Sherlock’s eyes flick to the worn drawstring bag that is perpetually dangling off of Ms. Grimsby’s arm. “Over a game of whist?”
John bent down and very slowly slid his tongue over the head of Sherlock’s cock. He wrapped one hand around the base, keeping his other hand on Sherlock’s inner thigh. He felt Sherlock’s body tense as his tongue made a slow circle.
“Well, well, well, what have we here? A gentleman in his best coat running like a creature possessed back and forth across the ship’s decks, in the middle of a party no less. Whatever can be the reason for his haste?”
He pulls the rest of his clothes on with haste, all thoughts of his own hunger forgotten in his eagerness to go up top and find Lieutenant Lestrade and ensure that he’s all right.
Sherlock doesn’t know why—why suddenly he feels hot and flushed at the collar, like the air has been stolen from his lungs—just because John is speaking at a slightly lower timber, and is looking at his mouth.
John staggered backwards out of Sherlock’s reach, down the front steps and out into the rain. He clutched the torn edges of his jumper together, breathing hard, willing himself not to be sick again.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Sherlock whispers, his voice simultaneously fierce and full of awe. “That was…” There are no words that can even
He feels John tilt his head, his eyelashes fluttering against Sherlock’s cheeks as he moves in closer until John’s bottom lip gently grazes his own.
The song ends and they’ve been playing long enough now that Sherlock finds he is uncomfortably hot, sweat streaming down his temples and his back from the force of the afternoon sun. He pauses a moment, laying his instrument on his knees and lifting his chin, so that he can pull the knot loose in his neck cloth and tug the fabric free. The feeling of relief as he pulls the fabric from his throat is palpable, and he shuts his eyes momentarily, savoring the sensation of the breeze fluttering over the deck and his now bare skin.
Sherlock looks at John across the room, his face, smiling and patient as ever and feels a bit of his boldness return.
Sherlock’s voice is now a whisper. “I took myself in hand while I remembered… and I… I touched myself… all the while imagining it was you, that it was your hand around me.”
about what it is Deverall wanted to talk with him about. Why on earth would he have come to seek out Sherlock?
“Oh, Sherlock, Sherlock…” John is tilting his head so gently. He leans in to kiss one of the tears winding its way past Sherlock’s nose. “If I could go back in time, if I could, I would go back to each and every person who’s ever said anything cruel to you—and I would make them hurt ten times over for the hurt that they’ve caused you.”
John rubs Sherlock’s fingers between his own, his gaze softening. “You don’t have to repay me. I like doing things for you, Sherlock. I would do so much more for you if I could, you have no idea…”
John’s long moan as Sherlock begins to move against him is all the confirmation Sherlock needs that his plan is working.
They bid Lestrade a curt farewell and make their way back down the corridor and through the door in the quarterdeck in stunned silence.
, John wasn’t wrong when he described the feeling of this—the motion of his fingers is so smooth that it’s all Sherlock can do not to just keep touching himself until he finds release. If he always had something like this when he touched himself… my god.
“Through that door there is the cockpit,” John says, pointing to the door at the aft of the ship. “That’s where the purser has his cabin, and the steward. It also houses the captain’s storeroom, and the slop room, as well as the surgeon’s dispensary. Those hatches in the middle, there, lead down to the spirit room and the fish room.”
Lestrade looks up at Sherlock in surprise and Sherlock watches a range of emotions flicker over his face—recognition, exasperation, and then, something like weary resignation.
“You’re quite good at this, you know,” John says one day, after Sherlock has eaten every crumb off the plate John has brought him, drained the jug of water beside his bed.
The rest of the ship seems relatively quiet. The men seem to be going about their usual business. However, as Sherlock looks up at the sails, it’s immediately apparent that they’ve lost the wind: the sails hang slack and listless by the masts. The sight fills the pit of Sherlock’s stomach with dread.
Several couples had already thrust their belongings into the gunman’s hands and had been granted access to the hallway outside. Whoever had planned this seemed to have the impression that the fire would be contained within the ballroom; but if John knew anything about fire, it was that it was rarely contained.
Sherlock had chosen to stay onboard the ship largely because he did not wish to be in the company of the other passengers for any duration that the various activities required, but looking back now, he realizes that some part of his decision was also motivated by the fact that he did not want to miss any opportunity to spend observing the actions of the blue-eyed sailor.
The ship heaves again and Sherlock’s stomach with it. He throws himself over the side of the bed just in time, coughing until there is nothing left to come up.
John had already pulled out his pocketknife, and he made short work of cutting away the torn fabric around the wound.
When he turns back around, his face is softer but the hard look in his eyes remains. “I’ll tell you someday. Not right now.”
Music is different than so many of the things Sherlock is fascinated with. It is complex and mathematical, and can be planned and calculated to a certain degree, but what Sherlock really loves about it is that quality that cannot be predicted or planned, that degree to which music is always just slightly beyond his grasp, so that when things are really working well, he is able to move beyond the structure, beyond the physical makeup of the instrument, and the mathematics of the composition.
He fights to keep his expression cool, impassive, but he’s certain that the captain can see every trace of the terror that’s pounding through him right now, shaking him to the core.
Sherlock moves from the shadow of the gangway to the shadow by the longboats, scanning the deck as he goes for any sign of John.
“Yes—” John lets out a groan, his eyes sliding closed. “Fuck me with your fingers, Sherlock. Yes, yes—
Sherlock does not turn to meet John’s gaze—he’s worried if he does he will not be able to stop himself from pushing John down against this fallen tree and offering John the cool sweetness of his mouth, kissing him until they lose all sense of time and place.
The fact that John would be willing to leave his friends, to abandon his rare chance to sing and drink and laugh with them, just to be with Sherlock, is so staggering it wrenches the world back into perspective. Sherlock wants this, wants to try and be a part of John’s world.
Perhaps what John said earlier was true—maybe he doesn’t need to do much more than put his mouth around John. After all, he thinks, remembering the way it felt to have John do this for him yesterday, if John has anything like the same experience then it shouldn’t require too much skill on Sherlock’s part.
If Mrs. Hudson notices his sudden shift of mood, she doesn’t say anything about it. There was a rather awkward encounter by the front door one afternoon when John came in with his shopping bags full of bells jangling like a Salvation Army Santa at Christmas. With a curt, “Afternoon, Mrs. Hudson,” John hurried up the stairs past her before she could ask him why he was purchasing Christmas decorations in January. However, he did not escape the significantly worried look she sent his way. If anything, these days she is treating John more cautiously than ever.
Sherlock starts like a rabbit at the sound of the hunter’s rifle. He drops the matches he was holding, almost tripping over the chair in his eagerness to reach the door.
The room is so quiet Sherlock is certain they can all hear the dull thud of his heartbeat, the sickness rising in his belly.
His mouth waters at the thought and he watches John’s eyes grow hazy with pleasure as his tongue laps at the calluses on John’s finger, over his knuckles, his own hips still thrusting in an attempt to reestablish the drag of their cocks coming together.
it’s not enough, because there is clothing between them creating a barrier between John’s skin and Sherlock’s, and this is intolerable.
John’s head has fallen back in the sand, his hips rising steadily now to meet Sherlock’s mouth, as he takes Sherlock’s finger deeper.
“It doesn’t matter to me that you don’t know what to do. I don’t care how much you know or don’t know; I want
His tears are hot on the bare skin of Sherlock’s neck and he’s probably ruining Sherlock’s shirt but he doesn’t care. He wraps his arms around Sherlock’s back, feels Sherlock’s leg twining between his in an effort to bring them closer together, and they fit so snugly against each other it’s like the curves of John’s body were made to compliment the lines of Sherlock’s.
John flipped over onto his belly and dragged himself across the bed until he was right next to Sherlock. He put his weight on his elbows and leaned down over him. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock cries out again, hitching himself up on his elbows and opening his eyes to look down at the sight of John, golden head bent over Sherlock’s cock, Sherlock’s legs around his shoulders, the muscles in his arms standing out as he massages Sherlock’s arse.
John pulled off his jacket and, bunching it up to cover his mouth, made his way in the direction of the flames, moving along the wall at a crouch.
“Oh, Sherlock.” To his surprise, John’s voice, when he speaks, is full of sorrow. “You beautiful, brilliant, foolish thing.”
He reached up a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, his own voice dropping to a whisper. “Of course, I love you. God, Sherlock—”
Mycroft is useless as an older brother, never around when you need him—only there to scold you and look disapproving when things are at their worst.
And then a tiny eager voice in Sherlock’s brain supplies him with the thought that perhaps clothing will not be an item at the top of his priority list in the coming hours.
He fell back against his bedroom door, hard, his cock in his hand. Without even bothering to push his trousers down his thighs he began to stroke himself with long, unsteady strokes. He had promised himself he wouldn’t think of Sherlock, and he’d been true to his word for weeks, but now he abandoned all pretenses of controlling his thoughts and let himself go. He imagined Sherlock’s mouth on his, hot and desperate, as his hands slid down over his ribs to hold him hard by the hips. He imagined taking Sherlock’s cock in his hand, Sherlock’s body arching down over John’s, tugging him closer by the grip on his arse, dragging their cocks together until the sweet friction of their bare flesh against each other, coupled with the drag of Sherlock’s teeth down John’s throat, pushed him over the edge.
He fell quiet and feeling half-scared to do so, leaned his own head down until his cheek was resting against Sherlock’s hair.
“Does it matter? How could it possibly matter to you one way or another?” He’s yelling again. Mycroft’s only reaction is to raise one eyebrow a fraction of an inch.
“How do you wake up every morning knowing you’re the one who sold him out? That you handed your brother over to a criminal mastermind? You
John lifts himself onto his elbows to smile down at Sherlock, a lock of salt-stiffened hair slipping down into his eyes as he does, the sun, a glittering halo behind his head.
The feeling of his bare skin, still so pleasantly cool from the ocean, warming by degrees in the heat of the sun, the breeze moving over his stomach and chest lessening the intensity of the sun’s warmth, the heat of the sun on his eyelids and lips as gentle as a kiss… he’s keenly aware of all of it.
“I’m Lieutenant Lestrade by the way.” Sherlock looks up, his gaze sharpening. Lestrade. A French name. But the man’s accent is clearly English. Curious. “If you ever need anything, well…” The officer inclines his head. “I’m at your disposal.”
Although he’s fairly certain he knows whose letter it was that the courier was waiting on, he’d like to find out from Billy for certain.
“Sword wound,” he says, breathless. “Battle of San Domingo. A Frenchman came at me from behind—I was engaged in combat with two other men and he snuck up behind me, caught me unawares. Not very gentlemanly. But he didn’t live long after that.”
That bitterness is back in his voice, and Sherlock is certain then, that the decision to leave England was not Ferguson’s own.
John puts his mouth to her ear, says something in a low voice that Sherlock cannot hear, and he watches her whole body convulse with giggles.
It’s only in the silence after he speaks that it occurs to Sherlock that perhaps he shouldn’t have said all this out loud.
John pulled Sherlock’s hand to his mouth and kissed his fingers, kissed his open palm. His heart was pure gold, hammered thin.
Lost in contemplation, Sherlock almost misses the seething form of Anderson as he strides down the deck and into a boy climbing down from aloft.
He hated how helpless it made him feel, how senseless, like some small quivering quarry caught in the crosshairs of a hunter’s rifle, stripped of all ability to do anything but panic, frozen, reduced to the condition of shrinking blood vessels and a rapidly beating heart, trapped in a body of tiny, breakable bones.
John licks into him, his tongue mimicking the slow caress of his hand, and it’s so good—it’s so exactly what he wants—what he
Sherlock takes a brief turn around the perimeter of the ship, making note of the pair of men on watch, the other two standing at the helm. He is relieved to see no sign of Anderson or Stevens, or even Burns for that matter—Sherlock’s guilt if he had run into the older sailor would have been too much to bear.
He drops down to one knee as Billy fishes through his coat pockets, partly to be on level with the boy, but mostly because his knees have turned to water.
“Apprenticeships usually last four or five years but I was a fast learner, so after two years I was nearing the end of my training. Then, two months before I turned eighteen, I was down at the public house one night when a gang of mercenaries came in. They seized all the men in the tavern, took us to their headquarters on Tower Hill. We were presented to the lieutenant, asked about our experience at sea. I told them the truth—that I had never been to sea, that I was a surgeon’s apprentice. They asked to see my hands. They saw I had a laborer’s hands—the evidence was there from my years of working in the fields. I told them I was a farmer’s son. They laughed, told me, ‘No farmer’s son becomes a surgeon.’ I spent the night in a room with a crowd of other men—mostly merchant sailors, a few fishermen. They barred the door so we couldn’t get out. I’ll never forget that night. I was desperate to get some word to my father, to Mary, to tell them I was bound for sea, but there wasn’t time. We set sail the next day for Gibraltar.”
Sherlock wants to watch the expression on John’s face but his eyes are falling shut, and he cannot stop them—he is overcome, and with his eyes closed he can concentrate better on the feel of John’s callused palm gripping him, and on the feel of John’s thumb as it slides over the head of his erection, swirling in an agonizing circle.
“I know what you need, love. I’m going to give it to you. I’m going to give you something so much better than you can possibly imagine.”
“No, Sherlock. I never told you that. You just inferred. You wanted so badly for it to be true that you invented it.” Sherlock can hear that horrible gentle note of pity in his voice. It's like a knife flaying open Sherlock's chest. “You made it up.”
The notes are appearing so fast in Sherlock’s mind that his fingers can’t keep up. He reaches for a fresh sheaf of pages to mark down the unstoppable stream of new music that is welling up within him.
But he finds that he cannot finish the thought. Even in the face of his giddy relief, he is overwhelmed with the sudden superstitious fear that if he speaks of it, it will not come true; that at any moment their fate could change again.
“It’s perfect,” Sherlock says softly. He’s speaking just above a whisper because everything about this moment feels sacred, holy. “This place… being here with you, it’s… everything.”
He rolled onto his side, and Sherlock coiled around him like a garter snake, the slender curve of his hips tucking in against John’s back.
“Yes, that’s lovely,” John murmurs as he pulls the strip of cloth free, baring Sherlock’s throat. “Oh god, yes.”
Much to Sherlock’s delight, the pathway of the airborne rodent takes him right to the feet of the watchful sailor.
Stevens bends low over him, his voice hard with malice. “My patience is about used up, so unless you want me to tell our friend the Midshipman about seeing you down here, I suggest you tell me what it was you were up to.”
John reached down to drag his trousers back on. “Indeed, I am. It’s one of your least-lauded faculties. I should compliment you on it more often.”
The glimmer of fire that lies at the center of John has rarely had cause to make itself known, but now is one of those times when Sherlock can see it blazing out of him, can see why John survived being pressed to sea with no knowledge of seamanship, why he was able to endure three years in service at war with the French, loading the cannons and lowering the sails in the heat of battle, three years spent up to his knees in blood and bilge-water sawing off men’s legs in the stinking bowels of ships that were being blown to pieces all around him.
Sherlock thinks again of what John must have looked like crouched beside his bed, dipping rag after rag into cold water, wringing them out over him in his desperation to bring Sherlock’s fever down, trying to force water between his dry lips.
John’s voice is insistent. “I say all this because I care about you. Your life is worth more to me than anything else in the world and I will stop at nothing to keep harm from coming to you. I’ll stand by you no matter what you do, but if there’s anything I can do to keep you safe, I’m going to do it and that includes telling you this. I won’t stop you, Sherlock,” John says, his voice gentling, “but I have to warn you, all right?”
John pulls Sherlock down against his side, and Sherlock can’t help but gasp as his hips settle in against John’s thigh. His cock is still achingly hard and even that brush of contact is enough to make his whole body stiffen in response.
Suddenly he looks so old again. His face is drawn—that same, tight smile pulling at his mouth. He sighs, draws a deep breath, blinks the sun out of his eyes.
Now that his eyes have adjusted to the dim light, Sherlock can also see that the space is bigger than he initially thought, but the place is packed to the gills with people of all sorts. Many of them are sailors but Sherlock can see the same diversity in the tavern’s population that he saw represented outside on the wharf. He recognizes the British sailors by their clothes—the majority of the ones he sees are likely from the
John tugs at the curls, lowering his mouth to Sherlock’s and Sherlock cries out low in his throat, his body surging up against John’s, his free hand reaching out to clutch at the material of John’s shirt to pull John closer.
He listens to John’s gasps in response—the sounds so soft and almost… delicate—and Sherlock smiles as he tucks his head back in against John’s throat, inhaling the sharp scent of John’s sweat as he circles the head of John’s cock with his fingers, pulling back the skin to touch more of this most sensitive part of him.
as some ancient, slow-moving aquatic beast like the ones he’s seen in the drawings from his father’s library, her bulging sides encrusted with barnacles, her long curving tail trailing plumes of sea weed.
John’s tongue is warm in Sherlock’s mouth; pushing softly against his own, and then John’s hands are sliding down to cup his arse, fingers kneading at the muscled flesh.
“Come on, Johnny Boy, you can tell me. I won’t tell a soul, I promise. How did you do it? Did you take my advice? Did you flash a little extra skin one morning on your way to the shower? Rub up against him in a tight corner? Or was it your damsel in distress act on the cruise ship? Was he so
“I like watching you watch me,” John says, dropping his head further to gaze at Sherlock’s face. “The way you look at me, you make me feel… utterly unique.”
It should be frightening, but to Sherlock, who knows he’s not actually at risk, it’s utterly breathtaking.
John’s smile grows roguish, and the sight of it makes the heavy feeling in Sherlock’s heart grow momentarily lighter. It’s proof that John is back to normal.
Sherlock thinks about all that John has given him—all the times that John has put Sherlock’s pleasure first—how gentle he has been, how patient—and suddenly it is imperative that Sherlock gets this right.
John goes on speaking, his voice like syrup, like honey, like molten chocolate drizzling off a spoon.
However, that had been almost a week ago, and they’d hardly spent any time in their luxurious room at all. They’d spent most of the week tailing the Swiss banker they were working to apprehend, which involved long hours of following expensive black bank cars, crawling through back alleys, and hiding behind sausage venders on frozen street corners, waiting for their target to appear.
Before he can think what to do with his arms though, she’s pulling away, establishing a much more reasonable amount of space between them.
Another memory leapt to the forefront of Sherlock’s mind: John climbing nimbly to the top of the barrel as Sherlock snatched unsuccessfully at the back of John’s jumper in a fruitless effort to restrain him, calling out in a carrying voice, “AHOY MATIES!” while Sherlock’s own frantic whisper (“No, John! They’re not that kind of pirate!”), was lost in the din of the surrounding sea.
He was fairly certain he hadn’t broken it, but he had made no attempt to soften the blow when he’d thrown his head forward, so he wanted to be absolutely sure.
Dimmock does not have to call for order again. It’s clear that he has an announcement to make and after the unprecedented events of this afternoon, they are all anxious to hear the news from the quarterdeck.
“Our previous captain fell ill just before we set sail. We did not know who would be commanding the vessel until the morning we left the harbor.”
He watches John’s eyes go heavy-lidded in response to the sound and then John is leaning in, his other hand coming up to cup Sherlock’s face, his voice a low thread of heat between them.
Sherlock tries to imagine how those hands would feel on his bare flesh, stroking his flanks, holding him down against the bed, and he curls over his own fist, speeding up the movement of his strokes, his breath coming hot against the hand clenched over his mouth.
John takes the hint, his body language changing in an instant—the looseness in his posture, the inward tilt toward Sherlock resolving back into his natural gait, upright, broad-shouldered, confident.
How fitting, John thought, bringing Sherlock’s hand up to his mouth and pressing a kiss to his knuckles.
. Either that, or Sherlock will travel back to England with John. He’ll simply tell the men working in the Bombay office that Sherlock Holmes was lost at sea. They can send word back to his family. “Drowned,” he’ll tell them. “In a storm. He was thrown overboard.”
“It’s fine,” John says, and his voice is as warm and reassuring as ever. “Watch, I’ll show you what to do.”
John must feel it too because when Sherlock moves against him, pulling John half-an inch closer to him at the end of a turn, he hears John breathe in sharply, as if in pain, but Sherlock knows that sound all too well by now to know that it is not the sound John makes when he is in pain. Quite the opposite, in fact…
There was a patch of pink light on the floor by the foot of the stairs, shimmering strangely, clearly reflecting a pool of water at the base of the window, but seeing it there, bright and inexplicable in the dim shadows of the stairwell, where it would have been impossible just an hour before, made joy swell sharp and sudden in John’s chest.
Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, he sets the empty glass back on the table as everyone erupts into cheers.
Sherlock let out a strangled yell, his body clenching hard around John’s fingers, hips thrusting up, and then he was coming, shooting into John’s mouth in pulse after pulse as his orgasm ripped through him.
Sherlock, whose own rage was lying dormant in the presence of the menacing Stevens, feels all of his fury engulf him like a sudden storm at sea. How
John shook his head, unable to meet Sherlock’s eyes. He was slightly surprised by his own embarrassment, but when he thought back over all the sex they’d had in the last two days, how loud he’d been…
John drew a breath, his muscles tensing, and then straightened up like a spring uncoiling, lashing out with his foot into the corner of the room.
How to explain that his self-doubt is something that is with him always, like a shadow he cannot shake? That his self-worth is so fragile it can apparently fall apart under the influence of a single poisonous thought worming its way into his brain?
Sherlock thinks about his dream from the previous night, the thin, eerie sound of the sirens’ singing; he thinks about the silver of the moonlight where it caught in their swirling hair, how it seemed to move with a life of its own.
“I bet they wrote you love letters—pages and pages of odes dedicated to your eyes, your hands—your mouth—and then burned them in secret.”
“I can’t wait anymore,” Sherlock says, his voice breathless, deeper than he’s ever heard it. “Even if I wanted to, I can’t, John. Please. Don’t make me wait anymore.”
He was still struggling to process the revelation that Sherlock could make him go from sleepy contentment to the razor edge of arousal in under ten seconds.
“One of the lads who lost the bet, he didn’t have wages he could offer me, so I accepted this in lieu of payment.”
Sherlock does, silently, keeping some distance between himself and the Lieutenant so that it’s not immediately apparent that he’s following him.
Just the feel of Sherlock clenching against him, each muscle in his body curled tight before uncoiling, so that he now lay loose and heavy against John, his warm mouth still pressed against John’s throat, was almost enough to push him over the edge.
Just when Sherlock’s patience is at its end and he’s about to go knock on the door himself, Molly opens the door a crack.
Sherlock finds John’s mouth again, kissing him more softly this time, hands sliding up John’s back to his shoulder blades to pull John closer in against him.
Sherlock whimpers with pleasure, his hips stuttering up against John’s thigh, seeking friction, and then his whimper turns to a moan as John pushes his thigh in against the bulge in Sherlock’s breeches, rubbing the length of Sherlock’s trapped cock, his fingers tugging all the while in Sherlock’s curls.
He lifted his head off Sherlock’s neck, wriggling slightly backward to break the circle of Sherlock’s arms so he could reach down between them and take Sherlock in his hand.
Sherlock shuts his eyes briefly in fury, and then opens them again, begging whatever deity may be listening for patience. “Let me by, Anderson.”
“John—” There was a note of desperation in Sherlock’s voice and just as he opened his mouth to speak John swept his tongue over it, making Sherlock groan beneath him, pushing his chest up against John’s mouth.
He’s heard of the cheap whistle favored by sailors, made of tin, often called the penny whistle, but he’s never seen a drum like the one in the stocking-capped sailor’s hands before and he is mesmerized by the dexterity with which he strikes it using the small stick.
His hips began to move in time with the rhythm of his fist on Sherlock’s cock, grinding down against Sherlock’s thigh. He hoped Sherlock didn’t mind because at this point, he could not stop.
When he is finished, he sets the fat sheaf of pages on the desk and stares at it with satisfaction, then turns to look at the corner of his bed where his violin is tucked away. His fingers are itching to play it. He wonders if there will be musicians at the celebration tonight and feels a hot spike of jealousy at the thought.
Sherlock watches John’s eyebrows lift in surprise at this information. “And you think Ferguson is responsible?”
“How can you choose to stay with me when I put you in a situation like that? When it’s my fault you fall prey to the caprices of a madman who chained you up, who threatened you, mutilated you—” Sherlock’s breathing was growing increasingly unsteady. “Who treated you like meat on a chopping block—
He sits up on his knees, feeling his arousal increase as he pulls the stopper free and coats his fingers—thinking of John as he does so, John’s hand on his guiding his hand down between John’s legs.
John must sense his struggle from the tension in his body because suddenly his hands on Sherlock’s arse are pushing gently, coaxing his hips to thrust in the same rhythm as the movement of his mouth.
“No! It’s not going to end like this!” Sherlock’s voice was suddenly a snarl. “I won’t give him the satisfaction.”
John sat and stared around him again in dumbfounded disbelief. He never would have suspected. Sherlock Holmes, a romantic.
John arched up into Sherlock’s mouth, hips pumping with abandon, fingers clawing at Sherlock’s back. From his own mouth poured a steady stream of blessings and obscenities mixed with broken articulations of Sherlock’s name. “Holy Christ—Sher—Sherlock—Jesus, yes—
“Good,” John says, his hand settling on Sherlock’s lower back to lead him off the dance floor. “I just need to stop by the table on our way out to collect my things. I left them with the lads when I came in.”
He’s having a hard-enough time keeping himself in check as it is; he knows he will not be able to manage the sight of John kneeling before him, his golden head bent attentively as he lifts each of Sherlock’s feet to remove his boots.
He finds he cannot imagine it. His own life has been full of misery and neglect but no sorrow Sherlock has experienced can touch what John has been made to undergo. The thought that this could happen to John, that he could be snatched from his life with no means to protest, no chance of resistance, fills Sherlock with a white, hot rage on his behalf.
Sherlock had seen one of the boats pull up this morning, full of people who looked different than most people Sherlock had seen before, their skin very dark, their clothing brightly colored, speaking a language he knew was not Portuguese.
John felt the tremor in Sherlock’s hands as they slid down to grasp his shoulders and heard Sherlock sigh against him, as though overwhelmed.
As usual, it is this contrast at the heart of John—shimmering like a living flame, equal parts light and darkness—that moves Sherlock so.
He pushed Sherlock back against the pillows, crawling in close between his knees to take Sherlock back into his mouth, shaking slightly with the intensity of his own arousal at the sight of Sherlock sprawled, flushed and desperate, his body all angles and shadows in the sensuous light of the rain.
“Quite the opposite in fact.” John’s voice is so breathless he can scarcely get the words out. “It’s making it very,
He opens his eyes, and reaching up, he takes the hand that is stroking his curls and brings it to his mouth. John looks at him, questioning, but beneath the gentle question Sherlock can see the hunger in his gaze.
Sherlock had been unnaturally still ever since they’d left the station. It wasn’t one of his deep-thinking stillnesses either. John didn’t know what it was. He was only half-aware of it himself. He was in shock.
“To your good fortune, lad.” Burns lifts his pewter tankard in salute, and the others join him, Bill and Half Pint Lee pausing in their game to do so. Even Leroy and the red-bearded MacTavish join in, and Molly, looking quietly pleased.
Sherlock’s luck continues as he reaches the door to the captain’s quarters and finds, instead of the captain’s steward, a bored-looking midshipman who Sherlock knows is called Hopkins, leaning against the door and fiddling with a paring knife.
When John pulls back, there’s something intent in his look, and Sherlock feels his heart skip in his chest, wondering what he is about to say.
He saw the disgust on Andersen’s face as he walked past and felt a flicker of childish satisfaction. Anything warranting Andersen’s disapproval had to be a good decision on some level.
“It was right beside the woods where the rowan trees stood, and in springtime, the lilac boughs at the entryway would make a little bower, the branches so laden with flowers they hung almost to the ground.”
Luckily, the party is in full swing at this point, and those guests who are not dancing are clearly deep in their cups, talking loudly and laughing, so no one pays any attention to the slender young man in the dark green coat leading the officer towards the back of the room and the door to the officers’ quarters.
For even if Sherlock is certain now that the Captain is responsible, what’s also certain is that the man wasn’t present at the party, so he must be working with an accomplice.
“Perhaps you could enlighten me, John,” Sherlock said, his voice low and rough in his ear. "Tell me why I should ignore what your body is screaming at me every time I get close to you."
He seems to float above it all, as though he himself were a fish, a member of this world to which he does not belong, privy to its secrets, its mysteries and dreams.
The shock of the cool air on his bared skin made John’s breath catch but the sensation only emphasized the stark contrast between that and the pliant heat of Sherlock’s fingers as they brushed against his nude thighs, only intensified the forbidden nature of what they were about to do. John felt his erection twitch to life under the lapels of his coat that Sherlock hadn’t bothered to remove.
The fragile cords holding Sherlock’s body together seem to break apart, and distantly he is aware that he is crying out, his body drawing up and rising, rising; in spite of the pressure of John’s strong hand on his hip, he feels as though he will go on rising forever, pleasure unfolding from him in continually renewing waves—like the ocean, Sherlock thinks in a haze of bliss, like the never ending pounding of the surf against the side of the ship, surging, powerful, carrying him away in a rush of foam and salt spray.
John sucked in a cold breath and looked up to meet Sherlock’s eyes but Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. He had the cigarette in his mouth, his head tucked slightly down against the wind.
It was Mycroft who put the fire out in the end. He heard Sherlock’s shout and came running, tore the curtains off Sherlock’s bed and between the two of them they managed to staunch the blaze before it spread to the rest of the room.
At the sight of Stevens looming over him, tensing his thickly muscled arms in threat, Sherlock feels fury lance through him.
The prospect of never having to see any of their disappointed faces again, to be confronted with their disapproval, their regret at having brought Sherlock into the world—it offers its own kind of relief.
“Er… in a manner of speaking, yes. Can I count on you to get him safely to shore? Even if I can’t tell you who he is at the moment?”
for this story, where I now collect all things historical and nautical that are related to this story. I update it frequently, so be sure to check it out!
“Do you know… ?” John had to concentrate very hard to keep from staring at Sherlock’s utterly lovely mouth, which was turned slightly down at the corners in an almost-pout. “Do you know
It is not only the touch of John’s hands that is making him feel as though he will come apart at the seams, it is also the sight of John, his thin lips flushed and swollen from kissing Sherlock, his long eyelashes dark gold in the candlelight, heavy with lust as he gazes at Sherlock’s legs; and the sight of himself, clad only in his linen shirt, the jut of his erection all too evident through the thin material, so apparent above his bare thighs, is utterly obscene.
John finally shows Sherlock what he has been planning. Along the way, things do not go *precisely* as John planned...
Sherlock wants to tell John that there is no reason to apologize. It is still unbelievable to him that John is here at all—not only in practical terms (how John managed to spend long enough away from his duties to tend to Sherlock is still a mystery to him), but that he should
Sherlock sat up abruptly and glared across the room. “Ha, ha. Very funny, John! How can you have no sympathy for the deterioration of such a great mind? It’s all well and good for small-brained people like you who can entertain themselves with the Daily Mail, but some of us don’t have the luxury of simple pleasures!”
The banker ignored Sherlock as he washed his hands. When he had finished Sherlock was beside him, handing him a towel with a gracious smile.
Burns shakes his head. “A good fist fight would help take the boil out of his blood. I’ve half a mind to send him down to Anderson to use him as a punching bag. The officers might even turn a blind eye based on the way they feel about him right now.”
Sherlock shakes his head, regretting as usual his inability to express what he really wants to say—to convey just how much it means to him.
Heat courses through him—instantaneous, all consuming, searing every rational thought in his brain. He clenches his hands tightly in his lap as the sudden rush of feeling overtakes him, grateful that he is still seated as all the blood leaves his brain.
Pleasure burst through him, filling him up, moving over him like water, until he felt as though he were breaking apart, dissolving like foam on a wave.
Surely, surely John will be late getting to his post—the last stroke of the bell had already rung out before he’d left the room.
He kissed his way along the curve of Sherlock’s jaw, felt his chest flood with emotion as Sherlock lifted his free hand to settle in John’s damp hair.
They were on their way home from an especially draining and exhausting ordeal, from which they had emerged victorious, technically speaking, in that they had successfully taken into custody the criminal they had been seeking to apprehend.
In the last forty-eight hours he’d seen Sherlock come undone more times than he could count. It felt like weeks ago now, but the events on the ship, the fire, their conversation the next morning—that had happened
Sherlock is silent, watches John squinting into the sunlight, his small mouth as he goes on speaking.
Worse still, he realizes that Lestrade himself is about to climb down over the gangway. If Lestrade is going to shore, he will surely be one of the last ones to leave.
what he wanted and was trying to give it to him. But he didn’t want to be with Sherlock if Sherlock didn’t want him—if Sherlock was only acting on behalf of some twisted sense of obligation.
Sherlock can feel John’s open mouth moving over his part as his fingers card through the hair at the base of Sherlock’s neck.
, but he finds none that will suffice. He blows out a hard breath, frustrated. He sees the worry in John’s gaze increase alarmingly. “It was good,” he hurries on to say. “It was very, very good.”
He wiped away the blood as gently as he could, holding Sherlock on either side of his bony wrist, and tried not to think about those jagged edges of glass tearing through the fragile blue veins snaking just under the surface of Sherlock’s pale forearm. If it had caught him just a few inches to the left…
John must sense his anxiety even through the dark because John’s voice suddenly speaks into the silence, soft and careful. “Sherlock? Should I light the lantern?”
The heat has not dissipated since they crossed the equator; if anything it has grown stronger as the ship has headed further south, and today is no exception.
They’d paid off the cabby. Sherlock had thrust a handful of notes into his hand, instructing him that they were to stay in position until otherwise notified, and if he acquiesced through the remainder of the appointment he would be rewarded for his efforts, in triplicate.
How many times has John taken him so carefully in his hands and brought Sherlock the most intense pleasure? How many times has he given himself over to Sherlock so selflessly, so completely?
Sherlock looked pointedly at John as he pulled the fingers slowly out of his mouth and then ran his tongue up the inside of each one, his eyelashes lowering to half-mast as he did so.
His body arches, his back lifting off the bed, fingers clenching on John’s arms; the cry that issues from his lips lost in the heat of John’s mouth.
“Good evening, gentlemen. I’m so sorry to disturb your revelry—only I was wondering if you knew where I might be able to find Sherlock Holmes.”
If John is singing that means he is alive and well, Sherlock should feel happy, he should feel relieved.
“I’m sorry,” he muttered. “That was—” He cleared his throat nervously, and turned away. “Completely inappropriate to voice at a time like this.”
Sherlock considers this. The prospect of combining firearms with hard liquor seems somewhat ill advised.
“When you…” Sherlock can feel his cheeks blushing hot even before he can get the words out. “I want to—”
Sherlock took the mug from John without looking at it, and drank half of it in one swallow before setting it down on the coffee table. At least when the food came in contact with Sherlock’s mouth, his body’s needs overruled his distracted brain.
“I mean… I want him to know it’s me, but how can I do that while staying disguised from the others?”
John pressed forward with his hips, bucking wildly into Sherlock’s mouth—needing more pressure, more stimulation and Sherlock, not one to be easily outdone, began to pump John’s cock in and out of his mouth, sucking hard, cheeks hollowed to create a slick wet tunnel of heat, finger stroking all the while at the bundle of nerves inside John.
The jig ends, but without stopping, Aidan begins playing a reel, and this one, the men must know—several of them rise to their feet with whoops of delight and begin dancing.
John would later blame over-exposure to smoke as the cause of his utter lack of quick thinking as he blundered in the door, not stopping until he was almost on top of Briggs, not reacting fast enough to dodge Briggs’ blow to the side of his head—a blow so powerful it knocked both the guns from his hands.
John lay with his cheek pressed against the floor, gasping, the sweat cooling on his cheeks. He could still feel the thrust of Moriarty’s hand in his lower abdomen, could still smell the ripe scent of his own blood as it ran down his legs.
Sherlock made a grating, desperate sound—clearly struggling with his desire and his fear that he was overwhelming John, his fingers sliding helplessly over the material of the couch, looking for something to grab onto, to keep himself from thrusting into John’s mouth.
John thrusts up again with his hips, making Sherlock hiss and dig his fingers into the back of John’s neck—the slow drag of their cocks together drawing the pleasure out of him like fire from a wick. The leisurely roll feels good, it burns, but it awakens a hunger in Sherlock, wide and deep—so cavernous he fears it will swallow him whole. He needs more of that friction, needs it so badly that he aches in its absence.
There are several dark and cruel-looking indents standing out with glaring vividness against the pale skin of Sherlock’s throat, obscuring the fading marks left there by John’s mouth what now feels like a lifetime ago.
At the mention of Lieutenant Lestrade, the other man’s voice drops to a conspiratorial murmur. Sherlock has to lean slightly forward to catch his next words. “No sign of the captain at all, yet. A bit suspicious, wouldn’t you say?”
He takes a deep breath, inhaling sharply through his nostrils, regretting for the first time that afternoon all the alcohol he’s drunk.
He knew nothing about this dark period of John’s life after the war—he’d assumed for some reason that John had gone straight into the merchant fleet after recovering from his injury, but what Stamford is telling him now… this narrative makes much more sense. It accounts for some of the darkness Sherlock has glimpsed in John—that he’s only seen in flashes really. But when he has seen it, he’s seen that it goes deep, deeper even than Sherlock can fathom.
“Wait…” It took all of John’s self control to still his hips. “I want…” John panted. “I want to touch you, before we come and I can’t…”
There is a single beat of silence after John stops singing, Aidan’s pipe dropping off as soon as John finishes the last note, and Sherlock realizes that the last line of the song is meant to be a joke, a reference to the soldier’s inconstancy; his answer to the girl’s question is a clever way of saying ‘Never.’ But the way John sings it, so full sorrow, of longing, it’s clear that his alliances are with the girl, and this final turn seems to catch the audience by the heart strings, just as much as it does Sherlock.
He held Sherlock’s hand in his, turning it over so he could kiss his palm and lick his way up Sherlock’s middle finger to suck the whole of it into his mouth, tongue curving around the joints of his knuckles, tasting honey and moaning at the memory of the look on Sherlock’s face as he pushed his own fingers into his swollen mouth.
Sherlock is opening his mouth to reply when the words are swept clean out of his mind by the feeling of John’s mouth sucking a love bite into the soft skin of his jaw, his gasp of delighted surprise transforming rapidly to a moan as John’s tongue slides warm and wet over the bruised skin.
Sherlock acquiesces, hands on John’s bare shoulders, John’s tongue still in his mouth, and John tugs his trousers down his thighs to his knees.
Sherlock thrusts his own hips against John to prompt him to start moving again, and in answer, John lifts his mouth from Sherlock’s and then returns it to Sherlock’s neck where he licks at the skin and then bites down and sucks.
ETA: If you'd like to hear a version of the song John sings at the end of the chapter ("Do Me Ama")- you can listen to a very warbly old man version
