When Mycroft returns with breakfast, he hears John giggling from behind the closed bathroom door. Sherlock’s muffled baritone follows, “Be still John, I don’t want to cut you by accident.”
Nurse Jessie smiles, “I’ll see to it myself. Do you need a clean gown or did someone bring you pajamas?” Seeing the open suitcase on the chair.
Thoughtful again, “Just one sandwich, I’m not very hungry, we can share. I could do with a decent cup of coffee though, black two sugars?” hopeful.
Diane has long, straight auburn hair, blue eyes, and a decent figure, mid 30’s, irritated, from what I can see. “Hello, I’ll be with you in just a moment.” Smiling and holding up the shopping. “Need to pop a few things in the fridge.”
Even worse, will anyone miss him? Sherlock has been gone for two years now. He alienated himself from Mrs. Hudson, Greg Lestrade and Molly Hooper.
Back to the door, looking over his left shoulder while stuffing a pillow in a clean sham, “Changing the linens on the bed, what does it look like? Mrs. Hudson said she would toss the old ones in the dryer if I manage to set them to wash before we leave.” Pointing to the pile of soiled bedclothes on the floor.
“You’ve been cooped up in here with me for almost two weeks, not to mention the time in hospital. You need to get out. Take a walk. Anything. Do something before one of us explodes in frustration.”
Within the hour Anthea has come and gone, leaving a bag in the room that smells enticing along with a laptop for Mycroft. She drops off another bag of food for the men outside the door.
My bilateral CTS is not liking sheltering in place and I’ve been wearing my braces to sleep again at night. This was a dream I had the other night, when I woke up I wrote down what I could remember.
“Yeah love, I don’t know why your idiot of a brother didn’t send you a card as well. We’ll be together and I will be more than happy to share the card with you.” I tell him before the temper tantrum sets in.
“Nice guy.” I growl back. I take a calming breath “Is he why you started using?” I inquire. Sherlock isn’t always so open, I’ll gather as much information while I can.
We follow along with Kevin north to Cloverdale and fill up the SUVs then head across the street to the Ray’s market. The market has a good selection of prepared food for Rosie. I grab a sizable supply while Sherlock is wandering the rest of the store stretching his legs. I meet him up at the cashier, he’s grabbed a large container of buttermilk, a few bottles of water and two bottles of iced coffee; 1 sweet and 1 black. Kevin picked up a few more supplies Costco didn’t carry.
“You’re early, I didn’t expect you for another two hours.” Sherlock informs John, still holding the shopping.
Greg answers from the doorway as Sherlock is grabbing bowls from the refrigerator. “Yeah, Sherlock put her down a little while ago.”
John is leaning on the doorframe, obviously tired and worn out. But he still smiles at Sherlock’s concern, “Probably not… I was wondering if there was any curry left? Realized I haven’t eaten anything since breakfast.”
“What’s this then?” John wonders, confused, and a bit nervous. Last time Mycroft handed him an envelope it was a blood test showing the level of illegal drugs in Sherlock’s system.
I wander toward the loo calling out to Kevin “Good morning, smells good” on my way past the kitchen.
Mrs. Hudson hoo hoo’s from the stairs. She makes sure to let us know she’s on her way up after catching us in compromising positions a couple times. “I made the ginger nuts Sherlock and Rosie like so much this morning, I also made a batch of scones as well.” She says as she places a tray of tea, and goodies on our surprisingly still clean kitchen table.
“Great, I really don’t want to be alone quite yet and wanted to further consult with Sherlock about an idea he suggested.” Kevin seems relieved as he places Rosie back on the floor now that the dogs have calmed down.
“Your penalty is not cleaning me boy. Your punishment is you not being able to come while you get me off.” I then command “Start again, hands behind your back. You can only use your mouth.”
“Yes, sentiment, not as bad as my brother portrayed.” Rubbing John’s back, “Go to sleep, I’ll be here when you wake.”
John felt as though his heart stopped when a postcard showing the Las Vegas strip arrived from America. On the back was written ‘Wish you were here’ in a very familiar scrawl that shouldn’t be, its owner having jumped off a roof a year to the date before.
To my surprise he reaches into his coat and sends off a quick text. “All will be done, don’t worry Doctor Watson.” He replies.
“Afghanistan, started in Helmand then redeployed to Kandahar. I was shipped back to the Northumberland Military Hospital for six weeks before they finally invalided me out.” John looks at Nurse Jessie closer, “I don’t remember seeing you there.”
While they were looking around in the kitchen, an angry man brandishing a knife came barrelling out of the pantry behind Sherlock. The man was able to stab Sherlock in his lower back before John was able to disarm and subdue him. At this moment John wishes he hadn’t held back and only broke the suspects’ nose and right arm.
“What? Somebody is stealing candy canes, making off with Rudolf? I’m dressed like a bloody elf Sherlock!”
“John is a former soldier and my brother, Sherlock, might be a bit sharp upon a sudden waking. Allow me.” Mycroft informs Doctor Jacobs.
“You’ve been out here for a little more than an hour. Figured you need to drink something, too hot for soda, not sure how or if you even wanted iced tea. Too warm for hot tea, especially after that workout. Not beer. You needed something more than water, so orange juice.” Holding a cup out for me.
Sherlock scowls, staring down Greg as John answers reassuringly “Those are courtesy of Robert King Greg. Neither sibling went down without a fight.” Placing a hand to his lower back. “They were both a bit sadistic, but he seemed to take joy with physical blows.”
Almost a month later a small leaning tower of Pisa arrived. John noted his name on the address was almost illegible on this one, as though the sender was in a hurry to send if off. A week later a miniature of the Greek Parthenon arrived.
John levels his gaze and pulls out his I-expect-to-be-obeyed, pissed off, Captain Voice “No. We are going to bed. You three are going up to the office for the night. You, Agent Burton, will be waking your colleagues every 2-3 hours. If, and only if, they do not wake you are to come down and get me. Knock until one of us answer the door, do not come in uninvited.” He shifts the gun in the holster on his hip to remind them he can hit a target in the dark.
Going down the hallway he notices the light is on over the sink in the loo, the door is slightly ajar, pausing he determines no one is in the room. The man stops in the open doorway to the bedroom. With help from the glow of light through the glass door to the loo, he sees there is a t-shirt clad, blond man lying on his stomach in the bed, apparently asleep. The t-shirt he was wearing had ridden up and the bedsheet was barely offering any modesty to the man’s bare buttocks. The sleeping man has had a hard time of it lately from the scars and bruises visible on his muscular frame. There are two prescription bottles on the bedside table along with a half empty bottle of water. The blond man on the bed moans and shifts his position, exposing more of one muscular arse cheek.
“Fine, in that case grab the graham crackers and the marshmallows. I’ll rustle us up a couple chocolate bars.
Thinking a moment, “Yes, yes of course I do... oh, oh! That’s right, ‘girlfriend not your area’.” Licking his lips. Nervous himself, “So, do you have a boyfriend then?”
“Good, we’ll fly to New York. We can stay there a couple days, Rosie will enjoy seeing the sights.” Sherlock pulls up another window on his laptop and starts looking for flights.
“Yeah, I have them.” Pointing to the top of the refrigerator “Haven’t had the time to put them on yet. I still have to pick up a gate for the top of the stairs as well, maybe two if she is to spend time in our room. We did move what was breakable higher up while cleaning up the mess Euros left. Just need to keep her out of the odd experiment now.” I smile at Sherlock during the last.
“Maybe you could fix up 221C as a laboratory and storage space. You could move your old files down there, free up some space.” Mrs. Hudson mentions while glancing at the cardboard file boxes in the far corner.
I’ve been lax again about updating, sorry. Don’t think I mentioned it before, but I have a new job lined up in the New Year. I’ll be a professor at Saint Bartholomew’s Teaching Hospital starting in January! In the meantime, I gave notice at the surgery where I was working. I could use the free time to fully mend and to bond with my daughter. I think Sherlock likes having me around at his beck and call as well.
Stepping inside and locking the door, he begins, “You lied to me John Watson. You can dance, those were some very impressive moves you were just making.” Stepping up to me he whispers in my ear, “I think I need to see that from the beginning.” Nipping my lobe as he pulls back with the stereo clicker in his hand. I never even felt him take it from my hand.
During the night, a man in a dark suit stops by and drops off a box with a pair of trainers in John’s size. John hadn’t put his shoes on before he collapsed and as I had carried him out to the car, he was wearing only socks on his feet when admitted.
John swallows, wincing again, “Yeah, ‘bout 2. I gave Rosie medicine then took a couple paracetamol myself.” He blinks slow, “Felt too worn out to make it up to our room… exhausted after taking off my jacket and shoes.”
I am PISSED! Sherlock ran off after a killer once again without backup. I barely managed to keep up with the lanky git at first then lost him when he ducked down an alley. I went straight, apparently the killer did as well. As I rounded the corner I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye and ducked, thankfully. A pipe slams into my left shoulder, I stagger but stay on my feet.  As the next blow comes I am able to turn again as the pipe lands just below the last hit. As she pulls back for another strike I am able to wrestle Joan to the ground. I wrench her arm up behind her back, much further and I’ll dislocate it. It’s very tempting, my shoulder is throbbing.
“I spent a long time wondering how to best describe Sherlock with the respect he deserves on his wedding day; how to do justice to a brilliant man who truly defies description. I could speak for an hour - don't worry, I won't - but if I did, you'd still be no closer to recognising what a marvellous human being he is. And yet, miraculously, Sherlock can still be summed up with a single, internationally-recognised hand gesture." Makes gesture while giggling; the room giggles with her, Sherlock frowns.
“Sherlock, you are so good with her!” Mrs. H beams at him and asks us both “Has she started to walk yet?”
I open the condom and put it on myself before I become too sensitive. Popping open the lube I put a generous amount in my hand. I reach up with my clean hand and grab a pillow. “Lift your hips.” I put the pillow under his hips then swallow his cock down in one go.
“No, just looking again. I keep thinking of things I may want to have but I don’t need to travel with.”
“I get that Sherlock, I don’t want to hurt you. I’ve done enough of that already. Are you really sure you want me to do this? Release? You mean an orgasm? Wouldn’t, um, uh, masturbation work? I don’t want you to resent me if this doesn’t work out. I enjoy being your flatmate and friend; I don’t want to jeopardize that.”
That did it. The only other person to call me a ‘pet’ was Moriarty, I’m not going there ever again. “I SAID ENOUGH!” Angry Captains voice. I am delighted to see her cringe. Then I growl at her “I. AM. NO. ONES. PET!” I grab Sherlock by the wrist before either can say anything more and enter the building. For once he has to keep up with me I’m so furious.
I do a quick count in my head “No, but if everyone comes and you bring a date we will be at 15-17 including the two of us. Would have been more if Harry were sober enough to attend…” I sigh at the end.
I wander back to the lounge, turn off the telly and collect my cup. Turning off the light in the lounge I leave my cup in the sink. I grab an icepack from the freezer and head upstairs to our bedroom. I end up waiting for Sherlock while lying against the headboard, icepack on my shoulder. I don’t hear him come in as I had fallen asleep, I never did sleep well in hospital. I’m woken by him gently removing my jeans.
Kevin is unloading the last of the new supplies from his vehicle when Sherlock backs in next to him. He walks over and throws out a hand indicating the house “Welcome to Casa Andrews, built circa 1954”.
They hand Greg the papers as Nurse Levi comes in to wheel John off to get his MRI. Sherlock and one of the two people guarding the door follow along. Greg heads back to the Yard, promising to stop by later with a few cold cases for Sherlock. By the time the test is finished, John is worn out from the excitement of the morning and needs a nap.
“They left me alone in the cell until yesterday… at least I think it was only yesterday. They wanted me to kneel so they could put a collar on me. I insisted on a phone call, I’m a free man, it’s my right. I know how to defend myself, I grabbed the whip after the first strike and broke the guards’ nose. I landed a few other hits before I was finally drugged and subdued. Before everything went black, I felt the whip land again. I was in misery when I woke up later, bastards left me on my back on the floor in my cell with my hands and legs cuffed and linked to that blasted collar around my neck.”
Removing a couple large covered bowls from the refrigerator and placing them on the counter while talking. “Ever since February when Wolfe and Andersen put him in hospital. They were frequent at first, consistent with a concussion. After about a month, they only came on when he was tired or stressed. They generally manifest as migraines, today is one of the worst I have witnessed so far.” Sherlock grabs a couple of large soup bowls from the cabinet and spoons from a drawer and continues to talk while dishing out food. “Most of the time the headaches bring light sensitivity and today was no exception.” Placing the dishes in the microwave to heat. “Sometimes scents bother him as well, today he had a jar of menthol cream on the nightstand.”
At the next crossroads there is a subdued “Keep right, we’ll go back the lower road” from the back. There is barely any commentary on the way back toward the house. The only comment is at one crossroads “If you go up this road there is an old orchard. The only trees left are a pear and a fig tree. There should be some fruit on them. Feel free to raid while I’m gone.”
I’m speechless… John looks confused. Nurse Betty is just beaming at us as she puts a tourniquet around Johns arm. “This will just sting a bit, course you’d know that being a Doctor and all.” She smiles as she gets to work, she’s efficient and gets her job done quickly.
Sherlock walks in from the hallway, “Ah Lestrade. Did you find anything new?” Interrupting John before he can speak.
“Mrs. Hudson, what would we do without you?” I ask incredulously “Is there anything else I may have forgotten?”
It’s my turn to blush. I rise to put Rosie in her cot for a nap. When I return Sherlock is still sitting on the couch looking at pictures. “Any more pictures?” I ask as I sit next to him again.
After lunch John staggers the loo and back on his own. He realizes he is still tired even after eating lunch and consuming coffee. Sherlock is sitting in the bed, on top of the covers, propped by pillows, texting once again. John sits on the bed, legs dangling over the edge. Leaning back, John lands his head on Sherlock’s thighs and lets out a sigh. Sherlock reaches down a hand to rub John on his right shoulder.
Kevin comes in with a smiling Rosie “Normal is 98.6 on that thermometer, so yeah, Doc has a fever.” He hands Rosie to Sherlock “I’ll grab the aspirin, that’ll help lower it down. Be right back.” He about turns and marches away.
Sherlock while preparing a pot for tea, “John usually doesn’t react so viciously when startled awake. If I wake him from a nightmare, most of the time he just shouts or throws a punch or two; something I learned to avoid.” Sherlock considers a moment before continuing. “Probably a combination of his reinjured shoulder, the fight with the Kings and his physiotherapy session. King left bruises and cracked one of the ribs Muldoon bruised a couple of months back, and John is tired and sore after his session with the physical therapist. The injury to his shoulder brings back the war where he was originally wounded. We’re both worn-out as Rosie is teething, neither of us is getting much in the way of sleep.”
John stiffly nods back at her, “Ah, that’s, um good.” It’s not like he or Victor fell into the damned thing to begin with. Sherlock’s jaw tenses, John catches his eyes in the rear view and subtly shakes his head in negation. This is not the time or place to start an argument with his parents.
Greg is greeted by the view of Sherlock kneeling, shirtless, on the floor, between John’s legs with John’s cock in his mouth. Lestrade had perfect timing to arrive in the doorway just as John’s reclined body arches as he orgasms while moaning Sherlock’s name. Greg is so shocked he can’t move, just watches John, naked, in the throws ecstasy. He can’t help but stare at the heaving, chiselled chest, well-muscled stomach, strong thighs and the look of pure and utter bliss on the Doctors face.
To his credit Jorge only pales a bit “I will do my best Mr. Holmes, it is a tall order. It usually takes weeks to sew a custom suit.”
Sherlock has distracted me enough to not realize Jorge has finished marking and pinning the navy suit. He helps me remove the pieces and helps me put on the grey one.
Sherlock moves faster than I would have thought “Yes sir, right away sir!” Taking the tip of my cock in his mouth and gives a hard suck. He knows I love that manoeuvre. Sherlock swallows me down, curling his tongue around my hard shaft. Damn, he fantastic at this “Good boy, you are so good at swallowing me down. Damn you’re so pretty with my cock in your gorgeous mouth.”
He was so startled he dropped the glass in his hand to shatter against the stone floor when a loud cry rang out. Looking outside the widows he spies crossbow bolts and arrows fly upward into the sky toward a flying man? Giant bird? Beast? Whatever it was had golden wings similar to those of an eagle, a very large eagle. The being in question made a heart-breaking cry and spiralled out of control, hitting the side of the tower before landing in a heap upon his balcony.
“Call me John, Mycroft, we’re going to be related soon. Oh, god, Harry! I forgot about Harry.” I look at Sherlock in dismay.
“No I’m not gay, but I am bisexual. It’s all fine. So, your room or mine?” I smile as I put the crop back in the box.
“Master Crawley, he purchased one of the mock Moran’s sir.” She anxiously answers, still looking at the floor.
Greg laughs but doesn’t answer, must have been quite a bit. Lestrade drives his car down to my barber, I do need a trim and Greg’s looking a bit shaggy. Eddie, my barber was holding a couple places open for us as I had texted him yesterday we would be there around half twelve. I just enjoy a trim but Greg hadn’t had time to shave this morning so he went for the works with a shave and a haircut. He looked much more respectable when Eddie was finished with him.
As they breach the surface of the water, a command can be heard echoing around the docks under the bridge. “Stop fighting me you idiot or you’ll drown us both!”
“I have noticed you squinting a bit at those horrid little mystery novels you insist on reading lately. Didn’t think the font here was that small though… you might want to look into glasses.” Still looking at his menu.
“Thank you, John. I have a spare room if you wish to use it for the night while your flat is aired out.”
“Yeah. Mycroft called to let me know he and the Holmes family lawyer will be stopping by to go over this. He wants to keep you out of the courts. You remembering everything will be a deterrent for them to keep going.” Greg hands John the papers, “I was supposed to give you a summons to show up in court, but your lawyer will do so with your testimony instead.”
Spotting movement inside the far building, “But I don’t think they’ll get here in time. Looks like they’re planning on leaving any minute. They are quickly running out of boxes to put in the van.” John points out.
The hot water feels good on my sore shoulder, even with the pain meds from the A&E it is hurting. I stay under the flow until it starts to run cool, and I get out and dry myself then wrap the towel around my waist. When I walk into the bedroom I am greeted with a vision. Sherlock, in just his black silk boxers kneeling next to the bed where he has placed a tray. As I enter he prepares a cup of tea and holds it out for me. I walk over to the bed and gently sit so as not to upset the tray and take the offered cup. I look at what he brought up and giggle, I can’t help myself.
Startled, John quickly spins around, holding out a rubber spatula, with bits of dough dripping from it, as a weapon. “Oh, it’s you… I was just mixing up a batch of biscuits.” John relaxes. “I don’t dance…”
“Before you ask, I wouldn’t change much of anything.” I look into Sherlock’s eyes “My biggest regrets would be my reaction to your return and in Smith’s favourite room.”
Stamford laughs, “Yeah, never was friendly.” Glances at the chart. “I’m not going to change her choice of meds, should be good. Feeling any better?”
Sherlock glances at his watch “Molly, she and Mrs. Hudson said they’ll will watch her for however long we’re here.”
A week later they’ve been home just a couple of days, Sherlock having insisted they spend a few more days with his parents. “Hey John, you’ll never believe this one.” Lestrade states as he lets himself into the flat, leaving the landing door open as he found it. Looking around, “Where’s Sherlock?”
“You were married, ring and all when we first met. I won’t date a married person, don’t want to be the ‘other man’. Course that didn’t stop me from flirting with another woman while married.”
Almost asleep from the warmth of the sun and the hypnotizing action of the surf “Hmm? Oh, yeah, very much so.” Shoes and socks off, jeans rolled up, leaning back on my elbows, ankles crossed, enjoying the sun and surf.
Greg drives us both to Bart’s so I can have my shoulder examined. He stays to keep Sherlock company, and to make sure I’m ok too I guess. They look like they are quietly arguing when I come out with my release papers in one hand and pain meds in the other. Greg sees me first “Ah, you’re back. Nothing broken then?”
“A little bit when I found your Papa.” Sherlock has the base of the snowman ready when John lifts the middle on top it.
“John, you’ve been my partner ever since the ‘Hope’ case! We may have not been together romantically, but I have considered you my partner since, especially as you saved my life that night.” Smiling the smile he shares only with John.
Sherlock stands at his full height and looks down at John, “I would NEVER abandon Watson like that!” He answers offended. Then relaxes and adds more calmly, “Mrs. Hudson is watching her. We have another,” glances at his watch, “hour before she needs to leave for her bridge club. We can stop at an ATM on the way home and I’ll pay you back, alright?”
He starts to kiss his way down my neck, to my nipple and slowly lowers himself to his knees in front of me. He mouths my cock through my red silk pants having lowered my jeans. I hastily kick off my shoes as he lowers my pants. I am hard and erect, he just kneels there for a moment taking in the sight. About when I begin to wonder if he’s in some sort of trance he leans forward and takes the crown of my cock in his mouth and sucks, hard, while flitting his tongue along the tip. “Oh. My. God. Sherlock. Do that again!” I cry out.
While helping John limp down the hallway toward the kitchen, “Mycroft will tell you he holds a minor position in the British government, but he is in truth the British government when he is not too busy being British Secret Service or working freelance for the CIA.” Rounding the corner into the kitchen, “Ah, Mrs. Hudson meet Doctor John Watson.”
Squeezing John’s hand still in his, “Come along John. We have some mistletoe at home that needs to be tested.”
Yesterday? Was it? He was taken to the cleaning room where his handler locked his restraints with is arms and legs spread wide. The large blond handler takes his time to thoroughly wash every nook and cranny, massaging a few sore muscles as he goes. The only good thing he can say about his situation is they keep him clean and use warm water to do so. That and the enemas done toward the end of his washing are warm as well. After the final rinse, the handler injects him with something; he rarely remembers anything after.
I was not fully prepared to find the items inside. It must have shown on my face, but I did keep my voice steady thankfully. “Is that… a riding crop? What do you want me to do with it?” I had my suspicions but I needed him to voice them. I didn’t realize he was a Sub, I would have never guessed!
Taking a deep breath, “No, we were never involved physically… He thought we were prefect for each other though. Jim Moriarty is the world’s only consulting criminal, once at the center of a giant web of crime. It was during my time dismantling his web that I was caught and tortured. Surprised he’s still alive actually, there were reports he was beheaded in Karachi last spring.”
Sherlock sarcastically replies, not bothering to keep his voice low, “Yes, I see he’s being rather difficult being drugged to the gills and all.” Sherlock can’t help but glare at the guard, adding. “Compensating for a small penis? Your wife left you for someone else recently... ah, another woman no less.” Before adding scathingly, “My, how humiliating.” Raising an eyebrow at the guard.
John erupts screaming and throwing off the bodies pinning him down as a naked Sherlock is unceremoniously shoved out of bed onto the floor with a definitive, “Ooof!” Two dogs start barking. Rosie is bawling. A loud “Fucking hell!” can be heard through the doorway as well as through the baby monitor. These events take place in less than the span of a minute.
John woke slowly, a warm body pressed against him, an arm over his back, a leg interlocked between his. He’s extremely comfortable laying on his stomach. Opening his eyes he spots Sherlock, who must have fallen asleep while thinking sometime during the night. Sherlock is spooned against his side, breathing evenly, slightly snoring; he finds it rather endearing.
After yet another sleepless night, John comes to a decision and calls in sick to the clinic. Rosie was already scheduled to spend the day with Molly, he would drop her off on the way to Baker Street.
“This was the first Harry has bothered to see how John was doing; no visit, card, text, call or flowers.” Sherlock adds, pouring out two mugs of coffee before plopping a tin on the table. Sherlock notes Rosie is getting sleepy. “There are biscuits in the tin. I’ll just pop off to put Rosie to bed.”
Sherlock is one of the best masseuses I have ever encountered. Loose, relaxed and feeling much better and highly aroused I don’t object as Sherlock shifts me to drape my legs over the side of the bed. Sherlock kneels on the floor, leans down and runs his tongue from the root of my cock to the tip. He then takes the base of my cock with one hand and unzips his own trousers and grips himself with the other.
“Shhhh, keep your voice down. You and Mycroft are the only ones who know, well, and a few of his minions.”
Our limo is waiting for us out front when we finish dinner and walk out of the restaurant. The drive back to the Fairmont is quicker as we have the driver take us directly back. Once ensconced in our room again I take Rosie into her room and start to undress her for a bath. When she’s down to just her nappy Sherlock comes in and removes my suit jacket. When I turn, I see he is in just his pants, a prominent bulge in the front. I feel myself react to the sight and let out a low moan.
God I’m pissed. I wasn’t this angry when Sherlock pretended to be a waiter for Mary and me when he came back. I wasn’t this angry in Smith’s morgue. I don’t believe I have ever been this utterly furious with anyone before, ever.
“The zipper in yours popped open on the last trip we took for a case, you obviously need a new one.”
Frantic, fearful, hand on Johns arm. “I can’t, I couldn’t. The entire time I was away, I was lonely and miserable, I wanted to come back home to you. I became reckless toward the end, that’s how I was captured. I just wanted to finish and go home.” Another tear rolls down.
Mycroft clears his throat, checks the nails on his right hand and deigns to answer, “I am someone not to be trifled with if you value your career Doctor Barnes. My brother will be staying with Doctor Watson for as long as he wishes. The guards stationed outside the door will remain for the duration of their stay. If you are finished checking the good Doctor might I suggest you turn off the offending light and go about your rounds?”
Doctor mode kicks in, “Molly will have to give us a warning so we can shower and, ah, prepare ourselves.” Going over to the desk for a pad of paper and a pen to take notes. “First off, we’ll have to be tested for STD’s, don’t want to make any mistakes.”
I catch him before he can hit the floor “John!” I exclaim as I hastily search for his pulse. Strong and steady, he’s breathing. Ok, now what? He’s the bloody Doctor around here! I pick him up bridal style and take him out to our rental and get him fastened in the front seat. I don’t have keys, I also notice I don’t have Rosie! Stop. Think.
In the end Molly and Mrs. Hudson both take Rosie to the London Zoo for the day using annual passes Sherlock purchased shortly after John moved back to Baker Street.
From the bed John grunts then mumbles, “Headache. Out of paracetamol. Sherlock took Rosie to pick up some.” Rubbing his scalp, eyes closed, rolling onto his back. “Case?”
“I will be, remind me if we go out again to take my bloody pills with me.” I answer. It is feeling better already. Sherlock sees me relax a bit before he gets up and heads into the kitchen.
“I can give you some of my ‘herbal soothers’ if you need.” She offers while taking a sip from her cup.
The rest of the day goes by rather pleasantly. We tour more of the property, visiting along the north eastern edge of the property at the Rancheria creek where Sherlock takes more water and vegetation samples. During our travels we pass by a few more cabins scattered about. We spotted a several coveys of quail, we took turns firing and ended up with enough for supper.
He points up the slope across from the garage. “The solar panels don’t need any maintenance unless a lot of leaves fall on them and stick. Most of the time they just blow off again but it is fall and leaves are starting to come down in earnest. They stick more when it’s damp. Just something to keep in mind if it’s foggy or raining. The storage batteries are in the other garage.” He shows us where the solar power is stored next to a white jeep.
Sherlock takes the steps two at a time even with several bags of groceries in his hands. Upon entering the flat he spies John and Rosie on the couch. John is laying so Rosie is against his left side, against the back of the sofa, he has her head cradled over where his scar is. John’s eyes are just open, blinking slowly in the low light. Rosie is asleep, snuffling; sick.
“So, what are you up to? Experiment? Whatever it is it smells good.” Sniffing the air with a smile on his face.
John blushes, glancing around with one eye open, “I don’t want to lay down again yet.” Wearing blue silk pajamas, slippers and the housecoat Sherlock gave him for Christmas, he sits in the chair Mycroft vacated with a sigh. Back to the window, left eye fully open, right squinted closed.
“You rushed us out so fast, I figured you grabbed it.” John growls back. “You’re not telling me we’re not armed, are you? Fuck, and can you tell me why we only seem to chase dangerous criminals after dark?” Voice rising.
“He said he was cleaning.” Seeing the dubious expression on Mycroft’s face, John continues. “Yeah, I know, I know. Apparently, Sherlock poured bleach in the toilet then emptied his bladder and didn’t bother to flush. Said he had half the tub scrubbed down before he realized his error, flushed, and then turned on the exhaust fan. By then the chloramine fumes had already started to affect him. He called for an ambulance then me before collapsing downstairs at the front door after unlocking it.”
“I know, I am a Doctor after all. You seemed… tense, thought it would help take the edge off.” John smiles sweetly and clicks their glasses together, “To us” and takes a small sip.
Sherlock, wearing another one of John’s old army t-shirts, is sitting on the couch, preparing two cups of tea from the pot on the coffee table. He smiles at John as he comes in. “Dinner should arrive shortly, BBC One seems to be having a Top Gear marathon.”
“Don’t be gettin’ all smart wit’ us. We know what you is.” The older looking man of the trio answers. “There’s a reward for you werewolf and we aims ta collect it.”
“He’s claiming you threw the first punch. I think he’s hoping that you don’t remember enough to go on the witness stand and testify. His lawyer was trying to get into your medical records.” Seeing John stiffen, “Relax. Mycroft sealed all your records when you first moved in with Sherlock, so no worries there.”
We stop at the east end of the property where it butts up to the redwood preserve. The view has us looking down into a steep valley between the two ranches.
Well, we’re there and will be back in London again sometime next month; definitely by Christmas. It’s been awhile since I’ve updated anything and I’m sorry about that. First off you’re probably wondering about the name change. Sherlock and I are married. That looks so good I’ll type it again – Sherlock and I are married! Sherlock, Rosie and I are now a true family too as he has officially adopted her as well. We are now all on, what he insists on calling, our ‘Sex Holiday’. We are also house sitting in USA for Kevin, an old army mate of mine.
Sherlock is rubbing my back and shoulder “You John are the furthest thing from ordinary, you are in fact extraordinary! You are a study in contradictions. You are a soldier who kills people and a doctor who saves them. You killed a man to save my life after only knowing me 24 hours! You have saved me in so many ways over the years. You John are quite fascinating!”
Meanwhile, John digs out a large saucepan setting it on the hob, ready to preheat. He then opens the tomato paste and a bottle of Chianti Sherlock had stolen from Mycroft the last time he was at his house. Recalling the recipe, he remembers they’ll need bay leaves, they have some in the cupboard. However they are out of thyme. John helped Mrs. Hudson start an herb garden, when Sherlock was on ‘hiatus’, which contained thyme plants.
“When was the last time you had a physical Sherlock?” John asks as he is stitching up the cut along the left side of his lover’s ribs from subduing Roberta King. John must admit, Sherlock has put on more muscle and looks healthier than he can ever recall seeing him before.
Sherlock comes closer and stands between my legs. “You’ll never admit weakness.” I quirk an eyebrow at him. He nods “Yeah, I know. I won’t either, we’re a matched set in that. I can’t be without you, I need you more than you know.” His left hand laying on my shoulder.
Sherlock nods, “Right. Off we go then.” Putting the idling Jeep in gear and heading further up the hill.
“I know. I know. I don’t want to leave the place a mess though. Mycroft will have workmen in the place renovating 221C and adding a bath upstairs for Rosie.” Throwing the encased pillow on the bed and grabbing another.
“Yeah, that and some information. He’s very generous to the homeless who help him out. Heck, I’ve even helped a few myself who didn’t feel comfortable going into a clinic for treatment. Even our landlady helps feed them. Sherlock even pays the café downstairs to give people who have the right code word coffee and a sandwich.”
John, closing his eyes for a moment in silent thanks to every known deity and a few unknown ones as well while placing his take-out container next to Sherlock’s. “Oh, God yes” he breathes out. He places a hand the over the one Sherlock has on his knee, giving it a gentle squeeze. “So, you are no longer ‘married to your work’ then?”
I hurriedly click off the stereo as the first beats of ‘Billie Jean’ begin. My ears feel hot, I know I must be blushing as I sheepishly wave a hello at Sherlock, still leaning at ease in the open doorway to the flat.
Sherlock holds out his hand to shake, Kevin takes it. “Made it to Major and not quite as retired as I’d like to be. Glad to meet you, happy Doc found someone. We’ll have to hit the sporting goods store up the road, I don’t have any ear protection for someone this petite.” Kevin gives Rosie’s curls a quick caress. “If you two are into wine, you’ve arrived just in time for the crush.”
“Alright folks, last but not least we have our final bachelor of the evening. Let’s give a warm welcome to one of our own, Dr. John Watson. Dr. Watson holds a position in the St. Bartholomew’s family in one of our NHS clinics. He is a decorated war hero gaining the rank of Captain in the Royal Army Medical Corps. He is widowed and has a daughter just under two years of age.”
“I know, we’ve worked ourselves out love.” I smile at him and pat his forearm then kiss his cheek. “But I can still be pissed at Mycroft. He left me to grieve and did a background check on Mary and didn’t say a bloody thing; he owes me!” I growl.
Sherlock hesitates a moment, seems all the blood in his brain took a dive south. “She’s with Mrs. Hudson; they went next door to Mrs. Turners. Her daughter and grandson are visiting, Hudders thought it would be good for the children to play together.” Sherlock waves a nonchalant circle in the air “Said they would be there until afternoon tea.”
Shrugging a shoulder, “Truthfully? I’m not sure… As for owing me, don’t worry about it. The money I spent on you came from my brother. I was working undercover for him when I purchased you. Mycroft suspected there are people who have never been arrested before and others kidnapped off the street being sold into slavery without due process. He was correct apparently. Mycroft means to put an end to the three strikes law and eventually slavery, this is the first step.”
Think of Rosie and Sherlock playing, him reading her a story. Her eyes light up when he reads her Treasure Island, changing his voice for each character. I must admit, I enjoy hearing him read it as well. Oh, that’s better. Keep remembering the two of them.
By now our hands are working on undoing belts. I am hard and I can feel Sherlock is as well under my hand as I fumble with his button and zip. I slide off the couch and kneel on the floor between his legs. I reach up and pull of his trousers and pants in one go. I leave them on the floor to cushion my knees. As I gently run my hand from root to tip along his hard cock. Sherlock shudders and moans “Oh John…” I bend down and take him as deep as I can in my mouth. “J… J… John!” He cries.
We stay seated as they find their seats “Hello Mycroft. Greg good to see you again, it’s been what, two hours.” Greg smiles and I see the tension in his shoulders relax a bit. Sherlock grunts a greeting next to me.
In the morning I wake up alone, the bed is cool where Sherlock had lain. The door isn’t closed and I hear a giggling sound coming up the stairs. Sherlock must be down with Rosie. I start to rise and groan as my shoulder lets itself known. I notice a bottle of water and my pain pills on the table next to me. Sherlock must have brought them up, I think to myself ‘this is good’ as I swallow my meds. I rise and do my morning ablutions, dress and head down to see what they are up to. From the looks of the kitchen Sherlock made breakfast for Rosie, porridge and readymade applesauce.
So far, the oddest content of any of the boxes was an extremely colorful full sized sombrero hat with a postmark from El Salvador. Looking closer at the hat John found one dark, curly hair under the inner band.
“They didn’t all appear clearly, did you have burning when you peed before?” John reaches for the specimen jar. “I’ll hold the cup, you do the rest.”
John proudly replies, “I was awarded several Distinguished Service medals as well as the Queens Medal and Victoria Cross. Oh, and the Americans awarded me a Medal of Valor.”
“AT HIS REQUEST!” John furiously roars, hands in the air, stepping away from his chair. Sherlock flinches, his parents are surprised by the outburst. “I would have gladly bonded with Sherlock but he didn’t want me to.”
“Please don’t contact us.” Sherlock drawls. “Go and search for your arsonist.” Pointing at the smoke still billowing up in the distance.
The lights were running off the solar array when everything suddenly went dark just before 10pm. Agent Kreisler was patrolling outside, she would be the first to investigate. Agent Parks was inside with Sherlock and John going through the surveillance footage once again. In the light from the dimmed laptop screen, Sherlock freezes and prevents Agent Parks from clicking on a flashlight. “Don’t, you’ll give way our position.” He hisses at him. “Let your eyes adjust, there is almost a full moon, more than enough light.” While closing the computer.
Mrs. Hudson finally goes back down to her flat. She insisted upon washing up the then had wanted to stay and watch crap telly with us but I begged off. I was a bit light headed from my pain meds. Sherlock bolted the doors quickly before anyone else could drop in.
“Next I knew I was waking up in hospital; I had been unconscious for three days. I had 15-centimeters of stiches along the right side of my head, from my eyebrow to above my ear. I experienced double vision, headache, nausea and a sensitivity to bright light. It is now 15, April and I am still suffering headaches and issues with bright lights resulting from the concussion.”
I can’t help but snort out a laugh “Yeah, right. I’ve heard that one before.” I turn away, then back towards Sherlock “Shit. We do this only if you promise to be extra careful, no running off on your own! No secrets. No holding anything back. Got it?” I command while maintaining eye contact.
He won’t look at either of us as he shoves another biscuit in his mouth and starts to chew. “I guess I better try a few before they disappear then.” I joke at her. I’m starting to feel better now, these are good pills. “We’ll have to order in tonight, I can’t be trusted not to burn dinner with these meds.” I inform Sherlock.
“Now Mr. Holmes, I need to check your prostate. If you would be so kind as to turn around and lean on your elbows on the table, with your back to me please.”
“I was curious about your nickname, ‘Three Continents Watson’. I’ve only had two lovers counting you.” He quietly confesses.
Sherlock nods and answers “I noticed at the place by the pond there was an orchard there. Looked like a couple apple trees. Are they any good?”
The shorter man tilts his head up with a large grin on his face, “And I love you too Sherlock Watson Holmes.”
Coming closer Mike looks, “Yep, infection. Damn. Okay, I’ll prescribe an antibiotic and some cream before I go.” He pulls up John’s file on the computer on the wall, types in a few lines. “I’ll just get the duty Nurse on this, then head out to lunch. I’ll be back with food and hot coffees.” On his way out the door.
“Kevin needs us there by October 1st, it’s September 15th now. We’d have to contact Mycroft about a passport for Rosie, too late for proper channels. He does owe me for two years of grieving, he could have mentioned you were alive too!”
September 21st, is a day I will remember just as fondly as yesterday. For the first time I was able to keep a secret from Sherlock! After a bit of sweaty fun before getting out of bed, we showered and dressed to get ready to head out to Angelo’s for brunch. Part of my wedding gift to Sherlock was delivered to Mrs. Hudson yesterday morning; new slides, petri dishes, assorted Erlenmeyer flasks, test tubes and a new microscope ordered through Bart’s with help from Mike.
“You know John has moved back into Baker Street with his daughter Rosie correct?” Sherlock begins nervously. John places his right hand over Sherlock’s left knee, giving a gentle squeeze.
“I know, but Kevin is a miracle worker with shoulders, the man simply does wonders. Daniel is our head therapist, runs the program. Between the two if any improvement can be done, they’ll find a way. I understand you may never be able to perform surgery again, but maybe, just maybe, they can help?”
John rises, adjusts himself in his pants then takes the mostly empty food containers away to throw out. On his way back, he grabs a bottle of Scotch and two tumblers pouring out a fingers worth in each glass, handing one to Sherlock. John throws another log on the fire and sits, closer to Sherlock than he was before.
“Sorry. I missed that. What was the last bit?” I can tell he’s nervous once more. I try to think where they could be used and my mind rebels at the thought.
John can feel himself starting to get hard, the doctor in him starts to scream in protest even though he’s enjoying the sensations. Finally managing to pull away, “Sherlock… I want to, believe me I do, but I can’t. If I get too excited, I could pass out, throw up, and have another seizure or a combination thereof. I’ll have to wait until my concussion is healed up a bit.” John can see the look of disappointment before Sherlock shutters it away. “Nothing says that I can’t pleasure you though” as John runs his hands down to undo the tie in Sherlock’s pajama bottoms letting them pool around his ankles, exposing his swelling cock. The resulting grin Sherlock gives him is glorious. John gingerly nods toward the shower stall, slowly leading Sherlock in with him.
“My aunt has a hereditary disease similar to Parkinson’s that runs in her family so she and my uncle opted to adopt children rather than the possibility of subjecting another generation to this disease. They adopted two girls. The older girl, Nancy, couldn’t deal with her birth mother abandoning her. The younger, Carol, was grateful that my aunt and uncle chose her out of the available babies.
Just as Sherlock is about to answer, they hear Mrs. Hudson knock on the door to the flat and call out. “Woo hoo boys. I brought up some tea and warm scones.”
“Me?” I ask sceptically “I’m ordinary. Just a broken old army doctor, there’s nothing special about me.”
I hold him tighter “And then me?” he nods “Promise me Sherlock, if I ever cause you discomfort during sex you will tell me at the time. I love you, I never want to cause you anymore pain.”
I get lost in the feeling of Sherlock licking and sucking. His hands are running up and down my legs, chest and cupping my bullocks. I can feel myself getting closer to release, I don’t want to come yet though. Just before it’s too late I cry out “Stop!” He releases me with an audible popping sound. “Good boy, finish washing yourself” as I step back to allow him under the spray.
“I believe so Doctor John sir. We have the rest of the bolt of fabric in the back if I am not mistaken.” He’s going through his supplies in his head. “Yes, we still have that fabric. Mr Holmes was highly fond of it and had me set it aside for him.” He’s almost finished the adjustments on the tux by this point. He tweaks my left sleeve one last time. “Done, if you remove that carefully I will let Mr Holmes know he can come back in now?”
John answers, “He isn’t here. Sherlock is in the park with Rosie.” His headache is getting worse from the stress. Nodding his head toward the unknown man behind Mycroft, “Who’s this then?”
I run my hand over Rosie’s curls then lean over to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. “No. It wasn’t you. I left my pills down here and my shoulder hurts again. Think I’ll forgo the liquor with them this time. Is the pill splitter still clean?”
“John” is all he can say as I flick a nipple with my tongue. He pulls my jumper over my head and with a frustrated sigh and starts working on my buttons.
“Well, after the, um, celebration we had last night the sheets needed changing. I mentioned it when we got out of bed this morning.”
“I drew the blood for the paternity test myself. She’s mine. After all the lies… How could I not doubt?”
His memory is still fuzzy but is giving him flashes he’d rather not concentrate too much on. He keeps getting flashes of naked bodies surrounding him while he’s splayed out on a number of contraptions in what the handler calls the ‘play room.’ Each device is equipped to secure him so he can’t fight back or move. He recalls being violated, frequently, and from the feel of his rectum, quite recently.
Once again Donovan is manning the crime-scene-tape when we arrive. Just as she opens her mouth about to insult Sherlock I command “Don’t” while glaring at her. We could audibly hear her snap her mouth shut.
He figures Sherlock is about to deduce something about the officiant not being legal or something. Glancing over his shoulder, “If you insist Mary.” Looking Sherlock in the eyes, “Alright, go on. What do I need to know now that’s so important it can’t wait?”
John smiles fondly and steps closer to put his arms around Sherlock and Rosie. “If you feel overwhelmed at any point we can leave. I’m here for you if you need me love.”
John is speechless, flabbergasted. “The retainer is… I wouldn’t have to work… Where do I sign?” Looking at Mike, excited, “Can I borrow your pen?”
Sherlock frowns at Greg, “He’s not homeless.” Waving a hand before typing again, “John can stay here as long as he wants. There’s another bedroom upstairs I don’t use if he wants it.” He absently mentions while typing away at Greg’s computer. “Look, there are over a dozen more suspicious files added just this month.” Turning the laptop back to the Inspector.
Sherlock nods once, “Alright, but I’m going to have Mrs. Hudson check in on you and I expect a text update every thirty, no every fifteen minutes.”
“Whatever John. Rosie and I will be out front.” He saunters his way out, damn that walk is sexy. Think about something else – Mycroft, dead bodies, Donovan… better, much better.
“You never have to go back to that Clinic, you can stay home with me and Rosie until you start teaching next year.” Sherlock murmurs back.
Sherlock and I look at one another, he gives me leave to answer. “A friend of mine in the States needs a house sitter. Sherlock agreed to accompany me there, that afternoon he proposed and I said yes. We figured the trip would make a lovely honeymoon. As for the timing, Kevin needs us there by October 1st; he was called away kind of last minute himself.”
After the barber we drove back to Baker Street where we left Greg’s car parked in front of the flat. We walked around the corner to the pub. We grab a table, order, then I excuse myself to use the loo. I leave the microphones in one of the stalls behind the toilet. That should give Mycroft’s people some interesting ‘conversations’. Our drinks are being delivered to the table as I get back. I must have a goofy look on my face as I sit down as Greg asks me “What?”
“Yeah. At Uni I met a boy, Victor Lynne. Thought he cared for me, sex was uncomfortable. He introduced me to drugs to get me to relax, started my habit. Once at a party after he got me high, he convinced me that if I truly loved him, I’d have sex with a woman of his choosing; I couldn’t do it. We broke up, well, he threw me out of his flat the next day because I was an ‘addict’.” Takes a shuddering breath.
Sherlock finally speaks “No. Mycroft said you had data for us to go over?” holding out his hand for the information.
“On that note, you’ll notice on here I’ve redrawn the county road in black marker and the red is the border of the property. I marked the houses I’ve left, inhabited ones in blue, and labelled a few other areas as well. The lady who had this cabin showed me around when she came to get the last of the stuff she wanted out of it. She’s renting my old place in Sonoma so if I have questions she’s willing to answer or come show me. Found this place through her, she and Diana were dog show friends.”
Sherlock starts coffee in a press after flicking on the kettle. “Harry started ordering John to move out and look into adoption options for Rosie. She didn’t even notice her niece was healthy, happy and well-loved here.” Waving an arm to encompass the flat, “We even cleaned yesterday, well mostly John, but I helped. She complained about the dust bothering her allergies before she even took off her coat.”
“Okay!” Grabbing a random treat with her other hand before running into the lounge where Sherlock was laying prone on the sofa. “Papa, Papa I got you a biscuit!”
“You have got to be kidding me!” John exclaims while reaching for his own wallet to pull out the required bill and handing it over.
When I get back to myself, Sherlock has taken himself in hand. I mumble at him “Let me, come closer.” As I reach over, it only takes a few strokes for him to come in my hand.  I run my clean hand through his hair, caressing as he comes back. When he is coherent, Sherlock reaches down and picks his pants off the floor and wipes my hand clean then turns off the lights. I pull him closer as I cover us with the blankets. I murmur “Such a wonderful talented boy” as we fall asleep curled around one another.
Rubbing Sherlock’s lower back with his right hand, “Don’t worry Mr. Holmes I’ll take good care of you. If you are amenable I can add a third finger…”
There are chairs set out with a small aisle down the middle, on each chair is a disposable camera. Mycroft is standing in front of the Jubilee Gates as Greg, Molly, Mrs H, Rosie and myself walk up. I don’t see Sherlock but Mycroft doesn’t look worried. Mike Stamford and his wife Lily are talking with Bill Murray and his wife Judith. Violet and Siger Holmes are sitting in the front row of seats. I walk Mrs H to the front row and leave Rosie in her pram next to them as I go to mingle and greet our guests.
It’s foggy when I wake up early on the 30th. Sherlock and I were up quite late last night and he was still sound asleep when I slipped out. There is a fire burning in the woodstove in the great room to take care of the chill. A wooden box and a small stack of books is on the end of the table, I notice they are nature books for the region. Kevin is in the kitchen, preparing to make something. “Morning Kevin.” I greet “What are you up to?” I inquire.
Thank goodness for first class and the lanky git I’m traveling with. He helped keep Rosie occupied for most of the flight, even so good as to hold her so I could cool down. Sherlock also had the forethought to ask the flight attendant to warn us when decent was about to start. We purchased a few bottles of Rosie’s favourite juice while waiting to board. Easiest way to get her ears to pop, don’t ever want to be ‘those’ parents on a plane.
I woke up in hospital having missed three days. I have a nasty concussion, stitches and severe bruising.
“You would not be disturbing me. There’s nothing to do here… I need… I need a distraction. Please stay, visit, and talk with me.” The dark-haired stranger is pleading.
John wanders over to the sink, his shirt rising up in the back as he reaches to grab a pill bottle off the top shelf, handing it to Sherlock. Lestrade gasps as he sees bruises on John’s exposed lower back. “Paracetamol, you can take two if you want. We’ll change the bandage after you shower, don’t want the stitches to become infected.” Sitting down at the table downing a couple pills himself.
The nurse comes back in. “I’m Betty by the way, Doc wants a blood sample to check your kidney function.” She looks at John, then me with Rosie strapped to my chest in the harness. “She’s cute, who’s this? She looks so much like both of you… Your curls” as she twines a figure through Rosie’s blond curls looking at me. Then looks at John “and your eyes. A perfect combination, you do DNA splicing or something?”
“Oh, I did ask Molly and Mrs. Hudson to update Rosie’s room while we’re away. Decorate it for a young lady, nothing too childish… something that can last. Hopefully Rosie will like the updates we’re making.”
I just level a look at her and close the curtain around the bed and grab the dustbin in the corner and a pair of gloves. No one complains, now I really want to know what Mycroft faxed over! I help change John into the hospital gown, open in back. John is more coherent as I help him sit on the edge of the bed. “Don’t know how I missed the symptoms.” He slurs, but he is clearer than earlier.
“I know I want to; you shouldn’t have to do everything.” Bends down to pick up the dirty linens from the floor, “I’ll just go and pop these in the washer.” Giving a surprised but pleased John a quick peck on the cheek. Calling over his shoulder as he walks down the hall, “Mind you’ll have to put them in the dryer, I almost burnt them last time.” John’s laughter follows Sherlock.
“I’ll be fine. I haven’t had a seizure since the first one in hospital. I don’t have a headache right now thanks to your massage earlier. Go out for a couple hours, have fun. Relax. Unwind.”
The chicken is excellent, better than mine. Sherlock and I take turns feeding Rosie small pieces of chicken and smashed vegetables.
“Let me get my kit, I think I have something for nausea in there.” I pat his shoulder as I rise and leave to retrieve my medical kit from the kitchen. While out there I grab a bottle of vitamin E capsules and a clean glass.
“So let’s see, I’m crossing of Needles/Piercing and Inversion from your list and Spanking from mine. We both have denied orgasm and cock cage for punishment, hum. For reward Riming, Fellatio. You like to give head as well as receive equally? Interesting. Clarify hanging, you don’t mean like a noose around your neck?”
“Good. Kevin also said Joe knows a few more veterans as well. I left the email open for you.” Sherlock points to the coffee table where my laptop is open.
“Oh god, we have to stop or I’m going to scar my daughter for life.” I pull away, cupping my hand around Sherlock’s sensuous neck. “Later, we’ll definitely finish this later.” As I adjust myself in my jeans to ease the pressure on my erection.
A few minutes later, “Woo hoo!” Mrs. Hudson calls walking up the stairs. “Hello John. Sherlock insisted that I come up and check on you. My yarn group is meeting downstairs today, if you want to come down you are more than welcome.”
“You know I don’t eat while I’m on a case…” Sherlock begins as John cautiously sits, avoiding touching the back of the chair.
John was in his armchair sipping a cup of tea while reading the newspaper when Sherlock strolled in and tossed a hat with a pair dark sunglasses folded up inside onto his lap. Picking them up and looking at Sherlock, John asks, “What’s this for?” John thought they left these at Sherlock’s parents when they had visited over Easter.
Assertive, annoyed, “Sherlock! You NEVER deserve to be hurt, especially by me. I am genuinely sorry for that.” Shamefully apologetic at the end. “I’ve gone back to Ella to work on my anger.”
“We’ve all gotten along very well until my uncle died a little over three years ago now. Kim started to spend more time with her grandmother, which normally is a good thing. Main problem is Kim chases away everyone else as she is even more demanding than her mother ever thought of being. Even resorting to telling lies to her grandmother about everyone.
“Yes I am” smiling. Sherlock helps John rise and assists him to the bathroom. With only one eye open John has little to no depth perception. Behind them, Nurse Jessie has already started stripping the bed.
“Kitchen is fine. Let me grab some supplies and I’ll be right back. Kindly take off your clothes sir.” Smiling.
“When we stopped, the bullets started coming from another sector, I was able to take another shooter out. When someone nearby yelled for a medic, I responded, found two men who were shot, one in the leg, one in the upper arm. The fellow with the arm wound was trying to keep his fellow with the leg wound from bleeding out. I managed to stop the bleeding, threw him over my shoulder and carried him over to our vehicle and tossed him in the back. Arm wound followed on his own, I patched him up in transit. My unit evacuated them, a Canadian and three of our guys back to our base hospital. Still not exactly sure how we all fit in that Humvee. Once we got back to camp, I was ordered to scrub in and help with the wounded. I was able to save Kevin’s life and leg that day; for some reason he was grateful.”
“In all seriousness, I remember the first time I met John, the ‘study in pink’ case with the killer cabbie. Sherlock showed up at a crime scene with this nondescript, quiet, bloke with a cane limping along behind him. Didn’t get a name until much later in the evening just a curt “he’s with me”. I truthfully didn’t figure John would last the night before scarpering off. But John was made of much sterner stuff than that.”
Jorge gets my attention “All done marking Doctor John. You can get dressed now.” He starts to remove the marked suit. I’m starting to feel lightheaded.
“More or less during the ‘Hope’ case” seeing the look of confusion on the DI face “John dubbed it ‘The Study in Pink’ on his blog.”
“Molly and Mrs. Hudson are watching her at Baker Street. She misses us but is doing fine, I’ve talked to her on the phone every day.” Assuring, “The Doctor needs to check you out. I need to press your call button, they wanted to know when you woke.” Sherlock finds and presses the call button with his free hand to attract a nurse. “I’m sorry I put you in danger, I only saw indications for one killer, not a team.” Nervous.
Sherlock’s smile disappears as he jumps up and opens the drapes. “Point him out if you would be so kind.”
Tilting his head, “Why the camera? Oh! You need to prove to your benefactor you do indeed have a werewolf. You need to film my transformation. Interesting, very interesting.” Smiling.
When the flat lost what little light the cloud covered sunlight brought, John puts his book down and lights a few candles on the mantle. He then wraps his arms around Sherlock, stepping close behind him to gently share warmth. Sherlock brings his hands up to cover Johns on his stomach, leaning back into the embrace.
There is another knock at the door. This time Doctor Jacobs enters with a folder. “Ah, John, you’re awake. Last time I came by you were both sleeping, didn’t want to wake you.” He steps closer to the bed and addresses Dr. Murray, “I’m Doctor Mark Jacobs, Mycroft Holmes called me in as a consultant for Doctor Watson here.”
My shoulder is starting to ache again by the time we finish. I left the pain meds in the bedroom. Sherlock must notice my discomfort. “John, we should head back to Baker Street, you need another pill. Surprised you didn’t bring them with… Anyways Rosie will be more comfortable sleeping in her cot.” He says lowly so as not to wake her.
“Keep your voice down!” Sherlock shushes, “Criminals prefer the dark that way fewer people can see what they’re up to.”
I notice out of the corner of my eye Sherlock has risen with Rosie and is headed over. He hands Mrs. H Rosie and gives them both a hug and Mrs. H a peck on the cheek. He then takes his tea and a handful biscuits and goes to his chair to sit.
Sean is sitting on his deck, overlooking his fenced off garden as we drive by, there are a few tall plants that look suspiciously like marijuana to me. He has two small dogs that greet us barking up a storm, but quiet down when he tells them to stop. He comes around the side of the house to where we parked. He’s thin, tall, greying hair, blue eyes with the air of an old west trapper about him. The years look like they have been rough on him.
“Bingo!” Kevin continues “There is a brass marker at the top of the hill, I’ll show you tomorrow. I’ve taken countless pictures and video of it and the surrounding areas and sent in the mistake. The idiots have had the county road in the wrong location for years!” He points behind him “It is two miles back that way.” He point’s in the other direction “they have it located three miles that way.”
Sherlock looks a bit sheepish, “Yeah, about that… your landlord was pinning an eviction notice on your door when I got there so I packed up everything, including your, ah, firearm. Lestrade helped me move the footlocker upstairs before he left. You can stay here as long as you want though, no problem.”
When the song is blessedly over Sherlock whispers in John’s ear while clapping politely with the other parents and guests. “The person who chose that song is a masochist!”
“Spanked?” I can’t help the giggle that comes out. “I’m sorry, it’s just imagining you over my lap being spanked like a bad school boy...sorry!”
Timidly smiling, “I… hope to have one… in the near future.” Slowly reaching a slightly trembling hand out to place it on John’s knee.
A twenty-minute cab ride later, they arrive on scene. It must be brutal as Lestrade is waiting outside for them. “Hi guys, thanks for coming.” Greg greets at they walk up. “This one is bloody…”
Mycroft sits down, facing the door, “You may as well both try and sleep, I will be here when you wake.”
John frowns a bit, “Yeah, more on the right. Hold on.” John brings his right arm down, palpating his abdomen from left to right. When he gets to the right mid quadrant he sucks in a grunt of pain and swears, “Shit.”
Sherlock places his hands on my face and forces me to look him in the eyes. “John, breathe. Follow me, in 2, 3, out, 2, 3. That’s it now, breathe with me. In 2, 3, out, 2, 3. Just relax. Concentrate on breathing with me. Good, again… There is nothing to panic about, we can ask Mrs. Hudson to help with flowers. Everyone has phones capable of taking pictures and we can purchase those disposable camera things. As for music, I have a few thoughts for that as well. That’s it, breathe for me…” Sherlock kneads my shoulders as I calm down, easing the tension that built up.
“Once.” Not looking at John, “It did not end well. Just a bit before my first stint in rehab as a matter of fact.”
“Of course dear. Just this once though mind, I’m not your housekeeper.” She smiles fondly while walking out the door Greg holds open for her.
Sherlock lightly brushes the hair away from John’s stiches without waking him. They are red and a bit puffy. “Mike, his stiches...” alarmed.
“It would depend upon the other person. I would want to be certain they cared for me as much as I do them. Rosie would have to like them too.” Looking at Sherlock smiling “Why? Are you asking me to marry you?”
The power had been out all day in their section of the city. It had gone off during the night if the chill in the flat when they awoke late that morning was any indication. The only heat had been that given by the fire John started, now burning merrily in grate. The good doctor also had the foresight to close the doors into the kitchen and landing to keep what heat the fire did generate to stay within the lounge.
He is placed, barefoot, in a cement floored cell with several other people, of both sexes, dressed similarly. John noticed on his way to this cell there were other cells with people still dressed in their street clothes. Just before the officer who brought him down closes the door, John loudly demands, “What about my phone call? I’m a citizen and by rights I’m allowed a call.”
Shortly I finish what I needed to check and watch Rosie crawl across the floor before returning my attention to the two men in the room with me. Kevin is scowling at his screen furiously typing. Sherlock has a gleam in his eye that can only mean and interesting case. I move to see what has caught his interest when he looks up.
“No, nothing like that Stephon. Doctor Watson and I are in need of wedding rings. This is his daughter Rosie.” As he shakes hands.
“Nothing, just happy” and take a sip of my lager. Time to change the subject “So, tomorrow then. Sherlock has Molly as his Best Girl, says he has a ‘special assignment’ for her so you get to hold both rings.”
Smiling, “How can I forget?” Giving Sherlock a hug and a quick kiss on the lips. “What say we go and tell our daughter that she has two Santa Claus’ in the house?”
I nod and wander over to where Sherlock is crouching next to the body. I bend over opposite to have a look myself. As I inspect the scene, Sherlock watches me. “The body was dumped here, not enough blood. There’s another crime scene somewhere.” Sherlock nods and smiles at my statement.
“Yeah, thanks Mrs. Hudson.” I hear a rustle of fabric then Greg stomping down the stairs louder than he went up. I’m waiting by the monitor with Mycroft’s bugs in my pocket. Greg asks “You ready to go then?”
“Yeah, well part of it is was a diet change. After I left hospital in January I had issues with red meat, we’ve gone mostly vegetarian since then.”
“Let me get you a body bag.” John moves toward the front of the house. Kevin showed them where he keeps his game bags in a breakfront outside his bedroom.
I shipped a couple books we can read to Rosie in one of the boxes, I’ll have to see if Sherlock will indulge me tonight. With the way I stormed off, he won’t want to refuse me anything. Dammit, now I feel guilty as well.
“I volunteered for you to shoot me at Sherrinford. I could not let you shoot your own brother. Course he knew he could not let you shoot me either. I am eternally grateful Eros prevented you from shooting yourself; I could not have survived watching you kill yourself again. I am not thankful for her chaining me in that bloody well with Victor Trevor’s bones though! I am happy you were able figure out how to get me out before I drowned… it was close.
“We have a contract, you know that. Your sister Euros was supposed to marry Coronel Watson’s eldest but fate decided against them.“
Taking Sherlock’s hand and giving it a squeeze, “I know, we’ve worked it out. What about you and Mycroft, was there ever a time you two got along?” Picking up his tea in his free hand to take another sip.
I take the offered holster and pistol. Load the clip, find a stance, put a round in the chamber and fire a shot into the hole Sherlock left in the middle of the target. Following his example, I make sure Rosie is still happy before emptying my clip in bullseye as well, right handed. I remove the empty clip and insert a new one, put another round in the chamber and empty the clip into the bullseye using my left hand. It feels good to shoot again.
“Oh, okay. That’s settled then.” He sighs contentedly and falls asleep with a grin on his face as I gently rub his upper back.
John being described, standing at attention mid-stage under a spotlight, winces at the last sentence.
“Yeah, well the speakers I wanted to listen to at the conference cancelled. Besides I missed being with you and Rosie too much.”
I sigh, we need to change the locks, again. “Mycroft. Sherlock left with Rosie a few minutes ago but you probably already know that. What can I help you with today?” sarcasm is my friend as I sip my cup of tea.
I show him the white cloudy formations in both of our fingernails, “We’ve both been exposed, I don’t use sugar in my tea or coffee.” Trying to think, we’ve had mostly take-out the last few weeks due to a series of cases.
“What? I’m putting the clean laundry away. Mrs. Hudson brought up what we used while I was in hospital. From the looks of it, she raided the hampers as well. And keep your voice down, you’ll wake Rosie.” Glancing at the ceiling, her room is just above.
“John! Go back to bed, I was just finishing helping Rosie make you breakfast in bed for Father’s Day.”
“Oh, that reminds me.” I reach into the pocket of the nappy bag pulling out the sterilized collection tubes. “I packed you a surprise as well.” Handing them over.
“Right piece of work that one.” Greg says as he grabs his now cold coffee for a sip as he sits back down. His grimace makes everyone laugh. “What?” he asks in confusion.
Violet grins, “Call me Violet or Mummy dear. We’re both doing very well John. Sherlock told me you were doing much better after your ordeal; dreadful business, simply dreadful. We are glad you and your baby girl could come and join us.” Eagerly taking Rosie from his arms, “Let me help you.”
The resultant gasp from the audience is louder than when Sherlock first interrupted the ceremony. Along with Mary’s angrily hissed, “How dare you!”
Lestrade looks closer at the blanket “Good job, didn’t know he had it in him.” He then watches John as he sleeps. John seems rather restless to Greg, furrowed brow, a curled lip, hands fisting and relaxing, and uttering low moans on and off.
“Why don’t I believe you two? Alright, I’ll drop it for now.” Greg takes a deep breath “John, I need your statement from when you were taken by Camorra and his men.” He looks at my arm in its sling. “You can dictate it while I write.” Greg walks behind his desk and pulls out a form. “Sherlock, why don’t you sit and take it easy while I get John’s statement?”
“By Jove, I believe he is learning!” Sherlock exclaims. I blush at the praise. Sherlock pulls out his phone, there are a few texts from Greg adding additional information to the case.
Sherlock laughs while nodding and leaves them on the counter for later. I delete the note then we both start texting out invitations, Sherlock takes Molly, and his folks having already texted Angelo and Mycroft.
“John and I have had some terrific nights out over the past few years. I have really enjoyed his company and sunk many pints as a result. I wouldn't say we drank to excess… we drank to anything. In all seriousness though, a friend like John is hard to find. This morning, for instance, I had to look in three pubs and a wine bar.” Laughter.
Greg helps Sherlock get an increasingly groggy and groaning John up the stairs to Sherlock’s flat. “I think he’d be more comfortable laying down on his stomach, let’s put him in my bed for now.” Sherlock suggests.
Sherlock is using my good shoulder for a pillow, his breathing has evened out. I’m almost asleep when I hear him ask. “Why did you come back to me after Mary?”
Removing his gloves to shake hands, “I’m pleased to meet you Doctor Jacobs. I’m Doctor Vincent Murray, Dean of St Bartholomew’s Teaching Hospital. If you have some free time I’d like to discuss the possibility of you being a guest lecturer. I’ve already been lucky enough to have one of my best students come back to me.” Smiling fondly at John.
He gives me a tight hug, avoiding pins. “It’s going to be fine John. I, I planned this wedding when I helped … Everything is going to be alright. We can handle this, we’ve been through tougher situations.”
Meanwhile Kevin has the shotgun and a shell waiting for me. I roll my shoulders a few times walking over. I nod at Kevin while taking the gun and shell, loading and setting myself in position. I hesitate a few breathes before finally pulling the trigger. No pain, at least nothing new. Good. I’ve even hit the target in the middle.
“I said shoot him, not kick him dear brother. Doesn’t matter, get him up on his feet, I want this one here to watch me interrogate the good Doctor.” Brandishing a long, sharp knife in Sherlock’s face. From his position on the floor, John can tell Sherlock is trying not to let his emotions show.
Sherlock and he also spotted the obvious inaccuracies in the crime scene. While investigating, John’s brilliant husband determined the two bodies in the room were lovers and that the resentful spouse of one of the victims was in fact the killer who had also staged the scene.
Sherlock starts to help put the bed back together without prompting. “I do enjoy cooking with you and you know how much I like curry.” Shaking out the top sheet. “I’ll scrub the bathroom; you’ve done too much today already.” Spreading out a blanket.
Nodding, Greg answers “Yeah, yeah, right.” John tenses as Greg continues to watch him sleep. Fists staying clenched, a low growl like sound coming though the curled lip. One leg kicking the far end of the couch. Without really thinking, Greg reaches out to shake John’s hip.
“Yes. I experienced a seizure while in hospital. I had never undergone one before. Mr. Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock Holmes’ elder brother was a witness. I also seem to have developed an aversion to red meat since the incident as well.” When John finished the glint in Lawyer Daggett’s eyes gleamed a bit brighter.
He’s not sure what wakes him at first. He’s exhausted and just wants to go back to sleep. It reeks of dog, he’s no longer sure if the scent comes from himself or the warm body next to him or the old mattress the two are sleeping on. Ah, his bunkmate is dreaming, that’s what woke him. According to the tag on the collar around the dogs neck, his name is Siri. A twitching paw grazes his ankle above the metal shackles, he listens as Siri whines then growls as he dreams. The dog continues to dream as he watches, his own eyes barely slits. No need to alert their handler he’s awake, he’s learned how to fake being asleep. The dog wakes enough to roll over, it’s back to his now. The extra warmth feels good against his naked body, he can feel the muscles in his lower back relax with the heat.
Sherlock, taking Rosie for his morning hug and kiss, “I believe Kevin is going to make an exception for us.”
Surprisingly there is room for me to place both bags of food in the fridge without unpacking them. Thinking back, Sherlock has been keeping the toxic waste and body parts in the fridge to a minimum since Rosie and I moved back in. From the doorway of the kitchen I ask “Would either of you like some tea or water?”
“Nonsense dear, you have known each other for ages. Frankly we thought the two of you were together before from reading John’s blog and some of your brother’s comments.” Violet admits.
Scowling, he observes the date on the file, “Why has it taken so long to inform me of this?” he growls, glaring at his slave.
Sherlock rushes to John’s side next to Mycroft as he explains, “He was talking and suddenly stopped mid word. He had a seizure, less than thirty seconds; teeth clicking, mild tremors in his limbs” Sherlock stares at John in shock as John begins to moan.
“As soon as we finish.” John adds while casually pulling a carrot out of a pocket in Sherlock’s Belstaff.
“Oh Sherlock!” I give him a hug and a kiss “I didn’t realize, you need your sleep too you know. Wake me next time, she’s my daughter I should be doing the night time duties.”
Sherlock ducked between two buildings before John could turn the corner behind him. In the dark, our two heroes get separated. John quickly realizes no one is in front of him so he backtracks only to find signs of a struggle and of someone being dragged away. He fears it can only be Sherlock. John updates Lestrade on his location and the direction the trail is leading.
“I’m not jealous” Sherlock pouts, “I’m worried it would remind you how much you like women and you would leave me.”
The moan Sherlock releases surpasses any John has heard in all of the porn he’s watched, it goes straight to his cock.
I haven’t gone shopping for groceries for a few days, there is still milk for tea but nothing in for supper. When he comes back upstairs, Sherlock and I agree on Chinese from our favourite take out. While waiting for our dinner to be delivered, I fill and start the kettle to boil and grab a jar of food for Rosie to enjoy along with small bites of our food. By the time the kettle clicks off I have the table set and Rosie strapped into her high-chair. I pour the water in our teapot and set it on the table to steep. I start feeding Rosie while waiting for the delivery person to show. When the food arrives Sherlock goes down to answer the door and pay.
An hour later finds them walking through the front door of John’s townhouse, a rented box lorry parked outside. A large stack of folded boxes and rolls of packing tape carried inside by both men. There is a pile of clean laundry folded on the spotless kitchen table, mostly sheets, towels and baby clothes.
The feeling in the room changed. There was a shift in our relationship. Sherlock’s actions had just become my responsibility and I was incredibly nervous about the change. I wasn't the only one. I tilt my head to the side and Sherlock takes a quick step back. I come to attention and bring out my inner Captain “Sherlock.” Sherlock’s pupils blow, interesting.
Sherlock carefully and surely manoeuvres across the creek, past a pile of blocks on a cement slab, and up the hill where Kevin directed him. A few turns up the road and Kevin says “Stop. If you look up to your left, there is a green plastic, 1500 gallon tank holding the water for the house. If the water is running over like it is, the tank is full. If you don’t have water at the house check here first.”
Sherlock strips me down to my pants then heads into Rosie’s bathroom to start the water running in her tub. I follow after removing Rosie’s nappy. He’s in the tub waiting for us when I come in. I hand her down to him, and sit myself into the other end of the large tub, legs entangled. I’m a giddy, lust filled mess by the time Rosie is bathed, dried, dressed and put to bed.
Sherlock adds in “Kevin has a large ranch in Northern California, he sent several pictures. Looks interesting, we should have a pleasant time. There is internet and apparently phone so we can assist you with anything that might come up.”
Outside the only noises heard were the gentle breaking of waves echoing up the chalky white cliff face from the beach far below. Inside one could hear the crackling of the fire burning in the woodstove. The mantle above adorned with a skull wearing an old Santa hat overseeing three hanging stockings and a small assortment of Holiday cards. A mirror above reflecting the cosy room and the twinkle lights draped around its frame.
I give Sherlock a quick peck on the lips “Good morning love.” I give Rosie a kiss on her curls “Morning babe.”
Sherlock had fallen back asleep by the time John brings Rosie back down to the room. John sighs and lays down on his back next to Sherlock with Rosie napping on his chest. Feeling content he slowly drifts off into a light doze.
“That’s enough, you need to take it easy. Let’s get you into bed and I’ll give you something for the pain.”
John drops what is in his hands to rise and quickly crosses the room, “I’m sorry, it won’t happen again. I must have left my phone in the room when I put Rosie down for her nap and lost track of the time.”
Sherlock strides in as Mrs. Hudson admonishes him for being rude and reminding him there are two sick people on the couch. “Yes, yes. I’ll do Rosie first.” Sliding the unit from forehead to her temple softly so as not to wake her. The gadget emits a low beep. Frowning Sherlock shows it to John, “It’s set to Fahrenheit, 99 is high correct?”
“I didn’t find you in time! You weren’t breathing and your bloody heart stopped while I was checking your pulse! I had to perform CPR until the ambulance got there!” Greg practically shouts at Sherlock.
John sings along to the tune playing in the background while adding a log to the fire, “Chestnuts roasting on an open fire. Jack Frost nipping at your nose. Yuletide carols being sung by a fire and folks dressed up like eskimos…”
“I know Sherlock. I don’t know where I’d be without you. You’ve been a huge help since I moved back in. Rosie used to get up in the middle of the night before, either she’s sleeping through or you are getting up without waking me.”
At the bench Sherlock puts a bullet in the chamber, aims, takes a quick breath and pulls the trigger.
“Mmm, I have a standing physiotherapy session tomorrow late-morning. I can pick up Rosie after.” I mumble back.
“I thought it would bring out the color of your eyes. You should wear it when we visit my parents for Christmas dinner.”
She teases back with an all knowing grin “Should be interesting for you traveling with two toddlers John.”
“Shut it you or I’ll make you wear Billy’s hat.” Tossing the red and white hat across the room for Sherlock to place on the skull sitting on the mantle.
I’m feeding Rosie her lunch in the kitchen, we’re almost done. Mrs. Hudson pats Rosie’s curls and sits to watch me feed her.
With a glint in his eye lawyer Daggett takes out a voice recorder and asks John to add as many details of the time as he can. John began, “On 21, February Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade of New Scotland Yard asked Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective, to assist at a crime scene. I work along with Mr. Holmes as a medical consultant. After investigating at the scene of Mr. Lazlo Marsh’s murder and then seeing the photos of a previous, similar murder Sherlock, Mr. Holmes, deduced the person whom he suspected for the murders would attend a performance at a local theater. Sherlock left me to watch from an alley across the road from the front of the theater while he proceeded to watch the rear.
I put Rosie’s jumper on and head down the stairs. Mrs. Hudson meets us at the bottom “Where are you two off to?”
Sherlock pipes up “That’s an excellent idea!” I raise an eyebrow at him and add “That would be good. No harmful chemicals, raunchy fumes or odd body parts in the flat.”
“Sherlock, why are you putting these aside?” pointing to a pile of jumpers, socks, pants and a couple button down shirts; a few of which were taken out of the suitcase.
Sherlock wanted to take a walk and explore. Rosie and I napped on the flight from New York so are up to the task. My back is still bothering me but it’s bearable, I take a couple paracetamol to take the edge off. “Where to first love?” I ask as I place Rosie in the harness on my chest.
The next parcel held a tiny replica of a violin, a miniature Stradivarius to be exact. John just stood staring at it in the entryway until Mrs. Hudson came back in from her shopping.
Standing up, looking down my nose, my most haughty expression and command him, “I really don’t want to hear it. There is nothing you can say to me. You had best find a way to placate your friend though. Use your time wisely.” I walk with Rosie in the opposite direction, I need a few minutes to calm us both down as well.
A week later a replica of Manchu Pichu arrived followed a few days later by a replica of the Maya pyramid.
Lestrade meets them at an abandoned building across town. Donovan is once again manning the yellow tape at the perimeter. She huffs in annoyance, but otherwise ignores them as they go past, Sherlock and John ignore her in kind.
“It’s a versatile recipe, you can vary flours for different textures and flavours. Replace some of the water with melted butter and/or milk and add sugar to make a sticky bun dough, roll out after first rise and brush with melted butter and add cinnamon sugar and/or chopped nuts; roll, slice and place in a well buttered pan or muffin tins to rise.
Roberta doesn’t realize Sherlock has the gun or chooses to ignore it, she tried firing the nail gun at Sherlock to find it won’t work unless the tip is against a solid surface. Dropping the nail gun, she lunges the knife at him as he drives her further from John and the post he is secured to. After a brief struggle, Sherlock has Roberta King finally pressed against the far wall, one hand gripping her right wrist above her head. The filet knife is on the floor several feet away. She is fighting as hard as she can using her free left hand. Just before she can rake her long nails over Sherlock’s face, he raises the barrel of her brothers’ gun, pressing it against her temple and snarls viciously, “Give me an excuse, please.”
We spend the afternoon with Mrs. Hudson talking about everything and nothing. Chatting about the time Mrs. H and Sherlock were in Florida where they first met. We talk until supper time when Sherlock helps Mrs Hudson take the tea tray back downstairs.
“What’s with all the cleaning John? I didn’t think the place was that bad?” Sherlock wonders walking into our bedroom.
Rosie smiles and gurgles at the praise, kicking her legs. Sherlock prepares another spoonful as I turn to retrieve the splitter. I find myself smiling on my way down the hall. The splitter is where Sherlock said it would be.
My mind is a blank. Think dammit, you’re clever. Sherlock doesn’t think you’re that big of an idiot… Sherlock! That’s better… happily it wasn’t him who pissed me off this time. I am impressed with how he’s behaved himself. Rosie...
Kevin seems relieved to have a question to answer. “Yes, very. We can collect a few later today or tomorrow and I’ll make a pie. I have some tomato and few other vegetables planted there as well; feel free to raid. There are a few more trees scattered around the ‘camp’ area as well. You should be well kept in fresh apples. I’ve not sprayed them with anything, all organic.” Glancing hopefully at me and Rosie.
She walks behind John to pick up a loaded nail gun from the work table next to Sherlock. “Let’s see what this will do shall we?” Sounding all pleasant and pleased with the world. Robert is giggling while aiming his gun at a squirming Sherlock’s head.
“A bad one then.” Sherlock’s voice softens even more. “Greg, can you hand me the water bottle behind you?” Greg hands over the bottle as Sherlock pops a couple of pills from a blister pack, leaving the unopened tablets on the bedside table. “Thanks” to Greg. “Open up, I can give you two now and two more in another 4-6 hours if needed.” to John.
“I agree.” Sherlock then adds kindly “I’m not sure there is much we can do if your aunt won’t admit to abuse. What were you expecting from us Miss Ouellette?”
“John, John, John. We need to go to a jewellery store and pick out rings. You did agree to marry me after all.” He gives me a huge smile.
On a good note, I’ve started writing another JohnLock with over 24,000 words. Odds are it will double or triple (maybe more?) by the time I’m done. I’ll post it when finished. I have several other tales loosely outlined as well.
Greg Lestrade enters the flat and hears strange noises coming from down the hall. The odd sounds are followed by John’s voice pleading “Please, oh god, please” followed a groan. Knowing all the enemies the two men have collected through the years Greg draws his firearm and works his way quickly and quietly down the hall, following the noise.
Smiling “I was wondering if you remembered…” standing at ease “There are holes in their plan, easy enough for a determined person to slip through.” Pulling over the rough map they made.
“Oh hi, glad you could make it in. How’s the shoulder John?” Sherlock hands Rosie over, she and Greg get along. She giggles as he tickles her.
“It does look interesting. We might have to hold off our return to tour the area, we haven’t have a lot of time before.”
“Besides, I imagine he thought you were good looking, almost as much as I did. I deduce the good Detective Inspector to be bisexual.” Lying down on the bed.
“John’s gone to war, been injured, then went to war again here at home. He’s been through some good times and a few bad; a couple we won’t mention today. But through everything, John has stoically fought his way through. I consider him to be one of my best mates even though he always bets against Manchester United to win.” Chuckles.
“Lestrade just texted, it’s at least a seven John!” Sherlock bellows up the stairs, “We need to hurry before the forensics team gets there and messes up the crime scene again.” Frantically called from the bottom of the stairs to Rosie’s room.
Sherlock comes over to where I’ve been rocking Rosie carefully, on my right hip. He has concern in his eyes. I answer before he can ask “I can do this, don’t worry. I’ll start with the shotgun on the right, if it hurts I won’t advance to the riffle. Okay?” I reassure him.
Kidde was waiting for them outside, they must have made more noise than they thought exiting the house. Sherlock was in the lead and was able to dodge the first strike. Then Sherlock engaged in hand-to-hand combat, landing a few blows as he drives Kidde further away from the house. After a few minutes Sherlock is overcome after an intense fight. John hears his yelp of pain as Kidde lands a kick, knocking Sherlock down. Finally with a clear shot, John fires, hitting the Kidde between the eyes, killing him instantly before he can attack again.
Shocked, wet grin, “You love me?” sniff, “I thought you would have figured it out by now. I’m not gay, but I’m not totally straight either. I’m bisexual.”
He watches while one of John’s old blue checked button up shirts is sliced, none to carefully from his torso. There are several light scratches from the knife tip over John’s chest
“Yeah, whatever, knock yourselves out. Remind me when we get back we can pull the backseat out of the attic, you can put the baby seat in then. Oh, stay to the left here. The road to the right is a dead end, nice place to watch a sunset though.” We start to head downhill past several large fields. We’ve passed several covey of quail fluttering about as we travel along. “Quail season opens tomorrow, hopefully the little buggers stick around.”
Calmly Sherlock continues talking, “I did. You are all of similar build, have the same nose and chin. You are blue eyed but your younger brothers both have brown. Your hair colour is the same shade. You also have a similar… (sniffing) smell. Need I go on?” lifting an eyebrow.
“I was waiting for you. The little lady here was too hungry to wait, sorry.” He gives her a spoonful of sauce. Rosie is kicking her legs and giggling in pleasure.
From the crowd on the brides’ side of the church a light-haired man with blue eyes stands up and shouts, “The baby is mine! Mary, I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you!”
Lestrade pours out two cups of tea and requests the wait slave to bring back some biscuits on his next trip by. He slides one cup toward Scott, aka Sherlock. The waiter brings back a small plate with a few assorted biscuits, Lestrade picks up the top one and quickly eats whole it as the server walks away. On the stage the young, preteen boys are being brought out naked as the day they were born, wearing the same style of collar and lead as the girls. “God, I hate these places.” He says with a resigned sigh.
Sherlock smirks, “Ah, put your ‘top man’ on it did you? I’m surprised none of the other times John fired his gun resulted in an inquiry back to that case. Didn’t the ballistics match?”
There were a few places we wanted to visit while staying at Kevin’s. The lighthouse near Point Arena, as well as the town itself. The town of Mendocino, Glass Beach, and Fort Brag are a few musts on our list. We have been debating Jenner and Fort Ross. There are also a few vineyards and breweries in the area we would like to visit as well. We figure, the next time we have to make a run down to Costco for supplies we will visit the wild animal park outside of St. Helena and maybe Coppolla winery.
The road from Cloverdale to Boonville is winding but we make good progress. We lost sight of Kevin fairly quickly as he’s used to driving the road. In Boonville we take a left into the hills, the closer to Kevin’s the narrower and harsher the condition of the road. The dirt road into his place was a blessing by the time we pulled off the highly neglected county road. Sherlock chuckles while entering the passcode for the gate.
The man with the cane flinches at an overly bright flash of light and clap of thunder that seems to sound right above them, “Yes officers, I know this will sound strange but I forgot to grab my wallet when I left my flat this morning.” The man replies, pointing at the door to the building just down the street. “I can show you my credentials if you follow me…” he starts to say while taking a halting step forward.
Glancing up then back at the screen, “Yeah, John’s landlord was pinning an eviction notice on his door when I showed up. He let me in, seemed very happy to be rid of John… I packed up everything I could find, there’s a footlocker downstairs with a brass label reading Captain John H. Watson RAMC above the lock.”
Sitting on the bed, staring at the floor holding a fussing Rosie, “No. I… I want to go.” Looking up at John, tense, “I don’t remember much from that time, just snippets. Maybe being there will help unlock something.” Looking closer at the button down shirt under John’s oatmeal jumper. “I remember… Victor used to wear a red and blue checked shirt similar to the one you have on.”
“Stop!” John commands, “I am a Doctor and if I say the catheter and IV come out, they are going to come out.” Captain Watson is not happy. “I would prefer someone who knows what they are doing remove them, but I will walk my friend over here through it if needs be.” Pointing a thumb at Sherlock who looks positively chuffed at the notion.
We thank him for his offer and hop back into the Jeep. Sherlock slows going by an empty flat, cement pillars piled then two more ‘cabins’ still standing, one with a detached garage. “Not sure what I’m going to do with these two places yet, they are in decent shape.” Kevin adds driving by. Shortly after we get back to the road that leads to the house.
“Just have to remember not to move my arm too much. Forgot in the heat of the moment, I’ll be fine. Let’s finish and go to bed.”
“About half way done here John then I’ll sew you back together. I’ll contact Dr. Morris at Bart’s and explain what happened to you. They should be able to give you back your job, it wasn’t your fault you didn’t show up for your shifts.”
“I said I was coming.” Halfway down the seventeen steps, “I thought we were going to be use the fake tree again this year.”
It takes me a moment to catch on “What? I never even gave a thought about us… Are you sure ‘Sherlock Holmes-Watson’ isn’t better? Mycroft is going to be livid either way!” I laugh as I hand him my phone with the latest texts.
Blushing “The only bloke I had eyes for has been you ever since we met, everyone else has paled in comparison.” frowning “I never noticed if he flirted with me though.” Opening his arms up to Sherlock. “Too bad Molly has a new beau, have you met him, Matt Cooke? He seemed nice.” Pulling Sherlock closer, avoiding his tender left shoulder.
Sherlock lifts his violin and gives it a quick tune, rosins up his bow and starts to play. I think its Bach but I wouldn’t bet on it. Rosie sits quietly transfixed by the melodies coming out of the violin. Sherlock plays one song after another for nearly an hour, slowly rocking in time; gorgeous. When he finishes the flat seems too quiet, even with Rosie clapping and laughing in delight.
Sherlock waves his gloved right hand holding forceps, “I don’t know. The last time you gave me one?” ends questioningly.
“Nope, the entire school gets together for a final song. Rosie needs to stay for that.” John murmurs in his husbands’ ear. “If you behave, I’ll fellate you every night until Christmas. Deal?”
In my arms, Rosie starts to cry. “See what you’ve done now?” I angrily retort to Donovan. Sherlock is at my side almost instantly helping me try to soothe Rosie. I heatedly snap at Donovan “Sherlock is not, I repeat, not a psychopath, a sociopath or any other, whatever path, you can think of! He cares more about people than you do Sally! You should open your eyes and see that some time! Maybe then you wouldn’t be still stuck as a Sargent!” Rosie is really upset now, I’m pissed and need some air. “Sherlock, I’ll be outside. I need some fresh air.” I growl the last bit glaring at Donovan who takes a couple steps back from me.
After a while I notice it’s quiet and Sherlock is sitting out on the deck, legs over the side, two large plastic cups by him.
“How could I possibly forget someone you referred to as a cross between Bill Nye and Julia Child? That and we did, what is it you referred to it as, binge watch, his show last Easter with Mummy. He was very informative.”
“Just spit it out John.” Sherlock has worry lines on his brow. He must think I’ve changed my mind about marriage.
Very quietly from Harry “Yes, I need help. I can’t do this on my own. I’ve hurt too many people already.”
I made a quick run to the shops to pick up ingredients for a green salad for supper, it was just too bloody hot to even consider cooking anything and we’ve eaten a bit too much take-out lately. I left Rosie at the flat with Sherlock, they were playing on the floor with blocks when I left. I know I had closed the door of the flat when I left, when I returned the door is open and there is a woman sitting in the ‘client’ chair.
Lifting an eyebrow at Sherlock in inquiry, John wonders what Mycroft is trying to get them to do now.
Snow was falling outside, from the vantage point of the window next to their Christmas tree, Sherlock estimated the depth to be at least six inches already. The forecast called for more snow through the night. No people or cars were moving out on the streets that he could see. He and John could be the last two people on earth for all he could tell.
“Technically yes, but no…” walking over to his frowning, confused husband. John places the palm of his hand over Sherlock’s heart. “When Harry and I were old enough to know the truth Mum told us that as long as we believed in here,” lightly pressing harder against Sherlock’s chest, “Santa and Christmas would always live on in our hearts.” John steps back placing his hand on his own chest over his heart. “I know Santa does not really exist, but I carry his spirit in my heart. So, in truth I am Santa, you could be too. Can you understand that?”
Sherlock cups my face in his hands and bends down to meet me. Our kiss starts off soft and sweet and quickly progresses into something more as we open our mouths and wage war with one another’s tongues. I am melting under his touch. Sherlock pulls back, foreheads together, eyes locked and growls low “Mine” as I reply in like “Yours” before we start to kiss once again.
I gratefully relinquish my captive to NSY. As I stand up I realize I am a bit light headed and slide down the wall across from where we were struggling. Sherlock is instantly at my side “John! Are you alright?”
I look Sherlock in the eye, “I don’t think anything will get him away from his estate ever again. James hasn’t stepped foot out of it since…” I really don’t want to keep reminding Sherlock of my wedding to Mary while planning ours.
I head back to the kitchen and do a quick clean up. Empty jar to the recycling bin, used glass and spoon to the sink to wash later. I click off the light and head upstairs to see what Sherlock selected. When I enter, Sherlock is kneeling, naked, on the bed, head down, with the red rope in front of him. I lick my lips, “Such a clever gorgeous boy” I praise, close the door and hang my gown next to Sherlock’s.
I pick up Rosie who has been in her bouncy chair to get her ready for bed. Sherlock helps me to bathe her, playing with a rubber duck to make her laugh. As I dry, put a clean diaper and pajamas on her Sherlock goes down the hall. I’ve just put her into the crib and started humming a lullaby as he comes back in with his violin. He listens to what I’m humming a moment and picks up the tune. He gently sways as Rosie slowly closes her eyes and falls asleep. We each give her a quick kiss to her forehead and quietly leave, closing the door.
The guard is turning a deep crimson, pulling the lead tighter causing the blond man to gasp for air.
“You know, there is such a thing as fraternal twins. Multiple eggs being fertilized, can be same or different genders? Similar DNA but not identical…” John enlightens.
John is smiling, doing his best not to laugh, “Seriously? Okay, anything specific you want to learn how to make?” Excited, this is something they can do together.
Barrister Henri Daggett, not our client, but, I am his. Evidently, someone thought it would be a good idea to take me in front of a magistrate for assault (see blog post ‘Head Bangers’). I still experience side-effects from the injuries resulting from my two attackers, but memory loss was never one of them. My testimony and copies of the police files lawyer Daggett took before the Judge were enough for them to drop all charges.
While Sherlock puts Rosie to bed, Lestrade washes the dirty dishes in the sink and puts the two covered bowls holding what’s left of the curry and rice back in the refrigerator.
I look over at Rosie “Well, now what do we do? Greg won’t be here for another three hours… I know! We’ll go find disposable cameras for tomorrow.”
“Oh God yes!” I stop what I am doing and open my bedside drawer and bring out a condom and a bottle of lubricant.
Sherlock cringes, hangs up his coat and goes in the kitchen to fill the kettle and turn it on. He is still facing the counter.
“Well, apparently Benjamin Wolfe, the guy you gave the black eye to, is pressing assault charges against you.”
John can tell it is going to be a long, involved, highly detailed, oration. Not wanting to hear the lecture, yet again, “Okay, I get it, I know. But, you have to admit the DNA results show almost identical markers, clearly a very close relation.” Trying to be reasonable.
Lestrade frowns, “The second one looks familiar, I think I arrested her a couple months back for prostitution.” He grabs the catalogue and flips to her picture, “Yes, that’s her, Louisa Brooks. Looks like she was caught again, too bad. The three strikes rule is unfair, they don’t even put you before a Magistrate on the last arrest; guilty even if innocent.”
Following John into the kitchen, “It’s nothing I haven’t seen before dear. Sit, I’ll just go grab something for you to wear from the bedroom.” Flipping on the lights, she notices the mess when she enters the bedroom, bedside tables overturned, and slashed sheets with what looks like hole sliced into the mattress below. No problem, they can flip it tonight or use the other bedroom upstairs or even the spare bedroom she has downstairs. She grabs what she came in for before heading back down the hall.
He assesses his situation again while his mind is clearer. Hands are cuffed together in an interesting design, almost like a set of handcuffs set as a cast but in leather and metal. He tried to remove one by dislocating his thumb once but the cuff still wouldn’t slip off. The cuffs are in turn secured to a chain fastened to a metal ring in the rear wall. The chain gives him enough freedom to just reach the food and water bowls near the door on the opposite wall. Three of the walls are cement blocks, the front of the cell and the ceiling are set with cross bars set close enough to keep unwanted canine teeth from someone on the other side. He and his companion are in what looks like a high-end kennel run. He’s beginning to seriously consider the food is being tampered with, the kennel is full but abnormally quiet.
Before anyone else can say anything Mike replies, “I was summoned.” Holding up his cell phone again. “I am John Watson’s primary and will be taking over his care.” Holding out his hand for the chart she was writing on. “And you should be doing treatment updates on the computer, hospital policy” pointing a thumb at the computer mounted in the corner.
As their lips brush, Sherlock goes still. John pulls back, then leans in again. It takes a moment but Sherlock finally relaxes with a gasp. John darts his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. John swallows Sherlock’s moan as he presses closer, twining the fingers of his free hand in Sherlock’s curls at the back of his head.
“Um, yeah.” He reaches into the bottom of the box to pull out clothes pins; they are clipped neatly together in a V formation. He just holds them for a moment then puts them on the table. I’m a bit puzzled, aside from the rope he’s handed me everything else from the box.
I open one eye and ask incredulously “Are you kidding?” I look up at him “No, you’re not are you?” I sigh and start to twirl my thumb over one of his nipples, “You are the most clever, brilliant, gorgeous genius I have ever met! You’re sexy as fuck. I feel safe with you, I don’t with most people. You love my daughter as if she were your own, and soon she will be. You are special, one of a kind. I’m the fortunate one to have been able to catch your eye, you are out of my league. Need I go on?” As I nuzzle his neck.
Sherlock notices and steps closer to give John a quick kiss for a distraction. As he starts to pull back John cups the back of Sherlock’s neck to keep him there and deepens the kiss.
As I’m texting, Sherlock is slowly working his way around the flat, he’s found two mini cameras and a handful of microphones so far. He destroys the cameras outright but I write a note on my phone and show it to him:
Sherlock seems to know where he’s going and doesn’t need any additional directions from Kevin. We notice five more piles of cement pillars heading back. Kevin instructs Sherlock “just park out front for now.”
“Anyway, Doc Angele will be back in a few” Nurse Betty is snickering as she walks off with the blood samples.
“Breakfast. John has been teaching me how to cook. I decided to surprise him with scones this morning.” Tossing slices of butter in the processor.
Greg looks at him suspiciously again. Before he can start demanding answers again I pipe up “Where do you want me Greg? Let’s hurry it up, we need to pick up Rosie from Molly before she goes to work. That and I’d really like to get home again before my pain meds wear off.” I end up ordering.
Sherlock answers “We’ll be leaving the 22nd and be gone the entire month of October. We are going to spend a few days in New York then fly to California on the 27th."
He can’t do anything while avoiding being stabbed in the eye, Roberta keeps advancing. He can only hope John can break free somehow. John did punch Robert in the solar plexus, it didn’t do much other than anger the large man. Sherlock risks a glance at his lover to see him take a blow to the right temple leaving him a bit dazed. He can’t do anything to prevent John from being trussed to a pillar in the middle of the room. Roberta brings him back to himself when she claps Lestrade’s handcuffs over his wrists behind his back.
Sherlock comes with a shout, down my throat, I swallow what I can and lick off the remainder. I stroke myself three more times before coming. I collapse for a few moments using his inner thigh as a pillow before gently rolling him over to untie his wrists. I praise him as I do so, “beautiful, gorgeous boy, so sensitive to my touch” over and over, kissing his inner elbows and wrists as I free him. I remove the soiled pad, tossing it over the end of the bed, I’ll deal with it tomorrow.
“Three days, I was getting worried.”  Stepping back and flipping the light switch off, then closing the blinds on the window, cutting off the light of the setting sun.
“I know love, but she’s not as young as she used to be. We can’t expect her to be trudging up and down the stairs carrying heavy loads. It’s not good for her hip.”
Nodding, “I remember.” Thinks for a moment, “Teach me how to cook. All I really know how to do is scramble eggs and make toast.” Sherlock admits.
John is sitting in a kitchen chair with his head between his knees, hands clasped over the back of his head. When he sees her slipper clad feet in front of him, he mutters, “I should never have asked Sherlock what else could go wrong.” Sitting up and pointing into the lounge, “Do you know who he is? He kept ranting on about Sherlock being his plaything and that he wasn’t going to share him with anyone.”
A few minutes later Nurse Levi comes in with a syringe and a tube of ointment. She stops and takes in the vision of a sleeping John wrapped around Sherlock. “I hate to wake him, he looks so peaceful.” She states, putting her medications on the table so she can sanitize her hands and put on gloves. “Let’s see if I can do this without waking him up.” Wiggling her eyebrows toward Sherlock.
The following week, John threw Mycroft and his minions out of 221B when they tried to remove Sherlock’s belongings. He helped Mrs. Hudson change the locks to the building that very afternoon. The post that day contained a small brass Buddha from Tibet, John sat in his chair and rubbed its belly until he calmed down.
I gently place Rosie in the crib, covering her with the blanket she had in the car. We quietly move out to bring in the rest of our luggage.
Later, we’re sitting around in squishy chairs sipping cognac when Sherlock asks the room at large “So, how exactly did you two meet?”
As of now, the only one without an injury is the man with the beer gut but he’s staying well back from the action by the desk along the rear wall, hands up in supplication. Broken nose starts to rise only to be hit across the temple by the whip handle, knocking him unconscious. Neck guy is still gasping, trying to breathe. Leaving sore back guy and the one with a tender groin. Tender groin is starting to rise so John kicks the man in the chin, knocking him out cold.
“Now wait just a minute! Sebastian Moran has already signed the contract to Bond with Sherlock….” Mr Holmes begins.
I come, hard, into the back of his throat. It takes me a few minutes to come back to myself, he’s licking me clean again as I do. I reach down and run my fingers though his soft curls “Good boy, you make me feel so good.” He rolls back onto his heels and looks at me with a pleased grin. “Bedtime, we’ve had a long day.” I rise and walk on rubbery legs to the other side of the bed to get in. He’s still on the floor, his grin is gone. “You didn’t believe me when I said you were not going to get off tonight did you?” I ask, patting his side of the bed.
Sherlock reaches over to unclip the leash from his new slave, “That’s enough of that.” Then taking the blonds elbow to guide him off to a side alcove.
“Really? I didn’t know we had plans tonight. We have nothing in, I haven’t done the shopping.” As I head into the kitchen to ready a bottle for Rosie and heat water for tea. “Did we have plans tonight I forgot about?”
Sherlock looks at me bemused “John, you haven’t had a nightmare since we started sharing a bed at Baker Street. I’m not going to abandon you at a time like this!”
John can’t help but smile at the motherly way she’s treating Sherlock. He thanks her for the plate of what looks like chicken stew placed in front of him before asking, “So Sherlock, what is it that you do? Do you work for the government too?” before taking a bite.
While looking at the pictures on the mantle Sherlock spoke “The sister in law Shirley is diabetic and most likely the killer.” He’s almost always right.
No sooner than he stated that when the children started to loudly sing out ‘Good King Wenceslas’ off key.
“Yeah, he said he could show us how to upkeep the generator and where the water comes from just in case.” John reads the last from his computer. Mycroft sighs loudly again over the phone.
I feel my chin again, “Smoother, amazing! Thank you!” I’ve never felt so smooth before, I like it. “Shower time.” I rise and head over to turn on the water as Sherlock finishes putting away the shaving supplies. “Bring the key over when you’re done.” Sherlock quickly straightens himself upright from leaning over the sink. He grabs the key and hurries to my side, I can’t help the smile I have at his haste “Bit enthusiastic yeah?”
I can’t see where Sherlock hit the target but if Kevin’s reaction is any indication he’s hit the bullseye once again. Kevin gets Sherlock’s attention “Since you hit that one, try for one of the metal targets further up the hill. They are at 200 and 350-yards.”
Kevin is putting three large potatoes in the oven when we get inside. Sherlock and I opt to give Rosie her evening bath early as it’s still warm out, we can use the tub on the porch. We end up as we did at the Fairmont, Sherlock at one end, me at the other; both in our pants.
At the front of the procession, holding Sherlock’s, my husband’s hand in mine, I ask “Was that you playing on the CD? It was lovely.”
From the doorway “There is another dog pen up here, you bring the dogs up when you stay here?” Sherlock wonders.
“Yeah, I couldn’t abide bacon until recently. We’ve been kind of keeping with the diet though. Sherlock used to eat half my bacon before anyway, so nothing has changed that way. So far we’ve been sticking with mostly chicken and fish with a lot of vegetables and a variety of beans and tofu.” John sighs “I was surprised Sherlock went along with the diet change myself. Though he did steal the bacon and sausages when Mrs. Hudson insisted on cooking a full English the first few weeks. He was quick, don’t think she ever noticed. If she did she never said anything. We didn’t have the heart to tell her no, she means so well.”
They’d had a case through NSY that had kept them busy all week, so busy that Sherlock’s parents came and picked Rosie up to take back to Holmes Manor a few days prior as Mrs. Hudson was out of town and Molly had to go to work herself. Well, one of Mycroft’s people drove Sherlock’s parents up and back home along with the presents from under the tree at 221B. Violet and Siger were overjoyed and taking their role as Rosie’s grandparents very seriously. They had mentioned baking Christmas cookies with the seven year old girl before they were driven away.
“Yeah, Doctor Rosamond Watson-Holmes, professor of forensic pathology at St. Bart’s. Who would have guessed she would follow in both our footsteps?”
Kevin adds “Gear is in the room by the back door with the dog stuff, have fun” staring at his computer.
“Lestrade bet I could handle it better than you. You lost by the way. I was able to get you home and into bed. I should warn you, Greg took video of it. I think he likes it when you’re intoxicated.”
“If Sherlock will drive further up the hill we’ll drive by the spring and the place I store materials.” Kevin waves at a narrow track going up the mountain just past the cabin.
I glance around the table, all are awaiting my answer. Sherlock places his hand over mine on his leg and gives me a supportive squeeze. “Yeah, you could say that. Kevin was part of a unit that was able to rescue me and another soldier when we were captured by Afghan rebels.”
Lestrade notices these bills go straight into the cashiers’ pocket. He bumps Sherlock’s hip with a small duffle bag, “Clothes.” Leaning in, “They’re clean, you can keep them as long as you need.”
John laughs as he pulls Rosie out of the car seat and greets Sherlock’s mother, “Guess he’s got a point there. I never really thought much about the lyrics before; ‘I am the walrus, goo goo g’joob’.” Giving her a one armed hug, “Thank you for inviting us Mrs. Holmes. How are you?”
“No case. Got off early, been texting you to see if you were up to a pub night. You weren’t answering and I grew concerned when Sherlock didn’t reply either. Guess we’ll have to do a rain-check though if you’re not feeling up to it.” Greg steps closer as he is talking. “You want me to try massaging your neck and shoulders? Might help…” reaching out one hand and giving John’s right shoulder a squeeze.
John is glad he put on his best clothes that still fit when they left this morning and had his hair cut. The menu the waiter handed him didn’t have any prices on it and everything was in a foreign language. Clearing his throat, John whispers, “Um Sherlock?”
“I don’t know what you’re complaining about John, they didn’t exactly have an elf costume in my size!”
“You can use whatever word you like Sherlock.” I say softly putting a hand over his. He looks at me now. “It is after all, your safe word. It should be something you are comfortable with.” I smile at him. I am truly flattered he chose my last name. He places his other hand over mine and smiles back at me.
Sherlock says nothing but follows John’s every movement very intently. John can’t help but notice Sherlock’s cock becoming fuller as the exam progresses. As Sherlock becomes more aroused, John finds himself feeling just as hard. John checks Sherlock’s eyes (pupils dilated), ears, nose and throat, skin flushed. “Please stand, turn your head and cough.” John feels Sherlock’s cock fill out further as he cups Sherlock’s scrotum checking for a hernia. John checks everything he can think of before moving on to the prostate exam.
I shake my head ‘no’, I don’t know anything and Sherlock didn’t share. “Not going to say anything? Oh, I bet we can get you to talk.” Camorra gestures to a brute in the corner, “Carlyle, see if you can get the good Doctor to talk, eh?”
“I was an absent friend when you needed me. Mary took all of my free time dealing with baby chores; painting the nursery, putting the new furniture together, buying several sets of everything, OBGYN visits. I am indebted you went with us to hospital for Rosie’s birth, your company meant a lot to me. Even though you could not bother to pay attention at Rosie’s christening it was good that you remembered to come. I suspect Mrs. Hudson had a hand it that though.
Sherlock pulls John in for another hug, kissing his forehead before stating “You have had to put up with much worse in the past from me, how could I not?”
Open beer and remove @1/3, insert herbs through hole in the top of the can. Insert can into cavity of the chicken, use the can and legs to hold chicken upright in baking pan on the grill.
He hesitates a minute, letting the dogs lick his hands through the gate. “Yeah, just not used to people around much anymore. I’ve been more or less on my own for the last 18-months. Except for the dogs I’m all alone.”
Sherlock answers pointing at his side, “I am fine, John gave me 7 stitches. John has a cracked rib and a strained knee, you know about the shoulder surgery. Sure you don’t want to stay? I was going to order an assortment… should be enough for three.” Looking over at John, “You should take a shower, wash the oil off. I’ll change your bandage after.”
Stephon looks at me then back at Sherlock in disbelief. “Is this for a case? Surely you aren’t settling down!” he exclaims with a look of disdain.
Sherlock and John looked almost as exhausted as the agents. The FBI for not getting a solid night sleep what with being woken every 2-3 hours. A certain Consulting Detective was tired, but very happy, from having his body worshiped by his extremely grateful husband, late into the night.
So intent on not doing just that he misses most of what the minister in front of them has to say. Finally, he forces himself to pay attention as the priest pauses to take a breath before adding, “If anyone has any reason for these two people not to be married here today speak now or forever hold your peace.”
From the stage the auctioneer, with a large beer gut and rotting teeth, calls out “Going once, going twice. Sold to 25-1 for £575.00!” The gavel falls, “That’s it for today folks, our next sale is in a week.”
He gently rolls me onto my back and places a pillow under my hips and inserts a finger again. A few thrusts later another long sensuous finger joins the first. Sherlock starts scissoring his fingers opening me more and more. I can’t help but moan and pant needing more. “Please Sherlock, I need… more” all I seem to be able to do is moan and beg.
Halting the cup of tea he was about to take a sip from, John looks at Sherlock with a pleased look upon his face. “Of course Sherlock, whatever you want to know. I have no secrets from you, you’d probably deduce it if I tried to hide anything anyway.” Said with a grin. “I’ll want to know more about you too you know.”
Sherlock and I clean up the mess from breakfast. We are repacking Rosie’s nappy bag, adding a few extra essentials for a long day when Kevin comes back in the house. He wanders into the pantry and back, having grabbed a small cooler. He opens the refrigerator and grabs a few cold beers, a couple sodas and some deli meat. Before closing the lid he adds apples and a handful of paper napkins.
“I was grateful that the lieutenant was in the area that day, probably wouldn’t have made it out alive otherwise” Kevin adds, draining his drink.
“I find I must leave you for a time, I have some pressing matters I must attend to in person today. I will return later this evening with supper. Breakfast is on the table, scrambled eggs, toast and tea. If you need anything do not hesitate to text either myself or Anthea. The guards outside the door are at your disposal as well.” Mycroft picks up his laptop, the suitcase, with the dirty clothes now in it, and his umbrella. “Until later brother mine, John.”
I meant to have this finished earlier but life events have been distracting of late. I live in N California, USA, near the fires; had friends lose their homes. We’re housing dogs for evacuated and burned-out friends. Thought we lost the one friend for almost 2 weeks before we finally located her safe-and-sound. Bit of a stressed out mad house around here lately.
“J, John! Stop, stop please!” Sherlock howls out “I don’t want to come yet!” Body arching, hands fisting the sheets.
Meanwhile, Robert found a roll of electrical wire to secure John’s hands. John tried resisting being trussed up and is rewarded by being pistol whipped against his right temple for his troubles. While John is dazed, Robert tightly wraps the wire around one of John’s wrists before pulling his arm roughly behind him. Before he knows it, John’s hands are secured behind his back, uncomfortably hugging a narrow pillar backwards.
Sherlock shrugs a shoulder, flipping a page, “John has been in solitary confinement for most of the last three weeks. He didn’t want to be alone and I needed room to work.”
Lunch goes by without a hitch. Sherlock even eats a burger without a fuss. Kevin gives us the address to his property to type into the GPS, along with hand written map and instructions to find his house. Before we part he hands me a set of keys “I’m used to the road and usually drive it fast. Just in case we separate, the square headed brass key will open the gate lock. If you want to use the keypad the code is 7437.”
“Didn’t I read somewhere you died? Jumped off a building or something?” Kevin asks Sherlock innocently over our breakfast of scrambled eggs, toast and bacon.
The man with the bag had pulled out his camera. When John settles, he cheerfully calls out, “All right everyone, say ‘Seasons Greetings’.
John is on the verge of a panic attack, Sherlock can tell his breathing is changing, just starting to hyperventilate as Sherlock sits next to John, putting an arm over his shoulders and pulling John carefully into an embrace, mindful of his sore left shoulder. “Relax John” he murmurs into John’s ear, “breathe with me now. In… out.” Pulling John closer, Sherlock starts to caress the back of his neck, over his shoulder blades and back up his neck. Softly, whispering in John’s ear “Relax, keep breathing with me. In… out.”
Several days later… Sherlock took Rosie with him when he went out to run a few errands. A quick trip to Bart’s to return some no longer needed fingers but mainly a trip to the chemists to stock up on lube as they were running low. They were out of the flat for not quite two hours. Sherlock headed home when Rosie started fussing, getting tired and figured she would be more comfortable napping in her crib than strapped to his chest.
John, wild eyed, looks up at Sherlock, “Bloody hell Sherlock! I’m just peachy! Christ, I just tried to kill Greg!” Shouting, shaking.
I march my way up the hill. I come to a crossroads, bollocks. I make an arrow with fallen branches pointing in the direction I’ve taken. Sherlock should be able to follow that, I scuff my boots in a few places as well just to be sure. I really don’t want to walk all the way back to the house though it may take that long to calm the hell down.
“It’s nothing John, just a scratch, nothing to worry about.” Sherlock mutters, not meeting John’s eyes.
We have been eating scrambled eggs and toast for breakfast for a week, prepared by Sherlock. Sherlock also picked up on how I prefer my toasted cheese sandwich browned at lunch after the first day. Mrs. Hudson brought (well, had Sherlock schlep) a huge pot of chicken soup up the afternoon we came home from hospital. It was a bit of a welcome surprise this morning, to be woken by the smell of bacon frying while still having a warm body spooning me. Knowing the body behind me was Sherlock’s, I was wondering who Mrs. Hudson was talking to. I could clearly hear a male voice drifting down the hall with hers along with Rosie’s babbling.
“We had been, my mother, brother and I, having my aunt over every week or so for supper and inviting her on our trips since uncle Bob died. Kim has convinced my Aunt that we’ve all be stealing from her, when the only person stealing anything is Kim! My aunt won’t talk to us anymore or any of her friends. We can’t get Kim away from her. Calls and letters go unanswered. We’ve sent birthday and Christmas presents with no acknowledgement of receipt. My aunt always, always answered calls and letters and sent thank you cards for every gift.
“No, I keep a public blog and a private diary. I, um, think I even called out Sherlock’s name when I, ah, came that night too.”
Sherlock, “He’s having a bit of a lie in. I’m sure he’ll be out shortly.” Pulsing the processor several times then pouring in a milky liquid. Grabs the pan on the hob, then dumps the dough on the floured table. Greg watches as Sherlock divides and pats the dough into two circles about 2-centimeters thick.
Rosie falls asleep almost as soon as she lands in her crib. I grab the monitor and close the door to her room and the door across the entry hall. I wander into the sitting room where Sherlock is clicking through the channels on the TV. “I didn’t know there were this many cooking shows John. Look at this.” I glance at the channel guide he picked up and half the channels show someone cooking something. He clicks on Martha Bakes and starts to watch her bake crisps.
The man takes a step back, holding up his free left hand, keys clinking. “I’m not a slave! I am a free man, a Doctor, I’ve had a long day and I would just like to go home.” He pleads at officer Sanders. “It’ll take you less than five minutes to prove who I am.”
His left shoulder and head seem to continually ache. His back is sore, actually everywhere is sore, he vaguely remembers being hit with a riding crop the last time he was taken out to ‘play.’ There is something in his rectum, he suspects a plug of some sort; it’s been there almost every time he wakes. He’s lost a lot of weight, he can see his hip bones and feel his ribs with his free fingertips. The dog is almost as thin as he is.
The taxi ride to Regents Park is uneventful, we’re both in thought. I know I’m thinking about the lists. We decide to wander the Zoo, Rosie loves looking at the animals and I know Sherlock likes to lecture her about all of them. We meander through the Zoo until Rosie falls asleep then make our way across the park for lunch. We both enjoy fish & chips, Sherlock finishing my chips. Rosie is still asleep after the excitement of the zoo. We spend the time talking a bit about everything and nothing in particular.
