I swallowed hardly; knowing that I was a little too desperate for this date to be a successful one this time. Too desperate in wishing that it would work out. Too desperate in general. But I just needed a win.
By the time I came to a stop in front of the Rousseaus, I had already managed to calm down my thoughts and additionally push them to the back of my mind.
"Sorry," I wanted to say, but the words stuck in my throat as I turned and looked straight into Lisa's brown eyes.
The dark brown floor occasionally made a soft creaking sound when one of the waiters hurried across it. Magnificent chandeliers dangled from the ceiling, while paintings lined up on the dark red walls that looked a bit old-fashioned at first glance with their gilded frames. After looking at them for a while, however, they somehow seemed to fit in with the rest of the interior and with the mood of the restaurant as well.
After the hot shower, I dug through my messy closet looking for a flannel shirt that didn't look too rumpled.
For this reason, I decided to forgo using hairspray for once today and leave my hair in the tousled state it always was in after I took a shower.
"You're a jerk," the brown-haired one gave out. He tried to remain serious, but from the amused tone in his voice I could tell that he still found our games as funny as I did.
A glance at the clock told me that I should be leaving the house in the next few minutes to hit the Sylvain on time.
Halfway home, I decided to take a little detour through the French Quarter. Seeing the hustle and bustle, the countless lights and the great artists had a similar effect on me as music: I just felt comfortable. Secure. Almost as if I were safe; as if nothing could happen to me there.
With the hint of a smile, I shook my head and let the closet door slam shut with a thud when I finally found what I was looking for.
If Sam caught sight of this mess, the matter of the wooden bench I was using as a coat rack would probably be the least of his problems.
While we waited for our food, we started asking each other questions. Sometimes they were ones that would be in any small talk, but sometimes they were more complex ones that went into depth. So eventually we ended up talking not only about their failed marriage, which ended shortly after the birth of her son Ben, but also about my parents' car accident.
But before he could ask the stranger with the incredibly blue eyes for a dance, he suddenly had disappeared.
Although it was a good conversation, I noticed with each passing minute that something was missing. I wouldn’t have been able to explain what it was exactly, but deep down I felt it clearly.
"True," I said, pulling her into my arms for a brief moment. "It's good to see you," I added before we broke away from each other again.
In all likelihood, I would never have admitted it out loud, but my little brother was right; if I was that desperate to find my true love, I would probably never find it.
Fortunately, Lisa didn't seem to care that I had ordered an alcoholic beverage, as her eyes were already darting over the menu again.
The streets were flooded with countless people, all pursuing different goals. Some, like me, were heading in the direction of the French Quarter, but a lot were also heading out of town. Some of them carried bags from renowned clothing stores under their arms, while others sipped coffee or hot cocoa.
“I don’t want to just sleep around, Cas. I’ve done enough of that. With all the moving around I’ve done, one night stands were pretty much all I was allotted anyway. It’s cheap, and it’s temporary, and I want something more than that. Something real.”
“I am. It’s just that...well Charlie is walking with the band, and Crowley isn’t a student anymore - not that he would want to walk with us anyway. Meg is going to be out of town, and I’m afraid it’ll just be me out there by myself.”
“Sam’s with his date, and the others must’ve gotten held up at the lights or something,” Dean answered.
“That’s good to hear,” John took a plate from his son and dried it with a towel. “I’m still a bit rusty in the kitchen, but I was thinking of trying some kind of fish next time. Salmon maybe.”
“It’s probably for the best, Dean. I’m still a little flustered from earlier, and being human makes it harder to control certain urges. You keep talking like that, and I don’t know if I’ll be able to handle it,” Cas said rather innocently.
“I know it’s supposed to be enjoyable, but I just don’t see the appeal,” Cas shook his head. “It’s messy, it can be painful, and it’s honestly short-lived. I’d much rather spend my time cuddling and talking for hours, possibly with some light music in the background. You know, something light-hearted and sweet. I want us to just be present with each other.”
“Dean, if anything is to ruin my progress, it would be denying our relationship. I fought hard to get here, and I’m not turning back.”
Cas stared at him for a moment. Dean imagined the gears turning in his head as he considered the offer and possible ulterior motives (of which Dean had none...like he said, dances were cliche, and he totally wasn’t hoping to end up on the dance floor with Cas during a slow dance like in some chick flick that he would deny liking...obviously). He swallowed, the redness returning to his cheeks.
Dean glanced at Cas who seemed quite flustered. He, himself, was trying to remain composed, but Sam was right. He and Cas had always been fairly transparent. Noticing his brother’s discomfort, Sam burst out laughing.
Dean nodded. A yawn slowly crawled up his throat, and he decided that maybe Charlie was right-they should go. He gently poked Cas to wake him.
“There is something I need to tell you before we go inside,” Cas said, nervously, as Dean pulled into his driveway. “I've mentioned it before, but my brother, Gabriel...he can be a bit much. He doesn’t have a good sense of boundaries, and he loves to tease people. He’s a good guy, and I assure you he means no harm, but I want you to know that if you ever feel uncomfortable, you can tell me. I’ll get him to back off.”
“Anyway,” he continued, “You can wait here in the car, or you’re welcome to come up with us. Maybe stay for some hot chocolate before I take you home?”
“You’re more than enough!” Dean shook off Cas’s hand and proceeded to grab the boy’s face with both of his. “You shouldn’t say stuff like that about yourself.”
Cas yawned, but didn’t move. Actually, he shut his eyes again. Dean rolled his, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t amused by Cas’s behavior. Still, this was important, so it meant he would have to bring out the big guns.
“We both took some risks this week, laying it all out on the line. Vulnerability and all that,” Dean began. “First, you coming out to me, then us being honest with each other, and now me coming out. It’s been eventful to say the least. Almost like an entire drama series packed into a few days.”
By the time the bell rang, Dean had exerted so much mental effort towards remaining present that he was exhausted. It seemed in vain too considering anything he heard in class pretty much went out the door the second he locked eyes with Cas. He hoped he had the strength to handle whatever it was his friend wanted to say. He had seemed nervous earlier, but not somber like he had at the mall. That was a good sign, right? Maybe this attempt to “reopen the issue from Monday” meant Cas had changed his mind. Dean didn’t want to get too excited, but he was definitely feeling better about where the two of them stood.
Some domestic Dean/Cas moments. Some embarrassment for the boys. Crowley introduces a new problem for the group.
“I think your tongue slipped there, Dean. Either that or I’m hearing things,” his voice was still even.
“I’m great,” Dean replied, his suspicion apparent in his voice. “The more pressing question is what’s up with you? Why are you so tense?”
“Oh, well that’s cool, I guess. I’m not getting why you felt the need to hide that from me, though.”
Cas didn’t get a chance to answer. The guy in question was heading towards him, presumably looking for some kind of physical contact as a greeting, but he was left hanging.
“Understatement,” Dean, instead, mumbled. “First, I had the situation with my dad, then freaking out about impressing your family, and now we’re being attacked by a bunch of Karen’s,” he chuckled a little at how ridiculous that sounded.
“I guess,” Cas blushed. “But that’s not why I’m drawn to him. Dean is just so bright and full of love, and when I’m with him, I don’t feel like I have to pretend to be anybody that I’m not. He likes me for who I am.”
Nothing like a cutesy nickname to secure that blush Dean was looking for. He felt proud of himself. Cas set the pot down on a nearby table and moved forward to cup his face. They stood there for awhile, lost in each other’s eyes. Gosh, Cas’s seemed even brighter now. So beautiful. If it weren’t for his brother, Dean could have stayed like that for eternity.
“Yea, I’m on a mission, Sammy. I didn’t want Cas asking a bunch of questions. You know how he is when I go out alone.”
“You shouldn’t have to thank me for decency. It’s not my business one way or the other who you go for. That’s your thing and my job is to support. Simple as that.”
“No, that’s alright. I prefer it this way.  I’m really not comfortable undressing in front of others.”
“Enough for food. Nothing fancy, but it’s good for basic groceries. And I guess we don’t need gas money because the Impala is off limits now,” Dean groaned, “We should be ok. If we do end up needing anything else, I have some money saved up from my last job that we can use.”
“I mean, we move a lot, so it wasn’t anything I hadn’t been through before. Mainly Cas has been supporting me through figuring out some identity stuff.”
There he goes. Protective brother mode activated. Dean rolled his eyes, although he couldn’t be too mad considering he would probably do the same thing if the roles were reversed. Sighing, he patted Sam’s shoulder.
Wow, it has been a long time since I last posted. I didn’t mean for such a long gap between chapters, but some stuff came up, and my mind has been all over the place. Anyway, I’m working on chapter 5 right now and should have that up soon too.
The boy cocked his head. Obviously, it was possible. He was God, afterall. However, there was something more to this inquiry that he couldn’t quite figure out.
“Jack flipped Cas’s angel switch for the day so that he could enjoy some human pleasures,” Dean smiled and gave his partner a quick peck on the cheek.
"Oh, because that wouldn't be suspicious at all. He thinks I'm at the dog park, remember? Besides, who just calls someone and asks how big their fingers are? That would sound insane."
“I’ve had my suspicions for awhile. I didn’t want to say anything, though, because I didn’t want to cross any boundaries and upset you. I was hoping you’d come and tell me yourself.”
“Jack,” Cas stood up and held out his arms to embrace his son. “What are you doing here? Is something going on in heaven?”
“No, leave him be. He’ll come to you in his own time. The only reason I mention it is because I think we need to be more mindful when talking to him about this stuff. As for Dean, based on what Cas has told me, he’s a good kid. He’s not going to do anything untoward. Besides, he said they already discussed it.”
“Yeah,” Dean hesitated, though he wasn’t sure why since Bobby had already been accepting of the whole thing. “That’s him.”
“I want to though. Plus, it wouldn’t be that much of a risk. My dad sure as hell isn’t going to come near a school parade, and Sammy...well, it’s been two months now, and I think it’s time I said something.”
“You kids look like you’ve never seen a home-cooked meal before,” he dipped a rubber spoon into what appeared to be an alfredo sauce and tasted it. “Mmm, this used to be your mom’s favorite, you know? I used to make fettuccine all the time before you kids were born. I think I only made it once or twice when you were little, Dean. Couldn’t get you to eat the broccoli for the life of me,” he chuckled as he stirred. “Hey, why don’t you boys work on getting that dough rolled out and cut into noodles?”
“Like I said, we couldn’t come to an agreement. Her request was unreasonable. I have no plans to cut Pride Alliance, son. You can relax.”
“Alright, well, knock ‘em dead, kiddo,” Dean ruffled his brother’s hair which he knew Sam hated, but the boy smiled nonetheless. “I’ll meet you by the front steps when you’re done. I should be finishing up around the same time,” he looked to Cas for confirmation, and he nodded.
“Right, well you two move along then,” Cas pressed his lips gently to Dean’s hand. “I’ll meet you in the theater room.”
After discussing the engagement for awhile, Cas left Jack to his Cookie Crisps so he could go check on Dean. He expected to find his partner in the same position he left him in, but he was surprised to find him wide awake and sitting upright. He caught sight of Cas in the doorway and smiled.
Castiel’s expression switched from regret to something that Dean could only describe as a “you are the embodiment of annoyance” look. He didn’t take offense, though, because there was an apparent flush in the other boy’s cheeks. Feeling a little proud of himself for flustering him, Dean gave him a big, stupid grin. Here again with the flirting. It was like he couldn’t turn it off. Was that normal for friendly exchanges? Deep down, he knew it wasn’t. Yet, here he was, and he was enjoying it immensely. The grin didn’t cease until Cas finally conceded.
The angel opened the cabinet on the farside of the room which housed protein powder, trail mixes, rice cakes, and other assorted health foods. He smiled when he spotted a cartoon wolf peeking out from behind two containers of oatmeal. Of course Sam would choose the one place Jack wouldn’t touch with a ten foot pole to hide his beloved snack.
“Slow down, babe. You’re human, remember? It’s easier to get drunk,” Dean laughed. “And you got a little something right there,” he unrolled Cas’s silverware and handed him the napkin to wipe his face.
“I will not apologize for appreciating art,” Dean smirked and then proceeded to kiss the top of Cas’s head. “It’s the finer things in life.”
“It’s been about a year since I’ve had words to put to my feelings. I generally keep it to myself unless I’m interested in someone, although I have mentioned it to Charlie once or twice to keep her from setting me up with guys who I think wouldn’t be accepting or with anyone who I don’t think would be able to make things work with me. She’s ever the optimist, so sometimes it’s a wasted effort.”
“No. Those texts were actually sent to a boy named Sebastian who was straight. That made some of the more flirty messages more awkward for me, but he just laughed it off. He’s a good friend, and we still hang out when he’s in town from college,” Cas explained. “Elijah, he...he never took Gabe’s teasing so lightly. It freaked him out because neither of us had explicitly told Gabriel that Elijah was gay. He just guessed. Elijah wasn’t ready to come out, and if Gabriel had suspicions, he figured others must too. His parents wouldn’t have cared, but Elijah was on the soccer team and terrified of his buddies finding out. Now, you know how highschool students are about gossip. They’d spread rumors, and he’d be taunted. He couldn’t handle that. He decided to lie low for awhile and avoid drawing attention. This meant paying more mind to his appearance and behavior and also that we couldn’t be around each other as much in public. When I asked what the reasoning was, he said I was a liability. I guess he had developed a crush on me, and being together made it too difficult to mask those feelings. We haven’t so much as spoken to one another in over a year because even though I understand where he was coming from, I actually really liked him too. Maybe not romantically, but he was still special to me. In the end, though, he broke my heart,” his lip trembled a little, and Dean could’ve sworn he saw Cas blink away some tears.
“The world is a stage, darling,” he said with a smirk. “But for your information, yes. I just got it changed legally.”
As the impala neared his family’s apartment later that day, Dean felt his hands becoming clammy and his heart beating rapidly in his chest. It wasn’t like he hadn’t expected to be nervous- that was just a given with something like this- but it was a lot worse in the moment than he could’ve imagined. In fact, he felt like he was on the verge of panicking. Maybe he should just call it off. Yeah, he could just keep on as he was, and if Sammy ever became suspicious or he saw Dean with the Pride Alliance, he could just say that he was an ally. He’s just being a good friend because Cas is gay. Sam wouldn’t have a problem with Dean having queer friends. It didn’t mean anything about his own sexuality. Of course, that would just mean more lying, and like he had revealed earlier, he was sick of maintaining this false narrative. It was suffocating. But what if Sam rejected him? He was usually a pretty laid back and accepting guy, but stuff changes when family is involved. Dean could handle any rumors or stares at school if he was “out”, but Sam was his brother, and his acceptance was critical. Without it, Dean wasn’t sure if he’d be able to cope, especially if (god forbid) they ended up moving again. Sighing, he remembered what Castiel had said about taking control and how this was supposed to be empowering. No matter what Sam said, it wouldn’t change Dean’s truth, so he had to make peace with whatever outcome. Easier said than done…
“Hey Dean?” he heard Sam’s voice on the other side of the door. “Are you ok? You’ve been in there awhile.”
Dean thought about this for a moment. Of his previous schools, none had a group like that. In most of them, a person would get the crap kicked out of them for being queer, not be celebrated for it. Not to mention, his dad was a bit of a bigot, so Dean had seen and heard his fair share of homophobia around the house and in the neighborhood. Some of it was even directed at him which is why this Pride Alliance concept was both puzzling and intriguing. When Dean was growing up, he had gotten in trouble a few times for being too close to his male friends. On one occasion he was even told he needed to terminate a friendship because he was caught snuggling with another boy during a sleepover. At the time, Dean didn’t understand the significance of it because it was cold, and cuddling ensured that they would keep warm. It was innocent, didn’t mean anything. So what if Dean felt butterflies in his stomach the entire time? That didn’t mean he was gay. John thought differently, though.
“I got the night on my side and I'm wanted” he pointed to Cas, obviously wanting him to actually join in, but the other boy shook his head “Come on, man,” he urged, “Dead or alive. And I ride.”
“I couldn’t ask you to do that,” Cas shook his head. “It wouldn’t be right to put you at risk like that since you’re not out publicly,” he continued scratching words onto the form.
“I was trying to process it. It’s not like I have a ton of guys lining up to kiss me,” he sighed again. “Dean was so patient at first, but it was driving him nuts, so he finally confronted me about it today.”
“Don’t you dare call him that,” Dean snapped back. “This is between you and me. Cas is my friend, and he’s got nothing to do with anything, so keep him out of it.”
“Have a secret boyfriend. Not that it would justify stealing your phone, but you know...curiosity,” Dean chuckled a little, and Cas glared at him.
Michael chewed his lip, contemplating whether he should just ignore the urge to check on them and trust everything was fine like Gabriel said or succumb to paranoia. As much as he hated it, the overprotective brother instinct was still too strong. Sighing, he peaked inside.
“It’s nice to meet you both,” Eileen said with a smile. “Where’s the rest of your group? Sam said you met up with some friends for dinner.”
He wanted to add that Cas too was beautiful, but for his own sanity, he kept it to himself. Fuck, he was so far gone on this boy.
“Sounds perfect,” Cas gave him a warm smile. “Well, you heard Gabriel. Breakfast will be ready soon,” he released his boyfriend and proceeded to grab the pile of clothes he had set out before going to bed. “I’ll give you two some privacy. I’ll just be down the hall,” he headed towards the door so he could go back to the bathroom to change, but Dean caught his arm.
“Great, that means he’s going to be hanging over my shoulder, giving me tips for how to pick up the hottest girls. As if I wasn’t already uncomfortable,” Dean groaned.
He turned back towards the mirror and evaluated his outfit one more time since the tie was no longer tilted to the right. A smile tugged at his lips. It was strange really because even though he had modeled this suit at the mall, something about it felt different now. Before, he thought he appeared stupid. Now, he actually thought he looked nice. Handsome. Put together. Respectable. Cas would like it.
With Dean gone for more than forty minutes and with no update, Charlie did finally go looking for them. What she found was the two of them back on the bench, Cas with his head on Dean’s shoulder and dozing. It turned out that after their dance (and the kissing which Dean left out of the story for the time being), Cas had been feeling a bit drained from the excitement, so they sat down, and he had fallen asleep. Charlie made a face like one might make when they see a cute puppy, and Dean rolled his eyes.
The man seemed genuinely interested, excited even, which made Dean’s stomach feel like it was twisted into knots.
The woman poured them each a glass and took their orders. Dean watched as Cas took a sip, swirled it around in his mouth, and then proceeded to gulp down the rest of his glass, leaving him with a purple wine mustache.
The game lasted for awhile, and Dean had to admit that he was slowly becoming less invested. The drama got old quickly, and he was wishing that somebody would win so they could move on. As much as he enjoyed the little scrunch of Cas’s nose when he was in thought over what strategy to utilize, he’d much rather be spending his time in bed like before. By the time they finished though, it was getting late, and Cas didn’t feel like watching another movie. Rather, he thought it best for them to turn in since they had school in the morning. That was disappointing, but Dean knew he was right. It had been a pretty stressful few days, and they needed rest if they were going to be able to withstand Mr. Wick’s history lesson. However, that didn’t mean that they had to do so separately. Cas happily accepted the offer to climb in next to Dean, and they fell asleep spooning.
The next morning at the Novak’s. Dean and Cas share some cute moments; Dean joins Cas at his youth group.
“He never was. Whether or not we all understood, none of us ever turned him away. He didn’t lose us.”
“I mean it, Dean,” Cas continued. “In all my years of existence, I’ve never come across anyone or anything as beautiful as you.”
“And that isn’t appropriate for Valentine’s Day?” Jack tilted his head out of genuine curiosity rather than judgment.
“I think what Dean means is, it’s great for the stage, but you didn’t have to go this far out for a school event,” Cas said.
Cas nodded, still not entirely convinced. Nevertheless, Dean grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the ramp that led to the cafeteria. Inside, Sam was waiting at one of the tables, his earbuds in, so he didn’t notice them immediately. Dean waved a hand in front of his face.
“Look, I’m not mad. Actually, it felt kind of nice, and I was honestly a little upset when you pulled away.”
“I mean, technically my dad’s, but yeah. She’s a beauty, isn’t she? 1967 Chevrolet Impala. Restored in part by yours truly,” Dean grinned, proudly.
“I don’t know. You seemed pretty engaged in that conversation with the DJ a moment ago,” Cas noted, glancing over at the boy who had put his earphones back on to focus on the music (or perhaps just to drown out nearby discussions).
“Nice,” Dean glanced at the sandwiches again, his stomach gurgling, and he thought back to how little cash he had left for his and Sam’s dinner that night. “Hey, Cas?”
“So, listen Sammy,” he began, “I’ve been thinking about this a lot. It’s something I’ve actually been wrestling with for awhile, but it’s become more of an issue since we moved here.”
Dean glanced at his watch. Classes wouldn’t start for another twenty minutes, and he assumed they could spare a few moments to look around. Besides, maybe they had a club or something for people who liked cars. Dean had always wanted to be a mechanic, and Sam had mentioned something about the school having an auto shop at some point.
“I don’t know yet. Just come on,” Dean grumbled as he exited the Impala and headed towards the building, Sam rushing to keep up.
Dean had no words. If he was understanding this correctly, then the boy had purposely created an intimate situation between the two of them like some sort of kiddie matchmaker. He wasn’t sure if he should be impressed or if he should feel violated. Either way, he couldn’t shake Jack’s words for the rest of the day, and every time he thought of the implications of such comments, his heart fluttered. Fuck, he really was falling for Castiel. Or maybe he already did.
“You’ll get them next time,” Dean smiled at him. “I say ‘you’ because I wasn’t much help. It was basically two against one.”
“That’s great news!” Gabe’s eyes lit up. “About time too. From what you’ve told me about him, it’s almost nauseating how sweet you guys are together. He’s perfect for you.”
Dean wanted to flip him off when he whistled at them, but he wasn’t going to let his baby brother’s antics ruin this for him.
He held up their hands and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s knuckles. He giggled at his boyfriend’s pink cheeks.
“Hardly. Look, I’m happy to help out with Miracle and with whatever else you may need, but be straight with me here,” Sam motioned for his brother to sit down on the couch, “What’s going on?”
I apologize for responding at such a late hour. I expect you are fast asleep by now given how emotionally draining tonight’s event must’ve been, but hopefully this message finds you well and rested in the morning. I just wanted to let you know that I am proud of you for taking this step. I know you may not think it counts for much since Sam already knew, but coming out in any circumstance should be commemorated. If you aren’t doing anything after Pride Alliance on Friday, I’d like to take you out for ice cream as a way of honoring your bravery.
“What is it, Sam?” Cas inquired, politely, while shoving Dean a little to indicate disapproval of his rude responses; Dean grumbled something, but it was too muffled to hear.
Dean slipped his hand into Cas’s, and they followed. On the way towards the door, Cas made sure to grab his honeypot with his free hand. He held it to his chest as they walked. Once they reached the door to the Pride Alliance meeting area, Dean paused and glanced down at their hands.
“He’s had a hold on me since day one so if you think you can turn me away from him now, you’re wasting your time. This is what’s happening, and you can’t do shit about it. Got it?”
“Yeah, I mean, women are hot. The sex is good. However, sometimes I feel attracted to some of my guy friends. Not even sexually per say, but there’s a connection there that doesn’t feel normal. I wouldn’t be opposed to having sex with a guy, but I have never even kissed one, so who knows.”
“Technically it’s an overcoat. And this is more comfortable” he snuggled into the robe, “As for my hair, I suppose it’s worse when I actually sleep. Most of the time, it’s just a little messy from lying my head on the pillow,” the angel scratched his head as he walked further into the room.
“If it was no big deal, then you wouldn’t be sitting here looking like you are preparing to enter into battle.”
Dean nodded, relieved that his brother was so patient with him but also feeling a bit guilty since he really shouldn’t take out his problems on Sam.
“Really? What about you and Eileen? Shouldn’t you be focused on doing something for your girlfriend?”
“Hey man, I like it too. It’s nice, but something tells me Michael will not take too kindly to finding us like this.”
“Huh?” he blinked a few times. “Oh...um, no we didn’t. Most were pretty rough places anyway. Probably wouldn’t have gone over well.”
A message ribbon spread across the home screen of Dean’s phone as he and Cas climbed into the Impala after the meeting. It was from Bobby. Apparently, his arrival would be delayed as his plane was ordered to land after the pilot reported some abnormalities with the control system (‘big surprise’, Dean had thought). He wasn’t sure when it would be back up and running or if he’d have to catch a different flight, so he wanted to let the boys know that they may need to secure accommodations for another night.
“Dean, we are in high school. Everyone’s hormones are running wild, and the only thing that seems to be on anybody’s mind when they are pursuing a relationship is the physicality of it, specifically the potential for intercourse.”
“I’m scared, Gabe,” tears began to well in Cas’s eyes. “I don’t want to ruin our friendship if things don’t work out.”
“Absolutely not,” Charlie cut in. “We don’t need you distracting everybody. This is supposed to be publicity for the club and local resources. You can hand out fliers.”
“Open it,” Jack grinned proudly as his father figure unfolded the page to reveal a drawing of Cas, Sam, Dean, and himself.
“I’ve known the guy for years, and yeah. He doesn’t smile like that often, so whatever you are doing, keep doing it.”
“Foremost, I wanted to apologize for running off on you earlier this week. I wasn’t thinking,” Cas said sincerely. “I was spiraling, and it wasn’t until I was in the car that I realized how that must’ve looked.”
“Yeah, he’s certainly the brainy one in the family. But I’m the hot one, so it’s fine,” Dean laughed until Sam elbowed him in the ribs- worth it.
“I mean it. You have to swear that you won’t even tell Eileen,” some of his panic was trickling into his voice.
While waiting for Claire’s return, Charlie turned on some music on her phone and began to sing along. Her rendition of “Walking on Sunshine” was commendable, but Dean found his attention drifting towards Cas who seemed to be debating with Crowley over something. He couldn’t quite make out what they were saying, but it didn’t matter since he wasn’t really interested anyway. He was too focused on the cute little wrinkles that formed on Cas’s forehead whenever he got frustrated. At one point Cas must’ve caught him staring because he issued a small wave. Butterflies filled Dean’s stomach, and he looked away.
“Ok, ok....just stop looking at me like that,” Dean sat down on the cushion farthest from Sam, “If you must know, I’m going to the jewelers.”
“Anyway,” Gabe turned back to his brother. “As I was saying, I’ll be heading out in a bit. I’ve left some money on the table for pizza. Raphael has his late class, so he won’t be home until nine probably. Michael is spending the night at his girlfriend’s place, but Hannah will be here to help with Jack. He’s napping right now, but I’m sure he’ll be up soon.”
“Right, ok. Dean, this is Fer…” Cas bit his tongue, “Sorry, Crowley Macleod. He's one of the original members of Pride Alliance, and his mother teaches Chemistry here at the school. Crowley, this is Dean Winchester.”
"Yes, thank you, Cas, for the gender studies lesson," Crowley rolled his eyes. "Anyway, like I said, you will have to look me up and come see me sometime."
“Ok, now put your left hand above my waist. I’m going to put a hand on your shoulder. And then we just hold each other’s free hands out to the side a little bit like this,” he helped position Dean.
“How did you even manage to start that conversation? It’s not like people can just barge into a room shouting “hey, I’m bisexual”, and that’s it. There’s gotta be some buildup, right? And how can you make it so it’s not so awkward? Just thinking about Sam and I talking about this has my stomach in knots.”
“Wow, hold up... is he trying to pressure you into having sex?” Gabriel’s tone suddenly switched to protective brother mode.
That fuzzy feeling became stronger. His whole body was tingling as he gently ran a hand over Cas’s back. He reveled in the intimacy of the action for a few moments before his eyes happened to fall upon the clock on the nightstand. 8 o’clock! It was a weekend, but surely Cas’s family would be up soon, and here the two of them were in bed together. Fully-clothed, mind you, but still in an awkward position since they promised to remain apart during the night. It’s not like Dean had intended for that to happen. It just kinda did. Sighing, he nudged Cas. The boy groaned.
“All I’m saying is that I remember what it was like to be a teenager, and it can be difficult sometimes to navigate certain urges.”
“You see, I’ve always been a bit insecure about the way I look and act. I want people to like me, and that leads me to put on these performances. I hide some of the more sensitive aspects of my personality and glorify my masculinity because that is what I’ve been taught is ideal. It’s not though. It’s actually kind of toxic, and I don’t like being that person. The real me is nothing like the me that I allow people to see, and it’s terrifying to think about how people would react to truth, but I’m tired of hiding. It’s time I let the real Dean come forward. Be authentic for once.”
“Nah, that’s ok. I’ll tell you what. I’ll order it, and then maybe I’ll let you try some,” he winked, “What about the lobster tail, huh? That’s fancy.”
“I mean yeah, but just because we’re both into dudes, it doesn’t mean...” Dean rubbed his neck, instantly regretting this conversation. “It doesn’t mean we need to be hooking up,” his face was a deep red now. “And you know, I’m not sure if I’m ready to even have that kind of relationship with someone right now. There’s a lot I need to figure out first.”
“They’re unnaturally cheerful. It’s disturbing,” Sam tried to defend himself. “Plus, they are loud and up in your face.”
“Yeah, but your first sip is a special occasion in itself. It’s like a right of passage. I think that should count.”
Realization started to fall over Sam’s face. Even though it was only the two of them in the house, he lowered his voice to a whisper.
“It’s not just your appearance, you know. It’s your soul. Pure, loving, despite everything you’ve been through. Every time I look at you, I am reminded of how lucky I am to have you in my life. What I ever did to deserve your love, I will never know.”
Dean could feel the moisture where Cas’s tears were dripping onto his skin. He patted the boy’s back, and Cas snuggled closer.
“Cas knows that one of my biggest insecurities is being closeted at home, and he also knows that remaining that way would lead to a messy and inconsistent relationship. If I remove that barrier, I can commit to him fully, thus giving him what he deserves.”
When Cas arrived, everyone had already picked out at least one outfit to try on, and Charlie even had some stuff laid out for him which he appreciated, considering fashion was never his area of expertise. He found them all waiting outside the fitting rooms, arguing who should go in first. Charlie insisted that they take turns so everyone could witness the reveal and give their opinion on the size, shape, color, etc. like judges in a fashion show. It’s a good thing Dean didn’t have any homework that afternoon because he had a feeling this was going to be awhile. Sighing, he plopped himself down in a nearby chair and waited for a consensus to be reached. After a rousing game of rock-paper-scissors, Claire came out the winner. She smiled, proudly, and disappeared into the dressing room with some black dress pants, a white shirt and black bow tie, some heels, and a black and white suit jacket.
Sam, having realized that something was going on up in the front seat, removed an earbud and asked about the issue. Dean waved him off.
“Yeah, as in it’s my business, and it doesn’t concern you,” the statement came out harsher than Dean intended, but he had a lot on his mind. “Just don’t worry about it, ok?”
Dean rubbed his eyes which were dry from staring at the screen for so long. Blinking a few times, he shut the computer and set it on the nightstand. That was the moment Sam decided to enter the room.
Cas gingerly took the gift from his friend and held it up to his face so he could see it better. His eyes flicked back and forth between the pot and Dean.
“Really, Dean. Come on,” Sam gave him his signature look of concern which irked Dean (he hated how Sam could never leave “good enough” alone).
Following Claire, they went down the line with Charlie next, then Kaia, then Sam. Crowley ended up putting his outfit choice back on the rack because he decided he would rather go the untraditional route and wear something from his personal collection. Apparently he had been working on customizing some suits for his show, and he wanted to test one out and see what response it got. That should be interesting, Dean had thought. During this time, Charlie continued blasting her playlist and nearly got them in trouble with one of the store clerks for disrupting the shopping experience for others. That was kind of an odd reason since they were the only ones in the store on a Monday afternoon, but most likely the guy just didn’t like the songs. Pouting, Charlie turned the volume down.
“This is ridiculous. You’re ridiculous. We’re leaving,” Crowley jumped to his feet and headed for the door.
“I didn't take it,” he looked nearly insulted. “I just told him we needed something to wear for the dance this weekend, and he was eager to help.”
“Alright then,” Dean sighed, “Well, the silence is getting kinda awkward, so let’s talk. Are you excited for tonight?”
After Charlie was finished teasing Cas, she opened the floor for questions, but everyone was already preoccupied by their own side conversations. She shrugged. Meanwhile, Dean was flipping through one of the brochures that Cas had handed out at the beginning of the meeting. It was for the LGBT resource center in town which he had said the club sometimes volunteered at. It was also a great place to go if a person was struggling with their identity because they had trained professionals available to talk to and a support group specifically for questioning individuals. When Cas handed it to him, he patted his leg, supportively, so obviously he thought Dean might find answers there. However, Dean wasn’t sure if he felt comfortable going to such a place right away and certainly not alone, but it seemed intriguing, so he figured he’d keep it somewhere safe for future use. As he stuffed it into his backpack, he felt a hand on his shoulder. Looking up, he was expecting Cas, but it was Charlie. Cas was actually now a few seats down, talking to his neighbor.
The crisp fall air bit at Dean’s heels as he made his way around the building. Cas saw him first and waived. Dean wrapped his jacket tighter around his torso.
“I guess that’s fair. But then again, I’m kinda biased since I’m the big brother. I look out for Sammy even if it costs him some of his dignity.”
“Fine,” Charlie rolled her eyes. “Kaia and Claire will do fliers. Why don’t you take the banner with Balthazar? I was going to have Cas and Dean carry it, but I think they’d rather hold on to each other,” she smiled at the two of them.
“Yeah, it’s a nice way to unwind and have some fun after a week of scraping gum and sweeping floors at the middle school. Of course, janitorial work does lead to interesting material sometimes,” Gabe laughed. “I tell ya, preteens are disgusting.”
“Oh, um,” Dean cleared his throat, awkwardly, “I’m fine. I was just waiting for my brother, and I guess I spaced out. Sorry for blocking your stuff.”
Dean pondered this, but seeing how he had already exhausted himself emotionally, he didn’t feel like facing any more of his feelings. Masking was so much simpler, and it helped prevent him from a total meltdown. He could feel the volcano inside about to blow, so he needed to take preventative measures
“I said I’d think about it,” he didn’t intend to be flirty, but Dean found himself, almost by instinct, winking at Castiel as he spoke.
“Yeah, well I must since Sam knew and my dad…” Dean’s voice trailed off, and Cas patted his shoulder.
“Where did you...nevermind. Listen, do you think you could keep Cas busy for awhile longer? I’m sorta working with Sam and Eileen on something to surprise him, and I could use some more time.”
“How long do you think Dad will be gone this time?” he spoke plainly, barely any emotion detectable in his voice.
Dean wasn’t sure who Elijah was, but the mentioning of him had Gabriel shutting up really quick. He made a note to ask Cas about that later. Maybe not right that second because if they were in a cartoon, his friend would have smoke coming out of his ears. He was still blushing though.
John nodded. Dean bit his lip. This wasn’t a total lie since he and Cas were going as part of Pride Alliance, but it also wasn’t the truth that he had promised his boyfriend he would tell. He could just come right out and say it, but this was a rare occasion to spend time with his father and Sammy without all the drama. Was it so bad to want to enjoy that for awhile before he tore a hole in his relationship with his dad? Perhaps he could plant a seed and elaborate later. After dinner they could go tinker with the Impala or something. Dean had noticed a weird rattling noise as of late. They’d have to drive to their friend Bobby’s salvage yard for that though because they didn’t have the space available without a personal garage. It wasn’t far from there, probably forty-five minutes, but it was already getting late, and his dad probably wouldn’t want to go out that night. He’d wait till morning. Dean wasn’t sure if he’d last that long without breaking. Damn….ok, he didn’t want to do this in front of Sammy, so maybe they could have a movie night, and Sam could pretend to go to bed early? He probably wouldn’t want to watch Tombstone anyway which was their dad’s go-to. That might work. He needed a segue though. Quickly, while his dad was occupied cooking the chicken, he whipped out his phone and typed a message to Sam, explaining his plan. Sam winked to show he understood.
“All right, we’re just going to take a little walk downstairs to the car, and have a nice chat,” Dean said, grabbing Tony’s jacket and draping it over his hands to hide the bindings.
Dean really was growing to like her. He’d have to look into tracking down his version of her when he got back.
“Get ready,” Dean said softly, heading to the inner door. He frowned when the doorknob resisted turning and then it clicked and clicked again.
Dean shrugged, because he didn’t have any more proof to provide them. Maybe Adam hadn’t disbelieved him before, but he hadn’t exactly believed him either.
“Kronos I can deal with, but when you tracked me down, you didn’t just lead him to me, the angels followed as well. And they can be annoyingly persistent.”
Lindsey frowned as he pulled the list of names Dean remembered Adam using closer to him. He tapped one of the names.
“I don’t know about anyone else, but I could use a drink.” Tony pushed his chair back and stood with a sigh. “Anyone else interested?”
“Brother?” Lindsey said in a low voice. Dean shook his head. There was no way he was going to try to explain Adam and Kronos, not even when the version of them he knew sort of made sense.
“Castiel’s in Detroit.” Tessa glanced at Charlie before dismissing her and looking back at Dean. “Bartholomew is trying to organise the angels.”
Dean stared at him a moment, considering that, before deciding he didn’t want to know what that meant. There was already enough that he was trying to process.
“Well lets see if I can work a little magic,” Charlie said, cracking her knuckles before she got down to work.
“I couldn’t find out where Aaron Hotchner was these days, looks like he might be under federal protection, but you should track him down,” Dean told Tony.
“Brother,” Adam said, voice deceptively light as he shoved his hands into his pockets where Dean knew he kept a gun. He was so similar to how Dean remembered him, especially at the beginning. Wary and prickly despite his appearance of openness and ease. When his secrets had secrets and most of them were likely to get someone killed. Their trust in each other had been hard won and all the more unshakeable for it.
“I have been healing your brother. There was extensive damage after the trials and he would not have survived without intervention.”
“He only thinks he doesn’t want to be found. He doesn’t know who’s looking for him yet,” Dean told him. Sam raised his eyebrows, looking at Dean sidelong.
“I would, I really would,” Dean said, edging a little further. “But I know what you can do, who you can be.”
“And what’s that?” Tony asked and clearly it had been the wrong thing to say because Tony had withdrawn again, his jaw firming and his eyes narrowing.
Dean readied himself to lunge at her again when Lindsey got there first. He pushed her against the wall, holding her there with the strength of his sigils. In one hand, he had an angel blade, in the other what looked to be a jar.
They shook hands, a much better way of sealing the deal than Crowley’s, at least as far as Dean was concerned. And he had most of the team back together.
A quick look through the doorway showed that the movie star and sweater man had joined a man covered in Enochian tattoos who was pouring coffee with a scowl fixed firmly on his face. It didn’t seem like he was a morning person. Sam, Charlie and Kevin sat around the table, nursing their own mugs.
So I'm thinking of doing a 5 times for the alternate universe team. Let me know if there's any scenes you want to see.
“What exactly are you expecting here?” Sam asked and Dean ignored him again because he really hadn’t thought that far. The rest of the team usually did the planning. “Dean?” Sam asked as they exited the stairwell on the fifth floor.  “Dean?”
They headed back to the bunker when they couldn’t find any evidence of where Adam might have gone next. As they descended the stairs, Dean noticed a red-headed woman standing with Kevin.
That was his leather jacket draped over the back of the desk chair. There was a photo of his mother on the chest of drawers. The keys to his baby tossed onto the desk. This room was lived in, over months or years, it was filled with his things, but he’d never seen it before.
“I don’t know,” Dean told her. “There was an angel war and Old Ones and demons. We had plenty to keep us busy.”
“That looks Akkadian,” Lindsey told them, indicating a sequence of rough symbols scratched above the inner door. “And that’s Sumerian. I’m not too familiar with it but I think that might be the symbol for protection, and that one looks like secrets or hidden things.”
Dean grinned, because whatever universe they were in, Tony’s resigned humour at the rest of the team’s antics was always the same.
“He inherited some money from his mother’s family,” Dean said as he parked just outside the building. He flashed a badge, fake for now but he surprised to find himself missing the real one, when the doorman looked like he was going to object. Sam followed him in.
Dean approached the building cautiously. Sam, Lindsey and Cas were at his back as they made their way through the quiet lobby and up the stairs. The higher up they went, the quieter the building around them became. By the time they reached the top floor it was practically silent. They headed slowly down the hallway, Lindsey and Sam taking up the rear and making sure no one could come up behind them.
He still couldn’t believe what had gone on in this reality, at least according to Sam. Purgatory, Leviathans, Trials, it all sounded crazy, but then he’d had his own problems with angels and demons and Old Gods. And Cas was human, which explained why he hadn’t answered Dean’s call. He needed some answers and then he needed to find Cas.
“Not that I don’t appreciate the hospitality,” Tony said from where he was thoroughly tied up on the motel bed. Dean knew better than to leave him any wiggle room. “But I’m not really sure what you want from me.”
“Dean?” Sam asked and Dean glanced over his shoulder, taking in the longer hair and gaunt features, before looking back at Kevin. “What are you doing?”
Dean nodded, remaining still as Tony knelt down next to him, inspecting the lock and the small gap between the door and the frame.
“I’m pretty sure that’s grounds to sue your employers,” Lindsey said, the corner of his mouth pulling into a smirk. Then he seemed to dismiss Tony entirely as he focused on Dean. “What is it you think you can offer me?”
“Having an angel owe you a favour isn’t a small thing, and I could always use a little divine assistance,” Lindsey said with a smirk.
“You too, Dean,” Cas said, leaning into him a little like he always did. Dean grinned, glad at least something about this place was the same. He pulled Cas closer and pressed his lips to the angel’s, brief and light, smiling when Cas crowded in close to him like he was seeking warmth. “Dean?”
“I’ve done nothing to harm him and stayed out of the way unless you, the other you that knew about me, needed help.”
The second demon saw them coming, but Lindsey took him on, matching punch for punch. Finally, he tossed the demon against the wall, pinning him there as he stabbed him.
Adam had been given acceptance of all that he was, not just the parts that were acceptable to modern sensibilities. Lindsey had had someone who saw not just what he had been, but what he could be. And Dean had been given something solid to hold onto after Sam had thrown himself into the pit. Tony had been the cause for change in all their lives.
“Stay behind us, don’t get separated, and if you do, find somewhere to hole up until we can find you and draw that devils trap we showed you at the entrance,” he said.
Dean didn’t think the bunker had ever been so filled with people and the fact that most of them were strangers put him on edge. Not even Sam, Charlie and Kevin being relaxed in their presence put him at ease. Not even Cas appearing from the other entrance and glancing around without any concern before he joined the others at the table could make him relax.
“A temporary holding space,” Lindsey said thoughtfully. “I need some blood before you go. Just in case.”
“Come now, Brother,” Kronos said, tone cajoling even as his tense shoulders and the way his fingers twitched to draw a weapon betrayed his impatience. “It’s inevitable, me and you, Pestilence and Death.”
Kronos paused, hand going to the wound when it started to spark and he dropped, writhing on the ground. A moment later, black smoke poured from the host’s mouth as Kronos fled. Adam slouched, reducing the appearance of threat he posed, even if not the reality.
He headed to door at the end of the hallway, stopping just in front of it. His first instinct was to kick it open, but after last time that probably wouldn’t be a good idea. It would help if Tony was with them, but Adam also didn’t like being too predictable, so there probably wasn’t another bomb.
Sam returned to the library, shuffling through the door with his hands in the air. Dean was on his feet just as Lindsey followed Sam through the door, one hand fisted in Sam’s shirt, the other holding an angel blade to his back. Tony followed the both of them. Charlie and Kevin moved from their seats to the far end of the room, away from a potential confrontation, like this had all been co-ordinated.
Lindsey and Adam were used to being on their own, depending on no one else. But Dean understood what Tony meant. If you put enough of yourself into other people, sometimes there wasn’t enough left for you.
“I tried to tell them that, but they wouldn’t listen. They imprisoned me and tortured me for thousands of years.”
“About damn time you opened the gateway on your end,” Gabriel said, stepping through the portal. He brushed himself off, looking around.
He tried Tony’s number first, memorised from frequent use, but hung up when another agent answered. He tried Adam and Lindsey next, but both their numbers were disconnected. Bobby was the same. After a moment, he tried Sam. He didn’t want to interrupt the good thing Sam had going on now with Faith and the Watchers, but he needed some answers. It wasn’t a number he recognised, but at least he got to Sam’s voicemail. He left a message to call him back and then he took another look around the room, moving slowly as he did.
“You can’t,” she said, eyes wide and fearful, as Lindsey drew the blade across her throat and cutting shallowly. Her grace poured into the jar until it was filled. He stabbed her then and let her slide down the wall to the floor. Dean turned away from her since she seemed to have been dealt with and went to Cas, crouching in front of him.
“I didn’t think you would recognise me without your grace. It’s been a long time,” the angel possessing Sam said. “Since your fall.”
“So apparently the case Adam was working on had a leak,” Tony said, coming back over to them. “The man found dead in his apartment was an FBI agent who was part of the task force. They hushed it up when they found evidence that he’d been stalking Adam. The subsequent manhunt gave them no leads and currently they assume he’s dead.”
“That’s up to you,” Adam said, arms crossing against his chest as he met Gadreel’s gaze unwaveringly. Dean let Adam take the lead with Gadreel. He was usually better at reading angels and if he saw something in Gadreel then Dean would trust him. It was difficult to blame Adam for seeing a parallel with an angel who had been punished overly harshly by the heavenly host.
“What?” Dean said. “There’s an angel riding my brother? How long has there been an angel riding my brother?”
“Deano! Rogue angels figured they could hide you away, without your normal resources, but you’re a resourceful ape. We were starting to think you didn’t want to come home.”
“There’s a bomb. That second click sounded like it was being primed, but it hasn’t activated yet. That gives us some time to get out of here before it goes,” Tony told him.
“You’ve got to be shitting me,” he said, sinking into one of the chairs and looking at Adam. “If you were going to come here anyway, why not come with us when we found you?”
“And strangers,” she said to Tony and Lindsey once she released Dean. She looked back up at him. “I’ve missed you guys.”
They were interrupted by the flutter of wings and the return of Cas and Lindsey. They had a third man between them, tall and good looking, in an unconventional way. He looked around, wide-eyed, but not exactly surprised.
“Because it’s not like my kidnapper would put me in a dangerous situation,” Tony muttered, but he followed close on their heels when they moved.
“We should leave, Dean,” Sam said, moving from the doorway. “Whatever’s going on, we’ll work it out, but we don’t need to do this.”
“What are you talking about?” Sam asked, edging closer, his hands raised in a gesture of peace although Dean knew it would only take him a second to reach one of his weapons.
Dean put his hand on the door handle and carefully eased it open, wincing at the almost silent click it made. He peered through the small crack in the door to see two tall men, one with broad shoulders and movie-star good looks, the other hiding a lithe figure with a baggy sweater. Every instinct was telling Dean that they were both dangerous and he had no idea how they’d found their way into the bunker.
“If it’s a long story, you might want to start at the beginning,” Lindsey said, leaning against the long table in the middle of the library. Tony settled in next to him, straddling the back of a chair as they watched Gadreel in Sam’s body. “Not all of us have eternity.”
Dean winced, all too aware of how much they’d pursued Adam and that was before the lot of them had fallen and literally had nowhere else to go and no one else to turn to. There wasn’t even a Gabriel here to split the angels’ attention.
Dean woke up and immediately reached for his knife, unable to shake the feeling that something was very wrong. The air in the room smelled musty and stale, not anything close to the apartment he’d rented at Quantico. His first stable home in almost 30 years. He opened his eyes and fumbled for a light switch, eventually finding it on the wrong side of the bed.
“I get that,” Dean said, watching Charlie as she typed rapidly on her laptop and wondering how she fit into this universe’s Dean’s life. Sam had called her a Woman of Letters which meant that they must trust her, it meant she must be family.
“You didn’t know?” Lindsey asked, sounding honestly surprised. Dean glared at him, already regretting bringing them all together.
Bobby was dead. Cas had been out of commission. He just wanted them all together again and now that wasn’t going to happen. Adam had gone to ground and none of the rest of them knew enough to worry about that.
“Some complications from the trials apparently,” Dean said, not sure how much Sam would remember or not, and not having enough information himself to really fill in the blanks. He patted Sam’s shoulder and then reached out to help him to his feet.
Adam stopped at the edge of the circle, waiting for Sam to turn to face him. Sam straightened slowly and turned, his expression blank and emotionless in a way Dean hadn’t seen before.
Tony narrowed his eyes in suspicion as he watched Dean closely, evaluating him, peeling away the layers of him. He had always been a little too good at seeing through them. Finally he nodded and stood up, reaching out a hand.
“Is there somewhere I can wash up?” Tony asked, looking pale and overwhelmed. Dean was sure he was going to freak out in private, put a confident mask back on and pretend everything was fine. Trying to take that away from him wouldn’t help him, but letting him feel in control of something would, even if it was just himself.
Dean wasn’t really sure what he’d expected. Adam was squirrelly at the best of times and whatever was going on in this universe didn’t seem to be doing anyone any favours. Still, he’d expected Adam to be hiding out somewhere in the FBI, but there wasn’t any sign of him, not for years.
Tony rested a hand on his shoulder and Dean hadn’t even realised he’d curled his hands into fists and was moving forward. To do what, he wasn’t sure, but he needed to do something.
Dean sighed. He knew it was bad with Tony’s team before, when Tony had quit and joined the FBI, but it hadn’t been this bad then. Tony had still had faith in himself and the team he’d assembled. He hadn’t been broken. Maybe that’s what the difference was. Maybe everything was different here because Tony had made a different choice.
“What makes you think I’m playing?” Adam’s expression was coy, his mouth curled in the faintest smirk, but his eyes were hard and his shoulders were back.
“It has been difficult. Being cut off from heaven has left me without most of my power, and I wasn’t in the best condition before that, but I have done what I can. He is still injured, but he will survive.”
Lindsey patted his shoulder as they left the garage, passing him on the way to the library. Sam was already halfway down the hall and Cas hovered at his side. He hadn’t really left Dean since they’d found him and Dean couldn’t blame him. It had to be traumatic to fall, and to be left without his grace as well, and they were about the only humans Cas knew.
“Castiel,” Adam said, rising slowly to his feet. “You are surviving on borrowed grace. There is more going on than you perceive.” His gaze turned to Dean, hazel eyes intense as they stared at each other. “Trust me.”
“You can go,” Sam said, voice soft through the open window. “You should hurry, I don’t think he’ll be much longer.”
Sam gave Lindsey a sidelong look, but didn’t say anything further for which Dean was glad. Sam tended to dismiss their greyer leaning allies, but the team was family. They just needed time to realise it. So did Sam. None of them could do this alone. The last few years had taught him that.
“I’ve already tried,” Kevin added, settling down opposite Charlie at the table. “The guy’s a ghost.”
Even a more enlightened Dean had his limits for emotional conversations. Sam nodded and let him go. Dean turned back to Tony.
“It’s not that,” Tony said and he moved into view again, collapsing back onto the edge of the bed, elbows on his knees and head bowed. “I mean, your brother’s totally nuts, but he’s trying to do the right thing. And I don’t know how or why, but he seems to have all this faith in me, and I don’t know where it comes from.”
“So how do we get our Dean back?” Sam asked from where he leaned against one of the bookcases on the opposite side of the library to Gadreel. Gabriel looked at him, not immediately answering.
Tony drew a knife from behind him and Dean had no idea where he’d managed to get it from, but admired the inclination either way. With a practiced movement, Tony threw the knife and it perfectly intersected one of the lines creating the circle that kept Gadreel in place. Gadreel stepped back, hands raised non-threateningly, as he stepped out of the circle.
Dean didn’t bother replying, didn’t want to deal with the confrontation, and was rather glad when his phone rang. He glanced at it briefly to see Charlie’s name on the screen.
“Looks like this girl is popular with all the boys,” the angel said as Sam struggled to get up. She hit him hard, before he’d fully regained his feet again, and he collapsed again, unmoving.
Kronos strode forward and Adam straightened out of his unassuming slouch. Dean was used to the two men arguing, but he’d never really seen them at odds, not when Kronos was in his right mind. He was tempted to stand between the two, protect Adam from the demon who’d hunted him until he was a shadow of himself. But Adam was already stepping forward, drawing Kronos’ attention to him, not that it had ever drifted away. He'd always been terrible at pretending not the care about anyone, especially people he thought were innocent.
“Okay,” Sam said slowly. From his frown, Dean guessed he was evaluating his choices. “So what’s the plan?”
“And how exactly do you know all of that?” Tony demanded, but he’d shifted a step back and Dean knew whatever else was different, what he knew about the man was the same. It just made him all the more determined to get the team back.
“That was years ago,” Dean said, and if anyone said he was whining he’d punch them. “And I can prove it. You like classic movies, music and cars. You’re not close with your family on either side, but your mother taught you the piano. You still play when you’re feeling lost or don’t know what to do.”
“McDonald,” Adam said, striding toward them. Lindsey pushed Sam forward and he stumbled a few steps, coming to a stop as light flashed around him. Dean looked up at the ceiling to see a circle drawn there designed to trap an angel.
“I have been successful,” a new voice said, appearing suddenly amongst them. Ezekiel, and he wasn’t healing Sam. The angel rested a crate on the kitchen table and it clinked with the sound of glass against glass.
“Trust me,” Adam said with a smirk and Dean rolled his eyes. Anyone with even a passing acquaintance with Adam would have told you that was a bad idea, but Dean knew better. There were few lengths Adam wouldn’t go to for people he considered his, and the team might not be his yet, but Adam had taken a chance on them. He was giving them a chance to prove themselves. The least Dean could do was give him the benefit of the doubt.
Sam frowned, clearly reluctant, but Dean was relieved when he joined Tony as they left. He breathed deeply for a moment, preparing himself and then he ran. He was barely at the outside door when a blast of heat and pressure at his back knocked him off his feet. There was a flash of blue around him, blocking the worst of it, and then Tony and Sam were there, helping him to his feet. He wavered for a moment and tried to clear his ears of the buzzing as they backed away from the now raging fire.
“Didn’t need it,” Dean said. They’d had Lindsey and Adam, who knew just about everything there was to know between them. And for anything they didn’t know there was Bobby and the Watchers to call on. Still, he would be curious to see if his version existed too.
“Demons,” Lindsey said as one of the moving figures passed through the light cast from a street lamp and his black eyes glittered. “Black eyed ones at least.”
Dean didn’t even hesitate to give him one. Once Tony was in, he was all in, and he’d put his lot in with Dean so he wasn’t too worried about Tony betraying them. Tony stared at the phone in his hand for a long moment before he nodded to himself and headed to the other side of the room for some privacy.
“One last thing before I go. Some contacts you might find useful,” Dean said, handing a list he’d drawn up to Tony. There were only a few names on it and some contact information; Faith Lehane, Nick Burkhardt, Eliot Spencer, Vin Tanner, Neal Caffrey, Frank Crawford.
“Huh? No, nothing like that. Dad can just be nosy sometimes, you know? It’s not his business, so he doesn’t need to hear it.”
“I guess that saves us the trouble of telling you then. Can I go back to sleep now?” Dean rolled over and covered his head with a pillow.
“You’re brave, you're determined, and you always know how to handle these tough situations. That’s really awesome, and…” Dean hesitated for a moment, “ I want you to know that you’ve really helped me out these past few weeks.”
“I would never,” he crossed his arms. “No, darling, I simply want to be there in case anything interesting happens. High school dances are full of drama. Also, I may try to convince the DJ to play some songs from my repertoire. If you’re lucky, I may put on a show for you all,” he winked. “You know, since you are yet to visit me on the nights I’m on stage.”
After dinner, they played some board games which was apparently a Novak tradition for Sunday nights. It was sweet in theory, but in practice was pretty intense. Who’d have known that Cas’s family would be so competitive, especially since he was usually so calm. Dean thought that Gabriel was about to throw the Monopoly board across the room a few times after landing on some highly-taxed areas.
Once she and Miracle had disappeared out the back door, Sam returned to the living room to find Dean staring down at his phone. He seemed tense.
“It’s not that it’s not appropriate. It’s just that it's too normal. I was hoping for something a little different. You know, something more...extravagant. I want it to be a memorable day."
Before heading to the meeting space, Cas had them stop by the Home Economics department to pick up some food that the cooking teacher had been gracious enough to let him store in her room. Dean knew there was going to be snacks, but he was surprised to find just how much his friend had purchased. It was more like a mini meal. From the refrigerator, Cas removed a bowl of grapes, a bag of mandarin oranges, a plate of cookies, a bottle of soda, and some juice. He set them on one of the counters, and then reached back in to pull out a platter of sandwiches (nothing fancy, just the kind you could get from the deli at the grocery store, but still enough to make Dean’s mouth water). He motioned for Dean to grab a bag of regular potato chips and a bag of sour cream and onion chips from the cabinet too.
“She’s still figuring it all out, but she seemed pretty receptive to my flirting. I get major bi vibes from her.”
Dean’s voice was a bit raspy, but his overall performance was commendable in Cas’s opinion. He appreciated the element of theatricality his friend gave to the song, and if his own voice didn’t sound like a train wreck, he probably would’ve sung along. He settled for humming and tapping his toes to the beat. Dean smiled but wasn’t entirely satisfied.
Later Cas would ask him about it, but rather than explaining Dean just placed his lips against the boy’s forehead and remained that way for a moment. Yup, he could get used to this.
“After the parade,” Cas blew his nose into a napkin his brother had given him, and he tried to calm himself. “It’s important that we remain focused for the group. They’ve really been looking forward to this, and I don’t want to risk jeopardizing the experience by potentially creating an even more awkward situation for me and Dean that they would be forced to bear witness to. So, until Friday, I think it’s best that we try and carry on like normal.”
“Ok, well let’s see here...holy shit,” Dean flipped around the menu and pointed at one of the images. “Bacon-wrapped filet mignons? You’ve got to try that, man.”
“Are you alright?”  the boy put his hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed, lightly. “You seem a little out of it.”
A glance at the alarm I had set up told me that I had to get up again in six and a half hours in order to be able to go to work on time. I groaned in annoyance, squeezed my eyes shut and tried convulsively to find sleep; but to no avail.
The idea of how many different character traits there had to be in the whole wide world fascinated me every single time I thought about it.
"I'm going to get ready for my date now," I said and stood up. Before I turned to leave, though, I looked at Sam with a mischievous grin on my lips. "You know... actually, Ruby is way too good for you. You don't deserve her at all."
After our parents had been killed in a tragic car accident, my little brother and I had had to face life's myriad hurdles alone. It had taken us a few years and a lot of effort to sell our parents' house and to move away; letting Kansas be a thing of the past once and for all. But that's how we ended up in New Orleans with Ruby, whom Sam had met and fallen in love with through law school. New Orleans. The city that not only stood for music, rhythm and art, but also for dreams. The city that was supposed to give us all a chance at a fresh start. Ruby, too, had been through a lot in her life, which is why she hadn't hesitated for a second when Sam told her the news. But she probably would have gone to the ends of the earth anyway to stay by my little brother's side.
When we entered the restaurant afterwards, we were immediately welcomed by one of the waiters. He lead us to the table I had reserved for us shortly after I asked Lisa if she would like to have dinner with me some time. The table was in an adjoining room and thus lay somewhat apart from the others, which only strengthened the cozy ambience.
Between fries and bites of my bacon cheeseburger, I gave her a brief version of the thoughts that had been running through my head on the way here.
Dark clouds were gathering in the sky, which made me begin to wonder if the change of weather possibly was a bad omen for my upcoming date. But before I could get caught up in my chaotic thoughts again, I pushed them all aside and let my gaze wander over my surroundings to distract myself.
Ruby shot her husband a meaningful look before giving me a smile and placing a hand on my shoulder. "Too bad. But I wish you good luck and most of all, have fun on your date! And just in case you do get hungry later, I'll definitely save you some and put it in the fridge."
"And you're a bitch." After sticking out my tongue at my little brother, I took heavy steps up the stairs to take an extensive shower.
In addition, dancing had always been an escape from reality for me; a kind of therapy. When I moved to the music, I blanked out the rest of the world. It was almost as if the rhythmic sounds took possession of me and made me feel nothing else. Almost as if there was only the music and me.
In front of a bar, the dense crowd of people, mostly tourists, was broken by several dancers moving rhythmically to the music in the moonlight.
Before Sam could say anything back, Ruby joined us and started spreading out the plates and silverware for dinner on the big wooden table that was located in the middle of the room. "Hi Dean! Are you going to eat with us? I made lasagna with extra bolognese."
I followed him and flopped down on the couch like a wet sack. "No. I have a date today," I answered his question and began massaging my temples.
Since I had already showered extensively before the date with Lisa, I left it at a relatively short shower to calm down a bit, before I finally slipped into my boxers and the gray shirt that had served me as a kind of pajama top for ages now.
After brushing my teeth and thus successfully removing the last traces of the bacon cheeseburger, I let myself fall into bed; exhausted.
I huffed and kicked a Coke can that was laying on the ground with such a power that it flew several feet away and subsequently rolled quite a bit further.
My gaze wandered to Lisa, who had also been looking around. "I hope the menu is as good as the restaurant looks," she murmured with a grin on her lips, immediately reaching for the leather booklet in front of her.
“There you go. Lots of smart people around. Maybe you’ll make some friends,” Dean smiled at him, but Sam maintained his neutral expression. “It’ll be different this time. You’ll see.”
“You know, after Jack got marker all over my face, you were helping to wipe it off, and...well, maybe I’m looking too much into things, but your hand kinda lingered there for awhile. I thought…”
As they walked towards the front entrance of the building, Sam caught his brother smiling which was a major shift from his behavior on the way to school.
“You know what I mean. We’re supposed to be a team, right? That kinda comes with the whole relationship thing.”
“More surprises?” Dean wasn’t too intrigued by that as he had quite an eventful day yesterday and wasn’t sure if he would be able to handle anything else.
The only person who didn’t address them was Crowley. He was busy in the back of the room on his phone, seemingly bored with everything that was going on around him. Charlie tossed a bag of miniature flags at him to grab his attention.
I’m thinking of skipping a few weeks ahead in the next chapter so we can get to Dean helping Cas with the Homecoming banner at Cas’s house. So expect to meet Gabriel and little Jack soon.
“Hey, there’s Gabriel,” Cas grabbed Dean’s arm and turned him in the direction of his own sibling who gave them a thumbs-up and a wink.
“Yeah. I was always busy watching Sammy, but now that he’s in highschool, I don’t really have an excuse not to go other than that it doesn’t really seem like my scene.”
“Sure,” Sam chuckled a little, and Dean’s face went red as he gave him a glare that stated: ‘Stop embarrassing me in front of my boyfriend.’
“I do enjoy spending time with Charlie, but usually by the end of the night some girl will ask her to dance, and I am left awkwardly watching from the punchbowl.”
Normally Sam would glare at him, but he let it slide since he was just happy to see his brother starting to relax.
Sheesh, this guy was so formal compared to Gabriel. And not like Cas’s cute, awkward kind of formality. This was actually rather intimidating.
“Hell yes! I’ve been looking forward to this all day. Can’t wait to show off my sexy angel boyfriend.”
“When exactly have you hung out? Do you and Cas have another class with his friends? No offense, Dean, but you don’t go out very much these days.”
“Um, I’m still here, guys,” Sam groaned as he fished his toast out and onto his plate. “I know it’s Valentine’s Day, but could you please refrain from making out until after I finish eating?”
“I should’ve warned you. I’m not a singer,” he bit his lip. “You on the other hand...you’re pretty good.”
Much to Dean’s dismay, there wasn’t a club for cars, but some kids in the robotics squad told him that there might be some spaces still available in the auto tech class if he could get in to see one of the academic counselors to manage his schedule. Of course, he’d have to hurry if he wanted to snag one of those positions before someone else did. Dean figured he could drop by after school and talk to someone about getting an appointment. Afterall, auto tech sure as hell would be more interesting than the random electives he already had. It would be more applicable too.
“Honestly, the best thing to do is to say this outright. Be like ripping off a bandaid,” Dean swallowed. “Dad...Cas isn’t a chick, and I am not going to the dance without a date.”
That was true. Jack was blissfully unaware of the whole situation, totally engrossed by the fantasy realm he had created with his toys. Michael sighed and turned back to Gabe.
Jack grinned and reached inside the box for a piece. Tasting it, he gave a thumbs up to show his approval. The cashier pinched the bridge of his nose with his finger, and sighed, deciding that there was no use arguing about the kid eating merchandise.
“I don't know. I mean, he's not super traditional if that's what you mean. Not too showy either...at least when it comes to his appearance," Dean giggled a little because Cas could certainly be over the top when it came to other things (his initial entrance in that barn where they met came to mind). "Anyway, I don't think a diamond would be the right fit."
“Well, it wasn’t me cause I was out cold…Sam?” Dean looked up at his brother who now had his face covered by his pillow to block out any further instances of morning flirting.
The ride to the restaurant was surprisingly quiet which made Dean uneasy. He had assumed that they’d be engaged in conversation about the evening ahead, sharing in their mutual excitement to be going on an actual date for once, but neither of them had spoken a word since they left the bunker. It wasn’t unusual for him and Cas to spend long periods of time together without speaking, but that would be more of a peaceful silence while this one was suffocating. There was a clear tension between them as if both wanted to say something, but couldn’t bring themselves to do so. Dean knew very well what was keeping him on edge, but he worried about Cas. He had been in such a good mood before, and now...Dean glanced over at the angel who was staring out the window, seemingly lost in his thoughts. He jumped a little upon the sensation of Dean’s hand on top of his.
“This was never the life your mother and I wanted for you. Imagine how she would feel if she knew about this or that you had exposed your brother to such deviancy.
“Would you like a granola bar to snack on in the car?” Cas reached into his bag and pulled out a package like the one he had from earlier.
Dean put aside his shame temporarily as he needed to step in before John could finish what he instinctively knew would be an insult.
“There isn’t a set time for these things, Dean. You don’t have to do anything you don’t feel ready to do,” he said, softly.
“Pleasure,” he extended his hand to shake Dean’s. “Mm, firm grip you got there,” he said in a joking yet slightly flirtatious manner.
Oh, and on Friday I’m supposed to drop Sam off at a friend’s house to spend the night, but if you want to tag along, we can still get ice cream, and I’ll drive you home afterwards. Just let me know.
“Wow, look at you,” Sam turned around, shocked to see how relaxed Cas looked wrapped in one of Dean’s robes. “That’s a pretty bad case of bedhead you got there. And where’s your trench coat?”
“ Look, we’re handling it, ok. That’s why we are here. Cas and I are going to talk to the principal.”
“Forgive me, but I’m not seeing why that would be a problem. It’s obvious you have a thing for him. Why do you think I tease you about it all the time? You’re not very good at hiding it,” Gabriel laughed.
“I imagine he’s probably off planning his own little surprise for you,” Sam replied over his shoulder.
“Hm,” Cas reached for one of the boxes and untied the ribbon so he could look inside and inspect each piece.
“You’re not some tool, Dean. And you’re not a coward for taking care of yourself,” Cas said firmly. “That said, I’m not going to stop you from participating if you really want to,” he sighed. “Just know that you don’t have to say anything to them.”
Castiel was now busying himself by organizing some pamphlets, so without looking up, he flipped Crowley off. The other seemed pleased by this reaction and continued.
The Winchesters followed Gabe into the living room where Jack was busy with a dinosaur puzzle. As soon as he spotted Dean, he dropped the piece he had in his hand and ran to hug him. Dean was taken aback since he had only met the boy once, but he wasn’t going to turn down a hug from Mr. Matchmaker. He owed the kid after all. If it wasn’t for his little trick, Dean wouldn’t be there.
“Nope! No urges. Dean and I aren’t…I wasn’t asking to…the door can stay open. Totally fine,” he stammered.
“Ok, well, I think I’m going to take the little fluff ball outside to burn off some energy,” she smiled at Miracle who had returned with the ball in her mouth.
After Gabriel kicked him out, Michael trudged upstairs. It had been a crazy day, and he too could use rest. Right before entering his room, he glanced at Jack’s door which was caty-cornered from his. It was open as Cas had promised, and he could hear the slight rumble of snoring. His brother didn’t snore, so it must’ve been one of the other boys. Perhaps the boyfriend…
“I’ve done a lot of research on it because for the longest time I thought I was broken. But it turns out such feelings suggest that I might be on the Ace spectrum.”
Cas glanced at Dean who wasn’t sure how to respond. He knew spirituality was important to the Novak’s (although each had their own ways of practicing it), and he didn’t want to be rude, but he hadn’t been to a church since before his mother died. To be perfectly honest, it made him feel conflicted to sit there and listen to people go on about faith when all it ever did for him was create false hope. His mother used to tell him that he had angels watching over him, but over the years, he started to think that if there were such a thing, they too abandoned him long ago. Perhaps it was for the best because Dean rarely felt like he deserved such support anyway. Still, Cas has told him many stories about his youth group and about services attended with his family, and his eyes always lit up when he did so. It was the sense of a higher purpose that excited him, and the comfort of having cosmic guidance anchored him during some of his hardest times. Dean admired his enthusiasm, and often wondered what would happen if he gave it another try. Would it be any more beneficial now that he had someone beside him to endure the journey with? Someone to reassure him when things got bad. He admitted the thought was tempting. This being both the lowest and highest moment of his life after finding love at the expense of his relationship with his dad, he felt like he could use some direction. Something to propel him forward. At the very least, he could revel in the joy the experience brought for his partner.
“Claire and Kaia. Dean and I were close, but I got mixed up on a date in history, and we lost it on the last question,” Cas seemed disappointed.
When he opened the door, Sam was already hard at work on some assignment. He didn’t look up or even acknowledge Dean’s presence. That wasn’t a good sign.
“Of course I will, Dean,” Sam said, sincerely. “I just meant that my opinion won’t change anything. You are who you are. That’s just how it is. You shouldn’t have to pretend to be something you’re not.”
“Did you get up at all during the night to use the restroom? If you were half asleep you could’ve shut it by accident?” Dean suggested.
“I’m not desperate, darling,” Crowley chuckled a little. “As I said, it was merely something to alleviate the growing sense of boredom. I could get anyone I wanted if I tried, but I’m not in a hurry to be tied down.”
“Because I’m still not sure how this will play out, and I didn’t want you getting ahead of yourself. Of course, I am optimistic that he will say yes because I know Cas cares about me, but still...at the end of the day, he’s an angel. Who’s to say that he won’t get sick of dealing with my human crap one day? I just don’t know if he...and do I even deserve for him...” his voice trailed off as those self-deprecating thoughts began to flood his brain again.
“But for how long? Are you saying you’d want to give up being an angel permanently?” Jack’s eyes widened.
They ended up watching a few movies from the 90s that, while stereotypical, were included because Cas wanted to showcase progression in media. He listened fondly as his boyfriend detailed the significance of certain scenes. One in particular held special importance to him. It was from the Birdcage. Armand and Albert were sitting together on a bench near the harbor, discussing their relationship. It was simple, but genuine, and it made Cas tear up a little because it had been his first exposure to a positive queer experience. Unlike many stories that ended tragically, this one gave him hope that he could one day have it all with someone- a home, a family, a shared life. He deserved it as much as anyone else which was something he had often doubted. It was touching to see Cas so emotionally impacted, and it made Dean want to wrap his arms around him and never let go for as long as he lived. Smiling, he reached over to wipe a tear from the boy’s cheek. Cas blushed, embarrassed by his reaction but endeared by Dean’s gesture. He leaned into the touch.
“Ok, thank you, Gabriel. I’ll check on him on the way up to my room. Dean and I were just going to work on our Homecoming banner.”
“For best results, you should wear something that shows off your figure,” Jack read, “I think that means tighter clothes.”
“Seriously, Dean. Where are we?” Cas asked about a half an hour later when his partner began to drive in the direction of a wooded area that was away from the main road.
“Why are you looking at me like that? Do I have pie on my face?” he wiped the edges of his mouth with his hand.
“Stranger? We met this morning outside by my booth. I’m Castiel. Don’t you remember?” He tilted his head.
Dean looked back to Cas, a clear question in his eyes. Cas smiled, and soon their lips were together again.
“I know,” Gabriel put his hand on his brother’s shoulder and sighed. “But opportunities like this don’t come around every day, kid. You don’t want to throw away your shot. Every relationship comes with risks, but you can’t let fear get the best of you.”
“Because like you said, you are newly out, Dean. You have a lot to explore in order to figure out what you like and what makes you comfortable. I don’t want you to deny yourself that period of self-discovery. Also, you have told me before that you have enjoyed sex in the past, so obviously you have these impulses and are ok with acting on them when the timing is right. I don’t want to take away something you find pleasure in doing. You should be able to have that option.”
Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting when he entered the Novak home, but it definitely wasn’t the the overwhelming sense of pity. Perhaps he was just used to John’s twisted way of handling things because he didn’t think all the hugs and kind words were necessary, especially from people Dean hardly knew. Even Michael appeared softer with him than he did earlier that evening. Not that Dean was complaining. It was kind of nice actually to feel like he had a place among them even if he didn’t at home. At least, that’s how he felt initially. It soon became a bit suffocating, so he looked to Cas for an out.
Cas shook his head. Jack shrugged and began to drown the cereal in milk. His father watched as he stuffed his face.
Dean really wanted to speak about what had just happened, but the words were caught in his throat. Instead, he just nodded.
Before Sam could respond, Eileen emerged from the other room with Miracle barking and joyfully nipping at her heels in an attempt to get her to play. Dean’s expression softened upon seeing them.
“Why? I’m sure if you asked someone to dance, they’d say yes. I mean, look at you. You’re smart, you’re funny, you’re honest, and you’re…” Dean wanted to say that Castiel was one of the hottest guys in school, but he held his tongue, instead settling for “Well, let’s just say you’re a catch. It’s actually a surprise that I don’t see you fighting off admirers at school.”
Rather than unpack that statement, Castiel dropped the matter and followed. The two sat across from one another at a picnic table in the center of the park just past the playground. Dean watched as Cas pulled out some papers from his bag and set them in front of him. He then reached for a granola bar that he munched on as he scribbled something onto the first page.
Gabriel clearly wanted to say yes, but he shared a look with Michael. The elder Novak was a bit conflicted on the issue.
“That’s ridiculous, and you know it,” Sam responded, sharply, “Cas doesn’t just care about you. He rebelled for you. He gave up everything he ever knew for you. Since you met, he’s been head over heels, and that’s not going to change. Besides, he knew what he signed on for. It was his idea to ask you out in the first place, and he’s never once reconsidered. He’s going to say yes, and then you will work things out together just like you always do.”
“Cas, you’re my little brother, and I love you, but you can be such a dumbass sometimes. Why can’t you get it through your thick skull that this boy is crazy about you?” Gabe said, sternly. “He’s not going to change his mind because he’s already devoted. You’re his best friend, and he wants you to be happy.”
“Naomi Shurley is a member of the PTA, and she informed us over the weekend that she had some concerns regarding our Homecoming parade. She says she found some aspects inappropriate.”
“That dream made me realize that I can't live without you. You mean the world to me, and I want to build a life with you,” Dean said, gently, “I get that things will not always be easy. Being human, my time is limited. No matter how much I want to deny it, I will grow old, and one day I’m gonna die. Not that the dying means much to you, considering you have a VIP pass to visit me upstairs, but the aging...I imagine that’ll be tough. I know it’s a lot to ask that you put up with all the wrinkles and body aches and my inevitable crankiness, especially when you are going to look and act the exact same as you do now, but...there’s nobody else I would want by my side. You and me, Cas. What do you say? Will you marry me?”
Charlie didn’t seem to notice the false enthusiasm as she had turned her attention to Sam. Smiling, she extended her arm.
“Do you? You don’t even know what’s best for yourself. Don’t act like you're righteous or some shit for interfering with my life. You’re just an asshole who is afraid of things he doesn’t understand.”
The angel nodded. Cas smiled as Dean began to cut into his steak. The look on his face as he chewed was one of pure ecstasy. He closed his eyes, savoring the taste.
“That sounds nice. Just let me put some stuff away, and then we can watch Finding Nemo. I know that’s your favorite.”
“Since when has talking about girls made you feel uncomfortable? You do still like girls, right? Or has that changed recently?” Sam’s tone turned serious which meant that he was expecting his older brother to come out again.
“Just being you,” Dean chuckled. “God, the things you do to me, man. All you need to do is smile at me, and I feel like I’m about to explode.”
He prepared to hand the slip back before quickly adding, "And for your information, Winnie the Pooh has a heart of gold. Don't disrespect him again."
“Come on, you two lovebirds ought to get ready for the parade,” Sam said, “I’ll see you out there,” he waived at them and left.
Dean scanned the rows of rings, not entirely sure what to look for. Cas wasn’t a fancy guy, so he didn’t need a huge diamond or anything, but Dean also didn’t want to get him something plain and boring. He could always try something unconventional and get a ring without a diamond. Maybe like an emerald or something. He had read somewhere that some people believe emeralds represent successful love, faith, and loyalty. Then again, if someone didn’t know that, they may see green and think “jealousy” like Dean was possessive. That probably wouldn’t be a good idea then. He scratched his head in thought. He could go for something blue like Cas’s eyes. Afterall, Dean had always considered them to be the most beautiful part of him. They’re like sparkling pools that are too easy to get lost in.
“The thing is...I’m not quite ready to deal with it yet, and that stress made me a bit irritable in the car earlier. I didn’t mean to be dick to you.”
“Nice to meet you, sir,” Dean tried to be calm. “Uh, I’m Dean, and this is my younger brother, Sam.”
“I want to go to Stanford,” Sam clarified, “I’m only a freshman, so I have a long way to go before I can apply. In the meantime, I’m just trying to beef up the CV.”
“He doesn’t know what he’s missing,” he yawned and took another drink. “I would prefer someone older and more mature anyway.”
He pulled the Impala into his usual parking spot by their apartment and turned off the engine. He turned to Cas.
Stripping down to his underwear and socks, he stared at himself in the mirror for awhile. He hugged his chest, feeling a bit exposed and also slightly cold since he had chosen the stall with a vent right above it. Sighing, he slipped on some dark grey pants, and attempted to fasten his shirt, a light blue button-down. It took a few tries before he was finally able to get all the buttons up to his neck because his hands were shaking and kept slipping. Finally, he threw on the jacket which matched the pants. He hadn’t bothered to grab a tie because he wasn’t sure how to put it on, and he didn’t feel comfortable asking his brother for help in front of everybody. He did wish he had grabbed some dress shoes, however, because he felt stupid standing there in formal wear with his Scooby Doo socks. He wondered if he should maybe take those off too and go out barefoot. That might be for the best.
There was a soft giggle as Cas leaned into his partner’s touch. The sound drove Dean crazy, so he began pressing his lips repeatedly to the other man’s temple until he lifted his head to meet him in a proper kiss. At first it was innocent, but before Dean knew it, he had Cas climbing on top of him. The two kissed passionately for awhile, and Cas teased him a bit by nibbling at his ear and kissing down the side of his neck. However, things didn’t escalate further because just as quickly as they started, the fun ended. Cas reluctantly pulled away and looked down at Dean.
“You’re not happy. You’re delusional. Let go of his hand right now and both you and Sam go to your room.”
That was true about lunch. As much as it pained him to sit with Sam’s debate buddies instead of Cas, he wasn’t sure how to spend thirty minutes alone with the guy with these unspoken feelings. However, would it be any easier to spend a few hours after school shopping for formal wear with the Pride Alliance gang and his brother while being next to the guy he was possibly in love with? In retrospect, Dean wished he had just addressed this thing with his friend earlier because now he was left with two options. One: Act like normal and hope that his heart wouldn’t explode at the sight of Cas. Or two: Pull him aside to talk and risk a negative reaction that would inevitably be witnessed by all of their friends because nobody there seems to have any concept of boundaries and would have certainly been eavesdropping on their conversation. Which will it be, Dean?
Dean and Cas shared a look and nodded. Everyone gathered together and proceeded to make a bunch of awkward movements since none of them actually knew how to dance. It was so dumb and silly, but it had Dean grinning from ear-to-ear. What had him nearly bursting out laughing though was a sort of lip sync battle between Charlie and Crowley. Charlie took on “Cooler than Me” by Mike Posner when it came on, and she had dug into her purse to pull out sunglasses that she was then parading around in. Crowley afterwards bribed the DJ to play “For Your Entertainment” from Adam Lambert, and he was surprisingly good. Suddenly the outfit and persona didn’t seem so weird. It was actually kinda badass, and he could see how someone might find it a little bit hot. But he’d never admit to that. Even Cas seemed intrigued, so maybe they had all underestimated Crowley’s talent and appeal. Perhaps they should go see one of his shows.
In addition to reminiscing, Dean also spent quite a bit of time fantasizing. For instance, what would happen if he and Cas got together and had movie nights? Cas would snuggle up next to him on the couch, the tv showing some cowboy movie that neither of them would actually be watching because they would be too busy talking. Cas would be nitpicking the historical inaccuracies and the dramatic acting while Dean tried to defend the honor of John Wayne and other Western movie stars. This would go on for some time before Cas would attempt to shut him up by pressing his mouth gently to Dean’s cheek, his nose, his forehead, and finally to his lips. They may share lazy kisses for awhile or perhaps just cuddle until they fall asleep. Other thoughts included making breakfast together or rather Dean making breakfast while Cas kept him company, hugging him from behind, whispering sweet nothings into his ear. Meanwhile, Sam is probably sitting nearby, rolling his eyes. He would be secretly happy for them, though. Dean would be making his specialty, buttermilk pancakes (does Cas like pancakes?), and he’d laugh when his offer for Cas to help ends up with a pancake flipping a little too high and landing on the floor by Sam’s feet. Smaller scenarios were sprinkled in with these larger fantasies as well- holding hands in the hallway, ordering for one another at restaurants, giving Valentines, etc. All such thoughts made Dean feel warm and fuzzy inside, but they were also a distraction from the major issue at hand. How was he supposed to prove to Cas that this thing between them was real and that he was in it for the long-run?
Yawning, he turned back to check on Sammy who was still chatting away. It wasn’t often that his little brother got this excited about something, so he didn’t want to interrupt. Technically, he could just leave him because Sam was responsible enough to get to where he needed to be without Dean’s guidance. There was still some time to kill, so he could go ahead inside and try to get a feel of the place. He also could just go to his room and mess around on his phone before the bell. The phone option was extremely tempting, but a part of him didn’t want to go just yet. He enjoyed seeing his brother look so joyful, and he wanted to savor it.
“He and his brother, Raphael, were going to pick up Jack, and then swing by on the way back to the house,” Charlie informed him. “He called just a few minutes ago to tell us he was in the parking lot at the elementary school which is just a few blocks away, so he should be dropped off soon.”
“No, it’s fine. I shouldn’t have snapped at you. I’m still a bit anxious. But no, me and Cas… we are just friends.”
“But I don’t want to date anybody else. I want you, Cas,” Dean had told himself before not to sound desperate, but he didn’t care anymore.
In addition to his fears regarding peer acceptance, he was also continuing to face the fundamental dilemma-coming out. He had this ever-growing sense of dread for putting his deepest, darkest secret on display because not only did that mean others would know, it also meant that he’d be forced to confront his insecurities. Like he had told Castiel, he had always known that he wasn’t like other kids, but he never wanted to admit that to himself. He shoved it down, tried to ignore it, but denial wasn’t going to be an option much longer. His heart raced just thinking about it.
Cas gave him a warm smile to indicate that there was nothing to worry about (if only he believed it himself). Dean relaxed his posture.
“Great! I’ll grab some plates,” Sam left for the kitchen with Eileen and Miracle, leaving Dean alone in the room.
His father didn’t answer. He took a swig of the drink he was holding and tossed the empty can over his shoulder. Noticing the slight swaying of his body and the overwhelming aroma of cheap beer that was on his breath, Dean figured it wasn’t his first. Great, drunk John is just what he needed…he took a deep breath and let it out to ground himself. Fuck it.
So, I told Sam. He seems to be handling it well, but that might be because he apparently already suspected that something was up years ago. He didn’t want to say anything because he didn’t want to make me mad. I can’t really say I blame him cause I know I can be a hothead sometimes, but a part of me is annoyed that I could’ve come clean a lot sooner and saved myself the stress. Of course, coming out earlier could have meant other problems, so maybe I made the smart choice afterall. Who knows.
“Awesome,” Gabriel extended his hand for Dean to shake. “I’m Gabriel by the way. Nice to finally meet you, Dean. You’re kinda a celebrity round here. Cas never shuts up about you.”
“Heh, not unless you want to,” Sam smirked, “But you said fairytale date, Dean. Think about it. Just the two of you, the moon, the music, staring into each other's eyes, maybe a kiss at the end of the dance. That sounds pretty romantic to me.”
“Not related to us, no. We had lunch together yesterday and today, but we mostly talked about the parade on Friday.”
Sam grinned at Dean to sell the point, but also because he’s a little shit and despite the stakes, he genuinely enjoyed the opportunity to embarrass his brother.
“For once, Crowley’s right,” Cas chimed in, “Sexuality is fluid anyway, so it could change down the road. Just take things as they come. In the end, do whatever makes you happy.”
Dean led the way to a spot just a few feet from the shoreline where he laid out the blanket. Next to it, he placed the cooler and what Cas could now see was a small music player. Dean made a motion for Cas to sit. Despite his confusion, the angel obliged. His partner opened the cooler to retrieve a beer and the pie tin. He handed the beer to Cas and then rushed back to the Impala to grab some paper plates and plastic cutlery from the glove compartment.
“It’s not your fault, Cas,” Dean wasn’t sure when he had moved his hand, but it was now lying on top of Cas’s as he spoke. “The guy was obviously insecure and projecting. Even if you had defended him against your brother and cleared any misconceptions, it probably wouldn’t have made a difference. His mind would've traveled to the worst case scenario anyway. Panic will do that to you. Trust me, I know.”
“They’re not on school property. I can’t press charges for trespassing because the street is public domain.”
The angel gave him a timid smile, his cheeks turning red. It was probably the most adorable thing Dean had ever seen. Grinning, he leaned forward to capture the angel’s lips again, allowing himself to become engulfed by Cas’s light.
“Positive,” leaving the platter for Dean, Cas grabbed the bottle of soda and the chips and left the room.
Castiel did not answer immediately. He let go of Dean’s hand and climbed into the passenger’s seat, closing his eyes to begin some sort of meditative breathing. This struck Dean as odd, but then again everything about Cas was odd, so it probably didn’t mean anything. Shrugging, he hopped in on the driver’s side and waited patiently for his friend to finish whatever it was he was doing.
“Yeah, and the pet store. It’s not a total lie though. I’ll pick up some dog food while I’m out, and I’ll take Miracle for a walk before heading back to the bunker. Assuming Eileen doesn’t wear her out first,” he laughed a little.
“What is it? Headache? Stomach ache? We can stop at the store to get some ginger ale if you think that’ll help.”
“It’s just that I’m still getting used to things. I’ve been lying because I was a bit embarrassed, and I wasn’t sure what you would think about it. However, I’m really starting to enjoy it, and I like hanging out with that crowd, so it’s becoming more difficult to pretend. It’s exhausting, and quite honestly, it feels wrong to keep this part of myself from my own brother.”
“Did Eileen stop by or something? What’s all this?” Dean yawned as he entered the kitchen and spotted a box of chocolates and a bouquet of roses on the table.
“That’s ridiculous. You’re the full package, dude. I’ve told you this before. What more could they want?”
Damn, he could really be sassy when he wanted to be. What a bastard, and Dean loved him for it. He placed a gentle kiss on the top of Cas’s head. His friend hummed with delight.
“So, you must be Dean’s so-called date,” he stated, giving Cas a once over. “The way he was acting, I was expecting more of a Dr. Sexy M.D. type.”
Jack winked at him, awkwardly, and continued after Dean. Cas watched him fondly as he exited the room with Miracle trotting along behind him. Reaching back into his coat, he wrapped his fingers around the ring box and smiled. For the first time in his life, he was certain of what he wanted, and he couldn’t be happier.
“He doesn’t need to be involved,” Dean groaned. “I’ve put him through enough. Besides, like I said, it’s all good,” he sniffled a little. “Um, hey what do you say we grab some takeout for lunch today? I was thinking…”
“Right, now promise you won’t tell Cas about the surprise. If he asks, just say I called to check up on you and to say I love you.”
Cas turned his attention away from Dean’s mouth, and returned to making eye contact. There was confusion in his expression because Dean never used his full name. Even in the beginning, it was always just Cas.
“Yeah, definitely,” Dean sighed. “Of course, that brings us back to the Sam thing. If he’s gonna be there…”
“Dean, do you really think Cas is going to care? He’s just going to enjoy being with you. Besides, if you like something, Cas typically likes it too. Now, come here,” Sam motioned for his brother to join him in the middle of the floor.
“Trust me, I have. Could you just...look, I don’t really want to talk about this right now. Like I said, I’ve got a lot on my mind.”
Finally lifting his head, Cas reached over and caressed the side of Dean’s face. It was smooth, freshly-shaven, and Cas wanted nothing more than to have his partner pull over so that he could cover it with kisses. They had reservations for dinner, though, so that would have to wait. So, instead, he simply leaned to press his lips to the other man’s shoulder before returning to his sitting position.
“You need time to process. That’s ok,” Cas’s hand ran up Dean’s arm to his shoulder where he squeezed gently; the smoothness of his voice elicited a shiver down Dean’s spine.“You don’t have to come with me if you don’t want to.”
“Hey Dean!” Dean turned his head to find Sammy running towards him, waiving a bundle of brochures. “Look at all this stuff the debate team gave me.”
Sam and Dean returned home to a surprising sight that afternoon. Their father was not only conscious, but he was sober and experimenting with something in the kitchen. A cookbook and an array of ingredients were laid out before him. Dean had never seen his dad make much of anything but frozen meals since their mom died, so naturally he was in disbelief. His jaw nearly dropped when John smiled at them both and motioned for them to join him. The boys dropped their bags by the door, and hesitantly approached. Noticing their reactions, their dad laughed.
“Will you two be quiet?” Sam leaned over the edge of his bunk to see Dean on top of Cas, the other boy struggling to get free as the attack continued; he frowned. “What the hell is going on?”
There was a frustrated strain of swears before the apartment door slammed shut. Dean shivered a little.
“I don’t know,” Sam shrugged. “I made a little sign for Eileen, and she seemed to love it. It’s a nice gesture.”
“What do you mean?” Cas scrunched his eyebrows and gave Dean his usual confused head tilt (it was rather adorable actually, and no matter how many times he saw it, Dean still couldn’t keep himself from smiling.)
Once everyone was finally satisfied and made their purchases, they set course for the food court for a snack. Dean’s stomach growled in anticipation, but he made the tough decision to seize this opportunity to get away for a heart-to-heart with Cas instead. As they exited the last store, he grabbed the boy’s arm and whispered that he wanted to talk to him about something private. Naturally, Cas was confused, but he nodded.
“Well, this article on the top ten ways to win over your partner for Valentine’s Day says a good place to start is chocolate!” Jack pulled out a piece of paper from his pocket and proudly showed it off to the man.
As if the message had been heard telepathically, Dean’s lips curled up into a smile. The sight warmed Cas’s heart. Unfortunately, the moment was cut short when he heard a faint buzzing noise, a notification on his phone. Sighing, he carefully rolled out of bed, trying his hardest not to disturb Dean or to accidentally step on Miracle who was dozing on floor. Then, he tip-toed to the other side of the room where his coat was hanging on a hook. Removing his mobile device from the pocket, he saw his son’s name highlighted on the screen.
His posture softened a bit at the touch, showcasing just how tense he had been. Still, he tried to maintain the illusion that everything was fine.
“You know, jock types. Most of the people around here are your outspoken activists and nerds like Cas.”
He handed Dean the phone. Dean took it from him, and Cas paused as their hands touched. His palm was sweaty. Noticing this, he laughed awkwardly and wiped it on his pant leg. He wouldn’t meet Dean’s eyes, but he gave him a bashful smile before retreating to check on Jack. Dean had to chuckle even though he clearly would’ve been just as flustered if the roles were reversed.
“Actually, it’s ‘he.’ My boyfriend,” Dean answered, awkwardly (this whole casual coming out thing would never get any easier.)
“No, I just meant…I don’t want to make things difficult for you since we’re together. If you want to say we are just friends to make things easier, I’ll respect your decision.”
If you don’t want to read the confrontation part because it’s uncomfortable, I understand, and you can stop at the line...
Dean didn’t know how to react. He knew Cas wanted him to come to this thing, but he didn’t think he had told anyone else. Not that it really mattered, but the thought of Cas even caring enough to mention him to someone was actually a little endearing.
“I already texted Claire. I haven’t heard back yet. I’m hoping she and Kaia will be willing to waive flags. As for Balthazar, I don’t know. He has a history of calling in sick on half days because he doesn’t like coming in for only a few hours. If he decides to do that on parade day, he’d get in big trouble with the administration for showing up completely healthy to participate with the club. He may decide to come this once, who knows, but I want someone to help carry a banner, and he’s not the most reliable person in the world.”
“I don’t know. I guess I was just worried that if you knew I was hanging out with that group that you would…”
“Chin up, bud. You’ll get there. As for right now, what do you say about us getting some ice cream on the way home?”
“I’m not really sure. For the life of me, I can’t recall the last time we went on an actual date,” the angel admitted, “We mostly just do casual couple things around the bunker or sometimes we will go out with Sam and Dean’s hunter friends.”
“Well, I’m not complaining,” Dean smiled and started playing with the angel’s hair, a sensation that nearly had the angel purring. “Sleepy Cas looks pretty damn cute.”
“Not sure. I told him on Monday that I intended to prove it to him that I was serious about this, but I’m stuck on what to do.”
“Why? Do you think there’s some kind of cursed object? I didn’t read anything unusual in the papers.”
The meeting itself was going smoothly, Dean thought. The turnout was good, fourteen people which exceeded Cas’s goal. Cas made it through his spiel without interruption, and then Charlie took over for the remainder of the program. Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting from her speech, but he definitely wasn’t anticipating it to begin with “wassup bitches?” He nearly choked on his coke. She was certainly eccentric, but she seemed fun. He could see why Castiel thought so highly of her. He could also see how she could be a real pain because as soon as she finished speaking, she rushed over to Cas to kiss his forehead and pinch his cheeks. When his cheeks turned red from embarrassment, she just giggled.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” he bit his lip. “Listen, Bobby, I didn’t really get a chance to say thanks…you know, for not making a big deal out of the whole thing with me and Cas.”
“Same with you,” Dean brought Cas’s hand up to his lips. “Though, I gotta say that what we have now is pretty great.”
Dean gave Sam a confused look at the use of their last name, and Sam just winked. It took him a second before…
“Changed my mind. I decided I’d rather walk with you dorks,” she ruffled his hair. “Glad I did cause everwise I’d miss this,” she motioned between him and Dean. “I’m so happy for you guys!”
“Mr. Novak mentioned a compromise. I was thinking we keep PA under the radar until this blows over? You guys can operate as usual, but we will just try to keep you out of the spotlight.”
Dean noted the sadness in his brother’s eyes, but Sam refused to draw attention to it. Instead, he patted Dean on the back and tried to change the subject.
“I’m sort of busy right now,” Cas told him. “I’m with my friend,” he motioned towards Dean. “Can you say hello?”
“Like I said, it’s on your terms. Do what you need to do. But I do hope you consider coming with us.”
“It was definitely better than my previous experiences,” Cas paused, “Although, I preferred our time together in the hallway.”
“That’s Crowley,” Dean finally said once he realized the guy wasn’t going to say anything unprompted. “He’s not a student, so I’m not entirely sure why he’s here.”
Dean didn’t answer. He merely kept driving until they reached a clearing. Up ahead was a small lake. Cas looked to Dean again for an explanation, but instead, his partner hopped out of the car and opened the backdoor to retrieve the cooler, the blanket, and something else from the floor that the angel couldn’t quite make out. Then, he swung around to Cas’s side and knocked on the window.
“Hi Eileen. I have some people I want to introduce to you,” Sam motioned to the two boys that accompanied him. “This is my older brother, Dean, and this is his partner, Castiel.”
Dean did not answer. Cas’s words were so simple, yet he had never felt as loved as he did in that moment. He thought of the sad little kid he used to be, and was immediately overwhelmed with pride for how far he had come as well as with appreciation for the amazing person next to him that he had somehow gotten to fall in love with him despite his trauma. This was a moment he never thought could happen, and he could barely contain himself. Tears began to well in his eyes, and fuck it, he didn’t bother to fight them. Castiel held him close as he cried.
“Alright, go before you piss yourself,” Dean turned Cas towards the door which they both now realized was shut.
“Hey,” Dean stood up and walked over to meet his brother on the porch. “Thanks for watching Miracle while I run some errands.”
“Well, he didn’t technically say no because I didn’t actually ask him to the dance,” Dean admitted, “I did talk to him though, and he’s not sure about the whole thing-about us being a couple, I mean.”
“So, what looks good?” Dean opened up the menu and scanned the items, his eyes bright like a little boy in a candy shop. “Ooo, they’ve got shrimp cocktails.”
“No way, Dude. You shouldn’t have to spend the night on the floor in your own house. We appreciate the offer, but…”
“Huh?” Cas blinked a few times to ground himself before addressing the man. “Oh, our apologies,” he grabbed Jack’s arm and pulled him away from the door.
“You might be dehydrated. We’ll get you some water as soon as we get home. But...wait,” Gabriel hadn’t noticed earlier, but his brother’s eyes were raw. “Cas, were you crying?”
Jack stayed behind to research restaurants on Cas’s phone. There were a few nice ones around, but considering Lebanon was in the middle of nowhere, it would take a bit of driving to get to any of them. He assumed that Dean wouldn’t mind, considering he loved taking Baby out for rides. One place- a nice steakhouse- seemed promising. As he scrolled through the menu, the screen suddenly lit up with Dean’s name. Looking up, he could see that his father was at the other end of the store now. Jack could run over there, but the call could go to voicemail before he made it, and a missed call would have Dean worried. Of course, he could teleport, but that would freak out the other humans in the store. Shrugging, he hit “accept.”
“Dad, I like the way I feel when I’m with Cas,” Dean felt some tears drip down his face, but he remained firm in his speech. “He makes me feel safe, accepted….wanted.”
Dean wasn’t exactly sure why he was prying, although it certainly had nothing to do with finding out if Castiel was single...definitely not...
“You’ve never told us that,” Sam said. “About you both liking Zeppelin, yes, but not the first date.”
“You don’t need to worry about me. I’ll be fine,” as they pulled apart, Dean gave a solemn smile. “I AM fine.”
I know I said I would have this up yesterday, and sadly I didn't get it finished and edited on time. But here it is. To make it up to you all, I've decided to do another chapter following this one that dives into Cas's thoughts about possibly becoming human permanently as well as the two of them talking to Sam and Jack in the morning.
Dean groaned and reached down to pet Miracle who was dozing in her dog bed near his feet. She didn’t wake, but her tail wagged.
“Stop messing with it. Here,” Sam grabbed his brother’s hands which were shaking terribly and pulled them away so that he could undo the knot and start over. “What’s going on? You seem really flustered.”
"You're right. I'm much more fun. I'm here to make sure people don't fall asleep during one of Cas's boring speeches."
“It’s fine,” he shrugged. “Anyway, I have one other brother, Lucius, Jack’s father, but we don’t really speak either because he's been in prison. I think he knew though because he used to taunt me about potentially being gay as a kid.”
“I figured as much,” Cas replied, plainly, “but the point is that someday you might want to. Most guys do, and I don’t think I’ll be able to give you that.”
“Are you feeling ok? You don’t usually fall asleep,” there was a touch of concern in the other man’s voice.
In lieu of words, Cas just laughed and kissed his nose. At that precise moment, Sam decided to snap a picture on his phone. The camera sound alerted Cas who pulled away, embarrassed but happier than Dean had ever seen him. Sam grinned at them both.
Dean wanted to retort the statement, but Sam had a point. He had always been a man of action and not so much a man of words.
“I know,” Dean tried his best to sweep away the painful memories Sam was eliciting and compose himself. “He’s a bigoted asshole who is probably going to kick my ass, but it’s a risk I have to take.”
Sam nodded, and the two of them sat in silence until they got home. Dean felt bad for being so snippy with his brother, but he hadn’t figured out what he wanted to say yet, and Sam’s questions felt so pointed. They weren’t really because it was unlikely that Sam would know about the lies, but Dean couldn’t stop his own guilt from transforming his comments into a personal attack. He was insecure and scared, and Sammy didn’t deserve to be treated so poorly when he was only trying to make conversation. Dean should really apologize.
As they ate, conversation was light. Michael asked some general questions about how Sam and Dean slept, what the plans for the day were, and how they were feeling about everything now that they had time to process a little. He didn’t seem suspicious at all, so Dean assumed he didn’t know about the door thing or how he and Cas had spent the night together. That was a relief. Other than that, though, everyone was too focused on eating to talk. And afterwards, they all dispersed to different areas of the house, leaving the three boys alone.
“Do you ever think about what life would’ve been like if we had gotten together sooner?” Dean leaned back onto the blanket, and Cas followed his lead, their hands still clasped.
They walked in silence for awhile before conversing briefly about the club and Cas’s role as president. He explained that Pride Alliance was actually something he had started with his best friend, Charlie, when they were freshman after she had been bullied throughout middle school for being a lesbian. At the time, Cas wasn’t out of the closet, but he was a fierce ally to his friend, and wanted a place where she could feel safe and validated. He would eventually come out a few months later, but it took him awhile to feel comfortable talking about his identity (he still struggled with it, especially since discovering later on that he was on the asexual spectrum with a romantic inclination towards men, but he wasn’t ready to share that part with Dean just yet). Initially, the club only had two members other than him and Charlie, but attendance had grown steadily in the three years since its establishment, and Cas was quite proud of that. During the last semester, they had twelve people, and he was hoping for thirteen or more this time around.
“Alright Winchesters. Who’s ready to eat?” Sam eventually broke up the hug and motioned for everyone to grab a plate and start filling it with food.
Much to Dean’s dismay, Penny’s was only the first stop for the afternoon. The group tried a couple of other stores as well to get an idea of their options, so he was forced to try on multiple variations of the same outfit to appease them. Sam had tried to get him to model some other colors, but he was set on the grey.
Back in the Impala, Dean sat staring at the open box, the honeybee ring shining back at him. It was beautiful and so...well, so Cas. A huge smile spread across Dean's face. He couldn't wait for Valentine's Day.
They were the first to arrive from the dinner crew since Dean had managed to miss nearly all the red lights, so they decided to just wait inside for the others. As soon as they entered the gym, Sam spotted his date talking to some of the debate team members by the punch bowl. Dean had never met Eileen in person, but he had seen photos and heard plenty of stories about her from his brother. Any other day, he could probably pick her out in a crowd, but the Eileen that was there at the dance looked much different than expected. Based on Sam’s descriptions, she was your typical tomboy. She was headstrong, loved the outdoors, enjoyed sports, and didn’t wear a lot of hyper-feminine clothing. She usually had her hair up in a tight ponytail to keep it out of her face, and didn’t wear a ton of makeup. However, that night she was dressed in a medium-length lavender gown with patterns of lace along the neckline and shoulders. She also had on silver high-heeled shoes, earrings, and eyeshadow with some glitter (nothing too drastic but enough to make her eyes pop). Her hair was then braided behind her back. Dean had to admit, she looked good. Classy, but still playful and fun. Overall, she was very pretty. Way outta Sammy’s league, though, so his brother better treat her right. If he didn’t, Dean would have to kick his ass. Though, if Eileen really was as tough as Sam said she was, she’d probably kick it herself.
“So,” Cas tapped his fingers on the countertop, not entirely sure how to address what was on his mind.
“It may be hard to understand initially, but there’s really no difference between what I have with Cas and what you had with mom.”
After finishing their meals, Cas and Dean shared a strawberry milkshake while Sam had some sort of yogurt parfait. They enjoyed their desserts, left some money on the table (including a generous tip for their waitress who, despite the bustle of the evening, always seemed to keep their drinks filled), and climbed back into the Impala to head for the school.
I made a few edits because it occurred to me that I left out Miracle. She needs to be a part of the celebration too.
“Goodbye, Sam. I look forward to seeing you again when we have more time to get to know one other,” Castiel said.
Caught off guard, Castiel jumped a little at the contact. He turned to face Dean, a puzzled look on his face.
Gabriel and Jack joined in the hug. Dean watched them both in admiration and with envy. See, this is what he had dreamed would happen for him. A loving family, despite everything. He knew that was a lot to expect from John, but a willingness to listen and some level of patience could’ve set them on a better track. It would still be challenging, but eventually things would have been ok. Instead, he walked out. He turned his back on them, and even if he did return, Dean wasn’t sure if he’d ever be able to forgive him. The asshole essentially took his heart and tore it into pieces, and that was not something he could easily forget.
I strained to push my thoughts aside and concentrate on Lisa, who was telling me about her son's first day at school, which had been anything but smooth due to his father's behavior.
If you looked closely, you could see most of a person's character traits just by a quick glance. If their eyes were shining while they were talking, they were usually open and passionate, enjoying sharing their lives with others. If, instead, they preferred to sip their hot drink and soak up every word of a story, they were an attentive listener, paying attention to small details and memorizing quite a bit.
Satisfied, I first pulled a black t-shirt over my head before slipping into the black and red plaid flannel shirt that was literally crying out for an iron despite the few wrinkles. After I also had put on a pair of dark jeans, my hair was almost completely dry.
