But with half the world taken in an instant, a rapture of sorts, they couldn’t reach anyone. They were what was left. They were the last line of defense.
And he hadn’t. Just because he’d spoken to General Ross was no guarantee that the Superhero Registration Act wouldn’t come into being.
Tony barely controlled his flinch. He didn’t like to remember Bucky being at the mercy of those assholes. Or Bucky being the one who’d shot Fury in the first place.
“Seriously Steve, let me go in. I swear, I can do this.” Tony wasn’t sure why this felt so important but he knew it was. He needed Steve to trust him with this. Trust that Tony wouldn’t fuck it up.
Natasha’s eyes narrowed. “A little pre-warning might have been welcome,” she said, voice mild. She was obviously planning his painful torture and death.
Thor shook his head. “My brother can be stubborn, but he is correct. The reason for our peril lies at his feet. He must pay the price.” He looked devastated at his own words.
Thor bounced on the balls of his feet. “I do not wish to hurt you, Bucky.” His eyes were merry with the light of battle.
“Yes,” Crowley agreed, “However, some things still have to be part of the soul’s free will. The choice cannot be mine.” He looked frustrated and a little peeved. Tony thought that Crowley
Steve was usually pretty clueless to modern emotional cues having been frozen solid for so long, but Bucky saw right through him. It had taken Tony by surprise. And then intrigued him.
about that stupid ‘language’ thing?” Steve really wanted to pout because that joke had become so old it was geriatric.
Natasha ran a hand over his hair. “What is Purgatory then?” she asked, watchful eyes on the Winchesters.
“Babe, we’re the most fucking special of them all,” Tony assured him. “That’s why we’re handling this. Why we’re the only ones who
He pushed Tony into the elevator. Bucky leaned against the closed elevator door so that Tony couldn’t leave again.
I have no idea how my brain works. This is just a monster that will not end. I think my brain is in love with these guys & wants to keep them around.
Pepper put a hand over her mouth. “I think I’m going to vomit,” she said. “It’s too early for this number of gag-inducing displays.”
“Makes sense,” Tony admitted. “Leader of the free world, and all.” He looked at Rhodey. “Be careful,” he warned. “We don’t know what powers Set has given his minions.”
Which…. He turned his head and looked to where Bruce and Natasha sat, heads together and whispering things to each other. “Huh.” He grinned.
“No, you aren’t.” Bruce’s voice was very mild. “You’re an idiot, an ego-maniac and a lunatic, but you’re not selfish.”
Tony nodded to him. “I’m glad that you asked, Your Majesty. I developed the basics when I was at MIT. I had a few issues that I thought needed addressing. I didn’t like head doctors. Felt I was smarter than them. Usually was, but that wasn’t the point. I wanted to see my parents one more time. Wanted to say goodbye properly.”
Coulson and Thor took the center chairs, opposite one another. “Who would like to begin?” Coulson asked.
Tony tied the middle button of his charcoal suit jacket. “Watch me,” he said, striding into the General Assembly room as though he owned it. “I’m Tony Fucking Stark.”
“I wasn’t insulting Tony or you, Steve,” Pepper said, pulling several wads of paperwork out of a Mary Poppins-like briefcase. “I just meant I thought you only liked women.” She kept her tone mild and Tony recognized her ‘let’s keep Tony under control’ voice.
Agent Coulson strode in, followed by a guy with spiky hair, a crossbow in his hand and a quiver slung across his back, and a red-headed woman who looked like she could murder you with her pinky finger.
Bruce glanced over at him. “About?” Wind had left about half an hour ago, declaring his intent to explore this new realm.
“In case you missed it, I didn't run away screaming when you kissed me.” Tony thought that had been pretty clear.
Thor took a deep breath. “The Warriors Three bore his casket with them when they crossed from Asgard to Midgard.”
“We’re not fucking robots that obey commands!” Sam snapped, angry at Steve for the first time that Steve could remember “We made our choice.”
Rhodes took a sip of his coffee, watching Steve. “And what is Tony then to you?” he asked. “What is the team?”
Loki stood up, backing away with his hands in front of him. “I don’t want some trollop rummaging around in my head!” he stated.
Steve watched Bucky calm Tony down. He remembered Bucky doing the same thing for him back when he’d been a scrawny little runt who picked fights with bullies and had his ass handed to him. Seeing Bucky being the rock for Tony made something in him go cold.
“Hence the Tesseract, the Aether, the Eye, the Orb,” Thor agreed. “And our friend of vibranium over there.” He smiled at Vision who inclined his head.
“Hey!” Steve protested, blushing a little. “Standing right here, assholes.” Tony noticed that he didn’t move away though. Baby steps, he thought.
The burning on his eyelids had Tony blinking awake. “Who opened the blinds, my girl Friday?” he asked, rolling over and shoving his face into his pillow.
to kiss him on purpose and not by accident. “How about I give you blanket permission for the foreseeable future that you can kiss me whenever and wherever you like?” He shook his head when Steve opened his mouth. “With the proviso that I can recant said permission at any time.”
Bucky took another few steps, still cautious, until he could put his hand in Tony’s. “He isn’t kidding, Stark. Steve is an all or nothing kinda guy. You take him, you keep him.”
“Perhaps that is because Sir has not been receptive to anything of any substance since your break up with Ms. Potts,” JARVIS suggested.
Steve shook his head. “You’re a fucking trial, Stark.” His answering smile gave Tony hope. Maybe he hadn’t fucked things up beyond all redemption.
“That’s their job,” Clint said, nodding at Bucky and Steve. “Mine is to annoy you as much as possible.”
Swinging Mjolnir once more, smiling again, Thor was enveloped in the radiant light of the Bifröst and vanished.
She slapped a key tied to a wooden....key into his hand. Tony grinned at the delicious irony. “Room number four. No noise.” She pointed to a rickety looking door to the left.
“Then you need to be policed like they should be.” Ross sounded so fucking sure of himself. It made Tony want to hurl.
So again - I'm sorry I'm so slack but real life is crazy. Retail in November is not fun. Also I have been freaking out about my Big Bang posting on Friday so there's that. Thanks for your patience.
“By doing me the courtesy of believing me when I tell you that you’re pretty fucking fantastic yourself.”
Tony nodded. “He made some noise about a visit. He hasn’t given a shit for two months so I’m guessing he just wants to check up on me. Make sure I’m not drinking myself into an early grave without the distraction of being Iron Man.” He looked at Jim apologetically. “There’s no way he didn’t hear you.”
Clint hadn’t taken his eyes off Laura. “Hi honey, I’m home.” He smiled a little, a sick, terrified thing that made Tony’s stomach hurt.
He propped his head on his hands as he waited for Bucky to move. The first touch of lips at the base of his spine took him by surprise. He was wound tighter than any coil he’d ever built.
“When I took over, I started doing things a little differently,” Crowley said as he continued walking. “I cleaned up the riff-raff and made eternal torment less blood, and more deadly boredom.” He sounded extremely proud of himself.
Pepper rubbed at her eyes. “You are a constant trial, Anthony Edward Stark.” Her shoulders slumped. “Dammit.”
“I’m not giving Steve up,” Bucky said. “Not now that I’ve finally got him. I’m just saying that I’m willing to share. If you’re interested.” He said it so simply, as though time-sharing a person was a thing that everyone did.
“My friend is missing, Captain. I’m not really in a trusting kind of mood.” Rhodey kept his eyes on Bucky.
“It would have made no difference to the mission,” Strange said. “It would merely have made you and your friends afraid.”
“You’re allergic,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. reminded him, but there was the slightest grin in her voice. Tony gave himself a mental pat on the back. He was the best AI dad ever.
Huh, Steve thought, that was a new one. Not new as in Natasha and Bruce, but new as in...how to stop a Hulk.
“Or I can get one of my friends to remove it from your mind forcibly.” Tony didn’t dare look at Xavier and Richards. Neither of them were the sort to make threats. Tony knew that sometimes, however, the only way to fight violence or hatred was with violence and hatred.
It was, of course, entirely apparent what they had been doing, what with the red lips, rapid breathing and misshapen pants.
“While this is very interesting, I don’t see what this has to do with the cult of Set that has sprung up on earth under our noses.” Fury sounded like he was crushing glass.
Steve finally sat back after several, increasingly annoyed, requests from Bruce. He didn’t want to let Tony go. It felt like that he might drop back down on that bed again, cold as ice and gone forever.
It wasn’t the time for Fury’s games, Steve thought as he turned back to Thor. “So, Jörmungandr? What does that have to do with Loki?”
Steve grinned, pressing a kiss to Bucky’s soft mouth. “I’m the team leader,” he explained. “It’s kinda my job.”
Tony was staggered. He needed to sit down. But chairs weren’t exactly in much supply here. “He likes me?”
betrayed him, Steve.” Steve lifted his head to look at Sam who was watching from the doorway. “It wasn’t a one-man army out there on the runway.”
Lucifer shed his human appearance, unfolding his wings and standing about twelve feet tall. “You dare to challenge a son of God?” The words thrummed through Tony like his body was a cymbal.
Loki hit the back wall of the room as Wanda strolled nearer. “Stay back!” It was like watching a cat in a trap.
That was all it took. Cooper launched himself into Clint’s arms with Lila not far behind. Snot and tears and angry shouting reigned for the next few minutes. Tony saw Laura’s hand cover her mouth as she tried to control her own emotions.
“Which is why I called them,” Clint said. “As soon as the word ‘demon’ cropped up, I thought of them.” He took a breath when Nat touched his arm. “We have no fucking idea what we’re doing.”
“You don’t believe me?” Tony stopped his work, abruptly astonished. “How can Bruce believe me and you don’t?”
Steve was too impatient to wait for the king to come to them, so he requested an audience as quickly as possible. Fighting jet-lag, T’Challa agreed to see Steve almost immediately.
I'm getting into the groove here. Starting over with these 3 is harder than I thought. Thanks for the love.
Bucky nodded once. “I’ll see you at the Capitol in the morning,” he said, as though it was already decided. He headed for the door.
“I didn’t listen to him.” Steve rubbed at his chest, a phantom pain as he remembered his friend’s anguished face. “I didn’t trust him.”
“Her magic must have done that,” Natasha said, looking down at Wanda’s body. “She didn’t bargain on you, Barnes.”
Steve smiled down at him, rubbing his thumb slowly around Tony’s hole. “I kinda got that part, Tony.”
He looked at Steve. “How about this, when it’s done, regardless of the outcome, I’ll tell you about it?” It was as good a compromise as he was willing to give.
Buck knew. He could see Steve’s face.  He’d known Steve forever. “How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.” He shook his head. “Gonna miss you, buddy.”
So, this is starting to get interesting. I promise our boys will be together soon. There may be tears. Thanks for sticking with my crazy. I love seeing the conversations in the comments. You're helping the plot too :D
Vision stepped around Thor, a cylinder in his hands. “I believe this is what you are looking for.” He handed it to Tony as the room detonated into shouting.
Steve nodded. “That’s something else that Fury will have to answer for.” He stood up, tugging her to her feet. “I think that after today, after the things Tony has done, that people like you and Bruce and Vision will be safer.” He pulled her carefully into his arms. “Tony was on our side all this time. I betrayed him and he still went to bat for us.”
“”You still think we need to be held accountable by someone.” Steve watched him, this regal man who protected his people and those he considered vulnerable with the ferocity of a pride of lions.
Everyone stared at him. Including Thor. “You have wielded my hammer?” Thor asked. Tony really wished that his brain was wired differently sometimes. He barely stopped his snicker by pretending to have a coughing fit.
“That wasn’t a question.” The thing behind the voice stepped forward, lit up from the blood-dark fires of Hell. He, and it was unquestionably a ‘he’, smiled. “Welcome to my humble abode.”
Tony sighed. “How can a boy refuse an invitation like that?” He stepped through the portal without looking back. Steve and Sam exchanged glances and hurried after him. The rest of the team, including Bucky, followed.
He made his way to the living room about ten minutes later. He’d pulled on a pair of soft cotton lounging pajamas that Rhodey had given him as a gag gift one year. Tony
“He said something about red in his ledger,” Vision said. Steve didn’t miss the slight flinches from both Natasha and Clint.
Tony reached out a finger to touch the object. “Don’t,” Thor barked, grabbing Tony’s wrist. “We don’t know its origins.”
Tony closed his eyes. “Well, that’s poetic, I guess.” He blacked out before they’d even left the mansion.
It looked like there were several snakes entwined around each other. Each snake’s head had different colored eyes. It gave Tony the heebie-jeebies, alternating with ‘ooh, shiny!’
“It is,” Steve agreed. Sam and Rhodey weren’t even pretending not to listen. Tony watched Steve’s face. There was some kind of inner struggle going on there. Tony had learned to read Steve’s face. It was pretty easy if you were a certified genius who’d spent most of his life trying to be someone you weren’t.
“We really aren’t.” Clint pushed past Sam into the room, flopping down next to Natasha. “I wonder if we ever were.”
Thor stood and started pacing. “What you are suggesting is that despite the stones being placed in vessels of protection and scattered to the far corners of the universe, they are unsafe?”
They walked towards a huge chamber filled with pods. Tony swallowed the bile rising in his throat. “Anyone alive in here, FRIDAY?” he asked.
Steve had decided to put all his personal feelings aside when it came to Tony and Bucky’s relationship. Whatever was going to happen between them didn’t change what Steve felt for both of them. Keeping their friendship was the most important thing. Everything else was secondary.
“It includes everyone I know,” Tony declared, pointing at Loki. “Consider it a blanket ‘Keep Off the Grass’ sign.”
“I’ve already apologized,” Steve said, thinking of the small, outdated phone that he’d shoved at the back of his cupboard. “He’s given me his answer.”
“We just managed to get rid of Hydra,” Tony said. “We’re not going to exchange it for another version of the Aryan race. Humans aren’t the superior species anymore.”
“I pity Katniss more and more every day, Bartowksi,” Tony said, dropping his head onto Bruce’s shoulder. “Bruce my goose, guess what?”
Bruce smiled, his eyes shadowed. “The feeling is completely mutual, Dr. Stark.” He turned to face the General Assembly. “Tony Stark asked me to come here to speak to you about what happened to me. What Thaddeus Ross did to me. There are not many people in this world that I trust. This man is one of them.” He nodded towards Tony.
Natasha pressed the button for the lift and she, Bruce and Clint vanished to their respective floors, dragging Sam and Rhodey with them.
Bruce moved to take Tony’s place on the podium. “Ladies and gentlemen, if I could ask you to turn to page twenty of the dossier in front of you, I’ll talk you through the time that Ross hunted me like an animal and basically turned the Hulk loose on the world with no care of people’s safety.”
“Your child is the monster that destroys our world?” Thor looked like the natural phenomenon he was named after, eyes dark with anger.
“He’s not in danger from me, Stevie.” Bucky’s voice crackled over the comm. “He does have Ms. Potts sitting here with him and, swear to god, she’s more terrifying than Red Skull.”
Steve only realized that Bucky was missing when they’d been in the air for a few minutes. He stood up so quickly his head buzzed a little. “Buck?” he called, despite the fact that there wasn’t exactly a place for anyone to hide on the stripped down plane.
Bucky nodded. “Still just flashes, but I’m getting an idea of who we were back then.” He smiled at Steve, open and beautiful.
Tony turned the page over. “That’s it.” His eyes were a little wild. “Just yank out the arc reactor, and plug in the Power Stone, and Bob’s your uncle?”
Tony leaves his bed & goes to science. Steve leaves his bed & goes to deal with Thor & Loki having a breakdown. Reality bites.
“I have no idea what is going on but there had better be a plan in the next five minutes,” Pepper said.
“Natasha nodded.” He’s going to play ostrich. Stick his head in the sand and hope that we eventually go away.”
Tony held on, arms just as tight around her as hers around him. “I was born to be a hero, baby,” he whispered into her hair. “I’m probably going to do that sort of thing a lot in the future.”
Tony grinned, mentally rubbing his palms together. This scenario had never been part of that original meeting.
Bucky literally melted into Tony at the endearment. He shoved his face into Tony’s neck with a soft sound.
Worryingly, the closer they got to the trees, the faster the monsters stopped attacking. “I’m guessing that if the ravening hoards are worried about what’s back there, then we should be too?” Tony raised an eyebrow as Tall, Hairy and Ugly took a step away from him. “Et tu, Butt-Ugly?” he asked.
Steve’s nostrils flared. “You’re a very stubborn man,” he said eventually. But he reached around and tucked his fingers into Tony’s waist-band.
Steve hated that it hurt. Before Bucky, Tony would have… He stopped that train of thought. He wasn’t going to take it this way. He was a big boy and the reality was that not everyone felt the same way about everyone else.
Clint waved his apology away. “Don’t worry, Thor. At least we can contact Fury from there.” He started walking and they all followed him.
Tony looked down at his feet. This wasn’t the appropriate time for a ‘that’s what he said’ comment. See, he totally knew self-restraint.
Tony put a cautious hand on Thor's shoulder. “I'm sorry.” They'd been told of Frigga's death. Tony had been the one to hold Thor in his arms while he shook in sorrow. He knew what it felt like to lose a mother to violence.
The arch glance beneath almost-flirty eyelashes had Tony stopping. “None of them are yours,” he rasped. “I don’t care what you think is going to happen, but
“Man, I’m not sure I’d want them to be my friends,” Sam admitted. “I mean, that’s not what friends…”
“Thor said that Jane found this out at White Sands,” Bruce explained. “We’re trying to figure out what it is.”
Thor stalked up to Loki. “Traitor!” he bellowed, thumping Loki through a wall with the force of his blow.
“Perhaps I used the incorrect expression,” Peggy said with a frown. “I meant that your physical heart cannot function any longer due to the poison from the Jotun shape-shifter. I can make some repairs that will keep you alive and with our captain, if you wish?”
“I’m thinking that if we destroy one of the stones then Thanos can’t get the Gauntlet to do what he wants.” Tony looked around the room expectantly.
Tony narrowed his gaze. Well, that was just a red flag to a bull, wasn’t it? Time to bring out the big guns. “Bucky Barnes turned up at my place two weeks ago.”
“Do you want to see what Thor’s daddy sent me?” Tony asked, sitting beside him on their bed. He held the box out to Steve.
“Can you please stop with the theatrics?” Tony was done. “We’d really like to go ahead with saving the world.”
“Yeah, that’s really comforting,” Tony told him, desperately trying not to imagine the squishy things beneath his feet.
“Remember when I said magic isn’t mathematics?” Strange asked. Tony made an impatient ‘carry on’ gesture. “Mathematics however, in Jotunheim,
They moved to either side of him, warm palms touching his hands, heat bleeding into his frozen flesh.
Tony wanted to scream. “We haven’t saved the world multiple times only to roll over and kill one of our own because we’re out of ideas!”
Steve nodded. “I keep saying shit that gets me into trouble.” He smiled. “Tony’s been great about keeping me up to date with things.” Tony had been a godsend. Everyone else tried to keep him ignorant. Tony had refused to toe that party line.
Sam just rolled his eyes, looking terrified. Steve really had lost control of the entire situation. Bruce was no help. He’d closed his eyes, put his earphones in, and was ignoring the circus raging around him.
“Better at being an actual human being,” Rhodey shot back. “Tony, I love you like a brother from another mother, but you have issues on top of your issues and it gets a little tiring sometimes.”
Natasha nodded, nibbling on the corner of a Pop Tart. “He’s like a cockroach,” she agreed. “Would survive a nuclear disaster.”
Natasha stepped forward. “Pepper, this has already gone on too long. We need to get the past year, the bad choices, and the losses out of the way as soon as possible. The wounds have been festering. They need to be lanced and cleaned.”
“Because it’s the right thing to do,” Tony said. He thought that maybe this was some kind of test. “It’s home to my friend and his family.”
“Of what?” Bucky asked, completely ignoring everyone else. Steve thought perhaps he was the only one who was even remotely uncomfortable with this display. Everyone else on the Avengers clearly spent too much time watching daytime tv. They were all avidly watching Tony and Bucky.
“Because of Howard.” Steve watched Tony. “You’ve never felt worthy to be his son. But Tony, you are so much more than Howard could ever have been. Look at the things you have done.”
“You are speaking of me?” Thor’s voice boomed down the line starting an echoing feedback that made them all cringe.
The Mind Stone shone once more, projecting a scene in a laboratory. Bruce was sitting in a chair, several wires strapped to his chest, a large pair of glasses perched on his nose, and a metal circle wrapped around his head.
Bucky nodded. “I know.” He rotated his neck on his shoulders with a grimace. “It’s just - I get a little paranoid when he’s out of sight.”
“Hey, hey now!” Tony protested. “The phone works both ways, remember,” forgetting that he was basically calling himself a bad friend.
Tony tried to glare. “Fuck you.” He whined when Bucky pushed a finger into him alongside his tongue.
“Seriously?” Bucky glared at Steve. “All that talk about working together, and being on the same page, and you two can’t even fucking look at each other?”
It was more. Much more. And Steve had been lying to Tony for months now. By omission yes, but still lying. He wondered if he’d ever get the chance to talk to Tony about Bucky and his parents without it descending into a fight that he had no chance of winning.
“I am not being…cagey.” Steve wondered if Thor knew what that meant. “I’m being honest.” Okay, so maybe he did.
Which as quandaries go, wasn’t actually a quandary per se. It was more of a situation. A situational situation if you will.
Tony watched Steve’s face and realized that he might have over-reacted a little. “Buck.” Steve was pale. “I just meant…I wanted…want you to be happy.”
“Stick around, Winchester,” Bucky said. “When Banner and Tony get their geek on, it’s a whole other level of what the fuck.”
“Well…” Bruce said, squaring his shoulders a little. “I maybe, perhaps, sorta already know where it is?”
Tony looked up, frowning. “That thing, that assassin, is that your friend?” Alarm bells started going off in the bunker and they started running. “Never mind, we can talk about that later. Let’s try not to get killed first, okay?”
“We are too trusting,” Thor admitted. “I should have known when my ‘father’ offered me the throne that something was not right.”
He hadn't wanted, or needed it, but Dean Winchester had merely shrugged and told him he'd scrap it if nobody bought it. Tony couldn't let that happen. This baby had been too well-loved to desert in her hour of need.
Loki’s gaze swung to Bucky, gleaming with an interest that made Steve’s hackles rise. “Oh, hello there, you’re new.”
“If you were any better then I’d have to ask the Pope to start the process for sainthood,” Tony joked but his eyes stung. “It doesn’t feel real.”
Tony thought that was a very bad idea. “Uh, not to rain on your parade, Lightning Rod, but the last time you saw your brother he was your father and you got punked.”
“Oof!” He was suddenly flat on the ground looking up into the burning emerald eyes of a pissed-off Hulk. “Hey, big guy?” he squeaked, waving a hand. “What's happening?”
“How quickly is Jörmungandr moving?” Tony asked with his head bent over his tablet, Bruce hovering over his shoulder.
“Remember that meeting I had earlier?” Tony rubbed at his yes. “Well, it was with Thaddeus Ross. I thought I’d managed to put out a wildfire.”
“Oh!” Clint exclaimed. “Barnes is walking away. He looks pissed!” He leaned forward, almost falling out of the window. “Wait!”
“It was just a little fungus!” Tony protested. “I didn’t expect the thing from the Black Lagoon to grow.”
Thor looked at him. “I have been with my family for the past age.” His face was somber. It didn’t look right. “It was too painful for me to remain here with you all.”
“We shall grieve in the manner of old,” Thor declared, clearly at a loss on how to deal with this. It was always difficult for him to see the darkness, Tony thought, when he was a being made of light.
He tucked his hand through her arm, guiding her towards the mansion, Barnes at their heels. Happy honked the horn once as he drove off. “You’re not the boss of me anymore, remember?”
Tony actually rolled his eyes then. “Goddamn, fucking asshole, omniscient, wannabe fuck-with-my-head…” He wanted to kick something.
He didn’t wait for anyone to respond, just headed to the open elevator and viciously punched the button for the lab floor. He looked up to see Steve’s shocked face as he started to follow Tony to the elevator. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.!” Tony snapped. “Now!”
Steve came back, carrying a tray with a carafe of coffee and several cups. Clint had a couple of bowls and some large packets of crisps. “This isn’t a picnic,” Bruce pointed out.
“Friend Furious, you must feast with us and celebrate our victory,” Thor announced, clapping Fury hard enough on his shoulder that he stumbled a few steps forward.
“So you’re saying that we can harness the power of the Mind Stone like that of the Space Stone?” Tony’s mind was darting in about several hundred directions.
“Nobody knows how to work that machine.” Clint pointed at the coffee maker squatting on the counter next to him. “I think you need to be an astronaut.”
“My father, Odin, has requested that I remain in Asgard to learn the affairs of state of a crown prince.” Thor sounded pretty bitter at the thought. “I am forced to assume the throne on my father’s death even though it is nothing I desire in life.”
He put the bottle of water down on his nightstand and turned onto his side, staring out at the endless Malibu night through the wall of glass that made up his window.
He couldn’t stop a soft laugh as Vision and Wanda drifted across the floor, floating several inches above it.
“You need to shut your mouth and listen to me, okay?” Tony’s face was dark with anger. Steve knew that it wasn’t directed at Bucky so he waited.
He shook his head, getting his laughter under control. “No, Natasha, I’m very much not okay. I haven’t been okay for a long time. But somehow, having you all here, under one roof, there’s almost a sense of rightness.” He pushed up and away from the table. “I’m past exhausted, practically delirious, so I’m not going to deal with that just yet. I’m going to get some rest and then start the search for the Soul Stone.”
Vision tipped his head to the side. “I find many of your human interactions most peculiar,” he said.
Vision kept facing outside, silvered by moonlight. “Tony is very special to me. He is the closest thing to a father that I have. I will be most upset if you hurt him again.”
“He never talked about you.” Rhodes put his cup down and leaned back in his chair. “He talked about the others. Natasha, Barton, Banner, even poor, crazy Wanda. But never about you.”
Steve slept without dreaming for the first time since he’d left Tony on a cold bunker floor in Siberia. Perhaps it was because Tony was within reach and very much alive. Perhaps it was because his rag-tag family was together again. Perhaps it was because he knew he was safe.
Rhodes snorted, walking again. “Nothing about any one of you is convenient. Tony made places for you in his home, in his heart. He gave you little pieces of himself so that you wouldn’t leave. And still. You did.”
“Perhaps it has something to do with the fact that his blood carries the power of death,” Strange suggested. “The Cloak of Levitation is a living thing, it would be afraid of death in any form.”
The thought of being sent back to that time … the time where he and Steve were at each other’s throats, where Steve was dead…he felt sick.
“I’m laughing on the inside,” Tony assured him as he stepped carefully on whatever creature was currently acting as the floor.
“Can we please get back to the issue at hand?” Coulson sounded as though he was standing on his last nerve. And it was jabbing him in the gonads.
“I’m not an Avenger,” Bucky broke in. “I didn’t sign up for the gig. I’m a washed up, broken weapon that you put back together with metal and patience.”
“Rock beats scissors.” Natasha’s glare was poisonous as she looked at Bucky. “Lucky guess,” she snarled.
Another set of hydraulic doors and the sudden popping of his ears, told Tony that they were in a pressurized room. There was a large table with about a dozen chairs spread around it.
“Shit. Sorry, you’re right.” He shook his head. “I only developed Ten in…” He stopped when he realized he was being followed. He turned to look at Steve and Bucky. “What do you two want?” He didn’t know what was going on with them, but he needed to get some perspective.
Someone cleared their throat behind Barnes. “Uh, is it okay if we come in?” Steve’s soft question had Barnes spinning and grabbing onto him in an awkward one-armed hug that Steve returned ten-fold. “You’re such a jerk, Buck. You shoulda told me you what you were planning on doing.”
“Colonel Rhodes, I have just ended a decade long relationship with the woman of my dreams, please do not foist me into the arms of another.” Tony lifted his nose snootily.
“Bruce, I’m going to need you with me on this,” Tony said. He shoved Scott towards his console. “Right Lang, tell me everything you remember that asshole Pym told you about the Quantum Realm. High hopes won't help if there's no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise.”
shorter chapter this time around. Real life is still kicking ass & taking names. Thanks for sticking by me - your kudos & kind words give me impetus
Tony glared a death ray into the back of Clint’s head. “I can always turn your current suite into a steam room, Legolas,” he threatened.
“Pfft,” Sam scoffed. “I’m not the one you should worry about.” He looked between Clint and Natasha. “
Sam popped up on the landing pad. “Sorry to break up the party.” He looked around. “Not dissing you, Stark, but this doesn’t look like much of a party.”
Tony took several steps back until he bumped into a beeping DUM-E. “Until today you’ve never given even the slightest indication that you might be interested in men. Let alone me.” His mind raced. “Something isn’t right.”
Bruce put the venom sample in the analysis instrument. Clint and Tony had both been forbidden from naming any Ancient technology. Ever.
“Uh.” Rhodey stumbled over to the door, squeezing past Steve with a wince. “I called Tony. He came for me. He tried to help distract you.”
“Sorry.” Sam sounded suitably reprimanded. “That was incredibly insensitive and remarkably uncool of me.”
Tony knew what Ross had done to Bruce. How he’d hunted him like the biggest game prize on the planet. “Okay.” He kept his voice soft, not wanting to have Bruce relive bad memories.
“It’s a spell,” Sam said. “It will strengthen the Cage so that nothing can get or out for at least the next thousand years.”
“He’ll be here in a minute, passionflower.” Tony grinned at the face Rhodey made at that name. “I often wonder why you and I didn’t hook up.”
Tony felt that squirrelly feeling twist deep inside again. “I didn’t mean to exclude him.” He wanted to
“I’d like it on the record just how much I hate Rhodey.” Tony rolled off the bed, stumbling to the bathroom.
“I am an android, Tony.” Vision’s eyes went soft. “You are always prepared to lie down on the wire to save the world. Can you not permit me to do the same?”
“No.” Rhodes shook his head. “The dumbass should. I’ve cussed you out often enough for him to know how I felt, but he doesn’t hate you.”
Tony groaned as Steve’s hand tightened around his ass cheeks. “You’re an evil fucker, and I will end you.”
Tony noticed the sandwich placed on the bench close to him and he snatched half of it up with a grunt. “I'm eating because I need to keep my blood sugar under control. Not because you're bringing me food,” he said.
“Don’t,” Steve begged. “I feel like I’m cracking apart inside. If you’re kind to me right now, I’m going to shatter into about a million pieces and I don’t think I’ll be able to put myself back together.”
Natasha pushed up again. “What do we do with her?” Her face was smooth, expressionless. This was the Black Widow, the woman who had helped bring down several governments in her time as an asset.
I knew he had an agenda! Bruce is one of my best friends and he’s told me almost everything that fucking nutjob has done. But he was the goddamn Secretary of State and I had no fucking wiggle room!”
“Oh. My. God.” Tony propped his fists on his hips. “You are worse than fucking DUM-E! Fine, come get your feel on.” He held out his arms and the cape whipped back, curving and fluttering around him like a girl with a massive crush.
“Stark’s the one I wronged, Stevie. It had to be done.” Barnes tugged Steve into the kitchen. Pepper, Rhodey and Vision all moved closer to Tony, a visible show of support that he completely appreciated.
“Make sure you have condoms and lube,” Natasha suggested with a disturbing leer. “I don’t think that your virginity is going to last the night.”
Steve hadn’t moved from his spot in front of Loki. Bucky still stood with Rhodey and the others, giving them room. “It’s your call.” Steve spoke very softly as he looked at Loki.
And just like that, Tony’s world tilted. He’d gone from freaked out and passed out, to in a potentially polyamorous relationship in a day.
“I’ve finally realized just who I’m supposed to be.” Jarvis’ rounded British accent made everything he said sound deep and meaningful. It almost always wasn’t.
“Because it’s not relevant,” Tony said. He wriggled around so that he was facing Bucky properly. “It was when the Chitauri attacked New York,” he explained. “The World Security Council kind of wanted to blow New York up. I stopped it.”
“Can you find out, Thor?” Steve asked. “Contact those you know who have the stones. Ask them if they are still in their possession.”
Coulson stood. “Perhaps we should take this back to Avengers Tower,” he suggested. “I think we have presumed on Director Fury long enough.”
“You’re a very weird guy, Stark,” Bucky informed him, stamping on the neck of something that looked like a pterodactyl.
. It seemed right to bold it in his head. The key fitted, wonder of wonders, and actually turned. He swung the door open, keeping back just in case some sort of wildlife had taken up residence.
If Coulson was confused at Tony using his Christian name, then he didn’t say anything. “Director Fury has mentioned a race of aliens that passively observe and record events for those who will come after the universe ends. He calls them the Watchers.”
He scrabbled for the glass of water and chucked half of it down his throat in an effort to banish the monster.
A worrying pattern was forming. The mark of Set was showing up on more and more people. Prominent people who wielded power in many countries.
“What the hell?” Barnes’ voice was a gravelly rasp of pain. Tony felt sympathy surge through him. Having spent some time combing through the Winter Soldier archives, thanks to Fury and Natasha’s revenge on HYDRA, he had some idea of what these poor bastards had been put through.
“I’ve taken the liberty of starting the shower, boss,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “According to our sensors, it’s very advisable.”
It was only then that he realized that he was looking at them all through the slits of the mask, F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s information stream sliding past his gaze.
Tony let his faceplate slide back. “Heyyy!” He patted Hulk's arm. “Me Tony. Me friend. Hulk no hurt.”
Captain America,” Natasha said. “With or without the shield, it is who you are, why the serum worked on you and failed with everyone else.”
“What are you talking about?” Bruce asked. “Tony, your eyes are literally rolling around in your head.”
But that was a time two years in the future. All he could do now was focus on making sure they never got to that point.
Steve and Matilda made their way to the chair control room. Peggy was clearly impatient as she opened access doors and transporters that Steve had never seen before to speed up their progress.
Bruce smiled suddenly. “He said something about the magic not working properly because of his scam.”
Dean’s face was white. “Your boss got over his beef with me,” he spat. “I suggest you do too. I wouldn’t want to have to call in
“So, find this staff, restore Matilda to Loki and let your wizard brother bring Tony back.” Steve ticked off the tasks on his fingers. “Seems simple enough.”
It wasn’t his nature to be passive, but there was a neediness in Bucky’s eyes. Something haunted and desperate that kept Steve’s hands on the bed, clenched in the sheets. “Anything,” Steve rasped, hips stuttering up towards Bucky.
“Thor said he’d take care of that and leave the shavings in the safe back at the tower,” Natasha said.
Tony was in his boxers. He wriggled out of them as he spent a couple of seconds appreciating Bucky helping Steve with his t-shirt. “God, but you’re both so fucking gorgeous,” he breathed, palming his cock.
Strange gave an odd little smile. “It was all for the best,” he said. “I had a lesson to learn and it had to be the hard way.”
“I think so. Strange said he’d go and check on it.” Tony finally extracted himself from Steve and Bucky’s arms. “Down boys!” He grinned at them as he said it, removing the sting.
“No,” Strange replied. “I was in a car accident and the bones on my hands were shattered. It was a surprisingly effective end to my career as a neurosurgeon.”
“There’d better be food left.” Clint came into the kitchen with a slight limp. Sam followed, rubbing at his chest. Natasha brought up the rear, and the smirk on her face told Steve that she was the reason they both looked ragged.
“Gee, when you say it like that, Buck, how could I possibly refuse?” Steve grinned a little, feeling less like an intruder.
When Tony got off at the floor of the living area, he was surprised to find Bruce and Thor staring at something that looked like a really ugly crown. “What’s up, buttercups?” he asked as he strolled nearer.
Thor shrugged apologetically. “I asked Heimdall to bring you to a remote place that had no chance of the demon-kind being around. I didn’t specify.” He sent a sympathetic glance Clint’s way. “I am truly sorry for his blunder, friend Hawk.”
Rhodey ran a hand over his head. “I guarantee that Tony has blocked the trauma so that he can deal with this. But you’re going to have to handle the fall-out after the fact.”
Tony snapped his jaw shut. “What the hell was that?” he squeaked. Growled. A manly growl of squeakiness. He was clearly going mad. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. I think I should get a CT scan. I must have hit my head because I think the Winter Soldier just gave Captain America his approval to kiss Iron Man.”
Steve clung to Bucky. He forgot about how upset and angry he’d felt on finding out that Bucky had gone to Tony. He forgot everything but the here and now.
“They’re playing with catch with Butterfingers and U. DUM-E is putting Nate to sleep.” She sat down beside Pepper.
“It would be pointless to ask the Sorcerer Supreme to relinquish the Time Stone,” Vision said. “His oath to protect it against all will not allow him to do so.”
Thor followed his example. “You are waiting for another vessel, Captain?” he asked, staring curiously up at the clear blue expanse. “Or perhaps answers do fall from the stars as my mother once told me.”
Tony beamed at him. “I work very hard at it, Buttercup.” His smile widened and his heart gave an elated thump. “How are those legs feeling?”
“Why?” Tony looked genuinely curious. “You’d walked away, started something new with new friends in a new place. It was just me and Vision and Rhodey and, well, Rhodey couldn’t do much for a very long time, and people are terrified of Viz.”
That had him looking at her. “While you might perhaps be sincere, Agent Romanoff, I am not in the least inclined to echo the sentiment.”
Tony glared at them. “I’m not going to tell you if you’re going to be dicks about it.” He crossed his arms. “Fuck you all very much.”
Steve's mind was whirling. He had a feeling that whatever Tony had seen, wasn't what he'd expected or hoped for in his future. And that was what had set him off.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know.” Nothing made sense. Why would Bruce risk his life and safety coming back to New York?
She looked over at Bruce who gave a slow nod. “Yes,” she said. “Let's go. Before I kick this stubborn bastard.”
Tony tried to decide on the safest course of action. On the one hand, Rhodey’s life was in danger. On the other…Steve Rogers could be there.
He came over to where they were sitting; dropping down behind Bucky so that he was bracketed by Steve and him. He wrapped his arms around Bucky’s waist, scooching in so that Steve could feel the heat of his body. “You’re coming back to us, Bucky,” he said softly.
Steve tried to hold his glare but he gave up when Bucky raised his eyebrows at him. “You’re an asshole.”
asshole.” Steve stepped into the open shower with a rueful smile. “I’m sorry that this time has to end.”
“I was worried.” And that sad little confession just pricked the bubble of righteous indignation that Tony had been blowing in his mind. He really needed to work on his internal metaphors.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice was a rasp in his ear. “You’re so fucking gorgeous like this.” He reached down to Tony’s cock, pushing Bucky’s fingers away. Bucky glared up at Steve for a moment and then shrugged. He continued fucking into Tony with his finger and his tongue, stripping him of every illusion of restraint.
“Okay.” Tony tucked his chin against his chest. He was going to have to figure out how to placate Steve without telling him too much. “Thanks, Buck.”
“What was that?” Tony made a staticy noise. “Crgghhhh…gghhhh…I…up…yours….crggghhh.” And ended the call.
“Tony…” Steve reached out a hand to him. This was something they needed to share. Bucky was theirs and his tears were part of his healing.
Sam, Clint and Rhodey had vanished at some point and Wanda was dozing, curled up on the sofa, with her head in Natasha’s lap.
Tony took several steps back. “No thanks.” He held up his hands. “I’m going to enjoy the pleasure of my own company for a bit. I’m told that I’m charming and witty.” He sounded bitter.
“I will do whatever I can to fix things,” Loki said, tone suddenly serious. “No matter what I have to do.”
“Guys, this is Sam Winchester,” Clint introduced the long drink of water first. “And his brother, Dean.” The pretty boy’s eyes were harder than anyone’s had a right to be. There was history there, Tony thought.
Tony sat in the kitchen, nursing his coffee and trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Steve Rogers, Captain America, Bastion of Morality had not only kissed him silly but had basically outed himself to Tony.
The not-cat hunkered down in the corner of the cage, growling low in warning, tail lashing in a blur.
The wind took the last of him in a sudden gust. Steve fell down, Tony still in his arms, ash coating them like a funeral pyre.
too early. Tony threw it across the room where it smashed against the door. “Ngnh,” he drooled into his pillow.
“I’m fine!” Tony insisted. “Stop fussing at me!” He felt Pepper’s judgmental gaze down to his bones. “I swear.” He had to figure out how to break up with her before she figured out that he wasn’t the same Tony she’d gone to bed with the night before.
“I was wrong.” Steve watched the shock cross Tony’s face. “I’m just a man, Tony. Sure, I’ve got some extra juice in my blood, but I make mistakes. I’ve made so many mistakes that there’s no way I should be allowed to command the team again.”
“Tony.” Steve’s throat closed. He moved carefully, pulling Tony into his arms. There was no resistance and that made Steve afraid. Tony always fought back,
“Tony sees the big picture,” Bruce explained. “I can do the math, see the solutions, create the equations. Tony finds the way.”
“A vampire, wendigo, werewolf…” Dean rubbed at his eyes. “Purgatory isn’t the place the church has taught you to believe in.”
“He's perfectly fine,” Loki said dismissively. “I just couldn’t cope with the constant whining. He’ll be able to speak again once he’s out of this room.”
“Talk, Barnes,” Steve ordered. His mouth curved in a small smile as he noticed Tony’s sudden lack of focus. Fucker.
“I’m fine,” Tony assured her and then yelped when she grabbed his finger and bent it back just short of snapping the bone.
He obeyed F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s instructions, following the wall until he saw the gleam of a light. He turned into the kitchen, relishing for a moment the sight of Bruce Banner hunched over a cup of tea, hair messy and sleepy-eyed. “Good morning,” he greeted.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. swung the double doors open obediently. The man standing in front of Tony wasn’t the same guy who’d been laughing with Steve in his dad’s photos of the Howling Commandos. This man was damaged in a way that made Tony’s heart break.
“I missed you too, Tony. How about we make a deal?” Tony raised an eyebrow. It was a very deliberately ‘Tony’ thing to do and his reward was when Steve’s smile widened. “No more lies. You piss me off, I call you on it. I piss you off….”
Her gaze slipped from person to person. “Every last one of you should be on your knees thanking Tony for saving your lives.” She stopped abruptly. “What is that?” She stared at the covered body.
“We have to build the presence of an Asgardian into the equation,” Tony said, continuing his train of thought. “It’s not just space and time and black holes now.” He looked over at Thor. “We really need the Tesseract.”
When the phone rang, Tony was elbows deep in the bowels of an Impala ’67. He’d bought it off a kid a year back. He’d looked into eyes that had seen far too much and folded like a cheap suit.
“I’d suggest we wait until the others get back before we hear the rest of this,” Fury said. Steve nodded. Getting the information once was a better option than repeating it.
“He never said…” Steve remembered Tony’s attempt to talk to him in Siberia. “I guess I just didn’t listen.”
Sam had found a piece of tarpaulin and covered Wanda’s body. Steve couldn’t stop looking at the broken thing that had been a powerful and dangerous girl. A girl who had betrayed them more times than Steve could remember. Every word, very kindness, all a lie.
Steve glared at him. Sometimes he wished he'd never allowed Clint to come with him to Atlantis. This was one of the many, many,
Clint clutched him, face buried against his shoulder. “I thought about not coming,” he muttered into Tony’s shirt.
“Then you should have asked for more time.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Have you ever read through, agreed with, and signed any contract for anything in three days in your life?” He waited, watching Tony’s face.
“I would never jest about summoning a demon,” Thor told him, all sincerity. Thank god Tony could still see the funny in this increasingly insane situation.
“Tony would be very proud,” Bruce said, plucking the notebook from Clint’s hands. “But he’s sometimes too rigid in his beliefs. Suspension of belief is sometimes the only option.” He read through what Clint had written.
you need.” And he meant it. This beautiful man had been so fucked over by the people in his life, and yet he trusted Tony with everything. It blew his mind.
The monsters kept coming, wave upon wave of them, some even calling the Winchesters by name. Which didn’t fill Tony with a whole lot of confidence. “You have some friends here?” he asked Dean as he took out a very hairy looking dude.
“So, you’re saying that the witch who already gave you a false vision about killing all your friends, showed you a future where you, me and Steve were all together?” Tony nodded. “And you
“It’s the reason I’m here,” Tony explained. “It was mostly my fault and now I can stop it before it starts.”
Steve looked over at Thor. “Do you think maybe you could head back to Asgard and ask your father about Set?”
T’Challa stood, watching as the cryogenic chamber hosting Bucky was loaded onto the Quinjet. Steve stood at his side, hoping that they were doing the right thing.
Steve started to ask ‘why’ again, when it finally dawned. He barely made it in time to the bathroom before he threw up.
Several corridors and an elevator ride later, Colonel Lee stopped in front of a large door. The keypad had been melted into a mass of metal and plastic.
“Tony?” He turned to look at Steve lying back on his bed like a wet-dream he’d pretended never to have.
“Oh my god, you have to watch them. They’re hilarious,” Bruce said. “Anyway, the police chief says that if he had more than one of Clouseau then he’d be able to destroy the world.”
Pepper walked over to the non-descript man. He started speaking the moment he realized he had her attention, “Miss Potts, I’m Agent Phil Coulson with the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division—”
“You're the reason I stayed.” Bucky's new hand opened and closed. “I would have been fine with my old arm. It didn't need replacing.”
“Would you be happier if I called you JFK?” Rhodey retorted as he man-handled Tony into the limousine.
Tony sputtered a laugh, finally reaching out to help Rhodey. “I’m so impressed at your command of the English language, Shakespeare.”
“You are not twelve,” Pepper said, smacking him on the back of his head. “Also, Cyclops has that covered.”
“You’re such a romantic goof,” Tony told him, walking over to press a minty kiss against Steve’s mouth. “I wish you’d let the world see more of this side of you.”
“No, you weren’t.” Bruce shook his head. “You ran away from Steve and Bucky, you’re suddenly all about acknowledging the ridiculously huge torch you’ve been carrying for Steve for the past few years, and you’re sober.” He ticked off the points on his fingers. “You’re not the Tony Stark I saw three weeks ago at the White House.”
Natasha had no such reservations. “What the fuck did you do to Tony?” Steve was actually afraid for Wanda.
“Well, I’m glad that you’ll have your girl with you,” Bucky said. His eyes were sad. “You should spend as much time as you can with the people you love.”
Thor wandered into the kitchen, shoulders slumped. “I find I have need of more convivial company,” he said as he slid into a chair opposite Steve.
“I found out when I hacked the Helicarrier the first time we were all brought together,” Tony admitted. “Found out a little more than the Tesseract being used to create weapons to kill aliens.”
“I am happy to see that you are working through your sorrow as well, my friends.” Thor sighed. “I have just come to tell you that I may return to Midgard for a while.”
“What’s going on?” Bucky stood at the lab door with Rhodes at his back. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. said it was important.” The casual ease that Bucky seemed to have with technology still took Steve by surprise.
Tony grinned, good humor restored. “Damn straight.”  He sobered then, staring at the tense line of Clint’s shoulders. He had some apologizing to do.
Bucky rolled his eyes and squirted lube onto his fingers. The fingers on his metal arm. Yeah, Tony was totally discovering kinks he had no idea he had.
“That makes absolutely no sense.” Bruce tugged off his shoes. “And that’s about as undressed as I’m going to make you.” He tossed a comforter over Tony’s torso.  “I’ve left water and a couple of painkillers on your beside table. God knows you’re going to need them.”
“I can actually see the hearts in your eyes.” Tony shook his head. “That’s just embarrassing, man.” Rhodey’s judge-y eyebrows went up. “Whatever. I’m not going to be held responsible for something I did while drunk.
.” It made him sick when he thought about what Bucky had been through. He was constantly astonished at the strength it took for him to be standing here, sane and mostly whole.
“Now, I’m no historian,” Tony said, “But I’ve not heard of Egyptian artifacts being discovered on American soil before.”
“That would be excellent,” Tony agreed. “There’s a reason I invented a semi-indestructible suit to keep me safe. Me? Not so much with the pain.”
“Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel,“ Scott said. “That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events –“
Steve nodded, still watching Bucky. He relished the chance to be able to do this, to look at him, to talk to him. He’d never believed it would be possible again. “He’s full of crap, but most of it is hot air,” he admitted. “Tony is the single most generous person I’ve ever met.”
Loki the trickster god was howling with laughter somewhere close by, Tony thought as he guppied at the closed door.
“Barnes, Sgt. James Buchanan, has a full military pension in the Bank of New York,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. broke in. She was clearly enamored with Bucky. As it seemed, several others were.
“It was our father’s,” Sam said. “He kept a record of all of the monsters he fought, how to kill them, how to save the humans. We started adding to it when he died.”
Tony lifted his hand away and plunged his fingers into Bucky’s hair. “I tried to get it done as quickly as I could.” He lifted his mouth away. “How long was I gone?”
“There was nothing to say,” Tony replied, eyes still intent on Bucky’s face. “You know I don’t blame you. I’ve
“It’s a thing,” Tony said, not taking his eyes off Bucky. “I swear to god I will take that fucking arm off and destroy it if you don’t snap out of it right the fuck now, James Buchanan Barnes!” Tony didn’t care that he was shouting.
Tony grinned. “I'm going to make him Bruce-to-Hulk pants,” he announced. Everyone stared at him like he was crazy. He possibly needed to expand on that. “You know, so that there's less naked Bruce when the Other Guy leaves the building...” he paused. “The Bruilding?” He shook his head. “Nevermind. I'm designing him pants.”
Vision stared at Pepper for a moment. “Symmetrically she is pleasing to the eye, both hair and eye color are desirable. Her form is exceptional and her skin tone is smooth and hydrated. So, yes, I would agree that Ms. Potts is a most excellent specimen of the feminine gender.”
“I hate you and I’m going to get Tasha to kill you with a hair clip,” Tony threatened, body arching up as Steve pressed a second finger in. He had big hands.
Tony nodded, body suddenly aching with exhaustion. “That’s a great idea, Viz. Can I leave you and Laura to take care of that? Maybe call them, let them know where they should be headed.”
Steve shuffled closer, his body a hard, hot line against Tony’s. Something harder and hotter poked at Tony’s hip. He tilted his pelvis and pushed back.
Tony could suddenly remember that day, two years ago. They’d been testing Bruce’s ability to control the monster within. It had been partially successful. The Hulkbuster armor had been almost pulverized though.
Coulson just stared at him, waiting. Tony began to fidget. He was terrible at waiting people out. It took about thirty seconds. “It was a dude thing person whosit called Uatu. Called himself Earth’s Watcher or some shit. Wanted to give me a chance to fix something.”
Steve smiled. “That’s really good information, thanks Thor.” Thor beamed at him, proud of his contribution. Steve wasn't going to think that he looked like a large golden retriever with it's tongue hanging out. He wasn't....shit. Steve looked back at Lee. “And?”
“Fuck!” Tony spat. “This is why I never share my toys!” He was skimming through the old computer archive, fingers flying over the screen of his tablet. He’d loaded JARVIS as soon as they’d arrived, making sure that HYDRA didn’t try to destroy things.
“Asgard,” Steve said, nudging Tony’s plate towards him again. “He’s going to collect Vision and Wanda and meet us back at the tower.”
He rolled onto his back, wondering how Tony was doing. Having Bucky as a distraction was only effective if the distraction was awake. Right now, his brain had come up with several hundred worst case scenarios.
“How about no?” Tony asked. “I’ve risked one hell of a lot to be here, to make sure that the SRA never comes into existence.”
“Perish the thought, boss,” Friday assured him. “Your constant notes are a litany of delight for me.”
“Barnes is exactly what Stark needs to remind him of why we created the Avengers Initiative.” Fury sounded certain. Steve wasn’t so sure. “By helping Barnes, he’s focusing on someone other than himself which is always the healthiest option when it comes to Tony Stark.” The dry tone almost made Steve laugh.
” Jörmungandr informed him. The light grew brighter and Tony sped up when he noticed that Jörmungandr was walking faster.
Tony watched as the Helicarriers fired at each other and crashed into the Potomac. He waited to see Steve, held his breath as Project Insight imploded on itself.
“Shut up.” Tony pointed a finger at Rhodey and Sam who were snickering like fucking girls. “I will end you both.”
Loki answered him, “It is one of the Infinity Gems, last taken form as the Aether. It allows the user to fulfill wishes.”
“I heard that people often get lucky at weddings,” Tony said as he swayed in Bucky’s arms. “Do you think I have a chance?”
Thor dug in his breeches. “I brought mead from Asgard when last I met with Heimdall,” he said, producing a large silver flask. “Let us drink a toast to our absent friends and wish them good fortune.”
Tony sighed. “That amount of hate was never going to disappear with a couple of sparring sessions with the Avengers,” he said. “No matter what Captain Perfect said.”
“I’d knock before entering,” Clint said helpfully. “Never know what you could walk into. Ow!” He glared at Natasha. “What was that for?”
“Hey!” Clint glared at Loki. “Less with the insults, more with the answers.” Tony knew that Clint still hadn’t forgiven Loki for his part in what had happened two years ago. He had the feeling that Clint was waiting for just the right moment to end Loki for good.
He got out of the shower, Hell washing off him with soap and hope and spiraling away down the drainpipe.
Reaction was always slow to set in. He shook beneath the sheet of water that pounding against his skin. He’d just come back from Hell. You’d think that all the crap that he’d seen in his time as Iron Man, a trip to actual Hell wouldn’t have phased him.
Steve followed the scream, stumbling into the road where Thor stood, Bucky at his heels. Steve was bleeding profusely from his left side. “Thor... did he do it?” he asked.
Loki sighed. “At least not all of our realm is lost.” He rubbed at his eyes. “One seldom considers the consequences of one’s deeds when a course of action is taken.”
“And I’m sure you’ll do it again,” Tony said. “Just try to remember to take it outside before you leave?”
“What was the joke?” Sam asked. Steve understood the need for everyone to just take a breath after what had happened.
“You’re leaving?” Steve lifted his head, watching Tony. His eyes were hazy with sleep and his hair was hilariously messed up.
The stranger with the beard and the cloak, Strange, turned to Tony and repeated, “Tony Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me.”
Rhodey just shook his head. “And to think that the universe has to depend on you to protect it.” Tony flipped him off.
“Not until you answer a few questions for us,” Xavier said. “Reed, please help Secretary Ross to a seat.”
This wasn’t a battle they could win. He’d learned from a very young age to pick the ones to win and then annihilate the opposition. He wanted to destroy Crowley and Hell and everything it stood for, but the Universe needed balance and this place of persecution and torment was clearly a part of a Plan that he wasn’t privy to.
“Bring Matilda to the infirmary,” Bruce told Natasha. “We'll need to test her for toxicity to humans.”
Steve gives Tony the sit-rep. Tony & co decide they're crashing the party. Steve wonders when he lost control of the Avengers. Tony & Rhodey catch up.
“As I said, some of the older demons aren’t too happy with my method of rule,” Crowley explained. “The road to the Cage is monitored by several of them. And because it’s a path not often chosen, they’ll be very aware of my bringing three humans into Hell.”
“He knows,” Pepper said. “It’s a theme.” She sighed. “I’ve put a change of clothes in the bathroom. Happy is waiting for us.” Bruce had left just after the others, opting to stay at the hospital and confirm Tony’s test results before going home with Vision. It warmed him to think of Bruce putting himself out there for Tony’s sake.
Rhodey dipped him suddenly. “I knew something was happening with you when you broke up with Pepper and got together with the two old men,” he said when he pulled Tony back up. “I know that you talked to Bruce about it.” He sounded only slightly offended.
“Okay.” It was Tony’s turn to agree without arguing. “I’m kind of stupid about you, in case you missed that.”
“Sure it is,” Rhodey agreed. “You have two hot-as-fuck super soldiers wanting to do the horizontal mambo with you and you’re freaking the fuck out.”
Pepper stepped in front of Tony’s wheelchair, every muscle in her body shaking. “How dare you come here and ask
It was as though a mountain was falling down on him. Tony just allowed FRIDAY to pilot the suit, her reactions faster and safer than his right now. It rained brick and mortar and hunks of land that hadn’t seen daylight in centuries. As he bobbed and weaved he realized that this was it. He was done this time. For good.
“Steve and his boyfriend are staring into each other's eyes.” Clint had been giving them a running commentary while watching Steve and Bucky out of the living room window. Tony had tried to stop him. It hadn't worked. Obviously.
“I’m not sure that the term ‘grown men’ could be applied to those two,” Laura said from his other side.
Steve glared at her. “I think I preferred it when you were a stoic assassin with no visible personality,” he told her.
“And me,” Thor added, sighing heavily. “There is much that is wrong with the tales on your internets, but the prophecy is true.”
“Director Fury has dealt with the situation,” Coulson said as he walked into the kitchen, looking fresh, as though he wasn’t wearing the same clothes he’d worn yesterday.
Tony gave him the Bambi eyes. “Darling, he was an asshole long before I met him.” He flashed Steve a grin as he whirled to follow the others. “Now, onward into the breach!”
Tony wanted to run. “Rogers.” He forced the name out like a curse. “You and your prodigals all settled in?”
“You’ve been a good friend to him,” Steve told Tony. “To all of us.” He looked around the jet. Every one of them had been taken under Tony’s metaphorical wing at some point. “You need reminding.”
“Bucky would have been in trouble,” Steve started. He stopped before Natasha could snap again. “I know. Tony had a plan.” He was a little frustrated too. “Why the hell didn’t he just tell me?”
This was the moment, Tony thought. Since that cave in Afghanistan, he’d always known that there was a reason he’d made it out alive. This is it...” he murmured.  He started pacing around the room. “What's our timeline?”
Tony pushed himself away from the wall and sauntered towards Steve. It was hard for Steve to pick a spot to look at. “I’m not tired,” Tony murmured as he reached Steve.
Rhodey, Wilson, Wanda and Vision had returned carrying bags of supplies. The team had descended on the food as though they’d been starved for days. Tony noticed that the Winchesters had elbowed for food as quickly as his friends had.
“Why didn’t you say something earlier?” Bruce leapt to his feet. “Come on, Vision and I are coming with you. I have an idea.”
“I killed your parents, Tony.” Bucky shook his head. “And you’ve never said anything.” His knuckles were white against the red of Tony’s tie.
“She’s dead. We had to kill her when she attacked us. But Tony, she finally told us the truth,” Natasha said. “About the vision she’d shown you, the purpose she’d kept hidden from us all along.”
“Oh my god,” Bruce groaned. “As if I’m already not in need of all of the therapy in the world.” He glared at Tony. “Please go away, taking your awkward turtle flirting somewhere else.”
Thor and Natasha headed back to the infirmary and Bruce. Clint settled on one of the ledges that appeared out of the wall at Atlantis’ whim. Steve spun back to Tony. “Don’t you give up, Tony Stark. You promised we’d finally have that date. I’m expecting fireworks.” The words were so soft that nobody could hear them.
“No?” Steve’s frown was adorably confused. “I thought this was what we wanted. I thought this was what we’ve been working towards.”
“And yet, surprisingly, I’m still a little reluctant to play in your sandbox again.” Bruce fixed him with a look. “You did good, my friend. Now can we get this thing done so that we can go back to our dysfunctional lives?”
Tony backed away from Loki. Steve was in front of him before he could blink. “Stay back,” Steve ordered. “I don’t know what you think Tony knows but you don’t get to come near him.”
“He always jumps into things,” Steve said. “Why couldn’t he just wait and talk to us all before he signed our freedom away?”
Dean laughed helplessly. “Sammy still blushes like a teenaged girl when I talk dirty, you guys will make him have a coronary.” Tony wasn’t touching that particular confession with a barge-pole. What happened behind the doors with these two was between them.
Tony’s eyes gleamed. “No.” Steve put up a hand. “I am not reading or watching those things.” Tony made sure Steve could see the pout. They grinned at each other.
The flight across the pit took longer than expected. Apparently time and distance moved a little differently here. Tony wondered how long they had actually been down here.
“It really still is,” Loki disagreed. Tony reached out to poke at the Loki at his side and the same thing happened. An illusion.
“That is pretty much the hottest thing I’ve ever seen,” Tony admitted. At once, two pairs of blue eyes returned to him.
Tony wanted to protest, but in that room, with these people, it seemed unnecessary. He plopped down beside Pepper. “I’m pooped.”
Billie made an annoyed sound. “The door is one-way,” she said. “Once you’re down there, you can only get back using the portal.”
Bruce came in a moment later. “I’ve put him in restraints,” he said, almost apologetically. “I’m not sure how he’s going to react to the sedative with the remnants of Matilda’s venom still probably in his blood stream.”
Tony practically choked on his spit. “Lord, Phil, warn me when you’re going to get filthy, will ya?”
“Wait!” Tony didn’t want Bucky to think…whatever it was he was clearly thinking. “I don’t mean I’m not interested.” He made a flappy gesture at his crotch. “Trust me, very
Bucky’s arms came around him from behind, and Tony let his body sag against Bucky’s. “But at least you know I’m
trouble one day, Dean,” Billie warned. “When that happens, I promise that I will pull every favor that I have to get to be the one to reap you.”
“By, the by, our hunter friends have suggested that we summon Set and get him to exorcise his victims.” Tony watched Thor’s face closely. He appeared to be considering the plan.
Tony laughed, a wet and ugly sound. “Yeah, Mom was a tough bitch. She had to be to stay married to Howard.” He closed his eyes, swallowing hard. “Why…” He took a breath. “Why are you telling me this?”
“Wanda warned me.” Tony ignored her words. “She showed me, years ago, what the consequences of my actions with Ultron would be. She showed me standing in front of all my friends, their bodies at my feet.”
Bucky’s tears were tapering off and he gave a wet-sounding laugh against Steve’s neck. “You’re such a fucking diva,” he murmured.
“What the fuck is going on?” Bucky’s gaze whipped between the two of them, taking in Tony’s furious face and Steve’s confused expression. “Who did what?”
Bruce was chopping onions and Sam was frying something delicious. Tony stuck his nose into the pan, yelping when he got thwapped on the head by Sam. “Be careful with the merchandise,” he warned.
Rhodey was hesitant about hitting a girl. It had been funny for the first minute. Then Natasha had kicked his ass and suddenly Rhodey took it seriously.
“Fuck,” Bucky snapped. “I’m done asking nicely!” He took a step towards Strange and froze. His eyes went wide. “Steve!”
Bruce drew blood from Tony and Rhodey, rolling his eyes at their whining. “It’s a fucking needle, you big babies. You’ve faced aliens and super-powered robots and you’re bleating about a needle!”
“Angina is a warning sign for an actual heart attack, Tony.” Bruce sat in the chair next to the hospital bed. “The doctor seems to think it is stress related.”
Tony inclined his head. “And I assume these are your new best friends?” He looked around at the three men and one other woman watching them.
At the movement, Natasha’s eyes flew open and for a second Steve worried for Vision’s limbs. She relaxed a moment later. “Bed time?” she asked, her voice husky with sleep as she looked at Bruce.
On landing in a field behind the mansion, Steve noticed another jet, smaller and more streamlined than the Quinjet. “Who’s that?” he asked Rhodes.
“Mr….Dr. Stark, we have spent a few days reading and discussing your proposed amendments to the Sokovia Accords.” The President of the Assembly stared at him. “We are prepared to vote on them.”
“Doctor Strange is a friend,” Vision repeated. “Perhaps in the past he wasn’t, but now he is Earth’s Sorcerer Supreme, and his only concern is the safety of humanity.”
“What stopped you?” Clint didn’t sound judgmental anymore. He just sounded curious. He sat in the operator’s chair next to the workbench.
“Holy shit!” Tony dropped the dish. “You weren’t kidding!” He hurdled the workbench and hid behind Rhodey. “Save me, Buttercup!”
“Well, then, go ahead with that.” He waved his hand in permission. Invisible permission was still permission.
“You mean F.R.I.D.A.Y.” Bruce put a hand on his arm. “Tony. Stop. Let the doctors do a full check-up. Even if you don’t want to do it for yourself, do it for me, for Rhodey, for Pepper.”
Steve stared at Bucky. “That’s all you have to say?” he asked, hurt hard in his throat. “More than seventy years you’ve been gone and that’s
Sam put a hand on Bucky’s shoulder. “Cool it, buddy. We can’t afford to get into a fight with each other.” Steve had never appreciated his pragmatic friend more.
“Haha! Yeah!” Tony punched the air. “What? Wait! What?” He stared at Rhodey. “Seriously, Rhodes. What?” Steve refused to meet his gaze and Bucky went an interesting shade of pink.
Pepper waved to him, grinning as Happy bulldozed his way through the dancers, all effort and no execution.
“It's why I'm damaged goods, Stevie.” Bucky's voice was thick and Tony pulled him in closer. “That ledger Romanov talked about, mine's dripping in blood.”
Steve’s cheeks were slightly flushed as he laughed. “I was about as dumb as a box of rocks when it came to stuff like that,” he admitted. “Bucky even showed me how to….” He stopped, biting his lip.
“Nothing’s changed,” Dean grunted, hefting something that looked like a scimitar made of bone out of his duffel bag.
He shook his wrists, and the armor slipped out over his skin like liquid metal. Within about two seconds, Tony was covered. “Ta-da!” He did the jazz hands just to piss Steve off.
Somehow he’d managed to muddle through life and acquire this…family of crazy people who accepted him as he was.
“The Collector has already agreed to hand over the Reality Stone,” Thor said. “He will meet me at the Rainbow Bridge.”
“Stark...” And pity on anyone's face was just never going to cut it, Tony thought. Especially Barton's.
Bucky and Steve both turned to look at him, identical expressions of speculation on their stupidly gorgeous faces.
I'm so not sure about this one. Tony's refusal to deal with his shit is entirely based on my own. Be gentle on me with this chapter.
Steve just smiled to himself. “I can see that,” he murmured. He ignored Tony’s petty sneer. “Agent Coulson will be bringing some folks over in about hour,” he said instead.
“Steve, if you say anything other than my name for the next ten minutes, I will end you,” Tony warned.
Steve flopped onto the floor with a groan. “Why me?” he asked the Universe at large. “Didn’t I do enough good in my first life?”
Tony grinned. “I swear I’m an equal opportunity kinda guy. Fucker or fuck-ee, doesn’t matter. As long as I come, I’m good.”
“Right?” Clint looked up at the chair and then back down again. “You know, I thought we’d seen just about everything weird that the Pegasus galaxy could throw at us. This one, this takes the prize.”
They both groaned when Tony’s warm palm wrapped around Steve’s cock. “Holy shit.” Steve dropped his head on Tony’s shoulder so that he could watch as Tony stripped his dick.
Tony groaned as he lifted his head to look at Bucky. “Tha’ you can’t get shitfached,” Tony said, patting Bucky’s stomach. It was a very firm stomach. Tony patted it again. “Your shtomach ish firm,” he announced.
Tony grinned. “I’m the original Great White, baby. I’ve got this.” He put a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “I know you think the world hates you. I promise you, that’s not true.” He crossed the fingers of his other hand behind his back, because not
Tony enjoyed the rest of the ride with Rhodey at his shoulder, and the earth far below his feet. They chatted about inconsequential things as they approached Washington.
A wicked smirk and Bucky slid the tip of his tongue into the slit of Tony’s cock. “Holy fu…” Tony lost the ability to breathe as his balls drew up tight and high. “Buck, I’m gonna…” He tapped Bucky’s shoulder to warn him.
“One and only,” Fury said. “He’s currently holding the President hostage in the White House along with several key members of the Senate.”
“Who of ours have we lost?” Natasha asked, ever practical, put her hand on Thor’s shoulder. He shuddered at her touch.
“Shut up, you’re making too much noise.” Bucky’s sleepy grumble had them both swinging around to look at him.
“Matilda,” Steve repeated. “We have to get Matilda.” He headed out of Pepper's office trailing the rest of the team behind him like some sort of kite tail.
“I think Steve Rogers is a mean meanie,” he said. “And he is way too perfect.” His eyelids felt as though someone had hung fishing sinkers off his eyelashes.
Steve lay on his side, watching Bucky. He’d not opened his eyes, but Steve could see the slow movement of his chest so he wasn’t freaking out.
Bruce swallowed hard, his eyes wide and panicked. “What the hell am I doing, Tony? I must be out of my freaking mind.” He was breathing like he’d run a marathon.
The universe blinked, and Steve forgot what had gone before. This was his life now. This time was his created thing. And he was happy.
“I love you,” Steve replied, eyes very soft as he looked down at Bucky. “Whatever you do will feel wonderful.”
“He was pummeling Bucky with electromagnetic therapy,” Bruce said. “It looks like a nanite graveyard in your brain.” He looked at Bucky. “Tony probably saved your life.”
Steve closed his eyes, swallowed hard. “No.” It was barely a whisper. “Tony is the most loyal, generous, infuriating, fascinating person I’ve met since I woke up.”
Tony wasn’t sure if that comforted him at all. “Thanks,” he said anyway as the tree closed up behind him.
you’re worried about me?” Steve could practically see the scorn on Tony’s face. “That would have meant a lot more if I don’t have the abiding memory of my friend leaving me to die on a floor in a cave in Siberia.”
Tony was wary. The last time he’d spoken with Uatu, he’d been sent back to right a wrong and ended up with no Pepper and a pair of boyfriends. And just who the hell was the One-Above-All?
“Oh, I am in deep, deep shit, my friend,” Clint said, dropping the phone onto the table. He rubbed at his eyes. “My wife threatened to cut off my balls and feed them to one of Thor’s Bilgesnipe. Oh, and by the way, Laura’s working for Stark now.”
“Take him upstairs and make him sleep,” Steve told Bucky. “Even if you have to hold him down.” Bucky appeared delighted at the prospect of following that particular set of orders.
Bucky opened his mouth and Steve quickly clapped a hand over it. “No!” He glared at Clint who looked like he wanted to speak. “We respect you too much.”
“Thank you, we’ll follow your directions and hopefully we get to see you and the others some time?” Steve knew that he was being naïve, he’d burned those bridges thoroughly.
“Like fungus on a tree,” Coulson said, but he smiled. “Now, how about you stop hiding away and go up and apologize to the friends who have no idea what you had a conniption about.”
Tony nodded wearily. “I know, man. It just hit me.” He took a deep breath. “But I’m okay.” Rhodey’s gaze was skeptical. “Seriously.”
Steve shrugged. “That has always been our biggest problem. Our first inclination was to fight, remember?”
That last one had everyone hiding their smiles. Thor’s arrogance wasn’t an offensive thing. It was as much a part of their friend as his hammer was.
It was almost anti-climactic when Thor showed up. Tony had been waiting for him ever since Jane had called to tell him that Point Break was on his way.
Adding one of my fave Marvel characters was always going to happen. I hope you enjoy him as much as I do.
“Not trying to say that he isn’t.” Tony managed to finally flick the creature off. A wail faded into the darkness. Well, that wasn’t good.
Steve didn’t bother. He supposed he’d have to wait for Tony’s experimental alcohol to try to get the buzz from booze once more.
A large ball of light burst open like a pomegranate, spilling stars in a spiral waterfall. “I can’t believe what I’m seeing.” Tony’s mind was finding it hard to comprehend.
Tony lifted a hand to his mouth. “No.” He wasn't sure what he was saying no to. “I'm good.” He turned to look at Bruce. “I'd appreciate a little advice here, Doc.” He was drowning in an ocean full of feelings that he had no idea how to handle.
“You’re perfect,” Steve assured him, bending down to kiss his reddened mouth. “I just don’t want to come until I’m inside Tony.”
“I can’t feel my legs,” Tony slurred into Steve’s skin. Bucky’s arms were a vice around him, holding him against his chest as though he was terrified he’d vanish while Bucky slept.
“Time-travelling?” Tony stared at Thor blankly. “I’ve never time-travelled.” He looked around at the others. “Have I?”
Tony scowled, kicking at the stone wall. “Steve liked to prod at me,” he said, using the past tense for the first time. It felt wrong in his mouth.
are Iron Man whether you’re dressed up in that vainglorious suit of armor or in a three piece suit and tie or a Black Sabbath tee that’s seen too many washes and too much grease.”
“She would have wanted to come with me,” Bruce said after a moment of looking down at his tea. “And I wouldn’t have had the strength to say no.”
Rhodey kicked Tony hard enough that he knew it was going to bruise. He honestly didn’t give one single fuck.
Bucky talked about what had happened after he’d pulled Steve out of the Potomac River. About going to the Smithsonian and the surreal feelings when he’d seen himself up there with Steve, a hero to the American public. He told Steve where he’d gone while he’d been avoiding being found.
“He’s a fucking octopus,” Bucky said, moving further into the room, eyes very intent on Steve’s face. “He lets you go with one arm, and then slips another around your heart while you aren’t looking.” He stood about three feet from the bed. “Next thing you know, you’re all wrapped up in Rogers without a chance to escape.”
“But it’s not just Extremis, is it, Tones?” Rhodey began to pick at the braces. “If I’m carrying some part of the Soul Stone then I’m like a powerful thing that has power.”
“This room is supposed to be secure,” Fury growled. As usual, with the Avengers, he’d lost control of the situation.
“He’s a complete asshole, Bruce,” Tony confided. “I don’t know why I like him so much.” He was already feeling calmer.
“Then you’re done in the superhero business.” Tony decided that bluntness was the only option. “Either you’re with me or you’re done.”
“He's not going to last much longer.” Bruce came into the office, for once the doctor and not the mouse. “If there is a plan, we need to act on it now.”
“Why didn’t you tell Tony?” Bruce countered. Steve could see that something fundamental had changed inside him. That he could now control the Hulk, without fear for anyone’s safety, had made an astonishing difference to him.
“I think that you may be the first person who actually asked me that.” A small, slightly hysterical giggle escaped him. “God. If only Steve….” He stopped. Swallowed hard. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”
“I wanted to talk to you before the others got back.” Fury ignored Tony’s admittedly feeble attempt to irritate him. “A little birdie told me that you, the Soldier and the Captain have been knocking boots.”
“I designed your systems, J, of course they’re working correctly.” Tony waved a hand. “What’s the problem?”
Bruce frowned. “I doubt we can remove the Mind Stone from Vision, and I have no idea how we would even go about getting Extremis out of you and Rhodey.”
“We’re going to get you back,” Steve said as he crouched beside Tony, brushing his hair away from his forehead. “I promise, Tony, we’re going to get you back.”
The dome above opened and something that looked suspiciously like a rope dropped down. At the end of it was a scooped out branch that appeared to be… “You have
“Our?” The voice to Steve’s left had Tony swinging his gaze that way. “Tasha!” he beamed. “You’re here too? Worried about me?” He winked at her.
“He’s an idiot.” Pepper shook her head. “He has the social skills of a gorilla and the courage of a slug when it comes to people he fancies.”
Tony was helpless against the power of Bucky's eyes. They were blue, like Steve's, and just as deadly. Steve's eyes were lapis lazuli blue, bright morning sky blue. Bucky's eyes were the blue at the heart of a sapphire, midnight navy blue.
“Father still sleeps,” Thor said, sending a sharp glance at Loki when he flinched. “It appears that nothing will wake him up. Since my mother’s death, he has not returned in spirit to Asgard.”
“We were fighting in Siberia and he just wouldn’t stop.  I told him that Bucky was my friend. Then he said, “So was I.” It was like he’d stabbed me. I realized then that no matter what I did, no matter how I tried, Tony wouldn’t believe that I cared about him. Not after this.” Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. “So I called Fury and told him where to find Tony and left.”
“He dreamed of love.” Vision’s endless gaze caught at Steve’s. “And Tony has ever been resistant to the thought of love.”
Thor jumped to his feet. “It would be a wonderful thing to spar with you, Captain and you…” he paused, looking at Bucky. “I am not sure how I am to address you.”
Bucky stood at Tony’s back. “Whatever you’re freaking the fuck out about, I bet what I’m seeing tops it,” he yelled.
Tony felt the tension increase in the jet to oh-god-we're-all-going-to-die proportions. Natasha sniffed. “You're all idiots. I'm in the goddam jet. I'm certainly not going to kill myself.”
Thor stiffened. “My brother has tried all he can to set right what he has done wrong,” he challenged. “Forgiveness is a human trait I’ve always believed is the best of all mortal traits.”
“Stop.” Sam held up a hand and Tony was far too amused to note that his two army boys halted to attention. So much teasing to come later, he thought.
Bruce?” One perfectly plucked eyebrow arched as her gaze met his. “I wasn’t aware that slavery had come back into fashion.”
Tony landed in a remote-ish area. He’d tinkered with the Iron Man suit so that it converted to a scooter if he needed to go incognito somewhere. He’d not had a chance to show it off to the team.
Tony gasped and then practically drowned in the water he swallowed. “Seriously?” He coughed some of the water out.
Crowley’s sharp gaze turned to Tony. “I know who you are,” he said, tapping a well-manicured finger against his lips. “You’re Tony Stark.”
“We had a little trouble mid-air,” Natasha said. “Wanda tried to kill us. We didn’t really feel like dying today.”
Bucky appeared unmoved. “You’re asleep on your feet,” he told him. “Those awesome, sexy, intelligent potatoes are about to pass out.”
“As well he should,” Loki snapped, suddenly all of his defenses back up. “He’s the one who put us in peril in the first place.”
“I made a lot of mistakes,” Steve admitted. “Throughout this whole thing, I’ve make some big ones. But Tony, please believe me when I say that the thing I most regret, out of it all, was lying to you.” He met Tony’s gaze. “If I’d told you the truth about Bucky from the start, then so much of this could have been avoided.”
Tony huffed out a frustrated breath. “Right now, Capistrano, we know nothing. We have some educated guesses that, because the guess-ees are Bruce Banner and Tony Stark, are almost certainties, but we’ll have no confirmation until we can get back to the Tower and run some algorithms.”
“I’m sorry, what were you saying?” Steve asked as Tony writhed beneath him. He curved his fingers a little. Tony lit up like a Christmas tree. There were actual sparkles in front of his eyes as Steve, perfect in sex as he was in almost everything else, hit his prostate.
Xavier waved a hand. “I’d prefer not to rummage around in his head,” he admitted. “It is very tiring on someone who is intent on keeping me out.”
Bucky was practically sobbing now. Tony stared at him, blood pouring out of his nose and feeling absolutely nothing. “I’m sorry.” What else
Tony rolled his eyes so hard that he saw his brain. “Duh.” Then he stopped himself. Antagonizing Pepper usually ended in pain for him. And now that she and Natasha were basically besties, it promised to be extra painful.
“Can somebody fucking take care of that?” Tony grumbled, swiveling his hips to show his neglected dick. “It hurts.”
“How could I not?” Bucky smiled at Bruce and Tony saw the sheen of tears in those stupidly beautiful midnight blue eyes. “He saved my life.”
Clint lifted an eyebrow. “That’s a new tactic,” he noted. “Most everyone else has been telling me that time heals all fucking wounds.”
“Captain!” Thor boomed, grabbing Steve's hand and shaking thoroughly. Thor always did things big. And loudly.
Steve looked at his phone. He’d called up Tony’s number about ten minutes ago. Another two weeks had gone by and he felt like he was lonelier than ever. Tony was the drum that echoed his thoughts. Tony’s cockiness pulled him out of his morose thoughts. He even missed the know-it-all attitude that drove him crazy.
That was not going to happen. Tony wasn’t about to let his fuck-up take any more lives. “Rhodey, get the rest of the people on board that carrier.”
Fury inclined his head. “I know,” he admitted. “I’m not sure you should be a part of this, though.” He held up a hand when Dean opened his mouth. “Your war is on another front,” he said. “Keeping the Darkness at bay is just as important in dealing with Set.”
“The Quinjet is equipped to handle a certain amount of time in the ‘spacial’ area,” Tony told him with an airy wave of his hand. “Rhodey and I have the suits so we’ll be fine.”
Tony looked out at the General Assembly. “So, a quick explanation of B.A.R.F. for the non-scientific minds out there. It’s basically an obscenely expensive way to hijack the hippocampus in the brain to clear traumatic memories.”
“Dammit, Tony, I can’t keep apologizing!” It was a frustrated growl that burst from Steve and Tony’s eyes went wide. “I’ve said sorry, I’ve said I was wrong, I’ve promised to try to do better. What the fuck do you want from me?”
Wanda nodded. “I understand.” Her eastern European accent had a strange cadence. It was like she spoke to silent music. “Vision has said I must explain myself to you.”
“How much further?” Bucky’s question was barely an exhalation, but Tony heard it like a shout. His boys were taking strain and it was his job to get them out of here.
Tony popped a caramel into his mouth. “I’ve got to find out where the President gets these,” he told them, grinning around the sweet.
“I’m sure you’re leaving a whole bunch out,” Bruce said with a small smile. “And the story will most likely get more fantastic as you tell it. I’m just glad you’re back safely and that the mission was a success.”
“Remember what I told you, Tony Stark.” Wanda turned to leave. “Vision believes you to be worthy. You are his creator, his first memory. He knows you better than anyone else.”
Tony shrugged, leaning one hip against the thick glass wall surrounding the platform. “It still hurts when I think about my parents.” He looked out at the cityscape. “And finding out that Bucky was the one…”
getting on in years, Tony,” Vision said as he came over to them. “It’s only logical that your stamina isn’t what it used to be.”
the Winchesters, they’ll have passed a few options on to you on that page.” He tapped Steve’s chest. “Don’t. Try. Any. Of. Them.”
“I asked whether you, Bruce and Vision could give us an update,” Steve said. “Do you have something to share?”
“Let’s get the saving of the universe done before we deal with that, okay big guy?” Clint dropped a hand on Thor’s shoulder as he walked in.
“Tony!” Natasha rushed over to him, eyes wide. “You’re here!” She stopped in front of him, clearly unsure what to do next.
A million apologies for the late chapter. I've had pneumonia & then every appliance in my house decided to pack up at once. I am terrified about the clear retcon that Infinity War is going to make of this but I still maintain that Tony will be/have the Soul Stone.
“Fuck you, Rogers. I already told you that he was safe with me! I know that he’s been through hell and come out the other side.” Tony spat.
“Damn right,” Tony declared as he stumbled back onto the bed. “Fuck.” He scowled up at them. “I’m usually a lot smoother than this.”
Thank you for sticking by me. I don't know if I'll ever writing something this huge or complicated again.
A shrug. “Eh, I could buy several of their countries outright. Besides, I’m used to it.” Tony’s mouth tilted up. “I made sure that I was prepared for anything.”
“He wouldn’t do something like this without a good reason,” Bruce said. “Steve’s not exactly the impulsive sort.”
“With nobody else to rely on in their world,” Bucky said. “Besides, they can’t get pregnant and pass on their screwy genes, so what’s the problem.”
“Why don’t you explain it to us, in small words, so that we can follow?” Tony loved it when Steve got his sass on.
This time, Bucky leaned into the kiss, opened his mouth and let his tongue sweep into Steve’s mouth. Steve hauled him closer until he thought there was no way to tell which was his body, and which was Bucky’s. His hand came up, tangling in the long strands of hair at Bucky’s neck. Bucky moaned his approval, tilting his head back into Steve’s palm.
“Either. Both.” Natasha blinked rapidly and for just a moment there was a sheen in her eyes that caught the light.
“Please god, just leave me alone.” Tony just wanted a moment to think, to comprehend what had just happened and they were just not letting him be!
Tony folded his arms, jaw jutting out. “Pop quiz, who in the room knows what Ross had planned for the Avengers once he had them all trapped?” He held up a hand, Rhodey raised his and so did Vision. T’Challa waggled a finger out of sight of everyone but Tony.
Tony choked on the sip of whiskey he’d taken to calm himself. “Oh my god!” He gaped at Bucky. “You are the most outrageous person I’ve ever met.”
been doing since you took him back to Asgard?” Natasha asked, picking carefully at her nail with a knife. Tony had no idea where she’d hidden it and he wasn’t going to ask.
Steve tried to go to Bucky but found that he too couldn’t move. “What the hell are you doing?” He met Strange’s calm gaze furiously. “This isn’t helping us trust you!”
Tony sighed again, running his fingers over a mark on the table that one of Clint’s kids had made on a visit there. “I should have talked to you first.”
Tony nodded, not taking his eyes off Ross. “I do. And I’m not going to say anymore.” He shook his head as Richards opened his mouth. “I
He opened his eyes a moment later when he realized he’d not smashed his face against bark. “What the…?” He looked around, heart thundering. There was alien, (hello Chitauri), and then there was this. He watched as Skurge and Strange appeared to pop out from thin air.
“Creeping up on the guy with a weapon of fiery death is never the best choice, Steven,” he said as he turned around.
but that wasn't the point. He tried to remember the point he'd been trying to make. And gave up. His brain was a rat's nest of crazy right now.
“Whatever.” Tony slid one of his ‘pockets’ open. “Guess it’s Iron Man to the rescue…again.” He pulled out the thin coil of rope.
Steve held up both hands. “I’ve learned my lesson. Not going to say a word,” he assured him, even though the words “I’m not ready” kept blaring in his brain like a klaxon. Clearly Bucky
“I'm better when you're around.” Bucky's whisper had Steve's head snapping up. Steve who'd been doing a pretty credible imitation of a statue since they'd taken off.
Loki's gaze slid over to where the President, the VP and three others sat. “You can leave.” He dismissed them with a wave.
“I think perhaps it would be good to have Iron Man with you,” Coulson said, cool and calm. Tony gaped at him. “He’s the only one of us here with the ability to fly, and it may come in handy down….there.” He waved a hand at the floor.
Vision inclined his head. “Perhaps I can find some sort of meaning in the death of our captain.” He said it so plainly that Tony was taken by surprise at the sudden pain. He was obviously still in no way capable of dealing with Steve’s loss yet.
“We need all of the facts, Rhodey.” Steve looked at him. “You know better than to run in half-cocked. You are
Laura headed towards the body pile, ready to wade in, but the moment she grabbed for Cooper, Rhodey shot a hand out and yanked on her ankle. She went down with a shriek and the kids turned their attention to her, pouncing on her with glee.
“Yeah,” Bucky murmured. “Kept telling me I was making a mistake keeping away from you. Said you were the finest man he'd ever known and that he...” He stopped.
Steve tensed up when the doors swept open again. The President and four others stumbled out. “Sir!” Rhodey was at his side first. “Are you okay?”
“Squeeze,” Bruce instructed, nodding in satisfaction. “It’s sort of a modification of what they use in gamma-knife surgery.” They both stared at him blankly. Bruce sighed. “It doesn’t matter,” he said. “Just trust me that this is the best way to get rid of the crap that Hydra put in your brain.”
,” Tony said. “She hasn’t shut up since I regained consciousness. She has a crap-load of things she wants us to do to help her run more efficiently.”
Clint pressed the call button. Steve motioned for them all to step away, give him some privacy, but Clint shook his head, holding a hand up to stay them. “Laura?”
Steve shook his head. “Everything,” he repeated. He leaned across to press a kiss against Tony’s smiling mouth.
Steve turned to leave, expecting Bucky to follow. When he wasn’t right behind him, he looked back. Bucky was staring at Tony. “I’m coming back.”
“I’m not forgetting the fact that you kept this a secret from us, Tony.” Steve’s face was set in stern lines. “This Registration Act could cause a lot of trouble for us and our friends.”
Clint snorted. “The difference is that the dick who did it to me is sitting in front of me asking me to trust him.”
Bucky pushed at his hands. “Stop it, Stevie. I already told you that I’m okay.” His eyes flashed with annoyance.
“God,” Tony dug his palms into his eyes. “This is why I hate people. They make demands and everything gets so fucking messy.”
“That’s not quite true,” Steve said. Rhodey looked at him in question. “He has a different standard for me.”
“You been living under a bus, Rogers?” Clint asked, towel swung around his neck as he approached. “The Mandarin is some lunatic who’s bombed a bunch of places. He’s seriously crazy.”
He nodded. Distractedly. And tapped once. Against the incredible hard and well-formed chest of the college football star otherwise known as Captain America.
“I’ve been waiting about a hundred years,” Steve protested over his shoulder. “You should be happy for me! It’s your duty as a best friend!”
“What?” Tony was sure that he looked exceptionally unattractive right now with how his eyes were bugging out of his head. He stuck a finger in his ear and wiggled it a little. “I must be hearing things.”
Tony felt almost obliged to protest this. “Shut up, Rogers. I am not cute. I am the opposite of cute.”
“Oh, you do not get to do that.” Bruce put his hand out. “You are the poster boy for self-destruction, Tony.”
“Buck…” Steve reached out with his other hand, rested his palm on the nape of Bucky’s neck. “If anyone rates a small slice of happiness, then it’s you.”
“Is it hurting him?” Steve hated to think of Bucky in pain. Especially pain that was caused by something those bastards at Hydra had done to him.
“He’s my brother,” Thor said. “I love him and will do whatever I must to restore him to his proper form.” He paused. “What happens after is no guarantee.”
“I don’t need you to trust me in order to fulfill my duty as a guardian of earth.” Strange remained calm under their glares. “I just need to cast the spell.”
Pepper sighed. “I'll just be going, okay?” She looked at Tony. “Don't do that again,” she warned. “My wrath will be swift and awful.”
Bruce followed him. “No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones. That already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony...” Tony had seen Bruce nervous. He’d seen him afraid. He’d
“I'm responsible for my own evolution, Tony,” Vision assured him. “J.A.R.V.I.S. was the infant version of me.”
“Breathe, Tony,” Pepper urged. Her voice was almost frantic; Tony could hear the panic that she was struggling to keep under control.
“Tony’s talking again,” Clint said, carefully avoiding Steve’s eyes. “Maybe we should finally give him the benefit of the doubt and listen.”
“I would advise you to stop blurting whatever comes up into your brain,” Natasha said. “But it’s way too much fun to watch you flailing.” She was obviously an emissary of Satan himself. “Bucky is going to have a lot of fun with you.”
“The travails of being a genius,” Tony declared loftily. “Seriously. Don’t stay here. Come back with me.” Tony wasn’t used to begging.
“Mine.” Tony brushed the long strands of hair from Bucky’s face in a move so tender it made Steve choke up. “Ours. Yours. Bucky.”
Thor put him on his feet with a contrite brushing off of his jacket. “I always forget how fragile you mortals are,” he mumbled by way of apology.
“I bet you’re trolling me,” Tony mumbled, snuggling up to Bruce. “Aren’t we inviting Rhodey to this little soiree?”
Steve dropped an arm around Tony’s shoulders, smiling a little. Tony would actually perform like a dancing monkey to keep that expression on Steve’s face forever. Bucky took over Tony’s perch on the armrest, draping himself across the wide back.
The jet wobbled in the sky as Clint lost control, bellowing his anguish and clutching at his head. The autopilot engaged just as they started a downward spiral.
Tony turned his gaze to Natasha whose eyes were bright and mouth was smiling. “Totally worth it,” he said, jutting his chin out toward her. “Totally.”
“Bucky is all I have left of my past. Peggy had died. You were pushing us to sign the Accords without giving us the chance to contribute.” Steve didn’t move as Tony’s muscles tensed even more. “But I was wrong. You’ve never let me down, Tony. Even that first day when we started out sniping at each other, you put your life at risk without taking a breath. I forgot that in my panic to keep Bucky safe. If I’d spoken to you, told you the truth, I know you’d have protected him.”
“You are right,” Loki inclined his head. “I cannot hold my child accountable for the sins of the mother.” Tony could actually feel the tension in the room drop. He hadn’t realized it had gone up.
“This is most disturbing,” Thor declared, jostling Loki from his slouch against his shoulder. “It explains so much of your unfortunate history.”
The rest of the team turned to watch them leave with varying degrees of interest. Steve felt the throbbing in his forehead begin again.
want the mental image of the two of you doing the nasty in my head, Rogers!” Rhodes called after them. “Stop that right now!”
He hadn’t let Jim see the arm while he’d been working on it. Just forced him to stand for hours getting the 3-D images done. The bitching had only started after the third hour. Soldiers, it seemed, were used to standing still for ages.
Tony felt the hangover pound through his body with a terrible vengeance. “Let me shower first,” he said, knowing he couldn’t put this off forever.
Bucky grabbed Tony’s hand, lacing their fingers together. “He’s had a lifetime of being the face of something,” he said, still speaking softly. “He feels like Ross approached you because he only thought of Steve as a figurehead and you were the actual leader.”
Tony realized that he’d moved further down the abyss than he’d thought. He lifted his chin to look up at the watery light above him. The edge of the crevasse looked very far away. “Are you using magic to get us down there faster?” he asked Strange.
“While that’s all very noble, I doubt the rest of your friends would agree.” Loki met Natasha’s impassive gaze, slid his eyes over to Clint. “I’m sure there will be little mourning once I’m in the Collector’s hands.”
“Because before, you didn't have me.” Carol sounded just like Tony. Thor was right. He liked her too.
The light sparkling at the corner of his vision heralded the onset of a panic attack as he grabbed at his chest, pushing at the flesh as though he could get his heart to work harder, work better.
“Wait.” Lucifer held up a hand. “Are you sure I cannot persuade you to release me?” He reached behind him and tugged someone forward. “Release us?” The other occupant was a young man, about mid-twenties, with haunted eyes and a gaunt face.
“Yeah, you’re in the wrong place then, buddy,” Bucky said. Steve moved up a little closer to Bucky to give Thor more room.
“I’ll keep reminding you of that,” Tony said. “Especially when I ignore your orders.” He grinned at Steve as he said it.
easy,” he said. The doors of the elevator slid open at the top floor and they stepped out. He balked. “I don’t know if this is a good idea.”
“My Jane is a woman of superior strength,” Thor declared, eyes bright with the light of a zealot. “She is most capable of accepting my hammer!”
Steve sat down with a relieved sigh. “Thanks Vision, I’ll feel better knowing what he’s doing. Maybe tell him and Bruce to come up for some food?”
Although having spent time with Bucky, he’d seen chinks in the facade he gathered around him like armor. He could recognize a damaged soul because it was like looking in the mirror.
Steve tugged him close, hands comfortably resting on Tony’s ass. It was very distracting. “No, you idiot. I was trying to get information on you.”
“Not really,” Steve said softly. “She’s always been aware. I just think that she’s finally found her voice.” He felt a little bit like a proud father.
Tony sighed. “So, I maybe did something stupid.” He hated admitting it, but running like that hadn't been his smartest move.
“I heard you were together, my friends!” Oh god, Tony groaned. All this crazy set-up needed was a Thor.
“If I’m right, and let’s face it, I usually am, the Brothers Trim will most likely shock the crap out of Vision.” Tony rubbed his hands gleefully together.
Apparently Clint was a tattle-tale. Tony glowered at him. “Not cool, you’re supposed to have my back,” he told Clint.
“I wish you could believe how dazzling you are,” Steve said. He ran his hand over Tony’s cheek. “May I kiss you?”
Pepper rolled her eyes. “You know you look gorgeous,” she said, smoothing hands across his shoulders and straightening his tie. “Stop fishing for compliments.”
Tony’s mouth was soft, Steve thought. He hadn’t expected the tenderness. Watching Bucky bite and break Tony apart was beyond sexy, but the small sounds that Tony made as Steve kissed him were even more entrancing.
Steve lunged towards Bucky but was stopped by Bruce’s hand. “No, you mustn’t touch him. The gamma rays are positioned within the machine so that they are emitted almost like a scalpel. They are slicing into the nanites right now, disintegrating them. I’m not sure what would happen if you interfered.”
Silence reigned for a few minutes. It was surprisingly comfortable, Tony thought. Considering that they were facing the end of several worlds, including their own.
“Don’t cheat, you fucker!” Bucky bellowed at him as the metal armor flew towards him, blanketing him in enough protection that even the Winter Soldier wouldn’t be able to get to him.
Just then a cab pulled up and Reed Richards climbed out. “Fuck.” Tony rubbed his eyes. “Thanks Hap, I’m not sure how long I’ll be.”
Steve laughed. He couldn’t help himself. He was really glad to get to know this kid in this life. He’d missed out on so much.
Tony felt extremely put-upon. “Excuse me, but my genius ability to think laterally just saved our asses from literal Hell. I can’t be held responsible for
Bucky sniggered. “That guy of ours is a special brand of crazy. Dum-Dum would have loved him.” He wandered over to the bar. “I need a drink.” The whiskey he poured was large.
Hulk helped him up. “Helped” being a sort of broad way to describe the fact that one second Tony was on his back on the floor of a forest, and the next he was dangling by the wrist. “Thanks, dude. I'm up now. You can put me down.” Turned out, hanging from one arm while the armor dragged the rest of your body down, wasn't so great for the arm.
It was pretty dark. Tony recited the Fibonacci numbers under his breath as he tried not to let the panic overwhelm him. Ever since Afghanistan and the cave he’d had a few issues with dark confined spaces. Entirely logical, he told himself.
“I’ll let you put a bullet in my brain before I betray him again.” He allowed Rhodes to see the truth in his eyes. “I give you my word.”
Bucky snorted a laugh. “I can't imagine what she saw in you, Stark.” His eyes said something very different. Tony was going to have to deal with that and soon.
“You’ve never had a cat, Tony,” Pepper said, reaching out to touch his forehead. “What happened, Captain?”
He yawned, lifting his arms above his head in a luxurious stretch. He stopped abruptly when he realized he was flanked by two bodies.
“Please, Tony, I’m exhausted. I don’t think I can stay awake another moment, but I also can’t deal with you being out of arms reach just yet.” Steve pulled out the big guns. Tony was helpless against the eyes.
“But me?” That was not a bleat or a whine, Tony insisted. It was a legitimate question. He started lacing the shit-kicker boots that Natasha had ordered him to wear.
“Bruce! Buddy! My angry, sad, lost little lamb!” Tony threw his arms around Bruce. And pulled back with a wince. “My naked, sweaty,
“Steve was the one who actually told me that you were here,” Bruce said. “He called me when you left.”
Bucky shrugged. “It felt right.” He turned to look at Steve. “You okay with that?” It sounded like a challenge.
Sam just sank down, dropping his forehead to the table. “It’s humiliating is what it is,” he said to the floor.
Steve knew. He’d been here before, in another life, with another friend, and he knew how this ended.
“You keep doing whatever you two are doing up there,” Bucky said. “I’m pretty happy right where I am.” He lifted one of Tony’s legs over his shoulder.
“How come nobody else knows what a complete asshole you are?” Clint gasped as Steve stepped nimbly out of the way of his punch.
“Only if you say we’re friends,” Tony said, ignoring the tension thrumming through Jim’s body. “When you can tell me what’s waking you up screaming at night,
“Mr. Stark hasn’t regained consciousness yet, Captain Rogers.” She added, “He has been unresponsive for five minutes.”
“We will return as soon as we can,” Thor said. “I have a feeling that it is not only your affinity with our fair city that will be needed. Loki and I are two parts of a whole. I think that perhaps blood will need to be spilled.”
Tony still didn’t understand why he was so quick to follow this guy. Everything about him screamed danger. Tony noticed the slight tremor of the hand on his shoulder. “Nervous?” he asked.
Tony slumped. “Fine, but put them somewhere I can’t see them,” he said. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. cancel that order.”
Tony made an elaborate show of sniffing her. “You smell perfect, Pep, don’t be so hard on yourself.” This time it was Steve who dug into Tony’s ribs. He jumped away with an aggrieved noise. “Ganging up on me is not cool.”
Right then, Tony knew that he’d do whatever he had to so that Steve Rogers remained on the earth. Even if it meant having to burn the whole world down.
Clint went a little pale. “Yes, ma’am.” This time it was Tony who hid his smile. It looked as though the Barton relationship was on its way to recovery, despite the fact that Clint was an idiot. Tony had told Laura that she could do so much better. She had agreed.
Strange turned away once more. “The abyss is where Jörmungandr is hiding.” He lifted a slender hand, pointing at the jagged scar in the ground below them.
Bruce and Tony talk .... a lot. Steve realizes that he may have been over-hasty. Why doesn't anyone just
“I’m betting Loki was sent to collect the Tesseract for this Thanos guy,” Tony said instead to Thor.
“It is still your child.” Tony loved that Steve could see the worth in anyone. “And if this kills your child then you should be sad.”
Steve wanted to go back in time and break all of every single Hydra scientist’s bones. What they’d done to Bucky, what they were still doing to him, even in their absence, was appalling.
“I do my best,” Tony acknowledged, yelping a little as Steve dropped him onto the bed. “This is getting seriously old, you dicks,” he said. “I’m not a doll to be dragged around and moved howev….” His words were muffled as Steve dropped on top of him, mouth fierce against his.
“Councilors.” Tony walked into the room with Vision at his back. He didn’t bother to attempt to disguise himself. Nobody on the planet was ignorant of what Tony Stark looked like anyway.
“Crowley got the promotion when Lucifer was locked up,” Sam said, watching closely as Dean tied the end of the rope around his own waist. “I don’t think he’ll be keen on giving it up.”
Clint flipped her off too and then yelped when she reached over and pinched his bicep. “You are a truly horrible woman, Romanoff.”
Clint held out a hand. “You got pen and paper?” He knew very well that Steve carried a notebook with him at all times. He documented many of their discoveries with drawings in the book that captured the excitement of the moment rather than the science of it. He handed it to Clint with a grimace.
“They’re hunters.” Crowley stared at him like he was a moron. “They kill demons for a living. What do you think?”
Bruce’s lips quirked, but it didn’t erase the worry from his eyes. “Tony, you stopped breathing for almost two minutes.”
Bucky flexed his arm. “I haven’t really taken this puppy for a test drive,” he said, looking at Tony. “I reckon a god would be a pretty good way to assess whether you did an okay job.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Truthfully, he hates superhumans. His daughter died as a result of a fight with Banner and another of Hydra’s experiments. Me, he tolerates because he knows that my real superpower is my brain.”
“No, you really didn’t.” Tony’s voice had them both looking up, startled. “You told me that I was making a mistake. You swore that you’d never allow yourself to be used again. You almost killed me in Siberia without once asking me if I had a plan.” His dark eyes were somber and made Steve feel about two feet tall. “When have I
“So much of possible, buddy. In fact, it’s highly probable that your little exercise in revenge on your dad is going to end up destroying your world as well as ours. You ever heard of a little thing called Ragnarök?” Tony decided that being tactful with the jolly blue giant was over-rated.
Tony scowled, but Steve saw him lift his hand again and touch his lips. It was clear that Bucky had surprised Tony with the kiss and it made want Steve to kick his own ass. He’d been so focused on Bucky that he hadn’t looked at Tony. He wasn’t going to make that mistake again.
“You are ridiculously perfect, you do know that right?” Tony said through masticated cheese and ham.
Tony refused to admit the thrill, hearing Bucky call his house home, gave him. He straightened up and barely controlled his jump when Bucky dropped his head onto his shoulder. Bucky was out a second later. It was half terrifying, half gratifying to have this trust from him.
“You are not helping, Clinton,” Natasha said. It was enough to shut Clint up. Steve really had to get lessons from Natasha on how to do that.
Tony just stared at him. And then shook his head. “God, you drive me nuts,” he whispered. “Just when I think I’ve figured you out.”
Steve was suddenly there beside him, eyes frantic. “What’s wrong?” he asked, hands hovering as though he wanted to touch, to grab.
And Tony thought that maybe salvation came in the form of a broken one-armed man with misery in his eyes and desolation on his hands.
Steve couldn't believe what he'd just seen and heard. He sat there trying to understand everything. He heard the buzz of conversation around him but didn't hear the words. Tony had done this. He had put everything on the line in their behalf and somehow won.
Tony shook his head, swallowing the last of the pancakes. “I know better.” He pointed his fork at Coulson. “I hope you realize what you’ve done.”
Tony shifted a little, looked warily over at Steve. “Yeah,” he admitted. “Thought I was in the way.”
Strange nodded. “The Eye of Agamotto will be our portal to the place where Jörmungandr is to be found.” He touched a hand to the amulet against his chest.
If Tony wasn’t freaking out he would have face-palmed so hard. All that effort at a distraction for nothing!
“The demon god Set is the original owner of this piece of wickedness,” Wanda stated, staring down at the crown.
Dinner is served. Bruce tries to explain multiverse theory. Tony gets an idea. Rhodey gets a call. Bucky is done with Loki.
Dean sighed. “The one the church has used to scare the kids into being obedient for centuries, yeah.” He met Tony’s gaze. “But trust us when we say, what you’ve read about the douche is only about half as bad as he really is.” Dean’s eyes slid over to where Sam sat, thumb pressing his palm.
“Eh,” Tony still sounded as though he’d swallowed helium. “I’ve had worse.” He saw Natasha narrow her gaze. “But a long time ago!” he added hastily. “It involved torture and blood and pain and my heart being ripped out.” He watched her nod in satisfaction, and breathed a sigh of relief.
It only took a few seconds, but it felt like ages when Wanda eventually stepped back into Vision’s arms, drooping a little as he caught her.
“Then I need you to tell me to pull the stick out of my ass if I’m being too unbending,” Steve countered, grabbing his hand hard. “This world isn’t black and white. I need you to help me see the shades of grey.”
“The last meeting between the serpent and Thor is predicted to occur at Ragnarök, when Jörmungandr will come out of the ocean and poison the sky…” Vision intoned.
“What if things were different? Where would you begin to make amends?” Tony lifted his head to peer at whoever was talking, but he was just
“You need to leave.” Pepper stood in front of Steve, arms folded. “I don’t think this is a good idea. Not yet, anyway.”
Bucky’s lips were slightly swollen. They were a magnet. “Now that sounds like a challenge, Stark.” His eyes were narrowed and Tony could see the strategist behind them. The same expression he saw on Steve’s face every time they headed into battle.
“Bucky was my first kiss,” Steve confessed, a gorgeous smile sliding affectionately across his mouth.
Steve laughed, it sounded like he was crying. He felt like it. “He never stops,” he said. “Not when it’s important. He just. Doesn’t. Stop.”
“Okay with what?” Tony hedged. He wasn't being difficult. Not really. He just had to figure out what Bucky was referring to. Or rather what part of what he'd confessed that Bucky was referring to.
“Okay,” Steve shrugged, spitting out the toothpaste foam and rinsing his mouth out. Tony gaped at him as he stepped into the shower, lifting his head as the warm water immediately started falling. It appeared that a sexually satisfied Steve was a hedonistic Steve.
“Why don’t we get the stone first? We can always deal with the Collector once we’ve done what we need to do.” Tony’s practical suggestion took Steve by surprise.
him. “It seems like there may have been a misunderstanding and one of you,” he cocked a hairy eyeball at Tony, “got a bug up his ass and ran away.”
“Captain America!” Coulson’s goofy smile usually made Tony want to tease him, but right now, his heart was beating too fast to come up with the words. This felt important, consequential.
Steve nodded. “It took me a while to understand what Clint meant.” Steve sent a hard glare Clint’s way. The back of Hawkeye’s head was an unsatisfactory target. “I didn’t know that he…” He stopped, stared down at his hands. “We didn’t really talk about stuff like that back in my day.”
Steve brushed an imaginary hair off Tony's forehead. “I like him talking,” he said. “It means he's alive and okay.”
Steve wasn't sleeping. He went over and over the day's events and at every turn he understood that he'd messed up. With Tony, with Bucky, with the team.
“Of course I know who I am,” Tony snapped. “I’m Dr. Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.”
“Uh….” Tony had no idea how much Thor had heard. But he was being so very Thor-like in his exuberance that nobody would be able to stop him.
“The Colonel is doing some physiotherapy with Derek,” Friday said. “Mrs. B and Lady Boss are in the study going through some paperwork. Doc is in his laboratory doing something that I think might either blow us all up, or give us all superpowers.”
“It is what I deserve.” Loki's face set. “Please, let us move beyond this and consider what our options are, should your Man of Iron fail.”
Bucky concentrated on adding syrup to his pancakes. “I’m sure it’ll be fine,” he said, nodding his thanks when Wanda handed him a mug of coffee.
Steve exchanged a worried look with Thor. “Loki?” Steve asked, remembering what Thor had told them about the current situation in Asgard.
Tony put both his hands on Bruce’s shoulders. “You are marrying the most beautiful woman in the world,” he said. “The fact that she could gut you like a fish has nothing to do with your fear.”
“Huh.” Bruce suddenly seemed a little less tragic. It made Tony do an inner tap-dance of joy. Bruce had had enough tragic in his life to last for several lifetimes.
“You listen to me, James Buchanan Barnes.” He rested his forehead against Bucky’s. “You gave me purpose again. I was drifting around like a ship without a rudder and you came into my life and grounded me.”
“J.A.R.V.I.S. will always be with you, Tony.” Vision stood in front of Tony, looking more human, more real, than he could bear. “I have transferred his matrix to your mainframe. He and F.R.I.D.A.Y. are busy getting to know each other.”
“I’m just calling to give you the sit-rep, you assholes.” Steve sounded as though he was about to lose his temper. “Stay the fuck at home!”
“G’night,” he slurred, slumber pulling at his limbs. He hoped the dreams would remain at bay tonight.
“Thank you for getting us home,” Steve said, ignoring the hostile words. “Thank you for giving us a home to come back to.”
“While I’m happy to carry on with this amazing scenario, I believe we have been summoned.” Tony deserved
“Yeah,” Tony said. “I mean, he slaughtered Laura and the kids. I’m surprised Clint didn’t ask earlier.” Clint had never asked. Not in Tony’s timeline. And perhaps that had been the tipping point for the Avengers. Why they’d fallen apart so easily when the SRA had come up.
Steve just pulled him into his arms, out of Tony’s grasp and held on. He kept saying Bucky’s name over and over again, a mantra of joy and love.
“Put like that, I reckon the world is in a shitload of trouble.” Bucky’s mouth twisted. “So, anyone got a plan?”
“Why?” Dean met his gaze without hesitation. “I’ve been here, nothing’s gonna get us here, trust me, the worst is still to come.”
“’M not a dog.” Tony decided to move on principle. And the tiles beneath him decided to do the foxtrot. “Whoah.” He stared down to where his feet seemed to be moving in the opposite direction to his body. “Tha’s defying the laws of physhics!” he declared.
“The President is about to address the nation,” she said, pushing him into a seat facing the large screen television on the opposite wall.
“Yes, I want that option!” Tony exclaimed. “I didn’t think I had a chance with Steve and now you’re telling me that he actually wants me? Hell to the yes!” He sucked in a breath. It hurt. “I’ve got a feeling that I don’t have much time, though.”
Steve’s flat look spoke volumes. Bruce hid his laugh in his hand, the traitor. Coulson’s dry, “Please,” didn’t help either.
“Gee, I don’t understand why the hell you don’t like him,” Clint said. Tony barely stopped before he stuck his tongue out at him.
Since Natasha had stared at him with dead eyes when he told her that his stealth technology had worked a little
Steve waited. Bucky seldom spoke without having something important to say. It had been one of the biggest changes in his friend. That smart-assed, quick-speaking flirtatious guy was gone forever. In his place was a man who thought before he spoke. Who measured his words like a perfumier.
“I have relayed the message, sir,” JARVIS said. “Director Fury said that it’s about motherfucking time you stepped up.”
“Protection?” Steve spat the word. “Is that how you see this? This is protection? It's internment, Tony.”
Steve nodded. “I’m sure F.R.I.D.A.Y. will also tell us when they get back.” He watched as Vision carefully lifted Wanda into his arms. She lay lax against him, finally succumbing to her exhaustion.
He could hear Tony breathing hard as the AI opened the channel. “Stark! Colonel! Can you both please stop this juvenile crap right now!” Steve hated losing his temper, but it honestly felt like he was dealing with a bunch of kindergartners.
A gorgeous brunette stood in front of him, mouth red as the suit she wore and almost too bright to look at. “Are you God?”
“I’m happy because I have the best friends in the world. Friends who would literally lie on a grenade for me.” Tony had managed to avoid the water-works at the wedding ceremony, but apparently he was still emo-guy. “I’m happy because I have the best job in the world.”
Tony about swallowed his tongue. “Oh my god, the world needs to know just how much of a sass-monster you are, Steven Rogers.”
