“I get it,” Natasha said, her voice a little broken. Steve tightened his grip on her. “Sometimes it’s best to just keep it to yourself.” She turned to him and smiled a brave smile. “Isn’t it?”
“Good. Great,” Tony said, automatically putting on his most winning paparazzi-and-PR smile. “Have a seat, John. May I call you John? ‘Cause you can definitely call me Tony. I like getting on a first-name-basis with people.”
Tony gave the cat another cuddle, then sat him gently on the nearest table.  He slid his arms around Steve’s trim waist and pulled him closer.  “He only outranks you in title, baby.
going away, “-then we can leave around eight. Maybe stop and get a burger somewhere. Then when we get home...you know. Celebrate?”
Tony touched him, running his fingers gently up his arm to his shoulder, traced the sweet column of his throat, the hollow at the base, the jut of his adam’s apple, then stroked slowly along the sharp line of his jaw.  They found the silky promise of his hair and curled into it, using that bit of leverage to pull him closer.  “Come here, baby,” he whispered, and Steve leaned into him, sighing as Tony kissed his high cheekbone, then his mouth.
Tony felt a lump growing in his own throat and swallowed past it.  He smiled.  “You’d better say you love me, soldier.  Or I’ll feed all your Pop Tarts to that damn squirrel you love so much.”
He lowered his head. Nodded a little. He hung onto the smile. He’d learned from a very young age how to mask his feelings. How to make it okay for everyone else without showing how his own heart was being torn to pieces like tissue paper. “No,” he said softly. “I guess I don’t.”
Tony heard the water going one last time, and tried to put his focus back on Clint’s arrows.  Officially, he was retired, but sometimes Clint still came on-board.  Like with Baxter.  Tony supposed he was a “consultant”.  Like Tony himself.
Steve looked at Tony.  There were strain-lines on his face.  “I’m tired,” he said, then glanced around at the others.  “I’m sorry, guys.  I hate to be the wet blanket, but…”
Steve leaned across the center console and kissed him, cupping his cheek with one large hand. “Get us there, Tony,” he said.
“People like me over there, Tony,” Steve said at last. “They respect me. Here, I’m just another poor, stupid kid, but over there, I’m Corporal Rogers. That’s not really a big deal, but I’m in line for a promotion. To Sergeant. And that
Disappointment moved through him.  “Oh,” Tony said.  “I’m sorry.  I gave it to Jeff.  I’ll have him show it to you.”
There was no real surprise.  An initial jolt at seeing someone--anyone--here in this once-public space that had, more recently, become much more private, but that was all.  He didn’t have drop-in visitors.  He invited people sometimes, but no one except Thor came here unannounced.  But there he was, his body outlined in wintry blue, the light turning his already pale skin unearthly white.  He had gained a little weight since Tony had seen him in the hospital, but he was still thin.  This afternoon, he’d been wearing a leather coat, but he’d tossed it onto the back of the couch, and standing there in just his sweater, he was definitely thinner than when he had shared his life with Tony.
He shook his head, lost in his memories of this morning, and of the past. “I kept hearing that kid screaming. Even when I was far away from him, I kept hearing it. It was just like a constant thing in my head.” He looked up at Tony then. His eyes were dark, haunted. “I’d heard that before, you know? Kids screaming. Except they weren’t screaming because they were pissed over not getting a banana or whatever. It was ‘cause a bomb had just gone off. Or they were starving. Or their dad got shot. Stuff like that.”
and rip into them about the extra minutes Steve was in there, and how he should be paid cash money for every second they kept him in there.
Steve came to him, moving slowly in the water. He didn’t take his hand, even when he got close enough, just looked at it warily, and Tony laughed again softly. “Closer,” he said, and opened and closed his fingers a few times for emphasis. “Come on. I won’t bite.”
Steve tried to leave his nerves behind, but they followed them through the lobby, into the elevator, and then down the hallway to Tony’s front door. He lived in the penthouse. Of course, he lived in the penthouse. Howard Stark would not live anywhere but the penthouse, Steve thought bitterly, and that broke his heart a little, because he had never been bitter about people who had more than he did. But when Tony opened the door and he saw the room, all the expensive, beautiful, delicate-looking things inside, he couldn’t help but feel
“A couple of my guys have hypos up their sleeves. Bump into someone, push the plunger...easy.” He raised his eyebrows, smiling at Steve. “Pretty cool, huh?”
like it was already a foregone conclusion that they would be in a position to worry about things like Christmas.
“Do you--” Tony whispered, but Strange cut him off with a curt wave of his hand.  Tony closed his mouth, but couldn’t shut off his worry.  Steve was moaning himself now, his body continuously shuddering.  Sweat gathered on his brow, at the hollows of his temples.  His breath was ragged, ripping in and out of his parted lips as though the very act of respiration itself was excruciating.
make me think about you with Barton, Steve. I’ll have to gouge my brain out if you make me think about that.”
Indecision fluttered through her body, making her shiver.  She reached out and closed her hand over his.  He looked at her with wild, grief-stricken eyes.  “Sam went to find Tony,” she said.  “Maybe with the suit--”
“Mom,” he said, distressed, but she waved him off with one hand, while the other rose to cover her mouth to keep in a sob.
Tony sighed, as if realizing, just the way Steve had done, that July was something that would not happen. Not this year, anyway. Maybe never.
Tony took his hand off the box and Steve picked it up. He ran his thumb over the top, where their initials were engraved in entwined calligraphy. The hand still holding Tony’s tightened almost painfully as he opened the box and looked at the ring inside.
He went to the door and put his head against it, listening. There wasn’t any sound from inside, but that didn’t mean much. Steve could be pretty quiet when he wanted to. He cleared his throat and lifted a hand. He tapped on the wood with the knuckle of his index finger. “Baby?” he said softly. “Steve? It’s Tony.”
“Do you really think it’s a good idea for you to go charging after him after the way you two left things?” She caressed the base of his throat with her thumb while keeping the rest of her hand firmly in place.  “Come on, Steve.”
“Before he snapped.  And then when he did, they could show the world what a monster he was.  And then they could get rid of him.  That’s what they wanted, Tony.  They just wanted to get rid of him like an old, worn-out shoe.”
“I know the kind of stuff he says, Tony!” he flared. “But you can’t react. He feeds off that. I told you. I told you how he is, and still.”
He led her over to where Sarah stood, and maneuvered her in front of him. “This is Mrs. Rogers,” he said. “She’s Steve’s mom.”
trouble. He might just be somebody’s grandson coming for a quick, obligatory visit before running off to whatever club was currently the most popular downtown. That’s probably all it was. It didn’t matter anything to Steve in any case. He was here to work, not watch some
Steve closed his eyes. He wondered how Tony felt about that. It broke his heart to think of it. It broke his heart for both of them. All three of them, Morgan’s mother included. “Do you still have bad dreams?” he asked.
“Stay close, peanut,” he said, and she yelled back a loud, “‘Kay!” then went back to chasing sunbeams.
“Oh, don’t mind daddy, Sir Purr.  He’s just grumpy because he hasn’t eaten yet,” Tony said, petting the cat’s sinewy back.
He didn’t do it for Steve. Oh, hell no. He did it for Clint. And Pepper. And Thor. He did it for everyone who voted on the Fourth. And why not? They were all his friends. And he liked doing nice things for his friends. His
That’s all. That was all. He just left. Left Tony standing there. Left his own heart in a burnt crumble on the floor, unacknowledged at Tony’s feet. And it was fine. More than fine--better. Just the way he had told Tony. It was better,
Tony fell to the floor in a heap.  The flashlight slipped out of his hands and skittered across the room, throwing a kaleidoscope of light every which way.
Tony took him in his arms and held him.  Steve curled against him, head buried against  his stomach, arm around him, hand clutching his back.  “It’s okay,” Tony said, running his hands through Steve’s hair, rubbing soothing circles against his back and shoulders.  “Hey, it’s alright.  Don’t, baby, it’s okay.”
Steve looked at him steadily. There was still water on his pale cheeks. His eyelashes looked ridiculously long. His hair looked darker, slicked back from his forehead, sending rivulets of water down the long line of his chest. Tony could follow the course of one of them if he wanted to. Follow it from Steve’s hairline, down the smooth cords of his neck, past his shoulder to his chest, down to the revelation that was his abs, then down to where the water met his skin around his waist. Tony’s imagination could easily supply the rest of his body. Christ knows, he’d done it before. Many times. Far too many times. An embarrassing number of times. The fact that it was
Bucky ran a hand through his hair.  It was another Steve-gesture, and Tony’s heart ached a bit for him.  After Siberia, Tony had never thought he would feel anything but hatred for the man standing before him, but now, seeing him here, talking to him,
Tony scritched his fingers across Steve’s scalp, making him sigh.  “Yeah.  I am,” he said.  “It will be cathartic.  For all of us.”
“I took a few photos,” he said. “With your permission, I’d like to show them to Mr. Wong, the head of our art department at S.I. I think he’ll be impressed too.” Howard smiled a little, his eyebrow still cocked. “And he
you sulk when I don’t just bow down and give you what you want.” He shook his head. “And this is all after I find out you spent the night with Stark a few days ago.”
“It was fucking amazing,” Sam said. “You should have seen the blood spurt out of Ross’s nose when Tony hit him.”
might entail, and he didn’t want to find out. The personal stuff wasn’t his area of expertise either.
Natasha was waiting for him when he pulled up.  Steve parked his bike and got off.  “Where is he?” he asked.
“Make me feel better? You always make me feel better,” he answered, and Tony’s heart cracked a little. Just a little. Because this couldn’t happen. It couldn’t. He was married now. He had a wife back in California. A daughter. A
“I don’t wanna take pills,” Steve said, his voice firm.  “You said it was just talking.  Nobody ever said I had to take drugs.”
Steve gave up trying to study.  It was getting close to being close to dinner-time.  If he started now and moved slow, by the time he was done cooking, it would
“Promise?” Steve asked, and Tony reached for him, kissed him long and hard, pouring all of his love and passion into it. Steve could feel it coursing through him, passing from Tony to him on his breath.
old.  No, a gray hair or two didn't bother him.  He chalked his irritation up to the no-orgasm thing.  He really had been close.
Steve let Tony help him over to the wall and leaned against it.  He drew his knees up and crossed his arms over his chest, making himself as small as possible.  Tony sat across from him, legs outstretched, leaning on a pillar.
Tony glanced at Steve. He was looking at Natasha again, listening to her talk, but Tony could still see that pink tinge to his cheeks. “Of course, he likes me,” he said lightly. “I’m extraordinarily likeable.”
He laughed, a slow, sleepy rumble in his throat, even as Tony kissed him again. “Yes,” he said. “Still friends.” He opened an eye, dragging it to half-mast so he could look down at Tony. “If you want, anyway. I was kind of a jerk last night.”
Steve took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I don’t know,” he whispered. “I don’t think I’m sorry I did it. Maybe just that I did it without asking first.” He thought about it, feeling Tony’s eyes on him, waiting and watching, and then nodded. “Yeah. I’m sorry I didn’t ask. Not sorry I did it.”
It all sounded like good news. Steve could see why Tony would think it was. Because it sounded like Howard was giving Tony exactly what he wanted. “But?” he said. Because there was a “but”. Of course there was.
Steve looked at him, anger and guilt bright in his eyes.  Tony was thrilled to see it.  Thrilled to have anything take the place of that cold emptiness.  Even if Steve left, as long as he left feeling
Tony tried to be okay with it.  He didn’t want to hurt Gina.  She really was a very nice girl, but if he’d taken anything away from last night with Nat and Bruce, it was that he wanted what they had.  And he couldn’t have that with Gina.
When the meetings were over, he’d walk the streets.  He’d put one foot in front of the other, his hands shoved into his pockets, still hearing phantom voices in his head.  One most of all.  No fear in that voice, just bewilderment.  Given time, it would have changed to fear, but there had been no time.  No time for anything except a name: “--Steve?--” Just that.  He’d walked out of the trees, his gun hanging from his hand, his eyes filled with a dreadful worry, and--
Tony turned, heart picking up its pace again.  He knew what he would see, and wasn’t disappointed.  Or, rather, was exquisitely disappointed.  In himself.  For not preparing Steve for this eventuality.
. This.” He walked closer, closing the distance Steve had put between them. “It’s not my fault I live here, Steve,” he said. “It’s not my fault my father likes to have this stuff. Don’t take it out on me.”
“Because.  Because that’s what I do.  I’m nosy, and I’m pushy, and I’m bossy, and I like to know things that are none of my business.”  He took another step closer, piercing Steve’s personal-space bubble.  “It just so happens, this time I stumbled onto something that is my business.”
“Dodger-” Steve heard, and then Sarah was on her knees beside him, throwing her arms around his neck, and crying into his shoulder.
Steve grunted.  It sounded like a ‘yes’ in his head, but it must not have come out that way, because Tony shook him a little.
He counted to five inside his head.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.  Five.  “Do you think that gives you the right to do this to him?” Tony asked.
, and he wanted him so much he would have given up another fifty percent of the population just to touch his hand.
“No,” Tony said, the word coming out on a breath that was nearly laughter.  “Baby, you should have assumed.  Hell,
“I was going to kill you,” he said.  “I think you deserve it.  After everything you did to him, after all
“I want to be your friend again.  We were friends before we were anything else.  Can’t we go back to that?”
He ran his five miles, and when he came back, he noticed the car was still there. It had been moved sometime during the night, but it was still here. Steve looked at it, and from this close, even he could appreciate the clean lines and gold-flecked paint. With the rising sun hitting it just right, those flecks shone like starlight. Steve smiled. He couldn’t help it. He appreciated form and beauty. He always had. It was something he kept to himself, but he
Bucky laughed a little, and it seemed like some of the tension between them dissipated.  They didn’t become friends in the moment, but Tony felt like they weren’t enemies anymore, and that was a good feeling.
Tony stayed where he was, his chest pressed tight against Steve’s back. Steve could feel him there, the pressure a constant comfort to him. His eyes were squeezed shut--they had been since Tony oh-so-gently closed them with his fingertips--but when Tony slipped the tie over them and knotted it behind Steve’s head, he jerked in his seat. His hands clenched on the down comforter, crushing it in his fists. “Tony?” he said on a sharp exhale of breath. “What are you doing?”
Howard grinned, and it made him look young. Even more like Tony. “He absolutely would. And just between you and I, that’s what I would prefer. But, it’s up to him. That will be his choice when the time comes.”
Wanda’s eyes closed.  Her breathing was long and slow, matching Steve breath for breath.  Their entwined hands clasped in the space between them glowed with an eerie red light as Wanda began to work her magic.  Tony’s eyes met Strange’s.  Neither man spoke, neither man moved, and finally Tony let his eyes be drawn back to the red mist twining around Steve and Wanda’s linked hands.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked. He was working the buckle on Steve’s belt now, doing it with such thoughtful deliberation, then slowly slipping it from around Steve’s waist.
To Tony’s great relief, Steve began moving against him again.  Just a little, just tiny, gentle thrusts, but the feeling was all the more delectable for its delicacy.
Steve nodded slowly, thoughtfully. “I guess that’s true,” he murmured. “How long do you stay in? To get the tuition thing?”
Steve let out a breath. He’d never experienced anything like it before. The feeling of a child’s hand in his, holding on, unafraid. He looked at their clasped hands, then up at Tony. He’d never experienced anything like that either. The look in Tony’s eye. A mixture of happiness, certainty, and heat. It made him feel weak in the knees.
Sam forced the buckle and undid the rest of the closures, then peeled the suit away from Steve’s torso.  Nat clapped a hand to her mouth as a glut of blood, red and dark and thick, gushed from the wound in his side.  His pelvis was twisted and oddly sunken as if someone had picked him up and wrung him like a dish towel.  Sam glanced over to where the gray husk that had once been the Mad Titan laid and realized that was probably exactly what had happened.
Tony nodded. “She’ll settle,” he said. “It’s just the excitement and the late night. She’s usually in bed by eight-thirty.” He gave her one more kiss, then straightened and slid his arms around Steve’s waist. He nuzzled into the crook of his neck. “She’ll be okay.”
He walked away, leaving Bucky and Nat sitting side-by-side on barstools, talking. He kept an eye on them as he skirted around the bar. Bucky leaned into Natasha and said something that made her throw her head back and laugh, and Steve smiled at that. He liked the way they looked at each other. The way they looked together. He and Bucky only had one night left in town. He hoped they’d make the most of it.
Tony came back first.  He breathed in and lowered his hand.  His body eased and he tried to smile.  “Steve,” he said, and watched as the fight drained out of him.  The tension went out of his shoulders.  The fire left his eyes and what replaced it was a despair so great it made Tony stumble back a step.  Never had he seen a look so filled with hopelessness, a look so broken and empty.  Even on his worst days after Afghanistan, after the wormhole, when he thought he’d rather just die, he’d never felt the way Steve looked now.
smile. Which, thinking back now, Steve realized, as he watched Tony slide out of his car and straighten his jacket--leather, with a Pearl Jam t-shirt underneath it--really hadn’t been that often. At least, at first. At least until he came and sat beside Steve at lunch one day and said, “Hey. Whatcha drawing? You’re always drawing. I want to see,” and drug Steve’s notebook toward himself and spent the rest of lunch hour exclaiming over all of Steve’s silly drawings of dancing monkeys and superheroes.
He was sitting at the table in an office chair, a cup of coffee on the table in front of him.  He was skinny, his face gaunt, his eyes wide and dark and haunted.  He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt with a robe open over them.  They looked rumpled as if he’d slept in them.  His hair, always so neat before, stood up in spikes as if he had run his hand through it constantly.  It had gotten grayer at the temples.
Tony smiled, his lips tilting just enough to be interesting. “Maybe you’re just having conversations with the wrong people.”
This is where he was still at his best.  In the lab, machinery whirring, plans hanging in a holographic haze around his head like tangible smoke, lights brights, music loud, the scents of hot metal and electrical currents in the air.  He could do all the rest of it--the human stuff--but this was always easiest.  This was always home.
Then Tony had smiled at him, and Steve felt warm all over.  He’d seemed to hear a melody then, but it hadn’t had anything to do with Alice or her Chains.
He’d practiced on his bed in the hospital room in Wakanda, getting in and out by himself with as much ease and grace as a person could muster.  He’d practiced everything and had gotten very good at all of it.  The chair didn’t impede him much when he didn’t think about it, but here, in this new situation, after the arguments and the hurt feelings and this extremely tenuous truce between them, Tony could see the confidence draining out of his face as he moved up alongside and set the brake.
as Steve. But it wasn’t only that. It was the sweetness that he exuded. The lusciousness of his character. The generosity of his spirit. Tony wanted to bathe in it. Sink down into it. Swim in it. Drown in it.
He didn’t always hear them, but when he did, he felt better. When he did, he slept easier. When he did, it settled him in a way nothing else could. Because he was a solitary guy, yeah, sure, but he didn’t want to feel lonely. Those voices made him feel less lonely. They always did.
Steve sunk into his embrace. “You don’t need to be tested, Tony,” he said. “We just need to talk more.”
Tony came over before Steve could reply.  “Maybe you should replace me.  Get that Jordan guy back.  I’m the worst.”
Sometimes, Tony would come in from the lab, or home from S.I. and find Steve in the kitchen.  The lights would be low, candles already lit on the table, something quiet and mellow on the stereo, Tony's favorite carbonara on the stove.  It was his mother's recipe, and Tony had no idea where Steve had gotten it, but he didn't make it very often. Only a few times a year. Only when Steve felt like it.  When the time was right.
Tony groaned. “Fine. I’ll see you at eight.” He swung his leg over the railing and perched on it like a cat. “Unless you’re interested in a kiss goodnight?”
Howard chuckled a little under his breath, and Tony frowned. That was different. “That’s pretty much what your other friend said,'' he said, and toed his shoes off while Tony watched, incredulous. Fascinated. “But she let me in anyway.” He sat down on the edge of the pool next to Tony and rolled the legs of his pants up with an efficiency Tony could hardly believe. It looked like he’d done it a hundred times before. Like it was second nature. “He was shooting me some pretty sharp daggers on my way out here.” He laughed again and stuck his feet in the pool.
Tony’s mouth was rough and possessive, taking in Steve’s sweetness.  He wanted to bathe in it, drown in it, die from it.  But he wanted to live forever in it, too.  With Steve beside him, he thought there was a chance he
“Not from his end, but you might want to watch out for stray bullets or poison arrows or some shit.  They might be coming for you.”
There was a television in the waiting room, and he tried to focus on that. He tried to pay attention to the insipid morning talk-show hosts, but he couldn’t. It just made him feel even more jittery. His eyes kept straying to the clock on the wall, but in true cliche fashion, the hands refused to move as fast as he wanted them to. And just the way it always did when he was feeling overwhelmed or sad, his mind turned to Tony. Steve wondered how it would feel to have him here with him right now, either telling him jokes to keep his mind occupied, or telling him everything would be okay.
But that boy could still square his shoulders.  That boy could still straighten his spine, and he did it now.
Sam sighed unconsciously.  “He’d pace sometimes,” he said.  “Have you ever been to the zoo and seen the way the tigers pace in front of the bars?”  Tony nodded.  “That’s what he reminded me of.  A tiger in a cage.”
Tony looked at the paper, at her round, girlish hand.  Light years from the scribble that spelled out the inscription at the bottom of that drawing he’d found.  So, too, had been the casual way she asked him out.  Not like that other time.  That other person stumbling his way through it even with Tony’s blatant coaxing and coaching.  Not to mention the complete and utter differences in physicality.
“Don’t get shy on me now, Steve,” Tony said, and closed the distance between them, draping himself over Steve’s chest, throwing his leg over Steve’s leg.  “Better?”
“Of course, I am,” Tony said. He ran his hand over Steve’s bare shoulder. “But that’s what I mean. We’re one of
“That’s ‘cause he was sitting next to Nat,” Steve mumbled. That fuzzy, soft feeling was starting to return. That sensation that made him feel both heavier and lighter. Made him feel like he was both tethered to the ground, and simultaneously soaring high above it. He welcomed it. Embraced it. “He likes her.”
Steve smiled and shook his head.  They’d been at the lake house for nine hours.  Tony had held out longer than Steve had expected.
Steve blinked up at him, lifted his head as if coming out of a dream. “Tony?” he asked, his voice rough with emotion or sleep. Tony didn’t know which.
He found his way into the restroom. It was crowded, and he didn’t really even need it, so he turned around and walked back out. He avoided the corner where Tony and Josh were. He avoided even looking in that direction. He didn’t need to see any more of that. He’d seen his fill. It was burned into his brain. He’d never have to see it again in person. All he’d have to do is close his eyes and there it would be. Tony sprawled on the bench, Josh in his lap, whispering sweet whatevers in his ear. In fact, it was a good thing he had insomnia half the time now. It would give him less chances to see that little display. It was too bad he couldn’t just figure out some way to dig out the memory section of his brain and have done with it. Sure, it might take away the good memories he had, but at least this one would be gone too.
?  They should be carrying Steve around on their shoulders praising his name every minute of every day.  What were they doing instead? Nothing.  Ignoring him.  Making him feel bad.  Beating him up, for god’s sake.
“One year,” Ross spat.  “You deserved ten.  You and your whole merry little band.  And that little red-headed witch deserved life.  She murdered-”
Tony was sitting there now. He’d been waiting for the last fifteen minutes, checking his watch every few seconds, wondering where Steve was. He had his Calc book out, but he’d only worked one problem. Not that it was much of a problem. Not for him, anyway. He could have whipped through the book in a matter of days, but he didn’t. He knew if he worked too quickly or too well, his teacher would tell his father, and then Howard would pull him from this school and send him to a private one.
Bruce ran his fingertips over the intricately-woven knot at the base of his throat.  “Hmm.  Maybe we should have went with the tux.  This
to him. At least he got to have that. And part of him wondered if that was why he acted out as much as he did. To get his father to come closer to him, if only for a moment.
Steve grinned.  He couldn't help it.  He was almost giddy with happiness.  Tony was home. Finally. Seventeen more days in the hospital after he'd woken up.  Seventeen days, four hundred eight hours of alternating between painful cold-sweats, and a drug-induced delirium where Tony either spent the time waxing poetic to Steve about how much he loved him, or confiding in him about the tall, hot blond who came in to sit with him.  "I don't know who he is, but I'd like to climb him like a tree."
The kid nodded curtly.  “Yes, sir.  The inmates call me sir, but may not salute.  If they salute, they’re put in the hole for a week.”
Tony pulled away enough to look him in the eye.  He held Steve’s face in his hands.  His palms were very warm.  “You sure?”
He spent half the day going through his old stuff, sifting through old memories, trying to put himself back in the mindset he’d been in before the world turned to hell.  It was surprisingly difficult.  He wasn’t the same man he’d been before.
Tony slipped his hands from Steve’s throat and ran them over his beard one last time.  Then they moved into his hair and pulled him closer.  He kissed his temple.  Steve’s grip on his hip tightened, the thumb no longer moving, just pressing now against his skin.  It wasn’t painful, but it was deliciously firm.
“Well, I was a little busy.  What with half my team being fugitives and then the world ending, and all.  It was on my to-do list.”
and he lifted his head a little, searching for them, squinting through the dust, his ears ringing but hearing something else anyway. Something loud and piercing, like Mrs. Perkins’s teapot, but more
Then Steve was on his feet, grasping Pietro’s shoulders, telling him, of course, I want you in it, of course, I do, you’re all I want, you’re the most important thing to me, I'll do anything, anything, and then kissing him, kissing him to try and show him that he was telling the truth, that everything he said was real, and not just something he
hadn’t been there when he was seventeen. His face had been smooth, unlined, open and sweet. Tony remembered thinking he’d lost his innocence somewhere along the way. Lost it in the desert.
Jack sighed, but he must have been satisfied with whatever he saw in Steve’s eyes, because he smiled at him again, letting that dimple out. “Okay,” he said finally, and ran his hand up Steve’s arm. “Let’s go.”
“Come on in, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, beckoning him forward, and Howard entered the tiny apartment for the second time in his life. He looked around, but this time, there was no cold judgement on his face, there was only a wary sort of eagerness that Steve understood completely. It was the same look he was sure had been on his own face while he waited for Tony and Morgan outside the aquarium for their first date. He pointed at the couch, and Howard looked at Morgan sitting in front of it, her hair in braids and bows, her hand curled around her crayon. “Sit down.”
. And, if what Steve wanted coincided with what Tony dreamed about, then that was just extra frosting on the cake. Seize the day. Tony had seen that movie.
It was early, but Tony had sunglasses on already. Steve thought it was partly the burgeoning sunrise, partly for style, and partly for any emotions he might want to hide. They’d said a private good-bye that morning, once in bed and once in the shower, then shared a long, fierce kiss before finally leaving to go pick Sarah up, but there were still tears brewing behind Steve’s own eyes. Tony was better at holding them back, but Steve thought that was definitely part of the reason he was wearing them. For insurance.
He walked down the jet’s short stairway and leaned against it.  The sun blared down, but it contained very little warmth, just a hard glow like a megawatt spotlight.  It reflected off the blue of the ocean, kicking sunbursts back into his eyes.  He put his sunglasses on.  He hadn’t slept last night.  Had only tossed and turned, anxious, nervous,
Is that what your wife calls you?  Thaddeus?  Or is she as special as the rest of us, and gets to call you Secretary of State, General Thaddeus Ross?  That’d make for some long-ass dinner table conversations.”
It--Dodge? Is that what he’d called it?--whined low in its throat and barked again, it’s tail whirling like a pinwheel in big, excited swoops. But it stayed put. Not moving from its stomach where it had landed when Steve--
Steve ducked his head, feeling a warm blush on his cheek, and the heat from Tony’s hand on his arm. That want was still there. That need. But.
Steve's lips curved into a small, sad smile.  “Yeah.  For a change.”  He raised a hand and pressed his fingertips to the window.  Even from here, Tony could see the ghostly image of its reflection reaching back, a mirror-twin only prevented from grasping his hand and pulling him away by a thin, icy pane of glass.  “I’m sorry about what I did to you,” he said.
Tony let out a breath.  He was still scared, but even those five little words shut the panic-rat back up in its cage.  However, now the pissed-off monkey that sometimes rattled
Steve’s brow constricted again, a look of sheer longing on his face.  It was the look of a starving man at a banquet.  The look of a man dying of thirst contemplating a freshwater stream.
Steve felt a flare of jealousy, like a red-hot fireplace poker, go straight through his heart, setting his guts on fire with a fierce intensity he hadn’t felt in...well, ever. He ignored it. Or tried to, anyway, but Bucky had to ruin it.
Pietro kissed his mouth. “I’ll come over later, okay? We can sit with your mom for a while then, but I have to meet this deadline. It’s important.”
Tony took Morgan and Steve slipped out the door, casting one look back at Tony bending over the little chest of drawers, Morgan lying on her side on the bed, the shark against her chest, her hair shining in the light from the little rose-colored lamp on the bedside table. Looking at them, at the picture they made, Steve felt a sense of great peace settle over him. He wasn’t entirely sure that he had earned that feeling, but he didn’t turn away from it. It was something he had craved for too long. He didn’t have the strength to abandon it. Even if he only got to have it for this one evening, he was going to revel in it. Luxuriate in it. Get drunk on it.
Steve nodded. “Yeah. Just gonna take a little walk. Maybe get a breath of air. You’re in good hands.”
He let his tongue touch Tony’s, a slow, smooth slide, then pulled away. Not too far. Just enough to break the kiss. “Just treat me like normal, okay?” he asked. “Don’t kid-glove me. I’m fine.”
Steve frowned.  "Isn't that the one where they kill the dog?  I don't want to hear a story where they kill a dog."
But they had gone to an afternoon movie, and when it was over, they’d wandered around town for a little while, window-shopping and looking at the changing leaves on the trees. Steve pointed out the place where they had chased the little dog, Loki, around one night a couple months ago, and Tony had gotten a funny feeling in the pit of his stomach. He had grabbed Steve right there in the street, and kissed him breathless.
“Really?” Tony cocked a skeptical brow then shook his head.  “Go on, then, soldier.  Make me proud.”
“I think it’s for anybody. I think you just have to fill out some-.” Sam looked up from his own books, his eyes suddenly filled with a deep worry. “Steve-” he began.
Steve shoved his hands in his pockets. “You’re not rushing to answer my question either,” he mumbled.
“Good,” Steve said, kissed his mouth hungrily, then moved away. Tony made a disappointed sound, and Steve kissed his stomach before slipping off the bed to kneel at the foot of it. “Don’t, Tony,” he whispered, working the button of Tony’s jeans open and sliding them down his thighs. “It’s okay. I’m gonna take care of you, okay? For real, this time. I’m gonna do whatever you want--whatever I can--to make you happy.”
Steve stood still, indecisive, watching Tony work through it.  There was something between them, that much was painfully obvious, but that didn’t mean it was what Steve wanted it to be.  He hated the ambiguity of it all.  He appreciated straight lines and symmetry.  Tony was chaos, he was order.  Two sides of the same coin.  One could not exist without the other, but they were always at odds, no matter what they did.
Tony watched until he was out of sight and started to go back to the dishes when a sleek black car came down the driveway.
But, in the end, his practicality--and whatever that tiny, bothersome thing in the back of his head that kept him from diving into this--won out. “Not tonight,” he sighed.
“Tony,” he pleaded as nails scraped deliciously over his nipples again, making him jump and twitch helplessly.
get to be something that happened? Tony had no fucking clue. He just knew he was grateful, and he decided to take pity on him.
“What do you want to know, Tony?” she asked quietly.  “I'll tell you, but you have to tell me you want to hear it.”
,” Tony said.  He pushed past Wanda and opened the door.  Nat stood outside.  He pulled her into the room.  “Nat,” he babbled, “Nat, please talk some fucking sense into these people.”
“I know,” Steve said.  “I know I don’t owe him, but...maybe he owes me.  Maybe he’s gonna say something nice.”
He went into the little bathroom and had a quick shower, washed his hair, and let the hot water run over his body until his sore muscles eased. He thought about jerking off, then decided not to. He had an ear cocked for the phone. He hoped Tony would call him tonight, and if he did, maybe Steve could get him to talk him through it. They had never done that before. He thought it was high time they remedied that situation.
He took a deep breath before he went into the office. Ran a hand through his hair. He thought about taking his apron off, then decided against it. This was his job, after all. It was his uniform. If Howard wanted to come to his place of business to conduct whatever business
She mounted the steps, her eyes never leaving his face, and knelt before him.  It seemed almost ecclesiastical, as though she were one of the pious seeking a god’s benediction.  She touched his hand, brought her fingertips to his cheek.
When not in meetings, Steve kept to his room and the training room.  If he was hungry, he asked if the kitchen was empty.  If FRIDAY said it was, he’d go make something and bring it back to the room to eat.  If she said somebody was in there, he waited until they were gone.
“You need more B-12, boss.  I could order you a vitamin tablet,” she paused, “or you could just get more sun.”
Steve’s tongue poked nervously out of his mouth and dabbed his upper lip before disappearing back inside. “I wanted to make you feel better,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
“Steve?” Tony said.  “Baby?”  He looked at the other three, their worry and fear compounding his own.
all day.” He glanced at the open bedroom door. “Or, in there anyway, but I think I’ve changed my mind.”
He found his table after dancing and sat down. Sam was supposed to be here with him tonight, but he’d had an emergency at work. One of his patients had fallen and re-broken her hip, and had begged Sam to stay with her. She was older, and had no family. He couldn’t refuse. He’d called Steve and apologized over and over. Steve told him it was fine. He would be okay. He would be fine. Of course, he would be fine.
Steve was wearing sweatpants and a Yankees t-shirt Tony recognized but hadn’t seen in a long time.  He should recognize it--he’d bought it himself.  Looking at him, Tony wondered how the fuck they had stayed apart for so long.  How did they stand it?  Years, weeks, days, Christ,
was what Ross had really been afraid of.  This light.  This brilliance.  This ability to spark something inside someone else--everyone else.  As much as he liked to believe that Steve was only a dangerous animal, Ross knew deep inside himself that Steve was a man.  A man who could inspire and rally and lead.  Steve--Captain America--was a symbol of higher values, lasting ideals, the things Steve believed in, things men like Ross thought were gone.  This was a new world.  A politicians’ world.  A world made for men like Thaddeus Ross, and he didn’t want to lose that.  None of them did.  The men who had created this world for themselves would do anything to keep it.  Steve believed in equality, goodness, humanity, handshakes.  He looked at the person, not the package, and to some men, the thought that someone like Steve could inspire a new generation into action was probably terrifying.  Had Ross prayed for Steve’s death even as Tony sat by his bedside in Wakanda praying for his life?  Tony thought he had.
When he quieted, she drug a chair closer to him and sat down.  "Do you want to tell me what happened?"
After breakfast, Sarah excused herself to go to bed. She’d been up for hours and was sore and exhausted. Steve and Tony flipped through a few more pages of the book. They were to a safer stage now--no more naked baby butt cheeks--and Steve talked a little about some of the pictures. About his mom. About his childhood. He didn’t say much about his dad. He’d died when Steve was five. He hadn’t really known him that well.
I'm thinking there's one more chapter left. I think i can squeeze it into one, anyway. Look for it next week. Love you all!!
A soft, flickering glow spilled from the open door of Tony’s bedroom into the hallway like a beacon lighting his way home, and Steve followed it. Tony lay on the bed, asleep. His glasses were still on, his head cocked to one side. The television was on, but turned down low. The tablet he sometimes worked on from home lay beside his outstretched fingers. He was wearing one of Steve’s t-shirts. He liked to do that. Not only was he a blanket-thief, but a clothing-thief too. Steve didn’t mind. In fact, he always felt a little prod of
Wanda met him at the second floor landing.  Tony pointed up the last flight.  She nodded and fell into step behind him.  She’d been staying at the Tower with him since their little field-trip to the prison, and the two of them had become friendly.  They’d done it exactly like Steve had suggested--they ate Thai food, played Xbox, and told stories.  They weren’t all about Steve--at least not anymore--and Tony had sealed their newfound friendship by giving her her own room in the Tower and a credit card.  Wanda had tried to refuse the card, but Tony insisted.  She hadn’t used it yet, but Tony had caught her ogling Balenciaga handbags on-line.  It was really only a matter of time.
He stayed in the training room until he was sure she was gone.  He knew if he saw her again, he would not be able to stop himself from asking her to stay.  And he knew she would leave anyway.  It was better to just spare them both that heartache.
Steve looked at him from under his lowered lashes.  Tony remembered that look.  It very nearly brought him to his knees.  Just like it always had.
Case in point--the toothpaste incident.  Nobody got so worked up over a slightly crusty toothpaste, but they had yelled at each other for over an hour before calming down and drawing an almost-literal line in the sand.  Tony had even measured it, calculating the exact math in his head and saying with deadly patience, “Okay,
know. Steve had long suspected Dodger could read his thoughts, and nights like this just convinced him more.
“This life tore her to pieces. She couldn’t handle it. It wore her down. Broke her heart and wore her down.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, and gave him a squeeze. “And since we’re really talking, I’m also going to tell you that I don’t want this to be a one-off thing. And I don’t want it to be just a sex-thing either.”
“When we, as a pure community, erase the black marks in this country’s ledger, it’s only then, we can truly be free.  Don’t you agree, Captain?”
“From pouting to begging? I don’t know,” Steve said, but he did know. He’d known the second Tony asked. If it was what Tony wanted, he’d figure out a way to do it. Even if it meant encountering Howard Stark again after all this time, he’d figure it out. For Tony, he’d figure it out.
“I’ve seen him reading them,” he said.  “Sometimes he’s smiling, sometimes he’s not.  I don’t believe you would write anything accusatory or hurtful on purpose--”
Strange and Wanda came to the Tower at eleven, as promised.  Tony had hoped Wanda would come to him alone, and they could talk for a while, but she came with Strange instead.  It was fine.  There would be time after, and they were both so keyed up about the plan that neither had much to say beforehand anyway.  Tony gave her a “Hello” and asked how her trip had been.  She had said it was fine, thank you, and then it was time to go.
The evening went on. The sun started to set. Tony lost sight of Steve after a while. Rhodey and Pepper came over to sit with him while they ate, and he tried to relax a little and enjoy the party, but he still had that dark cloud hanging over his head. The one that rained down a soft drizzle of sad, telling him he needed to apologize, he needed to make it right, but he ignored it for now. Steve would still be here later. Tomorrow. Next week. Next year. Sure he would. Tony would make sure of it. He didn’t want to lose him. He wanted him around for a very long time. Even if it was just as friends, he wanted him around. He never wanted to be without him.
“I know the way I see things isn't always right,” Steve said against his stomach, his voice choked.  “I know there's nothing to be scared of with the doctors and hospitals and stuff, I just....”  He hitched in a watery breath and hugged Tony tighter, as if he was afraid he’d float away if he let go.  “Just don’t give up on me, okay?  I'll do whatever you want.  I'll go to the doctor.  I'll do the therapy.  I’ll be better, I will, just don’t give up on me.”
late, after all.  “I’m sorry,” he said.  “We went out for a drink after practice.  I should have called.”
Tony licked his lips--they tasted like Steve. Fuck.--and sighed. “Just go crawl back up into bed, ‘kay?” he said. “If you close your eyes and count to fifty, you’ll be asleep before you hit thirty-five. I guarantee it.”
Tony crawled on top of him, straddling him, a knee on either side, and rolled his hips.  Their erections slid against each other, creating a delicious friction.  Steve propped himself up on his elbows, and when Tony took them both in his hand, his head fell back, eyes closed, exposing the long, lovely line of his throat.
“Tony,” Howard said. Up until now, his voice had held nothing but quiet assurance, but now it was beginning to sound impatient.
Steve had heard enough.  The anger bloomed, then ran rampant.  “Don’t talk about her that way,” he warned.  “She’s a colleague, and a friend, and a
Steve bristled, his face turning hard. Sam put his hand on his shoulder and gripped it tight. “Okay,” Steve said, trying to keep his voice steady. “But she’d be able to rest at home, too.”
time. A lot had happened since then. A lot had changed. But not Mrs. Perkins’s door. That was the same. Her doormat still outside.
He glanced over and saw Strange in front of Wanda, smoothing her hair back from her face, speaking in a low voice.  Her eyes were open but unfocused, a runner of saliva depended from her lip.
What he was sure about was the off-feeling this was giving him.  He’d been in the hole before since coming here--the time Tony had witnessed wasn’t the first scuffle he’d gotten into, just the worst one--and it never ended like this.  They never called him “Captain” or “Sir”.  There’d never been the sober face under the cap.  Steve had gotten a bit friendly with a couple of the older guards, and there was usually just a jingle of keys, and a good-natured, “Up and at ‘em, kid.  Back to the herd.”
For once, Tony was at a loss for words to say.  Give up on him?  He who had loved him and challenged him and seen something in him when no one else could?  He who had never compromised himself for anyone or anything?  He who had shown bravery, nobility, chivalry, honor?  Had proven time and time again that those were not dead values, that they could still exist in this world that sometimes shunned them?  He who had given himself over, placed his heart and his body into Tony’s hands, trusting him with everything he had, everything he was or ever would be?  Give up on him?  The very idea was laughable.  More, it was insanity, madness in its purest form.
He started to crawl forward, his hands and knees gritting in the snow and sand and rubble. “Barnes! Fucking report, right now!”
“See, now you just made it worse,” Tony said, then held up his hand.  “But I’m going to restrain myself.”
“Not bad.  They broke my arm in four places.”  He touched his head.  “This’ll be healed tomorrow.”  He grinned and lowered his head, looking up at Tony through his lashes, a blush creeping up his cheeks.  “They, uh, dislocated my hip.  So, I guess I really am an old man now, huh?  Once the hips go, everything goes, right?”
wanted to think about what you needed.” He looked up at Tony’s face. “I’m sorry, Tony. I’m so sorry I did that to you.”
He left his paper, his pens, his books.  He grabbed his jacket out of habit, and pawed his phone out of his pocket as he left the murmuring, whispering room.
“Yeah.  I knew it when I signed.  I just thought I’d have time to figure it out.  Fix it before it became an issue.”
Natasha smiled wistfully.  It had been hard, the four of them on the run, but it had been good, too.  It had brought them closer.  It had made them a family.
Tony shifted up to fourth and let the ‘Cuda ride at sixty-five.  It was cold but dry.  The roads were clear.  She had a lot more under the hood--a
Steve sat up, stripped his shirt over his head and tossed it into the corner, then helped Tony take his off. When it was gone, he leaned down and kissed his chest, tongued his nipple, bit into his side.
Tony lay quietly against his side, feeling the deep rumble of his voice reverberating in his chest.  He could see the keychain in his mind’s eye.  Could almost see the kid himself--young, blond, skinny but fit, a shadow of teenage acne still on his cheek.  He would have looked up to Steve Rogers.  Would have been honored that
“Bullshit,” Tony said, slipping his hand under Steve’s shirt.  His skin was so soft there.  How could his skin always be so damn soft there?  “I’ve seen your picture.  You were cute as a button.”
“No, Tony, listen,” Steve said, and in spite of himself, in spite of everything, Tony listened. “I’m stationed here now. Or almost, anyway. Jersey. And I know you spend a lot of time in California, but that’s not that far. Not really. Not like Afghanistan-far.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said quickly, trying to put the sadness out of his mind, and his voice. “There’s probably fish in there right? I don’t know if I like the idea of a fish brushing up against me while I swam, anyway.”
He blinked a couple of times. His hand had stopped patting Tony’s knee, but it was still resting on it. He wasn’t sure when he had put it there in the first place, but he liked the way it felt under his fingers. Warm beneath the rough denim of Tony’s jeans. He swallowed, and a blush was starting to heat his own cheeks. He could feel it happening, but there was nothing he could do to stop it. It just happened. He could no more stop it than he could stop today from turning into tomorrow.
Steve reached for Tony’s hand. He held his fingers and chafed them softly between his own. “Tony,” he said earnestly, “I want you to meet my mom. I do. I really, really do, but…”
“Really?” Tony heard the icy strain in his voice but couldn’t seem to prevent it. “Skipping out on meetings? Family dinners? Feels like you’re avoiding me.”
It wasn’t until he’d picked up all his things and snapped off the light, that he wondered if Thor had been speaking of Peggy at all when he asked if she was untouchable.
“Why would you think that was your fault?” Tony asked, trying like hell to keep calm in the face of those dangerous eyes. “I’m the one who fucked up.”
how it used to be too. Small and secret and sweet. “I’m gonna go to bed,” he said. “Sorry I surprised you. I really won’t do it again.”
Steve turned to Rhodey without waiting for an answer and held out his hand.  Rhodey shook it, then pulled him into a gruff one-armed hug.  Steve returned it, pleased.  “You guys don’t get too crazy down here,” he said.
It was the mountains that stopped him. Just the mountains. Nothing he hadn’t seen before certainly, but the sun was high, glinting off the dusting of snow that covered the ground, turning it into flashing jewels, like diamonds on a bit of silk, or stars in a crushed-velvet sky, and then the mountains, so high and hazy, rising in the distance with the smoke from his own cigarette wrapping them like gauzy spiderwebs. For a moment, it was all he could see. He stopped walking, his smoke forgotten between his lips, just looking up at the mountains.
Steve shrugged, lifting his shoulders slowly and letting them settle back into place. “I don’t care, Tony,” he said quietly. “Just not here.”
Pietro’s eyes turned colder. “But not enough. There was always something else, wasn’t there, Steve? Always
call. It was a little strange, but he called. And they made plans to meet on Saturday. Steve freaked out a little bit when Tony asked--in an unabashedly excited tone--what he had in mind. He’d thought in the back of his head that Tony would make the plans.
Sam scuffed his foot on the ground, looking a little like an overgrown kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. “I’m not calling
Tony watched him walk into the bar. How he had happened to glance up at that particular moment, how his eyes had found the door at that crucial second, was beyond him. He didn’t even try to figure it out. He just accepted it as one of those chance things. One of those one-in-a-billion circumstances that so many people call “fate”.
interrupted them before. His fingers let out a sigh of gratitude. They thought this was perfectly fine. Perfectly legitimate. They didn’t care about Tony’s boyfriend. All they cared about was that they got what they wanted--to touch Tony again.
Steve’s body fell back again, but he was smiling.  “My-My mom was the only one who ever called you ‘James’.”
Not that it mattered.  Not right now, anyway.  Right now, all that mattered was Steve’s proximity and his eyes and his silly little joke.  Tony stepped closer, slotting one of Steve’s knees between his legs.  Not touching him, oh no, god, not yet, but making both of them very aware of the other’s presence.
To be fair, I never really expected anyone to be reading these stories but me so I forgave my bad habits.  So, to anyone out there who has actual knowledge of mental health facilities, WWII, bowling, the Russian language, classic cars, drugs, prison, Rolex watches, New York City, or any of the other dozen or so things I "researched", Sorry.  To paraphrase Stephen King: for what I got right, thank Google, for what I got wrong, blame me.
She opened the cupboard to get a mug, stretching on her toes to reach the one she wanted.  “You made coffee.  You’re my hero.”
When oxygen-deprived stars blurred his vision, Steve shut the water off and stumbled out of the stall.  He wrapped a towel around his waist then leaned against the sink, staring at his reflection.  The clear, high brow, the blue eyes, the blonde hair.
,” he said. “But it’s the way it is. You know?” Steve nodded, and Tony slipped his hand into Steve’s, curling their fingers together. “Come to bed.”
talk.  Later.  If you want to.  But maybe not right now?”  he finished off his Coke and sat the glass down.  The bottom chattered on the table before it sat solid.  His hands were still shaking, Tony saw now.
They began to leave after the food was gone.  There was still not much talk, but Steve heard Nebula and Rocket pass a few words as they left the room and Scott asked Thor about the eggs--”Did I taste goat cheese?  That was awesome.”  Bruce skulked around the doorway, letting Tony and Rhodey pass, until Natasha stood up.  Steve saw simple longing in his eyes when he followed her out and he rooted him on, silently.
but smile. “You’re supposed to be taking some time, Rogers. This is a no-contact mission. You don’t need to be ‘kept in the loop’ on everything.”
“Maybe he thought he needed to focus on work to provide for you both.  Make sure you were taken care of.”
Steve shook his head. He could feel the stump beneath him, knew the good, solid earth was under his feet, but for some reason, it felt like it was crumbling away. Like everything was crumbling away. It scared him. He hadn’t been scared for a while. Not since Tony had come and sat beside him in the cafeteria all those months ago, but he was scared now. He could feel that void that had mostly closed beginning to yawn open again. He didn’t want to fall, though. Not anymore. Because if he fell, he wouldn’t have Tony. He’d be alone, falling through that darkness. Tony wouldn’t be with him, and he didn’t want that.
Steve shook his head before she was even finished speaking. “No,” he insisted. “It wasn’t because of Tony. It was my decision. It was because of
Steve lifted one shoulder in a shrug. “I thought Miss Potts needed those expense reports and stuff by tomorrow?”
So, Steve went with him and once there, lost in the crowd, the good warm heat of the sun beating down, the smell of peanuts and beer in his nose, the crack of rawhide against ash, the press of Tony’s shoulder against his, all of the anxiety fell away and he found himself cheering and yelling just like before.  Even Tony looked up from his phone from time to time, and if Steve felt him watching him more than the game, well, what of it?
Steve dipped his head, meaning to kiss him. He’d been wanting to kiss him all day. Every time he saw him, every time he thought about him, all through dinner, he had felt the low thrum of his want--his
Bruce came over and looked, adjusting his glasses.  He studied it for a long moment.  “What is that?” he asked, squinting at it even more closely.
One time, he didn’t do it.  After a particularly quiet day, Tony decided to just let the pig-headed bastard freeze.  An hour before dawn, Steve shrieked in his sleep, shivering, tears on his face.  Tony leapt to his feet and shook his shoulder.  “Steve?” he’d said, afraid himself.  “Wake up, baby.  Wake up.”
“I’m going to do what he did,” Tony said.  “I’m going to make a deal.”  He raised his eyebrows at Sam.  “Do you concur, Mr. Wilson?”
Steve felt his heart thump in his chest. There weren’t tears. He thought he’d cried all the tears he had over the last while, but his heart. That thump of his heart. “Do you think so?” he asked.
Bucky shot him a withering glance. “Babe was the greatest left-handed pitcher ever,” he pressed, raising a scholarly finger. “Did Willie Mays ever pitch a game? ‘Cause I don’t think so.”
Steve moved closer, as close as he could get. “A beat-the-shit-out-of-Howard-Stark kind of mood,” he muttered.
They ate breakfast, then did the dishes together. It was habit. Steve washed. Tony dried and put stuff away. They didn’t talk about it. They just did it. Afterward, Steve squeezed Tony around the waist and kissed his shoulder on his way into the bathroom to shower. Tony had another cup of coffee and checked his messages. There were a lot of them. He was only semi-retired, and that meant he still had to be semi-responsible.
Tony held his hands up in front of his face.  They had been dirtied with the dust of Peter Parker’s deteriorating body once.  He hadn’t been able to hold onto Peter.  He’d tried.  And when he tried, Peter had crumbled in his fingers.  Would that happen to Steve too?  The thought turned him cold, and although the night was warm, Tony Stark shivered.
I can see that.” He shook his head. “I’m not that great at reading those kinds of signals.” He closed his eyes briefly and drew in a breath, almost like he was drawing strength from the air. “Like...
Steve meant to spend the day going over the Algiers mission like he’d told Natasha he was going to do, but once he got into the office, and all the paperwork and videos were in front of him, he knew there was no way he would be able to concentrate on it.  His encounter with Tony--his
Steve slid his arms around Tony’s waist. “I told him I needed a break,” he said. “That I thought we should spend some time apart.”
He ran a hand over his face one last time, then left the bathroom. He could hear Tony now. Could hear him talking to Dodger in a low voice, heard Dodger’s answering bark. He thought about how amazing that was. That Tony had accepted Dodger--that
, you will spend an hour with Doctor Strange so he can assess your physical and mental health.  These visits will be heavily guarded and supervised.”
He ordered a cup of coffee and took a seat by the window.  He was nervous, but not overly so.  He, Nat, and a very reluctant Bruce, had all agreed if Strange said no, they’d just break into the facility and let Wanda work her mojo.  It wasn’t like Steve was being held captive.  It was a hospital not a prison.  It was private property, sure, but Tony had never met an administrator, hospital or otherwise, who was immune to cash being thrown at them.  If somebody got too upset, he’d just offer them a new wing.  A few million and they’d be in the clear.  And they’d help Steve.  That was the goal here.  Getting Steve better.  Everyone, including Stephen Strange, agreed on that, if nothing else.
There were a few children, as well.  The rule seemed to be relaxed for the kids because they were climbing over their dads’ laps, fussing on the floor, being passed from one parent to the other.  Tony couldn’t help but smile at a solemn little blonde drawing a picture at the next table.  She turned it so he could see, and Tony gave her a silent thumbs-up.  She nodded once with a formal dignity, then went back to her crayons.
Steve glanced around the house, taking in the cozy room, the fireplace. The bedroom door stood open. He’d hoped they’d end up in there today. Lying together. Doing things to each other. Making each other happy one last time. But, no. Not now. That wouldn’t happen now. It couldn’t. He wiped his eyes with his forearm. Swallowed back the last of his tears. “I don’t want to be here anymore,” he said. “I don’t want to fight here.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Tony said. His fingers kneaded Steve’s restlessly, clenching and un-clenching, running over his knuckles. “I meant, what do we do
Tony led him up to the door.  Same old door.  That hadn’t changed.  He shook the key out and opened it.
Steve stepped in and closed it behind him, shutting himself up inside. It was marginally warmer, but it didn’t even register to Steve. He dug in his pocket for change, and plugged it into the slot, coin after coin, then dialed Tony’s number. He knew them, all of them, Tony had written them on some of his letters a long time ago, hoping Steve would call, but of course, he didn’t. He couldn’t. That’s what he’d thought back then, anyway. But now, now here he was, finally using them.
Sir Purr didn’t answer, but he seemed to glance behind him, and Tony looked through the window in the back door and saw Steve.  He was standing at the railing, leaning against it, staring down at the lake.
Tony ran his hands over Steve’s bare skin. His back, his shoulders, his stomach, groping him like he’d done when they were teenagers making out in his car in some half-empty parking lot. Steve fumbled with the buttons of Tony’s shirt. It was Egyptian brushed cotton. Classic white. French cuffs. Six hundred dollars. He wanted Steve to ruin it. To rip it off his body, tear it to shreds, just get it
Thor eyed him speculatively for a moment, then shook his head, breaking the spell that had seemed to hold them both in thrall.  “You’ll join us in the morning, yes?” he asked.
Steve laughed a little, but kept the frown. “I don’t know. After how I acted at the coffee stand, I didn’t even know if you’d show up today.”
“That is just about enough, Thaddeus,” Fury said, standing.  “This meeting is over.  Steve Rogers will never set foot inside that prison, I guarantee you.  I will fight you on this until one of us is dead, but Steve will never--”
“No,” he said, then rolled his head back and closed his eyes again. “Okay. Yes. I’m sorry.” He ran a hand over his face and back through his hair. It felt damp and unpleasant between his fingers. “Please don’t be mad.”
school, anyway. History. The world’s history. Stuff that I’d missed.” He nudged Tony’s knee with his bare toe. “Not the fun stuff, though. Not the movies or the music or the food, just the ‘important’ stuff.”
P.S.  Making this clear: I did NOT just compare myself to Hemingway.  I just like the story.  I wouldn't even compare myself to V.C. Andrews.
Tony put a finger under Steve's chin and lifted his head just enough to look into his eyes. "I really am happy, you know," he said softly.
Steve stood up, picked up his bag and slung it over his shoulder all in one smooth movement. Tony had already started across the lawn toward his car, and Steve ran a few steps to catch up. When he reached Tony’s side, he thought he saw a little pleased smile tease Tony’s lips for the briefest moments, but it was there and gone so fast he wasn’t sure if he had actually seen it or not.
“No,” Bruce said.  He shook his head.  “I’m going to talk to Stephen.  I’ll bring him down when I come back tomorrow.  I want us to run some tests.  Blood work.  Tox screen.  Things like that.”
Tony got to his feet and walked--walked, not ran--toward her. He didn’t think it looked particularly bitey, but you never knew. Looks could be deceiving. “Morgan,” he said, and at the same time, he heard another voice call, “Dodge.
Steve’s face eased immediately, as if invisible screws had been holding it up and they’d all been loosened a quarter of a turn.  He nodded.  “Yeah, yes, yes, that’s fine,” he babbled, and wheeled to the left.
“We heard that one night, Blake and some other guy…” he trailed off, and Tony closed his eyes, waiting.  “Anyway, the official story was that he was killed in action.  That’s what got put on the books.  That’s what his mother heard.  And I guess it’s probably a blessing that’s the story she got.”
Okay, after that little throwback-jaunt I took to the STAY series for some Valentine's Day fluff, we're back here again, with a little fluff, a little romance, and a little drama. Glad to be back!
Steve nodded to the blowtorch.  “You were using that and thinking about me?” he asked.  “Should I be scared?”
“Oh, baby,” Tony said, and Steve looked up.  There had been a hint of laughter in his voice, and now there was a hint of laughter on his face.  Steve flushed with embarrassment.  “Please don’t tell me you’re jealous of Sir Purr.”
He turned the television off, and grabbed a blanket off the back of the chair and laid it over Bruce’s sleeping form. Bruce didn’t wake up, but he snuggled into the warmth and mumbled “Thanks, Tony.”
They left around midnight. Sam, Wanda, and Howard all left at the same time. Sarah hugged Sam and Wanda and shook Howard’s hand. Howard thanked her with a deep sincerity, and she told him he was welcome to come back anytime.
"I won't do it if you don't want me to," Clint said.   "But I owe you. For bringing Laura and the kids back. And-" he shifted a little, seemed uncomfortable, then settled again and looked into Steve's eyes.  There was a look in them Steve had never seen there before. A darkness. And Steve knew what he was thinking of, what he was remembering. Because Steve had those memories too.  Memories of being outside himself. Memories of being locked inside the cage of his mind, unable to control his thoughts or actions, and maybe he fell a little in love with Clint, after all.  "-And he shouldn't get away with it," Clint went on. "Any of it. He suffered in prison, maybe, but did he suffer enough?"
Bruce sighed.  “I don’t know,” he admitted.  “I just know he’s there.  I’m not even supposed to know that.”
Steve sighed and scuffed his toe on the ground. He didn’t say anything. They both knew there was nothing to say.
He lifted the corner of the blanket and slid underneath it. He moved close to Tony, as close as he could, and curled his arm around his waist. Steve tucked his nose into the nape of Tony’s neck and inhaled deeply, taking in his sleepy bed-warm scent. He breathed, his arms tightening, his lips pursing just enough to kiss the soft skin that was there underneath them.
Steve sat suddenly up, wrapping an arm around Tony.  He kissed him while Tony’s hand moved between them.  “Tony,” he said into his ear urgently.  “Did you really love me?  Before?  Please.  I-I need to know.”
“Shh,” Tony said. “I don’t hate you.” He laughed a little, sniffed back his own tears. “I just said I was going to love you forever, didn’t I? You think I say that to all the guys?”
Strange followed Tony’s gaze to Pepper’s face.  He brushed her hair back behind her ear.  “They’re my friends, too.  But, you’re welcome.”
Afterward, Tony had drowsed, tired but not sleepy yet, eyes closed, existing on the fringes of sleep but not quite falling.  Steve was a vague silhouette beside him.  The blanket lay over his chest, one arm behind his head, the other thrown with careless ease over his midsection.  Tony had thought he was asleep.
Steve sunk into him, and every thought, even the ones of Tony, disappeared. “Not yet. But it’s been two hours. They said it should only take three.”
He clutched her hand, his fingers a vice-grip, grinding the bones together.  “Are you sure?  We have to be sure they’re all dead.  If any of them are alive they could re-group.”
Steve’s frown of concentration became almost dangerous, making Tony’s heart hammer in his chest.  The laser-focus of Steve’s full attention sizzled within him, singeing his nerve-endings.
Tony listened patiently while the guy threw up excuses.  “Yeah,” he said, “I know it’s far away, I timed it to the minute.”  A pause while the guy spoke, then Tony again, placating and warm, “I’ll pay for the gas.”  Pause.  “Cold pizza never hurt anybody.”
And he did.  He’d been in love with Tony Stark for so long he couldn’t remember what it felt like not to love him.  Even through the fights, the Accords, and everything that came after them, he’d still loved him.  But how did you say that to someone?  Especially someone like Tony who had been worshipped by people far better than simple Steve Rogers who wouldn’t back down from a fight, but never even went on a date that Bucky didn’t set up for him.  But Bucky couldn’t help him now.  He had to sink or swim on his own.
“Sorry,” Steve said, smiling to himself.  He wasn’t sorry.  Sometimes he did it on purpose just to have Tony react.  He put his arms around him and held him tight.  Tony melted against him, kissed his chest, then was quiet.
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Wow, Steve.  Cheating with the secretary is so over.  Who do you think you are, Don Draper?”
Steve curled himself tighter around his body, his hand finding Tony’s again. The silk tie chafed pleasurably against Tony’s palm, an ephemeral promise made somehow real. “Mm,” Steve hummed. “Together.”
Tony laughed softly and squeezed him tight before letting him go. “Yeah, baby,” he said. “Let’s go for a walk.”
But things were different now, and Tony finally understood his parents a little better.  He understood that even though you loved someone,
Steve smiled a bit sheepishly.  Strange had conjured a light, and Tony saw his cheeks turn pink.  “This is what happens when you break that ‘no touching’ rule during visitors’ hours.”
“You know,” he said, taking a bite.  “You could come tell them yourself.  It might do you some good to get out.  Damn, that tastes good.  And those people would probably love to see Iron Man.”
him so many times over the last few months. Had made it clear to him how much he thought Steve was not only exactly what he deserved, but what he needed. What he wanted. The only thing he wanted. The only person who would ever make him happy, and while it had still taken a little while for Steve to actually believe that, he finally did now. Tony wanted him. Tony needed him. Tony would not be happy unless they were together. And how fucking lucky was that, because
Steve laughed low and soft in Tony’s ear, his bedroom-laugh times ten.  His lips brushed Tony’s skin, caught on his earlobe.  His breath caressed the sensitive skin of his neck. Tony felt his fingers tighten a little on his waist, squeezing him, and then they were gone.  “Goodnight,” Steve whispered, and turned away.  He crossed the room, climbed the stairs, and was gone, melted into the shadows, as if he had never been there at all.
The meeting broke up shortly after, and Steve joined his usual group for coffee. He abstained from the cigarette someone jokingly offered with real regret. He was going to Tony’s after, and he didn’t want him to taste it on his tongue. Tony frowned on cigarettes.
They both said they were sorry again. Said they’d see each other tomorrow. When Tony hung up, he just sat looking at his phone. It was five o’clock. The guy would be here soon, and the meeting would last at least a couple of hours, then he’d have to make sure the guy got to his hotel room and was set for the night. That meant he would miss the movie completely. The movie Steve was supposed to keep him awake for. But if Tony wasn’t there, who would keep
A look of discomfort passed over his face. “I don’t know, Tony. I can’t really afford a place like this.”
He couldn’t bring himself to. He couldn’t tell Tony how much he loved him. How his every heartbeat, his every breath was for him. How he had loved him since he was eleven years old, and would love him until he was
“Come on. Let’s go sneak a taste.” Tony looked at her, looked at Steve, then Morgan. Sarah did the same, then tugged Tony again. “Come on.”
Stane grunted again, but it seemed affectionate. Steve watched the exchange between them. He wasn’t the best at reading personal interactions, but theirs seemed familiar, genuine, and fond, like there
Steve was quiet while they stopped at his locker to retrieve his books. Tony leaned against the one next to it, and Sam stood in front of him, the two of them talking like old friends. He wasn’t sure how it had happened, but Steve felt like his life had taken a direct 180 degree turn. It hadn’t been
Tony laughed. “Nah. She wanted you to come back--you and Dodger, both--but no. She wasn’t mad. I think the only way she’d get mad at you is if you like, punched a kitten or something.”
--and then Tony was in his arms, his mouth on Steve’s mouth, his hands in Steve’s hair, kissing with a passion they had never before matched.
He shook his head without lifting it from his backpack. There wasn’t really much in there. Tony had gone through it a couple times looking for a piece of gum or a pencil, so he knew it was pretty sparse in there, but Steve was prospecting around inside it like he was looking for gold nuggets. “Nah,” he said. “We shouldn’t anyway. Mrs. Perkins is usually home this time of day, and she’s pretty nosy. She’d probably call my mom at work just to ask her who I had brought home with me.”
“Hell, you’ve been dying to tell me,” Tony said, resting his own head on top of Steve’s, and he laughed in that soft, sweet way that always made Tony feel giddy. Always made him feel like he was flying. God, it had been so long since he felt that way. So long. Pepper, as much as he adored her, didn’t make him feel that way. None of the other lovers, girlfriends, boyfriends he’d had ever made him feel that way, either. It was just Steve. Just Steve.
Steve raised his head a little, and the hand moved.  It slipped through his hair to the base of his spine, then back up.  Steve kept his eyes closed, afraid even now, that it wasn't as it seemed.
He went back down the hallway and into the kitchen. There were a few dirty dishes in the sink, a loaf of bread sitting out on the counter. A couple of photos were stuck on the fridge with fruit-shaped magnets. An old one of a baby Morgan wearing a pair of way-too-big sunglasses. One of Tony sitting outside somewhere with Morgan in his lap, his coat wrapped around them both. One of Morgan and the pretty redhead Steve remembered from Bucky and Nat’s wedding. Pepper. Morgan’s mom.
Tony stood up then, pushing himself off the ground, using the flats of his palms on Steve’s knees to help him rise. “We should go,” he said, and Steve heard the chilly tone of his voice. Saw the change in him happen immediately, and he mourned it, grieved for it, but let it happen. It was easier that way. For both of them.
Tony turned helplessly to Wanda.  “Do something,” he said.  “Do it.  Work your magic, witchy woman.”
“Maybe I’m okay with that.” Tony slipped his arms around Steve’s waist. They went around him so easily. So smoothly. Like it was meant to be. “Maybe I just want one more night with you,” he said, leaning in until he was speaking against Steve’s smooth throat. “Our last one ended so hard. And at the lake…” he shook his head. His hair brushed Steve’s skin, making him shiver. “Why can’t we have a little more time? Just one more night where we don’t think about anything but us?”
She gripped him tighter. Her eyes got darker. “Don’t tease me, Steven Rogers,” she said. “It’s not nice.”
?” Tony shouted, and then, like a miracle, there was Clint coming out the glass door.  Bruce trailed behind, cleaning his glasses on the tail of his shirt.
Sorry I haven't updated for a minute. Work thinks it has to get in the way sometimes. What are you gonna do?
Tony shifted the car into reverse.  It was a stick-shift.  He loved driving stick, loved the control it afforded him.  “Anywhere?” he asked, backing out of the parking spot.
, how had he lived without Steve beside him, his hands on him, his eyes on him?  How had he not fallen without Steve to bear him up?  How had he not floated away without Steve to tether him?
Steve cleared his throat and looked at his watch. “I’ve got seven-fifteen,” he said, and the kid rolled his eyes extravagantly.
They were inseparable after that. One unit. Steve and Tony. Tony and Steve. Between the hours of eight and four, Monday through Friday, they were constantly together, and Steve loved every single minute of it.
Not in a bad way.  It got weird in the best way.  The weird where being with someone became the most important thing.  The weird where the chemistry was so potent it felt like a physical thing that almost took on a life of its own.  The weird where the need to touch became as important as the need to eat, the need to breathe, and yet the inability to do so heightened the meaning behind every word, every meeting of the eye.
But he wasn’t thinking about Tony right now as they walked. He was half-listening to Bucky and Gabe arguing about baseball, but part of his mind was just trying to exist in a peaceful lull. He let it. Let it just be as still as it could while he walked. The sky was blue overhead. The air cold, but clean in his lungs. He was walking. His body was loose and easy. His rifle and pack constant, almost comforting weights.
“Of course it did. I’ve seen that movie fifty times.” He looked at Tony through his lashes, giving him that coy, angelic look that never failed to make Tony weak in the knees. And hard as a rock. “How do you think I first realized I liked guys?
Tony had seen a couple of Steve’s history test-sheets before, but usually they were bloodied with his teacher’s merciless red pen, hacking away at all Steve’s wrong answers. It had seemed gleeful in a way, all those red slashes and hastily-scribbled words like
“I took her to the doctor,” he said, his voice muffled in Steve’s shirt. “She was fine. I knew she was, but I just wanted to be sure, you know?”
So this took a long time. I'm not 100% happy with it, but I had to get it out of my hands. I rewrote it many times. Way too many times.
He had asked.  In Steve’s room in Wakanda.  Steve had been in and out, delirious most of the time from pain meds.  Fury had stopped in, sat by Steve’s bedside for eight hours, then right before he left, he’d asked Tony to come back.  To be an Avenger again.
. Saturdays were for bare feet and AC/DC t-shirts. If he wanted to put shoes on, he might as well do it up completely Howard-style and go down to the office and work, and that sure as fuck wasn’t happening.
Natasha watched Sam run down the hill.  He’d find Tony.  She knew it.  Sam would take care of it because Steve needed him to, and time was short.
.  I worry about him.  He’s more than just a brother, you know.  He’s...part of me.  Like my other half.  The good half.  And I worry about him.  I always worried about him.  Ever since we were kids, I worried about him.”
Tony laid back down while Steve pulled the blankets up.  If history told him anything, Tony knew he would throw them off halfway through the night.  He’d seen that enough over the last week.  He always started out with them, but in three hours, he’d throw them off, not waking, just a toss of his arm and an impatient sigh in his sleep.  A while later, he’d be shivering.  Tony would haul the blankets back up over him, and he’d burrow inside the sudden warmth like an animal burrowing under the ground to hibernate.
“I got a cart and loaded it up,” Steve went on. He wasn’t looking at Tony. He was looking at the floor. “I wasn’t thinking about groceries, though. I was thinking about the party. About you. About how much I wished we were going together and I wasn’t just meeting you guys there.”
?” he groaned, pawing a napkin out of the metallic holder sitting on the coffee stand’s little counter area.
Steve’s eyes bored into hers.  It was another one of those rogues-only non-verbal conversations.  Tony could almost hear it in his head, a familial tussle between them:
Morgan gazed up at him from the doorway. Her hair was mussed. The stuffed shark he’d bought for her at the aquarium dangled from her fist. Had he thought she was beautiful the night before? She was more than beautiful now. She was perfect.
“The hardest part will be getting him out of them again.  He’s pretty proud of that ass,” he said, and he left on their laughter.
“That shield belongs to Tony,” Steve said quietly.  “His father made it.  It was never mine.  I just borrowed it.”
“Oh god,” Tony sighed. He let his head fall back, closed his eyes, lost to the sensation of Steve’s lips, his tongue, and then his hands slowly, insistently jerking him when he dipped his head to suck gently on his balls. “Oh god.
They didn't talk as they made their way down to Tony's room. Their mouths were too occupied with other, more pleasurable endeavors. An occasional word did find its way through. Mostly Tony’s name mixed with that of god’s, and for Steve, in that moment, the two were interchangeable. In that moment, the thought of praying to--being on his knees for--Tony for the rest of his life felt not only right, but fundamental. The most basic of necessities, and Tony read those signals loud and clear.
Tony went first, stepping through the door, then stopped just over the threshold.  Steve followed closely, and pulled the door closed behind him.  It was dark in the cabin, the only light coming from the bulb over the sink in the kitchen and the mellow glow of the reactor in Tony’s chest peeking through his unzipped coat.
Tony pulled into an available space, and turned the car off. Steve turned his head, not moving it from the head-rest. He smiled at him. Soft. Sweet. Everything. Tony smiled back. “Let’s get you inside,” he said, and Steve just nodded.
“Let’s do something,” Tony said. “Whatever you want. I can take you out. Best restaurant in town. The movies. Dancing. Fly to Tahoe. Anything you want, baby. You tell me, and I’ll make it happen.”
name him anything.  He named himself.  As soon as I saw him, I knew what his name was.  And number two:  Sir Purrari Stark-Rogers is the most awesome name in the history of names.”
Tony drew in a breath.  This was what he wanted to hear most of all.  He was ashamed of it, but there it was.  He was a narcissist at heart.  And a masochist.  “Really?” he urged.
good. Steve swallowed thickly, his tongue feeling too big for his mouth, then shook his head as if trying to clear the image.
“Not asleep,” he protested, but his breath was evening out, coming in longer, deeper pulls. “Not even tired.”
“Tony.”  Her face was anxious, her eyes wide and concerned.  “Are you okay?” she asked, biting her lip.
She nodded again, fresh tears coursing down the soft curve of her cheeks.  “Okay,” she mouthed, not knowing if he heard her or not.  His eyes closed again.  His chest rose and fell, rose and fell, but it wouldn’t go on much longer.  He was fading.
skyline. The view from the window, but Steve had added just enough of a twist to it to make it  abstract and magical. It seemed like a dream-version of the real thing. A dream where roses dripped red honey, and birds flew upside down. It was odd and fantastical, yet entirely commonplace. Looking at it made Tony’s head spin in a giddy way.
Steve’s shoulders eased.  His eyes did not.  They were direct.  Frank.  Filled with hot, caged want.
Finally, Steve shifted.  His hands came up to rest on Tony’s waist like they had downstairs.  Again he didn’t push him away, didn’t pull him closer, just held him.  He put his face into Tony’s neck.  “Come upstairs with me.”
move his own fingers a little. Just enough to make room for Tony’s to slip in between them. And they did.
He took his phone out of his pocket and pressed six, watching Strange’s retreating back.  “Nat.  We’re on...Not so good...Tonight.  Does she need the jet?...Awesome.”  He hung up, and Stephen Strange was nowhere in sight.
“Hypnosis and light therapy,” she said.  “Interesting.  And this drug...oh wow.  Three years, you were developing that?"  She shook her head.  Her hair had gotten longer and she’d let the color grow out.  Blonde mixed with bright red.  Bruce liked it.  Liked the duality of the colors.  He said it reminded him of himself--Banner and the Hulk.  She’d slapped his arm and called him a sap.  But she hadn’t changed it.  “That’s crazy,” she murmured.
True to his word, Tony took Steve to the bowling alley with him.  He introduced Steve, even though all the guys knew who he was, then proceeded to bowl a spectacularly bad game.
But Howard didn’t know any of those things. If Tony had his way, he never would know. It would be too embarrassing a thing to admit. It would make him too vulnerable in Howard’s eyes. And that was something he could never bring himself to be.
Steve cocked his eyebrow. He was still smiling, but now it was questioning. “How are we gonna do that?”
he’d be late. He couldn’t do it. Couldn’t think of a way to mitigate the fact that he would not only be late, but hours late,
She lay beside him after they were done, her perfect breasts bare.  “You really don’t feel good, do you?” she asked.
, but that just made it better in Tony’s opinion. That just made it feel more like Steve, and that, in Tony’s opinion, was the best feeling in the entire world.
He had called Natasha last night while Steve was in the shower. He didn’t usually shower that early. Usually, he showered around midnight, or, when he was expected at the bakery, he showered at five am. He never took an eight pm shower. It was almost unheard of.
Sorry for inundating you all with this thing.  I'm trying to push it all out in the next week or so.  Just a few more chapters, and one final little story, then we're done!
Steve took his hand and kissed the fingers, then all big-eyed innocence, “I don’t remember that part, at all.”
Tony lay beside him for a while.  The others were waiting for him, but they could wait another few minutes.  Tony closed his eyes and rested against his man, his partner, his reason for continuing to breathe, to live.
One last thank you to everyone who read this series. I know it made a lot of you angry at one point or other, and all I can say is...THANK YOU for that! It's more than I could ever ask for this to evoke any emotion whatsoever, so I'll take the anger!
Tony could picture Steve sitting here, brow furrowed while he penciled in the details of the car.  Those three vertical lines appearing, signalling his concentration while he perfected the shape and grace of the car’s lines.  Tony knew why, too.  Why he’d wanted it to be perfect.  Because Tony wanted it.  He wanted it, and Steve would never deliver anything but his absolute best to Tony.
Tony gestured into the apartment with his cup. “Yeah. Back to work, Steve,” he said. “And I’ll go back to mine. I guess.” He paused. “Unless you wanna go get lunch?”
Tony who didn’t realize that sometimes you didn’t get to have it all. Who didn’t realize that wasn’t always possible.
He didn’t want to take it, but they gave it to him anyway. He thought about going home, but in the end, he didn’t. He didn’t think he could face his mother right now. Not with the guilt hanging over his head. Not with the knowledge of how badly he had fucked up. How he had gotten Bucky maimed. Gotten Jonathon killed.
Steve licked his lips in a nervous gesture. “Uh, sure, um…” he looked at Tony, asking silently if this was okay.
Tony looked away, his face working.  One tear fell and he wiped his cheek brusquely against his shoulder.
“Was that a fight?” Steve whispered. “Were we fighting? I don’t want to fight. I don’t want to, Tony. I don’t want to fight.”
Howard nodded and sucked Diet Coke through the straw in his paper cup. “Probably. We might have had a few complaints, though.”
Steve laughed and leaned back against the headboard, toying idly with the phone-cord. “No,” he said. “I’ve been home for a while. Just picking Dodger up from Mom’s.”
Tony, who didn’t know his thought process, huffed in his ear. “That’s funny? You’re taking pleasure in my pain, Rogers? Cruel.”
Tony kissed his mouth, then pushed him gently but firmly until he was lying down. “Tony,” he began, then stopped talking when Tony pulled his sweats down and engulfed his cock suddenly and completely with his mouth. When that happened, all of his words disappeared. They fled from his mind in an instant. There was nothing in his brain. Nothing. Nothing except the feeling of Tony’s lips and tongue, and for once, his brain didn’t rebel. It just quieted. It just let the body take over, and enjoyed transmitting the sensations from nerve-ending to nerve-ending, from body to head to heart and back again.
He laughed again in the back of his throat and rubbed his cheek against Tony’s.  Tony pushed him away.
But, he decided, the relief was worth the hurt. The pleasure was worth the pain. And now here he was, fifteen minutes after hanging up the phone, standing in front of him, ridiculously beautiful, ridiculously sweet, every single thing that Tony didn't want to live without. Here he was, looking at him with a worried eye, frowning that little frown, and Tony wanted him. Loved him so much, so, so much, and when Steve crowded against him and dropped his head onto his shoulder, Tony’s arms went instinctively around his neck, holding him in place, knotting in his hair, holding him. Just holding him.
you.” He kissed him again. “Fuck, baby, I want you. I want you with me. I always want you with me. That’s all I’ve ever wanted. To be with you, to have you with me--with us. Forever. I love you.”
Ross would be fine.  Tony was certain of it.  He’d do his time, come out the other side, and be welcomed back to Washington a hero with a zen pedigree.  That was okay with Tony.  He knew he’d suffer while he was there.  And that was the point.  He didn’t care what happened afterward, just that Ross suffered during.  And who knew?  Maybe Ross
Steve nodded, glancing down to watch the people on the streets. It was warm out, the sun setting, but still shining, and there were still a lot of people outside enjoying the air. He glanced around, up the fire escape, then back down. No one was near him. He was careful to make sure he was alone before he used the phone. He was always careful in everything he did. That’s how he had gotten so far so fast in his career. Or mostly, anyway.
Tiny tables littered the outside of the dancefloor. Steve pulled out a chair for Nat then sat next to her. He saw her eyes flicking here and there, picking out the team, picking out the exits. They lingered on Clint and Laura for only a beat longer than anywhere else. Steve noticed but dismissed it.
Steve pulled away from him. He bent over and grabbed Tony’s t-shirt from the floor. “Put this on,” he said gruffly and scrubbed a hand over his face. He didn’t look Tony in the eye, let them hover only as far up as his collarbone. “Let her in.”
“No, it’s not,” he said. “Nothing’s okay.” He laughed brokenly. “Nothing. We might never even see each other again after today.”
It was okay. He understood. Just because they had done this every Sunday for two months didn’t mean they were going to do it forever. He
Just like he had been before. So many times. So many times over the years. He was there, and he folded him into his arms, slipping them around him and holding him close. Whispering in his ear, “Shh. Shh, baby, it’s okay. It’s okay. Everything’s going to be okay.” And for the moment, Steve didn’t even care if it was true. He was just glad Tony’s arms were around him again.
. But he couldn’t help but think how much better it would be when Steve was here to share it with them. How much he could not wait to have them do that stuff together.
“No-oo,” Tony whined. He stuck his bottom lip out just a little, and Steve laughed, tipping his head onto the back of the couch. “Stop. You’re not playing fair.”
“It’s kind of dainty,” he said, thinking of Steve’s wrist, and the hand below it. The forearm above it.
She came forward slowly, holding the cup carefully in her hands. “Steve told me to bring it to you.”
, Steve would go get him a sweater and tuck a blanket over his legs. Tony would wrap himself up in Steve’s sweater--because it would be Steve’s. If he really thought about it, the only sweater in the world he truly wanted to wear would be Steve's--and the scent of him, all woodsy and clean, would be even more comforting than the weave of the fabric against his skin.
“Hey,” he said softly, moving his shoulder.  “Steve.  Wake up.  We’re here.  There.  Whatever.  Wake up.”
Sam shrugged. “I don’t know. They make it sound pretty good. Full college tuition paid. On-the-job training. Salary. ‘See the world, kid’. You know. It might not be so bad.”
, Rogers.  Have it your way.”  He typed in a few more keystrokes, then looked at Steve one last time.  “You’re sure?”
Music played, food was eaten by the plateful, and the booze flowed freely.  Thor brought some of his Asgardian mead.  He, Bucky, Steve, and Jeff each did three shots, and Jeff passed out against Thor’s shoulder.
.” He sat down on Morgan’s other side. “Not like we haven’t seen it fifty times in the last couple weeks.” He stretched his arm along the back of the couch and rubbed the back of Steve’s neck. “Which is your fault, by the way. Ever since the aquarium, she hasn’t wanted to watch anything else.”
“Guess so.” Steve’s hand strayed to the button of Tony’s jeans. He touched it. Slid his finger across it, stopping only long enough to duck out of the t-shirt Tony pulled up over his head. The song changing over--
Steve shuddered as the nightmare ripped through his brain.  Screaming. In a red-black abyss. Pain. God, so much pain.  An agony like limbs being torn slowly from a body isolated and alone.  Violation after violation visited upon paralyzed flesh. A festering, reeking wound in the center of a swirling red eye of horror.
And Christ, the voice was the same. The same half-amused/half-sulky tone that he’d used the last time Steve had heard him say those words. That day seemed like it was a long time ago. And like it was just yesterday.
When he regained the use of his tongue, Tony lifted a hand and cupped it behind his ear.  “Excuse me, Stephen?  Could you repeat that, please?  I must be older than I thought.  My ears are playing tricks on me.”
Steve let his head fall back on his neck and breathed out a laugh. Tony looked at him sharply. “You’re right,” Steve muttered. “How the fuck
Tony slid out of the booth and stood up. He took some money out of his wallet and tossed it onto the table. “Come on,” he said, trying to hide the fact that even though Steve seemed ready to part again, he wasn’t. Not yet. He needed a little more time. He needed another few minutes. A few more hours, if he could get them. He couldn’t have the days, the months, the years, the decades he wanted so badly, but if he could have a few more minutes, he’d take them. He’d take all he could get. “I’ll drive you home.”
Steve laughed again. He couldn’t help it. And it felt really good. Really, really good. Carlos wasn’t back yet, but Steve had finished his paintings and taken them in to the campus. He hadn’t heard anything back yet, but it had only been a couple of days. And Steve had watched very closely when the professor stripped the coverings off to glance at them. His eyebrows had shot up into his hairline and he had taken his glasses off the top of his head and put them on so he could look closer. He had looked at the first one for a solid minute while Steve stood by, his guts roiling in his stomach, gnawing at his thumbnail, part of him freaking out with worry, another part of him jumping up and down for joy.
He skirted around the sofa and made for the kitchen.  He wanted some ice for his hand.  He had plucked out the bits of glass, washed it out, and poured half a bottle of peroxide over it, gritting his teeth against the acrid sting.  He’d looped a bit of gauze clumsily around the wound.  It was lightyears from the efficient job Tony had done for him before, but it didn’t matter.  The serum was already at work.  He could almost feel it stitching his skin back together like a weaver at a loom.  In a few hours, it would be healed.
She led them in, and Morgan jumped up from where she’d been kneeling to pet Dodger. “Daddy!” she said, then ran to them and threw herself at Tony.
Tony looked up, squinting as his eyes tried to adjust. It was harder than it probably should have been. He’d been down here a long time, and he also kept forgetting to put his glasses on when he was doing the small, detailed stuff. He rubbed them with one fist, then blinked a few times for good measure until he could finally see, but when he did, he had another problem completely--now, he couldn’t breathe.
Occasionally, someone would mention him.  They never seemed to realize that the man they despised was sitting within their circle.  He didn’t try to disguise himself, but they never noticed.  Their grief was too deep, he believed.  It blinded them.
He sipped more coffee, his eyes never leaving Steve’s, then put the cup down. “So, where are you headed all dressed up?” he asked, and his hands moved automatically to knot Steve’s tie. He did it slowly. Extra-slow. Because A--he wanted to make sure Steve looked as perfect as possible, and the tie would be like the bow on a gift. And B--because he wanted to touch him for as long as he could. Be as near to him as he could. He met Steve’s eye again, tilting his lips up into an evil little grin. “Or is
“I did, boss, but he’s getting very insistent.”  She paused.  Steve thought it was purely for effect and smiled.  Of course, Tony’s creation would be dramatic.  “He’s threatened to blow in the door if you don’t open it in thirty seconds.”
“Sorry.” Tony. God. And he had not thought that was possible. Of all the people in the world, how could
“Tony’s going to be pissed that you stole his chicken,” she remarked, tossing a bone back into the bucket.
Four soldiers hauled him to his feet.  There was blood on his face, running down his cheek.  The gash in his forehead had reopened.  His sparkling eyes found Tony’s and he grinned.  “We’re having fun now, huh, Tony?”
Tony brought dinner in from the city.  Real New York pizza and hot dogs from his favorite street vendor outside the office.  It wouldn’t be the same, heated up in the oven, but it would still be good.  A little taste of home for his Brooklyn boy.
Steve smiled in the low light.  He was back-lit by the guttering fire, his face bathed in candlelight.  He appeared both ephemeral and earthy, like one of the fae come to life.  “We have come a long way.”
Tony ran to the door, expensive Italian loafers slipping and sliding in the muck.  They  hadn’t been designed for this kind of thing.  He’d thrown them on because they were easy, and they looked good.  If he’d known he’d be playing “Survivorman” out here in the elements, he would have worn his Timberlands.
Steve followed him toward the tiny parking lot.  There were a lot of pick-ups, the rest were monster SUVs that most likely ferried soccer moms and their broods from place to place on a regular basis.  In the corner, away from everything else, was a sleek black muscle car.  It gleamed under the lone street lamp, its lines long, smooth, and dangerous.
They exchanged one last “I love you”, then Steve hung up the phone and joined the others in aimless talk and even more aimless wandering while they waited. When the replacement bus got there, everyone cheered.
Steve closed his eyes and ran his fingers through her hair. “I have to go,” he said quietly, “It’s part of my job.”
made this decision. I did it on my own. Without even asking you. It was my mistake. I’m not going to let you pay for it.”
Tony slapped Clint on the back.  Clint spit on the sidewalk where they’d stood.  Tony ignored the spitting.  It seemed warranted just this once.  “Self-important pricks,” Clint said.  “I hate racists.”
“I don’t know how long it will take,” Steve went on, deciding to just get it all out. “It’s been a couple hours. The driver said it’ll be at least a couple more.”
“Perks of the job,” he said, when she brought his juice. She was right--he’d had nothing but coffee this morning, and the sweetness of it cramped his taste buds in a delightful way.
Strange stood up, unfolding himself from the chair.  He took his wallet out of his pocket--leather, slim, expensive; Tony grudgingly admired his taste--and tossed some cash onto the table.  Twin Andrew J’s gazed in Tony’s direction.
Tony thought, and walked to the car, brittle grass breaking under his feet, his breath turning into a frozen mist as it left his mouth.
“I guess so,” Steve said vaguely.  Tony didn’t like it.  Didn’t like the way he said it.  Maybe it was because he’d been gone so long, but Tony didn’t feel like he could read him as well as he used to.
“No,” Steve said, then reconsidered.  “Well, yeah, I mean, I guess that’s a part of it, but you know, the--” he paused, sighed, “
he thought distractedly, but was also glad for the momentary illumination.  There were no lights on in the house.  It was a dark hull.  The irony was, they had a generator all gassed up and ready to go.  But it was outside in the garage.  Even if he’d still been in the chair, Tony didn’t think Steve could have made it out there.  The dooryard was a quagmire of mud and swamp.  He’d be lucky to get two feet in that slop, let alone the twenty to the garage.
--was taking his jacket off, the thin black sweater he was wearing pulling taut against his chest, and Tony’s intuition had been right. His body had gotten harder. It had always been beautiful, but now it was insane. And Tony wanted to go to him, tear his shirt off, and stare at him. Not even touch him. At least not yet. Just look at him. Look at the way his skin covered his muscles. Look at the ripples of those muscles. Look, and catalogue, and file away the changes. Compare and contrast the reality to his memory. And then, when that was done, he’d touch him. Just lightly. Just delicate little brushes of his hand. Just testing the texture. He was a facts and figures kind of guy. He needed data. He required it. He
“I knew there was something I liked about you, Doc,” Tony said.  He was impressed.  When he thought about it, it was impressive.  Strange was still a prick, but Tony had seen him in action.  It was easy to forget that the man sitting in front of him here was the same one who had fought alongside him on Titan.  He had been impressed then, and he was impressed now.  “Tell me what we’re doing, Sorcerer.”
He went to the dresser and rummaged around until he found an old pair of sweatpants and a blue t-shirt that would probably fit over those muscles. It had belonged to a guy from Germany who had flown in for the weekend a couple years ago. After they concluded their business, he had taken Tony out for copious amounts of vodka, and Tony had woken up to the guy snoring loudly on his sofa. So loudly, he could hear him from his bedroom down the hall even with the door closed. They’d parted with a friendly handshake that afternoon. They still did business, and they were still friendly. Tony had stayed at his house last August when he went to Germany for a product launch. He heard him snoring again, like a chainsaw in the woods, and the next morning, his wife apologized to Tony over and over again. Tony just laughed.
Tony felt his heart swell in the cage of his chest.  Seeing them together, happy and in love, could have made him a jealous wreck, but it didn’t.  They deserved it.  If any two people in the world did, it was these two.  How lucky that they’d found each other.  How lucky that time and circumstance had led them down their separate paths until they merged together into one.  Bruce the monster and Natasha the assassin.  Both so dangerous on their own, but together, they were all love and sweetness and light.
, he just held him for another minute instead, and that seemed like it was enough for Tony, because afterward, he lifted Steve’s head with a nudge of his shoulder, kissed his mouth, and said, “Do you want to come over after? Or we could come to your place?”
But Tony was standing there, looking at him with a little smile, and a soft, waiting look in his eyes. And he was still holding his jacket, not bothered in the least that it was old and faded, and that Steve’s clothes reeked of Wal-Mart, and that he was so different in so many other ways. No, it didn’t matter to Tony. None of it mattered.
He’d went dark when meeting with Bucky.  Whatever happened between them, Tony had known that the other would go to Steve.  Would be there for him, would take care of him, and make it okay--at least, mostly okay--for him.  He knew better than to feel that way now with Ross.  He may be a lot of things, but Tony Stark wasn’t stupid.
He got up, ducked quickly into the bathroom where he took a quick pee, washed his hands, washed his face, and brushed his teeth. His mind whirled the entire time, but when he was finished, he felt a little more calm, a little more composed, and he followed the sound of soft voices and laughter into the dining room.
Tony felt a spark ignite in his chest.  “Yeah, Cap, I know.”  He stepped off the path and started picking flowers in his five hundred dollar jeans, leather jacket, and Ray Bans.  He handed them one-by-one to Steve so he could make them into a tidy bouquet.  “So, are you going to tell me why
Nat looked back at him.  Touched his arm.  Her face was a mask of anger and sympathy.  “I know,” she said softly.
Tony’s fingers caressed his lips, and he opened them eagerly to welcome them inside. Tony laughed indulgently under his breath while Steve suckled his fingers with a greedy intensity. “Mmm. This is nice,” Tony mused. “Maybe this is enough, huh, baby?” His other hand stole into Steve’s blond hair and stroked it gently. “Maybe I don’t need anything else. Maybe-”
“Nope. Just an extremely happy coincidence.” He sucked a bruise onto Steve’s skin, then licked the same spot, soothing it. “She’s very taken with you,” he said. “She never acts like this with new people. She’s usually very reserved.”
Sarah smiled, running her hand through his hair. “He’s downstairs,” she said. “After you called, he was...pretty restless.” Steve ducked his head guiltily, and she laughed softly. “Don’t feel bad, honey. He’s fine. He just needed a distraction, so I took him down to start packing up some of your books and things.”
“I don’t want to break up with you, Steve,” Tony said softly. “Nothing you’ve said, just now or ever, makes me want to break up with you.”
“It doesn’t suck,” Tony said, and came to lean over his shoulder and look at the paper.  “Really.  It’s good.  You’re doing good.”
Kay, that's it!! Thank you all for reading and for the comments. They really do make me happy. I love connecting with you guys! I don't talk much about my writing with anyone outside of this community-don't know why. Just don't-so it's lovely when I get to talk to you all. Anyway, thank you again! See you...soon? Maybe? We'll see!💙💙💙
“Why’d you call him?” he asked, and Steve sighed, a sound of pure resignation that hurt Tony’s heart and put his hackles up.
This Tony had grown up into a young god. He was still slim-hipped, but his chest and arms had filled out, and his clothing, luxe and so artfully casual, hung on his body perfectly. Steve couldn’t see his eyes--they were covered by expensive sunglasses--but he still gave off an aura of mischief. Even from this far away, Steve could see it. And he knew it. Recognized it from before.
He fell back, blood spurting, and Tony scooted out from under him, shoving with his heels, clawing with his fingers.  Breath whooped into his mouth, burning his throat and lungs in the most divine way imaginable.
Happy looked a bit less than as he scanned Tony’s face nervously.  “This isn’t a problem, is it, boss?”
be used to it, though. He thought that might be close enough. He tried to smile, to make Tony happy, but it felt false on his face, like a mask.
Tony stuttered out a breath, but he gripped Steve tightly, hugging him. “Really?” he muttered into his neck. “You’re telling me no because you don’t want to rush things?”
Tony fixed a scowl on his face, even though what really wanted to surface was a dopey, lovestruck grin. He tapped the face of his watch. “Three-
Tony shifted until he felt his other instep against Steve’s foot.  “We’d had a fight.  Shocking, right?  It was totally my fault.  They usually are.”
“Did you?” Steve asked, gazing up at him from under his lashes again, and how could he look so sexy and so innocent at the same time? Tony wondered.
Steve dropped his head suddenly, his chin on his chest, panting, while Wanda threw her head back.  The cords on her swan-like neck stood out.  Tony could see her pulse fluttering in her throat, her heart trip-hammering.  Tears leaked steadily from her eyes, tracing back toward her hairline.
Secretary of State, General Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross’ home was as grand as any politicians’ could ever hope to be.  It was three-storeys, pillared, gambreled and gabled with an honest to god turret.  It was enough to give any fan of Victorian architecture wet dreams for a month.
Steve smiled at the way they were looking at each other. There was nothing tentative about it. It was frank and direct. No shy little smiles and bashful eyelash-batting. They assessed each other with cool confidence and Steve could almost feel the electricity that sizzled between them. It was strange, feeling that from the outside. He’d had that with Tony. Every time they looked at each other for a while, he had felt like he was burning up from the inside out, but seeing it--and feeling it second-hand--between Nat and Bucky was different. He wasn’t jealous. Bucky was great, and Natasha was too. It just felt strange. Being close to it, but not being a part of it.
This boy who was so far off-limits he might as well be on another planet. And not just because of his age.
“You’d better not be,” Tony said, and tugged on his coat. “Come here, Steve. Let’s just do this, ‘kay? I don’t want to waste time being weird and awkward.”
Tony’s mouth dropped open.  His heart dropped.  For one of the few instances in his life, he was rendered utterly speechless.
Tony pushed him against the wall of the elevator and latched onto his neck, kissing, licking, sucking, but never using his teeth. Just like he’d promised. Steve let himself go boneless, letting Tony’s weight hold him up, letting Tony do whatever he wanted to him. Letting him take control of his pleasure, and Tony took full advantage of that unique privilege. He thrust his thigh between Steve’s legs, and he rubbed against it, whispering, “Tony. Oh god, Tony,” continuously in his ear.
“Every day, Tony,” Steve said, and even as he said it, he knew it was true. Knew he meant every word. Knew he’d give him anything and everything he could. Whatever Tony wanted. Whatever he had. Anything. “Every single day for the rest of my life.”
Thad looked him up and down. His face held cold, cruel disdain. Nothing else. No love. No pain. No nothing. He shook his head. “Then get out.
keep my hands to myself.” He drummed his fingers once on Steve’s cheekbone. “Contrary to what it may seem.”
There was a warning tone to his voice, but it was just for show. And even if it wasn’t, what did it really matter? Josh was going to win. He’d already won. He’d won before Steve had even known a battle was going to take place. So what did it matter if Steve fought a little dirtier than he normally would have? What the fuck did it matter? He’d already lost.
Every child from the time they were old enough to grasp a crayon in their pudgy little fist knew that.  You didn’t write in books.
Steve kissed his hand again. He was blushing a little, and couldn’t seem to stop smiling. “Alright,” he said. “You get your pumpkin. I’m getting apple, though.”
Tony shook his head.  Confusion and sick anger bubbled inside him.  Confusion was winning out at the moment, but the anger was beginning to grow.  He could feel it rising to dominance, and he was afraid--afraid of what he would say and do when it finally won out.
Even sitting in his bed wearing ridiculous flannel pajamas with a monogram over the pocket--the Rosses seemed very fond of the old monograms--he looked like he was at a board meeting.  “No,” he said.  “I don’t see what that would gain me.”
He reached up and laid his hand against Steve’s cheek, his thumb caressing the top of the high cheekbone.  Steve turned his face into Tony’s palm.  Just a little, just enough to feel his breath against his skin.
He grabbed a blanket off the back of the couch and laid it over Steve, then he sat down in the recliner.  It was old and ugly, but surprisingly comfortable when he popped the footrest out.
“That’s right, baby,” Tony soothed, holding him tightly.  “It’s Bucky.  That’s right.  That’s just right.”
Steve looked up suddenly, meeting Tony’s eyes for the first time. He tried to smile. Tried to be brave. Even if the world was crumbling again. Tony looked back. And Steve saw that his world was crumbling a little too.
“Will you lie here with me for a while first?” He kissed him again. “Please? Just for a little while?”
He nodded, squeezing her hands. “Yeah. I am.” He rubbed his cheek on his own shoulder to brush away the remaining tear. “It’s what I’ve always wanted. What I’ve always
He didn’t tear the picture up.  He didn’t trash the house or rend his garments.  He just stood up, put on his jacket, found his keys, wallet, and sunglasses, and left the house.
“Bedtime, yeah?” he said, and as if on cue, she yawned hugely. Tony pulled her into him and ran his fingers through her hair until she was quiet.
Bucky turned his back, but Tony couldn’t let him go.  Not yet.  Bucky hadn’t had to ask him here, hadn’t had to offer up first himself for death, or then, his thanks.  Tony wanted to do something for him.  “Barnes,” he said, and Bucky stopped.  “Hey, um, I’m sorry.  For the way things happened.  In the bunker.”  Bucky’s shoulders tensed, but Tony went on.  “I didn’t want that.  Any of that.  I’m sorry.”
Steve laughed while Tony threw the pillow back at Clint. He easily snatched it out of the air and pegged it back, hitting Tony in the face again.
“Deactivation sequence completed, Mr. Stark.  Rogers. Steven, Grant.  Access Code 112-A no longer functional.”
He came into the kitchen, and directly into Steve’s arms. He buried his face in his chest, his hands lacing together at the small of his back. “Thank you for today,” he said, squeezing him tighter. “It was…”
Steve had seen him the second he came in. The second. It was as if his eyes had been drawn to that dark corner as if by some kind of magic/magnetic spell, and while he only glanced that way, his insides burst with the knowledge that Tony was here in the same room with him, after all this time, all this distance, all this
He lashed out, driving from the hip, and hit the mirror with his fist.  It shattered on impact, the glass fairly exploding against his skin.
Tony laughed and put his hand on Steve’s shoulder, rubbing it.  “We’re thirty miles from the nearest take-out and I had to rewire the entire place myself just so we could get Netflix.  Trust me, baby, that’s rough.”
Tony let out a breath, and Steve grinned again, relief rolling over him. “You might regret this later,” Tony said.
“Yeah,” he said. “Not for a while. Not since I stopped drinking. But, yeah. It’s happened before.” Tony nodded, and Steve smiled a sad little smile. “This is why I’m telling you this stuff,” he said. “You need to know. You need to know so you can decide for yourself.”
Tony shrugged. “He’s not that young, Steve.” Steve laughed again, and Tony felt his whole world right itself. He was back on axis and back on track. He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and hugged him. Steve hugged back. “I’m still sorry,” he said into Steve’s broad shoulder. “I don’t ever want to make you feel like I don’t trust you. I’ll put first-impression-Tony back in his cage, okay?”
On Tuesday, he left at eight and caught the bus home. He ate dinner, then went to bed, wondering what Tony was doing. Hoping he was having a good time. That MIT was everything he hoped it was going to be.
would never make that the front page,” she answered, crossing her legs and letting her shoe dangle from one toe. “TMZ on the other hand…”
Strange bowed his head, thinking.  Tony and Pepper exchanged a look.  Tony mouthed the words “Thank you”.  She mouthed “You’re welcome” back.  His love for her was boundless.  It always would be.  But he was glad they weren’t together anymore.  Who would have taken care of Steve if not for him?  The team would have rallied around him, but that wasn’t the same thing.  A team is great, but a partner is heaven.  Especially if it’s the right partner.
“I told you,” Steve said.  “I’m lonely.  And horny.  And it doesn’t help that you come in here looking like you do, and talking like you do.  I already jerked off once today.  I’m going to have to go three more times after you leave just to feel normal again.”
Steve sighed as he watched them sway together, Tony’s hands in Josh’s back pockets, holding him close, and his jealousy slipped away. He wasn’t jealous anymore. He wasn’t. Now he was just sad. Sad and lonely. He glanced across the bar. Bucky and Nat were gone. It was okay. It really was. In fact, it was as it should be. Hadn’t he started out alone? All those years ago, before Tony, before Sam, before Bucky? He’d been alone then too. It was just the fate of some people, he mused, as he watched Josh press himself close to Tony’s chest. Some people were loners. Solitary. They might have people around them sometimes, but they were destined to be alone. He was one of those. He was just meant to be alone. And sometimes it hurt, but wasn’t that part of it? The loneliness? It was. He knew from experience it was. You just learned to deal with it. You just got over it. You just
Tony chuckled softly. Christ, how did he ever live without this? “No diplomacy needed, baby. Or wanted. Spoiling you is my main joy in life, okay?”
With every word Tony said, he could feel the rigidity leaving Steve’s body. Felt him relax. The softness Tony so craved in him returning. “You don’t?” Steve asked, his voice a feathery whisper.
He walked like he used to. Walked up and down the streets, shoulders hunched in on themselves inside his jacket. The weather had turned cool, and as the hours passed and evening turned into night, a deep chill settled into his bones. He hated to be cold. It had been a while since he had felt so cold. Not since before he and Tony became friends. Tony exuded so much warmth, wrapped him so generously in it every day, every hour, every second of every day, especially now that they were more than friends. Now that they were
He swallowed around Steve’s softening erection, sucking him through his orgasm, then pulled off.  Steve slid to the floor, breathing heavily, dazed and drained.  Tony took some time tucking himself away.  Had it been fifteen minutes yet?  He didn’t know.  Didn’t really care.  All he cared about right now was the tiny tilt of Steve’s lips, that look of satisfaction that always appeared on his face in the afterglow.
Sam surprised him again by laughing a little. “Well, at least you can admit it. Steve never does. Never
themselves. And that was the best part of it for both of them. Steve had something that belonged to him. Only him. The fact that even though he didn’t have much--had never had much--he had Tony now. And for Tony, who had always had everything he ever wanted, but no true affection or love, now felt smothered in it whenever he was around Steve, and it was everything he’d ever dreamed of and more.
Steve’s fingers slowly uncurled from Tony’s jacket.  His eyes raked her from head to toe, taking her in.  The lines on his face smoothed out.  It was as if he were remembering something vital that had been forgotten.  For all Tony knew, that’s exactly what was happening.
“That’s not wit, Tony,” Steve said.  “That’s truth.”  He tightened his arms around Tony, holding him against his chest, and put his face in the crook of his neck.
She kept her hand on his forearm, and he was grateful for it. Grateful for that touch. It kept him focused on her, and didn’t let his eyes get drawn across the room again. “So do you. It’s been a long time.”
The only knowledge they had of Tony came from Bruce.  He’d seen him go up into a ship and that was it.  He had tried to access FRIDAY’s archives but could not get past Tony’s firewalls.  No one knew where he was.  Or if he was alive or dead.  And that was the worst part.  There was no “and” at the end of Tony’s sentence.  It just ended.  It just stopped.
Steve stopped at the top and took his keys out of his pocket. Tony pressed up against his back and pressed his mouth against his shoulder, let his hands move over the washboard of his abdominals. Tony could feel them, hard and sharp beneath his fingers even through the fabric of his shirt. He couldn’t wait to see them. To put his tongue on them. His teeth.
He went first, keeping Tony’s hand firmly in his even though he had to trail it behind. There was still no room for the two of them to walk together. When they got to the top, Sarah put her hand on his cheek. “How are you?” she asked seriously, her eyes clouded with worry.
Steve held the pennant in his hands now, smiling a little.  It was a good memory.  They were all good memories--movie nights, rooftop paintball (but only when Clint wasn’t around.  They didn’t call him “Hawkeye” for nothing.), late night tea with Bruce, and every second of every day that he spent with Tony.  Looking back now, even the worst days with Tony had been so very good.
He slipped his fingers between Tony’s, lacing them together for a brief second before turning his hand and scratching his nails along Tony’s palm. It seemed unconscious, movement just for movement’s sake, as if he was trying to calm his own nerves by touching Tony, the only problem was, his touch was anything but calming to Tony. The delicate scrape of Steve’s nails on his palm was intensely thrilling in the same way feeling his tongue in his mouth during their all-too-brief kisses was thrilling.
“Thank you,” he said, and touched the door handle. For one moment, he was afraid it wouldn’t turn. But it did.
After a moment, Steve’s voice came again. It was barely audible, but Tony had excellent hearing. “You can come in.”
Tony shrugged. Brushed Steve’s throat with his thumb again. “You mentioned talking, ‘or something’? We could do that.”
“Wow,” Tony said, and poked him in that sensitive spot on his ribs that always made him squirm. “Retire, huh? Christ, when did you get so old?”
“We’re done,” Strange said.  “Don’t contact me again, and tell Dr. Banner he’s banned from the property.”
He’d have been smiling while he wrote that inscription, Tony was sure of it.  His grin mischievous, his eyes sparkling, knowing that anyone else who saw it would be either confused or mildly shocked.  But not Tony.  Tony would know it for what it was, that little inside joke.  It was their own language.  “I love you” in code.
, but maybe you could come over here? He’s not really talking to anyone right now, but I think he’d feel better if you were here. You might have to convince him of that at first, though. You know how he is.”
“It’s nice the option’s mostly there,” Steve said.  “For other people.  But I’m kind of okay with us the way we are.”
“His back and pelvis are healing nicely.  In fact, I think I’m going to try him on a walker next week.”
Tony could hear his own voice crying out as Steve fucked into him faster now, angled just right, just perfectly, finding his prostate with every thrust, sending Tony hurtling toward release. And Steve. He could hear him too, his voice a low, constant hum. Lost in pleasure, Tony couldn’t make out the words. Didn’t think it mattered. Maybe later it would matter. Maybe later he would wish he had understood what Steve was saying, but right now, here in this moment, all he cared about was the fact that he was here. That Steve was here. That it was Steve making him feel so good. That Steve was taking care of him. Just like he’d promised all those years ago standing out in the living room just there, with Howard at the door. “I’ll take care of you,” he’d said, and he was. He was taking care of him. And Tony felt like crying because it was more than he could have ever hoped for.
“The very same people who, along with Wanda Maximoff, came here last night, damaged property, disrupted patients, destroyed security footage, and assaulted two people.”
The steaks were perfect, if Tony said so himself, fatty, juicy, tender bits of deliciousness that maybe weren’t quite worth what he’d paid, but still pretty damn good.  Tony was especially gratified when Sam, who was always perfectly friendly, but never truly warm, wrapped him in a surprise hug and declared it was the best meal he’d had since his momma had passed away.  The others agreed unanimously, and Tony indulged in ten minutes of preening glory.
Steve struggled back to the present, but those words followed him.  They’d followed him for years.  They always would.
Tony found himself thinking about Pepper more and more.  Their relationship had not always been easy, but it had been safe.  A literal and figurative safety net for him whenever he stumbled.  He thought back to that first night here with Steve, wondering how he hadn’t fallen without Steve to hold him up, and the answer was Pepper.  He hadn’t been afraid to fall back then, because she was there to pick him up.  Always.  Every time.  He hadn’t needed Steve to lean on because Pepper caught him before he hit the ground.
There were speeches and stories and far too many toasts raised in honor of Nat and Bruce.  Far too many glasses of champagne.  Far too many dances.  Far too many songs.  Natasha herself brought the house down with a sultry rendition of Peggy Lee’s “Fever” that left Bruce a stammering, blushing mess, and it was not long after that, the couple decided to make their escape.
Around seven, he got out of bed and got into the shower. He washed his face, his hair, his body. He didn’t have a toothbrush, but he swished some toothpaste around in his mouth the best he could, then took a hit of Scope from the bottle in the medicine cabinet. When he went back into the bedroom, he made the bed. It didn’t look as nice as when Steve did it, but he thought it was passable anyway, then folded up his t-shirt and put on the rest of his clothes. He poked around in Steve’s drawer and found one of his t-shirts and pulled it on. He didn’t think Steve would mind. He went into the kitchen and started coffee. He knew where everything was. That hadn’t changed at all.
Tony leaned over and kissed his temple.  “Don’t get up, ‘kay?” he said, kissing him a second and third time.  “I’ll be back.”
“I do know, and I love that, but it also makes us a bigger target.  You never know when somebody might get it in their head to try and take us out.  Again.”
Bruce stuck his fork into a cherry tomato and popped it into his mouth. “No. I’m fine. I like salad.”
Tony tipped his head to rest against Steve’s. He bit his lip. He was breathing hard, almost panting. That hadn’t mattered when Steve was kissing him, giving him his own breath, but now he felt like he couldn’t get enough oxygen. Like he was drowning.
Steve started, as if she had woken him.  He looked at her, his eyes clouded.  “Yeah.  Yeah, Peggy, I’m fine.”
rerun or something instead of going out with Sam for a beer tonight. If he’d just stayed home, he wouldn’t be in this situation at all. He wouldn’t have met Thad Ross tonight. Wouldn’t have had to hear him call Steve a fucking little slut, and wouldn’t have watched in fascination as his fist flew out and hit him right in the face.
Steve nodded, looking directly into her eyes. “I’m sure, Mom.” She tilted her head, raised her brows in a silent question, and he nodded again. “Really. I’m okay. I feel good.”
Tony cried into her breast like he would have done with his own mother if given a chance.  She put her cool, soothing hand on his back and held him while he cried. She didn't say it was going to be okay, or that everything was going to be alright.  She had lost her husband of forty years only a year ago. She must have known that sometimes things
That’s how tonight had gone, and that was what Steve was doing now, not sleeping, just dozing, lying on his back, one hand on his own stomach, the other curled loosely into Tony’s t-shirt.  The rain outside the window was quiet and comforting.  The bed was soft, warm with their combined body heat.  Steve had never felt such perfect contentment in his life.
Steve scrubbed a hand over his face.  “We were pretty happy, weren’t we, Tony?” he asked.  “I didn’t just make that up, did I?”
Steve just looked at him. That wary/amused look was still in his eyes, a smile that was only truly half smile and half worried frown. "I don't need anything, Tony."
“But Majorca won’t be,” she said.  “Sun.  Sand.  Fruity umbrella drinks.”  She stuck the zip file into the front of her top, snugging it down between her breasts.  “And Bruce promised to take me to swim with the dolphins if--
Steve started a little, jerked out of his reverie, and looked to his left. A guy was sitting beside him. A guy with dark hair and hazel eyes. A little smile on his lips. Steve had never seen him before. He was just some guy.
That’s the way he’d ended up at the supermarket when his phone buzzed.  It was an unknown number.  Tony let it go to voicemail and kept shopping.
“Yeah.  Funny.”  Rhodey grabbed his hand.  “You call me if you need me.  I know I don’t have to say it, but day or night.  You hear me?”
Steve watched Tony moodily zip his ball into its bag--hot rod red and gold, of course.  “You think so?”
Steve blushed, burying another laugh in the curve of Tony’s neck, and suddenly Tony was no longer angry. He was actually quite grateful. If this was the consequence for Clint’s bad behavior, Tony hoped he’d never be good again.
Steve tore his eyes away from Tony’s and looked at Wanda shyly.  Wanda looked back, the fragility in her eyes breaking Tony’s heart then mending it again in the space of a second.  They looked so alike, they
Pepper gave his cheek one more swipe.  “I am glad you called, Tony.  Things were a little too quiet without you around.”
Tony dropped Sam off at his place around nine, then drove home feeling really good, replaying the best parts of the day, thinking the only thing that could have made it better was if Steve could have been with them. It was okay, though. He’d call him when he got home. Talk. Tell him about the date he’d had with “the other man”. Ask Steve about his day. Be angry on his behalf about his jerk of a boss, because god knew Steve wouldn’t do it himself. He never did. He needed Tony to do it for him. And he did. He liked doing it. He was good at it.
She stood at the door, put her hand on it, and used her red-painted nails to tap on it.  Steve recognized the Morse Code:  -.-. .-.. .. -. -
“Every time after this time.” Steve squeezed him again, then kissed his neck again, made his way over to his mouth, and kissed his lips very softly. “I love you.”
He shot her a look and a huff of breath.  She pulled him onward.  Bruce was making spaghetti for dinner, and homemade garlic bread.  A siren-song if ever there was one.
Tony sat up, moving quickly, and unbuckled Steve’s belt.  He bent over, kissed his stomach, as his fingers worked the button of his jeans open.  “This is okay, right?” he asked, pulling the zipper down.
hands traveling over his skin. That mouth closing over his nipple. Those eyes staring up at him, filled with dark lust and sweet, gentle love all mixed up in a divine cocktail of desire.
,” he emphasized, and Steve went ahead and grinned. He didn’t care about what he looked like. He never did. Tony probably wouldn’t either if he was as ridiculously beautiful as Steve Rogers.
He needn’t have worried, anyway.  She had no intention of harming him.  Instead, she brought her hand down and lightly caressed his hair.  “You need to stop making sounds now, Doctor Baxter, alright?” she said softly.  “I don’t want to hurt you.  I
“Steve.” He was already so close, but when he leaned in, there was no more space between them. No more room for walls. No room for anything but one breath, just a slow intake before Tony pressed his mouth to Steve’s.
He slung his bag up over his shoulder and started into the bedroom. His eyes moved over the pictures on the wall, just like they always did. He barely even saw them anymore. Usually. He’d seen them so often now, they just blended into the scenery. But not this time.
That was a little harder to define. And not only because of his father’s whims and inclination to just decide to up and leave for years on end at a moment’s notice. He couldn’t define Tony because there was
“Yeah, I did,” Tony said, and raised a hand to--finally--touch that beard on Steve’s face. He ran a hand over it, smooth and sure, then touched his bottom lip with his thumb. Steve closed his eyes. He only opened them when Tony brushed his fingers over his neck, down his arm, then slipped his hand into Steve’s.
He turned away with a harsh sigh.  His hands balled into fists.  When the door opened, he thanked the Virgin Mary and all the Saints.  He hadn’t done that in a long time.  Steve didn’t know whether to be amused or frightened that all it took was a salad to bring out the Catholic boy in him again.
Steve put his bag down, then crossed the room to that spot.  He scuffed his toe on the hardwood, then squatted easily on his haunches and touched the floor.
Steve sighed, looking as if he were trying very hard to let himself be convinced.  “Really?” he asked.  “‘Cause I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.  I’d never want to make you uncomfortable.”
Howard sat his coffee down and pulled the chair out. He slid into it, and arranged his legs, the crease in his pants, the lapel of his jacket. It all happened unconsciously, Steve was sure, and it was strange to see. He saw Tony in some of those movements. In the way Howard moved his hands, the way he held his body, and Steve was almost awed by it. Awed...and repelled. And that was
Tony’s fingers finally moved from his cheek. His hand drifted slowly downward, even as he turned his head and looked into Steve’s eyes. They were serious, those eyes--almost grave--and Steve felt his blush heat up even more under their scrutiny. “You kissed me,” he said again.
At last, Steve put the razor down.  He splashed more water on his face, then used the towel to dry off.  When that was done, he tossed it on the counter and looked at Tony.  His eyes had lost that focused, haughty glow.  They were lighter now, younger, charmed and charming.  He smiled.
“Be ready to leave as soon as we get back inside, ‘kay, Jerry?” he told the pilot.  “I’ll wait for him out there.”
“What happened, Tony?  Who did--” He stopped, his eyes going to the razor on the ground by his knee.
Tony grabbed the lamp off the table and held it closer to Steve's head.  "Oh my fucking god," he exclaimed. There was laughter in his voice now too, under the initial surprise.  "You do! You've got like three of them. Right here."
Tony pulled Steve’s arm toward him, and pressed his face into the solid muscle of his shoulder.  “Yeah, what’s up with that?” he asked, the remnants of sleep softening his words.  Steve kept his face turned away, staring down at the lake.  The moon was new and there were no lights save the one at the end of their dock so far away from here, so Tony couldn’t read his eyes.  He could, however, read his posture.  The droop of his shoulders, the slight hanging of his head.  This was Steve defeated.  This was Steve hurting.  Alone.  Tony held his arm tighter, pressing his mouth onto Steve’s hard shoulder.  But he kept speaking.  Because he had to.  He needed to.  Steve needed him to.  “You’re scaring me,” he said.  “You’re scaring Sam.  You’re scaring Wanda.”  He laughed, but it was without much humor.  “I think the only person you’re
Tony flushed with happiness. Nobody really said they were proud of him. It was nice hearing it. Especially from Steve, even if he was half-joking. “Wanna go watch the rest?” he asked. “I keep hearing about some murderous computer thing. Sounds interesting.”
“She doesn’t know,” Steve answered, his mouth tilting into a tiny smile. “And I’d appreciate it if you didn’t tell her. She’d kick my ass from here to Jersey.”
“It was one of the things that got me through,” Steve said, putting his hands in his pockets. “Over there. Sometimes I’d make up little stories in my head about coming back up here with you. Building a fire on the shore. Roasting marshmallows, like you said. Going for a walk into the woods back there.” He sighed. “And it was always July. No matter what time of the year it was
Mostly, though, it was quiet, quiet and peaceful, and Tony felt a huge sense of contentment as he wandered from room to room making sure everyone was alright, seeing if they needed anything, an extra blanket, a glass of water.  Everyone he asked was fine, but there was one person he did not encounter, and, he realized, he had not encountered him for quite a while.
Lying in his bed, he could sometimes hear little sounds from the apartment next to his. Not loud. It was an old building, the walls were well-made and thick, but sometimes, late at night, he could still hear a quiet murmur that could only be voices coming from the room directly through the wall.
for six weeks. That may not have seemed like a long time for most people, but it was Tony’s second-longest romantic relationship. Only Pepper had stuck it out with him longer, and they’d had a solid base of years already spent together to build on. He and Steve didn’t have that. Their history was a little more complicated. But in spite of that, or maybe because of it, they were the happiest six weeks Tony could remember ever spending, and he wanted to give Steve something to thank him for that. Something to show him how much he meant to Tony. How much
Tony tried to smile, feeling almost afraid now.  Afraid he’d been wrong.  “Yeah,” he said, striving for lightness.  “I’m pretty sure I said ‘I do’ to you, baby.  And I’m fucking
Steve took one more long drag on his smoke, then stubbed it out on the side of the building. He flicked the butt into the gutter, leaning into Tony a little to do it. Tony didn’t move back. He moved deliberately with him instead, keeping close, as close as he could without actually pressing up against him. The only point of contact was the hand on Steve’s arm. It stayed, tightened a bit, his thumb slipping along the scuffed leather.
“See you around, Stark,” he said, and only the tiniest tremor in his voice told Tony he was trying desperately to hold himself together.
Howard nodded, smiling a little. “Not necessary, son, no,” he said, “but could I join you anyway? Just for a moment? I really would like to talk to you.”
She rolled her eyes. Affectionately. “Stop being a baby. He’s tired and pissed, but he’s not unreasonable. He’ll get over it. And so will you.” She tugged his sleeve again. “Come on. Let’s go.”
Steve smiled, that warm feeling just getting warmer. “I’m glad you stayed with her. It meant a lot to her.”
“I will, though, Tony, okay?” Steve said, and now he put his own arms around Tony and held him tight. So, so tight. “I will. I promise. I’ll let go. I’ll try and stop loving you. Just not tonight. Okay? Okay, Tony? Can I have one more night? One more night where I can go to sleep thinking there might be a chance for us?”
Natasha released Bruce and sat next to Tony.  “It doesn’t make you bad.  But it kind of makes you selfish.”
Steve shrugged. He couldn’t seem to look away from that leprechaun. He kind of wished he could find the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow right now. That gave you wishes, right? If so, his first wish would be that his boss would just shut the fuck up and let him think. “I don’t really know,” he said.
“Don’t talk like that,” Tony said and pulled himself up from the chair’s depths and perched on the edge.  He reached for Steve’s hand and held it between both of his own, marveling at the heat that came off it, how just holding his hand was enough to warm his entire body from the inside out.  “Seriously.  Don’t.  I don’t like hearing you say stuff like that.”  He ran his finger over Steve’s jaw, then over his plush lower lip.  “Please, okay?  I need you.”
They lay together in the dark, the faint sounds of the city and their breathing the only noises in the room.  It was not the way Steve had thought the night would end, but it was a good way.  Nat’s body was soft against him and gave off a lazy heat that was like sitting by a low fire at the end of a long day.  Sleep reached out for him, caressing with gentle fingers.  For once, he didn’t have to chase it, and that was more than a relief.  It was a goddamn miracle.
“Fuck it,” he said, and stuffed his mostly-finished paperwork away into his desk drawers. It was almost done anyway, and the siren-song of cool dark water was suddenly, overwhelmingly more than he could bear.
Tony stood where he was, listening to the bathroom door open, then close. There was some movement, then the shower started up. He closed his eyes, forcing himself not to imagine what was going on in there. Only madness could be found going down that path tonight. So instead, he turned around and looked at the bed. It still looked big and dreamy. Inviting, with its soft sheets and smooth, white covers. He’d hoped he’d be sleeping beside Steve in it tonight, but Morgan looked so sweet lying there, the dark of her hair such a contrast to the sea of white surrounding her, he felt himself ease a little. Felt that knot in his stomach start to unravel.
He started saying yes almost out of self-defense. He thought if he went to lunch with him once or twice, Howard would be satisfied that he’d done his fatherly duty and just finally leave him the fuck alone, but that’s not what happened. The more Tony said yes, the more Howard asked, and soon they were having lunch together almost every day. And talking.
He tried not to think about it much. It was easier when he didn’t think about it. He tried to just keep himself busy. Keep his brain occupied with material, tangible things. Things he could put his hands on. Things he could fix. He knew himself well enough to understand there were some areas where he was a bit limited. Biological stuff. Heart stuff. Love stuff. That had never been his forté. Even when he tried really hard, like he had with Pepper, it just never seemed like he could get it right. But with Steve, it had almost
Tony leaned closer, getting into Steve’s space.  “I mean, the thought of you in a dress uniform is always hot,” he said deliberately, and Steve ducked his head, blushing and smiling.  Tony went on, unable--or maybe just unwilling--to stop his own mouth.  “Of course, I really only want you in your uniform so I can take you
They waved at the taillights, and then Sam turned to Natasha. “I’m sorry about tonight,” he began, but Nat laid her finger across his lips.
Steve threw the cashew at him, then looked at the table. He couldn’t help the way his mouth ticked up into a little smile, though. “We never made out in the janitor closet,” he muttered.
Tony frowned. “Your date…?” he said, then closed his eyes, letting his head fall back. “Oh, fuck.” Tony’s arms were still around Steve, but now he loosened his grip enough to try and catch his downcast eyes. “You’re talking about me, right?” he asked.
That old mix of feeling that he knew so well bubbled up in Tony’s gut.  The love, the fear, the longing, the frustration, the desire.  All present and accounted for.  He had held arms agreements inside this jet.  Had conversations with heads of state, presidents,
Tony laughed a little and shook his head.  “I guess?”  He scrubbed a hand through his damp hair.  “Christ, Steve, I don’t know.  It’s been a long few weeks.  I’m tired.”
Steve laughed and rubbed his cheek against his own shoulder to wipe away the tear that had escaped his lashes. “It was a long day.”
Steve felt a little bad about that thought as soon as it was fully formed in his mind.  The phone-guy wasn’t the only one who would buckle under the weight of Tony’s charisma.  As Steve looked at Tony’s face, the soft mouth, the drawn eyebrows, he knew Tony would buckle, himself.  He did it all the time.
Steve expertly fit himself into the gap between Tony’s thighs. Tony didn’t have to move much--he just bent one knee, and let his other foot drop to the ground to make room--and then Steve was lying back against his chest, and Tony curled his arm around him, holding him close enough to stroke his neck.
They took the ticket up to the register. Although they couldn’t really hear the sounds of extreme make-out from over here, Tony noticed it could still be seen. In two places. Not only by turning his head just the slightest bit, but there was also a mirror behind the register, and the sex-corner was very much on display in all its reflected glory.
Steve grabbed his hand and pinned it to the bed above his head.  In an instant, his other hand joined it.  Steve clasped them both in one of his fists and held them against the mattress.
He checked his phone as he left the cafe. Tony had given it to him for his birthday last week. It was funny how quickly he’d gotten used to carrying it. How much he enjoyed checking it for messages. Because there usually was one. One from Tony or his mom, something funny or sweet, or just a check-in. Sometimes there were only a couple of punctuation marks making a face. :) or sometimes :( depending on Tony’s mood that day. Sometimes when he opened a text, it just said “I love you, baby”. Those were his favorites. He didn’t always answer the others, but he always answered those. “I love you too, Tony”.
“You need to get him some help,” Rhodey said levelly.  “And that help can’t be you.  You can be there for him, but you can’t be his shrink.  That’s not the way it works, Tony.”
Tony hugged back, amused and proud.  He let happiness burst in his chest for a moment, then pulled the kid off him and held him at arms’ length.
He could still enjoy what he was being given right now, though. Like a dog with an illicit table-scrap, he could just enjoy whatever Tony gave him without worrying about the consequences. He didn’t
“I’m sure she’ll love them,” Tony said, and Steve was pretty sure he was just placating him, but at the moment, he didn’t care. All he cared about was getting through this phone call. Then the rest of the week. Then Saturday and this ridiculous idea of going to the aquarium. Tony could choose where to go next time. If there
Steve bent to kiss Tony’s mouth.  Steve was deep inside him, moving with him.  His hands touching him, stroking him, bringing him closer and closer to the edge of the abyss.  “You feel good,” Steve whispered in his ear.  “Oh, god, Tony, you feel so good.”
He showed it to Tony when he finished it, bringing it into the bedroom and handing it to him with a shy, downcast eye.  Tony read it through, glasses perched on the end of his nose, frowning over it seriously.
Steve nodded.  “I just...I wasn’t expecting to see you and I, um, I didn’t sleep very well in there.”  He tried to smile and strain-lines appeared instead.  “I want to make sure what I say is what I mean.  You know?”
Tony’s brow furrowed and those eyes got darker, even more intense. Steve couldn’t look away now if he tried. He was held in their thrall. “But that’s not the same thing, is it?” he asked. “Is it, Steve?”
“Okay,” she said, and yawned again. Her eyes drifted closed, but she forced them open and looked at him glassily. “I love you, Steve.”
It stayed out of reach for now.  Just out of reach, and the agony continued.  But he knew the quiet was there. His body knew.  His mind knew. The thought kept him from simply giving in and letting himself die.  The thought of peace. Of quiet. And the knowledge that he would have it soon. Very soon.
Steve blushed as Tony filled his ear with dirty words.  When he pulled away, Steve’s lips curved upwards.  “I meant doing the dishes,” he said.  “But I wouldn’t say no to that, either.”
The smile was back.  The all-exasperating one.  “Oh, that’s right.  When you two big, strong men started fighting over
Steve slung a leg over Tony’s hips and caged him beneath him. He kissed him, sucking on his bottom lip. “There’s that pouty lip again.”
“Tony and I don’t speak about personal things,” Howard said. “In fact, we hardly speak at all. We haven’t in years.”
“He died.”  The thumb started to come back up to his mouth.  Steve forced it back to the armrest and held it tightly.  “I’d made my peace with it then, but now…” He shook his head.
Steve hitched in a breath and let it out in a rush.  “Will you try and find her?” he asked.  “If Vision’s gone, she doesn’t have anyone.  She’s alone.  We can’t let her be alone.  We’re her family.”  He blinked, and for the first time, Natasha saw tears in his own eyes.  “
The air between them had changed subtly. There was a charge that had not been there before, something that crackled and sizzled. He’d felt it before, during the war. While gearing up for a run, it had been as if an electric current had gone rogue and jumped from one man to the next. Hair stood on end, muscles quivered and jumped. During missions now, he felt it still. It was an eagerness for battle, a desire to go in swinging and make sure you and your squad were the ones who came out whole. Had he felt it before the serum? He’d been in plenty of fights, plenty of scuffles with neighborhood toughs. He’d come away bloody and bruised, but never broken. The truth was, they made him feel alive in a way that nothing else ever had. He’d relished it then and he relished it now. And Nat felt the same. The same hard glow was in her eyes, the same tautness in her muscles. He sensed them thrumming just beneath the surface of her skin, and knew that if he touched her now, he’d feel her trembling.
Tony hung up the phone and took a deep breath. He let it out slowly, trying hard to get himself under control. The hand on the back of his neck helped. He didn’t want to admit to himself just how much it helped...but it did.
The doorman didn’t stir as Steve left the building and went out into the bitter night air.  He stepped outside and breathed it in.  Smog.  Smoke.  Snow.  Lingering fragrance of exhaust.  The warm scent of yeast from the bakery down the street.  New York.  It was all New York.
So, Steve stayed. He knelt there for a long time, Thad’s cock in his mouth, trying hard to think about nothing but keeping Thad happy. He wanted him to be happy.
He’d said a lot of things, but Tony knew what he meant.  Thoughts of life preservers went round and round in his head.  “I will.”
“‘Cause I get that,” Steve said, and if Tony’s voice was sharp, Steve’s was the stroke of a feather, the smooth glide of silk. “Tony. I get that.” He tightened his grip on Tony’s hips. “I want her to like me. You know? If we’re doing this--like,
Tony had asked Natasha for a visit in a few weeks.  “Give us ‘til July,” he’d said, “then come up.  You bring the beer and I’ll cook the steaks.  It’ll be fun.”  She’d asked if she could bring someone and he’d hesitated only a second before saying yes, sure she could bring someone.  She’d been spending time with Bruce again, but Tony had seen the way she looked at Bucky when they came to visit Steve in Wakanda.  He thought it might be a toss-up between the two.  Or maybe she’d just bring Sam.  Sometimes no pressure was the best choice.
Steve’s fingers curled possessively over the compass, but he forced them open and placed it in Thor’s large hand.
He stepped lightly toward the door, moving silently on his bare feet. He wasn’t afraid, but he was careful. He was a New York boy, careful had been bred into his bones, and looked through the peephole with one eye closed.
Steve took his hand, and Tony marveled at how good that felt. How pure that simple act of taking his hand could be. The hallway was a short one, and for Tony it was both much too short and much too long. Short because the sweet pleasure of just holding Steve’s hand was a beautiful thing on it’s own. Long because what was waiting for them at the end of it was everything he had wanted for so long. Everything he’d dreamed about while lying alone in bed for the last few months since Pepper left him. The last few years, if he was being honest. The last fifteen years, if he was being
Tony shook his head.  Around them, some of the other visitors were beginning to stand up.  Hours were almost over.  The morning had slipped through his hands again, and a wave of desperation rolled through him.  He didn’t want to leave.  Didn’t want to leave Steve here at the mercy of a bunch of bullies and a government installation that didn’t really seem to care that the man they had in their custody deserved to be revered instead of overlooked.  Or used.  But they didn’t see him as a man.  No one did.  To Ross he was an animal that needed to be caged.  To the army, he was either a cross to bear or a pawn to be moved.  It was only Tony and their friends that saw Steve as a person.  Nat, Bucky, Bruce, Sam, Wanda, Thor, Clint, Rhodey, Fury, hell, even Stephen fucking Strange, they were the only ones who saw the humanity in him.  The fact that he was a man.
hearing?  How did I not know about this?  I mean, fuck what I said about not wanting to know about Steve Rogers, but
“Can I get a raincheck?” he asked, and Steve shrugged, the pout intensifying. If he hadn’t promised Pepper, Tony knew he would have definitely blown all his meetings off. Just to make Steve happy. “Come on,” he coaxed instead. “It really does sound like fun. I’d love to go with you next time.”
Steve laughed, putting his face into the crook of Tony’s neck. “Quiet,” he said. “I don’t want my mom to know I like it freaky.”
But Steve hadn’t really needed that particular image in his head.  Especially sitting here in this room with him.  Especially since good, old “Thunderbolt” kept giving him decidedly wolfish looks across the polished table, obviously thrilled to be here, his eyes saying, “I own you, Rogers” as plain as day.
, without a shadow of a doubt--if Morgan had not been with them, if Steve hadn’t promised stingrays, they would have left right that moment. Left and gone to either Tony’s apartment or his own, stripping clothing off, leaving a trail of shirts and shoes and jeans on the way to the bedroom. He could almost hear Tony gasping as Steve opened him up. Almost feel him clenching around him as he slid inside him, the tight heat like a dream made real.
Tony took a few steps away. He rubbed his face with his hands, and Steve could see how tired he looked. How close he was to breaking. “I heard you with her in there,” Tony said, nodding his head toward the door. “Earlier.”
“Is that why you agreed to go?” Tony asked, jumping right in.  Steve had said they could talk later if he wanted.  It was later.  And he wanted.  “‘Cause it was right?”
Tony glared. “‘Kay, first off, I’m going to kick your ass for being a sarcastic dick,” he said, and Steve laughed. “And second, it’s October, and you
, Tony thought, and couldn’t help the sappy feeling that built up in his own stomach while he watched Steve pick one out, put it into the player, say “Damnit” under his breath, take it out, turn it around, and put it back in. Soon, the sound of The Eagles doing
Steve laughed a little. “I don’t know what I was thinking with the stupid aquarium,” he said. “I mean, Christ, you guys are from California. It’s not like it’s nothing you’ve never seen. I just-” he shrugged, but he didn’t let Tony go. He kept holding him, kept rubbing his back.
Tony laughed and clasped his arms around Steve’s waist. They hadn’t kissed. Not really. Just hands. Just cheeks. But now, he stretched on his toes and pressed his lips to Steve’s soft ones. Steve sighed into it, like it was a relief. “It
hadn’t forced Ross to drug him, and use him, and torture him for over a fucking year.  That had been Thaddeus, himself.  Good, old fucking Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross.  Whatever consequences he faced, he’d brought them on himself.
But, as per usual, Steve was skittish.  He’d bolt if frightened.  Tony would never push for anything Steve didn’t want, but he wanted to be around him.  To bask in his sun and swim in those still waters that ran so deep.  He wanted to be close to him again.  In whatever capacity, whatever form Steve would allow.
“Ten minutes,” Tony said, and gave him a quick, firm kiss. “We can still go. Just give me ten minutes to jump in the shower-”
Her voice drifted to them from where she sat on the floor with Doctor Strange.  It was frightened, unsure.  “Steve?”
“No,” Tony said before Strange could jump in and take this from him too.  “Come on back to the Tower.  It’s pretty quiet there.  And I’ve got movies, and popcorn, and, you know, every Thai place in the city on speed dial.  It’s way better than a hotel.”
“Then he’d be even more miserable right now,” she said. “He’s the happiest I’ve seen him since he was a little boy, sweetheart. That’s got a lot to do with you.”
he here?  There seemed to be no answer in his head.  Nothing at all in his head except the thought of Pepper and old insect-boy all over each other in some sex dungeon.  Because this place had a sex dungeon.  Look at it.  Of fucking course it did.
She patted his shoulder, consolingly. She was an older lady, sweet, motherly. Tony said she’d been there for as long as he could remember. “Do you want your usual, hun?”
“I’m not your fucking sex-doll, Rogers,” he snapped.  “God, you go away for awhile and you come back a totally different person.  What’d they do to you in that hospital?”
And that unlocked the floodgates.  Knowing he shouldn’t have an opinion, gave him a lot of opinions.  A mountain of opinions, a fucking avalanche of opinions.  “Oh, Pepper,
“Neither would Bucky!”  Steve flared.  “He was a hero, Tony, he wasn’t-he wasn’t like that.  He’s not what they made him into.  He’s my family.  The only family I ever had until you guys.”
Steve looked up at him through his lashes.  “Yeah,” he said, and it was just a statement of fact, so basic, so fundamental, but volcanic in its implications.  “You make everything better.”
Luckily for them, his tech was no match for one Tony Stark, and his guards were easily brought to heel by the Avengers’ own resident witch, who had them dreaming of their halcyon days of yore.  For most, that was home with their mothers.  For one or two, their high-school years.  One, an older guy with a hard, craggy face and a tarnished wedding band, dreamed of a hot summer spent in a hay loft with a golden-haired ranch-hand.  Wanda made sure he was extra comfortable.  After losing Vision and experiencing all the years Steve spent pining after Tony while she went through his meticulously-catalogued mind, she took a vested interest in long, lost love.
Steve ran a hand through his hair. It was still short, but he hadn’t shaved in a week. “Nine years ago.”
When they got home, Steve unbuckled Morgan, and she clung wordlessly to his neck until he just lifted her up and carried her inside. Her soft, solid weight felt good in his arms, but there was a desperation in the way she held onto him that mirrored the dim cloud that had hung over the entire evening. He knew what it was. Knew it was for the same reason Tony had been so temperamental over the last few days, the same reason his mother’s eyes had leaked continuously all through dinner. He knew, and part of him loved it, but most of him just felt sad. He hated feeling like he was doing this to the people he loved. The people who meant more to him than anyone in the world.
He winced and thrashed on the grass.  She held him down by the shoulders.  The wound in his gut spouted fresh blood and he cried out in pain.  “Don’t--Steve--don’t move.  You have to stay still, okay?  Please, Steve, don’t.”
He wrapped his hand over the glass cover of the first and turned it on.  Nothing.  “Fuck,” he muttered, and grabbed the other, praying it would work.  He didn’t want to resort to candles.  He repeated the process, covering the end with his hand, and this time when he thumbed the switch, his fingers glowed a fiendish red.  Tony sighed in relief and edged toward the bedroom.
“And your daddy will always be seventeen,” Sarah went on, sliding her hand through Tony’s hair. “Sitting at my kitchen table with a cup of coffee, wearing a t-shirt two sizes too big for him.”
Tony didn’t realize all these things were building up to something.  He didn’t realize that ordering orange chicken and lo mein for one twice a week, or sitting alone on the deck at night with a glass of Scotch, or playing a game of chess with FRIDAY on Wednesday mornings had been loading straws onto the camel’s back.
“Is it guys in general?” Tony went on, still holding Steve’s shirt. “Or is it just me you don’t like?”
wearing a hoodie.  Tony knew he’d be a hoodie-guy on his days off.  Tony, himself, was not.  He tried not to let it influence him.
Steve put his head on Tony's chest, held him tight.  His tears were hot and steady. He cried for a long time, and Tony sat with him, his arms wrapped around him, loving him through it, thinking about how much he loved him, how much he'd always loved him, how much he
Steve shook his head, took another drag. “Not yet. In a minute, though,” he said, and tapped ash from his cigarette with practiced ease.
His eyes slipped closed.  The tension in his shoulders eased and he slumped bonelessly in Tony’s lap.
Huge relief and joy like he had never known barrelled through Steve’s entire being. If he hadn’t been lying down, he was positive he would have been blown cleanly back by the force of it. Like a leaf in a hurricane. “Yeah?”
Steve eased himself fully on top of Tony’s prone body.  He was crushing him, but Tony savored the feeling.  The weight of his body was like the weight of their words.  Their promises to each other made physical.  And Steve’s lips on his neck and his shoulder made it easier.
"Don't you dare tell me you don't want anything," Tony said. "Everybody wants something. What's your something? New car? Private jet? Private
Steve laughed, and started toward the dock. Tony matched him step-for-step, and when they reached the edge, they stood looking out at the water. There were a few houses on the other side, Steve saw. What might have been a market, judging from the cars parked around in front of it. He smiled, then looked down at the water. It was clear. He could see to the bottom, the little rocks and plants that were down there.
Steve laughed a little.  “That’s scary, Tony,” he said.  “If we saved the world, that means we’re still responsible for it.”
They’d never done that before. He was hoping tonight might be the night they remedied that situation. That would be the icing on the cake to a really nice day. Lying on his bed, phone to his ear, eyes closed while Steve told him what he wanted to do to him. Steve was shy and sweet, but he was also an animal in bed. He was the perfect combination. The perfect man. Tony’s perfect man.
Tony kept his hand on it. “Before I tell you,” he said, “I’m just going to warn you. It might be scary.”
,” Tony gasped, and threw himself back into Steve’s arms. He pressed kisses against his neck, his mouth, his bare shoulder. “God,
Steve shrugged.  “I don’t know.  I don’t know if it’s just my history, or if they do that with everyone.”
He almost broke down again, but he held himself back. Held it together. “I missed you too, Mrs. Rogers,” he said, wiping his eyes one more time. “Is Steve okay? Where is he?”
“We took that vote in October. Who would be weird enough to pick ‘pool’ over ‘outdoor kitchen’ in October?”
Steve rose to his knee.  His head was bowed, his hair hanging in a sweaty tangle over his eyes.  His left leg stuck out stiffly behind him.  His right hand was still curled.  He was holding something, but Tony couldn’t see what it was.  It was too dark, Tony’s vision, too blurry.
Tony took the steaks out of the Styrofoam cooler the butcher had packed them in.  God, they were beautiful.  More like a piece of fat marbled with meat rather than the other way around.  Thank Christ he was a master griller.  He wouldn’t trust these babies to just anyone.
Tony must have thought so too, because his own smile faltered a bit. That uncertain look came back. "Um," Tony began, then cleared his throat, scratched his forehead. "How are you?"
And now they were getting married. And Steve was standing beside Bucky, listening to a priest laying out a framework for the rest of their lives. Helping Bucky and Nat make promises to each other. Helping them tell each other that they wanted to be together. Together forever.
Steve’s smile faded and he sighed.  “I guess I just want to make sure you want to be with me.  You never did get your two weeks to think about it.”
Once again, thanks so much for reading this, and a special thanks to those who left such sweet words and kudos here.  You don't know how much your words of encouragement have meant to me!
Tony cocked his head and narrowed his eyes. “Oh, you’d better not be teasing me, Rogers,” he said, the words coming out on a slow breath.
Steve got wordlessly out.  Tony got out too.  They both stood in the open doors of the car, staring up at the house.
