Cas rubs his cheek against Dean’s chest. Suddenly, Dean remembers something and he smells Cas's hair. “Ok, time to pay up Cas, what do those other words mean?” Cas smiles but keeps his eyes closed, still enjoying Dean’s gentle touch to his wing. “They don't translate very well.”
As they get further and further from the bustling city, he realizes they're going into a pretty wooded area that he didn't even know was out here. It actually isn't that far from the more populated area they just drove through, but they might as well be driving onto in the middle of nowhere. Dean let's Blue Eyes turn down a small road and passes him to not get caught, but he quickly doubles back and takes the same turn with his lights off. He sees a nice-looking house pretty far down the road with just enough light to see it’s made of mostly windows. He pulls over, almost too far away to make out anything, and if it isn't for the last bit of twilight sun hanging onto the sky he would have no idea the house is even there. In fact, if he thinks about it, this place has to be the most secluded little woodsy area that exists near the town. It's the perfect little haven down a road no one would even know is there.
Cas looks confused and tilts his head, looking remarkably like a puppy. “I agree he is very perceptive, but I don’t believe...” Dean cuts him off. “I’m gonna stop you right there, I get to say stuff like that cuz he’s my brother. I don’t mean it literally.” He laughs again and changes his position leaning on his arms and sprawling out his legs a bit more.
The only answer is to find the guy. It can't be that hard in Kansas right? There aren't even that many Cecealia that live here. Except, maybe there are and they just aren't very social.
Sure, he could’ve asked him to pop in and help them with the case, but Cas has been concentrating on going through the entire bunker. He's insisted on organizing and cataloging everything, trying to uncover as much helpful information and support as possible. Dean has to admit, it's about time they use all the tools the bunker has to offer. Still, he makes the decision right then that leaving Cas behind will definitely happen less in the future.
Cas's wings beat once and it sends one circular wave through the lake behind them. Cas is riding Dean now and, instead of guiding him, Dean just holds on and lets himself be swept up in it. Cas's entire being tenses and his eyes brighten with grace. It looks like he's vibrating and Dean can only gaze as he beholds Cas letting himself go as the wave he's riding crashes.
Dean focuses his gaze and wills words to form. He finally gets out, "I'm actually an excellent liar, maybe I just don't want to lie to you."
At first, Dean has a terrified look on his face from the quick movement Cas startles him with. After a moment, he relaxes and his eyes soften into a half hooded daze that matches Cas’s. His muscles relax and a smile plays on his lips.
Blue Eyes nods as if he is admitting to something far less incriminating. "Yes. I always determine guilt before I act. I concede it is possible to be put in a position where you represent something you don't actually believe in and are forced to play a part put upon you. In those instances, punishment should be less severe. That was obviously not the case here."
Even though it's more of a statement than a question, Dean still feels compelled to shake his head. He wants to deny ever seeing anything, but something is holding him back. Blue Eyes lets a small smile play on his lips as he says "You're a terrible liar."
Dean is smiling serenely as he explains and Cas returns his smile, relieved to see the brave and strong hunter’s features be so soft and open for a change. “I see.” After a moment Dean quarks a half grin at Cas. “So, how did you know I was having a bad dream?”
He's stunned with desire as the last tips of suckers detach from his skin and he hears the low rumble of the Ceceilea's voice say "Castiel."
Dean makes a soft sound again and his fingers twitch slightly. “C-Cas?” He's so quiet Cas almost doesn't hear him at first, but it's the only other sound emanating from the stillness so Cas focuses on it. He looks down at Dean and whispers his name, trying to see if he's still in a deep sleep or stirring awake.
Only Dean could accomplish stuttering through a language comprised of mostly clicking sounds, but he manages to get out a full sentence. “I only sss-peak a little. I-I’m not very good.”
Cas is restless but complies by lifting up. Dean looks around for the Astroglide and realizes with dismay how far away it is. Cas leans in close to Dean’s ear and growls his name low and guttural. “Deean.”
Dean smiles with half lidded eyes and pulls Cas in for a carnal kiss leaving them both breathless. Dean smirks. "Hmm I told you this would be fun." He drags his fingers through Cas's hair and pulls on a tuft of feathers near the bend of Cas's wing.
Dean looks down at Cas and holds out his hand. “You coming?” Cas lights up and takes Dean’s hand as he stands. Sam's smiling but bewildered face melts into a serene smile as he watches Dean and Cas walk down the hallway, holding hands while Dean gulps down another swig of coffee.
Dean croons and arches his back. “Damn you’re a quick study.” He reaches under the sheet and pulls out a full bottle of Astroglide and pops the cap open. Cas’s eyes are smoldering as he reaches out his hand towards the bottle. “May I?”
But, Dean can't help his mind still trying to war with itself, even after the threshold is obviously crossed. He can't help but think, Why is this so hot? A second ago he was wondering what he was even doing and now he's talking about savoring it. Though he seems to remember imagining some pretty similar scenarios that don't even close to compare, because this is really Cas. All these delicious reactions are genuinely Cas and not Dean's mind trying to imagine what they would be like. All the moans of pleasure and involuntary movements, they're all really being caused by Dean’s hands and his lips. He revels in how the reality of this surpassed his imagination so much.
Dean's head is spinning. Between the absolute ecstasy of being buried inside a sexy, eager, affectionate, being of light with freaking Wings, and a sudden sinking feeling of complete unworthiness,
Cas looks wounded by those words. He looks down, probably trying to make sure his reply comes out steady. “You would feel...unsafe with me outside this dream?” Dean jumps like he’d been pinched. “What? No man, not like that! Cas.” Dean takes a breath and urges Cas to look up at him. He stares directly in Cas's eyes with a determined expression. “I trust you.”
Dean leans closer to Cas and breaths in deeply. He must be getting delirious at this point because he's taking in Cas’s smell like he'd been suffocating without it. He tilts his head slightly, moving in closer to Cas. “I know, just gotta get my four hours in, then I’ll be good as new.” He sways with the effort of standing upright and suddenly lets his body lean into Cas’s even more. They're gently touching and Dean rests his head on Cas’s shoulder.
And what the fuck is Dean supposed to say to that? Because yeah, he's hard as a fucking rock and can do fuckall about it. Which actually makes it that much hotter. Suddenly the hold on him loosens and is gone as they continue to stare at each other. He irrationally mourns the loss of those tentacle’s tight grip on his body.
Sam almost rolls his eyes at the amount of obvious statements Cas just made instead of giving him an actual answer to his question. He still looks confusedly at the Angel. “Oh. Yeah. I just thought you were asleep too, I got worried. You haven’t slept since you were human.”
Cas strains again as they fully form and his teeth grind together. He presses his muscles back and his whole body tenses. Dean watches in awe as black feathers start to grow out looking like a fast motion documentary.
Cas's arms wrap around Dean's waist and his nails dig into his back making him hum with contentment. "Look at me Cas." Dean bends his head back and tenderly pulls Cas's head by his hair. They lock eyes and Cas looks like he's ready to explode.
Dean is quiet for a minute while thoughts of dirty sinning with a pure and innocent Angel flash through his mind. Cas squints again and sighs slowly. “You see? Those thoughts didn't make you uncomfortable when they happened just now, but as soon as they're acknowledged you change. It's like you're constantly at war with yourself. Would it be so terrible to stop denying yourself what you want?”
Dean’s eyes are blazing now, searing a hole right into Cas. “You're in for it now.” With a devious smirk Dean takes Cas back into his mouth and doesn't stop until he reaches the back of his throat. He begins bobbing up and down at a brutal pace. Cas releases a loud roar and squirms trying helplessly to breath. “DEAN! S-so-something’s....ha-happening!”
Cas looks down wishing he didn’t have to let this moment end. “He’s in the bunker. I’d like to let him know we’re ok. Will you be alright until I return?” Dean laughs, probably at how polite Cas is asking, and he sits up. He shoos Cas away with his hand still smiling and Cas reluctantly fades back to reality. Sam had walked from the hallway towards the kitchen and Cas could tell, just from hearing his footsteps, that he is still groggy and sleep deprived.
Dean struggles to catch his breath. Blue Eyes is spot on, Dean's dick filled up so fast he's dizzy from it and he's actually flattered by the compliment.
Dean gulps and smiles with glistening eyes. Just knowing he's the one causing Cas to make those sounds, knowing he's bringing his Angel this much pleasure, gives him confidence. Cas gasps when he looks back at Dean seeing so much emotion being reflected back at him.
Cas whines and bucks up into him seeking the lost friction Dean took away by sitting up. Dean is shaken from his thoughts and he looks down to see Cas with his eyes screwed shut pulling on Dean's clothes. He's struck with awe that Cas wants him so badly. He's never seen someone so desperate for his touch. All of his trepidation melts away. He smiles at Cas’s ability to quell his panic whenever it threatens to rise up and cause him to back off.
Cas's other wing is hanging loosely off the bed and it looks like the tip might almost be touching the water, but he can't see from this angle. Dean lays back contentedly and sighs with a happy grin he can’t get rid of. He tilts his head towards Cas's and breaths in deep. “Did… did I black out?” Cas wraps his arm around Dean tightly and somehow gets impossibly closer. “Yes, it was strange until I realized what had happened.”
Dean's wicked grin spreads wide as he whispers in Cas's ear. “Cas-ti-el.” He licks the edge of Cas's lobe and bites down lightly. Cas can't contain himself. He's completely losing it under Dean's words and touch. His moans are loud and wrecked.
Cas welcomes the sounds now, having found a new appreciation for how pleasant they are. Besides the slow thrumming of Dean's heart it's eerily quiet again and Cas finds himself wishing he could hear Dean shuffle or babble in his sleep like he does sometimes when he's dreaming. As if on queue Dean suddenly breaks the thick silence by letting out a tiny whimper and small sigh.
They never exchange pictures of each other really, but when they get each other's addresses and exchange very personalized Christmas gifts, Dean decides the next chance he gets, he's gonna meet the guy.
Cas looks out to the lake watching the scenery Dean created. “Yes.” There is a long pause and Dean looks at Cas expectantly, waiting for him to continue. “Well...? Are you going to tell me?” Cas squints into the distance. “He said not to be offended if you wake up and are... uncomfortable. He wanted me to know you appreciate me even if you might not show it and that you don't intend to hurt my feelings by reacting badly to our physical.... our position on the couch.”
The weight of Dean's body against him is indescribable. It usually requires a life and death situation to even warrant a hug from Dean, let alone the amount of contact he is receiving right now. There it is, his name being whispered, worry layered in Sam’s tone. “Your brother is asking for me.” Dean looks around. “What? Sam’s not here.”
Jimmy never carried himself the way Cas does. Dean briefly wonders what Cas really looks like, but quickly realizes it hardly matters, because Cas is home. This is where Cas belongs, here in this vessel, with Dean. “Yeah Cas.” He breaths out with his words.
Dean can't help but release a whimper as he feels the Ceceilea's hot breath on his neck. "Or I can fill you."
Their surroundings start to morph into a dock by a lake, like a camera lens adjusting to a new focus. Dean smiles happily and walks to the edge of the dock where there is a fishing pole waiting for him. He turns back towards Cas, his face light and inviting. “You wanna fish with me?” Cas smiles wide as he answers. “I’d like that.”
Dean's jaw drops and he scoffs again. "Look, I know what I saw, that was Robert fucking Bertrand in the flesh. If he's here, then the story of how he got here has to be a crazy one."
Dean looks down, trying to wrap his head around this bombshell of new information. “You knew all along how I really felt and you just… dealt with it, just to respect my privacy? Did you… did you not want to do any of that stuff with me?”
Dean is lost in the onslaught of emotion erupting between them. They're still moving together but their pace slows with how intense it feels to have their lips pressed close like this. They part and their foreheads touch as they grind, letting their bodies collide and move in unison.
Dean’s ears turn a bit pink with maybe embarrassment, however, Cas is pleased to see Dean can’t help but smile at his response. It eases Dean back into a more comfortable mood. “Yeah I don’t remember having a lot of these dreams but I like them when they come. Actually, I think the last time was when you showed up too.” Cas scans the horizon contentedly. “Yes, I remember. I’m glad I get to stay and enjoy it this time.”
Cas's eyes go wide and Dean suddenly finds it difficult to keep eye contact with all the sapphire he's being exposed to. He clears his throat a bit as he looks down to continue. “It's just that you can brush stuff like this off as ‘just something that happened in a dream.’ It's a lot different out there.”
They didn't ruin their appetites, and the car show goes great. Dean's never had more fun at one. Cas is perfect. They share food, ogle the classic cars while mentioning none of them compare to Baby, and even hold hands and sneak into a corner to make out. Until they get a little carried away and are asked by an event volunteer to stop. At least she worded her request as, ‘Look, you two are cute and all, but you gotta clean it up for an event like this. Keep the hands over the clothes would ya?’ and it was all topped off with a wink. All and all, it is one of Dean's best days.
Dean can't wrap his head around that, and it must show because Blue Eyes concedes and elaborates, "It is not uncommon for Ceceilea to have scuba tanks delivered to their homes. Many of my kind like to share the water with humans and therefore accrue the proper supplies to do so. He was sedated and fitted with an oxygen mask and delivered before the air supply was depleted."
Cas leans into the touch, enjoying the feeling of Dean's solid form next to him. “You can lean on me more if you’d like. If it will be more comfortable.” Dean scrunches his face. “Uh, I don't know, that seems a little...” Cas interrupts him, “You are already sleeping on me on the couch. I cannot discern a difference.”
Cas is loud again with moans, gasps, and whispers of the only words he's capable of slurring out. He's mostly saying ‘Dean’, ‘Ozien Samevelaji Coredazodizoda’, ‘Yes’, and ‘Perfect’. Dean punctuates each thrust, letting out his own grunts and groans. He runs his hands through Cas's wings, down his back, around his hips and thighs, everywhere he can reach. Suddenly he remembers hitting Cas in that perfect spot, and he sets out to do just that. He leans back and places his hand on Cas's jaw, and his side grin grows hearing Cas whimper at the loss of so much contact. He looks at Cas reassuringly and leans back more, dropping his hands to Cas's hips as he lays all the way back.
Dean decelerates all his motions to an agonizingly slow pace. He whispers quietly, like it’s an afterthought. “What if I just kept opening you? Huh Castiel? Maybe I want to tease you a little longer.”
Dean revels in how bewildered Cas looks above him. "Trenchcoat off." His tone is slightly demanding but in an instructional way. He peels the collar back and Cas helps him pull it off with shaky fingers. They both toss the heap of fabric above them and Dean starts pulling off Cas's suit jacket. "I forget how many layers you wear man." His eyes go lazy when Cas is only in his white dress shirt and crooked tie. That's coming off last, he decides, or maybe he'll leave the tie on.
Cas delivers a growl in a low rumble from his chest. He wilts into Dean’s kiss and their skin makes contact. Cas positions Dean’s hard length under him and Dean has to grab his arms to stop him from impaling himself. “Whoa buddy, wait. We'll get there, but I gotta lube up first. Remember teeth verses no teeth? It's like that ok?”
Sam looks confused for a moment and takes a step forward. In a whisper he asks, “Are you ok? What's going on? Were you asleep?” Cas whispers back, “Your brother hasn’t been sleeping recently. The hunt was hard on him. He is finally asleep. I don’t wish to wake him.”
Dean isn't quite sure how to take that, so he takes this opportunity to shift and pull onto the street to start their drive that he's not quite sure he'll survive. It goes well for the first little bit. Cas is looking around the entire interior, marveling at how pristine Dean keeps her. “I'm very glad you're here Dean. This is an excellent surprise. Why didn't you enter her into the show though, since you knew you were coming?” Dean settles in his seat more comfortably as he slows for a red light. “Well, I've entered her into shows before and it's actually pretty high maintenance. You don't really get to experience the actual show when you're working it. And I was hoping you'd want to go with me, so there was no way was gonna tie myself to Baby the whole time Though fair warning, when we pull up to the parking lot a lot of people assume she's here for it, and she kinda draws a crowd of people eager to start the show before they even get inside. Sometimes it takes a while to appease the masses before we can get in there.”
Four months, and a bunch of traveling to see each other later, and Cas is moving to Kansas after he is mailed a miniature model of Baby, a mixed tape of Dean's favorite Zepp Traxx, and a house key. They end up finding another secluded overlook in Kansas pretty much just like the one in Pontiac, and only almost get charged with indecent exposure a couple times.
Cas gives Dean another scolding look, which he is now getting very good at doing. “Dean, if I would have thought you would actually do any of those things with me just because I told you I knew you thought about them, I would have done that a very long time ago.” Dean is quiet for a long time while he works through what Cas just said.
Suddenly an idea sparks in Dean’s mind that he never thought in a million years he would actually say out loud, but after that conversation he's pretty sure they're both in completely new territory. “Hey Cas... do you wanna try something weird?”
Cas moans and his head falls back as Dean's hand starts moving up and down. “Cas, hey c'mon, look at me again ok?” Cas whines but brings his head up and opens his eyes again biting his lip and pumping into Dean's hand.
He turns off his engine and sits in the quiet, trying to stop himself from the next move he's obviously going to take. He hesitates for a minute, considering the risks over and over, then discounting them with the recurring thought that Blue Eyes is just too interesting and enthralling to watch. He cringes as the creak of his door breaks the silence of the approaching night, and tries to shut it as quietly as he can while he crouches down and sneaks closer. It's quite a long walk down the barely paved street and he tries to stay next to the tree line while the house starts to light up from the inside. He can see details much clearer and he knows he probably shouldn't get so close, but he ends up still hidden by the thick trees but with a perfect view of the living room that opens to the kitchen.
Again, it's not a question, but Dean nods anyway. Blue Eyes looks pleased with that response but doesn't answer. The silence and tension builds until Dean can't take it anymore and he blurts out the only thing he can think of, "How?"
He's left there, on his back in the woods, trying to catch his breath. As soon as his wobbly legs are stable again, he books it to his baby. She's still parked sufficiently away and his legs burn from the effort by the time he gets there. The entire drive home he wills himself to resist the urge to jerk off, knowing he won't be able to help going to town the second he gets home. He hears his phone ding with a few messages as he drives out of the non-service area Castiel's hidden home is tucked into. He sees all the messages are from Sam, asking where he is. He waits for a stop light and types out a quick message. He says he went out for a late lunch because he has no food in his house and he lost track of time, but he just plugged his phone back in to charge. He adds that he still needs to go grocery shopping, but he'll put it off until tomorrow, so they should get pizza for dinner later.  He receives a quick reply saying Sam's glad he's ok and Dean should be ashamed of how much food he can put away in a day. He laughs as he types out one word ‘Bitch’ and puts his phone down at the green light. He hears an answering ding, knowing the word ‘Jerk' is his brother's only reply, and thinks to himself what delights await him when he inevitably runs into Castiel again the next day, and hopefully many more days after that.
Dean looks like a predator as he inches back up. Cas watches like he's helpless prey and gulps when Dean licks his lips. Dean reaches Cas's boxers and Cas swallows again as Dean leans down slowly, still gazing at him.
Their heated tempo slows into a sinful simmer. Dean wants more, but he's not sure how to let Cas know that without pulling away, and he'll be damned if he's going to stop now. This feels way too good to interrupt with words and he'd probably lose his nerve if he tried. He slowly licks Cas's bottom lip trying to hint at his intentions. This excites a gasp from Cas and he opens his mouth with the sound, granting Dean's tongue entry.
Blue Eyes smiles and nods as he replies, and Dean can't help but swoon again over that little change in facial expression that expresses so much. "That is correct."
Dean cups Cas’s face in his hand and guides him back. When Dean is on top of Cas once more he pulls him into a sensual kiss flicking his tongue in a slow languid movement. “Hmmm are you ready?” Cas nods earnestly. Dean scoots down and slings Cas’s leg over his shoulder. He skims his stubbled cheek along the inside of Cas’s thigh, sending Cas into a fit of shivers, and adjusts his body so he’s laying comfortably on his side. He glides his fingertips over one of the marks he made on Cas’s hip and with his other hand he draws a line with his pointer finger from the tip of Cas’s cock down the underside to the base. He watches Cas’s eyes dilate as he continues his path downward until he’s pressing on Cas’s puckered hole.
Dean chuckles and starts running his other hand through Cas's hair. “Oh no, don’t try to change the subject.” Cas looks incredulous again but his smile never fades. “I suppose it could loosely be translated to, my heart. ‘Ozien Rit’ is more like saying my love. It was strange not having control over what I was saying. I've never said those words to anyone before.”
Six hours. Though, to be fair, it has actually been a fairly busy work day, six hours is still way too long for Dean to fail at coming up with a plan. He's got nothing. Every scenario he plays out in his head ends in disaster. If he wasn't so deep in it now he'd give up for sure. Either way, he can't keep going like this. His coworkers have to pull him from his thoughts about ten times to make sure he doesn't hurt himself or totally fuck up the car he is working on. He even has a stern talk about being a daydreaming idgit from his boss Bobby before saying he's taking his lunch hour at the end of the work day so he can get out of everyone's hair.  He is useless like this. He has to talk to this Ceceilea guy and get whatever this is out of his system.
They sit in content silence for a while, Cas still inspecting everything he can of Baby and eventually asking periodic and knowledgeable questions as they drive leisurely through town. It's nice, and Dean finds himself wishing they didn't live so far so this could be a more common occurrence. Cas is even more awesome live than online, and he already knows it's going to be hard to go back once it's time for him to leave. Hopefully, now that they've met, there’ll be pictures and video in their DM's, though Dean thinks that will probably make him miss real life Cas even more.
Cas tries to avoid overhearing every conflicting thought that races through Dean’s mind and give him time to process. Finally, Dean looks up at Cas and takes a deep breath. “Cas? I'm sorry.” Cas can tell his own concerned look morphs into confusion again. “I don't think I'll ever understand humans.”
Dean looks up and for a long time he tries to speak. “Cas, I…” but he breaks off. They're still moving together and slowly starting to speed up their pace. “I know Dean. I need you too.” Dean nods, trying to show that's exactly what he was trying to say, and he pulls Cas in tighter. “I-it’s more then that though Cas…” He pulls back slightly, just enough to look deep into Cas's eyes and he gulps trying to put new words together.
Dean sees, what he assumes to be a salt water pool out back and takes in the tasteful design of the Ceceilea's home. He watches as Blue Eyes putters around the house for a while picking up stray books and tidying up the couch pillows. Dean finds a perch on a thick fallen log and watches as the last of the sunlight fading into darkness makes everything in the clearly lit home pop against the backdrop of the night. Dean shivers and wonders how long he's going to creep on this poor unsuspecting guy before he guiltily heads home to plan his next move. His berating and delinquent thoughts are interrupted by Blue Eyes opening his hall closet and attempting to drag out something heavy. As the object is pulled into the light, Dean makes out that it's a chair, but Blue Eyes is strong and he's putting way too much effort in just getting out an empty chair from the closet. Once more of the chair is revealed, Dean realizes it's so heavy because it's not empty. There's a freaking guy tied to it.
Dean comes up for air and hesitates. He looks around at their position and wonders what the hell his body is doing. He tries to think back at how they got here. He can't seem to remember how Cas ended up writhing under him and it's causing all kinds of second thoughts about moving forward.
Cas looks at Dean and frowns. “I think your definition of weird differs from mine.” Dean’s lips curve up slowly. “Ok... do you want to try something that would be weird for me?” Cas replies immediately looking completely confident and determined. “Yes.”
Cas's wings are surrounding him and he clutches for a handful of soft feathers. He yells in his head ‘Pull yourself together Winchester! You don't cry during sex! Man up!’ but his heart is aching with guilty self-doubt that's practically been embedded there for years. He can't hold off the shaking any more and he sniffs, trying to hold back the steady stream of salty tears from running down his face and dripping on Cas. However, it's too late.
As they finally park, Sam sees the muscles in Dean’s back loosen as he slumps down into his seat. Dean lets out a long breath, which should relax him more than it actually does. “Fuck, we made it Sammy.” Sam gives Dean a sympathetic look and puts a consoling hand on his shoulder. “I’ll bring in the bags.”
Cas leans in to give Dean better access when he reaches the top buttons. He slides the shirt off of Cas's toned shoulders and leaves it in a wrinkled pool around Cas's waist. Dean glides his fingertips down Cas's arms, then to his sides, and down to his hips which instinctually move forward with his touch. He moves his hands back up and Cas closes his eyes with his eyebrows knitted together and his mouth slightly open, obviously enjoying the touch, but not making any sound.
Dean takes in a few broken gasps and looks at Cas like he's pleading for him to confirm his worst fear, that he doesn't deserve this. Cas only smiles and whispers to him as if he's trying to soothe him. “Ozien Samevelaji Coredazodizoda.”
Dean is surprised by Cas's sass and quick wit and he leans back. “Ha! You got me there.” Dean's warm smile melts Cas's hard expression and they end up beaming at each other. Dean clutches the collar of Cas's trench coat. “This is nice Cas.” His gaze drifts down and then back up to meet Cas's eyes again. “I…I don't want to screw this up.”
Sam throws up his shoulders in mock-surrender, his prominent grin evident on his face. “Alright. That’s probably a good idea. I'm gonna hit the hay myself. We can unpack tomorrow.” Sam let’s Dean’s bag drop to the ground, not expecting the loud sound it makes. He finches and curls in on himself, anticipating Dean to wake up and maybe point a gun at him.
Cas looks down trying to understand why Sam is telling him this. Dean tends to usually be uncomfortable in general, so why is Sam bringing this situation up specifically? There must be a reason. Cas looks back up and waits for Sam to elaborate.
Dean gets his wish when the sound cuts off abruptly. Dean looks up to realize it's because Blue Eyes has slammed his tentacle so hard on the guy's windpipe that he'll probably never be able to speak again Honestly, that's more of a relief to Dean than anything. He tries to make out what Blue Eyes is saying, but all he can hear is the low timber of the Ceceilea's voice. He's speaking much quieter than the piece of shit tied to the chair was, but even without actually hearing the words, Dean sees how menacing, terrifying, and magnificent Blue Eyes is. The vile douche completely at his mercy, unable to scream for help, not that it mattered all the way out here, is sufficiently scared shitless. Dean watches as strong and steady tentacles creep up Vile Douche's body as he struggles to free himself. Before Dean can fully process what's happening, bones are loudly cracking and the guy is silently screaming in pain as he watches his body be flattened and go limp under him. The last part Blue Eyes crushes is Vile Douche's skull, and his eyes reflect the horror being inflicted on him as the life slowly leaks out of them.
Cas is very used to the stillness now. With the Winchesters gone from the bunker for so long, he has experienced very little sound. In the last five days he's only heard scraping of boxes along the floor and papers being shuffled as he sorts through the many files the Men of Letters left behind, along with the occasional sound of pen to paper as he records his own knowledge and corrects some inaccuracies from their reports. He notices how much life the Winchesters bring to this underground shelter.
Cas bites down on Dean's neck to stifle the sounds he can't help but release, causing Dean to mimic him with the same growls and moans. "Fuck Cas. Oh, bite me again." He reaches up with both hands and runs them down the inside feathers digging his fingers in deeper this time.
Dean is taken aback again and looks down, unsure how to respond. He has to admit, he brought this on himself. He just didn't expect Cas to grab the bull by the horns, so to speak. After thinking about that for a second he wonders why he expected Cas to do anything else. He's always liked how blunt and somewhat awkward Cas can be. Maybe he knew on some level that if he opened the door, Cas wouldn't hesitate to step through it, taking a lot of the pressure off of himself. Cas is always taking the pressure off. Always there making everything better on all fronts. Maybe, he could give in finally and let himself have the part of Cas he's always closed himself off to. It sounds like Cas is good with it. Maybe they could have this… maybe.
Ok this is more like the friend talk Dean was expecting. He slows his roll and smiles over at Cas while he turns the key. “A drive sounds great Cas. And you know how I feel about food. This is gonna be awesome.” Dean keeps his excitement level high, even though there's a part of him that actually misses being struck speechless by Cas saying something incredibly suggestive, this is good too. Familiar and comfortable. He risks one more glance at Cas now that Baby's engine is purring perfectly. Cas’s eyes are closed and he's caressing the area on the seat between them like he's soaking in the sound of the motor, and there goes Dean's comfortable friend zone thoughts because he can't stop staring now. Cas hums with contentment. “It is good to hear you say ‘awesome' in person. It's just how I imagined it would be.”
Dean looks up, surprised at Cas’s instant reaction. “Just yes? You don't even know what it is yet.” Cas thinks for a moment as he looks down taking on a more serious tone. “True, but you seem enthusiastic and that is encouraging.”
Dean is shaken out of a daze again by Cas's distress. “What? No Cas, it's ok, I just...I just didn't expect that.... Wait, what was the other thing you were saying? O-something?” Cas blushes and wiggles around uncomfortably. “Ozien.” Dean nods and urges Cas to continue by resuming his hand motion. Cas gasps and tries to persevere knowing Dean wants him to finish explaining. “It...it means ‘mine’.”
Empty handed of any actual groceries yet, because he's scoping out the isles and trying to decide if he needs a full push basket or just a handheld one, Dean starts skimming through the articles Sam provided to back up his facts. He's actually included a sources cited page and it only cements the fact that Sam is the biggest nerd Dean has ever met. Dean turns a corner and BAM! He slams right into a big mess of colorful tentacles.
Dean notices he’s making the same face now. “Well good.” Dean actually means to have a more sarcastic tone to his response, but it just comes out playful. Cas is happy, and that's a win in any of Dean's books. “Well, if it’s just a dream, and I’m so damn comfortable with you, would ya mind moving over here so I can lay down? My back is starting to lock up.”
Cas grabs his jaw with both hands and guides him into a soft kiss, which actually makes Dean's hips speed up and they both moan in unison. Dean still makes that weird whining moan, but he doesn't care because Cas moves from his jaw to his outer thighs as to help Dean start to bounce, and fuck if this isn't the best sex Dean's ever had in his life. They kiss surprisingly lazy compared to the bouncing action Dean is keeping up with the help of Cas’s strong arms lifting him with each motion. Dean slows into more of a grind and Cas’s hands slide back, pulling his inner thighs apart from underneath, spearing him in the most perfect way. Dean has to lean close to Cas so he doesn't hit his head on the roof and Cas’s perfect smell mixed with sex and the bites and licks peppering Dean's shoulder and neck overtake him. “Cas I'm close.”
Cas gives him a reprimanding look and Dean immediately backtracks, knowing he can't lie to Cas that blatantly. “I mean, I don't always do that. There are just some things you don't do if you're two guys.”
Cas jumps at Dean saying his full name. His eyes go wide and he mewls, trying to pull himself back together. Dean apparently notices the change. “Oh, you like it when I say your name?” Cas nods vigorously.
Cas can tell Dean has drifted to sleep already and he is content to stay in this exact position until Dean is ready to wake up. He’s not sure how comfortable this position could be for Dean but he is hesitant to move him, afraid of disturbing the slumber the hunter desperately needs.
They've been messaging pretty consistently so it's kind of a surprise when Cas doesn't reply right away. He gets a bit of panic setting in that he went too far and Cas will think he's some kind of stalker or something. Relief washes over him when he sees the three little dots followed by a reply message in all caps “YOU'RE IN PONTIAC? HOW QUICKLY CAN YOU GET HERE?”
Sam shakes his head to gather his thoughts in order. “You're, you’re a really good guy. We're…we're lucky to have you around.” A warm smile spreads across Cas’s face. “Thank you Sam.” Cas's eyes are shining like an orphan who just found his new family and Sam knows his return facial expression shows his heart just kind of, melts at that.
Cas is surprised at the feeling of Dean's tongue expertly maneuvering around his own. He whimpers and clings to Dean's plaid shirt, trying to follow Dean's lead with his tongue movements. Their actions slow again as they catch their breath. They gradually release each other, reluctant to open their eyes.
Cas stares at him with his brows coming together before walking hastily to him. Without asking, Cas brings the heal of his palm to Dean’s forehead, sending healing grace right to the source of the ache. Dean almost jumps at the touch at first but then he sinks into it, obviously relived by the instant effect. Cas looks Dean over again, checking for any other signs of distress, and his face shows even more concern than before.
The Ceceilea's eyes widen and a flash of amusement flits across his beautiful face. Dean thinks he can make out a tone of surprise in the Ceceilea's response, though it's harder for him to tell when he can barely understand all the words. "You speak Cecaelian?"
Dean's mouth gets ahead of him and he rushes out, "How did you do it? How did you get him here? I didn't even know he was missing and somehow he's all the way out here where no one will ever find him, how?"
This kiss though. This kiss is different. Their bodies being fused together creates the perfect position for it to be deep and effortless. Cas’s dark wings surround them and follow the rise and fall as they rhythmically surge and sink.
Cas bends back. “YES!” Dean sweeps his eyes over the sleek appendages and he's consumed by their magnificence. “Your wings are beautiful Angel.” Cas draws in a breath and lets a slow satisfied sigh sink through him. Dean can tell Cas enjoys being called Angel almost as much as Castiel. Dean's touches are softer and careful now. He makes sure to run his fingertips along every feather he can reach. He gives special attention to, and makes mental notes of, the places which elicit succulent behaviors to pour out of Cas. He’s reverent in his work as he strokes and caresses every inch within reach, just like he said he would.
Dean is hesitant to taste it at first, but then he discovers Cas tastes like salted honey. “Please tell me you taste this good in real life Cas.” Cas can barely keep it together. He's almost hyperventilating and struggles to get his words out. “I-I d-don't s-see why I w-wouldn't.”
Dean looks down his nose at Cas. “He did didn’t he.” Cas was correct, he can see Dean stiffen as he awaits Cas's response. All he can do is relent. “Yes.” Dean rolls his eyes exaggeratedly. “What did he say?” Cas considers what his answer will be, still trying to diffuse the situation without actually knowing what the situation even is. “He was very supportive of you getting rest.”
Sam nods a few times, partially trying to say goodnight and partially trying to shake his thoughts back to the present moment so he can make it to his bed. He walks straight to his room, still thinking about how adorable those two are cuddled up on the couch together, and tries not to giggle too much. He slowly closes the door, being extra careful not to make much sound as he sets down the other bags in his arms.
Sam turns back to the kitchen with a smile, remembering his goal of a fruit bowl to take back to bed as a late night snack since they skipped dinner. At the last minute he stops, struck with the urge to say one last thing. “Hey Cas.”
Dean turns more toward Cas, trying not to smile at Cas's willingness to always support him. If Dean asked him to, he'd probably fly anywhere in the world to get him whatever he wanted to eat. He shakes himself from those thoughts, knowing there's probably more to the story here about he and Sam's conversation. “Did he say anything else?”
Relief washes over Dean’s face and seeps through his body. The dark tones coloring the dream start to fade into light blue as Dean lets go of Cas’s coat. He looks around and his expression softens. “Wow, you really know how to brighten up a place, don’t you?” Cas smiles but doesn’t answer, unsure how to react to what sounded like a compliment.
Dean laughs but it turns dark. “I’m gonna add another one ok?” Cas can’t agree fast enough and he rolls his body again. Dean pushes in a third finger and starts scissoring Cas open while pumping and twisting with his other hand.
Cas lunges forward, biting hard on Dean's neck again and bucks his hips while scrunching the blanket in his fists. Dean puts one hand on the back of Cas's head and runs his fingers through his hair while his other hand pets down the inner feathers near Cas's shoulder.
Every plunge Dean takes into Cas’s body feels like an explosion as they move together. Dean’s hands run over skin and feathers pulling and grasping, Cas feels himself tighten around him.
To his surprise, his hands sink down into bedding. “What the hell?!” Dean sits all the way up and looks down at a large bed perched at the end of the dock under them. “How did this…?” Cas gasps at the change in position, clouded by the added friction from Dean sitting back so far with his groin pushed down against him. “It's a dream Dean!” He breaths out.
At first he appreciates the images and moaning echoes that rush through, but then he feels panic rise up in his chest. Everything was so easy to do up until now. Well, not everything, but it's as if it was perfectly normal for him to be pleasuring a half naked dude with wings. But this. This is different.
And what is Dean's life right now? Blue Eyes considers the question for a moment and replies, "I suppose there's no harm in telling you, if I am to face the consequences of my actions I may as well be honest about them. I've killed seven evil creatures. The majority in other countries but three were here within US borders. Though, what remains of them are not all within those boarders."
Dean is stunned. “You-you've heard me thinking about stuff like that before? Why wouldn't you say anything?” Cas gives Dean an incredulous look. “Humans are incredibly complicated. I'm almost never certain I'm doing the right thing when I take any action. Though, by experience, I have come to learn communication yields much greater benefits, there was never a sufficient opportunity to broach the subject.”
Dean’s face, still buried in Cas's neck, feels warm as the angle has changed. Dean's body is turned towards his and his weight is almost completely supported by Cas, with the help of the soft cushions now behind him. Dean's arm falls loosely over Cas’s lap above his knee. Cas looks down at it’s position on his thigh and is struck with a fairly new sensation as the weight of Dean's hand rests there. Dean's hot, even breaths pulse against Cas's neck just below his ear, making his vision go blurry.
The timber of his voice when speaking English is so much lower and sexier than Dean was expecting and he barely registers what the words mean, let alone put together a response. “I have to go.”
They’re still rocking together in slow waves and gazing deep into each other’s eyes. Cas closes the gap between them this time knowing Dean is just waiting for him to do it. Dean always gets his revenge, though this is the kind Cas could get used to.
Just those words spring Cas into doubling his efforts. He draws Dean in with his mouth so they’re pressed closer but they're still keeping up that grinding pace, and Cas’s hands start to massage Dean's thighs and the lower part of his ass while his fingertips brush his entrance and perineum from both sides, barely touching Cas's own cock that's gliding in and out of Dean perfectly.
Dean's eyes squeeze shut trying to keep from sobbing uncontrollably at Cas's tender touch. When he is brave enough to open his eyes again, he sees that tears are running down Cas's face too.
Dean now has a renewed sense of excitement at Cas laying there completely at his disposal. He snakes down and brushes his lips to Cas's ear. “Hmm needy aren’t we?” Cas answers immediately yelling desperately. “Yes!”
Dean speeds up and finds himself grabbing onto the sheets with his free hand. Cas whimpers again and struggles to push another sentence out. “I-i-it m-means.... it means... th-the ri-righteous man.” Cas reaches up again and wrings his hands on the bars.
To his relief, when the girl steps back looking a bit affronted, the Ceceilea looks completely unaffected, oblivious really. Dean has to roll his eyes at himself for finding that adorable, because it’s certainly not helping him to find new things he likes about the guy. The student stomps off while Blue Eyes, as he's now calling him, digs back into his late lunch. Even the sight of food makes Dean's stomach growl and he curses himself for forgoing a proper meal earlier. Blue Eyes brushes the crumbs from his hands and lap, then gracefully starts his car. Dean has already resigned himself to the fact that he'll be following this blue eyed wonder, even if it is to the guys house, and he crosses over into true stalker territory. Honestly, if this thing actually works out, and they end up together, he has no idea how he's going to explain or justify any of his actions, but it's too late. He's come too far. He's going down with this ship.
Dean starts to stand up and takes another drawn out sip of coffee. “Yep, and now I'm going to take my coffee into the shower and then we're all going to that diner so I can stuff my face.”
Dean looks down, stunned by the mind-blowing sex bomb descending on him, and then Cas’s mouth is on him. His mind is on fire and he chokes out a ragged groan. “Ahhh Cas!” Dean’s hands shoot out and he grips Cas’s hair pushing Cas’s head down, forcing himself deeper down Cas’s throat.
Cas whips his head up and tackles Dean to the other side of the bed with his wings spread wide. He tears ferociously at the button on Dean’s jeans and pulls them off along with his boxers before Dean even knows what hit him.
Dean laughs as he lays back. “Yep, that's me. Easy Dean. All I need is food, Sammy, Baby, and my Castiel. Not necessarily in that order. The mind-blowing, literally knock-out sex is just a bonus. Ugh, but damn. There's a reason I said jackpot. I think that might've been the best sex any human has ever had. And it's just one part of what I lo-” Dean hesitates and looks over at Cas and sees him staring reverently at Dean with tears forming in his eyes.
Dean’s voice is broken and ragged. “Cas?” He looks around helplessly appearing grief-stricken and he collapses to his knees. “No...” He sounds crushed and the sadness in his eyes makes Cas’s chest hurt. An overwhelming feeling Cas can't identify almost crushes him with its blow and he can’t take any more of it. His voice is loud and stern as he attempts to grab Dean's attention. “Dean.”
Cas nods and that gives Dean a bit more confidence. “Ok, I think it’ll be worth it even if it hurts a little. Tell me if you’re ready.” Cas nods again and Dean smiles down at him. “Noo, I wanna hear it.” Cas rushes through his words. “I-I'm ready.” Dean voices his approval. “Good.” He smiles confidently. “I'll go real slow.”
Cas smiles and Dean can tell he is completely blissed out. Seeing that has an unexpected effect on Dean. His competitive nature is ignited and all the anxiety melts into a smug confidence. He lowers his head and looks up at Cas like he's going to pounce. “Oh, you're in for it now Angel.” And with that, he licks from the bottom of the head of Cas's dick up to the tip. He swirls his tongue and laps at it, paying close attention to the slit, which is leaking beads of precum now.
Cas rolls his body again and holds on tight to Dean. It's overwhelming them both and suddenly Dean pushes up into Cas and at the same time he caresses his wings on both sides causing Cas to belt out a beautiful moan.
Dean shakes his head in disbelief but also he believes every damn word. The Cecaelia smiles again before saying, "Careful now, you're looking impressed again."
The lake looks like glass, save for the tiny ripples from the fishing line breaching the water. The abandoned pole is laying next to Dean on the edge of the dock now. The light seeps through the trees in a perpetual afternoon glow making the water shimmer in the distance. The loon’s calls are infrequent and far away enough not to disturb the peacefulness.
He gives Dean plenty of time to adjust, and the soft, pleased look he has as he eases deeper makes Dean go limp and useless. Cas clutches Dean's hips and pulls him in while pushing with his hips and Dean's suddenly tight as a bow as he arches his back, pushing Cas even deeper still. They're both trying to catch their breath until Cas apparently decides it's time to move. Dean reaches down to grasp anything he can and he finds strong forearms that grip him tight and pull him into each thrust. Dean's not holding back a sound as Cas rocks his entire world.
Somehow, Dean is still holding his mostly empty cup as Cas rucks up his shirt and starts nipping at his ribs. He isn't sure how he manages, but somewhere between the curses and gasps Cas is pulling out of him, he manages to convey that they should get in the back. Cas is suddenly gone and the cup Dean was holding is gone with him. He hears the gravel outside the car being disturbed by footsteps and watches as Cas grabs the infamous contraband from the glovebox while he sticks his head back in through the door. “Well, are we going to the backseat or not Dean?”
Dean gives Cas a gentle nudge to wrap his wing around him by pulling it towards him. Once it's wrapped tightly around him he lifts his other hand and places it on Cas's neck and jaw guiding him to lay down. He's careful not to put weight on any feathers or bend anything the wrong way as they shift positions.
Cas stares at him with wonder and lets him guide his movements with his hands. Cas's wings spread out and back behind him and brush against each other. Dean's going slow, careful not to hit that spot right away. He wants to build to it. Cas let's his eyes close as he rides Dean, his hands, loose and relaxed, are placed on Dean’s stomach and he runs his fingers in patterns there.
He lucks out with a window seat which has the perfect view of Blue Eyes' car and he proceeds to order enough food for two. He decides to stick to just one beer so he can stay sharp. All he'd need to completely ruin his night would be getting distracted and missing Blue Eyes leave to a more convenient location to make his move, or whatever his brain is telling himself he's still following the guy for. He savors his food and reluctantly switches to house root beer as he trails his sights to the parking lot far too often. A couple hours go by and if it had been busier, he would've felt bad for his waitress, but he already knows he's going to keep his promise of a big tip for the busty blond who asked him to refill his drink a few to many times to be subtle. If he hadn't had weeks of tortuous fantasies of blue eyes and multiple strong arms surrounding him, he'd definitely be hitting on blondie. To his dismay, and her’s by the look of it, he can't bring himself to be even a little bit interested in her. Not when Professor Blue Eyes sits just across the street either attending or participating in a seminar for something Dean vehemently supports. Blue Eyes is smart, beautiful, and Dean hopes to every God he can think of that he's single.
Cas pulls back and embers spark in his eyes. “Are you only doing this because we're in your dream?” Dean lets Cas's words sink in and looks down, almost ashamed. “It does make it… safer, I guess, being in a dream.”
Suddenly Dean remembers something. He reaches blindly behind Cas’s shoulder until he feels the strip of silky fabric he's searching for. He pulls it around and the strange sensation around Cas’s neck makes Cas open his eyes. Dean basks in the ocean blue that matches the sleek tie he's clutching. He acknowledges the stunned look on Cas’s face with a confident smile. He pulls on the cloth in a fluid motion and Cas’s eyes grow wide and wild. Their lips are so close Cas can feel Dean’s breath on his face.
Cas settles for his normal greeting. “Sam.” Cas notices for some reason that he somehow always sounds like he’s asking a question when he says Sam's name like that. This time though, Cas’s greeting is quiet and strained, making sure Dean doesn't stir at the sound. Sam smiles wide as he greets Cas back in a playfully mocking tone. “Cas...” Cas looks down awkwardly and slightly tightens his embrace. “I'm letting him sleep...” Cas isn’t exactly sure why he blurted that out in response, or why he feels the need to explain himself at all. Perhaps Sam's strange facial expression effected him more than he'd thought.
“Now that's genius.” Cas’s warm smile only grows as he offers his hand to help Dean out of the back seat. Dean's hobbling too though it's for a very different reason. They get their clothes straightened out and settle back into the front, Dean wincing slightly as he sits down, but ultimately getting comfortable again. “I hope you know how much I enjoy you Dean, and not just fucking you, though that was extremely pleasurable. You mean a lot to me and that wasn't just physical for me. I would like to be more than that with you.”
Cas breaths heavily and bites his lip at the delicious friction they're getting through their rough clothes. Dean pulls back, then attacks Cas's neck with kisses and bites. He's tender in his actions. Cas can tell Dean is reacting to each sound he causes to slip from his mouth.
Dean is still holding on to Cas's thighs for dear life, his eyes are wide and his mouth is gaping. He loosens his grip and falls back against the pillows still wonderstruck. It takes a long time for either of them to say anything. Finally, Dean reaches up his hand slowly. "Ca-Can I touch them?" He curses himself for stuttering. But still looks imploringly at Cas.
Dean is smiling as he leans back and takes a long sip out of his mug while Cas slowly opens his eyes and beams at him. Dean looks up at Cas knowingly and Sam looks utterly dumbfounded. “You're in a good mood Dean.”
Cas is watching him closely as he considers his next move. When Dean notices Cas staring at him he bucks up slowly but firmly and Cas has to catch himself again, this time by grabbing the top of Dean's jeans near the button.
Dean follows at what he feels is a pretty safe space and it's not long before they end up at the local University. Dean tries to think of any reason for him to be on campus. Really, he has no interest in the school. Sammy is the smart one and he went to Stanford, before he decided he didn't need as long of a degree for the field he wanted, and moved back home to Kansas. Dean has no reason to be here. He stays a safe distance as he watches the old but sturdy car that he's been following turn into the faculty parking lot. He's a teacher. Dean's struck with flash of student-teacher fantasies involving rulers, glasses, and a not so innocent bout for extra credit.
Cas tries to reply again but Dean grinds down against him, making it more difficult. Suddenly, seemingly out of nowhere, Cas leans up and looks Dean directly in the eyes. His gaze is intense and meaningful. “You can have anything Dean.” His pupils are now big and black with just a sliver of crystal blue lining them.
Dean can't help but scoff before he blurts out, "Fuck yeah I'm impressed! The fucking leader of the human supremacist group, the guy who orchestrated mass genocide on an entire species, hell, on multiple species, the guy that kept slavery alive in like 5 countries, the guy that lead riots that killed and injured Halflings and humans alike, is in your fucking kitchen! How in the hell did you possibly get him here?"
Cas doesn’t hesitate to sit up and align himself again. Dean takes in a sharp breath as his tip brushes against Cas. “Alright, when we do this, we wanna go slow. Remember, It’s supposed to feel good.” Cas gives Dean a reprimanding look. “Dean. I'm an Angel of the Lord. I am not fragile.”
Cas takes a deep shaky breath as he decides he can't deny Dean anything. He lightly pushes Dean's arms down, sighing in relief when Dean's hands are no longer on his shoulder blades, making his head swim.
After what feels like an eternity later, people start filling out of the convention entrance, all talking excitedly with each other as they head to their cars. It’s just starting to get darker outside as twilight approaches, and Dean thanks himself for not actually finishing his meal. If he had, he'd be stuffed and that could've dulled his senses as much as a few more beers would have. He pays quickly and hurries to the door, barely hearing the waitress call out to him that he needs his change. In his distracted state he might've doubled the bill, but he did promise her a good tip and the places prices are so low anyway that it really doesn't break the bank at all. He takes a quick moment to check the name of the place so he can come back. Louise’s West, odd name but easy enough to remember. He gets to his car as throngs of people are still pouring out of the building across the street, and he prays he doesn't miss the one he's looking for. He starts his car with less worry about it being heard this time and idles while he waits for the crowd to thin out enough to see Blue Eyes' car again. People slowly pull out of the lot while Dean waits as patiently as he can to catch a glimpse of the Ceceilea emerging.
The corners of Cas's lips turn up slightly. “The idea of food arouses you? Dean laughs outright and settles in more comfortably. “Are you kidding? You, me, and food? That's a match made in heaven right there.” Dean rolls his eyes before Cas's words are even spoken and he interrupts them. “Not literally made in heaven Cas.”
The next day, well before the show, he gets a message about how excited Cas is again and how he just wants to be there already, so he takes it as a pretty good sign it's time to let him in on the secret. He takes a picture of Baby, with the hotel sign and main street sign clearly in the background, and sends it off with a message attached saying “Need a ride?”
Dean feels the minute movement and grins. "Yeah, this is going to be fun." Cas starts to stutter. "Dean, I...I don't th-" Dean cuts him off as he nuzzles up against him. "Hmm I want to touch every feather Cas. Please?"
By the time the Ceceilea is paying for his food, Dean has grabbed a hodgepodge of random items as he's followed the guy through his morning routine. He still hasn't figured out a good enough way to approach the guy and he's running out of time. He watches subtly as his chance goes out the window, or rather the door, as the guy leaves none the wiser that Dean was even there. Dean pays for his mess of groceries he doesn't need without really even seeing what everything is. He's feeling pretty defeated now that he let his chance slip away so easily after all this time building up to it.
Cas looks up, crinkling his nose as he tries to decipher the meaning behind the younger Winchester's facial expression. He gives up almost immediately. In his experience, trying to interpret anything significant from a mere look a human gives him is like trying to speak a different language that changes depending on the individual who speaks it. Six billion different little dialects based on the subtle movements of a few facial muscles makes for a very confused Angel most of the time. It's a wonder humans can communicate without words at all, but Cas has seen the brothers have entire conversations with each other without saying anything and has been completely baffled by it.
Dean let's out one satisfied laugh. “Good…Now if I can just... figure out how to.... ah, there we go!” He pulls out a purple bottle from under the covers. Cas tilts his head in confusion. Dean smirks and starts to lean up. “I’ve got to get back on top for this next part.” Cas’s eyes glide over Dean’s chest as he gets closer.
Dean reaches up to Cas's shoulder blades and Cas's eyes pop open as a loud moan belts from his lungs. Dean hesitates staring wide-eyed at the unexpected reaction. He then hesitantly pulls his fingertips down, just a bit, over the same area.
Cas looks up through his lashes waiting for the fallout. He isn't sure how Dean is going to react and he’s afraid he just ruined everything. A smile plays on Dean’s lips. “You’re calling me your righteous man?”
Sam almost laughs out loud and has to stifle the sound. He appreciates how content Cas is right now and how sometimes, the Angel knows exactly what Dean needs and doesn't hesitate to give it to him. No wonder Dean was so set on making it back here tonight.
Fuck, he remembers Dean's damn name. It was the only thing he could choke out in that grocery store. He should know he's probably a dead man, but all he can think about his how sexy his name sounds coming out of this guy's mouth…and this guy's mouth…fuck, everything about him is perfect.
Cas places his hand on Dean's, holding it to his chest. “I'll try not to do that too.” Dean’s eyebrows turn up and his mouth breaks into a toothy grin. He drops his gaze and his hands with a quiet chuckle.
Dean shakes his head slowly. Suddenly Blue Eyes turns predatory and he's on Dean in a millisecond, wrapping up and caressing Dean's entire body with his tentacles. He leans in close and whispers, "And it has nothing to do with your exceptionally sized erection?"
Cas rolls his body and Dean can't help the soft moan that comes out of him, almost distracting him from what he was going to say. He breaths in and tries again. “It's so much more Cas….I…” His grip around the Angel tightens again and Cas can feel the raw bright energy radiating from Dean’s soul.
Cas suddenly lunges forward and kisses Dean deeply. Dean melts into it curling his fingers into Cas's hair. Without warning Dean opens his eyes and he's staring at Cas's, very clothed, chest. He sits up slightly and realizes he's laying across Cas on the couch. Damn it, he woke up. He looks up disappointedly and sees Sam standing over him next to the couch, holding a steaming cup of coffee.
Dean’s ears turn bright red and he fights to control the butterflies in his stomach that he will never admit are there. He smiles through his words. “Well, we already had physical contact so...I guess we should try something else?”
Dean knits his eyebrows together in a determined expression. “Ah hell Cas, hurry up and do it before I have time to think about it too much.” Cas takes in a sharp breath but doesn't hesitate and he surges forward. He stops just short of their lips touching and lingers there looking down at Dean’s lips and then back up to his eyes.
At first, Dean thought classiccarangel was a girl, I mean can you blame him with a handle like that? And he was impressed by how much they actually knew about cars, until they end up telling each other their real names and he finds out the angel thing is because His name, Castiel, is after an actual angel. When he finds out he's a tax accountant, he's equally impressed over his extensive car knowledge and interest, since usually only mechanics or owners are actually that into them, of which Dean is both and Cas is neither.
Dean leans in close and places their foreheads together again. He doesn't break eye contact. “Cas…I…Th-there aren't words…” His voice breaks again and he’s certain Cas suddenly knows exactly how he feels and what he's trying to say.
Dean leans back and grips Cas's thighs instead, which Cas soon realizes is having a similar effect to Dean touching his back. His head is still swimming and he balls up his fists in concentration.
Dean’s candy-apple green eyes are almost glowing as his saucer sized pupils reflect his surroundings. Cas yelps as Dean takes the waistband of his boxers in his teeth. His gaze never falters as he pulls them all the way down to Cas's ankles. He tosses them to the side with the rest of the discarded clothing and they too splash into the water.
Cas opens his mouth and then closes it a few times trying to get the words out that he's finally getting brave enough to say. He's not very used to the inability to form words and it's disconcerting to say the least. He remembers Dean usually reacts well when he's honest and to the point. Though that can sometimes backfire on him. However, they seem to be in a good place, physically and conversationally speaking. Perhaps Dean will be more open to the things Cas has hidden from him. Also, Dean did mention he's open to trying something ‘weird’. Cas isn't sure what exactly falls under that category for Dean but he's more than willing to find out. He looks over through his lashes and builds up his courage. “Can I kiss you Dean?”
It seems like he's been blissfully laying there for hours and his entire body feels light and heavy at the same time. He notices Cas's weight resting against him gently. His head is on Dean’s shoulder and the rest of Cas's body is pressed up against him as much as possible, which makes warmth spread throughout his insides.
Cas turns his head slightly towards Dean and their stubbled cheeks brush together. “Would you like to sit down?” Cas’s question is quiet and inviting and Dean lets out another deep, relieved sigh. “Yeah.” Dean sounds even more exasperated as he lets almost his full body weight go against Cas, who is surprised by the sudden decision. Cas lets Dean almost tackle him to the couch.
Dean bites his lip trying to get used to the slow, steady build. But without all the frenzy and desperate passion, he's starting to feel unfamiliar emotions emerging. He realizes he's never felt like this before with anyone. This tenderness and…. Love. Shit, it can't be anything else.
Cas's voice is deep and wrecked but booming. Dean watches in complete awe as Cas opens his eyes and they're glowing! Dean's motions stutter for a moment while he tries to wrap his head around it. He resumes his thrusts and Cas yells out his name again.
The small grin on the Ceceilea's face grows throughout Dean's rant. He looks down rather smugly and says nonchalantly, "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."
Cas swallows nervously then hesitantly opens one eye and peaks at Dean, afraid the sight of him will push him right over the edge. Dean laughs and wraps his hand around Cas's cock, still staring him right in the eyes.
He makes it to the driver's door and has to pause to collect himself. This was not what he was expecting. Not that he's complaining, but who would have thought his Twitter friend Cas would be so drop dead sexy and would flirt like this. They'd always joked around, sex and cars go hand in hand after all, but he'd always thought they stayed pretty deep in the friend zone until now. Faced with a very different possibility, he's now afraid to look inside and see Cas writhing around on the seats, because he doesn't think he could resist touching if he witnessed that again.
Cas’s wings are shaking and flap uncontrollably when Cas breaks out into moans and rambles off broken words. He’s barely making sense anymore and he’s letting Dean control his body’s movement by his hips like a steering wheel.
Cas shrugs one shoulder inadvertently making his wing move under Dean’s hand. “Your blackout may have effected my ability to keep precise track of the time, but I believe it has been at least ten hours since you fell asleep. Eventually you'll need to eat.”
Cas hears Dean whimper and looks up slowly. Their foreheads are still touching and Cas raises his hand to Dean’s face and brushes his thumb along his cheek. He wipes away the wet streak there and takes in a broken breath.
Cas looks back up while trying to keep the rest of his body as still as possible. “Yes Sam?” Sam is determined to get this out no matter how awkward it becomes. “When Dean wakes up, he might be a little.... confused, uh, disoriented I mean.”
Cas takes a large step forward looking Dean up and down. “Hello Dean.” Those two words are music to Dean’s ears right now. Even though he's heard them every time he’s called the angel, it's so much better coming from him directly. Five days is definitely too long to just hear Cas’s gravelly voice over the phone.
Cas melts into the bed unable to respond. He just looks at Dean like he's the best thing that ever happened to him. Dean revels in that look. “Oh Angel, you're in trouble. You're already giving me that look and you haven't even come yet.”
Dean mounts Cas and marvels at Cas's wings spread out against the bed. He’s suddenly struck with a fiery lust. He growls ferociously and attacks Cas's neck with his mouth and passes his tongue over Cas's favorite spots there, which he's purposefully committed to memory now.
Somehow the finger quotes Blue Eyes does just bump up Dean's arousal. He leans in again, pressing himself to Dean's body and slightly tightening his arms around him like slippery ropes. “You can fill me."
With his resolve to stay awake wavering, he puts more weight against Cas who is basically holding him up now. "Dean..." Cas probes quietly. Dean keeps his eyes closed and stays flush against Cas as he musters up the energy to answer him. “Yeah...?” His voice is muffled by Cas’s shoulder and it comes out as a breathy whisper.
Every time Cas lets a moan escape that he can't hold back, Dean's efforts to pull another one out of him double. Cas reaches with both hands under Dean's shirt searching for skin on skin contact. He grabs Dean's sides and mimics with his fingers the motions Dean is making with his mouth.
An almost scared look flashes across Cas's face as Dean leans down, taking him into his mouth again. Dean begins to bob up and down in a steady motion. He has to put his hands on Cas's hips to hold him down from coming up off the bed. Cas is loud and starts babbling vehemently.
Cas looks out to the lake again and notices the scenery changing colors. The sky was a reddish-purple and it slowly fades back to bright blue. Cas realizes the colors of the sky might correspond with Dean's emotions and tries to decipher the connection as he watches the shimmer of the water.
He leans back to allow Cas to move over him to order for them and tries not to think about how good Cas still smells or how easy it would be to reach out and touch. “Two apple pie slushes please.” Cas smirks excitedly again, but this time it's right up close in Dean's face and he almost forgets he's about to get an apple pie treat and also that Cas remembered how much he loves pie, because Cas’s expression is a treat in its own right. Cas leans back again all smug and happy and Dean forgets again that he's driving and he needs to move. Cas’s laugh that could really be described as a giggle if it weren't so low, makes Dean's embarrassment worth it. Turns out, these apple pie slushes not only have homemade apple cider slush mixed with apple vanilla ice cream, but they top it with whip cream and then sprinkle crushed graham crackers all over the top of that. It's basically liquid apple pie and the sound Dean makes when he tastes it definitely makes him blush, but Cas doesn't seem to mind one bit.
Cas grimaces again, knowing he's about to give Dean an answer he probably doesn't want to hear. “It's very difficult to ignore them when you're practically yelling them at me in your mind. I can generally tune them out if I feel I am invading your privacy, but that was near impossible to ignore.”
Dean whines as he's consumed with the feeling again that he's not good enough to have this, to have Cas. Cas picks up on this and leans in closer. “Dean, you deserve to be happy. After everything, we deserve to save each other.”
Dean's jaw drops open at what just came out of Cas's mouth and then his brain processes the words fully and he feels the blood rush from his own face, turning him pale. Dean is really not ready to have Cas know any of that. He gulps as he repeats Cas's response in his mind again, then mentally kicks himself for mentally admitting that Cas is making some pretty good points. He takes a few breaths and feels a little defeated now. “Cas, it's like a reflex. I have bad thoughts and I push them away. It's just how it is.”
A slight smile creeps across Dean’s lips. “Why do you say that?” Cas lets out a frustrated sigh. “Of all the things you could be feeling right now, guilt is what you experience, when there is absolutely no reason for you to be sorry. It's very perplexing.”
Dean sighs, almost obscenely, and some of his tension seems to melt out of his body. “Hey, thanks man. That really helped.” Dean’s voice is cracked and drained and he stumbles a bit. He catches himself on Cas’s shoulder and Cas holds lightly onto his elbow, ready to catch him if he collapses. “You are still exhausted Dean, you need to rest.”
This is miles away from any other time he thought he was even close to loving someone or being loved. He never even thought he could feel anything like this... or that anyone could feel like this. Then it dawns on him, no one Has probably ever felt like this before. He can't imagine many angels have fallen in love with a human, let alone gone through what they have. He's pretty sure no angels have rebelled against heaven since Lucifer and especially not for a piddly little human. He has another revelation as he listens to Cas moan particularly emphatically into his ear.
Dean reaches Cas's hips and sucks a deep red mark on one side. Cas's knuckles turn white from hanging onto the bars so tight while his body undulates. Dean hums low. He tilts back and admires his work. “Damn Cas, I can't get enough of these hips.” Cas whines and breaths in. “Y-your hips! Th-they're Your hips Dean!”
Instantly fireworks explode behind his eyes as he feels Cas’s anticipation morph into desire. They both deepen the kiss tenderly and a soft moan leaks out from Cas. Spurred on by one of the best sounds Dean has ever heard, not that he would ever admit that, he turns his whole body towards Cas’s. He reaches up and cups the back of Cas's head while running his fingers through his hair. He tightens his grip and pulls Cas in closer which draws another sweet sound from Cas’s mouth.
Dean sees Cas is distracted and takes this opportunity to dive into a heated kiss. Dean cups Cas's face and smoothly moves his body over Cas's, exhilarated by catching him off guard. Once Dean's straddling him, he starts running his hands through Cas's hair again. He pushes hard into their motions and Cas heeds Dean's lead and lays down, slowly letting his head touch the wood of the dock below him. Dean drops his hands from Cas's hair and is now hovering over Cas with both hands firmly planted on the dock on either side of Cas's shoulders.
Dean settles in and coaxes Cas again to respond. “Ok Cas, concentrate for me buddy. What were those words you were saying?” Cas whimpers and closes his eyes again. Dean is pleased with that reaction but he's determined to get a straight answer out of him. “Cas, talk to me man. I wanna know what they mean. If you want any more you'll tell me what those words mean.”
Dean leans back, stretching out and moving slightly more towards Cas. “Yeah, amazingly there’s no urgent crisis going on right now to pull us away from it.” Dean tries to get more comfortable again and unconsciously leans closer to Cas until their shoulders are touching.
He hits the ground and the other guy barely catches himself, almost spilling the contents of his handheld basket. When their eyes meet, Dean feels like he's struck again, only this time the wind is just knocked out if him by the color blue. He's speechless, he barely stutters out his own name with his hand to his chest.
Cas reflects on this new information for a moment. He already experienced Dean get uncomfortable about this and had ended up with him pressed against his body. Though, Sam doesn't know about that and his concern for Cas's feelings sparks something within him. A deep appreciation for Sam is ignited in his chest. “Thank you Sam. I will keep that in mind for when he awakens.”
Cas gasps deeply and lets all the air he breathed in out in an involuntary shout of euphoria. Dean looks up with a slightly worried look. “Are you sure Cas?” Cas isn’t certain how much clearer he can be so he just belts out Dean's name again, commanding and impatient. “DEAN!”
Cas dips down lower than he means to and has to pause. The sweet burn fades into pleasure as Cas gets used to the pressure. Dean can’t seem to help himself and loses all control. “Castiel!” He reaches up and pulls Cas down by the tops of his wings and they both yell out as Dean is sheathed completely inside him.
Dean's smile gets wide and he hums at Cas's fingertips touching that low on his stomach. Cas's grip tightens at the sound. Dean gets to work undoing each button on Cas's shirt from the bottom up.
Before Dean can stop himself, he lets out the first thought that comes to his head. “Fuck me.” It’s a complaint more than a request because Cas is just so overwhelming with his perfectly flirty and suggestive statements filled with sexual innuendo, but apparently Cas takes things literally too. “If you insist.” Cas’s eyes have gone predatory now and he literally pounces on Dean. It's heated and desperate as they ravage each other's mouths and tear at clothes. When Cas bites at Dean's neck at just the right spot while his hand dips under the back of Dean’s jeans, he's lost to sensation. “Oh fuck.” He can't even consciously make words anymore, they're just slipping out. Apparently Cas has more control because, once again, he doesn't miss one beat. “That's the idea.”
Usually Sam feels comfortable sleeping while Dean gets them back to the bunker safely, but this time, he can’t justify closing his eyes for even a minute. Fairly often he has to nudge Dean awake when noticing they are straying out of their lane. Sam watches Dean with concern. He knows Dean wants to get back to their new home, which is safely warded, and contains a certain angel who Dean has been almost obsessively calling since they left on this hunt without him.
Dean's brain must not be firing on all cylinders because he doesn't feel any fear or concern for his life when he replies, "You only kill bad guys?"
Sam doesn't miss the slight blush that spreads across Cas's cheeks, even in the darkness. “He was having a nightmare so I entered his dream to try to calm him down.” Sam raises his eyebrows in surprise but he's grateful to get an acceptable answer this time. “Oh. Wow. Uh...good.”
When his brain gets back online, he wraps up Cas just as tightly and breathes in the fresh rain and ozone scent coming off of him. He can't imagine what cologne could smell this good, but he wants to bathe in it. He buries his face into Cas's soft t-shirt and keeps holding on to the solid and warm form embracing him. Only his social queues bells beginning to ring, warning him this is a much longer and more intimate hug than normal for two people who just met, makes him loosen his grip. He realizes too late that they haven't really just met, they've been talking for ages and they know they're already friends. He quickly wonders if that was an appropriate hug between friends, but he immediately forgets all that when Cas pulls back slowly and he's met with a beamingly happy expression. It's like looking into the sun with a perfect background of endless blue sky and Dean is struck dumb by the sight of it.
Cas tilts his head and squints at Sam, utterly perplexed at where he is going with this. Sam shifts uncomfortably. “I just mean, when he wakes up and sees he fell asleep on you, he might get... uncomfortable.”
Dean can't speak, again... damn his vocal cords locking up on him. Blue Eyes looks down Dean's body and Dean bucks up involuntarily.
They end up taking their drinks to kind of an overlook that Dean says is right out of a teen horror movie with hook man if they were there at night. Cas just laughs and assures him that he won't be brutally murdered on his watch. Somehow Dean feels comforted by that. As Dean's licking the cream from his spoon he chuckles at his own thoughts before voicing them to Cas. “Guess my milkshake only brought one boy to the yard.” Cas doesn't miss a beat. “True, but the caliber of boy it brought more than makes up for it. It really brought a man to the yard, I think that's much better.” Cas finishes his statement with a wink and Dean doesn't know if he should melt or crack up laughing and the result is some weird combination of the two.
Dean presses their lips together lightly and touches his fingertips to a particularly sensitive spot behind Cas's ear. Cas responds by clutching Dean’s side and he hums happily as their lips part. “You are very easy to please Dean.”
Cas’s hair is a sexy mess and his eyes are fiery storms of blue. His voice has definitely dropped a register, and Dean nods in the affirmative, but doesn't move from his awkward position with one leg up on the seat and his shirt still pushed up, exposing his abs and chest. Cas disappears again and Dean scrambles to follow him. He makes it into the back seat and pulls the door shut behind him. The bright sun and fresh air outside actually clears his head a bit and he wonders if they’re actually doing this, in broad daylight, in Baby's back seat. But as soon as he's back inside and Cas’s hands are back on him, manhandling him into laying down with one leg propped up on the back of the front seat and the other pushed against the back seat, with Cas sliding in between his legs to capture his lips again while he squeezes both his inner thighs over his jeans, Dean forgets about his worries and lets Cas take the reins. He obviously knows what he's doing here.
A trace of the exact colors Dean is picturing catches his sight out of the corner of his eye. He hasn't been noticed yet and he takes a calming breath so he can decide how to approach the guy without freaking him out. He tucks himself behind some shelves and peaks around them to watch the seamless glide of the tentacles as they carry the broad torso of the man through the store. The Ceceilea is wearing a dark blue, almost black blazer over a light blue button up and the way it complements his eyes and the ever shifting colors of his appendages, makes Dean swoon just a bit.
Dean jumps with excitement. “Are you saying I can have anything I want here?” Cas is keening. He nods vehemently since that's all he can do. Dean slithers down next to Cas's ear again. “Say it Cas.”
He manages to croak out, "That might have a very small, tiny, insignificant part in it. B-but mostly it's cuz I think that pathetic excuse for a person finally got what he deserved."
Dean only stops swirling his tongue long enough to say each sentence individually. “Cas? *lick* What is that?” He slowly licks around the head of Cas's length again. “Those words you keep saying?” He runs his tongue from base to tip and looks up at Cas, who doesn't seem to know Dean is talking. “Hey Cas, Cas look at me for a second.”
Cas arches his back again and a sound unlike anything Dean has ever heard rips through him. “DEAN! Don't stop! Ozien Mononusa Ahh! Dean! Ozien Rit! There! Dean! Right there! Ahhh!” Dean can hardly breath as he moves steadily, obediently thrusting up into Cas in the right place. “Is that the spot baby? Right there? Ok. I got you.”
Dean freezes in place. He is shocked by this other person being so willing to give him anything. Cas didn't say Dean could just have anything he wants here in this dream. He meant Dean could have anything. Cas would literally do anything for him. Dean feels an overwhelming sense of unworthiness bubble up in his chest. He wants to throw all of his devotion and compassion for Cas at him in a feeble attempt to reciprocate the utter adoration that is beaming at him.
Dean is exhilarated by these words and he stares Cas down. “Mmm Cas, you don't know what it does to me when you say shit like that. Mmm my hips.” Dean makes a corresponding mark on the other hip, committed to making them match.
Dean's grip on Cas's thighs is tight and unwavering like he's holding onto the handlebars of a rollercoaster. When the feathers look like they're full and thick, Cas relaxes a bit and breaths in deep again. Then he arches his back and both wings spread out full length on either side of him. He didn't make them too big, just about 3 or 4 feet on each side. He shakes them with a final stretch and looks down at Dean.
Dean emphasizes his motions on Cas's wing. “That is no excuse, I know ‘Ozien’ is ‘Mine'. Was the other word Mono…?” Cas laughs and starts tracing patterns on Dean’s chest with one fingertip. “I enjoy it when you attempt to speak in Enochian.”
Dean reaches up and holds onto the base of Cas’s wings with both hands and they thrust into each other. Cas wraps his hands around Dean and scratches at the back of his ribs to encourage him to go deeper. Dean moves his hands to Cas’s shoulder blades next to his wings and scratches there which sends Cas into a moaning frenzy.
Cas's face softens. "You can do whatever you would like to do Dean." Cas's eyes are blue and black fire again and fuck if that doesn't drive Dean almost over the edge. Dean licks his lips in anticipation and slowly stretches out his hand further.
Cas clenches his hands on Dean's shirt again and Dean feels like he's coming out of a daze. With a determined look, Dean sets out to reciprocate by giving his angel exactly what he wants. He sits up onto his knees, still straddling Cas, and pulls off his jacket. His eyes are burning a hole in Cas with his stare and Cas watches in amazement as Dean also pulls off his plaid shirt and throws it over their heads to the dock below.
Dean knows this is it, he let his mouth run and now he's all in. Somehow, it doesn't seem as terrifying as it always has been. His face softens. “It's only one part of why I love you Cas.” The weight of a Winchester using those words hangs heavy in the air between them.
Cas seems to think very hard for a moment. He tries to sort Dean's answer like a riddle and Dean watches him closely, somewhat fascinated with Cas's thought process, but is also nervous of the conclusion he'll come up with. Cas makes a contented noise and lets a smile play across his lips. “You seem to happily allow me to comfort you physically more often than you allow other men to do it. I’m curious, if it were Jimmy in this body would you accept physical comfort from him?”
Dean clenches his fist and pumps it in celebration as he silently mouths the word ‘Yes’. He turns back to the Angel in front of him who's flailing with pleasure. He can't help himself just admiring Cas. “Jackpot!”
His plan is to be standing in front of Baby to present her to Cas when he walks up, but Cas apparently has other ideas, because before he can round the front of Baby and reach for his phone, he sees a man hurrying down Cas’s walkway right towards him. He expects Cas to go for Baby first, since he's seen plenty of car porn of her and now gets to see her in person. He opens his palm towards her and opens his mouth to start singing her praises when his arms unexpectedly fill with hard muscle wrapping around him, and dark soft hair brushing his cheek. Cas is hugging him.
He's a bundle of nerves when he finally gets to the hotel. It's located pretty close to the venue and Cas’s house. Despite his nerves, he has a pretty good night actually, filled with burgers and pie from the diner down the street and excited DM's from Cas going on and on about the car show the next day. It's so tempting so many times to spill the beans, but Dean stays strong and just gets excited for Cas.
Cas tries to stay steady and comprehend what Dean is saying but he can't concentrate with Dean's hands still brushing where his wings would connect to his back. Dean lowers his chin and smolders at him. "Don't hold out on me Cas." He sits up closer and whispers right in Cas's ear. "I wanna see them."
Dean starts to pick up the pace again and Cas's mouth falls open with the change. Dean watches as Cas's breathing spikes and his fingers tighten around Dean’s hips. Then Dean sees his opportunity, Cas isn't expecting it, he's lost in their motions and his eyes are squeezed shut.
Cas looks confused and saddened. “Bad thoughts?” Dean looks up at the Angel next to him and can't bare to see Cas look so downcast. “Not bad because of you Cas, the thoughts I have about you are anything but bad… wait, did you read my mind just now about dirty stuff with an Angel?”
Dean lets out a throaty growl and pulls on Cas’s hair again. Cas releases Dean and sits back on all fours with his wings tucked behind his back. “You should never be neglected Dean.” His words are fierce and his feathers are standing on end. Dean let’s out a satisfied sigh. “I’m glad you got my back Cas.” He sinks into the bed feeling like all his bones just turned to Jell-O. “Now did you wanna try the weird thing or not?” Cas sounds calm but ready. “I want to try the weird thing.” His tone is eager but in control.
Cas tenses and can’t think of how to respond. He nods innocently. Dean stares at Cas for a long time with an unreadable expression. Cas’s anticipation is palpable as he braces himself for Dean’s reaction. Dean leans forward slightly. “Oh Angel....” Cas’s hands drop and tighten into the bedding.
Dean jumps at the mention of eating. “Yeah, food. I wonder what we have in the kitchen. Probably not enough to make anything really good. We'll probably have to go to that Paul's diner place to get a real meal.”
Dean brushes his cheek to Cas's forehead. “Go figure, the two most emotionally stunted beings in the universe find each other and that happens.” Dean motions his hand to their naked bodies and huffs out a laugh. “How long do you think we can stay here before I have to wake up? I don't even know how long I've been asleep.”
Dean pulls out his phone to see if he can get in somehow, that would definitely be a nice ice breaker. He pulls up the event center page only to be met with ‘Sold Out' next to every ticket. Maybe Lawrence Kansas wasn't as bad as he thought if something like this can sell out, but that leaves Dean without any options that don't come right out of a sitcom. His stomach growls again, and he looks around to find what seems like a pretty nice bar and grill across the street. He's ashamed to say his thoughts immediately take him to the fact that he can clearly see the parking lot from the bar windows, and if he requests a window seat, then he could watch the parking lot for when Blue Eyes leaves. He could then continue what the denial in his head considers his pursuit for the perfect place to ‘coincidentally' bump into him.
Cas looks up surprised but doesn't hesitate, which is good because if Dean thought about this too much he might reconsider and try to play it off as a joke. However, Cas quickly pivots towards him and moves his body behind Dean so he is now laying on Cas like a lawn chair between his legs.
Dean laughs excitedly at the forceful nature of his angel’s words. “Damn, how did I get so lucky?” Cas moans impatiently again, enjoying the words Dean is saying but also filled with dissatisfaction of what they could be delaying.
Cas squints at Dean again, starting to get tired of worrying about what Dean's unpredictable reactions will be. “I'm not sure why physical contact with me makes you uncomfortable sometimes and other times you enjoy it.”
Dean starts to struggle a bit letting out frustrated breaths. “uh...Cas.” Dean’s voice is still quiet but laced with concern. “Cas no!” As Dean's desperate pleas grow in volume they're blaring in comparison to the heavy silence that was in the room just moments before, and yet they're still quiet enough that he knows they won't wake Sam.
Cas smiles encouragingly and Sam returns his smile warmly. “Good. It's good to see him looking happy, even if it is while he’s asleep. You do that for him...” Sam pauses smiling at Dean. “Anyway...” Sam awkwardly turns back to the kitchen. “I better get back to bed myself.” Cas whispers quietly, “Goodnight Sam.”
Dean hesitates, giving Cas a confused look and then it almost seems for a moment like Dean looks impressed. “He didn't make some snarky remark?” Cas squints, he has no idea where Dean is going with this and he just hopes he can somehow steer the conversation back to something less likely to end in Dean kicking Cas out of his dream. He's not ready to leave the place where Dean can be so relaxed and peaceful. “I'm not very good at determining if a response is ‘snarky’ but I don't believe so.”
Cas grabs so tightly to the bars at the head of the bed his hands are white. Cas is fucking himself down onto Dean’s fingers uncontrollably. “DEAN!” He yells out an incoherent plea. Dean is concentrating and he slows his hand motion on Cas’s cock. “Hold on, I don't want to hurt you.” Cas whimpers loudly. “Please Dean, please.”
Cas looks down at the slumbering hunter laying in his arms. Dean’s actual body is still draped over him and now his right leg is slung over Cas’s too. Sam emerges from the kitchen a few minutes later with a metal bowl of grapes, strawberries, blueberries, and half a bag of white cheddar popcorn. He nods once more as he passes them. “Oh, and thanks for stalking up on food for us. Night Cas.” He absently waves his hand once as he disappears into the darkness.
Cas tilts his head in mock confusion. “I thought you wanted me to fuck you?” Dean finds himself nodding aggressively before his arms are filled again with that hard muscle and his head fills with that fresh scent that is uniquely Cas. His mind flashes back to their initial meeting, and that affectionate hug, only this, this is about a million times better. Their cocks touch and drag low sounds from each of them and Dean bucks up again as a slick finger circles his hole as Cas lavishes Dean's nipples. “What are you, a fucking magician?” He feels Cas's lips spread into a smile as he bites down on Dean's nipple a bit harder, making him yelp, though he'd never admit he ever made that sound in his life. “Something like that.” And he must be, because Dean is already worked open and he didn't even notice one painful stretch.
Dean soon realizes Cas isn't going to close the gap. He's hovering an inch away with soft but fiery blue eyes. Cas is literally asking Dean’s physical permission to kiss him by letting him take the action. The considerate winged bastard.
Dean breaths out evenly. “That was…” Cas’s vision goes blurry again as he opens his eyes. “Intense.” Cas offers. Dean seems satisfied with that word and leans in for another kiss. Just as he's about to reach Cas's lips again Cas looks down and whispers Dean’s name.
Dean also knows he is getting this Halfling rights schpeal from Sam on this fine day, because Sam found a bunch of Cecelia porn on Dean's computer, which he was using without permission. Dean should really do better at covering that up, but if Sam would've asked, he could've deleted his browser history before Sam got an eyeful of some tentacle on human DP, and maybe that is what Sam gets for not asking permission. Though it would be a shame to delete that most recent link he found and not be able to find it again. Maybe Sam knows he probably would've seen it anyway and it's Dean's punishment to have to read through all these Halfling facts Dean already knows.
Cas is shaking and panting and his hands flow over Dean's stomach and chest, grabbing his hips periodically when Dean touches a particularly sensitive area. Dean decides he's ready to kick things up a notch. He reaches up with one hand behind Cas's wing and Cas gasps at the new contact. He looks down and Dean is beaming up at him.
Just then, Sam walks in from outside carrying a few duffle bags from the car. As he reaches the bottom of the stairs he looks up and stops cold with a bewildered smile on his face, almost dropping his cargo to the ground in surprise.
Before Dean can argue, or get the guy's number, or anything, he's gone. And damn, Cecealia are fast. There's no way he'll be able to catch up now. He must've spooked him or something because his basket full of artificial crab meat and duct tape of all things, lays abandoned on the linoleum floor. And this ain't exactly Cinderella here. He can't go around trying to match his Cecealia with a roll of gorilla tape and some canned seafood. Not that Prince Charming should've needed a damn slipper to recognize the supposed love of his life after being with her for hours, but he doesn't have time to pick apart sexist storylines at the moment. He's still got shopping to do.
Dean breaks out into a full smile. “You're just too good Cas.” Cas looks down, even more confused now, and feels completely exasperated. Dean lowers his head and tries to resume eye contact with Cas. “It's a good thing Cas, trust me… it's a really good thing.”
Dean can't help the somewhat shocked smile as he looks up at the guy who took down one of the scariest fuckers on the planet without breaking a sweat. He must look like such a dope right now because Blue Eyes shakes his head fondly before saying, "It's unfortunate for me that you are a good person. It means I cannot kill you, even though you now know far too much."
Dean jumps and he knows that look of a kid on Christmas morning is plastered on his face again. “Oh shit yeah! I'm not gonna turn that down!” A pleased smile creeps onto Cas’s face. He takes the bottle from Dean’s hand and squeezes it, dribbling lube over the head of Dean’s dick like syrup. Before it drips too far he catches it with his palm and starts pulsing.
Dean raises one eyebrow and smiles down at Cas's head, overly pleased with Cas's reaction. Cas pauses for a long time and Dean thinks for a minute that they're just going to lay there in silence. He's way too comfortable to move and he just lays there grinning contently. Cas is very still but not tense. “I would like to do this again.”
Dean chuckles at his angel's sass again before hearing a slight pop coming from his right knee. He's kneeling over Cas still, and his body weight is causing the hardness of the dock to dig into him. He wishes he picked a softer surface to do this on. Whatever ‘this’ is. He pictures a soft mattress with fluffy blankets and pillows and he longs to move this to somewhere like that somehow.
Even at the grocery store Dean is currently shopping in right now, he's seen Halfling people go through all kinds of shit that is totally unacceptable and inappropriate, even though the owner and all the cashiers are for Halfling rights and do their best to deny service to anyone who isn't. They still have the periodic scowler, or disgusting comments about how ‘that kind' shouldn't be served here. It makes Dean sick. They're people, and nine times out of ten, they're awesome people.
Cas looks up, confused. “Who? Oh!” Dean dives back in, interrupting Cas’s question by resuming his attention to the tip of Cas's hard cock. Each word of Dean's reply is punctuated with a lick to Cas in a different  place. “It’s not *lick* a name *lick* its *lick* an expression *lick*. It means I win.”
Dean leans back and lifts Cas off the bed penetrating him as deep as possible. Dean grabs onto Cas’s hips and can almost control Cas’s movements with how he touches him there. “Don't think you are getting away with not telling me what those new words mean.” Dean thrusts up in the same motion hitting Cas’s prostate over and over. Cas is a babbling mess above him and is acting from pure instinct now.
Once Dean feels safe that Cas won't cum he releases him and looks up again. “Ok...I don’t totally know what I’m doing here, but I think I want to try a new weird thing with you.” Cas can’t reply fast enough. “YES!” Dean grins wide. “Yeah I thought you’d say that.” He licks his lips and simpers again. “Fuck Cas.” He sits up and palms his own erection through his jeans. “You’re really something, you know that? I’ve never neglected myself for this long before.”
Cas freezes for a full minute as the ice cream slowly leaks further back on the seat, before he notices the leather wipes tucked in the back and springs into action. He cleans up the small mess with a very large grin. “Shut up.” Cas replies after barely a pause. “I didn't say anything!” Dean looks up from the perfectly cleaned seat and glares at Cas. “Your face is really loud right now.” Cas laughs and it's such a good, soothing sound, Dean almost thinks this embarrassment is worth it too. Almost. “Were you hoping to find a partner for those or are they just in here all the time?” Dean jumps to his own defense far too quickly. “Dude, I was planning on hanging out with you the whole time!” If Cas ever misses a freaking beat, Dean will be surprised because he hasn't missed one yet. “That doesn't completely answer my question.”
