“If I had known I wouldn’t have done it.  I’d have tried to turn the plane around; I’d have made sure I didn’t make it.”
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.”  Tony straightened the knuckles gently and taped another layer of gauze over to worst of the damage.  “Let’s get out of here. I need your advice on the new comm design.”
“Steve.” Tony was right next to him but he didn’t respond.  “Steve!” The man’s rhythm faltered momentarily but he shook his head and ducked in to another hard hitting punch.  Sweat beaded on Steve’s forehead, blood dripped on to the floor.  His knuckles were split, bloody and swollen.  His shirt was ruined from the spatter.  Tony grabbed Steve’s arm and was almost thrown forward when he tried to throw the next punch.  Tony yelped as his are almost exited the socket and Steve finally took notice. He stood frozen in place looking at his torn up hands not with horror as Tony would expect but resignation.
An hour later Steve headed to the lab holding the largest mug in the tower, full to the brim with disgustingly dark coffee.  Jarvis let him in before he had to ask.  Angry rock music blared from the sound system Tony was hunched over a work bench poking at a circuit board.  Tony saw him and waved for the music to turn off.  Steve notice that Tony had both coffee cups sitting on the work bench, both empty.
“Jarvis?”
, 2012.  He would be ninety-six.
“Huh…” Steve said clearly still confused.
“When I first arrived here I struggled Thor said.  It had been centuries since I last visited Earth and very little of what I found made sense to me.  Do not try to reconcile the life you had with the one you are leading now.  You will fail.  Find a new path here.”
He stood up and began to walk over to the coffee pot himself mumbling unintelligible things under his breath but he didn’t get two steps before Pepper slid in front of him.  When she wore heels she towered over him.  Usually he found that incredibly attractive but at times like these he hated it a little bit.  He tried the puppy face again and only got an eye roll for his efforts.
At night he would sit in the ten by ten bedroom he had been given and their words would spin around his head and echo off the walls while he tried to not fall asleep.  When he eventually did he would wake up sure he was falling through the air, sweating and uncontrollably shivering at the same time.  Sometimes he woke up screaming, but no one ever came to see if he was alright.
Tony in turn told the story of what he, as well as the Collegiate Times, titled “The great burrito heist.”  He had to stop and explain the concept of burritos to Steve.  He promised an outing to chipotle when they weren’t stuffed full of burgers.
“We won,” Steve told him.
Tony slunk in to the training room ten minutes late.  He was deeply offended by how bright eyed and pleased to be there the rest of them looked.  Except for Bruce, he was standing off to the side looking apprehensive.   Tony stood beside him and tried to angle himself so that he was hiding from the rest of the group.
Tony hadn’t looked at his mark in two weeks, but he had known it was coming, and if he got up on the morning of May 3rd and spent a little extra time on his morning routine, well he was only human. Even he couldn’t help but have a little hope for true love. He was just finishing brushing his teeth, for an unreasonably long amount of time when Jarvis addressed him over the loudspeaker.
“Sir, Captain Rogers has requested entrance.” Jarvis said. Tony gave a thumbs up towards the door.
“Thanks Tony, this is all real swell.” Steve said.  He was about to push the door open and go inside when Tony spoke up again.
“Oh, right, slang, not your forte.” Tony said. “How often does that happen anyway? Like do you ever completely follow a conversation?”  Steve didn’t answer.
Steve wasn’t surprised by the reaction.  The gay rights movement had been the first and only thing anyone bothered to explain to him.  The first time he had been slightly surprised; by the third he had been more annoyed than anything else.
“Hey, wait up.” Tony said and then lamely added, “You didn’t finish your Lo-Mein.”
“That sounds like some bullshit Jarvis,” Tony said.  He set down his tablet and walked over to Steve.  “How are you today?” He grabbed one of Steve’s hands with his and kissed the tip of his shoulder.  He had been doing things like that all week. Sometimes it took Steve by surprise.  He had always wanted something like this but never had imagined it would happen.  He kissed Tony on the top of the head and the stepped back, so he could see his face.
“I have yet to acquire a taste for this Midguardian drink.” He said.  “The beer in Asguard has more heart.”  Thor leaned against the railing with Steve.  “You seem reserved tonight Captain.  What troubles you?”
Tony turned.  He looked put together but his eyes were blood shot. “Hey, Cap.  Don’t mind me. Just going out for a bit.” He said with a well practice toothy grin. He pushed the elevator call button and the doors slid open.  Steve put a hand on Tony’s arm to stop him from walking in to the elevator.
The training rooms were exquisite, state of the art, better than what shield had,  When Steve said as much Tony scoffed.
“Have you seen Tony?” She asked.  “When I got out of the shower he was just gone.”
“You are going to get something out of today.” He said gesturing for Tony to put his hands up.
Tony hated Soul Marks.  They were the least efficient system possible.  The date to find his one true love marked on his arm.  Which would be fine and semi-straightforward, except sometimes they changed, and no one knew why. It drove some people crazy.  Checking to see if their every decision brought them closer to or further away from their soul mate.
“Cap.”
“You know there was med Staff on the scene.” Bruce looked at Clint’s sloppy stitches with disapproval.
“Steve, please keep him safe.” She left before he had a chance to reply.
“So, What’s the plan? Steve asked.
“I see you found your closet,” Tony said.  He tried not to look Steve up and down
“Do you see this?” Tony asked.  “I feel threatened.”  Again he was expertly ignored.
His mark not matching Peggy’s didn’t stop him from pining for her or kissing her before he hopped on the plane. As he watched the water draw closer he hoped fate had been kind to her and given her someone who would survive the war. He also felt guilt, he wondered if his soulmate had their mark yet if they would know he was gone. He tried not to think too hard about it in those last seconds, there was nothing else he could do now. As he blacked out surrounded by cold water the last air bubbles that left his lungs held the words ‘I’m sorry.’
“First thing that comes to mind.”
Thor arrived with a crack of lightening and a five minute spell of torrential rain that sent New Yorkers running for cover.  Steve watched as Natasha walked out to greet him.  He enveloped her in a bear hug that lifted her over six inches off the ground.  He walked in to the common area and clapped Steve on the back hard enough it actually hurt.
“About you and Stark.” She said.  “And don’t talk with your mouth full. It makes even you look unattractive.”
Tony let Natasha chastise Clint as he chased after Steve.
He heard the sound of a punching bag being abused before he rounded the corner.  Steve was facing the wall throwing punch after punch at the swinging bag.  Tony took a moment to appreciate the view, because it most certainly was a view. Every one of Steve’s back muscles was taught with effort his shirt clung to his shoulders as he moved.
“I can make more?” he said.
“Come on Pepp.” He said giving her his best puppy eyes with his cheek still pressed against the table.  No Effect.  Maybe He’d been using the puppy eye too much lately. “I’m in the middle of almost having a breakthrough here.  I need to be able to think.” He begged.  Pepper looked skeptically at his work surface and the jumble of sensors that surrounded a small chunk of grimy metal.  Tony tweaked a random knob on the largest machine and gestured to the changing graph that was projected in the center of the fortress of tool boxes that he had made.  Pepper again looked at the tangle of wires and then back to him.
“Don’t let me do it then.”
“We aren’t sure we are ready for that to be public knowledge yet Thor.” Tony reached for Steve’s hand that hung at his side and gave it a light squeeze.
“Jarvis! Where are the spies?”
“If you move I’ll kill him.” said a shaky but serious voice from over Tony’s shoulder.
“Here we are.” He said.  “The door only opens with your permission emergencies aside. And um, I’ll be down in the common area if you need me.”
“What’s wrong with boxing?” Tony asked indignant.
“He’s a very proud person,” Natasha said.
“Welcome home.” He said. "Would you like a tour?"
“You’re late.” Steve walked up and took the coffee cup out of Tony’s hands. “No caffeine before a workout.”  Tony almost cried as Steve dumped the drink in the trash.  He was quickly reconsidering his opinion on Steve Rogers.
Tony walked to the lab in a daze.
“Because when your suit failed the other day you were about as useful as a lemming.”
“it is a good representation.” Thor quickly hit the send button.  “Tony, Steve, we must take a photo to commemorate the start of your relationship.”
“How’re things going over here?” Steve asked
“I don’t know how.”  Steve knew he sounded pathetic but the prospect of talking to Tony again scared him shitless. “I’ve never done this before.”
“Thank you.” He said.  He went back to looking out of the window and the silence stretched between them.
“Sir?” Jarvis’s voice cut through his music and he sighed. It was bad enough that the Stark phone prototypes the SI engineers had sent him were so bad he had decided it would be more productive to start from scratch, but just as he was starting to like the circuit board layout projected in front of him he was interrupted.
“Shut the hell up Jarvis”
They carried on to the common area and found Bruce sitting at the kitchen table reading the paper.
“Tony,” Steve said quietly, “This is... too much”  He felt his throat catch and he didn't quite know why. In some ways, it was perfect, but more than that, it was overwhelming
Steve’s jaw clenched.  He stood up and walked out of the room without saying a word. Natasha smacked Clint across the back of the head.  He looked confused for half a second then realized what he had done.
“Church?” Tony asked slightly surprised.
“I didn’t have a choice.” She said “I can’t be…”
Soldiers rushed in and Steve only hoped that they would make it to his soul mate in time, He would check the hospitals later he told himself, and then If he had to, the morgues. He looked up at where the portal had closed and saw Tony Stark falling from the sky.  He clutched his burning arm to his chest and ran to where he fell.  The burning stopped but he didn’t look to see if his mark was still there or not. He ran to Tony, and Tony jolted awake.
“It’d be a media shit-storm,” Clint said. “The paparazzi would go crazy; Fox News would drown in their own tears!”  He seemed giddy just from the thought of it.
“Right.” Tony said. A little notebook a few tool boxes over caught his eye. Tony never wrote things by hand, Pepper must have brought it in at some point.  He snatched it up and opened it. A few notes were neatly written on the first page in such short hand he couldn’t understand it, definitely Pepper’s.  Otherwise it was blank.  He ripped out the page gracelessly and chucked the book at Steve. “If you don’t get something write it down, that way you aren’t interrupting conversation. Once you pile up a few we can go over them if ya want.”
“You two disappear for hours and now every time you are in a room with each other you are sneaking glances at the other and looking away as soon as the other moves.”
“Take away all the numbers Jarvis.  I don’t want to see the numbers.” Tony said waving his hands at some of the data points that had begun to define themselves.  Tony sat on his chair and watched the array flicker as he took another sip of his drink.
“Just be honest” Natasha said. “And just so we are clear, despite what Barton says, Lord of the Rings is the defining series in fantasy.  Not Harry Potter.”
“Don’t override it Jarvis.” Pepper called out as she tried to pick her way through the mess of open boxes and uncoiled extension cords.  Dummy stopped moving towards the coffee pot and again picked up the duster.
“You swore.” Tony giggled, “You can't swear you’re a superhero” but then did what he was told. The second Steve took the now empty glass from him had he flopped back on to the couch. Steve repositioned him to his side.  He told Jarvis to let him know if Tony was having any trouble and went into the kitchen to make breakfast. Even though he knew Jarvis was watching he couldn’t help but check in every few minutes. After he ate, he settled on to the chair across from where Tony slept with a book and waited for him to wake up.
Steve didn’t reply to his last text but a week later a postcard showed up in the mail.  ‘Hello from Yellowstone’ it read,  and on the back in Steve’s neat hand:
“You go to bed and wake up in the morning with a clear head. You keep on going; cause like you said you can’t stop.” Steve said.  And you do that every night for the rest of your life he thought.
“Yes, Captain I monitor every room of Avengers Tower at all hours.”
“Suck a dick Jarvis!” He yelled to no one in particular as he took Steve’s full cup.
“No I haven’t Ma’am” Steve said.  The woman’s eyes narrowed and then suddenly widened.
Steve smiled at him as they got out of the car and that was enough to make up Tony’s mind.  They stepped in to the elevator.
“I already got a few bruises, thanks.” Tony said.  “I saw you going toe to toe with a literal god over there. I don’t think I need and of that.”
“Captain Rodgers is requesting entry, Sir.” Tony swiped away the design and pulled down the sleeves of his shirt which had been rolled up to his elbows so they covered the cuff around his wrist.
“Good work Tony.” Steve said.  The sweat from his match with Thor had long since dried.  His hair stuck out at odd angles, a far cry from the clean cut look he usually maintained.
Tony: Shield sent over one box of your things. ONE BOX!
“Bullshit.” He said again.
“The safe word’s stop.” He said only half joking.  Steve brought both hands up to comb through Tony’s hair and kissed him, which Tony took as permission to continue.  He traced his lips over Steve’s chin and found a place where jaw met neck in a particularly compelling way. Tony began to suck at the skin, gently at first.  When Steve didn’t object he ran his teeth against the spot that was already red and redoubled his effort.  He felt Steve breathe in sharply.  He pulled away tongue tingling from the effort.   He sat back to take in view of Steve face bright red, pupils completely blown.  The picturesque sky blue from earlier was gone, replaced by a look Tony was more familiar with.
“I thought we talked about how you weren't to implement changes I made while drunk until you confirmed with me while I was sober first.” He complained without bothering to lift his head from the desk.   He swore he could hear Jarvis roll his eyes before he answered.
“Well that was fast” Steve mumbled.
“It’s called a selfie.”
“Ha-ha!” Clint sprung up and began doing a victory dance on the couch cushion. “I just hit a million followers on Instagram!”
“What’s your favorite thing about the future?” Steve made little air quotes around the word future.
“And I'm a very rich person.”
Steve was in awe as he drove back into the city,  looking at it like this it didn’t seem like home anymore, not by a long shot.  He stopped on the outskirts where suburbs morphed into the beginning of towering urbanity to refuel his bike.  As he was waiting to pay at the counter a rack of postcards caught his eye.  He picked out one with a classic image of the skyline and paid for it along with the gas. He grabbed a pen from the counter and wrote on the back before carefully putting it in his jacket pocket.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha watched him closely for a moment and then seemed to come to her own conclusions.  From what he knew of her Steve was inclined to think that they were correct.
Both of Tony’s parents had lost their marks in the war before they met the person it was attached to. Tony thought they were really the lucky ones, free to do whatever they wanted, no bullshit magical tattoos dictating their fate.
“He draws a lot,” Natasha said. “On everything, envelopes when he is talking on the phone, on his mission briefs. Get him some art supplies.”
Not long after that Bucky knocked on his door out of breath.  When He saw Steve’s rolled up sleeve he smiled.
“You are so much more than that.” Steve saw Tony try to pull away at that. He raised his other hand to Tony’s face and kissed him gently slowly until he felt him relax. “I’m ready for this if you are.” He said quietly.  Tony stepped back and looked at him intently.  Slowly he relaxed though he was still trying to avoid eye contact.
“A point to you Captain.” Thor said.  They began circling each other again.
“Three gifted: Strength, advanced combatant combined with moderate speed increase, temporary paralysis.” Clint said firing another arrow at the three.  He had positioned himself between the bank entrance and the attackers taking cover behind a potted plant outside the lobby doors.   “No obvious intent to harm civilians.”
Why some people got them later than others wasn’t fully understood, but the prevailing theory was that a formative event had to occur to set the person on a path to meet their soul mate before the mark would appear.  Steve’s appeared the day after his mother died. For just a moment he was excited when it prickled into existence on his arm until he saw the date. May 3
He was waiting for the postman two days later and nearly ripped the letter out of his hands before running upstairs. This one wasn’t a postcard but a sealed envelope.
“You’re blushing Rogers.” Natasha raised an eyebrow and let him squirm under her gaze.
Tony as a rule either wore nothing more than a band shirt and jeans or nothing less than a designer suit.  There was no in between.  This meant that for an outing such as this one Tony had the choice of either being over dressed or looking like an asshole.  Pepper must finally be rubbing off on him because he was picturing the tabloid headlines from each one. He went with the designer suit, although the deciding factor had been the face he imagined Steve making if he showed up otherwise.
“And by the looks of it your ego could probably use it.” Natasha said.  “Banner and I are finished.  Let’s go bird boy.”
Steve’s arm felt as though it had burst into flames but he had to grunt through and keep fighting, Tony would get through,  Then maybe they would have a chance of winning. That was the best he could do for himself, for the world.  The portal closed, and all the soldiers collapsed. But the pain on his arm did not stop.
“I don’t know. Why is it that you are always getting knocked out in fights?”  He helped Tony to his feet.
“Yeah, it was close though.”  Steve slipped his fingers around Tony’s wrist and pulled their hands towards his cheek.  He gently placed kisses on each of Tony’s knucklebones before letting their hands fall to their laps clasped.
“Mostly worse Sir”
“And Jarvis, I’m thinking Thai tonight.  Schedule delivery for six.”
Tony was sitting on the couch that was tucked in the far corner of the lab looking at an expanded view of the Ironman helmet. When he saw Steve he swiped it away.
“Hey.” Steve sat facing Tony with his legs crossed. He tried to start talking several times, but no sound came out of his mouth when he opened it.  “This is a little out of my comfort zone, but I think I want to give it a try.”
This was worse.  He couldn’t move but he could feel the water icing over in the darkness. Each crystal that formed seemed to stab.  He knew it must have gone on for hours measuring time by the beat of his pulse the only thing audible aside from the occasional groan of the hull and the sound of his lungs once again rattling in the frigid cold.  Eventually he lost track of time as the buzzing in his ears drowned out everything else.
“What do vectors have to do with frequency?” Steve asked raising an eyebrow.
“Just override it bud.  I don’t give a fuck about what I thought was a good Idea last week.”   Dummy had just begun to roll towards the coffee maker when tony heard footsteps from the stairwell.
The sermon was longer than Tony would have liked and the wine was wretched but Steve seemed pleased by the whole ordeal.  Tony figured it was the familiarity of the routine.  Steve knew when to stand up and sit down with the rest of them.  Tony on the other hand was always two seconds behind the group, the first second because he had no idea what was going on, the second because he was too busy watching Steve to try and figure it out. When they held hands for the prayer Steve’s hand seemed to envelop his completely.  Steve’s skin was cool against his.  He began to worry about how sweaty his palms must feel.
“Wine isn’t about getting drunk.  That’s what Vodka’s for.”
“Yes, captain?”
“Tony.” Steve made sure he was looking at him before he said anything else.
“It’s true.  Just ask Steve. He’s the one who beat me.”  She set down her empty tea cup and picked up her bottle.  Steve was trying to hold back a smile.  Clint looked from Steve and back to Natasha.
Steve shifted the grip on his shield slowly so that he was holding it like a discus.
Tony would have been happy to spend the night just as they were, but Steve slowly sat up. He smiled at Tony lopsidedly his eyes still struggling to open from sleep.
“Where has he been all night Jarvis?”
“Sorry.” His Jaw worked up and down.  He looked everywhere but Tony.
Tony knew there were worse things than being the keynote speaker at a charity gala, but he still hated it. The schmoozing, the fake laughter, the happy couples with their soul marks bare on their arms letting everyone know they were living their best lives.  It was worse now that he knew that would never be him, now that he knew he had actually cared about t way more than he had ever let himself acknowledge.
“Jarvis, more eggs.” Steve said. Tony’s head popped up and he smiled an eye crinkling, proud smile.
Months passed, and Stark Tower went back up. It was Avengers Tower now he supposed.  He put out an invite for the team to come back and they all showed up within the week, except for Steve.  He wrote Tony a letter.
Steve gave up on attempting to deflect his way out of the conversation. “I think I messed up…” He whispered.  There was no one else in the room but he felt that if he talked too loud everyone would know. He told Natasha what had happened last night and Quickly repeated Tony’s offer from earlier so quickly it might not have counted as English as much as a shriek with slight inflection.“What do I do?” he asked miserably.
“Thanks, Jarvis”
The plane hit the ocean.  The impact threw him from the chair, but it wasn’t over.  The cockpit made a horrid screeching noise but the glass held.  Steve could taste blood in his mouth.  He heard water leaking in from somewhere.  The sky was still visible through the unbroken glass.
“How does that work?” Steve asked.  He cautiously placed his hand against the window. Tony was about to answer but Jarvis beat him to it.
“Look, we have a good thing going here where we do friend like things for each other on a weekly basis. Let’s not ruin that with you judging my lifestyle decisions.” Tony said.  He was eyeing Steve suspiciously.
“I know he’s entitled to his opinion but that doesn’t mean I have to sit there and listen to it.” Steve was still visibly struggling to calm down. “And I’m not hungry.” He paced back and forth in the hall.  “I’m going to go hit the gym.” He tried to walk toward the elevator but Tony got in his way.
Tony seemed to hesitate for a moment but then pushed his chair back and gave Bruce his coffee cup back.
Thor was victorious, not that anyone expected differently.  He claimed the last of the dumplings as his prize and he and Natasha gloated with every bite.  Steve spent the rest of the evening smiling when the situation required it, and trying to imagine himself content with a life with no plan and no war to win.
“What does Steve like to do, like, in his free time?”  He asked. He could have stopped there and they probably would have answered but he charged forward. “Sheild sent over his stuff and its literally like a half full shoe box and he has a whole floor and that’s just fucking depressing, and I don’t want it to be all empty when he gets here which is in less than a week.” He took a breath but now Natasha was doing that thing were she just raised her eyebrow and waited for him to say more. “I just want him to feel at home?” he added.
Steve smiled to himself as he wandered to his room.
“Right down the hall.” Natasha said when it became apparent Steve and Clint were too bust staring to answer. “Do you have a ride?”
Steve shuddered. “Clint.”
“This is what it looks like when you come out as a famous person, or in my case rather are outed,” He said.  “I wasn’t ready.  It was really rough.” Tony swiped again, the next cover was a photo of an older him. A skinny to the point of starvation woman on his arm and
Tony looked at Steve’s hands. The spot where he had been pinching the skin was still red.
“Yeah.” Steve said rolled his shoulders out. “Give me a few days to recover from that one and we can do it again.”
“Hey Steve! Come beat Natasha at arm wrestling for me! Tony called. Steve rolled his eyes. Thor grinned.
Steve looked up.  A woman who he had never seen before was standing in the door way.  The shirt he had seen Tony wearing last night hung too big off her shoulders providing modesty to a dress that was otherwise without.  A pair of heels hung from her hands. She was classically beautiful although in the morning light she looked over blushed.
“Steve.  Hold on a second. You look like you are about to throw up.”  Tony took a step toward Steve.  He wanted to reach out and give his arm a reassuring squeeze but the casual atmosphere they had yesterday was gone.
“I’ll be right back.”
Steve took the bottle out of Tony’s hand without resistance.  Tony slumped against his shoulder. Steve watched him through the reflection in the window as the city lights twinkled in the background.
He beat Natasha three to two.  After that fewer men showed up trying to prove something and he was bored enough that he almost missed them.
“Here’s to eighty more years.” He said.  Bucky raised his hand as if making a toast and then ran off to find books on Russia.
Tony gently replaced the lid to the box and whipped out his phone.
Steve sighed and walked back to the living room. Clint and Natasha were engaged in a conversation in rapid fire sign language.
“Did you win your board game?” Tony pressed a kiss into Steve’s hair. Steve blushed at the simple gesture.  Further proving, as a far a tony was concerned, that he wasn’t ready.
Tony drove and the traffic lights always seemed to turn in their favor.  After the second red light in a row seemed to inexplicably change before Steve’s eyes he began to suspect some meddling was involved on Tony’s part.
“Of course I do.  But I’m special.”
The refrigerator in the common kitchen was extremely large with four doors in total.  Steve spent a minute rummaging through it before finding eggs, milk, and bacon.
When bucky died he sat there in disbelief, he had known no one was guaranteed to survive to their soul day but he had let himself see their far dated tattoos as some kind of assurance that they would wait for their soul mates together.
While the rest of the crew was eating an the destroyed restaurant, he snuck into the bathroom, miraculously still intact and rolled up the sleeve to his suit. His mark was still there, He sighed in relief and then for a second an insane thought crossed his mind, His arm had begun to burn the second tony went through the portal in the sky, he wondered, but he quickly shook it off, he had helped hundreds of people out of the rubble today, and met hundreds more on the shield helicarrier. The hope blossomed viciously again, but he realized, Howard had seen his mark, he hadn’t bothered to cover it back then, had It been Tony, Howard would have told his son, Tony would have known. He sighed and walked back out to join the group.
“He already is Captain.” Jarvis said.
An hour later Tony was sweating more than he had since Afghanistan and seemed to have made very little progress.
Tony could feel Steve’s pulse racing underneath his skin. “Think about it for a week or so before you make a decision. That’s all I ask”
Tony smiled and started to walk towards the elevator.
“It doesn’t seem like I have.” Steve said with a sad smile.  He’d started picking at his hand again.   They finished the ride to the tower in silence.
They carried on like that, Tony attempting to leave a mark on Steve that lasted for more than five minutes while Steve made his jawline look like it belonged to an exotic jungle cat until Tony’s lips were too sore to carry on.  Tony was painfully aware of his erection pressing against his jeans.  A quick glance confirmed that Steve was in the same situation.
“It might help if you told me what I was doing wrong instead of just decking me every two moves.”
“Tony?” Steve said.  He squatted down and lifted Tony over his shoulders and walked him to the couch where he gently deposited him.
Happy dropped them off at the church and it was everything the pictures online had promised; towering stone walls, massive stained glass, and people who seemed to be happy minding their own business and saying a quiet prayer before the service started.  They slid in to a pew half way back.  As soon as they sat Steve bowed his head and clasped his hands together.  His eyes were lightly shut and his thumb rubbed back and forth on his palms.  Occasionally he would pinch the skin on the back of his hand for a moment.
Live footage followed Steve as he rushed through the halls of the tower. A group of three super powered individuals were attempting to rob a bank.  Clint appeared to have them pinned down with suppressing fire.
“Hunger is a mental construct meant to distract me from being productive,” Tony said but he kept eating. Steve chuckled.
As time went on there were some days he almost forgot about it, and when he realized he was happier not thinking about it. He began to wear a thick bracelet right over it, so he couldn’t see the letters that looked as if they were from a typewriter, “May 3
Tony rolled his eyes. “How poetic.”
Tony had known that Steve would decide to come out the second Bruce had said it would be good if he did.  He didn’t particularly disagree with Bruce, but he also would have never said anything about it.  He already had a PR strategy laid out before Steve had come down earlier.  He had just said he needed to work because he needed time to think, about what this would mean for him, about what it would mean for Steve.
Tony did as he was told.  Steve mirrored his stance.
“You used Jarvis.” He looked over to the oven. “Is that eggs and Sausage?”
Steve backed away. “I… I…” He face was flushed.  He took another step backwards and then turned and fled.
Tony must have heard him walking down the hall after him because he sped up.  Once Steve turned the corner from Clint and Natasha he broke into a jog.
“Cap!” Tony said by way of greeting.  He was now the level of drunk where he should most definitely not drive a car and his friends could tell because he was noticeably more agreeable than he ever was when sober or caffeinated.  Steve picked his way around the lab’s eternal mess and eventually found his way to Tony at the center.
“Stark, I swear to god.” Clint looked down at him in disapproval.
Steve was staring at the fridge trying to decide whether he wanted orange or apple juice when he heard the sound of heels down the hall. Pepper stopped when she saw him in the kitchen.
“Yes, Captain Rodgers?”
He thought he had understood what it was to be cold when he had been ninety pounds and the New York winter had ripped through him with sleet blowing winds that soaked his ratty jacket and left him shivering with the flu till it finally stopped snowing halfway through April, when they couldn’t afford wood for the fire and Bucky had snuck home coal stolen from the docks in his pockets so they could boil a pot of water that Steve could sit over and breathe the steam that came off it to try and calm his rattling lungs.
“And now the feature event!” The doors slid open to his floor And Steve knew his mouth was hanging open but he couldn’t really stop it.  The main room was massive.  A large sectional sofa cordoned off part of the room with a huge TV  on one wall and a bigger fireplace on the other.  The space then flowed into a kitchen and bar larger than any total space he had ever lived in.
“Hey now!”
“Sir, Director Fury requests your presence.”
“Still working on those vectors?”
Tony pointed the missile up into the void and he knew he had to go with it, He told Jarvis to call Pepper because she was all he had.  The phone call displayed the date and time code and he remembered, today was supposed to be the day. He felt guilt more than sadness, He was sure many people’s arms would be blank after today, all people he couldn’t save.  He figured it was for the best though; that it was him up here and not someone else. As the darkness closed in he told himself his soulmate would be better off this way, without him to put them in danger.  He told himself that he was keeping them safe by doing this, and that was all he could do.
“Tell me when he tries to sneak down to the gym at some ungodly hour Jarvis.”  Tony turned on the music and tried with minimal success to bury himself in work.
“This way.” He shouted and waited for Steve to navigate around the various shelves and toolboxes to find him. He expected to see Steve in his typical grandpa clothes walking about with the slack-jawed look he got some time when confronted with large quantities of technology.  What he did not expect was to see Steve dressed in distressingly well-fitting jeans and an even more sinful t-shirt, with his hair still slightly wet and rumpled.
“Yeah, spill.” She agreed. Clint made what looked like a particularly obscene sign and Natasha chucked a throw pillow at him.
“Well, I should hope so.”
Some people said they could feel when the date changed, a little tickle or sting.  Tony’s nanny as called it ‘the strings of fate weaving together’ Others said they could always fell a small amount of warmth radiating from their mark.  Tony’s was always cold and numb compared to the skin around it.
This whole taking it slow thing was going to be the death of him.
“I’m not going to have to patch you up again, am I?” he asked.
“I don’t know.” Bruce pointed to one of the bubble like anomalies that flickered in and out of existence. “It’s not radiation.”  Steve opened the fridge and pulled out the egg carton and a package of sausage. Bruce was still staring at the chart. Tony was using his distracted state to slowly inch his coffee away from him.  Steve put the coffee pot on and broke all eighteen eggs in to a frying pan one by one.
“Okay, Steve,” Tony said though it felt a little weird in his mouth.
“Given the amount of adjusting we are talking about you are doing admirably.”  Tony snatched the pickle.  “But that’s sad talk. Tell me what’s your favorite thing about the future?”
“Hey...” Bucky said after double checking the Cyrillic translation and the math.  “They showed up on the same day, that must mean we stay pretty close, yeah?” He smiled.  Steve smiled back.
“Goodbye Steve.”  Pepper turned to leave picking up bags she had left in the hall with her.
“Shit, sorry. Jarvis add Karate Kid to the movie list, the original one.”
Tony took a few minutes lying in bed pretending he didn’t have to go do unpleasant things before he got up.  Five minutes later with a coffee in hand he walked in to the gym.
“I wouldn’t have taken you for a sugar in your coffee person,” Steve said.
“Sure,” Steve said.
Steve only glanced at the pictures. Before he swatted them away.  He was grateful that they disappeared when he did.  While Steve was slightly annoyed that Tony had clearly pre-prepared this counterargument, he mostly felt sad that this was something which Tony judged himself by.
“And then you caption it.” Clint began to type.  Steve chuckled.
“Um…I”
Two floors. Tony wanted to run. He was silently cursing the enclosed nature of elevators.
“I know and he does too.”  Pepper stepped in to the room and extended her hand.
“Of course Captain, if you need assistance I shall still be available from the remainder of your living quarters.
“It might be.” Steve was already getting out three pates.  Just as he put the eggs on the table the distress beacon began sounding. It was the first time it had gone off since the battle of New York
“Jarvis, apply vectors.” Tony said. He gestured towards the graph and was pleased to see it shift and jump again.  Jarvis understood the game he was playing perfectly and could execute even the most nonsensical command better than fuckit.js.
Tony: Steve, you do realize I gave you a whole floor to live on.
“There was great debate on how to organize things.” Tony said steamrolling through Steve’s objections. He pointed to the bookshelves. “That center case each has a shelf our recommendations. There was concern over whose shelf Harry Potter got to be on.  Natasha won the rock paper scissors game.” Steve walked over to the desk and ran his fingers over the covers of one of the sketchbooks.
They ordered takeout, approximately twice the usual amount, and all sat on the couch too sore and exhausted to make good conversation.  Tony turned on the news and they sat in silence with it yammering in the back ground.  Steve didn’t seem nearly as tired as the rest of them he leaned forward intently and watched as the hosts argue about the topic of the day.  He set down his food completely engrossed in the program.
Clint brought Steve a peace offering in the form of a boxed set of Harry Potter books and several awkward long winded apologies. “It’s the book series of the decade Cap. You gotta read it.” He said before again starting to mumble about how he was an idiot and how much respect he had for him.
“Tony, you need to eat,” Steve said. He sounded slightly grumpy,
“Yeah.” Steve sat there left in a daze from the feeling of stubble scraping against his chin. “it’s just new to me, is all.”
“Thanks for the other night Cap.”  Tony pulled out of his grip and stepped in o the elevator.  The doors gave a ping and slid shut.
Steve landed a kick in the center of Thor’s chest that sent him flying back on to his butt.  They both sat there breathing heavy for a minute. Steve bent over and put his hands on his knees resting waiting for Thor to get back up.  His shirt was soaked in sweat.  It rode up in the back revealing a thin line of skin.
“I didn’t want to stick around for the cameras.” Clint said with his mouth full of thread as he tied off another stitch. “That’s Starks job.”
“Technically it’s the present.” Steve said.
“Technology is great and all I guess.” Steve swirled his fry in his ketchup. “and modern medicine is incredible.”
Steve took several laps pacing up and down the hall before he pushed the button to call the elevator.  The doors slid open immediately.
Clint snorted.  “God fuck America.” He waved a chopstick at the TV.  “Army idiots sticking their nose places where it doesn’t belong. Better off without them”
“No, that’s fine Jarvis,” Steve said. “Has he eaten breakfast yet?”
“Agent Romanov.  What brings you to head quarters?”
Tony turned a dial simply for the purpose of making the graph suddenly flare and jump, and Steve with it.
“What do I do?” Tony sounded miserable, hopeless.
“Can’t go to bed.  She’s up there getting her stuff.” Tony said totally deflated.
Sooner than he thought possible Steve was due back to the tower within the week, and Tony sent a request for his things to be sent over from Shield. A single filing box came by courier the next day and at first Tony thought there must have been a mistake. After being assured that that was all he took it the elevator up to Steve’s floor which now seemed ridiculously large. He set the box on the coffee table and opened it gently. Inside there was a copy of the Bible, a photograph of the howling commandos and a pair of dog tags worn almost bare.
“Let him in J.,” he said as he looked around at his workspace.  It was, by any standard, a damn mess.
“Hey,” Tony ran his thumb over the part of Steve’s collarbone visible over the collar of his V-neck shirt. “You set the pace okay? I need to know that if you aren’t comfortable you are going tell me, alright?
“Tony, it's six a.m.” Tony mumbled something else and Steve caught something in the vein of ‘left gala… two” before he totally collapsed.
“Stark, put you God damn hands up.”
“He’s just having a rough time.”
“Stark?” She asked. Clint collapsed on the mat upon realizing she was giving him a break.
“I’ll meet you in the gym bright and early tomorrow if you want me to prove it.” Steve said.
“Hey, um, Cap? Last time we met I was kind of a jerk and well you didn’t deserve that.” Tony said in one giant huff of a breath.  His eyes were focused on the ground at Steve’s feet like a five year old being reprimanded for stealing from a candy shop.
“But Pepp…”
“That was one time!” Clint wailed. He turned to face Steve. “It’s not fair she uses her boobs for the forces of evil!”
“Rogers I swear to god…”
“Good that’s just how I like it.”
“Food first,” Steve said, and Tony sighed.  He knew when he was being conspired against. He put a fork full in his mouth, and it was good, excellent, in fact.  …
“Shit.”
“You need to find a better outlet.” Tony said.  He was vaguely aware that he was still holding Steve’s hand, holding pressure he told himself. “What if we get called in five minutes and you get it a bad situation because you can’t throw a punch.”
His had been there since he was five, from when he finished building his first car engine from scratch.  He was too young to know he should care about it. But he ran to show his dad the car engine, sleeves rolled up and arms covered in grease. His father froze when he saw his arm and looked like he would be ill. Tony later decided his father was simply jealous, though he couldn’t fathom why, knowing he had a soulmate, that he wouldn’t meet till he was almost forty was incredibly stressful. His never changed until he woke up in the cave he noticed it had shifted earlier by a few weeks. He almost laughed at how little of an effect it had
“The contest you suggest is hardly fair Stark.” Thor said. “Lady Natasha, would you do me the honor of allowing me to fight as your champion.” Thor’s contemplative mood seemed to have evaporated as he again became the life of the party.
“Shit, Steve.” Tony said.  He noticed Steve was still shivering. “Jarvis will ya turn the heat up?” The room got warmer and Tony began to doze off.
Fury told him they would let him know when he was needed and until then he was welcome to train with the agents on base.  Steve had quickly figured out that no one had time to talk to him or answer any of the dozen questions he had about the future. People looked at him funny when he called it that.  He had to remind himself repeatedly that to everyone else this wasn’t the future but the present.  Every agent, however, seemed to have time to come down to the gym and try to hold their own against him hand to hand in the ring.  Many were good natured; asking him for advice and not hitting hard enough to hurt.  Other times men came in with something to prove; often taunting words came with them.  They would say things like Iron Man had been the real hero of New York, not him… any man with a bit of muscle in a costume could have done what he did.  They hit harder, with a sneer on their faces and a crowd would gather to see if the local hot shot could take down the living legend.  Bullies hadn’t changes much in a century.  They found themselves with their backs on the mat quickly, more so if they tried to get back up.
“The purpose of my being here is…”
“Alright Jarvis.  Where is he?” Tony stood up and turned away from the liquor cabinet
HE spent hours beating his hands to a pulp against kevlar punching bags.  He didn't even bother to wrap his bloody knuckles when he was done, they would heal by morning. He did, however, wrap a thin strip of cloth around his soul mark so no one could see it.  He hoped it would make him think about it less. It didn't.
“What is a hickey?” Steve sounded as though he knew it was something dirty.  Tony could see a hint of a bush dusting his cheekbones.
“Actually sir, when you issued this command eighteen days ago it was the most sober you had been in several weeks; with a blood alcohol level of less than  .01.” Jarvis said.  Tony thumped his head against the table again.  He needed coffee. Now.
At five fifteen a.m. the lights in Tony’s room came on.
As he was riding back to his lab in the elevator, he told Jarvis to order Clint ‘the biggest fucking crystal he could get in the city.’ And Natasha ‘more chocolate than she could ever eat.’
“Ha! A point to me!” He extended a hand and pulled Steve back up.
Steve had just started to make lunch wandering around the kitchen reading the first book when Natasha walked in.  Steve started making her a sandwich too. He set a plate down in front of her and kept reading.
“Of course Ms. Potts.”
Tony smiled and let his exposed teeth brush gently over Steve’s ear. “to whom do I owe the pleasure of demonstrating this terminology?”
The door pinged and slid open and Steve Rogers cautiously stepped out.  The sarcastic words Tony had planned died on his lips.  Steve only had a duffel bag and the shield which was treaded through its strap.  As he stepped out of the elevator he seemed small, he looked scared.  His fingers brushed the edge of his shield as he looked around taking in the floor to ceiling glass windows, all of which had various data and information projected on to them in real time.  None of this was what stopped Tony from saying something.  What stopped him were the bags he noticed under Steve’s eyes and the way he pinched his lips together between his teeth as he actively held his chin high. He’d seen that look too many times in the mirror after he had returned from Afghanistan.  When he had spent days working up to touching the arc reactor and months trying to get used to the literal hole in his chest.   He remembered how he had felt back then, like someone trying to fix porcelain with scotch tape while the whole world shrieked at him for breaking it in the first place.  He knew that even a touch of hostility now would be cruelty.  He waved his hands and all of the data on the windows cleared.
“I think I’d like that.” Steve smiled and pressed a kiss behind Tony’s ear.
“Agent Romanov is but she has already eaten sir.” Steve nodded in acknowledgment.  He started the coffeemaker and placed two pans on the stove range and began cracking eggs into one of them as the smell of coffee filled the room.
Steve beat Clint three rounds to none the next morning but Clint made Steve promise that he’d have a go at the archery range.
“Have you read this?” He asked calmly. Steve nodded and purposefully continued to look out the window.  He had read the file on the ride over even though he suspected he wasn’t supposed to.  It didn’t paint a pretty picture.   Inability to comprehend or interact with modern society… PTSD… Anxiety disorder…Depression…  Tony closed the file.
“Too much traffic.” Tony sounded amused.  Even though Steve knew he was right he still held it against him a little bit.
“I’ll put it on the list” Steve said. He was going to need a new notebook soon.
“Time to talk.” She said.
. Tony swore.  And threw down his electric razor.
The elevator opened. Steve shuffled his feet as he got out.  He was unsure of what he was supposed to do at this point in the evening.
‘Stark, take the scrawny one in the back. Hawkeye get the strong man. I’ve got the speedster.’  They listened to him without question jumping in to action, trusting his call.  He took down the attacker with a single hit to the gut, careful not to break and bones. He put the guy in handcuffs and looked over to see that Clint had equal success.  Tony was a different story. Somehow the boy, no more than seventeen years old, had managed to get Tony’s helmet off and was now holding a knife to his throat.  It was clear as long as the boy was touching him Tony couldn’t move a muscle.
“The things I did because I had to.”
“Couch then.” He pulled Tony to his feet.  “You need sleep.” Tony didn’t resist but he didn’t help either. He fell forward until Steve caught him.  Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and slowly shuffled him over the couch. He sat Tony down slowly. He then unlaced Tony’s shoes and set them at the end of the couch. He had done the same countless time for Bucky both before and during the war.
“I thought I said you didn’t have to buy me anything,” Steve said still in shock.
“Oh really?” Natasha quirked and eyebrow.
“Is Tony awake?”
“Fine.” He said. “But I get another cup of coffee for you completely derailing my day.”
Steve didn’t answer. So, Tony spent the rest of the day curating an online shopping list waiting for Steve’s letter to determine what he was going to buy.
He was about to start explaining but Tony cut him off by beginning to work kisses down his jawline.  He tugged gently on Steve’s shirt until they were facing each other. Steve tensed a little bit.
“What are you looking to get out of this?” Tony asked.  He thought back to the park and how there was undeniably a connection.  He doubted that the terms ‘just casual’ or ‘fuck buddies’ were within Steve’s vocabulary or capability; not that he wanted that.   Tony’s brain was currently requesting scary things like ‘everything’ and ‘forever’ that he knew no sensible person would be thinking about after one make out session.
“Saying sorry.”
“You coming?”
“Sit this one out.” He told him already running towards the situation room where his suit was kept. “Jarvis tap security cameras and let authorities know we are on our way.” He looked back at Tony who seemed to be frozen half way between sitting and standing.
“Thanks, Jarvis.” He said even though he had wanted the time it would have taken for it to come to think.   He assumed the AI had brought it as soon as he entered the hallway.  He counted his breaths with the floors and managed to calm himself by the time he reached the penthouse.
“I’m so sorry” Steve said.  He felt like he was supposed to offer something more in the situation. He put a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“You too?” he asked.  Steve nodded though he felt no excitement. He began to roll his sleeve back down “C’mon Stevie! Bucky said.  It can’t be as bad as mine.” He flashed Steve his mark.  Whatever was on his wrist wasn’t in English. “I have no idea what it says.” He grabbed Steve’s arm and looked at it for a minute slightly stumped.
As soon as he could he excused himself and went to go help at the triage station, He worked there until midnight but still didn’t find anyone with the same mark as his.  At 12:01 he claimed exhaustion and walked out into the wreckage of midtown New York.
He took a minute to appreciate the heated floors and towel bar when he got out before wandering into his bedroom again.  He opened his closet and sighed in exasperation, just as he had the night before at the expansive selection of clothes that were behind the door.  As he put on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, he discovered that the pants were tailored to fit perfectly, a rarity with his build, though the fit was… more modern… then he was accustomed to.  He walked back out into the living room.
“That wouldn’t be very nice.” Steve said.
Steve’s jaw clenched, and Tony could see a look of determination in his eye.  He wanted to smack Bruce upside the head and tell him to shut up.  Even if Bruce didn’t realize it Steve would take what he just said as pressure to come out and that was pressure Steve didn’t need to be dealing with yet.
“Do you have coordinates Jarvis?” as he sprinted out of the door.
Steve sighed “Is there a way you can… not do that?” Just in here, you can still be in the living room I guess.”
Some efforts, however, were just doomed to fail.  Thankfully, Steve didn’t seem to notice.
“You’re Steve Rogers aren’t you? You’re Captain America.”  She looked very excited all of a sudden.  This seemed odd to Steve as she had an hour previously had Ironman as a bedfellow.
Natasha had returned from wherever she had been, she wouldn’t say, with a black eye and a split lip, two duffel bags in tow.  She had plopped down unceremoniously on the couch and mumbled something about hot tea and then a beer. To Steve’s surprise Clint, despite not having heard the comment, emerged from the kitchen a minute later with a mug in one hand and three beer bottles balanced in the other.
“The city at night with all of the headlights, especially from up in the tower.  It is kinda amazing the scale of it all.”
“Stark is a lost cause.  We should just wrap him in bubble wrap and be done with it.” Clint said.
“Yeah, bright and early.”  Tony called as Steve walked out of the lab.
It was a poorly planned questionably executed affair of a kiss.  Their noses bumped and their teeth clattered until Tony processed the fact that it was Steve’s hand barely touching his cheek and Steve’s lips pressed firmly against his. He pulled back to just hovering over Steve’s lips.  The elevator dinged.  They both opened their eyes.
Steve and Thor had taken over the second half of the room and were engaged in epic combat.  Thor nearly drove Steve through the floor with a windmill of an overhead blow.  The impact took Steve to his knees his every muscle straining to hold off Thor’s fist.  The fight looked to be over.  Steve was quicker than Thor though and he managed to roll out from under the crushing force and send Thor stumbling toward the wall.
It took him a minute to understand what he was seeing.  In the center of the room larger than life was the cover of one of those magazines that were in the grocery store aisles. Tabloids, Clint had called them ‘hardly ever anything true in em’ he’d muttered.  This one, in particular, had a blurry picture of two young men kissing red plastic cups in hand.  Written in blocky yellow text over the bottom of the picture:  Tony Stark Makes out with Mystery Man. Tony swiped at the air and the picture changed.  This cover featured a posed photo of Tony poorly edited to look like he was wearing makeup and glitter. Tony Stark Gay??  This one read.
“We rebuild,"
“Do you think I should do it?” Steve had made his way through all the boxes and strewn about parts nearly silently.
Slowly the other Avengers showed up to live in the tower.  Bruce came first. Steve walked in one morning to him and Tony neglecting their toaster waffles on their plates and animatedly gesturing at the same graph Tony had been looking at the other day.
At first Tony wanted to scream but then It occurred to him: if Steve knew what Natasha and Clint like maybe they would know what he liked.
“I am sure you will find your way Captain.” He said. They wandered back to the group.
Steve looked back at the rainbow mess being projected in the center of the room. “And how’s that going?”
“That doesn’t sound nearly as cool.  And don’t dodge the question.” Tony could see that Steve was stumped.
“I’d throw it anyway.” Steve flexed the bandages and blood seeped to the surface.
Tony and Clint lined up again. Clint swung at him and Tony managed to block it. Clint grabbed the arm he had extended to do so and flipped to the ground.
“I have programmed them into Mark VII sir. It is ready in the launch bay.” Tony sprinted, the earlier thought of the day had totally evacuated from his mind.  As he ran Jarvis played security footage a few feet in front of him. He could tell it was going to be a rough few days.
“No thanks, Cap, but if you have some coffee I’ll take it.” Tony walked further into the kitchen and leaned up against the counter. Steve grabbed a pot and poured a cup tony took it gratefully and rooted around the cabinets until he found sugar, he scooped three spoonful’s into the cup and stirred before happily drinking.
“Firstly, there is no way you aren’t hungry. I’m starving and you got three times the workout I did with three times the metabolism. Secondly, we don’t need a repeat of last week.” Tony tapped the back of Steve’s hand One of the knuckled was still sporting a light pink scar.  “Let’s go get burgers.  I know this great place, lots of grease, huge milkshakes, the works.”
“The war was hell.” Steve said. “But it was where I was supposed to be.  It was my fight.”  Steve shivered. “I didn’t lose consciousness when the plane hit the water.” His jaw worked up and down as he looked anywhere but Tony’s face.  “I don’t know how long it was.  A few hours maybe.  Haven’t felt warm since.”
“Builds character” Steve said.
“Tony.”
“Not hungry my ass.” He dipped his fries in his shake.  Steve was too bust eating to talk so Tony rambled about anything and everything.  Steve suffered through the techno babble admirably although Tony saw his eyes glaze over once or twice.
“Hmmm?”
“Steve, let’s be clear.” Tony sounded agitated. “You are not here because Fury is making me teach you how to use a computer. You are here because you are my teammate and you needed a place to stay.” The folder pressed against Steve’s arm with more force. “Besides, this would be a pretty shitty Avenger’s tower if there was only one avenger living in it. And hey, you might even learn to use a computer along the way. “ He said with a smile.  Steve took the folder and tucked it back in to his bag. He wondered how much Tony had read, if he thought less of him for it.  Good soldiers didn’t get shell shock, of whatever fancy word they had for it these days.   They kept walking to fight another day.  He had always told himself he was a good soldier.  Some people still seemed to believe it but he wasn’t so sure.
“Yes.” They kissed lazily for a while and ended up sitting side by side Steve’s arm draped over Tony’s shoulders his cheek pressed into Tony’s hair.
“I think I’m getting the hang of this whole future thing.”
“Bruce I get, but why do I have to do this?” Tony took a step towards the door.
“I need your help,” Tony said. “They…um..I….ummm…”
“Ask away.”  Tony pressed a kiss into Steve’s temple.  It was all he knew he had permission to do.  Tony had never experienced this in a relationship before, even with Pepper.  He felt like he and Steve were still holding on to platonic’s cliff edge by a single hand.
“I can turn off video surveillance if you wish, Captain; however, I will still be able to speak to you during emergency procedures such as evacuations or calls to assemble.”
“Yeah, well I'm not really good at small gestures,” Tony said, and then a little more quietly possibly because he sensed that Steve was more than a little overwhelmed, “I’ll Leave you to explore the rest, Yeah?” Steve nodded.
“I can’t imagine this is and worse than the war.” Tony said. “I know it’s a steep learning curve, but you are doing well.  You’ll get the hang of it.”
“Thanks, Cap,” Tony said. He grabbed the coffee and took a long sip. It was perfect, exactly how he always made it. “Wow, good memory.”  He turned back to his workbench and pulled back up the circuit board with a wave of his hand.
“Popular approval still isn’t high enough that it’s no big deal.” Tony traced the seam of Steve’s shirt down his shoulder with his hand.
There was a message on his phone, which he still didn’t know how to use from Natasha.  All it contained was an address and the word debrief.
“I’m sure you know what fork to use.” Steve said still uncertain.
“El capieeeetaaan.” He exclaimed.
“Living up to expectations?” Tony pulled away and searched Steve’s face for any signs of distress.
“Yeah?”
“Good to be back.” Steve tried to mean it, but every inch of the tower was alien to him except maybe they newspaper in Bruce’s hand. Bruce gave him a knowing smile.
He spent the evening watching firefly on Clint’s recommendation.  He heard a crash followed by the clanking of glass against glass coming from the living room.
“Not even entirely sure I’m dealing with a frequency here Cap.  That’s my fundamental problem.” He said.  The graph went back to normal.  “What can I do ya for?”
“Hey Jarv, gimme a local church, low on bible thumping, high on stain glass windows.”  Several options floated themselves in front of Tony and Steve.
“Sir, he says this is a code 616.”  Tony froze. 616,
“Pepper left.” Tony hung his head and ran his hand through his hair.  The bottle dangled loosely from his other hand.  “We’re done.” His voice cracked on the last word.
Tony’s world suddenly tipped sideways as his knees were forcefully buckled from behind.
“You never miss things till they are gone.” He said sounding entirely content.
“You better watch out. He might beat you at that too.” Natasha joked.
“Well that went both better and worse than expected.” He sunk in to the couch with a sigh.
Tony: So old fashioned. You know text messages send instantaneously?
“Where is Bruce? He must join us.” Thor gathered everyone on a single couch. “Jarvis.  Summon Dr. Banner from his lab.”
“So,” Steve said gesturing to the agents in the room, “Want to give them a show?”
“Quit ogling Assmerica the Beautiful over there and pay attention.  You were actually improving in the two minutes you were trying.”
The plane was going down and he knew it.  As he was comforting Peggy, as the water got closer he  imagined that he’d hit the water and that’d be the end of it.  He told himself it would be okay, it would be over. He almost dared imagine he would be in a better place.
“You want coffee? I want coffee.” Tony said suddenly and darted off in to the next room. Minutes later he dashed back in and pressed a steaming cup of coffee in to Steve’s hands.  Tony took a sip from his own cup and sighed happily.
Steve and Bucky were in Kindergarten when they first learned about Soul Marks, the little set of numbers that most adults had on their wrist.  The teacher explained that when it showed up it would tell them the day that they would meet their soulmate for the first time.  Some kids in their class already had them and they ran around in the schoolyard comparing dates and scratching out the math in the dirt to see how many years they had until they found their other half.
“It’s just a lot to take in. Everything is so different from what I’m used to.”  Steve took a swig of the beer and resisted the urge to spit it out over the edge. “How do you do it?”  Steve asked.  He wondered if the difference was that Thor could go home with a single word.
Almost (mostly) dying had a way of distracting people from other things, it wasn’t till the next morning that Tony really realized he had missed them. His mind raced. He fumbled with the thick metal cuff he wore over his mark and looked at hoping it had changed without him noticing, but it had stayed the same. Yesterday had been his soul day and he had no idea who they were. He felt panic set in.  He tried to admonish himself, this had always been the plan hadn’t it? To pretend his soulmate didn’t exist, to pretend that happiness didn’t have an expiration date marked into his flesh. He supposed deep down even if he actively tried to not care he always figured his soul day would come and he would meet the person, he would know, and would have simply saved himself all the angst and worry up to that point. But here he was, alone, expired, trying not to have a panic attack about it.
Tony groaned but put the drink down.
Steve put his phone in his pocket and headed toward the elevator. He pressed the button for the common area as the doors slid closed.
“I’m not sure I know how to.” He thought of Peggy and how in a moment of clarity, or as close as she got to it, she told him to go live the life he had never gotten to.  He’d told her that life went down with the plane.  Everyone he was supposed to live it with was gone. “Except you Peggy.”
“Jarvis! Where is Dummy?  I asked him to bring me more coffee ages ago.” Tony could in fact see exactly where dummy was The little robot was scooting form place to place picking new surfaces in the hopelessly messy workshop to traumatize with a feather duster.  Even though the action was fundamentally adorable it did not involve him getting more coffee and therefore was not appropriate.
“See?” Clint said.”
“That’s wonderful.”  Tony said. “But those are canned lines some shield agent probably coached you on. What do you like?”
“You’re my teammate. “Steve said. “It's my job to make sure you stay at least semi-functional.” He smiled. “Also the way you are inhaling those eggs don’t even try telling me you weren’t hungry.”
He threw his shield over his shoulder wondering exactly Tony had in mind for transport.  When he ran on to the roof Tony was already waiting.
“How is he?” Her voice sounded worn.  Steve could see the red marks left from her scrubbing running eye makeup out from under her eyes.
“Jarvis, go ahead and project the data in the room.  Color-code the frequencies and set the communicator as origin.”  The room lit up with Technicolor waves that were polluted by little bubbles of error that appeared at random like popping popcorn.
Saying he was taking some time to road trip across the country, that’d he’d be back in a month. He said he’d join them then and he wished Tony well. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the excruciatingly perfect penmanship or the precision with which the stamp was placed on the outside of the envelope. He pulled out his phone and sent Steve a text.
Clint declared that they should celebrate with takeout and beer.  Steve managed to convince Tony to come out of the lab and they all sat around the coffee table waiting for the delivery to show up.  Chinese food was eaten and the evening devolved in to Tony and Natasha competing to see how many shrimp they could throw in to Clint’s mouth in a row.  Natasha was slightly drunk, Tony had abstained claiming the title of “designated Avenger” of the evening, so she was only beating him by a factor of two.  They had called on Bruce to judge.
“What’s up, Tony?” He wheezed.  He rolled up on to his hands and knees and slowly got up and walked over to his water bottle.
“Don’t worry spangles, just taking a little drunken wander, I’ll head to bed now.”
“Well fuck.”
“Is anyone else awake?” Steve asked.
“Barton’s having the guilt session of a life time right about now.”  Tony said.  “You should ride that for a while.  Really make him squirm.”
Tony wondered if his soulmate was still alive, withering away in some nursing home or if they were long gone. Either way, he felt bad for Steve, worse than he felt for himself if he was being honest.
“Sure, Tony. Whatever you say.” When Tony was done he took the plate back up with him and Tony didn’t even try to pretend he didn’t watch Steve’s hips until he was out of sight.
“That’s me.” He said.  He finished off his coffee and stood to pour himself another.  “Would you like some coffee” He asked.  About three seconds later it occurred to him that offering you housemate’s one night stand coffee was not what the social script demanded. Fortunately he was able to find a disposable cup to put it in so she wasn’t obligated to stay around to drink it.
“You can go back to sleep in a second,” Steve said, he handed Tony the water glass and two pills. And prompted him to raise them to his mouth.  “You’re gonna feel like shit in a few hours no matter what but this might help.”
“I’m trying to isolate the Chitauri frequency. So we have some way to drop ‘em without a nuke.” Tony said.
“Yeah” the woman said. “The talking ceiling called me a cab.” Then she wandered down the hall without saying any more.
“Fuuuck.” He took a minute to calm himself before He headed to the elevator.
Bruce had quietly retreated to his favorite armchair. “When you are ready to come out though.” He looked directly at Steve. “It’s going to mean a hell of a lot to LGBT kids everywhere to have a literal hero they can look up to that’s like them.”
“I stayed back to help with medical triage” He got a weird expression on his face when he said it.
While he was on the road he had read an article about people finding their soulmates after the fact through the internet.  He slipped his phone out of his pocket and pulled up a new app he had downloaded a week ago, an app he spent more time on than he cared to admit. r/NYCmissedconnections was as busy as ever, depressingly so, but within a few hours, he’d gone through all the new posts, with no luck.  He checked the time, almost time for movie night.  He snapped the leather cuff back on and headed to the elevators.
“Send him up Jarvis.” Tony said.  He sprung off the couch and then changed his mind and sat back down.  He eyed the elevator as the door panel counted up the floors.  Captain America had been his childhood hero, and he would have been lying if he said the man’s words on the helicarrier had stopped stinging every time he thought of them.  He was a petty person there was no sense in denying it. He planned on being a jerk even though he knew Pepper would slap him in to next week if she knew anything of it.
“It’s called learning from experience.”
“Don’t act so burdened.  I’m buying.”
“I don’t think either of us was acting our best that day.” Steve said.   “Don’t worry about it.”   Tony smiled and held out his hand.
Training  rooms are on floors 60 and 61 Common area is 65 You’re floor 67” Tony said.
“Hey, Cap.  How ya doing?” he asked standing up from the couch.  “Oh, and welcome to avengers tower and stuff.”
“Hey, how was your day?” Tony walked up to him.  Without his shoes on he had to stand on his toes to kiss Steve on the lips.  It had been a few weeks, but it still blew Steve away.  The feel of Tony’s stubble on his face the slightly spicy taste of the cloves he put in the coffee he drank far too much of, the feeling of having Tony’s full attention fixed on him.  He never wanted it to stop.  Even this, what they were doing now he found overwhelming at times and though he knew he wanted more he was so overwhelmed by how Tony made him feel now that he was afraid to ask, afraid it might be too much too soon.
“I went to see Peggy toady.” He said.  His voice was quiet, almost puny. “They say I shouldn’t go back too often.  She gets confused.  Half the time she thinks she is seeing a ghost.” Steve didn’t seem to be talking to him, just vocalizing his scattered thoughts.  Tony said nothing and after a moment Steve continued.  “The docs at Shield said I should be on medicine for it, except for my metabolism’s too fast messes it up.”
Tony thought he heard Clint mumble”fucking casual” under his breath. He then dropped to a crouch swept Tony’s legs out from under him with his foot.  “The problem with boxing as that there are rules.” He popped back up to stand over Tony on the mat.   “It leaves you with an inflated sense of power and no preparation.”
“So, um, would you like a tour?”
“Hey,” He put his hand on Tony’s cheek and turned his head to face him. “None of that has anything to do with who you are now.  And even if it did I’d still want you to be the one I do this with.” He brushed his thumb across Tony’s cheekbone and marveled at the way even that small intimacy felt so significant.
Tony knew that they needed him but it was painfully clear that Steve shouldn’t have been in the field in New York that he shouldn’t be cleared for duty now, but he was.  Tony knew he didn’t have room to talk, but he didn’t have people he answered to, people who made him do the things he did; except for Pepper, but she sat squarely in the anti-avenging corner these days.
“Better now that you aren’t trying to tell me how bad you are for me.“ Steve Wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him closer. He kissed him deeper this time, gently ran his tongue over Tony’s lips.  And even though he had instigated it His heart raced, and he felt dizzy.  Tony Stepped back took Steve’s hand and led him to the couch.
Clint whacked Tony upside the head. “Pay attention Stark.”
“Fine.”
“Shit, Cap, it’s not like you didn’t already do enough,” Tony said. He started another pot of coffee, the bags under steves eyes seemed to be growing by the second, o
“Hey Steve, good to have you back,” he said.
“Thanks for coming.” Steve said. “It’s nice to have something familiar, y’know”
“What now?” Steve said though maybe not to Tony.
Tony was pleasantly drunk.  It was the kind of drunk where he probably shouldn’t drive but most people wouldn’t notice a difference in a conversation. It was the kind of drunk where doing higher math was not pleasant.
“I will get one of these instant grams.” Thor pulled out his phone. “it is downloading. Come, take a self-photo with me friends.”
“A good prank should bring the team closer together, not keep them split.” Steve then told him about the time he and Bucky has spent the entire night swapping the entire company’s boots around so everyone woke up with either two right or two left shoes.  “We didn’t want it to be obvious right away so we spent the whole night matching shoe sizes.” He struggled to finish the story for laughing so much. “They never did figure out that it was us.”
“Jarvis?” Steve asked hesitantly? He’d seen, or heard rather, Tony use the voice in the ceiling but didn’t quite understand how it worked.
He took another bite.
“How are you doing?”  He asked. Tony pulled out of his grip and stepped in o the elevator.
“Captain Rogers is in the gym Sir.  The coffee pot is on and brewing in the kitchen.”
“Way to go Rogers,” he mumbled in to the air “you fucked up the one good thing you had going here.”
“Well, that’s not right...” He mumbled. He spun around and ran into a very solid figure. For a second, he just let himself rest there against the firm warmth of…
Had either of them been paying attention they would have noticed four figures poorly concealing themselves behind furniture listening to their every word and watching intently.
“Yeah.”  He put a hand under Tony’s chin and pressed their lips back together. For a moment the kiss stayed a gentle grazing of lips before Steve got up the courage to gently suck at Tony’s bottom lip.  Tony breathed in sharply and his hand slid behind Steve’s neck.  He let Steve pull him closer till his legs were slung across Steve’s lap and their feet tangled on the floor.  Tony slid his tongue into Steve’s mouth and slid it across the front of his teeth. Steve sighed.  To his embarrassment it turned in to a small moan. Tony smiled against Steve’s cheek.
“But…but” Tony tried to protest but articulacy came with caffeine.  Without it he was approximately a three year old.   Steve didn’t notice or skillfully ignored his protests.
Steve and Thor traded blows for a minute but it was clear Thor’s strength was wearing on Steve. Every one of the blows he blocked sent him staggering back.  Only his agility kept him from being defeated.  Thor seemed to realize it and began to strategically back Steve in to a corner.  Steve tried to skirt around Thor but he was anticipating it.  His arm shot out at lightning speed and clothes lined Steve flipping him on to the mat.
“Bullshit.” Clint said opening his beer against the table’s edge.
Tony sighed.  “I thought you might say that.”  He took Steve’s other hand in his. “I’ll support whatever you want to do but there is something I want you to see first. He let go of one of Steve’s hands and tapped his tablet to turn it on he then made some gesture that Steve didn’t fully understand or fully bother to process because Tony hesitated for a moment before he did it and grimaced before he continued. Steve squeezed his hand and then turned his attention to the image that was projected in the room.
Steve read the paper every morning and every morning it horrified him in a new way.  The politicians didn’t respect the people who they represented and in turn the people didn’t respect their politicians.  That story was the same every day and after a week or so Steve had grown used to it.  Today’s unique horror was that police were allowed to carry and use assault rifles against citizens. His thoughts were interrupted when a woman, this one fully clothed, walked in to the room.
“What’d he do this time?” Clint rolled his eyes.
He then headed into the city towards Avengers tower.  He wasn’t quite ready to call it home. Though he was willing to think that one day he could.
Tony led him over to the mat and sat him down.  He plucked an expansive first aid kit off the wall. He began wiping blood away with alcohol wipes that didn’t seem big enough.  After a moment he switched to a water bottle and a towel that someone had left on the mat. The smaller abrasions were scabbing over but the center right knuckle was split to the bone. Tony knew that Steve would heal within a few days so he didn’t bother to stitch it he just gently placed gauze over it and wound a bandage around Steve’s hand which was swollen to the point he struggled to take it out of a fist.
“Tony, its six am.”
“Don’t worry.” Tony nudged his foot under the table. “Half these idiots are using the wrong fork right now.  The key to looking like you belong here is pretending you do.”
Tony was still face down on the ground when Steve got to him.  The shoulder of the suit was completely crumpled. A few odd wires stuck out around the edges but the damage didn’t appear to reach to Tony.  Steve flipped him over so that he was face up.
“What about?” Steve asked around a mouthful of sandwich.
“Deal.”  Clint smiled. Steve saw Tony walking down the hall toward the elevator. He was wearing a suit.
“Thanks.”  Steve said.  The smile was back and Tony remembered reading somewhere that even if you new someone was conditioning you with positive reinforcement you couldn’t stop it from working.  “See you in the morning Tony.”
Tony snorted and snatched the book out of his hands. He flipped through the pages Steve had filled, an embarrassing number.  An over dramatic sip of coffee later he said “Fasten your seatbelts; we’ve got some work to do.”
“What’d I miss,” he asked.
Tony just shook his head, and then moved to change the subject
“It’s a photo sharing app. Come, look.” Clint sat back down on the couch and gestured for Steve and Thor to come over. “You take a picture.” Clint pointed the camera at Tony.
“What do I do with it? He asked.
“You have an Instagram?” Tony asked.
Natasha smirked.  “That wasn’t so horrible was it?”
A smile lit up Tony’s face.  Steve wasn’t sure if it was because he used Jarvis or just that he was happy to see him.
That gave him pause.  He was just beginning to adjust to the way things were in the future… no, the present… maybe he wasn’t ready to take something this big on.  He had never enjoyed the spotlight.  Maybe Tony was right, but he knew Bruce was right too, and he knew what he had to do.
“I’m doing well.” Steve said, but the smile he gave was weak.  “Yourself?” He wandered to the window and looked down on to the street that was a half mile below. His fingers brushed the glass.  He flinched a little when it lit up.
“Show me.” He said.
He let he thoughts tumble around and resolved that he would face his problems in the morning.   He suddenly felt very alone and out of place in the world again.
He hadn’t shown this much restraint in a relationship since middle school, and only had then because his barely pubescent self-had been unsure how to proceed.  Now Tony knew exactly how he wished to proceed but he had promised he would let Steve set the pace. Tony laid back against the arm of the couch and Steve slipped by his side and laid his head against Tony’s chest.  They listened to each other’s breathing slow back down to normal.
“Hello?”  He peaked around the corner but the room appeared empty. Just as he was about to turn and leave he heard another clink and a shuffle. “Jarvis, lights please.” He stepped further in to the room and barely caught a pair of feet retracting out of view on the floor behind the bar. Quietly he walked up to the bar.  He could hear the sound of liquid sloshing from below the granite counter top. He turned the corner and found Tony slumped against the counter staring a dead eyed stare through his reflection in the window. His tie was pulled off and thrown across the floor absorbing the last drips of an empty bottle turned on its side.  Tony took a sip of the bottle he was currently working on not even seeming to notice Steve. Steve slowly sat down next to him.
Tony kissed Steve.  It was a brief kiss, only a few seconds, but Steve could taste a hint of the wine they had drank at dinner as Tony’s tongue briefly brushed his.  Steve’s fingers brushed Tony’s.  He held on to Tony’s hand as he pulled away.  “Goodnight Steve.” Tony walked away down the hall.  He looked back with a smile before he turned the corner.
Tony was slowly edging toward the door but Steve called him back.
“Are you alright with me reading this?”  Tony asked.  He held the file back out to Steve. Steve looked at it cautiously.
“We agreed it would be a good thing Tony.  You can bring Steve up to speed on the modern world and you might not forget to eat for days at a time while I’m away on business.” Pepper said in her CEO voice.  Tony didn’t like that voice.  It meant resistance was futile.
“Tony, hey wait up.”
He tried to get back up to the radio but his leg gave out with enough pain to make him vomit. Peggy was calling his name over the radio sounding more and more desperate.  He knew that even if they told he told them he was alive they wouldn’t get there in time.
He heard them before he entered the room. Well, mostly he heard Clint spewing expletives while Natasha landed hit after hit.
“Are you um, recording? in here?”
“I thought he had clearance to fire at will?” Steve asked.  Natasha smirked and snorted a little bit.
“Steve?” He called from the door of the dark apartment.  “Jarvis, lights at twenty percent.”   He made his way through the apartment as loudly as possible in the hope that Steve would not startle and punch him through a wall.  All of the bed sheets had been thrown aside. Steve was drenched in sweat and shaking so hard it was visible from across the room.  His ribcage moved up and down rapidly while his shoulders seemed to curl further in on themselves.
Tony longed to pull Steve into his lap so that he was straddling him.  He longed to unbutton Steve’s shirt one button at a time and use every dirty trick he knew to make him shiver and blush.
Tony felt Steve stiffen beside him.  He could see a blush rising to his cheeks. Steve seemed to struggle to say something for a minute before Tony stepped in.
“Hickey. Any questions?”
“Not today, Jarvis.”  Tony began to trim his goatee.
“Steve…”
“Clearly you are interested.” Natasha said. “Go for it.”
“Hey who gave you music privileges?” Tony turned around. “Jarvis, why does he have music privileges?”
“He lost money on me in a fight.” Natasha smiled mischievously at Steve. “A lot of money apparently.” She took a sip of her tea unperturbed.
Tony would write him back via text message.  Soon a small pile of postcards cluttered his desk and If anyone looked at his text log they wouldn’t have been able to make sense of it.
“Stark doesn’t deal with things.  He runs from them.” Natasha said.  As if to prove her point Tony managed to avoid all contact with anyone till Steve again spotted him sneaking out the next evening.
“What’s there to talk about?” Steve put his book down.  He knew he wasn’t likely to get out of it that’s easily but he had to try.
“Why don’t you just ask him?” Natasha asked.
Steve could see the fight unfolding a block away. Ironman dove down and released him from about thirty feet up.  He flipped to the ground next to Clint who instantly started giving a situation report.
“Jarvis don’t let anyone in.”  He heard the lock on the door slide into place.
“What for?”
drink she came up to him and told him the car was waiting for him outside.  For a second, he was offended but then he realized this was his out. He followed her and hoped she didn’t notice when he stumbled a little bit right before the stairs,
“Of course sir.”  Jarvis said. Steve nodded and continued to look out the window.
“Um. Where is the elevator? I wasn’t really paying attention last night?”
“Yeah, um do that? Please.”
Steve looked him dead in the eye and said, “I am bisexual, I am attracted to both men and women, and I am ready to come out.” He seemed out of breath after he said it.
“That its happening right now and we have a chance to change it.” Tony said.  The waiter came by with the check and Tony handed him a hundred dollar bill and told him to keep the change.
“Not even the exciting part!"  Tony interjected. He pulled Steve into the room and the around the corner. He opened the door to what Steve could only assume was supposed to be a study but it looked more like a full-blown library, one wall was lined with books the other with thin cases he soon realized were records. Against a wall made entirely of windows, there was a large desk with an assortment of art supplies
“Tony… this is..”
“You guys made every single news channel.  That was a nice shot Steve.  Risky, but nice.”
“Tony?” He heard Steve ask from the doorway.
He stumbled into the elevator even though he didn’t really remember getting there and slapped the panel. When the door opened, he took a few steps down the hall before he realized he was in the common area instead of his own floor.
Tony: Well, in that case, I expect postcards.
“Are you sure this is necessary?”  Bruce wrung his hands and looked apprehensively at the mat.
“I need coffee and a shower.” Tony wiped away sweat that was beading in his goatee. “Definitely in that order.”
“No shit,” Clint said gesturing about the training room. “Look, just wait till he gets here then it will be easier to figure out.
“Why do you care if I eat breakfast?”  He asked with a mouth full of food.
“Promise?”
Tony watched him walk away and once he was out of earshot groaned.
I'll try to get one more chapter up before Thanksgiving. This keeps getting longer despite my best efforts. (sorry, not sorry.)  I might also be making some minor edits in chapter one for continuity purposes (probably tomorrow).  Thanks for all of your lovely comments.
“I’ll burn the bacon!” he threatened.
“Bible thumping?” Steve asked.
“Tony what are you…”
“Sir, Captain Rogers had just arrived in the first floor lobby and is proceeding to the elevator.”  Tony set down his tablet and rubbed his eyes.   He had literally every piece of data possible on the Chitauri communicator but he had yet to make any sense of it.
“Asleep.” He knew Tony wouldn’t want him to say anything more.
“Just Peachy.”
“I have a question.”  Steve asked.  He looked up at Tony through his eyelashes.  His eyes were such a deep blue in the fluorescent light of the lab that if had he seem a picture of them he would have sworn they were photo-shopped.
“Master Sark is already in his lab Sir, If you would like me to call him I can.”
Steve woke up in the future, to bright lights and a room where everything seemed just a little off. He looked down at his arm and his soul mark was still there, bold as ever.  He felt a moment of relief but then I hit him, he knew the batter was going to strike out before the pitch was thrown, he had watched this game. He ran. Hours later after processing what the agents had told him, that he was in the future. That the world was a different place now he looked down at his arm and realized his soul day was only a few months away. He should have felt happy but all he felt was dread. He was a broken man now and his soulmate didn’t deserve that either, wherever they were.
“Friends, and its fine if you call me Steve.”
“Just hear me out? Okay?” Tony said.  “Firstly I want to you to know I’m not upset with you.” Tony saw Steve visibly relax.  He continued. “And it’s pretty clear you have some self discovery that you have to do.” Steve started to object but Tony put his hand up. “If you decide you just want to put all of this behind you we are all good.  But if you are interested in exploring it further, consider this an invitation.”
“Steve you’re shaking” Tony pulled away.  Lines of concern creased his brow.  His hand slid down Steve’s neck to rest on his shoulder. “Is this okay?”
“You make an unfortunate point.”
Wine was brought, and dinner was served and even though Steve knew he should be impressed by the meal but he was too busy appreciating how when Tony laughed and meant it he snorted and how he tilted his head ever so slightly when he was being sarcastic.
