Finally, John was finished, and he quickly brought the things he had needed away when he heard the phone in his pocket made a noise, indicating he had received a text message.
He didn’t need this corridor right now, so he just walked on to the next corridor. There were a few following after, those were the ones filled with rooms with information from the cases from before. He would need to see through those and see what should be kept and what deleted. Most of the information could be deleted because he didn’t need the names and addresses of former victims or witnesses, for instance. Sometimes, he would keep useful stuff, like the way a murder had taken place, the way a poison showed its marks on a victim’s face, or the effect a certain kind of bullet would have on a marble floor. He could use this information for the following cases, so he kept that and deleted the rest, thus erasing entire rooms, rendering the corridors smaller. His palace would adjust itself every time he entered and deleted something. The corridors would get smaller, rooms would disappear, which would make it easier to sort through new memories the next time he would come here.
John lingered in the living room for another few minutes. He was still stunned by Mycroft’s unusual soft demeanour and he somehow wanted Sherlock to know about the sincerity of his older brother’s sentiment towards him. But Sherlock always seemed intent on writing Mycroft’s above-average time spent on watching over him off as proof for his compulsive need to control everyone around him, nothing more. He thought that Mycroft saw him as a rival, for they both were incredibly intelligent and Mycroft only claimed his brother’s talents for his own affairs because he couldn’t be bothered with the legwork, or so he claimed. Sherlock knew his brother valued his brainpower and thought that that was the reason the older man always had an eye on him and went to great lengths to protect him from potential and actual danger. He probably never realized that Mycroft might have other reasons to look after him – that maybe sentiment was also a key player in the matter.
John let out a deep breath and swallowed heavily. Okay, he had been right, there was something wrong. He looked at Greg and knew from his face that he was thinking the same thing.
They made a turn at the end of the floor and found themselves in a sort of huge open space like a cellar. It was empty but they could make out voices from somewhere to the left.
Right in that moment the doorbell rang, and Sherlock closed his eyes in exhaustion. He really didn’t seem very enthusiastic to see his older brother now.
Here was a textbook Alpha, handsome, popular, good prospects - and how did he behave? Like an animal, only interested in fulfilling his urges, inconsiderate of anyone else’s feelings he might hurt in the process.
“I only wanted to ask, “Scott said, his voice deep and clear, “what happened to the Omega after they were woken up from the medically induced coma?”
“Sherlock, please, “John hurried to explain himself, a deep feeling of regret pooling inside his stomach, making him feel nauseous because this was
John almost held his breath as he cautiously approached his best friend. Sherlock still didn’t react, so he must be really in deep. He almost looked like a marble statue, sitting there like that, not moving a muscle.
is the song that John sings to Sherlock. I've searched for suitable Scottish lullabies (sung by male singers) for quite some time, which was surprisingly difficult. This one kind of stuck out to me, even though it's not technically a lullaby (like John says).
“It will be sorted out, John, “came Greg’s voice at last. “Just …. hold on tight, mate, you will get through this. And Sherlock will, too.”
John’s lips pressed into a worried, thin line. “It’s five o’clock in the afternoon. You’ve been out most of the night and this day, almost 24 hours since the fever started.”
There was silence on the other end and John sensed another bout of fury creeping up his neck, so he quickly said: “I’ve no time right now. The ambulance is here and they want to take him to the hospital although I want to treat him at home. I have to convince them…”
“Wait.” Jack implored once more. “At least take your beer, you’ve forgotten it and it’s still nearly full.”
“Yes, I know, “John said with a shaky sigh. He was anxious to get home, to put Sherlock to bed, and get him some much-needed rest.
“John….” A sob escaped Sherlock’s throat and John wanted to throttle him, scream at him to tell him what was wrong.
“I really hope this is okay, “John reiterated. “I have no idea if this is considered appropriate or not.”
Sherlock just hummed and John scooted back up to the edge of the bed but when he got up there was a weak tug at his arm, and he turned to see Sherlock’s thin wrist encircling his upper arm. He looked up and was met with Sherlock looking at him through heavy-lidded eyes, exhaustion seeping out of every single pore.
Her expression saddened. “Yeah, I know. It’s a shame…” She shook her head before her pretty smile re-appeared on her lips. “So, what do you wanna talk about?”
John chuckled. “Alright then, good night.” It was only 3 in the afternoon. He went to the door but was stopped by Sherlock’s quiet words.
A few flicks of his wrist with the hairpin kept in his breast pocket and the door was open. Quickly, he stepped inside and closed the door behind him. It was pitch-black inside, so his hands skilfully found the wall and he began to work his way sideways, his back against the wall. Fortunately, there weren’t any obstacles and he reached the room’s exit swiftly. He found himself in the hallway of the building and as there were no sounds indicating there were any people nearby, he took the stairs upwards. The first floor seemed totally abandoned so he decided there wasn’t anything of interest for him there. On the second floor, there was a light shining through from under the door of one of the offices, so he deftly made his way over there and crouched down next to the door.
Something inside him loosened and his face fell as he realized the truth behind John’s words. He tried to tell himself that he was being sentimental, that he mustn’t allow the words to get to him, but he already knew that it was useless now.
“Hey!” Greg protested in an overplayed fashion, punching John lightly in the chest. “I’ll have you know that my ‘average Beta cock’ is very sizable, thank you very much.”
“Yes, it seems I am. Thanks to your brother, to no one’s surprise, really. I think I owe him a gift basket, don’t you think?”
After another quick breath he managed to reach the toilet where he sat down to pee. Getting up again and reaching the sink to wash his hands and face took another long time.
“Today, we’re going to have a look at the effect of various poisons, specifically the effect of zootoxins on human cells. To make this experiment a little easier we’re going to experiment exclusively on Omega tissue.”
Like Victor and Sebastian. They at least were straight in their behaviour towards him. They made it clear they only saw him as an object. But this John Watson had even tried to apologize to him. On top of that, he had self-righteously intervened and pushed himself center stage, claiming to wish to ‘save’ him from the obnoxious Alphas. As if he was any different than them.
“Oh, you poor thing, “she cried out, as her eyes flew over his split lip, his pale skin, his bandaged head. “What have they done to you? Are you sure it’s a good idea to go home already?”
Maybe he would do that now. Going through memories, deleting stuff – that calmed him down and God knew he could need that right now. He also briefly considered trying to find a way to help get John out of prison, but he quickly thought better of it. He was too upset to think about that right now. Just thinking about his best friend alone and desperate in a depressing prison cell made his heart race in anxiety, he could feel it faintly as his mind briefly connected with its transport.
How could he even begin to think that any one of them could be different? He should have known better than to even indulge the thought of that. He saw the spark of hope die in John Watson’s beautiful eyes when he made his weak apology and got rejected and it gave him a great sense of satisfaction.
He nodded and prepared the tea. Keeping his hands occupied, making the tea, gave him comfort. He was still terrified by what had happened in his mind palace, knew that he had to think about it and try to find out what could possibly be behind that new door. But not now.
“That’s not true. The Swedish scientist Professor Hilger Arendsen was able to prove that carbon tetrachloride lowers the general ability of Alpha males and females to withstand the toxicants, rendering them susceptible to injury to the liver or the kidneys, to the point where their central nervous system completely breaks down. They could die from prolonged exposure. The Omega test objects, however, were barely affected. Their organs hardly showed any evident symptoms.”
“Alright, “he said with another heavy sigh, “would you mind making us some tea, Mrs. Hudson? I’m sure a hot beverage would do Sherlock some good.”
But his determination wavered as soon as he saw the look in the Alpha’s eyes when Magnussen chose him to attack with his next question: he could practically feel the other man’s temper rising within him even though the Alpha was too far away for him to scent or feel anything. He could see his clear blue eyes darken with barely-controlled fury and he saw his own irritation at the Professor’s unnecessarily cruel attitude mirrored in them. His throat tightened when he saw the Alpha’s hands clenching into fists on his table and for a second he feared for the other man, that he would not be able to control himself and attack the older Alpha openly threatening him in front of everybody in the room. It would be simple instinct, taking over like that, and even though he feared for him, and the terrible consequences he would have to face, there was a part of Sherlock that desperately wished for him to do it. Challenge the impossible Alpha who was abusing his power to intimidate his students, revealing an inherent flaw in his character which Sherlock could only despise him for.
“Alright.” Magnussen acknowledged the right answer graciously. Then he turned around, touching his finger to his chin as he tipped his head back, apparently considering another question.
John leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s still cold lips. He could feel the younger man tense underneath him and for a second he thought he had made the biggest mistake of his life but before he could pull back, Sherlock sighed and kissed him back.
“It really isn’t. But as much as I would like to keep chatting about your fascinating although predictable relationship with my brother, I fear we do not have the time. I called for another reason, obviously.”
And then he realized. Without moving a muscle in his face, he twisted his fingers a little bit, testing the boundaries of the ropes – and quickly found they were not as tight as he had thought them to be. He wriggled a little more and discovered with shock, that he would be able to free himself within seconds if he wanted to.
“The name’s Jack.” The man said as he exhaled his first cloud of smoke. “What’s your name, gorgeous?”
And it had gotten him through life just fine. He enjoyed his life like it was, loved being a consulting detective, and was very content with his existence at 221B Baker Street. Until John had stepped into it.
“Oh.” Sherlock cursed himself inwardly for inadvertently displaying such vulnerability out in the open, especially in front of his power-hungry Professor: he would certainly enjoy seeing him, the student that had dared challenge him in class, like this.
Sherlock made a noise that was something of a mixture of a groan and a whine. “Why, John, why are all these people harassing me? I – just – want – to -sleep, for Heaven’s sake!”
“Oh, I’m sorry!” John immediately said. “I didn’t want to keep you away from your friends all night!”
It made him feel queasy, being so close to this older Alpha and his woody whiskey scent. It reminded him too much of the moment between them, just a mere fifteen minutes ago when Magnussen had yelled at him like a madman. Sherlock was proud to call himself a strong independent person who did not cower away in the face of a conflict - but this particular situation had taken him completely by surprise: he had seen how Sebastian had shoved the microscope off the table and had at once recognized the rejected Alpha’s plans to take revenge on him. When Magnussen, a tall, older Alpha had suddenly stood in front of him, his eyes bulging in his fury, his raised flat hand an unspoken visible threat, he had found himself, unable to say or do anything, completely shell-shocked at the extreme fury suddenly directed at him. In retrospect, he hated himself for his pathetic passiveness but his nature had gotten the better of him that moment, leaving him a helpless recipient of excessive Alpha rage.
He disconnected that call as well. Shifting restlessly in his seat, he opened a drawer from his desk and took out a photo. It was the portrait of an attractive woman in her late forties, blonde silky hair pulled back into a loose ponytail, two single strands framing her hard but alluring face. The neon pink lipstick stood out against the cool black of her perfectly arranged black blouse. She wasn’t smiling.
They had been discovered by the two murdering siblings in the midst of Sherlock working his way through the remaining clues in their hideout. The consulting detective hadn’t even looked concerned when the brothers responsible for killing eight people in sixteen days had pointed their loaded guns on them and demanded they go with them.
“Here.” He gently grabbed Sherlock’s chin and pulled a little, so that his lips parted. He laid the pill onto Sherlock’s tongue and pressed the glass to his lips. “Drink this.” Sherlock’s head turned, away from the glass but John cupped his jaw and pulled him back towards him with gentle force. “Please, Sherlock. It’ll only take a second.”
“Alright, four.” Sherlock huffed dramatically, but they were both smiling at each warmly and something inside his chest was tugging. A warm fuzzy feeling filled him from the inside, his fingers feeling tingly, his whole body alight with pleasure, drunk on endorphins.
I had to make a cut here, the chapter was just getting longer and longer. The next chapter will pick up right where this ends.
Feeling anxious for leaving Sherlock alone for so long – it had been fifteen minutes now – he jogged back down the corridor to his friend’s room. When he approached the door, he listened for sounds from the other side: such as Sherlock’s loud protests of being forced to eat stupid hospital food or that it was too chilly in the room or whatever. But it was eerily quiet.
“There you are, “John said quietly, and a tired smile crept up his lips. “I thought you’d never wake up.”
“I’m sorry, John, “Greg murmured, “I tried to tell him that there was nothing special going on but then he heard the sirens in the background, and he cornered me. What should I have done? Lie? You know that wouldn’t have worked, he always knows when I try that.” He shrugged at John helplessly and John gave an imperceptible grunt. He knew it wasn’t Greg’s fault.
“How?” John asked, now feeling irritated himself. “We haven’t met before, have we? I haven’t told you anything as far as I know..” He wondered if one of his friends had blabbered about him to Scott. But he dismissed that idea quickly. They would have told him about meeting someone uncommon like Scott and the way Scott reacted to people didn’t suggest him talking to John’s friends as a likely possibility.
John’s brows arched up dangerously, but then he saw the smirk lurking around Sherlock’s lips and his eyes widened.
So John ate. It really tasted incredibly good and he cleaned away the whole plate. It seemed this whole thinking-about-his-life-thing had awakened his appetite.
Sherlock looked back up at the same time that John did and they both stared at each other like two deer in the headlights and John almost snorted at the ridiculous image appearing inside his head. But he caught himself in time and he jerked his head towards the kitchen with a little smile on his lips.
Sherlock frowned and John could read his thoughts easily. Alcohol was very seldomly an option for the brilliant detective because he despised the way it made people weak, made them lose themselves. Sherlock only ever drank when he was very, very frustrated with something or when it was needed in a case. So, John interrupted when his friend opened his mouth to refuse.
“You mean like that?” he said, and Sherlock felt a small surge of panic rising within him when he felt his back collide with the wall behind him in a vain attempt to avoid the other man. He made a small movement towards his right and at once Jack raised his arm to block his escape route, the other one as well as Sherlock drifted to the left. He was truly cornered.
As soon as he had sent the last text his phone lit up again, this time he was being called. By Mycroft. No, he couldn’t deal with him right now.
“Ha. Agreed.” John winked at him and Sherlock could feel sudden heat rise to his cheeks. He quickly buried his face in his pillow, hoping that John had not seen it.
The look of sheer astonishment on John’s face was delicious, but before he could see what he would actually say to Sherlock then, the memory faded away again, leaving him utterly frustrated at his own subconscious.
“Don’t embarrass yourself, Sebastian. The last time you fought another Alpha you had to flee with your tail tucked between your legs. It’s your right hook you know? It’s just not strong enough. Maybe you should take some boxing classes. Or maybe that’s not such a good idea. You’d risk losing more of your teeth and I wouldn’t recommend that after you’ve already lost two of them falling right on your face during that football game last term. Seems sports or fighting both are not your strong suits. A pity really, since you had hoped that physical skills would make up for the fact that your grades are just not good enough. At least not good enough to become a graduate assistant to Professor Keller. Failing in every area. Not very Alpha of you.”
Gently, John disentangled himself from his friend’s arm and then slipped outside to get the thermometer from the bathroom. His heart was beating in his chest as he frantically searched through his medical kit to find it, nearly throwing it all on the ground in his anxiousness when he couldn’t find it immediately.
Sudden pain exploded in his cheek and for an instant, the grey brightened up and the noise in his ears receded a bit. It returned but then the pain came back again, and Sherlock realized he was thrown a lifeline.
“No!” Mycroft took another step forward and got right into John’s face “No, I ask you to reconsider, Dr. Watson because I think you don’t see clearly. Do you have my brother’s best interest in mind? Because I don’t think you do right now. What good are you to him when you’re caught up in a month-long trial? How can you help him if you’re in prison? He needs you now. So I suggest you be
He smiled again, though it came out quite strained this time. “Mrs. Hudson, I’m not ill, “he said, irritation clear in his voice.
“I don’t suppose he has much of a choice, does he? The hospital won’t let him go if he’s not accompanied home by someone. Since you are occupied, I will be the one to do it even if he doesn’t like it. It’s either that or staying here.”
“I’ll see you later then, Sherlock!” John called after them but of course, he got no answer. He took a deep breath, trying not to keep calm. He had to talk to Sherlock later, for now, he would have to tend to his duties, he could reconcile with his friend afterwards. Hopefully.
She sighed. “I don’t like it. What about the rape kit? It’s important to collect evidence for sexual assault as quickly as possible, you must know that.”
“Sherlock, it’s me, John, “he choked out, his throat so tight he could barely breathe. He took Sherlock’s hand in his and stroked his cheek – the unhurt one – with his other hand. “I’m here now, Sherlock. Can you hear me?”
With this, he inclined his head towards the doors behind the students. “My assistants are outside and will turn away anyone showing up after 8:15. I will make absolutely no exceptions. I don’t want to know about you having overslept or your mother calling about your sick grandmother. I don’t want to know about your dead dog or the bad case of flu you recently suffered. I don’t want to hear any of it. I have strict rules in this classroom and if you want to be a part of it, you will abide by these rules.”
“Right, “John said quickly and after one last reassuring squeeze, John let go of his hand and hurried out of the bedroom to get the things he needed.
“I was extremely lucky, “Molly answered and John could hear the gratitude in her voice. “My parents have these friends, they live a few towns away and only visit once every often. One Easter, they came over and they brought their son with them, Tom. He was 22 and I was 19. He was an unmated Alpha. He has his own repair shop, for motorcycles you know and he works hard, he’s always at the shop and he usually doesn’t go out.  And well… we sort of hit it off right at the beginning. I don’t want to say it was love at first sight, because that sounds kind of lame...but well. We had a few dates and it was just so wonderful. He asked me to mate him after half a year of dating.”
Or the time they had taken on a gang of mad Chinese smugglers, even if having been abducted and almost killed next to his now-ex-girlfriend Sarah had been something he could have lived without. Then again, it had been incredibly exciting - forced to look death in the face, fighting for freedom within an inch of his life - it was in moments like these that he felt the most alive. Like a real person.
A feeling of dread settled in the pit of John’s stomach and he swallowed, trying to push away nausea threatening to rise in his throat. He needed to get the momentum back, quickly, before it was too late.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock and everything fitted into its right place. It didn’t feel weird or wrong to lay here in bed, cuddled against John, nestled into the strong, comforting wall of his body. It felt as if they were two pieces of a puzzle, the perfect match, only complete when they were together.
His jaw clenched as he remembered their last conversation. Or rather, their dispute. It seemed to him, they were always fighting now, and he deeply regretted that. He liked John very much, he was his best friend, no one understood him better than him.
His eyes fluttered shut as the sudden memory of other hands on his body, bigger and firmer, flashed through his mind.
“And why are you so cheerful this morning?” he asked as he shot an accusing look at his roommate. “It’s downright annoying.”
“What? You hadn’t deduced that from the fact that I prefer Glenfiddich over any other kind of whiskey? Or that I order Haggis at least once every year whenever I find a restaurant that serves it? Honestly Sherlock, you’re slacking.”
“Ta, Greg, I know.” John smiled at his friend with gratitude and they shared a short knowing look. Greg had seen him react to Sherlock’s abuse, both times. He had seen how John had almost blown his fuse at the sight of an injured, helpless Sherlock and he had stood by his side, defending him against his assailants, helping him without thinking twice. Sherlock was not always exactly nice to the DI and he could be a downright pain in the arse when the detective helped him along with cases, with all his bickering and insulting and rushing off crime scenes. But Greg still considered him a friend, someone worth fighting for, and John would be forever grateful for that.
“Here.” John’s palm opened and there was a small white pill. Realizing what was expected of him and desperate for some relief from the terrible pain in his head, Sherlock opened his mouth willingly, refusing to let the feeling of helplessness get to him. His being as an invalid was only temporary, what did it matter?
Greg turned an apologetic look at him. “I’m sorry, John. I can’t let you leave. In fact, I have to put you in detention, the Public Prosecutor’s Office is aiming to charge you with murder.”
“You see Mrs. Hudson, the drug was in the fog and there were pressure pads on the ground so that everyone going to that very spot in the forest would experience these hallucinations”, Sherlock was just saying as he danced around the room still clad in his Belstaff, waving his hands around to emphasize the dramatics of the whole thing.
Once again, he entered the cafeteria in absolute misery. He knew with certainty that his Monday way ruined and he couldn't help but slam the door behind him in a petty attempt to vent his anger.
“That could have gone really wrong, “John said eventually. “Tell me, do you have any sense of self-preservation?”
“How come, Mr. Holmes, “she growled as her hand darted forward to grab his knee, causing him to flinch involuntarily, “how come you’re breaking into my establishment, breaking into my offices and stealing information from me?” Her face shifted nearer to his and because he didn’t budge an inch, he could now see the wrinkles she didn’t want anybody to see.
“Come on Sherlock, “he wheezed, and he pressed his fingertips to his carotid artery as he hovered above him. But he couldn't find a pulse, and panic set in on the edge of his vision, threatening to overwhelm him completely. Ignoring the increasing ringing in his ears, he leaned over Sherlock's open mouth, desperately checking for breathing...which wasn't there.
With new determination John got up from the bench, then he remembered Greg and sent him a quick text.
“Why did you do it?” he asked again, nearly wincing at the sudden urgency in his tone. It almost sounded like a plea and that would simply not do.
“Yes, I believe you’re right, “Mycroft stated dryly as he took in Sherlock’s weary appearance, his unruly curls, the dressing gown slipping from his slumped shoulder, revealing the freshly dressed wound surrounded by naked vulnerable flesh. “Come, Inspector Lestrade. We should leave them to their well-deserved rest now.”
Greg just smirked again. “Nah. Just enjoy it, John. It seems edible and I’m sure you could do with a little soul food for comfort. Mycroft is an arrogant bastard, but it seems he is a useful one.”
He looked up as if he waited for Sherlock to accept his apology. Sherlock was torn though; the man’s posture and face undermined his words, but the apology never reached his eyes. “I’m sorry, I don’t really believe you, “he said curtly and turned to the bar’s entrance.
“Yeah, alright, “Mike gave in with a smile. “But we’ll go home at midnight and if you want me to look out for you you need to listen to me when I tell you to stop drinking.”
“What?” At last, Sherlock turned to him, his mouth twitching, and John could see in his face he was really upset now. “What, John?”
James took a swig of his beer, pushed it into John’s hand, and entered the dancefloor, a determined look on his face. John and Greg watched in fascination as their Alpha friend addressed the girl confidently, after which both of them immediately started dancing together, their arms wrapped around each other.
Scott snorted at that. “Oh, that’s rich. You’re the one who made a mistake but now you’re accusing me of being the arsehole. Really, that’s a first for me.”
“Yes? Just tell me, love, please?” He stroked the soft skin along the line of Sherlock’s face, his heart beating in his throat as his eyes rapidly darted over Sherlock’s trembling form, looking for injuries or indication that he was hurt and when he didn’t find any, trying to figure out what could be affecting Sherlock’s mental state instead.
Maybe Sherlock wouldn’t remember his attack. That would be a good thing, right? Well, he had to be told, of course. He had the right to know what had happened to him – and John gulped as he realized that he would have to be the one to tell Sherlock.
Something in her voice had changed and it made John stop again and study her intensely. When she noticed that he had stopped she looked back at him, raising her brows, asking him what was wrong silently.
The nurse took photographs from Sherlock’s lower half as well, although fortunately there weren’t as many injuries to detect there. Mainly a few bruises on thighs and knees, but there were the marks on the hips and bottom for which she had to ask Sherlock to pull down his underpants for a moment. John averted his gaze for this to give his friend some privacy.
“He was here an hour ago and asked how you were. You were still asleep then so I couldn’t tell him much. But he will return here in an hour and he’ll have a nurse with him to examine you.”
He winked and the girl giggled as she stood up and came over to their table, along with a couple of friends. John quickly downed his glass of beer and started to flirt heavily. When the Beta girl sat on his lap and pulled him in for a snog, he let her, enjoying the feeling of her wet tongue in his mouth, her hand around his neck pulling him closer. Her name was Tonya, and he grinned triumphantly as she added her contact info to his phone, ignoring his teammates winking and leering at them from all sides.
“Did he penetrate your mouth with his penis? Did he penetrate your anus with his penis, mouth, or his fingers?” she asked.
John was all but ready to dispose of his bonds and jump the man. Before he could do that, however, Sherlock rolled his eyes again and spoke, his low baritone refusing to betray even a hint of fear.
His voice had gotten louder and more heated with every word, whereas John Watson’s eyes grew wider with every word being spat in his face. But before Sherlock could continue his verbal onslaught, he was interrupted by the very target of his aggression, unexpectedly pushing forward right into his personal space.
Suddenly, they made a sharp turn to the right and though Sherlock’s eyes were barely open he managed to make out a few blurry objects appearing at their sides ….
He remembered the way he had made love to her in his mansion in Sheffield in front of his fireplace. A wistful smile curled his lips when he remembered when she had given him the extremely rare Brown Lilac stamp for his birthday on New Year’s Eve two years ago. He had been extremely pleased about that. Collecting rare stamps was one of the few real luxuries he allowed himself to indulge in.
“Sherlock, calm down.” John was really sorry for his words and he wanted him to know that. When he reached out to him, Sherlock recoiled at once and John stopped his movement, wincing in regret. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.” Sherlock glared at him and John just wanted to reach out, stroke his cheek, and tell him everything was gonna be alright and that he was so sorry that he had hurt him, he just wanted him to take him in his arms and hold him tight so he wouldn’t have that hurt look in his face anymore.
“Mr. Williams, was it?” Magnussen asked with a strained smile. He looked as if he tried to appear sympathetic as if he was talking to a child that didn’t understand what the adults were talking about, although his face still remained cold and distanced.
Greg came to bid him goodnight at ten o’clock and the lights were turned off, but John didn’t stop his thinking.
“Okay, shall we check your flat?” Greg asked, a little breathlessly. “Maybe it was really just a friendly stranger who took pity on him and got him home. It’s not that far.”
He couldn’t resist. He leaned forward until their faces were on the verge of touching and made sure his eyes were focussed on hers. “Because you were simply so dumb and gave me the opportunity, “he spat out. “You had a man killed. You’re shipping people into this country in order to enslave them, force them into prostitution.”
“No, I don’t accept your apology, “Scott said bluntly, without looking up from his notes, continuing to scribble something, the words adding up so quickly, they became a blur to John above from where he was hovering over Scott.
The heat rose in Sherlock’s cheeks when he realized that John had only been a very short distance away, as Sherlock had indulged in his indiscrete John-inspired fantasies, barely refraining from touching himself. He could only hope that John would not see his embarrassing thoughtlessness in his eyes.
She paused, her face red with the anger she had worked herself up into. John watched in sympathy and fascination as she took a deep breath, looking away from him. Her display of anger was a little different than he was used to seeing on others, or even on himself: she was more subtle, less obvious in her fury. She wasn’t yelling or gesturing wildly, her posture markedly non-aggressive in every way. But still, it was there and he could see that it was just as strong and justified as in any other person and something within him stirred. It wasn’t right that she was being treated like this just because she was an Omega. It wasn’t right that she didn’t have the same rights as anyone else, and his inner Alpha howled at the injustice.
“What about you?” John asked Greg after a moment of silence, nudging him in the side, “who do you fancy?”
“Yes, in the middle of our very heated argument, “John answered guiltily. “I’m really sorry, Sherlock, I shouldn’t have yelled at you, I wasn’t thinking.” Sherlock looked at him in soft surprise and he grinned weakly. “Well, if I remember it right, I was yelling, too, so don’t worry about it too much.” John looked at him gratefully, glad that his friend didn’t want to linger on the delicate matter.
“Okay, alright, I’ll let it slide for now, “Greg said, rubbing a hand over his face wearily, “just go, we’ll sort it out later.”
“Well. The older Mr. Holmes told me to call him if Sherlock refused to obey my orders or if he got worse and then he left. I cooked Mr. Holmes some dinner – his brother had some foot delivered here – and Mr. Holmes ate a small portion. Originally, I wanted him to eat more but then he looked at me with such …. I don’t know what to call it – desperation? And I just couldn’t force him to eat more. It took him half an hour to choke down the little he had on his plate, and I figured it was enough for now. He let me look at his shoulder afterward as well as dress the wound anew. Everything seemed fine, he even let me take his temperature and that was fine, too.”
John looked at him in surprise. He hadn’t seen that one coming. Mycroft Holmes was always so cool, always so in control of his emotions, and most of the time John wasn’t even sure there were any emotions that Mycroft needed to control. But maybe
He listened for sounds from Sherlock’s bedroom, but everything was quiet. Apparently, Sherlock was sleeping. Or he was in his mind palace where he wouldn’t make any sounds either, sitting statue-like in silent deduction mode. Frozen, but within, his mind would be alive like a whirring hive of bees, working and analysing without pausing to rest.
“Who are you?” Victor Trevor asked harshly. The Alpha’s eyes roamed over John’s body as if he was trying to measure his physical strength from mere visual judgment.
The next thing he realized was the fact that he felt like he had been run over by a truck. His whole body ached with strain and exhaustion from the fever that had wrecked it. His head was pounding with an agonizing headache. The inside of his mouth felt like cotton and his throat was parched from dryness. He would give anything for just a sip of water.
Sherlock, however, was shivering, trembling all over his thin body. He tried to make himself warm by curling into himself and when John touched his arm, Sherlock pulled at it, trying to pull him towards his body, seeking his warmth although he was still asleep.
“What about the perpetrator”? was Mycroft’s next question and Greg filled him on in the man’s condition. Mycroft seemed to muse a little then he looked at Greg and said: “Inspector Lestrade, please don’t worry about charges against Dr. Watson here. There won’t be any.”
“Because …” John gathered all his courage. “You don’t like hospitals and you had just been released from Barts. You were scared and angry, frustrated afterwards. I didn’t want you forced into yet another situation like that against your will. I wanted you to feel safe...at home.”
It had felt suffocating, to say the least. So when he had arrived here at Durham, allowing strangers to talk to him or work with him on group assignments had been one of the easiest things. To tell the truth, it had been exhilaratingly liberating. Never had he enjoyed such an amount of freedom for himself. He was extremely lucky to occupy one of the rare single rooms in the dorm, courtesy of his interfering big brother. No one ever came in there, so he could do whatever he wanted. It was a space just for himself where he spent hours, studying, reading, listening to music, doing research on his laptop.
He must have looked a little surprised because she smiled and leaned a little closer. “Because I’m an Omega, you know?”
He resumed running, always looking left and right, growing more impatient by the second. Sherlock had been here just a few minutes ago! He had to find him before he was whisked away and kidnapped in earnest.
John took a few more steps, his head tilted to the side as he still tried to pick up any sounds but still, he wasn’t rewarded. He stopped, unsure of what to do. Swallowing hard, he became aware of his heart pounding in his chest. A knot of anxiety twisted in the pit of his stomach and he suddenly didn’t know how to face whatever situation he was stepping into. Somehow, he felt he was at a turning point. Something was about to change soon in his life, and he didn’t know if he was ready for it.
“There you are, little brother, “he said with open relief, and he leaned back, letting out a weary sigh. “You really had me worried there.”
He had been arrogant, stupid, and blind. Anyone who behaved like he had deserved to suffer the consequences of his actions.
“Okay, I know that now, “John replied slowly, trying to regulate his rapidly increasing breathing. “But how can you think that I would want to be anywhere else than here with you? I’m your best friend, remember?”
Susanna Bendick had been a vain woman but there had always been a kind of insecurity about her, only growing worse with every year she got older. She had been baring her teeth at the few younger women lurking around in her vicinity, trying to get a few scraps from her cake but she wouldn’t let them.
Sherlock was nearly unconscious now. His eyes were closed, although rapid movements under his eyelids revealed his mind’s unwillingness to calm down. He was still trembling all over and his head occasionally jerked from side to side. He was incredibly pale and there were beads of sweat running down the side of his face, so John took a tissue out of his pocket to wipe them away in a few soothing, soft motions.
But then he saw him. Dark curls, tall thin frame, clad in a dark jacket. He was at the end of the corridor, just about to exit the building. Smiling in relief, John started to sprint towards him.
“Nonsense, “Mike said firmly, “you just have a little crush that’s gone wrong. Don’t beat yourself up about it.”
John expected Sherlock to have another fit and he was half-ready to jump in at any second should Sherlock faint again or need medical attention in any other way. If he really did faint again maybe it was better to send him to the hospital after all. Maybe it was better to be safe than sorry. Then again, Sherlock would most definitely not agree and would throw another tantrum then and there if not later at the hospital, and that too would of course not help either. John sighed heavily and looked at his watch.
Sherlock opened his mouth as if to hurl more unwarranted insults at the man, but he caught John’s subtle shake of the head, his blue eyes pleading him to please keep his mouth shut – and surprisingly enough, he shut it again.
Mycroft turned slowly, glaring at his little brother silently, whereas Greg, to John’s amazement, blushed.
“So beautiful for me. So hot. I have something nice for you too, baby, “the voice said and that’s when John heard a second voice, a voice he recognized in an instant even if it didn’t sound like it normally would.
“Ah there you are, John!” Another strange voice next to him suddenly piped up. Sherlock turned his head in profound confusion but he couldn’t really concentrate on the new face because his legs were starting to fail him again and he shuddered helplessly as he felt strong arms pull him into an unexpected hug which also quite practically prevented him from falling down again.
“Where is he now? Can I see him?” He knew he was not exactly presenting the proper image of the cool-headed professional doctor right now, but he couldn’t help it. He was worried about his friend, let the doctor think what he wanted.
The call ended and John felt strangely comforted. Here was a man he didn’t like very much. A cold, distanced man who never talked about anything emotional, only about business. And yet, he felt as if they had just made a connection, simply by caring deeply for the same man. A man that was hard to look after and that was difficult to keep close and because this man was so unique and the relationships both of them had with him respectively were also very unique, they were somehow bonded to each other. It was strange because John and Mycroft would never ever have something to do with each other- were it not for one Sherlock Holmes.
“Consider yourself lucky for having such a capable doctor at your side, Sherlock. And such a good friend as well.”
He disconnected the call, then threw his phone onto the desk in disgust. Ugh, did he have to do everything by himself?
“So hot, John, “he croaked as he edged closer to him, angling his lean body towards him. “I- I can’t …. John ….” He was breathing heavily again, shifting anxiously, and John quickly pushed him back against the pillow, stroking his curls reassuringly.
“But...it’s one of the most difficult courses in the entire studies of medicine. Why would you choose such a course if you could just do one of the courses from your own faculty that would certainly be less hard?”
“Yes, I’m sure my brother can take care of that, “Sherlock said sourly, and he stood up. “I’ll lay down now if you don’t mind.”
She completely ignored him and began bustling about in the flat, cleaning things up, starting to make the tea. Sherlock sighed and resigned himself to his fate. She would have to leave sooner or later when there was nothing to do. Mycroft, too. And then he could finally have some peace.
John Watson, former army doctor, Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers was a little nervous.
But when he looked into those warm, gentle eyes he suddenly found himself unable to form a coherent sentence, closing and opening his mouth again.
“You do realize he killed that woman to save your life?” Mycroft asked sharply. “He did it for you, Sherlock.”
He needed to catch him before he was lost in the huge crowds that were sure to be outside during break time.
John couldn’t wait any longer, he turned and jogged down the street. Even if they didn’t find Sherlock maybe they would find clues as to where to find him or who had taken him. He barely noticed Greg joining him at his side and together they wandered down the street, looking right and left as well as on the ground. Maybe they’d find a button from Sherlock’s coat or his scarf or maybe…
John eventually forced himself to avert his gaze to take some notes too. It wouldn’t do to miss out on the very basics of the course. If he wanted to see that kid again - hopefully, every week on Mondays during this course - he would need to do his best and keep up with Magnussen’s workload. He was sure that the malicious man would test his students regularly just because he could, and expel anyone who messed up even a little bit. With a grim smile on his lips, he swore to himself that he would study hard to keep up and eventually pass the class.
There were pictures instead of light. Pictures of him and John, from the very first day of their meeting until today.
“Are you serious?” Sherlock looked from one brother to the other in shocked disbelief. “You’re not angry at him? But he went behind your back, he put you at risk for going out on his own, he could have ruined everything for you!”
“Doctor Watson, “Dimmock said with spite in his voice, “good morning. Are you ready to tell some truths today?”
Sherlock was trying to say something, but John was in a fit now, rage boiling up inside him suddenly, inexplicably, making him jump off his bed and flail his arms around angrily.
John was sure Greg was staring at him in disbelief, but he didn’t bother to look, and he didn’t care. It didn’t matter. He was tired now and he wanted to lie down and not see anybody.
“I’m afraid time’s over, Dr. Watson. Please hang tight and enjoy your dinner. Get some sleep. Do not worry about Sherlock, he’s being taken care of. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He gently lifted Sherlock’s legs and pulled the wool blanket from his legs. He drew in a sharp breath when he saw the scratch marks on Sherlock’s hips he hadn’t seen before. Ignoring his once-again swelling anger he made quick work of putting the pants onto his sleeping friend, followed by the shirt. Sherlock was a dead weight in his arms and his head lolled to the side with every movement.
All of a sudden, Sherlock pulled back violently, as if he had been struck. “Oh God, John, I’m sorry!” He scrambled back, his eyes wide open in shock, mirroring John’s own.
“That’s just it, Greg, “John said, starting to pace up and down the sidewalk in front of the pub. “How could he have been so drunk? He only drank two glasses of beer, that’s not enough to put him into a state like that.”
“I guess I could promise you to try to change. I would really try, John. I would try not to just run off when we are at crime scenes. I would try to inform you about anything I discover in my mind palace or any information I come across when we’re not together. I would try and avoid provoking criminals into hurting me when I’m in some kind of a helpless situation. I would try and take care of myself, so I don’t get killed someday.”
John grinned. “Yes, you remembered that right. But my grandmother was born and bred in Glasgow.” Sherlock stared at him incredulously and John chuckled in obvious delight.
His mind couldn’t help but analyze the changes in his body, as was his typical pattern. His eyes lit up as he reached a razor-sharp deduction: he was drunk.
Greg noticed Sherlock’s hesitance as well and he leaned forward. “Sherlock, this is important. You don’t want that bastard to walk away free from this, do you? He deserves to go to prison for what he did you, that sick piece of filth.” Greg’s emotions finally seeped through and John spontaneously thought that it was probably prohibited that he filed these charges because he knew Sherlock and was biased. But that wasn’t important right now, what was important was that that monster who had attacked Sherlock was getting his comeuppance.
Helpless anger took over for a moment and he slapped him in the face, hard. “Wake up, you daft git, I said wake up!”
After being instructed on how to conduct their experiment by Magnussen’s assistants, the students got started. They put on the protective equipment and took the tools they needed from the table in the center of their respective workplaces. John and Mason had been assigned the
He opened his eyes, ready to leave the uncomfortable situation he had just gone through behind and get on to his next class, when he suddenly realized that someone was standing right in front of him, blocking his view to the corridor. Simultaneously he became aware of a strong scent of matured whiskey permeating the air around him and he looked up in a frown at the unexpected intrusion.
“No buts, Mr. Holmes,” she admonished, and she grabbed his arms firmly, ignoring his wince at her rough touch. It took her just a minute to disentangle his arms from the cables which she laid over the EEG machine. “Now be a good boy and get into bed again.”
“Alright, Mr. Holmes, I’m glad you’ve changed your mind, “he said, ignoring Sherlock’s annoyed eye-rolling. “The nurse will administer some pain medication and we’ll hook you up to an EEG just to make sure your brain’s functioning normally. You really ought to sleep then and I’ll see you tomorrow at ward round.”
“Yeah?” John looked hopeful again and warmth bloomed in Sherlock’s chest at the sight of that adorable eagerness.
John smiled weakly and allowed Mike to wrap his arm around his shoulder and drag him towards the cafeteria. But not even the thought of pie could make him feel better about the dreadful conversation he just had and the image of Scott Williams’ lovely face, the expression on it turning bitter and angry because of John’s words, stayed with him on the way to lunch.
He watched in horror, as a single tear made its way down Sherlock’s cheek, and he desperately wanted to wipe it away, stop more unexpected tears from flowing somehow.
“I  don’t have to explain myself to you” Scott retorted. “It’s just what it is. Can your stupid Alpha brain accept that? Do you understand what I’m saying, or do I have to put it into even simpler words?”
“Uhm, I’m afraid I can’t tell you, Mrs. Hudson. Maybe ask Sherlock about it later, okay?” he murmured.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s lips pressed into a thin line. “He threatened to call Mummy and Dad, tell them everything that happened. That’s of course an infeasible thought, so that’s that.”
“Shall I go, Sherlock?” John asked quickly but Sherlock just looked at him quietly and shook his head. He pulled off his trousers and stood there with just his underpants on. His nakedness in combination with all the cuts and bruises on his skin made him look very vulnerable again and John felt such a sudden surge of protectiveness towards him, it almost hurt. He wanted this examination to be over. He wanted Sherlock to feel safe again, not to be poked and prodded by a stranger over and over again. He deserved some peace and quiet after the ordeal he had been through.
“I know.” John chuckled as he kissed him once again, just a small tiny kiss on those gorgeous lips. “Me too.”
that guy?” Mike breathed out, and John would very definitely like to know too because he certainly hadn’t seen that kid until today. If he had, he definitely would have noticed him.
The tea tasted wonderful and John felt himself relax a little. He had some more and slowly, the stiffness left his body. He looked at Sherlock’s sleeping form, facing the wall and he felt a pang of regret and affection at the same time. It was truly exhausting feeling this way. He looked at his watch. Fifty minutes until Mycroft would be there.
“Then we have to make him see that he’s not allowed to do that.” Greg’s face was grim with determination and John was touched by his investment in this matter. He really was a good friend to Sherlock, even if Sherlock was too blind to really see it.
He held Sherlock as his body was shaking with the effort of vomiting and he caught Greg’s face observing them, looking very worried.
“You’re crazy, you know that?” John asked, as he caught up with his friend on the street, out of breath from the hectic business of dressing and getting himself ready as if his life depended on it.
Thinking on his feet, he grabbed Sherlock by the back of his head, pulled him to his own body, and pushed his lips against Sherlock’s. Only then did he raise his hand to force Sherlock’s mouth open as he desperately breathed a lungful of air into the lifeless man. It almost depleted his own level of oxygen and he forced the brief rush of panic down. He also knew that it wasn’t much, that Sherlock needed much more air, but he hadn’t any more to give. It just had to suffice for now.
He still hadn’t changed his position and was still staring at the wall, lying on his side. He was feeling empty. Hollow. Although he had tried to avoid it, his mind was racing through the events of the past days. He thought of the fight in the hospital and his mean words to Sherlock. They still made him wince, even in the sorry state that he was in and he was still angry at himself for saying them.
Rolling his eyes at Gino’s following comments, useless and stupid as they were, he imitated the man babbling away to himself until he finally stopped him.
Magnussen started talking so John had no choice but to keep quiet. The feeling of nausea from before returned with a vengeance. It was even worse now, and he pressed the back of his right hand to his mouth, as he tried to process what just had happened. His mind was already rapidly going over every word that had been exchanged between them, trying to pinpoint where or when it had gone wrong and it was only when he was gently nudged in the side by a regretful-looking Mike that he realized he had not been paying attention to the lecture at all and that Magnussen had already started asking students questions from the textbook. He tried to push Scott out of his thoughts which proved difficult when the bloke was sitting right in front of him with his stupid gorgeous hair and his beautiful long neck so he forced his gaze away, following Magnussen’s movements through the room.
“Alright, can you please tell me everything that you remember from yesterday’s events? And I mean everything, even if you can’t remember it clearly. I know there are many hazy things, but every little detail helps so please do try to be thorough.” Greg leaned forward as he waited for Sherlock to talk.
He also hoped that Sherlock would consent to the rape kit being done. He wanted that man to pay for what he had done. He wanted him to rot in prison and maybe get a taste of his own medicine.
He was looking at Sherlock with a sort of cautious nervousness, apparently expecting him to snap at him indignantly, dismissing his concern as silly and unnecessary.
“Because I’m interested in the topic, “Scott said, the irritation returning to his voice. ”You know … I feel like I’m being subjected to an interrogation I didn’t agree to. I’m not in the mood for a game of twenty-one questions.”
He reached into the man’s breast pocket and pulled out a black pen. “Interesting, “he mused, “this belongs to him, the killer would not have left it with him, so we should go to his house and see if there’s anything he has written with it but I’d say he has written a lot with it because it’s nearly empty and he’s carrying it with him which means this pen means something to him or the messages he writes with it do. Messages he probably wrote to the woman who left the smear of lipstick on his neck.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sherlock snapped. “This is my home, I can throw you out of here anytime I want to!”
“What? Why?” John asked, frowning when his friends snorted with laughter clasping each other’s shoulders. Apparently, in contrast to him, they were affected by the alcohol they had been drinking.
John swallowed heavily. He took Sherlock’s hands into his as he tried to find the right words in his mind to explain to Sherlock what had happened to him. But he just couldn’t form any coherent sentence which resulted in him sitting there opening and closing his mouth silently like a bloody damn fish.
John’s brow furrowed in irritation. “Of course.” He followed the other man swiftly into the ICU, down the corridor, into one of the patient’s rooms. There was Sherlock, sitting on the bed with his legs dangling down over the edge, naked torso and a bandage around his head, half-hidden by the mop of curls around it. He looked like he had gone through the wringer, the colour of his skin greyer than should be healthy, yet his friend was not resting as he was supposed to. A nurse was arguing with him or rather, Sherlock was arguing with her.
John who was still staring at Dimmock as if he wanted to run him through with a sword, eventually dropped his gaze and sat back down, too.
Magnussen’s eyebrows shot up. “Very good,“ he said in mock admiration, his voice dripping with condescendence and John’s heart pounded in his chest as he forced himself to keep looking at him. Magnussen’s gaze lingered on him curiously, before his lips curled up in a mocking smile. Then he turned and moved on.
“John, you’re exaggerating, “Sherlock smiled at him. “I’m fine, you know I can deduce myself. My heart rate is normal, as is my breathing. Blood pressure is fine, no temperature I’d bet. No nausea either, so you can rest assured, alright?”
He let himself be taken back to his cell and he lay down on his cot, curling into a ball immediately, facing away from the door.
Shocked silence spread through the room and Magnussen’s cold stare even caused one or two pupils to gasp in horror.
“I only thought it would be better for you; “Sherlock interceded quickly, “I didn’t want to hurt your feelings, John, nothing was further from my mind!”
He didn’t miss people. He didn’t need anyone. He was happy where he was. He wasn’t interested in friendships or heaven forbid, dating. Other people were tedious. They talked too much and they always wanted something from him he wasn’t willing to give. He only offered the absolute minimum of what was expected and that was it. Molly and Greg were nice enough for the occasional cup of tea but that was as far as it got.
The pounding of his heart against his ribcage was only getting worse, so John bit his tongue, trying not to think about the way Scott’s hair fascinated him, the colour ranging from warm chestnut to a deeper tone of dark chocolate; the way the curls fell, unruly and still so elegant, all in all looking soft and rich and perfect and John wanted to reach out and run his fingers through it, bury his nose in it to catch the scent of his shampoo. But all did was lean forward and say...
“Did you make up a little game, how to belittle the young Beta you couldn’t impress beforehand? How to make him fall for you so he would agree to go out with you after all?”
He raised both his hands to quiet his friends down as they continued to cheer at him like a bunch of bloody idiots.
“It’s always the same with you! You just can’t resist it, can you? You always have to do that, keep poking at them, angering them, when you know it just makes them snap.”
A pale, lanky student in the first row on the right side, his bright green eyes focussed on the pacing professor, pencil ready in his bony hand. John was struck by how beautiful the guy was.
Girls of various ages and types threw him flirty or shy looks as he quickly made his way to the cafeteria, trying not to run in his haste to be punctual. He managed to wink at one brunette girl he had seen around somewhere and grinned when she blushed hard as he passed her by.
Scott’s eyes darkened, suddenly ablaze with rapidly increasing fury. “Not fair? That’s rich coming from you. You arrogant Alphas thinking you’re so much better than everyone else, taking and touching other people as you seem fit no regardless of whether they want it or not, that is not fair!”
They kissed without involving their tongues and it was perfect. It was sweet and tender and everything John would have wished a perfect first kiss to be. He had the most beautiful, most brilliant, and clever, and kind person in the world in his arms and he would never let him go again. Sherlock was practically melting against him and John sighed as Sherlock’s mouth pulled back a little, breathlessly panting for air, as his chest heaved heavily against John’s.
“Yes, and what are you getting out of it?” Sherlock took another step forward, watching as John Watson’s eyebrow twitched at the sudden closeness. “Possibly ruining your reputation in front of the Professor, having to pay for that expensive microscope... you cannot expect me you took all that on you just because you’re such a nice bloke! No, I don’t want to hear your stupid excuses”, he added, cutting off another attempt of John to speak.
“No, I mean it, Sherlock. You really have to take better care of yourself. You always run around, doing what you want, snooping around in villainous lairs and dark alleyways, no matter how many dangers you’re walking into but someday it’s going to bite you in the ass, and then you won’t be so lucky ending up with a simple concussion. I know its only
“I wanted it to be a surprise, “Charles said, and his head whipped to Sherlock, a look of utter disdain suddenly on his face.
“Really? So you would have been fine on your own when you were drugged and almost raped by that stranger in the park three days ago? Or killed by that woman in the basement yesterday? Hm?” Mycroft’s stare was intense, and Sherlock forced himself not to look away, although he truly was at a loss for what to say.
Sherlock's mind managed to register the unusual concern of the young man – you wouldn’t find so many people being nice to strangers nowadays – he probably should give this place a great review on Yelp to repay him. But then he lost the thought again as he was lifted into a more upward position by the foreign strong arms holding him.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at that but couldn’t suppress a weak grin at John’s sudden eagerness to go wild.
John took another large gulp of air, his breathing finally slowing down, taking the opportunity to try to catch the young man’s scent as subtle as possible. He could detect a very faint aroma that reminded him of almonds and apples and interestingly, there was a touch of lemongrass. It lacked the spicy, musky notes typical of Alphas, nor did it possess the excessive sweetness that Omegas supposedly gave off. John had never scented an Omega before but any Omega here on campus would have to be bonded and he had heard that you’d be able to detect if a person was bonded right at the first scenting. This bloke in front of him did not smell bonded. Which meant that the lad in front of him was ….
John was surprised at this unsuspected admission of feelings. It wasn’t something you witnessed with the cold, unapproachable person of Mycroft Holmes.
“Ugh, “he finally groaned into his phone, “You know what? I don’t need to listen to this crap. Deal with it. I’ll give you 24 hours, you know what happens if you haven’t dealt with them until then. You know the deal, I’ll call him. Yes, you’ve heard right. Him. Yeah, bye.”
He left the corridor where all his childhood memories were stored and took another flight of stairs to one of the largest corridors of his mind palace: the one where everything that had to do with John was stored. It was the biggest because unlike the other rooms he regularly returned to in order to delete unnecessary information this corridor only got larger, never smaller. For some reason, his mind refused to delete any information regarding John, a fact which he often despaired about but couldn’t change all the same. Apparently, John was so interesting and important to him, that he wouldn’t delete even the tiniest information about him and be it the way the man liked his coffee.
And John cared. He had cared for him from the very start. That’s why he had followed him and that crazy cab driver to the abandoned college and shot him, saving him from making a very unwise decision which could possibly have resulted in his death.
“I said no, “he said, a little louder, his eyes a little clearer than before. “Please, John, I don’t want to go!”
“What’s wrong, John? You’re practically jumping up and down in your chair and you’re glancing over your shoulder every few seconds. Do you maybe also have to go the loo?”
“You still owe me an explanation, “he insisted, staring into John Watson’s eyes as he waited for his answer. He needed to know, he must know why the other man had stepped in to help him.
He had no way of knowing and Sherlock almost howled in frustration, torn inside in the face of all this unsolicited, dreadful doubt. He wasn’t used to feeling like this.
Something about John’s behaviour towards him was off. Something, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
Sherlock was inclined to let him speak, the anger within him simmering down enough now that he had a minute to breathe: sensing that he had allowed his temper to get the better of him he realized that it would be a good thing to calm down and speak reasonably with the Alpha. But then he caught the eye of Victor Trevor, walking down the corridor next to Sebastian Wilkes. The tall Alpha smirked as soon as he saw Sherlock looking at him and he pointedly glanced him up and down as he passed the three of them by, a condescending huff leaving his lips, dismissing them with an air of disgust. This immediately caused Sherlock’s stomach to twist in renewed ire and the words tumbled out of his mouth before he could stop himself, cutting John off just as he was about to speak.
“You insufferable control freak, I’ve never asked you to do this! Just leave me alone, will you? I just want some peace and quiet, dammit!”
But John was sure he was far from being fine. He had refused to talk about that first attack, had been in total denial that it was normal feeling terrified after being assaulted. And now, a second attack. From what it had looked like, it even seemed to have been partly sexual as well. The way that vile woman had pushed her gun in and out of his friend’s mouth …. He felt sick just thinking about it. What was wrong with some people? He just hoped the damage done to Sherlock’s psyche wasn’t too bad, but his hopes weren’t very high. He had to ask Sherlock what exactly had happened in that room. He had to know. If Sherlock weren’t willing to talk to a therapist, that was fine but then he would have to talk to him instead. He was no psychologist, but he was his best friend and he had to force him to confront his fears. He had to be gentle tough, he wouldn’t bring the matter up too quickly. First, they had to get him out of the hospital and make him rest so that he would get well quickly. He would have to watch out that Sherlock wouldn’t slip out again. He would take two weeks off work.
“Well, he came out in the middle of the night and curled up on the couch. He settled into position and then he was just …. gone. The older Mr. Holmes told me what that is, it’s called …. a mind palace, I think? Well, he went there, and he didn’t move until nine in the morning. A colleague was here, so I could sleep a little and she told me that he hadn’t moved while I was sleeping either. She left and I made breakfast. I had to shake him awake and he was really startled when I did that. He ate his breakfast without any motivation whatsoever, and he let me look at his wound again, but he seemed …. I don’t know, completely shut down. As if he didn’t care. It was a little as if he were sleepwalking. He ate, he moved, he spoke, but almost as if he weren’t really alive. I must admit, I was scared a little.”
That is, until now. Momentarily, it seemed that John was unable to give Sherlock the space he needed. Usually, he understood that Sherlock was unwilling to talk about every single thing that occupied his mind and he respected his boundaries. But after that unfortunate incident in the park, John seemed restless, almost anxious and he drove Sherlock crazy with all his mother-henning.
But he was also free to go wherever he wanted - on campus at least. Naturally, he often went to the library. If it was not to study or research for a specific work assignment or paper, it was just to browse by himself, research whatever topic he was currently interested in. And there were a lot of topics he was interested in: criminology, chemistry, physics, medicine, biology, you name it. He was thirsty for knowledge and he could never get enough information once he had found a subject he wanted to sink his teeth into.
They were the ones responsible for Susanna’s death. They were the ones responsible for the exposure of their London establishment, forcing him and his partners to relocate, costing them millions of pounds.
In a sudden surge of rage he couldn’t control he leaned down and grabbed the woman’s collar with both hands, pulling her up and shaking her violently as if she weighed nothing. “What have you done to him?! What kind of a sick person are you?!”
John was alone then, and he let himself fall unto his designated chair heavily. However, after a few seconds of restless fidgeting on the chair, he jumped up again. He was feeling incredibly antsy.
Sherlock moved as if in a daze. He let himself be sat down by John and stared at the empty cup he set in front of him as if it were a complete mystery to him. John was quite worried and tried to distract himself by making the tea.
“You...Sherlock….You’re everything to me, “John whispered, and he leaned forward, his face only inches away from Sherlock’s now.
Mycroft chuckled. “That’s my brother for you. He’ll claw his way out of a hospital if he has to. He’s tired now but watch out tomorrow. He’ll fight tooth and nail to be released.”
He knew that speaking to Scott again would be a terrible idea and he had resolved not to do so. But he also knew that he couldn’t rely on his rationality because he knew from past experience that his brain tended to go offline at the sight of the pale young man with the beautiful dark curls and the ridiculously full lips. He had acted upon instinct the two last times he had seen him. Who knew if he wouldn’t do something similar stupid again today?
Sherlock groaned but refused to wake and John propped up a large pillow against the bedhead. Gently, he pulled Sherlock’s body upwards and hoisted him so that he lay with his upper body against the pillow. Sherlock groaned some more, and John winced in sympathy.
Sherlock sighed dramatically as he threw himself back into the sofa: “Well, I suppose there’s nothing else to do.” John just grinned and switched the channel. They watched that show for a while and this one wasn’t quite so funny. It was a sort of crime-documentary show and Sherlock watched it intently, for once desisting from making snarky comments every few seconds.
“What?” She pushed her face forward and licked at his earlobe in a very provocative obscene gesture. “Are you not attracted to me? Is this boring to you, too? You don’t seem bored, honey. I can feel your heart racing, you know.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and let himself be carried away to where John’s beautiful voice was taking him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in response. “Oh please. It took me only one look at the crime scene and his bathroom to make the connection to your ‘establishment’. You have committed crimes you need to be punished for and I am the person who brings you that punishment. Why must you criminals always ask such stupid questions? It’s annoying and quite frankly, also very boring.”
This whole situation was making him quite nervous, more than he was comfortable with, and he knew that he needed to address matters soon. First things first though.
“Hey, John Watson!” he called out again without thinking. He rushed down the hall, his right hand outstretched, the other struggling to maneuvre his heavy black bag around his shoulder, huffing in irritation when it cost him more effort than he could afford at the moment, making him almost trip over his own feet.
He eventually gave up and sank to the floor on his knees, burying his head in his hands. Never ever had he been forced to leave his mind palace without any answers to his questions at all. Never.
“Sherlock. I was so worried about you when you disappeared from me. Again. I was going mad trying to find you, you can ask Greg. I only want you to be safe, don’t you understand?”
Sweet oxygen finally filled Sherlock’s lungs and he inhaled gratefully, his gaze still fixed on his best friend. After a few minutes, his breathing calmed down, he felt his heartbeat drop to normal again. He took a deep breath and opened his eyes again. John was observing him intensely and Sherlock was touched to see the relief in his eyes.
But what about his feelings for him? Was he in love with him, too? Did he want...them to be together? Together as in...a relationship?
Magnussen’s smile could almost be called creepy as his lips twitched and his hand went to his face, stroking over his salt-and-pepper beard as if to cover his smile behind his hand.
She did look nice though. Her long black hair was pulled into a high ponytail, she was dressed in a short black skirt and a red sleeveless top. Dark red lipstick accentuated her pretty mouth and John thought that she indeed looked hot. He shouldn’t be concerned with her casual intimacy, he was aiming for them to jump into bed together at the end of the evening, wasn’t he?
“I did it for you, Scott, “he then said, still not looking at him. “I saw what happened. I saw that Sebastian was the one who pulled the microscope down, he and Victor were obviously trying to frame you, make Professor Magnussen angry at you for breaking his expensive tool. I saw that and I realized that the Professor would not listen to me if I told him the truth. He likes those Alphas, it was obvious from the way he talked to Victor during the class last week. It’s also obvious that he is biased against you. You made him appear weak in front of our class, right at the beginning. You are so young and only at the beginning of your studies, yet you answered all of his questions without fail, something he did absolutely not expect. And the class after, you challenged him with all your questions about the dead Omega killed by her own mate and your opinion about Omegas in general. He did not like that, you saw it as well as I did.”
“I’m sorry that things between us have become so … complicated. I only ever wanted to get to know you because you were so interesting and clever and ...different. But I made mistakes and I see that because of that you can’t trust me so...let’s just stay out of each other’s way, alright? I think it’s better this way.”
At that moment, Magnussen clapped in his hands again, and all students stopped what they were doing to look at him.
He stood up on wobbly legs and made his way to the exit. This time there was no hurry. His limbs felt heavy, which was ridiculous as they weren’t even real, just a projection of his mind, but somehow it felt real anyhow.
A few minutes later, the door to the lab opened and two older students, Magnussen’s assistants, beckoned them all in. One after the other, they were given a lab coat, nitrile gloves, as well as safety goggles. Professor Magnussen was waiting at the back of the room, watching them get their equipment with his arms crossed in front of his chest, his lips pressed into a tight line. His presence was taking up the whole room, impatience and condescendence rolling off of him naturally. It caused the muscles in John’s face to tense as he fought down the urge to scowl at the unfriendly Alpha - the unpleasant memory of how the Professor had taken his pleasure threatening and belittling Scott in class last week still fresh in his mind.
Everyone was chatting animatedly with each other, catching up after the long vacation, and the room was filled with the scents of Alphas and Betas in various states of emotion: fruity and sweet when they were giddy with excitement or in some cases, tinted bitter and anxious because tests and papers and duties were about to start all over again. John could empathise with all of those, he was excited to meet new people and to learn new interesting things, but at the same time, he knew he would have to work hard getting the marks and results he was aiming for.
“Surprisingly, yes he did, “John said with a tired smile which caused Greg to raise an eyebrow, but he didn’t inquire further.
“I am not gay!” he had told Irene Adler at the Battersea Power Station and he had scoffed when she said they were a couple.
His chest filled up with a sort of fondness that nearly overwhelmed him. His finger lingered over Sherlock’s sharp cheekbone for another moment, as he tried to regain his composure.
John groaned as he was snapped out of blissful oblivion and he turned onto his stomach, burying his face into his pillow. It couldn’t be morning yet. No, absolutely not, it was barely even bright outside.
He would have to monitor him closely all night, check his breathing pattern and his heart rate, observe his body temperature and blood pressure. He knew it would have been much easier at the hospital where the machines would have done the work for him. But he also knew that he would have stayed up with Sherlock all night anyway, so he might as well do it here. Sherlock could wake up in his own home, where he wouldn’t have to lie in a strange bed and be looked after by strange nurses and doctors.
“Me too.” Sherlock’s eyes seemed almost translucent, and John found himself mesmerized as he watched them changing from blue to green and back to blue again in the hollow light of approaching dusk, making its way inside through the gaps of the heavy dark-red curtains.
He kicked out, he screamed some more, he shook his head from side to side in raging frustration, but it was useless and after a few moments he gave up.
“Oh, sure, go ahead.” Sherlock held out his nearly empty pack of cigarettes and the man took the last cigarette with a slight raise of his eyebrow and a sheepish grin. “Thanks, mate, I owe you.”
“Sherlock, “he said, and he tried not to let panic creep into his voice, but he knew he was failing. “Sherlock, look at me.”
John’s heart stuttered in his chest at those words and he froze for a second, uncertain what to do. But Sherlock had no such inhibitions and he pressed further against John’s side, almost as if he wanted to melt into him, so desperate was he for the warmth of the other man’s body.
He switched his gun to his left hand and got out a knife of his pocket, holding it to Sherlock’s chin. “I think, I’d like to try how long I have to cut you before you begin screaming.” John tensed and waited for the signal to fight but it didn’t come.
“Oh, what do we have here?” she asked suddenly as she inspected his throat. “It seems I have misjudged you, Mr. Holmes. Apparently, you are interested in the simple pleasures of the flesh after all. I have the evidence right in front of me.” She traced the love bites and bruises with her fingers, down his throat. “Apparently, you like it rough. I like that. Maybe I shall play with you a little before I kill you.”
“I think he was drugged.” John swallowed heavily as his mind had finally drawn the unavoidable conclusion. “Somebody put something in his drink and that’s why he was so out of it. It was probably the bloke who helped him out of here, the one who’s taken him who knows where!”
“Well, what then? Just tell me.” Sherlock was growing impatient and John was making him nervous. He didn’t like feeling nervous.
Magnussen rolled his eyes and sighed heavily, fixing the poor guy with a pointed glare. The student looked as if he was just shy of bursting into tears.
“You know, John?” Sherlock suddenly realized the guy was literally breathing into his face and he felt a foreign hand creeping up his arms, ghosting at the thin material of his shirt.
“Oh, that’s my friend Billy, “Molly exclaimed. “She probably has been looking for me, I promised we would go dancing some more.” She looked at her watch, her eyes widening. “Goodness!”
“Don't play coy with me, gorgeous, “the man groaned, "bet you're already gagging for it, aren't you?" He buried his face in Sherlock’s neck to suck at the cold skin there. Sherlock flinched violently. His heart was beating so hard in his chest it felt as if it would burst any second. Painfully slow he managed to raise his right hand a little, his intention to push the man away...but the effort was too much, and it fell to his side again uselessly.
“Ooooh, seems I was right after all, “Victor eventually said with a triumphant smirk. “Our little Beta-baby has already found himself an Alpha. A true knight in shining armour, it seems.”
Scott was obviously shocked at the blunt accusation and his eyes widened even further when the professor stepped forward to loom over him with narrowed eyes.
“What’s so funny?” The other man asked with a loose smile on his lips, clearly interested as he stepped forward, crowding into Sherlock’s space.
Without resisting further, Sherlock allowed John to dip the glass forward and he swallowed the tablet down with just a couple of quick sips. When John tried to get him to drink the rest of the glass Sherlock closed his mouth and shook his head.
John’s world collapsed. He just stood there, staring at the scene in front of him, unnoticed by the two men in front of him going at it.
She looked surprised, obviously touched by his consideration of her personal situation. “It’s no problem at all, “she assured him, “Tom trusts me and he is a very understanding Alpha. If he weren’t, I wouldn’t be here. And he’s not here, by the way, he’s at home, working.”
“Alright good. Now I can look up when it’s going to be out of my system.” He grabbed his laptop, pulled up his legs to settle into his usual sitting position, and began his research at once. John stared at him.
“Which means the killer is a good and experienced marksman, “Sherlock deduced next to him. “And he is cold-blooded. This was no emotional crime, this was a deed to shut someone up, to get him out of the way.”
“No. Please believe me, John.” His voice had started shaking a little and he raised his head to look at John in quiet despair. “There were other times where someone drew a gun on me or something like that, trying to intimidate me. But I had my mind you know. I still had that.”
On some occasions it had proved useful though, for instance when Sherlock found himself at the other end of town without so much as a penny to his name he could pay a cab with. Other times, circumstances were even direr when he managed to get himself injured while chasing after minor or less minor criminals. Although Mycroft always complained about the blood staining the expensive leather of his car seats, he almost never failed to secure him and deliver him back home – because in most cases, Sherlock refused to be taken to the hospital - safe and sound.
Only offering a vague grunt of acknowledgment in return, John shut the bathroom door behind him and stepped under the shower. The hot water pouring down on his stiff, tired body felt heavenly. He sighed in content as he tipped his head back and closed his eyes against the hard jet of water from above. He could practically feel every cell in his body waking up, his muscles stirring as he stretched them, flexing his fingers as the fatigue was washed off of him. He grabbed his coconut-scented shower gel and began to quickly but efficiently clean himself, washing his short hair afterwards too. Although he usually preferred longer, slower showers, there was just no time for that today. Chiding himself silently for his thoughtlessness, he quickly got the job done.
“You heard what I said to him, right?” John asked, the heat returning to his voice. “Was I so wrong to tell him that?”
Something like disappointment flashed in Sherlock’s eyes. “Yes, I know. But you made it blatantly clear that it is hard for you to understand how I behave sometimes, especially after what happened in the past few days and I’ve already told you. I’ll try and change, I swear, I’ll try my very best, but I cannot change completely, John. Not even for you. I would if I could, but I just know I can’t.”
“So, everything went well?” Mycroft asked with a raised eyebrow and John nodded. “He didn’t cause any trouble?”
Normally, when he was on a case, he was used to acting on a hypothesis. He collected facts and figures, formed theories based on these facts, erased theories that couldn’t be, singling out the ones that could.
“Accelerated heart rate, pupils are dilated. He’s sweating and he’s hot to the touch, so maybe slightly elevated body temperature. He’s definitely been drugged, probably with something like Rohypnol or another typical date-rape drug. Apart from that, there is a bite in his shoulder which should be looked at because it’s bleeding and…” His voice broke and he stifled a sob as he covered his eyes with his hand.
“Fine, “he muttered with another pouty glare at John. He pulled out his phone and walked out of John’s view, into his bedroom. He came back after a few minutes, still pouting, and he threw himself dramatically onto the sofa, curling into a fetal position as he made it very clear that he was miserable, and that John was the cause of that misery.
But he wouldn’t need to use those methods today. Coming in at this hour would be suspicious, and he was sure if he rang the bell now, he would be denied entry. No, he could do that another time, today he would sneak in and try to find some evidence that this agency was involved in the doubtful business of human trafficking as well as the murder of the teacher, Mr. Harrington. It shouldn’t be too hard, he just had to find the offices of the upper managers, there would probably be enough there. Unless they were clever enough to hide their secrets somewhere else but oftentimes, criminals were not, so he needed to check this building first before he searched elsewhere.
“Uhm, yes.” Frederic stood up, too. “Mr. Holmes told me, I could leave as soon as you were here, and I had given you an update on his brother’s condition.”
“Hey...you’re awake.” A soft smile tugged at John’s lips as his half-lidded eyes studied him curiously. “How long?”
He placed a finger underneath Sherlock’s chin and gently forced it up, trying to get the other man to look at him.
John and he couldn’t go on like before. He couldn’t because there was something between them, something he was sure would get them both in trouble and he had to know what it was to prevent something terrible from happening.
He felt nothing as his eyes scanned the naked porcelain body. The woman’s face was frozen in an expression of unashamed lust, her body arched backwards, her mouth open and her eyes closed: as if she were moaning in the process of experiencing unimaginable physical pleasures. There was nothing here that spoke to him. To him this wasn’t erotic, she simply looked vulgar, also her curves did nothing to him. Speaking of curves….
“Uhm, yes, of course, “he said quickly, “you were telling me about your internship at BMW in Germany?”
Ben looked at him in confusion. “That tall, blonde guy with the beard. He said he would take care of your friend – John, I think he called him – and helped him get outside. Practically half-carried him out the door.”
“What was that all about?” his friend asked excitedly, elbowing John to get his attention as they walked down the corridor towards the exit.
Her hands slid down his face and then brutally grabbed his jaw. “So how did I earn the honour of having you in my establishment? Did you have the sudden urge to indulge in the carnal pleasures for a change?”
He looked up at him then and there were so much hope and uncertainty in his face that Sherlock was inclined to grab his arm and snap at him ‘Yes, of course, you idiot!”
They still had a lot of things to talk about. Lots of things to work out, things that needed to heal. John would help Sherlock with anything he needed. Sherlock was already making John the happiest man he could possibly be.
The annoying scent of musk and leather coming off of the other Alpha intensified and John could see that the man’s irritation was growing.
But as he was quite impatient, he didn’t ask what that was about. He quickly entered the building, followed closely by his police friend.
“Hi, “John said stupidly, trying to catch his breath and the expression on the kid’s face was priceless. He looked completely flummoxed.
He could feel the other man’s chest rise and down underneath his hand and it lulled him into a peaceful slumber.
Of course, there was Mycroft. He was a constant presence in his life, one that he tried to ignore most of the time because nobody could rattle him like his overbearing older brother. To be fair, Mycroft protected him from harm, if there was a need and he had pulled Sherlock out of dangerous situations more times than he could count - but Sherlock knew he did it because Mycroft needed him. Because of the government work, Sherlock needed to do for him. So no, that was not the same. Mycroft needed him and therefore protected him. Maybe there was some additional obligation due to them being brothers, sharing the same blood as well as some distant childhood memories, that played a part too.
He tried to push his ranting thoughts aside and think clearly. Sherlock needed him now, he couldn’t fail him. So, he had to concentrate.
“You needn’t have gone through the trouble, Mycroft, “Sherlock snapped as he turned away from John and tucked himself against the armrest of the couch, obviously pouting in his usual stance. “We are fine.”
She laughed when she saw how uncomfortable she made him and she continued, her mouth wandering downwards.
The other one hastened to find the off button of the EEG, and after a second, the thing stopped beeping loudly.
Scott would not be impressed either. The Beta had already received all his equipment and was standing a few meters away. He had donned the lab coat over his black ensemble of clothes, and despite everything, John’s lips curled up as he stole a glance at the adorable sight, the slightly too-big coat swamping the young Beta’s thin frame.
“My apologies.” Mycroft’s tone was, as usual, painfully polite, but there was a hint of amusement too, as the tall man stepped forward to examine Sherlock and John sitting next to each other on the couch, John rigid and alert on the edge of his seat, Sherlock pulling his legs up against his chest again, an irritated frown crossing his pale face.
Without waiting for an answer and not really expecting one he stepped inside and sat in the other chair, Sherlock’s chair, his posture rigid.
Just then, he saw the blue-eyed student hurry up the stairs on the other side of the room, disappearing behind the exit. Without thinking, he grabbed his bag and rushed up the stairs, too, pushing between other students on his way.
Back in the laboratory, he had seen that Scott was staring after him as he left the room and he had resisted the urge to stop and address the Beta again. If Scott wanted to talk to him, he could. But he would have to be the one to initiate a conversation this time because John refused to be snapped at yet again.
Mrs. Hudson would be delighted. A solved case would mean at least a little peace and quiet for a few days because Sherlock tended to sleep a lot in order to allow his “transport” some much-needed rest.
Until that day early November when he was ten and he had gotten back from school, eager to run into the woods with Redbeard. Mycroft had waited for him at the door and told him to sit down right at the doorstep. Then he had calmly told him that Redbeard had been run over by a car a couple of hours ago, he had died a little while later. Sherlock had been completely devastated, he had screamed at his brother, had attacked him with his small fists, and Mycroft had simply let it happen and pressed him against his chest, stroking his unruly curls and his shaking back when Sherlock had broken down crying.
After studying the pictures for another few minutes, Robert grabbed his phone as he jumped out of his chair, dialling another number.
All his life people had disappointed him. Never had he felt understood by anyone, except for Redbeard and then Victor which of course had been a mistake. His parents loved him well enough, but they didn’t get him. They didn’t understand how his mind functioned and, in the end, he was just an enigma to them, so they left him with the nannies to tend to him. Mycroft of course had probably understood him to some extent because their minds were alike, but apart from those very rare occasions, he had left him alone and they had never bonded over their similar personalities. He was seven years older, maybe that was the reason why they never had. It didn’t matter anyhow. Mycroft’s words on the day Redbeard had died had given him comfort and he had adjusted his way of thinking from that day on. He was thankful for Mycroft’s lesson although he would never tell him that, obviously.
“Good.” Silence stretched out again. On the one hand, Sherlock was triumphant that he seemed to have won that battle, as well as he did have the last word but at the same time, he felt sad and he was terribly annoyed at himself for it.
John realized Frederic was studying him with growing concern and he decided he needed to set the other man’s mind at ease. He really was worried, but he needed to form his own opinion about all this, and he didn’t want to set Mycroft onto this now if it was avoidable.
“Ah, wait, “John said, his brow furrowed as he studied her face thoughtfully. “You seem familiar. Do we know each other?”
She turned to John then. “Doctor Watson, I’m still a little worried about Mr. Holmes’ shoulder. As of now, the infection seems very mild, but I’d like you to keep a close eye on it. After last night it could very well worsen.”
It didn’t even matter that he didn’t have any friends at school, that they thought he was weird and too different to be one of them. He had Redbeard and he didn’t need anyone else.
He slumped back against the pillow and ran a shaky hand through his hair. He wrinkled his nose in disgust when it came back clammy, realizing he had broken into a sweat in his sleep. Now fully awake, he got up from the couch and padded into the kitchen, where he grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge, and almost drained it in one go. Then he went into the bathroom and washed his face in the sink, after which he felt a bit better.
Three pictures appeared on the wall and a collective gasp went through the lecture hall. John studied the pictures with fascination, his mind already rapidly sorting out the differences between the images depicted.
“No, no, no, Sherlock, “John said quickly but still with a huge smirk on his face, “we didn’t mean it like that. Come on, sit down, we won’t make fun of you anymore.”
“Would you like me to take a look to make sure of this?” Her voice sounded a tad softer now. “You were not fully conscious at that time, so maybe you just don’t remember.”
But in John’s opinion, it should not have been the Alpha’s decision to make and he was deeply distraught that the legal system allowed something like this. He hadn’t known this and he thought it was highly questionable. In his opinion, the field of medicine was naturally tied together with the field of ethics. Hell, every decision they were going to make as doctors were based on ethics, so why had Magnussen brushed Scott’s question off like that? Why had he sounded so satisfied when he mentioned that the Omega had even gotten her wish in the end?
“What are you…? he blurted out, swallowing rapidly in obvious anger. “Are you - are you actually serious right now? I tried to help you for God’s sake!”
“Yeah, I know it’s a little early for that. But he initiated it on his own and I didn’t have the time to stop him. But I think it’s a good way to distract him from his own thoughts and we’re back home already, so you can relax.”
“Ah yes, I must have forgotten about it.” Greg appeared rather content, a cautious smile tugging at the corner of his lips, and John wondered what that was all about. He was still shocked that he had been about to kiss Sherlock Holmes and even more shocked that they had been interrupted. By Greg and Mycroft, of all things.
“Sherlock, I don’t believe it, you’re drunk!” John leaned forward to put himself onto the same level with his friend and Sherlock didn’t mind when he put an affectionate palm on the back of his neck.
Scott stared at him, a deep scowl on his face. “Stay out of this, I don’t need your help, ”he snapped.
John sighed, relieved that he was gone because his presence always made him feel a little small. On the other hand, he was glad he had shown up. Even if Sherlock had not been awake to see it his brother was apparently actually concerned for him and wanted him to get well again. He also wanted justice for him, and John was on board with that notion,
Magnussen’s lips tightened again. “In my opinion it does, Mr. Williams. Who knows what kind of influence his Omega has on him?”
Greg clasped his arm in sympathy. “I know you only want him back safe. Let’s see to it that he does, shall we?”
John reached down to touch Sherlock’s throat, to check his pulse. He frowned when he discovered it was racing like crazy. He gently cupped his friend’s face and lifted his head to take a look at him.
“Yes, I know, “Sherlock sneered at him, viciously, “I’ve always been nothing more than a nuisance, haven’t I? So bothersome, so why dear brother, why do you trouble yourself with watching over me, spying on me? It must be so tedious, having to clean up after me, apologizing to everyone I have insulted.”
He strode across the room in a hurry and stopped in front of Sherlock whose eyes were glued to the floor, but John could see his fists stretched out at his sides, trembling slightly. They stood in front of each other and only their breathing was audible until Sherlock eventually lifted his head to look at John, his eyes shining with hurt and fear. A pang of guilt hit John in his stomach, twisting like a knife.
“Do you think I could take a shower first?” he asked, as John finished the inspection of his shoulder and was reaching for the tape and gauze.
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically. “Oh, do shut up, will you? I’m not in the mood for homophobic imbeciles tonight, alright?”
Greg had the decency to look embarrassed. “I know that, John. I have to ask these questions, it’s standard procedure, you know that.”
She laughed again, a brief harsh sound bereft of any warmth, and Sherlock couldn’t help the shiver that ran down his spine.
“John Hamish Watson, Captain, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, born September 8th, 1971, your favourite colour is blue.”
Stupid. John was right. He was an idiot. Useless. Only exasperating everyone around him, like Mycroft had said.
Still, when he was lying in bed that night after John had shot the cabbie and thus ended their case, he had replayed that conversation and to his utter embarrassment, he had felt a hint of satisfaction at the apparent interest in him. Well, at the fantasy of it because apparently, it hadn’t been real so actually that whole matter was a little embarrassing.
“Sherlock!” John was at his friend’s side in an instant and he grabbed his wrist first to check his pulse, stroking over his hair with the other hand at the same time. It was strong but erratic. It had been simply too much stress and his body couldn’t cope with it right now, with the Rohypnol still in its system.
Sherlock threw him an exasperated look. “I don’t pretend anything, John. I simply state the obvious: I cannot change the past, I can only act in the here and now, and what good is it to whine over past things? Nothing, exactly, so we should find out when this bloody drug will be out of my system and get the hell on with more important things. Have you been on the blog, are there new interesting cases?”
He gave him his antibiotics which Sherlock took without complaint and then they agreed to go to bed.
She looked at him with an expression of hurt and shock, it made him regret his words but at the same time he couldn’t muster up the strength to apologize. He could do that later. He really was tired.
He started to nibble at his toast and John tried not to look too smug, failing miserably. To appease his friend he pointed at the tea bags on the tray. “Which one do you want? We have orange pekoe, Darjeeling, peppermint and uhm …. earl grey.”
He dropped back down on the sofa heavily – the stupid crime show was still on, but he was glad for the background noise as he stared at the ceiling above him, it made his own thoughts not so loud inside his head.
John took a deep breath, opened his mouth, and closed it again. The corners of Sherlock’s lips twitched but the man remained silent.
Still staring at Sherlock, the somewhat stupefied smile frozen on his face, John’s heart fluttered in his chest and he swallowed, wondering if Sherlock was aware of the fact that he was nervous. Well, that was a kind of dumb thought to be having, right? Of course, Sherlock knew. He
John had always been a very touchy person. They always touched each other. Fleetingly, shortly, brushing against each other every so often. He had noticed and he didn’t mind it somehow, he usually preferred not being touched by other people. But with John, he didn’t mind.
“I’ll be back soon, “he said. “I’ll have to take your fingerprints and if you want, you can make a phone call.”
“Well, you know, “she said and blushed, “you shouldn’t sleep in a chair next to your boyfriend, it’s not right. Here, I’ll put it right next to him.”
“But that doesn’t mean you’re fit to go on cases already, Sherlock, “John said as he held up a warning finger. “I mean it. You’re still weak, you need to rest for a few more days, give your body a chance to recover. Is that understood?”
John swayed a little as he turned around, away from the man he had just beaten into a bloody pulp.  His eyes searched frantically and at once found who he was looking for: Sherlock.
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed a light pink, much to his obvious annoyance, and John’s heart immediately swelled in fondness.
“The doorbell’s in the fridge, “Sherlock explained casually, as his eyes flickered once to John. “It’s been there for weeks, didn’t you know?”
After his second  - no third - unsuccessful encounter with Scott, John sulked for the rest of the day and locked himself inside his room when he returned, just like last time. Mike tried to talk to him through the door, but John declared that he didn’t want to discuss what had happened. If Scott thought he needed to behave like a total nutter, let him. He had really tried to make up for his mistake and he had genuinely wanted to protect the younger Beta when he had been threatened - no, sexually harassed - by those idiot Alphas.
“What an arrogant bastard, “he snarled viciously. “You fuck off. This doesn’t concern you. We can do whatever we like.”
“However, we were both worried about you and wanted to make sure you were alright, especially you, brother mine. On top of that, we have rather agreeable news.”
Thoughts of John and how they had woken up entangled in each other, their warm bodies seemingly glued together, suddenly filled his mind and he groaned, as sudden heat in his loins made him want to reach between his legs and follow an impulse he very rarely heeded.
He had to sit down for a minute, feeling a little weak in the knees. He let his head drop between them, supported by his elbows and he closed his eyes. What a strange day it had been. He felt as if the world was spinning too fast. They still had to recover from Sherlock’s last assault and yet they were here at the hospital, after a second attack. How much could Sherlock endure? How was he really? He had even made jokes, seconds after being found by him and Greg, injured and nauseous, but still the one with the last word, the one with the great punchline.
He was coherent enough to realize that something was wrong with his transport. He was certain that he had been okay when he had retired to bed. Tired but fine, apart from the still noticeable wounds inflicted upon his body, mostly his throbbing shoulder and his concussed skull, reminders of unpleasant events of the past. But he had already gotten used to them, they didn’t bother him anymore.
Sherlock realized this the second he woke up. He was still pressed into John’s body, but in their sleep, their limbs had intertwined, John lying on his side now, angled towards Sherlock. Sherlock was curled up against him with his face snuggled into John’s chest, his long legs entangled in John’s shorter ones. John’s arm was wrapped around Sherlock’s waist, a comfortable weight against his body and he was holding him tightly against himself in his sleep.
