ng flowers on our b
but he knew he was failing. He finally looked over to Steve, or himself. He felt strange, out of place as he watch himself, his future self, he took in his appearance.
He shot up into a seating position, scanning quickly around him to find Rhodey leaning against the door frame, arms crossed, happy to have caught Tony out for once. Rhodey smirked, “Good nights sleep?” a cheeky tone in his voice. Tony opened and closed his mouth a couple of times, his hands fluttering around him trying to look busy, he at least allowed himself to looked abashed at being caught in Steve’s bed. “I.. I .. I” Rhodey laughed, raising his hand to signal Tony to stop, “Stop, Stop, I don’t care…” Rhodey uncrossed his arms and recrossed them the other way, coughing awkwardly, “If that’s how ..” gesturing in the air in front of him, “you two are? Were? whatever, you know I don’t care right?” Rhodey smiled at Tony stepping into the room, patting Tony’s shoulder.
“Rodger that T, out front in 20.” Steve mock saluted to Tony with a cheeky smile. Steve turned back to look at Peter. “I will do all I can to help you get home Peter, a lot of people will be waiting for you when you get there, including me, ok?” he held out his hand for him to shake. Peter reached out equally until he jumped forward into Steve’s body, tight in a hug. Steve hadn’t expected it, the sheer force behinds Peter’s weight, it was strong, so strong Steve needed the strength to hold him in his arms, gosh, this kid was something, what if he was the kid’s parent….? Does the serum even pass on genetically? No, he couldn’t let his mind wander that would mean that –      that he married Tony? That they cared about each other. But the other man was there, he looked more Tony’s type.
“Steve take the week off at least and I’ll get Howard to cool down before, knowing him, sending you to the arctic as punishment. Tony I’ll contact MIT as to why you missed class and labs today. Take Peter and head home.” Tony jumped in shock away from Steve, “FUCK, It’s my day with DUM_EE!” He bolted out the door with a passing, “Bye Peggy!”
Rhodey inspected the queue to get into the club as a regular, he could see it fading off into the distance, since the locals had heard Tony start was out and about in Boston again, they turned up dressed to impress. A newly minted and single millionaire. Rhodey wanted to spit in all their faces.
“What do you want. Director Carter. I’m busy.” Tony sat up in his chair, placing the pen in perfect parallel with the leather desk cover and his diary, finally making full eye contact with his Aunt. Peggy sighed, “Anthony, Peter’s father has come through the portal. He’s taking him home either today or tomorrow.” Tony’s fist clenched on his desk, his eyes stared down at the corner of his diary, it was slightly frayed, not blinking at the news. He knew Peter was going home but that … his husband had come for Peter. Maybe it was just himself, but still, the future had come to him. Literally.
Making his way back on to the ATV, he set the vehicle into the gear and sped off to catch up with the truck.
Steve proceeded to glared down at his husband. “Nothing wrong with the classics, but Pete remember have a glass of milk or they’ll break your teeth.”
Peter continued to eat the rest of his salad in peace, with the solid thumps of a tennis ball repeatedly chucked at a wall in the background. The squeal DUM_EE let out was the only thing alerting Peter to his Uncle Thor appearing once again behind him. “Young Nephew, quickly what is the date for you?” Peter swallowed the last bite of the salad, the juicy tomato taking an extra second to swallow down.
“Director Carter, Pierce. To what do I owe the pleasure.” Steve nodded towards Wilson, who nodded back. Peggy couldn’t even make eye contacted with him.
But scrolling down were two photos and links to their Shield profiles of Anthony E. Stark and Captain Steve Rogers.  Tony’s driving license photo and Steve’s Shield ID photo. Peter was almost a perfect blend in Natasha eyes. She let out a gasp, her hands froze over the keyboard. She was ignoring the fact that scientifically that was impossible only due to the fact, that if Stark wanted a kid, he would break the modern laws of science to get one. The file consisted of photos taken of Peter in his room at Tony’s old flat. Through a window but the image was zoomed in to focus on a projected photo in the air from his wrist that Peter was staring longingly at.
“Anything we can help with Ana?” Tony came to stand by her, looking over into the pot, taking a long sniff of the food. “Mmm, smells good!” She reached over and ruffled Tony’s hair, “back you! I just added too much to the pot and I can’t lift it!” Peter stepped forward from Ana’s other side, lifting the pot with easy, “Uh, where would you like it?” Ana looked happily surprised, she gave Peter a light slap on the shoulder, “Ah, a good strong boy!”
“Peter, I have found 3 flats that are similar to what you asked for. I would recommend the one 10 minutes away. It has a view of the main street, the bus stops outside the door, that can get you into the city within 25-35 minutes depending on traffic and It has 3 bedrooms one would need painted and electrical work but the owner is desperate to have someone in the apartment. What do you think?” Tony was frozen staring at the holographic map. This was just mind-blowing he was going to make this beautiful piece of code. “What do you think Tony?” He was lost in thought. “Uh, yeah, yes please go ahead with that one.” Caught off guard by his involvement In the decision. This was the coolest moment of his life.
Howard looked down the hall towards him wife, he turned quickly back when Peter started to speak. “No Mr Stark. I’m going to go spend time with Tony, let us know when dinner is ready.” Peter curled his fist by his side. Turning on the spot and marching up the stairs, leaving Howard at the bottom, happy to have the last word against him.
Tony and Peter walked down the metal back stair case towards the lower level lab, considered to be Tony’s personal lab, Where Peter had a reasonable workbench and corner of the large space near the car collection and Steve had the old yellow couch to rest on. Peter jogged ahead to key in the passcode on the door, as Tony continued to eye the gauntlet in his hands. The reinforced glass door opened with a slight swoosh. Tony placed the gauntlet on his work bench after sliding some of his blueprints to the side.
Looking back on it, his Pops must have been close to death at the time, the amount of blood lost on the operating table would have killed an ordinary man but not his Pops, never his Pops. As much as his Uncle Bruce advised against it, the hiccupping child was placed on Steve’s chest, the small boy wrapped up in his father’s arms to calm him down.
(See the end of the chapter for
’s suit. Dum_Ee rolled over to the landing pad, using its claw to clean the space around the gauntlet, Tony smiled as he passed Dum_Ee picking up the trash and rolling it into the bin.
winked, mouthing the words, ‘personal upgrade’ but his eyes caught movement from the assassin. He quickly made his way back into the same formation, Peter’s body stopped shaking, catching the attention of the two Steves’. The group attention fell on Peter. Peter couldn’t stop shaking, no matter what he thought about but he stopped the moment the Soldier stood up. His
He turned his thoughts back to Peter as the pilot called back to brace for landing. While it had been a month at most for the family, through Thor they quickly realised that his son had been here for months if not a year so far!
Shield Security opened up the front door for Peter, they lead the trio down the stairs of the apartment and into the back of the black SUV, Peter was mildly surprised to find the Nick Fury already sitting in the back with Agent Coulson, the trio buckled up in the back of the SUV, Tony sat in the middle of Steve and Peter, Steve shook hands with both Fury and Coulson, “Nick, Phil, good to see you again, sorry it’s under these circumstances.” The agents nodded in response. “Time to fill you in Rogers, Slight detour from the triskelion, last night a spark of electricity began to form and sustain energy at floor level in the Shield research labs in the west wing or Howard’s offsite compound. We are driving there now to see if the kid recognises the energy. Peter swallowed a dry gulp, this could be it, he could be heading home.
“Captain Rogers, it has come to our attention that an insider leaked sensitive information to you about the nature of Peter Stark, who was the traitor who leaked the-“ Steve had really had enough of Director Pierce’s nonsense. “You mean the information that would have nothing to do with the fact, that Peter was MY SON. And that you had no right to hide that information from me!”
Holding Howard up by his shirt with just one arm Steve didn’t even look Howard in the eye. “you lost the right to call me ‘Ste’ in 1945. You lost the right to call me your friend today. You didn’t get to choose my friends in 1945 and you don’t get to choose them now Stark. I agreed to your deal on the grounds you leave Tony alone, you let him live in peace, free from you. I want you to remember this. When Tony comes home for Christmas, you must treat him with respect.”
“Not another one of you!” Tony opened his eyes to stare at a pair of smart navy high heels. He lifted his head to find his Aunt Peggy, much younger than he last saw her but this aunt certainly looked far more exhausted. Tony stood up, cricking his neck, he adjusted his suit. “Anthony…” Peggy took in this man in front of her, the spitting image of her godson. Peter’s father, a grown man, married and working as the head of a team of superheroes, not the young insecure boy in his father’s shadow.
Tony laughed. “No guarantee Agent Coulson. See you never in Boston.”
The last couple were the most recent, they had been blue-tacked on top of the other’s edges. The first two caught Peter off guard, they had a very young Pepper Potts at a party with Tony, already done with him at 21, Peter let out a laugh at his Aunt’s exasperated face. The last few he recognised from the day before he left, the ones from the party, ones he didn’t recognised, had his parents passed out asleep, Tony fully asleep on top of Steve, Steve had one arm bent behind his head, the other curled around Tony’s back. The pair had red party cups stacked high on top of them, Rhodey’s signature was signed in the bottom, proud of his work. The last one, Peter actually reached out and took from the walk, the polaroid was worn in the corners, Steve and Tony laughing, faces red with tear streaks from laughter, this might have been one of the earliest selfies taken by the pair, they looked so young, they had happier smiles that his parents could do. After everything his parents had been through, it was surprising that they could still smile at the world.
just laughed, hoping it was sign of some good luck, nodding down he sprinted up the stairs. Steve sprinted down the hallway. Stopping short of colliding with Nick Fury, he stood to attention, catching his breath, the only noise in the long office hallway, long free of its workers, only Fury and Steve stood in the environment . Fury titled his head inspecting Steve’s current state, shaking his head to himself, he sighed. “Director Carter’s office.”
Barton stepped back into the driver side door and closed it behind himself. The screen in the middle of the dashboard lit up with Director Carter. “Ma’am.”
They enjoyed breakfast in peace, relaxing in the autumn morning. The soft glow of the sun shining in through the two windows of the living room and kitchen. Tony was staring out of the window, lost in a world of his own when he said, “We should head out of the apartment, I can show you around campus and we can get some food, bedsheets and clothes for you. I could introduce you to Rhodey as well, just as like my new flat mate or something.” Peter hummed in agreement, he liked the sound of that, as much as he travelled with his parents over the years he’d never been to Boston and with the rare opportunity of exploring in the 90s as an added bonus. They both helped to clean up and place the dishes away. Peter noticed that it was way cleaner than it was yesterday when he arrived. Maybe him being here would be good for Tony, he hadn’t cleaned since Steve left for Shield and it had showed. They went to their respective rooms to get changed for the day. Peter decided on a white t-shirt and a pair of Tony’s jeans, they were too large so he borrowed on of his Pop’s belts to hold them in place and his Chuck Taylors. Peter waited in the living room for his dad. Tony walked out wearing black jeans, t-shirt and boots but also a very large oversized jumper, which had red, blue and green patches all over it with a black under colour. Peter was caught off guard and started to laugh uncontrollably. Tony gave a confused look to Peter.
Oh if she had met Tony, she would have mothered him so much, Steve laughed quietly to himself, he could imagine taking Tony home in the Christmas break and introducing his genius and boisterous best friend, she’d welcome him with open arms, Bucky would have probably sized Tony up as someone who was his second friend that he’d have brought him, Sarah Rogers would have cooked up a meal for kings, telling them to sort out his room so they could sleep. Maybe she would have seen the way he looked at Tony, the way he treated him, she’d have forced him to bunk with Bucky in the guess room because
Peter took in the sight of his parents talking between themselves, Steve’s suit now covered in the dust from the air vents and Tony’s jumper pretty much ruined. When Steve and Tony noticed the dust, they attempted to remove it from each other. Peggy watched the two idiots try to act normal around each other after months apart. Peggy decided it was time for everyone to go home for the day.
‘Stark family opens up about their home life. Vanity fair exclusive.’
is really lucky.” Steve gestured over Tony’s shoulder, Tony laughed, “I could say the same about you soldier!”
Tony had been debating the idea in his head before dismissing himself once again. Tony made it three steps beyond the desk on his one hundredth and sixth loop before he stopped. Scrunching up his face, turned round to face the desk and stared down at the spare (prototype-untested possibly unreliable)
Tony had thrown on his Santa hat as he galloped down the stairs, a cheeky smile on his face, he roughly pulled down a Santa hat on to Peter’s head, over taking Peter down the stairs he slid on his feet round the corner, gesturing to the front living room, Peter made his way down the stairs, hearing Tony cause chaos in the kitchen with his demands of Santa hats.
“That’s not possible?” Tony spoke up, “The Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee chased him after he shot Steve!” Thor looked confused and relayed the message. “The Captain, Widow and bird man have no idea of the events you are describing, Peter tread carefully, things may be changing around you. We may never feel the effect, or it will only hit us once you are back. Be carefully Neph- “Thor disappear when Peter blinked. Tony just turned to face Peter, “Uhh so that wasn’t good news was it?” Peter just walked over to the couch and sat down. He focused on the sensation of sinking into the couch cushions.
“Steve Stop this!” Peggy called out. She looked up to Peter in the vent. He nodded, as he prepared to get Tony down from the vent, Steve knelt down on one knee next to Howard’s head. “I know he loves coffee, but any tea will put him to sleep. I know that he can’t stand the cold, which is good for me isn’t it, fear of being back in the ice again. So why wouldn’t we be best friends? I know he likes to hold hands while watching emotional movies, he goes out of the way to make people think he doesn’t care even though he probably would give his heart to a kid if they asked for it.”
Peter was slightly taller than he remembered, catching up with his own height. His hair was over grown and slightly wild curls dominated the top of his head, the hint of stubble that his son was even capable of growing a beard. Tony slid his arms up between the hug, taking Peter’s face in his hands, kissing his forehead, cheeks, nose and all over. Peter scrunched his face as the kisses connected. Peter took his Dad’s hands into his own. “Dad, Dad, Dad please stop!” He couldn’t make it through his words annoyed, chuckling out a watery laugh.
“I can see that now!” Peter paced slightly, a couple of steps back and forth, creating a small track . “You said I was ready to take the Shield combat tests!” Natasha rolled her eyes. “Well I think you would pass those basic tests but you got lucky with that assassin the first time kid. Next time I want you to be ready.” She walked over, crunching twigs under her boots, holding out her hand to help Peter up. He took her hand tightly and stood up, she reached over and helped brush the soil off of Peter’s face and shoulders. “You think he’s coming back?” Natasha sighed, “I think he has something out for you, he murdered the Starks, if thats anything to go by. I think he thought you’d be there but he was spotted checking the wreckage, I’m impressed you’ve managed to hide from him for so long.”
sighed to himself, well, cross that bridge when they come to it. The car stopped at the entry gate. So close to home, he smiled to the guard, holding a single finger over his lips to silence him, pointing down to a sleep Peter, the guard nodded and signalled them through.
He sat down on the bed again, mindlessly stirring his dinner into some form of edible food. “Do we need to keep hiding for Shield Peter? They could help.” Peter rolled his lower jaw around his mouth. Pissed off was probably the best description. “We don’t need them. I’m safer this way. I’m not going home, so I need to make this sustainable. The moment Shield give up trying to get me home, they are going to probably going to torture me for details about the next twenty or so years. My Da- Stark made it clear he doesn’t want me around and Rogers is a lonely no-show at the moment.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A clear and delighted “Yes Ma’am.” called through the house. Tony smiled shuffling along to sit at the foot of his mother’s chair, she reached down and ran her hands through his thick hair, he leaned back to smile up at her, relaxed and content was not a look that was well known on Tony Stark’s face.
A shiver ran down Tony’s spine. He was speechless. Steve is and always would be soldier and Tony knew that being the best soldier, came with a lot of secret baggage when talking about what happens in the battlefield but the thought that Steve, the precious, church going choir boy, was ‘effective’ in war. Tony stepped to the side. Walking around his aunt. Tony blinked repeatedly to hold back the tears, his lower lip open, pouting. “Let’s go. I… need some time to think about this.” Tony shut his mouth. Turning quickly to march his way towards the entrance.
“Captain America saves the world. He never showed an interest in anyone but his country since the day his mouth died. Why are you different?” Fury’s face twitched but remained neutral. Tony knew in that moment, his answer. He stopped panicking and let go of the button. “See, that’s where you’re wrong. He’s had friends all his days, but just like everyone who ever fell in love with the perfect ‘Captain America’, you forgot one thing.” Tony stepped forwards, nose to nose with fury, staring past him, just to show how meaningless he was to him. “Take off the mask and they man making those decisions, the perfect human, is Steve Rogers, he forgets things, he likes to lounge on couches all day, he hates socks that don’t match, he’d eat anything as long as it doesn’t have broccoli in it and he’d hate that all you care about is what the ‘Captain’ can do for you!”
“Well. I’m outta ideas, Karen?”
Peter yelled toward his Uncle, “I’m going to take him home, now.” Rhodey could barely keep his eyes open and nodded, he shook Peter’s hand again and walked out the club, he knew he wasn’t going to be much help, so he left Peter to it. When Tony realised that he was getting up to leave, he forced himself to sit back down.
“If you must know, I’m glad I sent you for that mission this summer, in truth I thought it would be a walk in the park for you, but I really just wanted you to get away from Anthony. See some perspective on life, I mean It was a good call for you to be there when the mission turned south but really Ste. You needed to stop being a people pleaser for him, don’t let him distract you. You don’t need art school you need to be where you belong.”
“Night Wing-head, Shell-head out.” Tony sighed. He pulled the blanket over his shoulder and tried to sleep for the rest of the flight. He didn’t manage to sleep at all.
“Alright Captain,” Barton called out, through chewing his food. Ah! That’s way Romanoff was disgusted. Classic Barton. “The shooter, is a ghost, only appears just before a target of his is killed, this is the best look we’ve had In arguably years at the guy.” Romanoff took over, “Followed him down to D.C he’s looking for someone, someone powerful but hidden.” She gestured he wrist around as she was thinking, “not the president sort of level, like generals who aren’t known to the public or political commentators, certainly not some businessman college kid.”
Peter smiled back, this was as close as he was going to get to his dad, maybe he could help him figure out a way home. Worth a shot. Peter offered to help unload the bags of food, even though the kitchen was a mess anyway.
Steve could hear Barton on the phone to Director Stark, informing him of the mission, Steve knew Howard was going to want to speak to him when he got back to base. He decided to avoid that for as long as possible, he used his hands to gesture to Barton that he was going to the ambulance crew. Barton nodded back, informing Director Stark that Steve wouldn’t be with him immediately. Natasha followed closely behind Steve and even helped him up into the ambulance. She sat down on the bench next to the gurney.
Peter quickly got changed into the clothes he was wearing when he arrived in 1991, they still smelled a bit like home, or at least the laundry detergent that Pops has always said was the best. Shield knew. He better be prepared, squashing the suit down into the wrist band and whispering to Karen, “This might not end well Karen, be ready with house party protocol.” Peter walked out into the hallway to see his Pops in a new Captains’ uniform that Aunt Peggy must have brought him, his shield stuck to his back, his hands gripping the front of his belt tightly, Peter could see the buckle straining under his grip. Tony however, was talking enthusiastically to Peggy. He didn’t even stop as they were escorted down the stairs by Peggy, her guards and Pops following from behind, he was eyeing Peter was a determined look.
“Anthony, I … may I come in?” Peggy was dressed far more casually than he’d seen her in the last six months. Her blue dress wasn’t a tailored business dress that he’d seen this morning but one that reminded him of her visits when he was younger, far more carefree and focused more on comfort rather than appearance. He took a step back, gesturing into the room. She nodded and side stepped past him, taking in the room before sitting down in the wing back chair. Tony shut the door and quickly climbed his way onto the end of the bed. He could see his Aunt taking in his appearance. Grey joggers that were clearly too big for him, they were Steve’s, he’d pulled the strings tight on his hips to stop them falling down, his black tank vest, hiding an oil stain or two. She sighed but then smiled, “You look relaxed.” She commented, he couldn’t decide if it was a statement, a question or good old British sarcasm but he decide to respond anyway.
glove that Tony, future Tony, had sent through the portal, this was Peter’s glove, the one his father used. The same glove that Peter held precious as he cried into Steve arms. This was Peters Dad’s glove. This was his glove. He was Peter’s Pops.
“Sounds good to me! I’m beyond hungry.” He agreed to Tony’s idea of grabbing some food and sitting in the court yard outside the flat, the autumn morning created a cool chill in the air but the sun created just enough heat for a comfortable experience outside. Sitting on the beach facing the art piece in the center, Tony just had to ask more questions about his future but he knew if he wanted real answers he’d have to ask in a way that seemed innocent but gave away the most information. “Is Stark Industries still a thing, like I don’t become like a ghost father, you know like Howard, never there?” Tony took a large bite of his sub sandwich after he asked. Peter finished his piece, thinking over his answer first before answering.
This morning his parents had been fine! Flirted even! It was nice to see his parents on track to fall in love, however, this seemed like another spanner in the works. Steve saluted the director and turned with a mock salute to Peter. With Tony, Steve hesitated, Tony launched himself into a hug, Steve couldn’t help but notice that the motion was the same as Peter’s earlier. He gripped Tony’s back tightly, he leans down to whisper between them, “I’ll be back soon, I promise T, you won’t even miss me, I’ll find this guy ok? You know how to reach me.”
Steve stayed in place, for now, he needed to formulate a plan of escape, he started to focus in on the tapping that he could hear from the metal pipes next to him. The red pipes disappeared into the concrete floor, but they definitely were the source of the tapping. Steve shook his head slightly to break himself from the drowsiness. It was morse code, the distinct sound of tapping in the short and long patterns, It looking him a couple of minutes to focus enough to hear the message. - Cap. Wake. Up. Idiot.- Well, at least Clint seemed to be ok at the moment. Steve rolled his wrist and started his response. - Awake. You. OK?- Clint responded that he was fine. They need to break out and quick. They devised a plan to escape when the next guard rotated out from the hallway. Steve told Clint he’d be with him in 5 minutes. Before he could break his restraints, he heard the distinct clack of heels making their way towards his door.
‘do you really think we can send him home’
Steve sucked in a stuttering breath, wiping his eyes of the invisible tears that would have come. Guess Tony was up in heaven now, Steve hoped to himself that his mother had been there to welcome Tony, he could dream that they watched him as angels, that his mother would be sewing away as Tony tinkered with his robots. Pushing away from the glass he focused in on his mission again.
Everyone watched the items hit the floor but as soon as some of them hit the floor they disintegrated. All that was left was the wrench, Vibranium and the glove. Peter knelt down to grab his Pop’s glove, picking it up, much to the shock of some of the scientists. “What lived Peter?” His Uncle Bruce called out as his Dad stood with a worried expression on his face, his arms gripping the bottom of his shirt in stress. Peter looked up to his Dad, “The metals, wrench, Vibranium, and Pop’s glove. What does that mean Dad, please say I can come home?” Peter’s voice cracked towards the end, a few watery tears made their way out of Peter’s eyes.
His Pops sat in the front and chucked a blanket over the center console for him, Peter had wrapped himself in the blanket before leaning his head against the side panel to rest. He looked forward to his parents from his rested position. His parents held hands over the center console as Tony drove past the security gate at the front of the complex. Peter fell asleep just a bit further down the road as they hit the forests.
Steve and Peter took one look at each other and ran out the door after Tony before he accidently ran into his father. Peter forced himself to fall behind a bit as to not tip off Steve that he could keep up with the serum speed. Peter even decided to throw in a couple of deep coughs and gulps for air. He was barely even winded, Peter was used to him and his Pops going on evening and sometimes morning runs to burn energy and just talk about anything that was on his mind; school, friends or even homework.
Jarvis carried the cases down the stairs and out toward the car. Howard walked with him with a metallic brief case. Maria walked past Peter into the front room with Tony, who had fallen asleep. She looked wistfully at him, stroking his hair lightly, she moved to sit down in front of the piano. Smoothing down the front of her light blue skirt.
He reached over and turned the remote on for the small tv. “Peter, I’ve run the numbers, we need your fathers to open the portal home from their side. But we need to make sure we are in the optimal location. I suggest at the compound.” Peter turned his head to give his attention to the mask, “I’m not going until the last second. IF I get home, I don’t want to see anyone, I’ll break into the compound and make my way home.” He turned his attention back to the news, effectively ending the conversation with his mask.
“Secondly, my days off?! I’ve hand 1 in the last 6 months!! It was yesterday by the way! I’ve not even had time to call anyone and now you’re suddenly offering me a holiday? You are just full of its Howard.” Howard screwed up his face as if he didn’t understand anything Steve was saying.  “Phone call? Who the hell are you calling Steve all or friends from the war are dying or dead! Who wants to talk to you?”
Peter’s Pops would sit for hours on the first day of their weekend trips, rocking back and forth, reading whatever book he was working his way through. Once Peter had unpacked his bags he would find his Pop finishing up the page he was on so that they could spend the rest of the day setting up the fire pit for their traditional first night bbq, he could never forget the smells of his Pops smoked bbq burgers, the peaceful noise of the insects in the forests. Peter loved the rocking chair, he could always remember that his Pops would always toe off his shoes and sit them to the side, he’d stretch out his legs, using just the heel of his foot to start the movement.
Tony met up with Peter in the kitchen as he was unpacking the food into the old fridge. “Dude not to rush you but can you work on the heating? It’s going to get even colder tonight!” Tony agreed with the cold shiver his body gave. Running through to his room he pulled apart a couple of boxes, careful to place Steve’s old war tin down safely, until he pulled out his tool kit. Running back through to the main boiler, Tony spent an hour or so until the spark of a flame was brought to life and the flat slowly started to heat up.
“I have an old man who should have probably retired 2 years ago and gone to spend the rest of his life sitting in the sun, who I consider my family. Before you came here, all I hoped was that I would have enough friends who actually liked me enough to have thanksgiving or Christmas with.” Tony’s face broke into a big smile, “Then you’re here, I’m presumably happily married, we have a BIG family or people we consider family and I have a son, who is exactly like me but genuinely happy with me as their father.”
“Who is this, where is Tony put him on the phone. NOW.” Peter pulled the phone away from his ear and turned to Tony. Tony yelled across the room,
Steve tried his best to calm whatever uncertainty was plaguing Tony’s mind at the moment, Tony ended up turned and curling himself on top of Steve’s chest, finally at peace. Steve let out a silent huff of laughter, moving a piece of Tony’s hair out from his face. Steve sat with Tony for maybe 10 minutes or so before his stiff muscle began to complain about being held in the one position for so long.
“No, well just a couple of days, Howard decided to book a trip to the Barbados house as a surprise.” Ana made her way round to stir the soup on the large gas stove, she was very slightly shaking her head, disappointed in the Starks. They are they even taking Tony?  Are just leaving him home alone till Christmas, well not alone, she thought, the Jarvis family would take care of him. “Are you taking Tony?” trying to act calm, “No, I’m not taking the boy, his friend is here, I might have if he wasn’t and I forgot to mention, we are stopping at the Pentagon on the way.” Maria huffed at Howard’s response, “Not again Howard, you said Barbados.” Standing up straight crossing her arms, annoyance clear on her face. “It will just be a stop on the way, the jet will barely be parked for 10 minutes.”
The pair nodded at Steve’s answer, “So, I’m guessing its Stark on the other end? Also Wing-head?” Clint took the large bite of his food, chewing obscenely loudly. “Yeah, made them so we could call each other without Howard knowing, when I joined Shield last year, I left it at the flat… wasn’t my best idea to leave it behind.” Natasha continued to watch Steve and noticed he wasn’t making a move to answer it, “Wing-head is a nickname, during my first tour selling war bonds, I had this very cheap and
Steve eye flew open at the slam of a car door. He slowly righted himself in the passenger seat, Clint opened the passenger door and stood leaning against the creaking door. “Rise and shine, I parked us just down the road of your apartment but we aren’t going anywhere near your apartment block in these uniforms.” Steve groaned to himself, slowly swinging his legs over the edge, to face out of the car. “Dude, give me fifty bucks and i’ll get us some civies.” Steve pulled apart the velcro around his neck, unzipping the panel down his chest, he reached into his inside pocket and pulled out his wallet. Flipping it open to find his bank cards, some dollars and his photo of his parents, before he was even born. They hadn’t been a perfect couple, his father was a drunk, WW1 soldier, who returned home shaken by what he saw, but back then it was just called Shell-shock. His mother a hardworking nurse, who had worked herself to her literal death.
“Steve never knew his father, but people always told him he was a lot like him. So even if your parents aren’t with you right now… you’ve got a little bit of them inside your head too.  you will figure this out. Don’t worry about that. You will get home.” Tony placed the watch into Peter’s palm, closing his finger around it. Peter had never seen this before, he assumed if it was anywhere back home it was in his Pop’s study. Maybe on a shelf up high.
“What? He’s 17, He’s had his health classes, he knows his parents still love each other, also he practically an adult!” Tony looked up to Steve across the kitchen island.
How was he? It hit him once again that it was coming up on three months, since he’d seen his parents in person. They weren’t there to ask him once he was home from school, they couldn’t help him with his homework, there wasn’t a dinner waiting for him made by his Dad for their small family to sit down and eat together. He didn’t know how their days have been since he left.
It wasn’t worth the pain and being awake through it all. Barton divided across the room, just in case the shooter was still waiting. He knelt next to Steve’s wound. “Do you want me to get it?...”
Tony sat on the end of the bed, drunk off his ass, lying down in his best friend’s bedroom. What was his life at this point? He’s a millionaire business owner, could have everything he ever wants but he’s here, lost in Steve’s room. Tony looked over onto the bed side table, Steve’s navy sketch book sat proudly under the light. Tony leaned over on his side and took the book carefully in his hands. Sitting back up, he sat it on his knees. He flipped the front cover open and sucked in a breath. A sketch of Sarah Rogers, in her kitchen in Brooklyn, happily working over the hot stove, Steve’s perspective, slightly lower to ground, from a time long gone.
Tony was beginning to get a little concerned that Steve hadn’t started writing again, lifting his head, he titled round to look up at Steve. Steve was lost in thought before he turned to look at Tony. Tony was confused, Steve couldn’t stop grinning at him, his mouth would flex between elated joy and embarrassment and a blush? Tony gestured his head back towards the paper, raising an eyebrow. Steve broke out of his glazed expression to finish his letter, signing his name. Handing it over to Tony for him to read.
Making his way up the stairs, through the main living area, Tony stopped to pick up a laundry basket that had been left on the kitchen island, loosening his tie off as he made his way down the hall to Peter’s room. He stopped just outside of his son’s room, rubbing his hand along along the door handle, taking the layer of dust with it. He wiped the dust off on the seam of his trousers, taking the handle again he opened the door.
weapons!” He knew it could be a mistake, but he fronted up to Howard. Looking down at his once friend.
Howard had invited him to the Stark family Christmas last year. It wasn’t amazing, Howard gave him an up-market house in New York somewhere, he’d never actually visited the place, never been there in his whole life, whereas Tony, bought him socks, socks with famous paintings. He loved them, he wore a hole into the Monet ones. Mrs Stark had bought him a nice set of paint brushes. One of his favourites, was a large pot of Ana’s stew to take home with home after Christmas, gosh, he ate that for weeks. He could really use some of that just now.
Steve Roger knows he’s out of his own time, he’s struggled to understand some changes that have happened to society in the past 50 years, he’s only been awake a year and half but when he woke up from the ice, he never lost his brains. Compared to his best friend, yeah, he couldn’t compare, but he’s much smarter than the average person, he has a good eye for details, facts and problem solving. So, having the future son of Tony Stark in his arms was a bit of a shock but he could now tell a lot about the boy. He took after T’s looks, he’s intelligence but his lifestyle was slightly different than his father’s, the moral compass, his compassion, some hesitation and not that Tony wasn’t compassionate, he just never shows it.
“We’re aren’t going to win this!” Steve tried to yell over the noise. Natasha gripped at her side, bruises were going to form. “I’ve got a tracker on the first truck but we can’t lose both of them, can we try and get the driver out of this one?” Steve nodded. He positioned his arms ready to launch Natasha to the top of the truck. Firing her up into the air Natasha rolled into a landing on top of the driver cab. Steve pulled himself up onto the roof, reaching down to pull up his shield. Throwing it to the winter solider who dodged out of the way. But it was enough to catch Clint’s attention. He ran backwards towards the truck, leaping the gap, shooting out the drive as Natasha jumped in the passenger side to take control.
“Karen you still alive?” He pulled the suit out the backpack side pocket, “Yes Peter, status update battery at eighteen percent, No communication with Stark family servers. Where are we now Peter?” He moved to sit the mask on the desk, leaning up against the empty pen pot. He grabbed the kettle and poured it into his dinner. “Georgia. I think, some lucky Shield agent spotted me outside of North Carolina, so I’ve just stopped now. I think I’ll be in the clear for a couple of days.”
Then the face tattoo guy was suddenly there, and it was all Steve could do to stay on his feet. He lost count of the other guys, but hoped Tony was holding his own. He had to remind himself that Tony was Iron Man, and no matter what else that meant, he wasn't a stranger to fighting.
The statement was met with silence. Everyone knew who Obadiah Stane was. Tony’s closest relative after his parents died, the guy who helped him run the company from the beginning. On one hand, if anyone would be able to get away with selling the weapons right under Tony’s nose, it would be him. On the other hand, he was dead and would be the perfect person to blame if Tony had something to hide.
His team was small, but they were the most ruthless and efficient people Steve had ever met. And they trusted him enough to lead them.
for who he was.
“We would be risking a lot by waiting, Steve,” Natasha said. “All for what? A gut feeling? You’re biased, you know that.”
Understanding filled Steve’s eyes. Tony looked away.
And yet, it didn’t come close to the place that Tony took him to.
“Speak of the devil,” Natasha murmured, sitting down and typing something too fast for Steve to catch.
Steve was next to Tony in a second (and any other time Tony would marvel at the speed in which Steve crossed the room to get to him) giving him his jacket to breathe through.
Tony looked to the side. “Steve, it’s not your fault I’m here.”
“What happened?” Tony asked. His voice was weak and shallow but Tony tried not to let it bother him. Bother him that Steve was hearing it.
The dream changed for the third time. A blank canvas was in front of him, waiting to be made into art. His brush had been dipped into bright red color. Less like the red of the nails from the previous dream and more like the metallic red from the first one. He put the brush to the canvas. His hand glided through, removing blankness from the paper, occasionally going back to dip into more paint, more red. He could not see the whole picture he was painting - such was the way in the dream - but he saw the lines his hands made and knew it was beautiful, masterful. He could not wait to see it.
He was very good at compartmentalizing.
talk all night, but decided to keep that comment to himself. Instead, he said, a little bashfully, “I like listening to you talk.”
"The rest of you are dismissed. We'll have that briefing tomorrow morning."
First, some stupid robot (‘
“Yes, it’s very stealthy, all red and gold like that,” Steve shot back. He saw Natasha and Bruce exchanging glances but he didn’t care what they thought right now.
“I need you to give me time to prove Tony’s innocent.”
Steve was starting to have a bad feeling about this whole situation. But he nodded. “Okay.”
“Let’s go,” he said once they broke apart. Tony smiled.
Steve trailed of again, words caught in his throat.
“This is great,” Clint was saying next to Steve. “This could put Hammer in jail for forever.”
He did not notice the moment he decided to move, did not notice the movement. One second he was standing, a single thought of want frozen in time. And the next second his lips were sealed to Tony's, too much, too fast. Not enough.
And it was true, but Steve couldn’t regret it. Once he stared talking to Tony, he couldn’t stop. Tony told him everything, about Afghanistan, about Stane, about the hunt for his weapons. And in turn Steve told Tony more about the war, about what led to the founding of the organization. They talked until it seemed like they would never stop, until JARVIS had to alert them that Black Widow was sending them more messages, saying that their hour was up and they better hurry or she would kick their respective asses.
, thought Tony. “I don't need you to protect me! So maybe I couldn't have fought stupidbots hand to hand but there were other ways in which I could have helped. With the civilians or the police, hell, even the SHIELD agents that were around the place. Benching me was a stupid idea, you're just too blind to see it for
Before Steve could figure out an answer to that, Tony was already moving, pointing to a row of elevators, “How about I give you the rest of the tour?”
Steve still couldn’t comprehend it. He didn’t want to acknowledge it in his mind.
Tony, tired and battle-weary, did not realize the true meaning behind that statement.
He watched Steve's face for a moment.
“Yeah. Vulnerable,” Steve said.
Tony shook his head. "There are easier ways to do that," his voice was soft now, almost sad. "You accuse me of doing everything alone, but you do it just as much Steve. Captain."
He turned his head around to look at his hand and found another one clutching his in a tight grip. Tony's vision was still blurry so he had to let his eyes travel up the arm and shoulder before he managed to come across a face.
“Yes, actually,” she said. “We have some new information.”
“Did you guys hit your head or something?” asked Sam.
“I know, don’t worry.”
"Fine, maybe next time I'll make it black," Tony muttered.
“I told you. I was pushing your buttons.”
They stared at each other for a moment. Tony was holding his breath but he wasn't even aware he was waiting for something, not until Steve's lips closed around his own and
“But we do always wear our uniforms on the base. I put that as the number one rule.”
Natasha nodded. She didn’t say thank you again. Tony smiled wider.
“And do you know a lot of soldiers?” Steve grinned.
The coffee shop across the Tower was big and expensive, not usually Steve’s type. But he was already there and the view was amazing, so he decided to treat himself.
Steve didn’t answer. He didn’t need to. It was obvious enough.
They were in Tokyo for two days until the actual meeting. They got special quarters and were shown around the facility but were not advised (it's not like they could keep them by force) to go outside.
Tony narrowed his eyes, as if he wasn’t expecting Steve to be nice to him. Then shrugged, as if it didn’t matter to him whether they were sitting down or standing up.
Someone was rescuing them? Tony thought he might've heard the Hulk roar.
Natasha looked at him disapprovingly for a second, before turning back to Iron Man. “Don’t do anything stupid,” she said.
Bucky was on a personal mission in Russia. Steve tried to plead with him to stay, help him run the organization. But in the end, he knew this was something Bucky had to do. Hunt down the people responsible for what had happened to him. Steve wanted to see them brought down almost as much as Bucky did. Still, it was a constant ache, being without his best friend, and one he had learn to deal with over time.
Tony came to stand beside him, close but not touching. The urge to hold him and forget about everything else was still there, but there was also something in Steve that just wanted to move away. Leave Tony behind and never look back. But it was too late for walking away. His heart would not be safe either way.
He sat down on the opposite side of Clint and Natasha, who looked at him expectantly.
But drawing was always calming for him, so he liked to do it when something was bothering him, simply to get his mind off of it for a few hours.
“Do I?” asked Tony softly.
Tony looked at him with his big, brown eyes. He was worried, looking at Steve like he expected him to bolt any time soon. Steve wondered what his expression was like if it got Tony to look at him like that.
“Thanks, Bruce,” Steve said. “Anyway…”
And it was all his fault. He was the one who invited Tony to his base, who told him about the Mandarin. He was the reason Tony went searching for his weapons.
When Steve founded the organization, right after coming home from the army, he did it because of people like them. Finding out some disturbing facts about the people responsible for the sufferings Steve had witnessed made him want to bring them to justice in any way he could. Because they were untouchable by law. Money bought them power and power bought them security. So Steve decided to do something about it. And he wasn’t alone in that.
It hurt to think about it. It hurt so much, the knowledge that if Steve had just talked to Tony, told him everything, that it would have changed everything. Steve wouldn’t have lost Tony. They would have still been friends. Maybe they would have been something more. Maybe, if Steve weren’t such a coward, he would have taken that chance, the only chance he got, to tell Tony how he felt. Because Tony was single for the first time since they met, and Steve was too busy denying his feelings and fighting with Tony, to grab that chance.
A long overdue shower was what all of them craved and Steve especially itched to get the colorless dust off of him. After, he put on his most vibrant sweater, a blue, white and red monstrosity Natasha got him one Christmas. He could not understand his restlessness and fixation with colors so he tried to let it out by painting. He had not painted a lot in his life, preferring the efficiency and simplicity of a pen. But that evening he got all of his colors out and in the end he painted the most beautiful landscape, all greens and yellows, oranges and browns.
Steve wasn’t. He raised an eyebrow and Iron Man sighed. Is sounded like static from his voice modulator.
“Maybe if Tony hadn't decided to take a nap in the middle of the fight, that would have gone smoother,” said Clint. He was joking, Tony knew that, but it still made something ugly crawl at the pit of his stomach.
“Yes, well you're not the only one who speaks it and you're definitely not the only one who knows how to negotiate,” Fury was looking at him like he was daring him to disagree.
He was there with Natasha, Clint, Sam and Bruce. Thor was back in his home country, where he had to go to deal with his brother, which was why he wasn’t around much lately.
Steve’s stomach turned. No, of course Tony didn’t know about him. And now he was going to find out. He was going to find out in the worst possible way, and Steve won’t even be there to explain.
“Oh? And who is your friend?” Tony asked. He didn’t look like he doubted the story at all, which was good.
The guy walked up to Steve, slowly. It was like he considered himself a predator and Steve the helpless prey. Maybe in that moment, he wasn’t so off the mark.
, he typed.
But then that same guy who recognized Steve, went back to the desk, rummaged through it, and came back with a magazine. Steve couldn’t believe these guys read magazines. It was just his luck, really.
“What?” Steve asked, still stuck in his thoughts.
“Yeah,” Steve said. “It’s perfect. I just… I was wondering if you wanted to hear that story now.”
Natasha shook her head, “Not yet.”
This was one of those moments. Where you have to make a decision, and then you have to live with that decision. But at the end of the day, it was not a hard decision to make.
It was still weird, seeing it displayed like this. In a place crowded with people, where everyone can just stare at it. Sort of like he was doing right now.
“Okay, but not here,” Steve looked around. There was not a lot of people around, but he would still have liked to do it in private.
“I’m afraid we’ll have to keep that information to ourselves,” Natasha said mildly. “But I
“Why didn’t you say something?”
“Because I say so,” Tony said softly before stepping around Steve to leave the room.
“Iron Man, the robots are moving south toward civilians,” came Steve's stern Captain America voice through the coms and Tony knew immediately what he had to do.
Tony nodded.
Tony noticed Steve yelling at the agents, asking them what the guy's demands were, and to
brutally efficient.
Ever since Iron Man hit the scene, there had been many run in’s with him and Steve’s crew. Since they both seemed to target the same corrupt businessmen, it was only the matter of time, really.
Steve blushed. He hadn’t actually seen Tony completely naked. The thing was that Tony never took his shirt off. At first Steve thought that Tony just forgot about it in the heat of the moment but when he realized later that it was on purpose, he asked Tony about it. Tony confessed that he had scars on his chest from an accident, and that one day he would tell Steve the whole story, but until then the shirt stayed on. Steve insisted he didn’t mind the scars, having some himself, but he didn’t push. He knew that it took time to open up to someone and show them all your most vulnerable sides, and he was willing to wait until Tony was comfortable enough around him to do so.
Before Tony could argue the validity of that statement, the doors opened. Fury had a presence in every room that even Steve could not question. His black coat was the darkest color in the room.
“What?”
“Okay, let’s go, show’s over,” Natasha said, and started to usher her teammates out of the hangar.
He walked down the stairs separating the platform he was on from the rest of the room in a daze. He thought he should have probably waited another time because Tony was still taking to that other guy and Steve felt awkward. But before he could back off, Tony lifted his head and looked straight at him, raising a questioning eyebrow. 'No backing away now, he already noticed me' was Steve's last thought before he was standing in front of Tony and the guy.
The outside was sunny and warm, so unlike Steve's mood. He didn't recognize the landscape, but he knew they had to still be in New York.
“Unfortunately not, Johnson has been very clear that Hammer destroyed any evidence pointing to his relations with the Mandarin.”
Tony was looking at him again, like he was trying to figure him out. “I barely know you. Why do I feel like I can trust you already?”
Steve tried not to come off as too defensive. Sam didn’t know any better, after all. “No. There is no thing with Tony Stark, okay? And we didn’t find anything on him either.”
The robots were not getting the memo, though.
“Yeah,” Tony whispered. His eyes were soft, vulnerable. Steve could see in that moment, as clear as day, that Tony would do anything to protect her. Then he shut the phone down and set it aside. “Wanna watch a movie?”
“How did you find out about it?” asked Tony. He was highly suspicious and Steve couldn’t blame him. For all he knew, they wanted to lock him up for something he didn’t do.
“Holy shit,” whispered Clint.
Steve stared at Tony for a few seconds. Then burst out laughing.
Tony grinned when he saw Steve looking around.
Thor, who still hadn't exactly managed to grasp the idea of mobile phones. Tony didn't bother to leave a message. Instead he called Steve and only after the fact did he realize that he and Steve weren't exactly on good terms and he could have called any of the other Avengers.
“So, who did?” Clint asked then, too curious to stay away from the conversation any longer. “Do you know?”
Steve wished he had time to tell her how brilliant she was. But they had to keep moving. He would tell her later.
“This way,” Tony said, taking a right turn.
It was uncoordinated and messy, until Tony huffed a laugh, shifted, and aligned Steve’s head to a better position. And then they were really kissing, Steve letting Tony take control. He was good at it, surprisingly so, though Steve figured a guy like Tony probably had a lot of experience.
Steve’s phone rang with a message.
“Sure you are,” agreed Fury and Tony was instantly on alert. Fury wouldn't just agree with him unless... “You're also the most likely one to screw it up. By bringing a weaponized suit of armor for example.”
“Look, Tony, I’m so sorry. I know I shouldn’t have lied to you but… And now you’re here because of me, and if you get hurt it will be my fault, and Tony, I can’t… Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“Do you see what I’m usually dealing with?” Stark rolled his eyes. “Trust me, those people never have good ideas, or they have an idea but have no clue how to make it happen so they expect me to do it.”
Tony bit his lip. He didn’t want to face Steve.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” he mumbled.
Until...
Steve smiled. "It's a very awesome legacy."
“And who am I?” Tony asked. He was usually so full of energy, it was weird to see him be so still, so focused. Serious. “Am I Tony Stark? A genius, billionaire with a narcissistic streak and a penchant for young blondes? Am I Iron Man, a guy who can’t listen to orders and likes to do everything by himself, which would include big explosions and property damage? Am I your boyfriend or the guy you won’t call when things get serious because you don’t trust him not to blow up your boyfriend for allegedly illegally selling weapons? Who am I Steve? Who am I to you?”
in his tone. None of the Captain America sternness he adopted when in the suit.
And on one hand, he was so much more in love with him, knowing Tony went out there, fighting the same battles Steve did.
“He said he’s making progress but he didn’t want to indulge any details,” Natasha said with a wry twist to her lips.
When they went to bed that evening, they only cuddled up close to each other, too tired for anything else.
Natasha looked at him sadly, as if she knew exactly what he was thinking.
It was only three of them, the face tattoo guy in the front, two guys behind him, dragging someone with a bag on his head.
Tony stared, surprised. “Okay. I wasn’t expecting that.”
It was a gas bomb, small but unmistakable and everyone was surprised for just long enough for it to activate without them reacting.
Suddenly, there was a noise in the hallway. Tony looked at Steve with wide eyes. “I thought you were watching the door.”
The change in the atmosphere was almost tangible. When before their focus on the fight ahead was making them ignore the matter of their identities, now it all came flowing out, destructive and dangerous.
“But Steve, we have to,” Sam insisted. “It’s tradition.”
Everything ended up being a trap, bad guys storming the place (and Tony couldn't even tell you who they were, they were so unimpressive) and the team had to resort to a physical fight (despite Fury's insistence that this had to go down smoothly instead. But it's not like it was their fault!). And Tony having brought no suit (again at the insistence of Fury, ‘
“Listen,” Steve said. “Things didn’t match and we wanted to make sure. The last thing we want is to accuse someone of something they didn’t do. Especially you. You know what it would meant, accusing you of this.”
Tony turned to look at him. “Do you think we can do it?”
“No problem,” Tony smiled, and Steve was so relived he didn’t lose it, this warm and affectionate Tony with his soft smiles and his warm eyes. “Now, I’m sending a message back to Widow that I’m bringing you back to the base in an hour. Is that okay? I thought we could talk some more before confronting your friends.”
Suddenly there was a hand on his shoulder. Tony flinched. The hand relaxed but didn't move, as if the person hesitated but didn't want to let go.
Tony frowned. “But…” he started but couldn’t finish. He looked away.
Tony Stark was Iron Man.
“You know, you really need a name for that,” Tony said to Steve over his shoulder. “Show me the messages, J.”
“And what’s that,” Tony asked, looking him straight in the eyes, challenging.
So, Steve would give him the benefit of the doubt. Even if it risked everything they worked for so far.
He smiled, thankful, “Lead the way.”
He steeled himself. Then got inside. Then almost laughed out loud.
“And why would you do that?”
Iron Man threw his hands out as if in surrender, “Hey, just thought I’d point out you got that last wire wrong. Wouldn’t want you to crash because your pride didn’t allow you to accept help.”
It’s been a while since he let himself have this, always on high alert at the compound, always busy, always working.
“Nice to meet you, Steve Rogers,” Stark said, and he sounded amused but pleased, still looking at Steve like he was the only person in the room. It was a bit disorienting.
He could almost feel JARVIS’s disagreement but he did as Tony said. Still, Steve was not impressed.
Luckily, Bruce came to his rescue, telling Steve he should check on Tony to see if he had any injuries (Tony would have protested, because he was
“Always,” Iron Man replied. It sounded like an inner joke. He saluted Steve before he went up in the sky, and through the open roof.
“What?” Tony asked, baffled.
“Cap, you said you’re going to prove he’s innocent. Any idea on how to do that?” Sam asked.
‘I sincerely hope that is not a marriage proposal,’ Valkyrie raises an eyebrow.
‘True,’ he slings an arm around her waist and pulls her close.
Steve sighs, feeling himself deflate slightly, and goes to join the other man at the railing. ‘I don’t know, Tony; and I get the feeling you like it about as much as I do.’
There’s another voice laughing in the background. ‘Have you discovered it is inadvisable to trust Valkyrie with the bar, Tony?’ Loki asks.
Peter opens and closes his mouth a few times obviously trying to think of an answer, and Steve realises that he hasn’t seen the whole team is there in the auditorium. Whatever he says he doesn’t know Bucky is going to hear it. ‘I guess I’d want to say: thank you.’ He looks back up from the floor to where Ned is sitting. ‘I’d want to say thank you for what he did for Captain Rogers and what he does for the team. But most of all I’d want to say thank you for accepting me, an awkward, nerdy kid from Queens, and for being my friend.’
Steve just realises what he’s blurted out. Well he’s just going to have to run with it now. ‘You asked where I’d like to go,’ he says, trying to pretend to be more relaxed about it than his racing heart was suggesting and shrugging, ‘there’s an Italian round the corner from me. Giacomo’s. I mean…’ he tries not to fidget, ‘if you don’t have any other plans do you fancy going? Tonight?’
‘She wasn’t?’
Tony laughs and shakes his head. ‘Looks like she was already a sentimental woman when I knew her.’
to know how you discovered that piece of information.’
‘I honestly don’t know, but it was really refreshing to be spoken to like a normal person.’
The trickster laughs. ‘No I suppose you didn’t. I should start by saying you look beautiful tonight, my dear Widow.’
Bucky bursts out laughing, spraying the aforementioned soldier with his drink he’d been halfway through at Tony’s comment, and promptly started chocking on what was left, needing Sam to come to his rescue with a couple of back slaps.
The team discuss the Wakandan Accords; there's debate over pizza; and Steve and Tony take another step in their relationship
‘I, uh, I may have-’
Tony stands next to T’Challa as Thor brings out the Yule log, which apparently was one of the branches they’d cut off from the tree they used to make the table. Honestly as far as Tony’s concerned it just looks like a normal log to him. But whatever, symbolism and all that.
‘Come on, Cap, let’s get out there and say hi to everyone,’ the shorter man says, clapping a hand on his shoulder and steering him out the door.
‘He said what?’ Tony demands.
of them. I just didn’t want you to feel that you had to take this form if you did not want to; you are my brother whether you look Asgardian or Jotun.’
‘He’s after the stones?’ the male who looks to be human asks, the green skinned woman at his side narrows her eyes.
‘No, as long as it is done and ready to be put on the table for the Yule Feast,’ Loki answers, looking at his own block of clay with a frown. ‘I’d forgotten about this tradition, and I notice you didn’t mention it to me before today,’ he raises an eyebrow at his brother.
It’s been a month since Wanda and Bucky were taken. A week and a half since Bucky attacked them with Zemo and they moved into the house.
‘Can we…can we head outside for a minute?’ Clint gestures to the balcony and Loki nods, following the archer.
‘There are guards posted all around the building, Miss Romanov,’ one of the lawyers assures her, ‘no one is allowed in unless they have a security pass and are part of the trial.’
Drax follows next, having been over enthusiastic in his consumption earlier in the night like Clint had been. Quill follows not long after, singing to himself as Rhodes and Wade drag him to his room between them.
‘What? Why-’
‘Alright, what should we do first do you think?’
‘Rhodey the first time this happened we ended up with Tony becoming Iron Man and he nearly died from palladium poisoning; after New York he built an army of robots and nearly had a mental breakdown, and that led to Ultron. After the Accords…look every time something like this happens to Tony and he’s left alone to work on his projects it ends up getting
He sighs happily and snuggles back into the warmth as Steve presses a light kiss to his shoulder. ‘Good morning,’ Steve murmurs into his ear.
‘Bucky stop scaring the kids!’ Sam scolds him.
doesn’t know it was your house I used to run off to when we were kids do you really think I’m going to spill something like this?’
Tony and Steve creep from the bedroom, quietly closing the door behind them. ‘You got their nightlight on J?’
Before Steve can work out what the hell Bucky is on about the door opens and the very man in question walks in, apparently just finishing a call. ‘Yes Pepper I’m behaving. No why would you think that? Oh Stephen told you that did he? Well you know he’s about as trustworthy as I am. Hey! What do you mean you trust him more than me? You wound me Miss Potts. I need to speak to Bucky. That will be all, Miss Potts.’ He hangs up and rolls his eyes at Bucky. ‘Honestly that woman is
‘Apologies,’ Thor pauses and turns to the team. ‘Friends this is Brunnhilde, a Valkyrie: a warrior maiden of true nobility.’
Love always,
Scott shakes his head. ‘I need to look after Cassie; they might go after her and I can’t risk that.’
‘We’ve barely been able to get a smile out of you all week, I was scared we’d actually lost you. Hearing you teasing me again,’ Steve laughs and presses his forehead to Tony’s, ‘I can’t tell you how happy I am to hear it.’
‘Safehouse,’ Tony grins at him, relieved to see the echo of one back as he parrots the archer’s words to him from when they faced Ultron. ‘One I haven’t thought about in years, so even Wanda wouldn’t know of it.’
There is also a small part of his brain that’s been finding it incredibly difficult to get a small smile with a pair of intense dark eyes out of his head the last few weeks.
Something about his scream must have brought Thor back to his senses because the god roars, launching himself back at Thanos and sending them flying into the trees; he sees Loki, Bucky, T’Challa and Natasha go racing after them. He scrambles forwards towards the spot where Tony is laying, gasping and scratching at the ruined hole in the chest of the suit.
‘Alright, I’ll give it a go.’ She closes her eyes, frowning in concentration for a few moments. Eventually she lets out a frustrated sigh. ‘Nothing.’
‘Buying some time,’ he answers, ‘by channelling Wade.’
‘That’s a
‘Alright,’ Peter lets the Winter Soldier pull him to his feet and then, he and Ned supporting each other, they start to head off down the corridor. ‘Be careful, Bucky.’
‘I mean I
ass in the battle against Thanos remember?’
‘Well if the shoe fits,’ Rhodes shrugs.
‘Strange is a rotten cheat!’ Quill protests.
‘What the hell was all that about?’ he demands once the man is within a couple of feet.
‘Thanks,’ she takes a grateful mouthful and feels some more tension leave her as the car starts to move, ‘just be glad when this is over. All this arguing is just giving me a headache and making me worry about what is going on that we can’t see just yet.’
‘But it stops one person being able to spill all the secrets, or if their security and clearance is compromised it’s only one section of the organisation that is compromised with them,’ Bucky finishes, with a nod. ‘Perhaps not a perfect solution, but it is a solution at least.’
‘Yeah, yeah, alright, I’m getting there.’
Wade shrugs. ‘I don’t get cramp and I don’t get sore muscles, my healing takes care of that. So, yeah I’ve just been powering through and getting it done quicker than most people would.’
‘TONY!’
‘We were discussing HYDRA,’ she admits.
‘Parker, Leeds, is there something you’d like to share with the rest of us?’ their teacher’s voice cuts right to the back of the classroom.
from my
‘Senora Valdez and her knitting group made us all Christmas sweaters,’ Sam explains, ‘that ones yours and I say we all have to wear ours over Christmas.’
‘Right let’s get going,’ Sam says. ‘Bucky get in the front. We are not in Driving Miss Daisy.’
‘You said that you would spend a lot of time with her when you celebrated on Asgard?’
‘No, nothing’s happened. Everything is fine I promise,’ he tries to cut off her panicking before it gets out of hand.
‘Is Wong aware?’
‘Why not?’ Steve frowns.
‘No I got it,’ he says, putting it next to the table in a dramatic manner that would make Tony proud. ‘Man that thing is heavier than it looks.’
‘I do not want to know,’ Bruce groans, and he and Rhodes begin to shepherd the panicking customers and staff of the café out of the back doors.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Well I was thinking more spending time just the two of us outside of the facility, but if you want to do more stuff in Central Park then sure,’ Tony responds with a shrug. ‘Although…I’m not too keen on not being able to hold your hand.’ Currently said hands are thrust deep into the pocket of his hoodie to stop him from being tempted to reach out.
A/N: Hi everyone. So these three extra chapters are being put up early as a tribute to Stan Lee. I thought considering the update yesterday was Peter and Deadpool having an argument, I'd get us all back to a superfamily chapter. And Tony Stark being a parent.
Steve smiled. “I’m serious.”
Now she frowned. “That’s random,” her words were casual, but her voice was suspicious.
Peggy called to say that Tony’s evidenced matched up and he was free of all charges. Turns out that Stane sold quite a lot of weapons behind Tony’s back, and Tony has been trying to find them for a while now. Now he finally had a lead. Steve didn’t like Tony getting involved with the Mandarin but he also knew he didn’t have a choice but to let him. Tony would not listen to the Captain and Steve Rogers didn’t know anything about it. It was a messy situation, one that Steve hoped would get resolved soon.
Tony was in the same position as he has been the whole morning, sitting in a chair, his legs tucked beneath him. He felt small, incompetent, like a child in front of their parent, after they screwed up some important task.
Steve turned his thoughts back to the present. It would not be good to get distracted again.
A woman in a bright white lab coat passed him by. Her shirt was yellow. Neither color brought him comfort. Steve frowned. He was tired. The battle was sudden, long, demanding. The Avengers were at their best, but even a god or a super soldier were not immune to an exhaustion only a post-battle sudden stillness could bring. Thor was chatting up SHIELD field agents but his shoulders were down, his voice less juvenile than usual.
“Yes, I told her you’re with me.”
"A little, huh?"
Steve could almost feel his cheeks starting to burn, despite the fact that he hadn’t blushed since he was in middle school. How was Tony Stark managing to make him feel like a damn teenager again?
“Tony, what are you talking about?” Steve asked. Tony looked around. Everyone was staring at him (except for the Hulk who was still trashing some of the doombots even though they were already dead).
"You would think Fury would let us finish early since we've won," Tony said, sitting next to Steve at a big (grey) conference table.
Steve Rogers didn’t have a purpose. He had lazy days of wondering through the city every once in a while and that was enough for him.
There were a few murmurs of ‘morning’ before Clint said, “Someone’s late.”
Steve went to the door and glanced at the hallway. It was empty. For now.
“Actually I was thinking he could take you two with him,” Steve said. He wasn't even looking at Tony.
When they got back to the Tower, Tony didn’t lead Steve to the penthouse. Instead, he took him to a place Steve had never been in before, a place he knew meant more to Tony than any other. His workshop.
He owned a multi-million dollar company and could do whatever he wanted? He was considered a spoiled brat and his reputation was dragged through the mud more times than he could count. Oh and his 'father figure' was selling his weapons on the black market to his enemies.
“Then wait for it to reboot,” Cap said, not even pausing in his fighting.
Tony looked so sad looking back at Steve but his fingers were still slowly going through his hair so Steve was counting that as a win. “Steve,” it was like Tony couldn't stop saying his name, had to say it to convince himself Steve was real and really there. “Steve, I break everything I touch. I'll break you. I'll hurt you. I'm not worth it,” Tony said and that last sentence sounded so small but so sure and Steve had to close his eyes at the amount of anger he felt at everyone who ever made Tony feel that way, Howard Stark being first on the list.
Tony shook his head, “You’ll change your mind soon enough.”
“Not in time,” said Tony. “I can't... I don't know... This is nothing like I've ever seen and we've only got 3 more minutes,” he was starting to get slightly hysterical but someone grabbed his arm and turned him around.
“Good for him. What about you?” he asked casually, trying to change the subject.
“I’m counting to three,” Steve said.
“Wait, where do you guys think he’s been?” this time it was Sam who interrupted, directing his question at Natasha and Clint.
“No! Come on, you know how Iron Man’s like. Shoot first, ask questions later. You maybe don’t believe me, but I know that Tony is innocent here, and you have to let me prove that before Iron Man finds out.”
Because he did understand. He knew that Tony had Pepper now. Pepper, who loved him and who didn’t deserve what had almost happened. Steve felt guilty, thinking about her, but he couldn’t regret the moment.
“What? Steve, what are you talking about?”
Steve took a breath. “Natasha… she, um… disconnected the arc reactor from the bomb while Bruce came inside. He was a bit… well, you know what he’s like after the Hulk, confused and disoriented, but as soon as he saw you there… well, thank God, he knew what to do once Natasha gave him the arc reactor. You still weren’t responding and he said you went too long without it, but he gave you a CPR and… well, it worked.”
“You can't really compete against Captain America now, can you? Especially when you're just a kid,” she told him.
Now that Steve could take a closer look at him, Stark didn’t look as put together as Steve had originally thought. He looked tired, that bone deep exhaustion that only came with no sleep for extended periods of time paired with constant work. Steve didn’t know how a man with no working hours could not find the time to sleep, but maybe he underestimated what it took to own a billion dollar company. If you judged it by looking at Stark, it didn’t really seem like an easy job.
“Good,” smirked Tony. “You should see the one from my bedroom.”
“What’s the arc reactor?
The non-sequitur made Steve frown. “Why not? You have every right to be.”
I wanted you for so long Tony, how can you not see that?”
“I know,” Steve said. “I trust your judgment.”
Steve clenched his jaw, “We can’t just go in, guns blazing, and hope for the best. We need a plan.”
"What is the point?"
There weren’t a lot of people inside, but there weren’t a lot of tables either, especially for such a huge space. They had complete privacy, with the best spot in the restaurant. The candle on the table was reflected on the window beside them, along with the huge chandeliers overtop.
"Steve," Tony said, cautiously. "Are you okay?"
And it was dangerous as well. Steve’s night job was always going to be a priority. And keeping it a secret from someone like Stark would not be in any way easy.
“Always,” he said, the words a promise.
There was also that thing in his hand that somehow kept him grounded, kept him from freaking out even when his chest felt like something really heavy dropped on it. Something like a building perhaps.
“Thought you might hide behind your minions, like last time.”
Iron Man scoffed. “I just told you the plan. We don’t need to discuss anything. I give you the coordinates, we arrange the time, and we’ll meet there.”
Steve tensed at the use of his last name but stood his ground. “You know I didn't mean it that way Tony.”
“We called them after we found your weapons,” Natasha said. “They were the ones who confiscated it.”
“You think I should?” he looked at her. “Tell him, that is.”
"You probably don't remember, but a few years ago, I disappeared for 3 months. Then I came back, as if nothing had happened, and the whole thing was swept under a rug. A few months later, Obbie died." Tony looked at Steve, and his eyes were vulnerable. He was opening up, Steve realized. And though he was mad and hurt and confused, Steve wanted to listen to him. He wanted to know what really happened.
“And what did you expect?”
Steve shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t need to explain himself to them. But that apparently only made him more suspicious, as Clint and Natasha exchanged meaningful glances and even Bruce and Sam looked intrigued.
“I was worried.”
Steve used to blame Bucky for what he did that night. Sacrificing himself so that everyone could live. He’d have to stop doing that. It would make him a hypocrite, after today.
“Yes,” Tony said and didn’t elaborate. He waited for her to continue.
Johnson looked livid until she started batting her eyelashes at him, apologizing. She tried to clean up the mess with her hands but it was hopeless.  Johnson put his hand on her back, no doubt reassuring her that it was fine. Steve saw her lean in and whisper something in his ear until Johnson grinned and nodded. He started walking toward the restroom, Natasha on his heels.
“So,” Steve said, “How’s the company doing?”
“What?” Tony sat down straight. “Why did you tell him that?”
Steve wasn't looking at him as he spoke. “Listen, Tony. I... I appreciate you waiting for us and not engaging with Loki on your own.”
As soon as Iron Man caught sight of him, he proclaimed, “There he is. My favorite Captain.”
Tony was silent for a long moment. “You’re going to love Peter,” he said in the end. “He reminds me of you. The way he sees the good in everyone. His optimism and energy. He just wanted to help. He thought that because he got these powers, it was his duty to help.”
Steve couldn’t quite keep the grin off his face.
Tony suppressed a flinch. Steve must have noticed it anyway because he frowned. “You don’t believe me?”
Dammit. JARVIS was smart enough to read the situation and lie to Steve, if he felt like Tony needed him to, which meant his smartass AI purposely led Steve to Tony’s door.
After, you think about what you could have done differently. You analyze every moment, every second, and think,
There it was. Truth time. “Tony Stark.”
“I don’t get it,” Clint said, frustrated. He was pacing back and forth, glancing at the barricaded door every few seconds. “How could SHIELD betray us?”
“I know,” Tony said, but the hitch in his breath betrayed him. He didn’t know. He wasn’t sure, until now, that it was really true. Like the fact that Steve Rogers loved Tony Stark wasn’t engraved in every star in all the universes.
“Because it’s not connected to the arc reactor,” Tony said absently, looking from room to room.
Before Steve could start speaking for the third time though, Thor decided to join in the conversation. “Oh, is this about Captain’s thing with Tony Stark?”
“Hi?” Steve said, uncertain. He looked at Tony, “You have your own AI?”
“It wasn’t SHIELD,” said Steve, trying to remain calm. Flashes of that night kept popping up in his head. Flashed of Bucky. “It was someone inside SHIELD.”
He was everything Tony wanted. So Tony was going to give him a chance. He was going to give himself a chance.
Steve hesitated. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Well, it might be worth a try,” she said. “And who knows, maybe it goes somewhere.”
Tony made a sound, confusion, surprise all mingling in one. But he did not move away.
So there they were, in the middle of the meeting, Tony explaining all the ways in which both sides could benefit from forming an alliance (both in military, weaponry and financial aspects) when the first hit came.
Steve and Tony looked at each other. Steve felt amazed that even with the faceplate he could tell what Tony was thinking. He nodded.
“We're all a little broken, Tony. That doesn't define us. You're perfect despite being broken and it's that that makes you the man that you are. Lesser people would have crumbled long ago but you still stand and fight. You care about what happens to this stupid planet even when it hurts you over and over again.”
Tony was professional and aloof and calculating. Everything you would expect him to be in front of strangers with unknown agendas. And all Steve wanted was to see Tony’s real smile and soft eyes.
“You wanted to ask me a question?” Steve prompted.
“Yeah, sorry. You’ll get used to them.”
Now all Steve had to do was wait. He trusted Natasha’s ability to extract information but he was still anxious. He preferred the real fight, out in the open, not sneaking around and waiting, playing the part of someone he hated.
Until Steve said he wanted him and then it finally made sense. He understood what was really going on.
Steve turned back to look. And dammit, but Iron Man was right. This never would have happened if Steve wasn’t so distracted by the other man. Now he’s never going to let him live this down.
“So, I’m gonna need you to focus, okay? I’ll explain everything once we get out, but until then, just follow my lead.”
, but he didn't speak Japanese so his efforts were fruitless, but he looked so desperate and Tony had to do something.
“It is, isn’t it,” said Tony. “There’s nothing quite like New York at night.”
Eventually, she nodded. “I’ll see what I can do. It shouldn’t be that hard considering he’s one of the most powerful people in the country. No one actually wants to go against him.”
“I can’t,” Tony rasped, the words barely audible.
Steve opened his mouth to retort but before he could Iron Man disconnected the video feed and left them with a blank screen.
The thing was… Tony trusted him. Since the beginning, he was nothing but open with Steve. And for some bizarre reason, Steve wanted to confide in Tony. If he couldn’t tell him he was the Captain, at least he could tell him this. This story that used to control Steve’s life, and is still influencing his decisions. This story that’s the reason for everything that’s going on in his life.
Stark looked at him again, intensely, like he was really looking at
“And can you tell her I’m fine?”
“Night, Steve,” Tony said, or tried to. But it didn’t matter because he will be saying it for many more years to come.
Clint frowned, “He probably didn’t find anything yet, it’s only been a day.”
“So what’s our next move?” Sam asked.
Fortunately, some businessman with grays in his hair approached them. He turned toward Stark and seemed to be completely ignoring Steve. “Mr. Stark, here you are. My business partner and I were wondering if you had a few minutes to spare, we’ve had this wonderful idea about…” the man’s voice blurred in Steve’s head as he caught Stark’s exasperated but amused gaze.
They were on the one side of the door, desk pushed in front of it, waiting for the horde of Mandarin’s henchmen to break in.
The leader took another chair and placed it right in front of Steve. And then they sat Tony down on it and tied him up.
But in that moment he didn't care about appearing weak. As long as Steve stayed with him, holding him, Tony didn't care about anything else.
“Well, what is it?” Sam asked.
Steve swallowed. “You’re lying.”
“I do, actually,” Iron Man replied smugly, which kind of proved Steve’s point.
“How is that even possible?” asked Natasha. “This isn't nuclear weapon. Is it?”
Tony shook his head. “I haven't seen anything like it either. But...” he walked to where the bomb seemed to be fused with the wall, numbers displaying 4 more minutes until detonation.
“You’re no fun,” he muttered, then said louder, “I’ve narrowed down the place of the meeting. We could go today, start at opposite sides and move to the center, trapping them in the middle. Should be fairly easy to subdue them.”
Steve smiled at this man, so bright and full of life. He couldn’t wait for Tony to put the armor on and to fly with him, because even though they’ve only done it twice so far, it was fast becoming Steve’s new favorite thing in the world. And then they were going to go to Tony’s penthouse which Steve would not leave until he showed Tony just how much he loved him.
But he was getting ahead of himself.
Granted, there were a lot of things to be jealous of when it came to Tony Stark. His wealth, his genius, his good looks... To name a few. Steve was never jealous over any of those.
His blond hair was messy, and his clothes were rumpled, and he seemed as if hadn’t moved from his chair for a while.
So, maybe Steve didn't often get jealous, but he did recognize the feeling.
“He doesn't look like he wants to be rescued.” Steve murmured, looking at how Tony's arm started to move up and down the guy's forearm. All the hope that Steve didn't even realize sneaked up on him, suddenly left, leaving him empty.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Steve asked and just as Tony opened his mouth to answer, started again. “No, don't answer that, clearly you weren't thinking.”
“Any news from Bucky?” Steve asked as they were gathering their things.
Steve was frozen to the spot, feeling like everything he thought he knew was wrong, and not really minding. “Wow,” he said. “I must admit, I’m pleasantly surprised. Forgive me for saying this, but you don’t seem this way in the press.”
“I don’t know,” he answered in the end. “I don’t know what would have happened.”
Because they could have been, right? Steve could see it now, in Tony’s eyes. They both felt so much, too much, that the only options were happiness or destruction. And without knowing it, they chose destruction.
Steve stared for a moment. “The kids?” he asked, before he could stop himself.
But Steve wasn’t sure he wanted to. He liked having a purpose, having something to fight for, something to protect.
“Thank you,” Steve said, hugging her once more.
“What, you’re telling me you’ve never done that?” Tony asked.
He was really starting to feel pathetic, watching once again as Tony flirted shamelessly with a group of young, obviously charmed, people. Steve's mind couldn't help but wonder which one of them Tony would bring home with him tonight.
“Peggy, I need you to not do anything about it.”
"What ride?"
Steve Rogers was a man of his word. He never lied. He never wanted to hurt anyone.
But Steve didn't believe him. He was still looking at him with that face, that
He turned around when he heard Tony chuckle. He was a mess, lips red, hair disheveled, eyes bright with humor. He was gorgeous.
"It's not about trust," Steve yelled. They were still in the building, and more bad guys could find them any second now, but it's like neither of them cared in that moment. "It's about you always thinking you can do everything on your own. You're not the only person stuck in this situation."
“Or admit that you sold the weapons yourself,” added Natasha. “Did you?”
Stark was smiling again, and Steve couldn’t help but stare. “When you’ve been in the public eye from the young age you learn to manipulate the press to your advantage.”
Walking into the room, he breathed a sigh of relief when he noticed someone else was awake, sitting on the couch. While he wasn’t in the mood to have a conversation, he knew that just being in the room with someone else would quiet his anxiety.
“Were you listening to our conversation?” Steve asked. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten to turn off his coms.
Clint now also noticed that something was wrong, and they both started moving toward her.
Everyone here was rich and powerful, and aware of it.
Steve looked down. The drawing, which until that point seemed elegant and beautiful, now seemed small and undeserving. “This is really nothing,” Steve said, grimacing at his sketchbook.
The words were a blow more than the others were. Tony seemed to realize it as soon as he said it, remembered the story of Bucky, and why this situation was so much more painful for Steve than it should have been. Tony's eyes were wide and regretful, and Steve felt a spark of pleasure at making him show emotion.
Tony seemed to notice his hesitation. “You don’t have to talk about it. I’m sorry. I should have realized it would be a sensitive topic. We can talk about something else.”
Iron Man was arrogant, flashy. His bright red and gold suit was the polar opposite from Steve’s subtle blacks and blues.
“Can you send it to Widow as well?”
“Do we have to?” he asked. He knew he sounded petulant, and that, as the leader, he had to consider the benefits for the group and not his own personal feelings, but it was hard to do that when Iron Man was involved.
“Wait,” she threw out her hand. They stopped. Whatever it was she was looking at, she didn’t want them to see it. But she knew they had to. So she slowly lowered her hand and looked at Steve with regret.
The thug smiled, all teeth. “No, you’re all mine.”
Despite Sam looking like he desperately wanted to hear the story now, they seemed to give up, Clint even raising his hands in mock surrender.
He was proud of it, he could admit it. Despite his disagreements with the man inside, that armor was a piece of art, and Steve had always been fascinated with it.
So they followed him, and believed in him, and Steve was grateful every day for them, because he knew that he could never do this alone.
It started like this.
Tony’s mouth opened on a silent gasp. He still didn’t say anything, letting Steve say everything in his own time.
“And why is that?” said Steve calmly. At least he hoped it was calmly.
Steve signed. “I thought you knew. Hence the whole...” he waived his hand, not being able to say
“What if he doesn't know how you feel?” she asked.
And Tony, he was… overwhelming on a good day. So full of energy and ideas, he was fascinating to watch. He could have the whole room eating out of his hand within the first few minutes of walking inside it. People were drawn to him, not only because he was the richest man in the country, but because he could make you feel like you were the most important person just because you had his attention, even for a few seconds. His charisma and ability to navigate any situation made him the most popular person in any room.
Tony frowned. “What does she have to do with this?”
The drive back to the base was uneventful, as it usually was after a mission. The Quinjet was quiet and peaceful, a stark contrast to the loudness of the battle.
“But nothing. If Tony really did sell those weapons, I’ll lock him in a prison cell myself. But I don’t believe he did, Pegs. I really, really don’t. This is not just a hunch,” he glanced at Natasha.
Yeah, no.
There was a beat of silence before he looked back up at her. She had a small, surprised smile on her face. “Honestly, I was starting to think I’d never live to see the day,” she said when she caught him looking. At his confused frown, she elaborated, “You having feelings for someone.”
Steve looked back at Tony desperately. “Just go,
Nick Fury was going on and on about their techniques and what worked and what needed improvements. It wall all rather dull, and Tony barely heard half of it.
Steve glared at her. “Did you need something?”
"Pepper and Rhodey were an exception, if only because they were already in my life. And they wouldn't let me put distance between us, no matter how much I tried."
“It’s not really my story to tell,” said Steve, hoping Tony would understand.
Tony was laying on his side, his head on Steve’s chest. Steve’s hand on Tony’s waist. Steve wasn’t sure what the movie was called, but it was a mindless action movie that was perfect for the evening. Steve didn’t care about it, anyway. He was more concentrated on Tony’s warmth next to him.
“I always worry,” she said before waving at them and slipping back through the trees.
“I know that! But Tony, we're talking about aliens and robots and... And this isn't something you can protect yourself from with clever words or comebacks. If you're caught without your suit... You're dead Tony. And that isn't me saying you're not valuable without the suit, this is me saying you're too valuable. We need you. Iron Man
“Iron Man. I’d say it’s a pleasure to see you again, but it’s not.”
It was overwhelming suddenly, this thing in his chest that seemed to beat in time with Tony’s breath.
No such luck. As soon as her name left his lips, Tony’s smile grew wider, in a way that showed fondness and affection. “Jan!” Tony exclaimed, bright and happy. “She’s a good friend of mine as well. How do you know her?”
Tony hesitated. This still didn’t seem real.
“No,” Steve agreed with a smile. “But it was a welcome distraction from the world back then.”
As if summoned, the machines at the end of the room started moving, and Steve realized they were big robotic hands.
Maybe it was because Stark was a mystery. A man that seemed bigger than life, but was so down to earth in reality. Maybe it was because Steve prided himself on his ability to read people, and yet he had misjudged Stark for the simple reason of letting the media influence his view of the man. Maybe he just wanted to know who Stark really was, when there was no camera in his vicinity. Or maybe Steve just had a type and gorgeous, snarky, intelligent brunets were exactly that.
It was a mess, this whole situation, and Tony didn’t know what to do.
"You didn't have to, someone wrote a wrong code in a classified SHIELD program and nobody could figure out why it wasn't working." Tony's helmet retracted and he leaned his back on the railing, closing his eyes.
“Well, I’d like to date you,” Steve said bluntly. “We can take it as slow as you want. I’m patient.”
“Anything is fine,” said Steve, turning back toward the view.
They moved toward each other, almost in a trance. It was like the world ceased to exist, this moment frozen in time. But their lips touched for barely a fracture of a second before Tony put his hand on Steve’s chest, halting him.
Tony didn’t say anything, but he moved aside, leaving room on the couch for Steve. There was tension between them, now more than in the light of day. They were both careful around each other, as if one wrong word could break the fragile friendship they settled on.
“Let me put this in a way that you understand Stark. Either you agree to my terms or you don't go at all,” Fury said in his best I'm-completely-serious-and-you-have-to-listen-to-me voice. Tony wasn't buying it (okay, maybe a little bit... Fury was scary).
Steve felt a pang of sympathy for Tony. He would hate being used like that, especially since he didn’t want to make weapons anymore anyway. But whoever was doing it must be found out. And to do that, they needed Tony. He was the only one who could find out what’s really going on.
But Steve’s eyes were drawn to the far wall, where Iron Man armors, at least a dozen of them, stood behind glass, on display.
“You can lie to yourself Tony but you can't lie to me.”
“You going after him?” Natasha asked casually, as if she was talking about the weather.
Steve smiled at him. “Of course.”
Steve swallowed. “I do.”
Steve sat down, while Tony went to get them something to drink. “Are you hungry? We could order something,” Tony said from the bar.
Steve started moving at the same time they did, getting in their way. His punches were brutally efficient but he was distracted, watching as more and more minions tried to move past him and get to Tony. He couldn't hold all of them forever, no matter how much he wanted to.
Tony nodded, expression serious. “It’s a nice way of thinking about it.”
Steve wanted to ask questions. He wanted to know what Tony was about to do. But he didn’t. Because he trusted him. So he nodded again, not saying anything.
“You know, there is one thing that both Tony Stark and Iron Man made me feel.”
“You have to stop calling it the organization. You guys need a name.”
“But why would Tony need to...” And then he realized. “You mean to tell me that Howard measured Tony up to me? That's ridiculous.” The idea couldn't even form shape in Steve's mind. How could someone, least of all his own father, think that Tony was not as good as, or even better, than Steve.
Tony paused for a moment, lost in thought.
But they were the Avengers, and they were going to bring everyone back.
Sam’s eyes widened in horror, while Steve chuckled, relived. “Guys, you don’t need to give him a shovel talk.”
Tony exhaled. Relaxed. Calmed down. It wouldn't do him any good to panic now. Steve looked more and more worried by the second and Tony tried to reassure him with his eyes. It didn't seem to be working.
Stark’s eyes widened in surprise, but only for a second. “I must admit, it’s not what people usually approach me for, but thank you. It’s good to know there’s someone else here who came because of the kids.” Stark was looking at him as if seeing him for the first time, a note of interest in his eyes.
Steve knocked.
“And,” Bruce added. “I’m not sure that’s the smartest idea. Breaching Stark’s security would be extremely difficult and risky. If it fails, Steve would be discovered immediately.”
Still, the team was getting sick of them standing on eggshells around each other. Natasha even threaten to break some of his fingers if he didn't get his act together and talked to Steve (Tony didn't really believe she would, but you never know with her).
The lead was way too good to wait on. And the longer they waited, the higher the chances of the bad guys relocating. So the very next day, they all geared up for ambush and set for the base. It was on the outskirts of New York, which was lucky because it attracted less attention, which was probably why the Mandarin had chosen it.
“You did not tell me not to, sir.”
,” Sam suggested.
“No,” Tony said. “I guess not.”
Tony locked himself down in his workshop, thinking back on the night before. It seemed surreal now, in the bright artificial light of the lab.
“I don’t know,” Tony said, crossing his hands. “Yelling?”
Clint was maybe trying to ignore the elephant in the room, but Natasha wasn’t. As soon as Steve stood back up, she grabbed his arm. “Steve.”
“Tony,” Steve took his hand. “I know the difference between attraction and love.”
“I wanted to surprise you,” said Steve, hugging Tony when he came closer. “And you know you don’t need to do anything. I should have probably called, though. You must be busy.”
“About…” Steve seemed to hesitate for a moment. Then he looked at Tony and sighed. “About how no matter how many times I try to bench you when you’re hurt or outside the suit, you will always put yourself in danger.”
“What were you doing there?” she was looking at him intently, trying to figure him out. Steve wanted to tell her to let him know if she does, since he was unsure himself.
“Why?” the word was sharp, somehow accusatory, and Tony didn't even realize he said it before he did.
“You heard right,” he said.
But he could admit it was nice. Having that recognition from the city they were trying to protect. Even the police respected them, even when they had to try and arrest them.
Tony was still typing. The gauntlet didn’t seem to bother him at all.
Steve had to breathe deeply to calm himself. This was not the worst breach of privacy Iron Man has ever done, and it was common enough that mostly everyone got used to it, but Steve got angry every time it happened.
It was one of the first truly sunny days this year, spring being slow to show.
“A couple, at least,” said Natasha. “And that’s only in the US.”
But this time, the answer wasn’t no. “Actually, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about,” he said as casually as possible. She didn’t seem fazed for a moment, until his words sank in, and she turned to look at him abruptly. She opened her mouth to comment, but the line before her cleared up and he nudged her toward the cashier, “It’s your turn.”
“Do you want to talk about what happened today?” Steve sounded hesitant, unsure.
let anything happen to you.”
Natasha looked up at him, “That went well.”
Natasha’s mouth pulled at one side, as if she was restraining a grin. “Still, Johnson couldn’t tell me the exact coordinates or time of the exchange… You know what that means right?” she turned toward Steve.
He watched in shocked silence as Tony untied them with brutal efficiency. He moved to the door, to check the hallway and it took Steve a few slow seconds to join him.
When no one said anything, Steve bent down and tore one of the boxes open. What he found inside didn’t surprise him.
Steve wanted to know what he thought about it all. Their whole situation. He wanted to shake him and ask him how he felt about it. Was he as confused as Steve was? Did he not care? Did he still like Steve?
“Don’t worry, he won’t recognize you.”
He hoped everything would go smoothly for once, but no such luck. It was only after a couple of minutes that he heard Clint say, “Cap, we’ve got a problem.”
Steve clenched his jaw. He knew it was only a matter of time before they went after Tony, considering the amount of damage he could do on their computers. But he hoped they would be dumb enough to try and get rid of him first.
“Feeling good?”
“So, you found out that Stane sold your weapons to the Mandarin?” Steve prompted.
But before he could ask if they could see each other again, or ask him for a phone number at least, Tony was saying “Bye, Steve,” and was gone, as quickly as he came, leaving nothing behind but a sense of wonder and confusion.
Steve waited for him to elaborate. He didn’t.
"You're welcome," he said, when Steve kept on staring. It was a snarky response, something Iron Man would have said. But also Tony, now that Steve thought about it, though with Tony, Steve would have found it more endearing.
It wasn't even that heated, really just a press of the lips, more chaste than any kiss Tony received since probably college. But it was perfect, it was just right. It was everything he wanted but didn't know he did.
And then there was a click. And the ropes fell on the floor and Tony’s hands were in front of him. And on one of them there was a gauntlet. Steve knew that design, those colors. He knew them very well. Tony was wearing an Iron Man gauntlet.
A few moment later, Tony came up to stand next to him, giving him the glass. Steve noticed it was champagne. He liked the choice.
Steve came closer and wrapped his hands around Tony’s neck. “I do,” he repeated his earlier words and hoped that Tony could hear everything else he wanted to say in them. Steve was in this, despite everything. He was ready, finally, for the long overdue, honest conversation.
“A little bit,” Clint responded like it was no big deal.
And it was true. He spent most of those two years on the run thinking about it. If they weren’t both so stubborn, if they just communicated better. If Steve wasn’t such a coward. If he wasn’t so terrified of just being in the room with Tony back then, because he was still scared of his feelings, that thing in his chest that ached every time Tony looked in his direction.
and really, Tony was kind of offended and was ready to tell him that but Doom was already leaving and
“Shall we begin?” he asked casually. When no one answered, he began, “Okay, so we should start with…”
) but Fury didn't even let him start speaking before cutting him off.
Besides Steve's slightly concerned looks for a few days following the incident, he managed to do just that.
It was dark after that.
After that, things went back to normal, more or less.
“Do you?” Tony asked. Steve’s hand in his was big and warm and it was distracting him.
“What?” Tony asked, eyes wide.
When Tony joined the meeting he was wearing black. He had discarded his armor and his hair was a mess, but the brown of his eyes as they looked at Steve's blue ones were electric. He smiled at Steve, satisfied with the results of the day. Steve smiled back.
To make the matters even worse, ever since the gala, he couldn’t stop thinking about his conversation with Tony Stark.
And the moment unfroze, and the rest of the world came crashing in, like cold water over overheated skin.
“The Avengers.”
Doom was just stepping out of a building when Tony zeroed in on him. He didn't waste time chit chatting with the crazy supervillain as he slammed into him. They crashed into the building but Doom didn't let himself be taken of guard.
It was hard to turn around and start walking but Steve managed, turning only once to see Stark standing where he left him, staring at him, a thoughtful look on his face.
“Me..? What? What do I have to do with any of that?”
“I can take care of myself...”
Steve made a mental note to ask Bruce if there was a way to send Tony a message. As their tech guy, he was the one most likely to know. Steve will bring it up tomorrow, on their next meeting. The others would have to know as well.
Tony hummed, not answering. “You also have a message from Black Widow. She seems worried for you.”
Steve smiled but it didn’t last long. His mind was on the conversation he was about to have with Tony. He didn’t want to go back on his decision to tell Tony his story. He knew he was going to do it as soon as he made the decision in the restaurant. But that didn’t mean that the words are going to be easy to say. And everything felt so light and happy that Steve didn’t really want to spoil the moment. But Tony was looking at him now, a frown on his face.
“Steve, you know I love you, but you’re practically married to your job. It’s not healthy. And yes,” she added when he opened his mouth, “I know that what you’re doing is important, but it’s time for you to get a life,” there was amusement it her eyes. “And it sounds like you really care about this guy. So just go for it.”
“Two.”
Steve just raised an eyebrow, “I said everything I wanted to, yesterday, now it’s your time to talk.”
Bruce had asked if they were going to call Iron Man for backup. Steve deemed it unnecessary. It was a quick in and out, their specialty. Iron Man would only be in the way.
Steve could admit they were far from the good guys, but that didn’t mean they were bad people. They did what they did because it was right, because it was necessary and no one else had the guts to do it. Even the police was helpless when it came to the rich and the powerful.
right. “Yes, but this just seems… so impossible, you know? Like I’m making it something that it isn’t, in my head.”
“One.”
But before Tony could change the subject entirely, Steve said, “Wait.”
So he told her everything.
And that just made Steve smile, a feeling in his chest he did not want to think too much about.
“What if he doesn't?” Natasha's words pulled him back to reality and he looked at her.
“Yeah?” Steve said, when a couple of seconds passed without Tony saying anything else.
"Can't one of the junior staff members deal with it?"
“It will,” Steve said, but Tony didn’t seem to hear him. He was lost in thought, looking over Steve’s shoulder.
“No, really, don’t. If you apologize, then I’ll have to, and let’s just not.”
Steve gave a startled laugh, as if he couldn’t believe Tony would think about him in a situation like this. “You have no idea,” he said at last. “I thought about it a lot you know?”
“Because this elevator only goes to one floor,” at Steve’s questioning look he added, “The penthouse.”
Before he managed to get out of the room though, Steve grabbed his forearm, halting him mid step. “You know the reason,” he said softly, and Tony knew he was the only one meant to hear the words.
Steve forced himself to stop thinking about it. The truth was, he was nervous about the meeting with Iron Man. Not that he would ever admit it to anyone.
“What did you tell him?” Tony rasped. His voice was hoarse.
“And can you do it?” Steve challenged.
Fury looked like he already knew he won, the bastard. “You think the Japanese haven't seen what your suit can do? Be real Stark. If you're such a good negotiator, you would have seen that this is a Bad Idea.” And that was totally capitalized, nobody could convince Tony otherwise.
“Well, I do live on this
Losing Tony would hurt, but finding out that Tony was not who he said he was would be unbearable.
Before Steve could prod for more Natasha interrupted, “So we were thinking about sending him to Hell’s Kitchen, have him look around and send us data.”
“How about Hydrabots?” Clint chimed in, completely unnecessary.
“Let me finish Tony,” Steve said exasperated. “I mean… it’s like you said. When we were in Japan. How you will always do the right thing no matter what. Even if there’s no one there to save you,” Tony nodded, wondering where Steve was going with it. “Well, you were right.”
There's only so much of Steve's disapproving frown a person can take in a year.
“I don’t believe in luck.”
“Why would I yell at you?”
. It was an often argument between the two of them. Her insisting he should find someone, him saying he had no time nor desire to do so with the line of work he was in.
Natasha was a little further in the room. She was looking at something with furrowed brow.
“I have the perfect name.”
Steve shook his head. “You know I can't do that. He knows how I feel and if he's doing this in front of me, that just proves that he doesn't care,” he sneaked another glance at Tony and was surprised to find him already looking at Steve, while the other guy had his hand on Tony's chest and was still whispering in his ear, Tony's own hand still sitting low on the man's hip. Their eyes held for a couple of seconds, seconds where the world around them seemed to freeze and Steve couldn't breathe and... And then Tony looked away, looked at the man still clinging to him and said something that made the other guy laugh and Steve couldn't help but think it was a fake laugh, just like everything else about the man seemed to be fake, in that artificial way people seemed to be these days.
“Of course, ask anything Mr. Stark,” Steve said, curious despite himself.
“I’m serious,” Steve said, trying and failing to keep a straight face. “Just last week, Clint ate an entire jar of peanut butter, then complained when he got sick.”
“Sure.”
was left unsaid.
Tony shook his head. Unlikely, they would just put a stop to him, they knew how to deal with him best. Maybe that was the point. They were gone and he saw the opportunity to... do what?
“Well if you think of something else to call them...” his sentence was left unfinished as the sound of more fighting came through.
Tony smirked, as if he knew exactly what Steve was thinking.
“Steve?” Tony raised his eyebrow.
Didn't mean the situation didn't go downhill (and it did, much sooner than even Tony had predicted).
Tony’s smile was more subdued. “Well, I was selling weapons to the military, so meeting soldiers was kind of in the job description.”
“Doesn’t he know that people don’t talk after casual sex?” Tony muttered.
“Of course you didn’t,” Tony rolled his eyes.
“This is different,” said Fury. “We need you to negotiate a deal and not start World War Three.” That sounded reasonable right? Well, not if you're Tony Stark.
Regretfully, he started to pull his hand out of Steve’s but Steve’s hold suddenly tightened, and the man straightened in his chair, opened his eyes and looked around the room, as if expecting threats to come at them from the shadows. When he saw nobody was attacking them, he relaxed and looked back at Tony only to widen his eyes at seeing the genius awake.
Steve was surprised at how disappointed he felt. Even when the conversation was a mind field to him, he still enjoyed it, just being in the presence of this man, who seemed more and more like a walking contradiction every time Steve talked to him. It was so refreshing after the people Steve had to usually deal with, that he didn’t want to ever stop talking to him.
"I was waiting for you," Steve said, the realization catching him off guard and spilling past his lips.
Steve was having a lousy day. It was a day after the gala and tonight was the night they would meet with Iron Man to discuss strategy and possible plan of attack on Hammer.
Tony’s face didn’t give much away. His poker face was almost as good as Natasha’s. But Steve could tell that this news surprised him. Tony didn’t know the Mandarin had his weapons.
humble? What a rare and attractive combination.”
Steve must have noticed his confusion because he said, “Tony. I meant everything I said yesterday.
“Let’s go home, then,” Tony whispered. He put the helmet on his face and wrapped his hands around Steve’s waist, holding him tightly. And Steve was left staring at that emotionless, cold mask again. But he knew who was in it now. And instead of the usual frustration, he felt only hope looking at the golden surface. He smiled, and he knew, with certainty, that the man inside smiled back.
And then they had the rest of their lives to live.
was the response.
Tony sighed. “Steve…”
“We have to make a plan,” Steve whispered. They looked at him.
Tony almost asked why couldn't Clint go
“Tony, I'm sorry. I'm sorry it took me so long to tell you, sorry I was a jackass who couldn't see past his own jealousy. Sorry it took me so long to talk to you, to tell you everything I wanted to tell you for so long.”
“Well you certainly don’t like him.”
Tony tried to hold on to his glare but the proximity seemed to be affecting him. “No,” he whispered, so quietly, that if they weren't standing so close Steve would have surely missed it.
Steve noticed his hesitation. “I won’t change my mind Tony. I’m serious about this. More than I was serious about anything else.”
Before either of them managed to answer him, Natasha did. “Steve wants Tony to take the suit and run.”
He was looking at Tony, but the man was now focused solely on the painting. “Can you imagine?” he asked softly. “A weapon like that in the wrong hands?”
But Tony shook his head. He seemed like he wanted to say something, but changed his mind in the last second. He turned his head back to look at the TV but his body was still angled toward Steve.
Two weeks later found Tony in Japan without his suit but accompanied by his two superhero teammates.
“Don’t worry about me,” Steve said, with as much distaste as possible.
One way or the other.
Iron Man’s mechanical voice laughed. Then Bruce showed up and the two men spent some time talking about technical things Steve didn’t understand. He got the sudden impression that Tony would fit right into their little group.
The guy was flipping through the pages as he walked back to them. He laughed once he found what he was looking for.
Or maybe Steve would stay. Unlike Pepper. Unlike so many others.
(and Tony knew they couldn't give him anything, even at the risk of one of their most important foreign visitors dying. He knew it would cost them much, not just their almost formed deal with SHIELD but all the relations they have with America in general and they couldn't afford to lose that. They were still helpless, Tony knew, so he felt bad even though he was the one with a gun pressed to his head).
