Shivers are racking Sherlock's body. He is throbbing painfully. He is afraid to close his eyes and endure further emotional injury in service of this unobtainable fantasy but he can't do this without John. He has tried; it never works.
He is focused.
"Crush injuries are different than blunt force trauma."
“Getting dressed is...
I level a stony expression at her, refusing to give an inch. After a few seconds her expression gentles and she smiles.
“But-” Sherlock feels himself quaking, his mind scattering, grasping at the threads of what he thought he knew. Something is tearing loose inside his chest.
"Don't."
into those weeds by trying to unravel his logic about
John leans back to gain some distance. He rubs the back of his neck. Sherlock's deduction was
“I don't know how to do this.... what to do.” Sherlock's words come out dry and reedy; as if they are stuck in his throat. He stares at the wound intensly, but John gets the sense that they are talking about something
there is no one even close to
Has to wrap himself in John and be completely engulfed.
As John gets to the bottom buttons he finally breaks eye contact to look down and pull his shirt out of his trousers. Sherlock stops breathing altogether as the t-shirt underneath his button down rucks up revealing a flash of light brown abdomen and a line of hair, darker than the sandy color of the hair on his head, trailing down the center of his body and disappearing into the top of his trousers. The creature inside him writhes and cinches tight, everything moving at once in a dizzying frenzy of sensation.
Watson is masochism at its finest. Yet, in the end the fact remains that the body wants what it wants.
For Sherlock, certain touches in particular places bring a rush of dark memories. From time to time he stills John’s hand for a moment. Although he knows this is different: this is love, not control; affection, not punishment, his body still needs time to unlearn physical intimacy as pain. John listens to Sherlock's unspoken direction, never pushing. He smooths over yellowing bruises and brushes gentle lips over scabbed and healing skin. With each delicate caress, he returns a part of Sherlock to himself.
Maybe quite
"Uncomfortable dreams are typically either a way for your subconscious to work through its fears or for it to try to prepare you for potential danger by playing out scenarios in a less risky context. When a brain has been exposed to trauma, like yours, it can be overly sensitive to risk - seeing danger everywhere." This isn't anything we hadn't discussed before in relation to my
Seeing that look in John’s eyes has crushed Sherlock. Every time it has happened, he's wanted to do something - say something - but he doesn't possess any tools to repair the damage. He was not at all worthy or ready for what John had offered, and there was not anything to say to change that, so Sherlock has said nothing.
Sebastian hands me the cheque and I thank him. I look down at it and shake my head in disbelief. £5000 is more than enough to straighten out my issues and this is only the advance. Relief washes over me as I tuck it into the inside pocket of my jacket and excuse myself.
. That's an old one, dear. Been shortened along the way. Gives a completely different meaning when you don’t know the whole of it.”
“Saline for rehydration, platelets for blood loss and a bit of morphine for the pain.” He must have lost quite a bit of blood. He tries to look down at his own chest but the angle is awkward, so he simply runs his hand over the bandage, cringing at the sting of pain. He can tell it has been stitched by the way the flesh pulls tight when he tries to move.
This self-protective gesture made John’s chest feel tight. He may not understand what went on in his friend’s head most the time, but he had found at least one thing that seemed to sooth him. He moved to sit beside Sherlock and only hesitated a moment before placing his hand on the brooding detectives leanly muscled outer thigh.
flesh from such an instrument. That could, perhaps, provide some vital clue on a future case.
How does one go about apologising for something like that?
“No.” Sherlock’s stops, shoves his hands into his hair and grips it tightly, wanting to rip it out by the handful. It stings more than a little to hear John say that he wasn't fully aware of what he was doing last night. Sherlock had known that, of course. Had, in fact, been counting on it when he'd devised his strategy. However, knowing it in theory is one thing. Hearing John actually say the words aloud, on the other hand, makes him want to scream.
I hadn't really set out to make this a chapter story but the Kudos and Bookmarks encouraged me to give more!
But, now...
“Precisely,” Mycroft snaps, his temper slipping. “That is what makes him decidedly dangerous. When a man that was to be snipped from the pattern continues on, he is a loose thread pulling at the weaving and distorting the entire tapestry.”
“An enemy?” Surprisingly, her smile grows and there’s a sparkle of amusement in her eyes. “Interesting. Which one?"
"Sherlock?" Distantly he knows that John is holding onto him. More urgently he is aware that he can't breathe - that his chest feels like it's been kicked in. It's a pain so much worse than any physical injury he's endured. He's making a sound; a pitiful and thin cry.
John’s grip tightening as he surges forward a fraction.
but not the
(See the end of the chapter for
“Even you can’t get waved past that amount of security with only your name and your charm.” It's meant to be a bit of a teasing jab at his general lack of niceties and it lands as well as can be expected. In response, Sherlock’s lips twitch up into a slight smirk.
"The only thing I need protection from is
My eyes trace his features as I try to patiently wait for those piercing eyes to turn back on me. He hasn’t so much as looked at me since back at the flat when he declared the need to go to the bank. As we make our way further into the strictly secured establishment I am feeling more and more out of place. His perfect posture and his fine, expensive clothes make him appear well suited for a place like this. I, on the other hand, feel like a pauper in the royal palace. In fact, I'm beginning to think he didn't mean for me to follow him here at all.
I decide that interacting with a normal human being is necessary for my sanity and so I slide into the que of a young woman with long, straight, strawberry hair and an attractive smattering of freckles over her cheeks and nose. She seems sweet and kind and nothing like a certain brooding, silver-eyed, dark-haired flatmate.
of disinterest. "Be that as it may,” he continues much more smoothly, shutting the file and tucking it back in place. “It is a matter of utmost importance that he focus his attention on this.” His eyes fix on me. “After all...
He thought John would eagerly embrace the opportunity for physical intimacy. The defined parameters seemed a way to put all parties more at ease;
Either they pass unscathed through this moment or, in a fraction of a second, this makeshift mobile medical unit and the 13 souls within will meet a fiery end.
“Looking for my heart, yeah? it's not
So, he joked it off, feeling the arresting vibration of Sherlock's laughter rumbling through him like waves of warmth. He surrendered to the easy, if unusual, companionship that existed between them.
but it is
“Shepard’s pie?” John blinks slowly. “Yeah. Yeah, I can do that, Sherlock.” John stands and begins to remove his shirt as he always does with his nicer clothes to protect them from the hazards of food preparation. There is nothing overtly sensual about the way he unbuttons his shirt, except that he is staring steadily into Sherlock's eyes as he does so.
"Trying to keep you and your
Standing there outside the doors of the hall leading to surgery, still squeaking miserably on their settling hinges from the flurry of activity that just assaulted them, Sherlock feels it all catching up to him. His mind replays on a stuttering loop the last image of John on the stretcher; eyes closed, his usually sand brown skin so colorless, oxygen mask swallowing his face and obscuring his features, chest bare and already robbed of Sherlock’s makeshift bandage.
be a distraction because it is, no doubt, only due to John's inability to trust his own legs at the moment, yet... in another context… under different circumstances… in another life…
“Perhaps... There’s a reason the message was there at the bank..." He taps his leather clad finger to his lip, staring off into the distance. "
He can't let him see.
about my past experiences or current emotional state). After a few moments, she continues in a different direction; circling around to try to get at the problem from another side.
In that moment (and somewhat randomly and unexpectedly afterwards) John felt a tingling heat through his insides and buzzing on his nerves like something new and hungry was twisting its way to the surface.
How does he know?
for each day leading up to Christmas. Twelve in total, John.” It's all perfectly reasonable and logical. He makes this clear in his tone.
"Yes, let's
When he is done and John is all dressed, just as Sherlock found him, he stands in the doorway naked and shivering against the cool night air.
” he repeats more firmly and then he's talking rapidly. "That's absurd. A monumental waste of time for a forgone conclusion. The current data is more than sufficient." He is gesturing wildly and backing himself up against the window. There is a delicious pink flush on his chest, his cheeks, and the tops of his ears. John wants to touch each heated bit of flesh and soothe the sting of anxiety and embarrassment away.
The thought comes through from Captain Watson so startlingly clear and with such conviction that the figure sucks in a breath.
If only life could be so easily tidied.
What does he want?
makes a low growl rumble from his chest. He exchanges a seething stare with his reflection and rocks back, pulling his feet together to stand up straight. For a moment he scrutinizes his naked reflection in the mirror.
it was bloody pathetic.
If he was honest with himself, he felt just as on edge as Sherlock looked, and not just from his flatmate’s mood swings. He couldn’t get past the nagging impression that something was missing. There was this constant irritating and jittery sensation of something writhing right under his skin.
leaving me!” He roars into Sherlock’s face. The punches and kicks come fast and hard, nothing held back, and he is screaming awful things at the crumbling shell of a man that was once the glorious Sherlock Holmes. “Worthless prickteaser. Just a skank. No one is ever going to love you, freak. Think you are better than-”
Henry sucks in a breath, eyes sparkling as he drifts closer. “Really?”
“I - I can’t think of anything I’d change about you,” John admits, his face flushing with heat. He swallows hard and tries to go back to reading his paper but he feels Sherlock's eyes on him in the silence, as if waiting for more.
John’s smile is soft; amused, sad and aroused and, even after all these years, so complex that Sherlock has no idea how everyone doesn’t suspect that the soul within is thousands of years old.
"Clearly, it wasn't
“Go on, enlighten me,” Wilkes turns his eyes back on Sherlock, seething a patronising arrogance. “Two trips a month, flying all the way around the world – you’re quite right. How could you tell?” He’s pretending it's all in the spirit of good-natured jest but there is a undercurrent of disdain for Sherlock right beneath the surface. Before Sherlock can respond and demonstrate his amazing skill, Sebastian jumps in and smugly berrates Sherlock with a series of increasingly absurd guesses about what arbitrary trait about himself might have told Sherlock where he's been.
Sherlock swallows. His heart is fluttering in his chest now. Usually his mind plays these fantasies out as something fast; urgent, desperate, and rough, as if John reaches his breaking point and simply can’t restrain himself in the heat of a moment. That always seemed the most plausible scenario,
He doesn't make a peep.
“No, John,” Sherlock growls, temper flaring over John's lack of cooperation. “I will
“Or perhaps I will
John smiles and tilts his head, looking a mixture of surprised and pleased.
brilliant. Christ, really lucked out tonight.”
Sherlock stiffens a little, fingers delicately tracing the spine of a particularly old volume. The warm brown leather, worn down and textured with age, brings to mind sun baked skin.
“I know, John.” Sherlock curls into a ball, shaking, as hot tears flow down his cheeks and the cold air of the room prickles at his naked skin.
Sherlock isn’t fighting or struggling at all. One hand is spread lightly against Victor’s lower abdomen, just fingertips touching, but he neither pushes nor grabs any tighter. John knows that he
Nine possibilities for John's current emotional state.
There is something more to the expectant gaze this evening. There is a soft pink heat to Sherlock's pale cheeks, in spite of the cool night air, and something simmers right below the surface of those piercing, quicksilver eyes. There is none of his usual air of pompous indifference. Instead every muscle is tightly coiled and primed for action as he leans forward, almost onto his toes, as if issuing a challenge for John to speak.
John can't look her in the eyes. He twists his hands together in his lap and swallows roughly around the tightening of his throat. He wants to say that hurting Sherlock was never his intention - furthest thing from it - he'd been afraid and didn't want someone so special to be relegated to a drunken fumble. In the end, what does that matter? He gives a small, quick nod again.
“Besides, those internet websites grossly simplify the diagnosis of symptoms,” he says opening his eyes and beginning to evaluate himself for injury by running his hands over his arms and down his body; a habit he picked up in Afghanistan. “They'll probably convince you I have cancer or some rare flesh eating necrotitis.”
When Sherlock concluded, John found himself leaning forward and grinning at Sherlock’s back. For a moment The Game Master seemed stunned too, but then the darkness flashed in his eyes. He grinned and slowly clapped his short, stumpy hands together. He punched in two of the remaining numbers as he explained that Sherlock still could not save London in time unless he made the choice, the final choice;
how you feel for him, Sherl. You hide right in his blindspot. But he told me that, even if you don’t choose him, he wants you to have everything to be happy. That’s what
it says. John's jaw has tensed and his breathing is more forceful and deliberately drawn. Sherlock feels the tension building between them like the low hum of static between high power electrical wires.
wrong thinking Mary had hurt him, but she'd still done good by him
"Yes."
shared that."
It takes Sherlock several minutes before he realises that John never removed his pants. He'd simply sat him in the water, briefs and all. Sherlock shimmies out of them and hangs them on the faucet to drip dry. He's feeling better, warm and sleepy but functional - no longer at death's door. He pulls the plug to drain the water and stands, turning on the shower to rinse the suds off of his body. He then decides to wash his hair as well, buying time before he has to deal with John.
Sherlock nods slowly. It is difficult to shift his way of thinking but, no matter how fixated Moriarty and The Game Master had become on him, it now seems illogical to believe they would not have had similar ambitions in a world where Sherlock did not exist. He feels another part of that darkness clinging to him slide away.
A little noise escapes John’s chest and he turns it into a clearing of his throat. He heaves himself out of his chair, moving quickly towards the stairs to his room.
will have to resolve itself.
He rises to his feet and his body is a weapon of singular destruction aimed at one man, John
He loses track of time, but when he comes back to himself he is standing in John’s doorway watching him sleep. He looks down at his own naked body; still painfully hard and shaking like an addict in withdrawal.
right where I put him. Shot
else in those steel blue eyes. The mask had seemed to slip and beneath it was that...
because he feels
… someone here is expecting you about something to do with the security?” I have naturally settled into a military parade rest, clasping my hands at the small of my back. I thrust my lips forward, narrowing my eyes and glancing around. Now that my training has been called upon, I let myself review all the things I'd naturally taken note of out of habit on the way in:
I'm so lost in thought that I nearly get bulldozed over by some pillock who slams his shoulder into mine as he passes. My teeth clack and I stumble back a step, twisting to keep my balance with that jarring contact. The twat keeps right on walking without so much as a word of apology or a backward glance. I measure him up in one sweeping glare and I'm seriously considering giving chase and starting a fight. However, a woman's polite
There are words he wants to say, small but powerful words, however he knows them to be feeble, inadequate for the truth and impossibly abstract. His insides squirm and he feels something working its way up into his chest towards his lungs, so he swallows them, shoves it all down and grabs for something safer.
Sherlock snorts, and it is an acrid, ugly thing with his sneering face so distorted by anger and disgust.
Sherlock moves so very slowly and cautiously. He is not a patient man, but for John he
----------------------------
“There’s work to be done,” he calls over his shoulder, clearly trusting that I will follow after him.
Captain Watson follows his gaze over to the corner. The hair at the back of his neck stands on end as he tries to discern what is there to cause such fear.
Sherlock is searching John's approaching face, struggling to take in and catalog all of the sensory input;
Watson tries to see that being's brilliant essence within the swirl of light and it stings; burning through him as if every synapse in his head is trying to fire at the same time; sensation and memory and thought all emploding. Everything he is, was and can be seems to be happening all at once.
That is what he has John for. The doctor understands people and emotion. The kind of common sense analysis that some situations require is not so common to one consulting detective whose brain simply does not work
over chest… stomach… Going straight for my-
He has to fortify himself and focus.
doing it.
“Say it,” John's voice is darkening. Hid hands are gripping Sherlock's cheeks again. He dips his thumb down into Sherlock's crease and circles, slowly, methodically unraveling Sherlock's brain
I give a sharp nod of understanding and we march into the restaurant side-by- side; a two man army.
“You and me both,” John retorts with an expression that manages to settle into something equal parts amusement and embarrassment. His cheeks are slightly flushed, making his blue eyes seem darker. He clears his throat and returns his attention to pushing the bacon around in the skillet. “It’ll be a few minutes.”
"Sherlock?"
"The window… that is how he did it, you see," he says, voice distant in thought. "Locked door. No other way." At last, he turns his eyes on me. "I spent the evening at NSY looking through case files. Burglaries. Murders. Home invasions - even other cases that were classified as suicide." His eyes drift down again, snapping side to side over the floor, as if he's mentally reviewing the files.
He stares up at the ceiling for a long moment feeling restless in spite of the bone deep exhaustion. If there is one thing the army has taught him, it is to never stop moving; never stand still. In the quiet and calm everything you out ran when you were merely trying to survive the moment catches up with you - gangs up on you - drags you down. Beneath the stretched-too-tight skin, there is a hollowed out feeling to his insides like an empty drum waiting to be filled. He can’t decide if it is hunger or emotional exhaustion.
“Right. Of course,” John sighs. There is silence a moment while John closes his eyes again and tries to relax, drifting towards sleep once again.
Sherlock doesn't understand why he is so angered but it feels like an old festering wound he can't quite put his finger on. He looks down and sees the little revolver and Colonel Mustard game pieces in his own hand.
Sherlock takes a deep breath to steady himself. That something in his stomach that was doing somersaults has now spread out like an octopus, its tentacles reaching out and pulling Sherlock’s insides in on themselves so that they are aching painfully. He feels certain if he can make John smile that ache will go away.
It comes on slow, as these things sometimes do, creeping up like a fever from a wound turning infected; nearly invisible until it has overrun all the natural defenses.
for those fingers to close around his wrist and pull him down.
Sherlock pulls his eyes from John to the other person with him. A woman, with short blonde hair in a trendy cut has planted herself in John's path and is red faced with shouting at him. She is smaller than him but is obviously dominating the interaction. She is talking animatedly, pointing at him, and hardly letting him speak. For all her hot anger she seems cold - determined.
doing here?”
into his ear and it takes all his self-control not to shudder. The curse of an edic memory is that he has perfect clarity of every second of last night. He very much doubts John, with his alcohol-clouded average brain, is suffering the same fate today.
trying to will the desire away; trying to breathe around the swell of it.
"See you at 4," the secretary says with a wink and then calls for Ms. Foster.
However, it
“Hey, speak for yourself,” Billy says shrilly batting at Gary’s shoulder in playful scorn. Gary huffs and glances at the camera with amusement colouring his face. Then he turns his eyes back on Billy.
least not to your face, anyhow. Too afraid your ego’d inflate so big that your head would pop off and float away... But it
John’s eyes pop open and he tilts his head back to find Sherlock. Once he locates him, John’s smile blooms with genuine warmth.
“Whoa. whoa.” The hand at his elbow tightens and another is on his waist. They’re both so warm and John's closeness is so sudden that Sherlock’s knees give out. John's arms are around him to hold him up.
John’s heart is hammering against his ribs and his insides skitter nervously, lurching towards his throat. His tongue flicks out over his lips, wetting them, preparing them for the words that are surely about to spill out. However, all those persuasive, clever, heartfelt lines that he had prepared to express the breadth and depth of his love evaporate. What is left to say now? He’d poured every word, every confession, every inner truth out to Sherlock throughout that predetermined pilgrimage.
“What are we even talking about here, Sherlock?”
John clears his throat. He can’t feel Sherlock working on his wound anymore but he can hear him breathing so he knows he must still be there. He can feel the heat radiating off that body. “All right there?” he asks in a tight voice.
, however. So he considers that it is possible that the detective has grown tired of a washed up ex-soldier as a companion. He had often considered it a short-lived privilege to be at Sherlock’s side.
"Jennifer Wilson." He reaches down, unzips it, and begins rummaging through it. It's about what he expected. Almost everything within it is shades of pink. There's enough clothing for two days. There's a wash bag and some lingerie for meeting with her lover. There's a romance novel called
"Wants to get credit…" I shift from one foot to the other. "So…
“No. That’s
The scene changes again. It is down lower, propped on a table perhaps. John stands at the end of a long counter in the small lab. Beside him a round faced man with glasses leans on the counter and looks towards the camera, smiling broadly.
The room is too hot. The smooth sheet is too heavy and clingy. Where Sherlock's hand is holding it against his sternum, he can feel his heart thudding against the inside of his chest; trying to escape. Sherlock's other hand is gripping his own thigh and his thumb is stroking back and forth in mirror of John's.
It’s possible that he refused the case just to thumb his nose at his brother or that he even did it as part of some strategy that I can’t fathom yet (being that I’m largely in the dark about what any of his objectives are), but it’s possible -
to be distracted.
Sherlock lifts his arms and lets John pull his shirt off over his head. Pain surges through his ribs, and he has to breathe deeply to get through it, but the moment that John settles in front of him again he locks him in a scathing glare that makes it clear that he expects an answer.
Parasomnia?
"The flower. VanCoon's death -" he's right in front of me now; hands swishing elegantly through the air as he paints a mental picture of the connections, "They are meaningful to
She was extracted. A new continent, a new life, a new mission.” Sherlock glares up into Hopkins's eyes. “There's your suspect list, spent. Alone is what I have, D.I. Hopkins. I couldn't protect them, why should you expect they'd protect me?” His fury spent, Sherlock slumps in his seat, his head in his hands.
How could Sherlock be so blind?
"The blog reinforces your progress and I really believe it will be vital for keeping perspective as you make this transition. Opening yourself up and connecting to another person - that's a big step for you.”
“She cared about them so much. So tender and reverent with them, I couldn’t help but admire her.” He bows his head a moment and Sherlock opens his mouth to speak but Andy cuts in again, looking directly at Sherlock through the glass.
That was what she was really; an anodyne to diminish his sensitivity to the excruciating pain of that violent extraction of his heart. She was a
"Oh, God, sorry. Are you in pain, Sherlock?"
Then he's moving towards me with inhuman jerkiness like a puppet with its strings tangled or some reanimated
wanted to prove something and… perhaps… deep down, he had also hoped John would be jealous, perhaps feel a little of the pain of loss Sherlock was enduring;
A step forward.
As I consider the job posting section of the paper, I feel eyes on me and glance up to find Mrs. Hudson standing in the doorway of our kitchen, staring at me.
“I thought you liked that?”
“Shit, Sherlock. Stop - Stop this… We
“I never said thank you,” Sherlock says quietly. The bark of laughter from Lestrade makes Sherlock look up.
Within seconds the place is flooded with cops doing their own sweep to secure the scene. A few seem to know Sherlock well enough and when they try to put hands on me to ensure I'm not a threat, Sherlock at least has the decency to warn them off with a growled, “He's with me.”
“Good boy,” John’s voice says and Sherlock is not sure if it is from the real John or the John in his mind. Sherlock shudders, a rush of gratification liquefying his insides at the praise anyways.
in this scenario, it apparently worked both ways. The world was being blocked out for him as well; everything fell away and it was just him and Sherlock. He tried resisting the siren call of sleep but there was something so comforting about having the man who was the biggest part of his world, the one person that had brought him back to life and given him purpose once again, right there underneath him as if he could keep that protected somehow even in the relative vulnerability of sleep. Knowing Sherlock was safe and he was safe with him brought a level of contentment he hadn't experienced before.
“For Christ's sake, Sherlock-”
He got all the way up to
“Should have seen it... Got a cousin with Autism. Guess I never put it together because you control it so well…” the Inspector glances around at the ransacked room with a grimace. “
________
And why is he asking -
He looks up at the patient, shakes his head back and forth but runs to grab the crash cart anyways. As he's coming back, the patient's heart alarm goes off. The eerily familiar echo from his dream makes him go cold all over. But he boxes the swirl of thoughts and emotions away so he can focus.
“Oh,” John says, his eyes darting away and an expression of embarrassment flickering over his face. “I just didn’t think…” He trails off and sucks in a breath through his teeth. He stares down at the floor as he rubs at the back of his neck. His face is flushing red. After a moment, his eyes skitter back to Sherlock and his expression instantly changes. Sherlock can't be sure what he sees as he runs his eyes over him, but he knows that he is teetering between panic and anger and some of that must be showing through his expression.
So John surrendered
... my plan,” Sherlock says slowly, forcefully, as if he's trying to will John to understand that there's more meaning behind those simple words. All Sherlock's disparaging remarks about the fallacy of emotion and sentiment come back to John. He watches the silent struggle as Sherlock allows his own despised emotions surface and his typically unreadable face becomes a myriad of emotions.
"A lot more frequently than I
The door clicks shut with a note of cold finality. The whole experience ending as quickly and with as much confusion as it began.
Her mouth pulls up into a sideways smile, her eyes still soft. “You’re a quick learner.” Sherlock swallows around the uneasiness in his chest and nods slowly.
The report ends with hard numbers; projections of the cost that such political instability could have, due to the anticipated disruption in the production of coal. Apparently, the Jharia region is the primary supplier of coal to India and the UK. The losses are projected in the billions and dismal enough to apparently warrant the British Government being willing to (quietly) put a significant amount of resources towards supporting efforts to locate the girl.
“Let me?”
So, Sherlock has waited.
... The
"Should really get you out of these cold wet clothes."
"Colleague. He's my colleague." Sherlock interjects. He can just imagine Donovan's reaction to finding out he's got a doctor in tow. She'd relish the chance to get in some pot shots about the need to have him committed or medicated. He moves in-between Donovan and John to lift the police tape and let John duck underneath.
John retreated upstairs to his room, feeling defeated... undone... at last truly beaten.
The fantasy from the night before of John looking down on him so knowingly as his hand settled over Sherlock’s heart bubbles up from his memory. Sherlock swallows hard and musters every bit of his courage to drag his stare from that hand on his chest to John’s eyes. There is spike of relief followed by a small sting of disappointment to find John's expression is not affectionate and knowing but rather steely and unreadable. John’s jaw is set and his eyes are sharp as they study Sherlock’s face in return.
Sherlock bristles with the familiar sting of a thinly veiled insult of intelligence. Shoulders shifting in something like a shrug to try to shake off the weight of that cool and calculating stare, Sherlock draws his hand away from the book, turns and walks a few paces to stand before the other shelf.
There's some mix up with my army pension check. No one seems to know why it never made it to my account and they can find no trace of it. It's a minor annoyance that I quickly move to address. I have contingencies. I know I've enough saved back to carry me a little while whilst they track it down.
“For Christ’s sake save your domestics for the
Willfully oblivious to any sexual stimuli and related urges, arousal has never been a state that comes naturally to him. Even when on drugs, where he is less able to manage any latent urges, he has never known himself to become aroused. Surely it was not the recollection of the fight that caused his current state? He hooks his thumbs in his pants and pulls them down and off.
When a dark haired woman steps out of the shadows Sherlock sucks in his breath and freezes.
"The Jharia Diamond case… what do you know of it?"
All other possibilities eliminated, only the truth remains.
It's a liability. If she's following it, who knows who else is. Ultimately, it isn't worth the security risk.
"Then I'm going with you."
John watched for what felt like an endless moment. He was frozen; his mind unable to process the surreal sight that so sharply contrasted anything he had ever seen from Sherlock or ever anticipated from this moment. He couldn't breathe to speak.
" He throws away his towel and brushes past me a little too closely as he pushes his way out the door.
“Triage 1. Code red him. External hemorrhaging. Bullet still in there. Scan him to locate. Prep for emergency surgery. Push 2 liters O-positive. I’ll take him,” Watson snaps out to both nurses. If they are surprised by his curt and forceful orders, born of the necessity of battlefield triage, they don't let it show.
__________________________________________
In the end, John had no idea what any of it really meant.
I nearly make it to the kitchen door when I note that the dining set has been shifted several centimeters towards the sink and half the contents on the table have been pushed to the wall as if someone had been thrown onto the surface. My body whirls around on him before my brain has a chance to intervene, anger flaring hot and bright as I glare at his mockingly casual expression.
"Oh." John sits forward again, his face going from bemused to somber in a blink. "Oh, I'm sorry… I didn't realise-"
true... I hope you give someone a chance to show you that some day, Sherlock.”
of it; not wanting John, not ending up in his bed, not having sex with him, and certainly not enjoying it - craving it. But here they are and Sherlock will be damned if he backs down now. He glares down his nose at John in defiance.
The familiar hum of Baker Street resumes. In one bound, Sherlock is standing on his bed; tiptoed, every muscle at full extension upward, strained muscles quivering and his head tilted to the side.
“And foil your
“I don’t want you contaminating
When John plans to go on a date, Sherlock tries to figure out how to stop him from going.
is making his breath and heart-rate ratchet up to near hysteria, so he instead tries desperately to keep his mind blank.
As the anesthesiologist injects some more sedative, Watson leans over and sets to work again. He picks the little pieces of metal peppering the wound.
"No." John raises up his hands and laughs. "No. Nothing like that. Just… want to know what you like."
I catch the door and follow the woman inside.
“Wasn't even using my dominant arm,” he remarks with a smirk. Sherlock’s eyes narrow and he tips his chin up slightly.
John’s guttural sounds and his sudden unwillingness to let go.
When she bats her blue eyes at me and smiles, it feels natural to smile back. We talk lightly and I crack a self-deprecating joke about my choice of biscuits that she is far too generous in giggling over.
Sherlock narrows his eyes on her, trying to discern her knowing look, but she turns away and slips back into the rows she’d emerged from. Sherlock looks down at the note. He takes a deep breath and opens it.
he reminded himself.
I'm not sure how long it takes for this to reach my awareness. My lips move weakly for a moment. I'm confused, groggy, and my head is full of a thick fog. I'm unable to pull myself fully out of sleep. But then, by instinct, my body begins to respond. I suck in a breath, reach up to grasp the body above me. My hand slides up the firm muscles of a bare back, sinking into soft, thick curls. I pull, drawing them closer, changing the angle and then the tempo of that almost franic kiss to suit my own needs. I force it deeper, slower. Desire unfurls as the fog falls away and everything sharpens. A body is moving against mine; aching pressure. The heat of it builds like a fire catching and then slowly roaring to life; all the stronger for growing gradually.
"I know it is," Sherlock asserts, as if to deny John any power to define if his reactions are acceptable. However, his cheeks are flushed and he looks flustered. His eyes narrow on John and his lips thin into a straight line.
“Sherlock?” John pulls himself up to his knees, reaching towards Sherlock. Somewhere in the distance sirens are wailing. “Sherlock?” He lays his mangled hand on Sherlock’s shoulder; staring at his hunched back. Sherlock jerks away.
“Shhh,” The figure whispers. It reaches out, hovering a hand over Captain Watson's brow and tracing the lines of his face. It can't touch. Might hurt him... but it aches to provide some comfort - to restore this beautifully passionate and determined man to himself. It can feel the Captain's devastation, helplessness and hopelessness like a gaping wound of darkness.
The weight on his limbs retracts and Sherlock immediately recoils into himself, sitting up and curling into a ball, knees pulled to his chest and rocking back and forth. One hand clenches in his hair, the other coils around his legs to hold himself tightly, occasionally smacking a palm against his legs or his skull as he tries to jar things back into place and come down as the storm inside him blows itself out.
end.”
John rubs at the back of his own neck as he carefully considers the situation. He knows what he wants to do. God he wants to grab and snog Sherlock senseless - he wants that with every fiber of his being - but he'd promised himself he wouldn't do stupid shit like that again. He can't. Especially when it's quite possible that the signals that Sherlock is giving off aren't altogether voluntary but are simply a product of the temporary disorientation and behavioural changes that sometimes accompany concussions.
“They’re idiots,” Sherlock whispers closer; his voice urgent and angry.
In twenty six minutes John finally relaxes into a fitful sleep.
“Oh… um… Watson. Dr. John Watson.”
“No, I don't know what it's like for you.” John’s voice is quiet and thoughtful. He swipes his thumb gently through the wet trail on Sherlock's cheek. “But, I do feel it, Sherlock. That - that missing
“Yeah, but...My shirt is already ruined and… That was a
Arse over elbows is more truthful. Then you turned me down -
“What is this about?”
Affection surges so strong that John's chest feels tight, as if his ribcage is suddenly too small to contain his rapidly beating heart. He lets his hands drop away from Sherlock’s shoulders as an open invitation to do whatever he wishes.
Once in the room, Sherlock's focus shifts. The world narrows down as he soaks in all the details of the crime scene.
“Sherlock?” I pound up the stairs of Baker Street and burst into the sitting room.
“You.”
Sherlock is fiercely determined to learn all the spots that drive John,
John draws back. His face goes hot as his blood runs cold, creating the perfect storm. He wants to defend himself - to deny it - but he knows the truth of the superficial nature of his life. He is friendly with everyone but close to no one. He longs for the kind of deep connection he's only felt once...
I look over at Sherlock, my surprise no doubt written all over my face. He doesn't even lift his eyes from the dead body before him.
He can take care of himself.
Sherlock tunes out as Lestrade gives John his speech about expectations; keeping information confidential, respecting the process, avoiding press, and following the lead of the investigation team on the case. Sherlock has heard it all several times before (and has learned that most of it doesn't apply to him). Instead, he lets his mind wander back to the conversations with John, trying to process all the confusing interactions; the nonsensical questions, the dinner thing, John's reaction to Donovan's insult, and the bit about John being willing to go to jail for him.
.  Seriously, no one is blaming you for this.  They were just saying, before you showed up, that you keep people at arms length.  This is on Dimmock.  And I feel sorry for him, but the bottom line is that he knew what he was getting into.”
Sherlock gave him a knowing look.  “If all that you say is true, why aren’t you following me?  Or liking any of my posts?”
Sherlock didn’t say anything until they were in the kitchen putting away the shopping.  “Now…well, I’ve been letting down my guard in many ways since we’ve moved here.”
They headed down the stairs and made their way over to the bland-looking estate car.  Irene raised an eyebrow at it.  John supposed it didn’t look like the typical car a uni student would have.  Especially not in London.  “Erm…it was the family car.  Mum gave it to me when I graduated and then bought herself something sporty.  I was thinking about selling it now that I’m here.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and gritted out, “Make.  Love.”
and you are the one who is wanted, so to speak.  By Sherlock.”
He stared down at them, knowing what they were immediately.  But the fact that they had been inside Sherlock’s room in a box full of sex toys was so incongruous that he spent long minutes trying to figure out if in his grief he’d started hallucinating.  One of the objects was a pair of red pants which looked remarkably like the ones he owned, but it couldn’t possibly be them because why would Sherlock have his pants?  It had to be a coincidence.  For one thing, these clearly had been used because they bore the signs of being washed regularly.  John had never worn the pants he bought.
Irene took a deep breath and adopted a breezy expression.  “Well, first of all, one of the featured participants is not a dancer.”  She turned to John.  “It’s fine though, since you won’t have to actually dance.”
John cleared his throat of the lump he felt swelling and tried not to think about how different it was here from Loudain.  He could only hope he lived up to his new rep.
John’s brow furrowed and he cupped Sherlock’s cheek with his hand.  “I thought sex was supposed to be about making
John figured it was a good thing they never got together romantically as he once hoped they would.  Their parting would have been much harder.  It was difficult enough as it was.  They hadn’t grown up together, Molly’s family moved to Manchester when she was 14.  But the four years of friendship before they went their separate ways had been the most meaningful of John’s life.
Molly scowled at Irene.  “I do wish you’d stop treating Sherlock’s behaviour like it’s some sort of party trick.  It’s not a game.”
John folded his arms, starting to get a sneaking suspicion.  “Use your words, Sherlock.”
John breathed out a gust of air.  “
John leapt at Sherlock, crowding him against the row of lockers.  Much like with the video, he fisted his hand in Sherlock’s t-shirt and tugged as he rose up on his toes and pressed their lips together.  Sherlock stiffened in shock, but after a moment he was melting into him.  He brought his hands up and placed them on either side of John’s face, tilting him slightly, taking over the kiss.  That was fine with John, he had no idea what he was doing.  And anyway the sensation of finally snogging Sherlock was overwhelming to the point that he couldn’t think clearly.  He circled his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pressing them closer together as they kissed and kissed.
song?  To role play like we’re barmy for each other?”  John felt something tighten in his gut.
John was too keyed up to eat a proper dinner, so he just had pot noodle and greek yoghurt.  Molly saw his agitation and was deeply suspicious.  “What happened with Sherlock after we left?  I could cut the tension with a knife in that changing room.”
Having caught on, Molly rolled her eyes and then melted away into the crowd.  John cleared his throat.  “I know about you as well.  I’ve seen your Instagram.  The science of deduction.  You like to deduce things.  You say you can tell a software engineering major by his tie, or some such.”  He gave him a comical expression of disbelief.
Sherlock leaned back against the cabinet, sighing with relief, and John began to feel a prickle of something dangerous.  Part of him wanted to yank his fingers back from their caress of Sherlock’s calf muscles, but the rugby captain and future doctor in him refused such a notion and waited until he was sure the cramp wouldn’t come back.
Molly gave Irene an exasperated look.  John chuckled.  “Molly, of course I want to be there, and not because I’m your designated cabbie.  You always come out to my matches and it means a lot to me.  I want to support all of your hard work as well.”
John began to pump his cock in earnest, then realised it was the perfect time to prep himself a bit.  He bit back a groan as he massaged his hole with his finger.  He’d done this plenty of times in the past, often fantasising that it was Sherlock pushing into him.  But now there was purpose to it.  He felt light-headed at the thought that soon it would no longer be his imagination.  John’s mobile vibrated on the counter by the sink, and the thought that it might be Sherlock texting tipped John over the edge and he came hard, having barely got half his finger inserted.
when you were at school together.  But we’re not going to talk about that.  Ever.”  She turned back to John.  “I guess what I should have asked was, were you ever attracted to anyone
John sucked in a sharp breath and gave Sherlock a heated look, setting his empty cup on a nearby bookshelf before taking Sherlock’s hand and leading him back to his bedroom.  As per his agreement with Molly, the music that had been playing in the background was subtly turned up quite a bit more than before.  By the time Sherlock and John entered the bedroom, the volume was perfect to mask whatever they got up to…if they weren’t too loud about it.  No guarantees.
A few times John had to get up to go fetch another drink, and he’d end up talking for a bit to Mike or a couple of folks he knew from lectures.  But he always came back to the sofa.  He was starting to feel looser and more relaxed, and so wasn’t on his guard when he encountered Bill and Anderson, who were both roaring drunk and immediately steered him away from the sofa.
Molly came back with a towel and they resumed their take.  Now that they weren’t getting stuck on the towel bit, they could continue with the last bit where their lips inched towards each other until the towel was flung into the camera.  John had been very relieved that Irene decided not to have them actually kiss.  She said it was because the tease of the kiss was more tantalising, and made the towel fling more effective.  John knew deep down that she was taking pity on him and not forcing him to fake kiss the man he loves.
Molly shook her head.  “I’m talking about your propensity to fall for people who are not capable of returning your feelings.  You heard it yourself, he’s deliberately denying himself intimacy because he believes no one could have feelings for him.  The last thing you need is for him to hurt you by pushing you away.”
Molly giggled.  “What in the world did you say to Sherlock that had him in a tizzy?”
Some visual aids from the Grease video.  A lovely shirtless John fan art:
John served him breakfast in bed - scones with honey butter, strawberries and cream.  They spent the day at home.  Sherlock found he preferred the solitude these days.  Sometimes being around people made his mind race too much.  While Sherlock strategised the procurement of bee hives, John worked on doing minor repairs around the cottage that the previous owner had neglected, as well as working on something in the kitchen that smelled divine.
John inhaled sharply through his nose.  “Oh fuck,
I was hitting on you that first night.  But when you told me to back off, I backed off.  When people assumed things about us, it was much easier to just say I wasn’t gay. It was the best way to shut them up.  And it was true, because I am attracted to women. I just happen to be attracted to men as well.”  John took a deep breath.  “The fact that I backed off flirting with you, and the fact that I used the most expedient method of denying my feelings to the world at large didn’t mean that those feelings went away.  I just buried them, Sherlock.  Out of respect for our friendship.  You were the most important person in the world to me and I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.  After you died, when I saw what you had in that box…God, it was like a punch in the gut.  I didn’t know what to think about what this meant.  Was it just convenient for you to imagine me in those moments or was there more to it?  And I lost my chance to find out.”
Watson came closer, ending up shoulder to shoulder with Holmes. “Good Lord indeed.” He shifted, keeping his shoes out of the blood, and crouched down for a better look. The man’s skin from ankle to crotch had been...decorated. Watson could think of no other more appropriate word. Raised white arabesques and fanciful swirls looped around runic figures that looked like a code, like a language laid down on the man’s skin. Some of the cuts were newer. Others were well healed and clearly well cared for during that healing.
From the tomb of her dead lover she slipped like wind through the night to the house of her dead lover’s murderer. The locks there were no better, as if the tumblers already recognized the occupant was already dead.
“The scars didn’t kill him.” Watson gestured to the dead man’s groin. “Clean slice of the femoral. Downward slash.” The wound gaped open at the bottom, the force of the motion pulling apart the flesh. “Not a surgical instrument. A knife without serration, a smooth blade with a wicked sharp point.” The entry wound punched through like the skin was warm milk. “The shape of the wound is wrong for self-inflicted. Definitely murder. The killer struck without hesitation, and by the angle, kneeling directly in front of the victim.”
John finally registered the repeat of his name. He couldn’t quite focus on Sherlock’s face, but he could hear his voice, understand the words. “You don’t want him, John. Who do you want?”
This inconvenient re-routing by Mycroft Holmes would not shake his resolve. He would kindly bow out, leave the specifics of the case to Holmes, and retreat with whatever dignity he could retain.
The man did not hesitate. “Oh, yes. Yes.”
“I’m glad this worked out. I’ll be back in three hours. For God sakes, both of you get clean. It smells like a zoo in here.” He tossed a black duffel onto the floor, and with his own particular flourish, disappeared down the stairs.
Victor’s eyebrows climbed.
He’d fixed up the rig for her, brought the rope. He’d put an iron ring around the neck of the marble angel guarding Victor’s crypt, snapped another iron ring to it, and strung the rope with the hook through. Bunching her muscles and squaring her shoulders, Jane heaved on the other end of the rope. The man slid like a hooked fish across the ground and then up into the air. She kept pulling until she could knot the rope’s end around the angel’s feet.
The victim looked around wildly, pulling against his cuffs. His feet scrabbled against the uneven concrete floor. His mouth hung open as he panted. Sherlock could taste his fear on the cold, stale air.
Sherlock went still except for his breathing. He panted almost as hard as John. For that moment John felt suspended in his body, fully present, painfully aware, his skin its own living thing with its own wants. His cock felt three feet long.
Mycroft handed him a nine millimeter handgun and an extra clip. The weight of it in his hand as he safety-checked it made his bones feel more solid.
Mycroft shifted in his seat and rolled his eyes. “I told you to brief him.”
The Chemist gave an inarticulate roar, far too deep for his narrow chest to produce. Sherlock scrambled down, keeping the tank between him and Moriarty’s poisoner. But the Chemist was fast and by the look on his face furious that his ritual was interrupted. He grabbed the collar of Sherlock’s coat -- he almost slithered by -- and hauled Sherlock back into his sharp elbow. The crack of bone on bone hit right behind Sherlock’s left ear. Stars blurred his vision. A bony knee in his kidney put him down. A kick in the ribs sent him rolling. A stomp on his head made the world spin and fade and where in the holy blood fuck were Mycroft’s gorrillas?
Bill clapped him on the back.  “We’re gonna score big on the field, and then later you’re gonna score even bigger.  I saw Holmes out there watching you.  Tonight’s the night, Captain.”
“You’re agitated.  Something has you off-kilter.  Did something go wrong at rugby training?”
“Yes, Sherlock.”
have sex.  Not that I’m not looking forward to that, it’s just…I really do enjoy your company, John.”
John took a deep breath as he prepared to exit the showers and make his way to the changing room, his fingers gripped tightly to the knot keeping the ends of his towel together.  When he entered the room, he saw Irene with the camera setting up the shot, Sherlock laying on the bench chatting with Molly.
John went over and took it from his hands, then entered his number into Sherlock’s contacts (there were only a few).  He handed it back.  “I get the feeling you’ve never made such an offer before.”
Irene turned to Molly and gave her a reproachful look.  “You haven’t told John about my Instagram?  You know I’m trying to get more followers.”
Sherlock’s gaze went around the room until it settled on John, and it seemed as if his eyes softened.  He said something to Dimmock, probably a goodbye judging by the chagrin on his face.  Sherlock came over to where John was standing.  John smiled up at him.  “Sherlock, that was amazing.  You were quite extraordinary.  All of you were, of course.”
What might have been…bloody hell.  He’d confessed to Sherlock that he stood at his grave wishing for one more miracle.  What he hadn’t acknowledged, to Sherlock
“Sherlock…no, that’s not it at all.” John reached out to grip his shoulders.  “I’m asking because I need to know if what I’m hoping for is at all a possibility.  You
Molly smiled sadly.  “I want Sherlock to be happy, too.  But sometimes people won’t let themselves be.  When given the chance, they double down and refuse to accept it.  Do you know what I heard him call himself once?  A highly functioning sociopath.”  John’s eyes widened in incredulity.  “
John clapped him on the shoulder and they went about getting ready for training.  John avoided thinking about the fact that he wasn’t keen to watch the video again, either.
The whole Instagram video subplot spiraled out of this video:
John tried to control the breathy moans that escaped every time Sherlock’s hips snapped forward, but it became more and more difficult as Sherlock increased his pace.  When Sherlock shifted the angle of his thrust, John made a high-pitched sound at the sudden sensation of his prostate being brushed.  “Fuck, John, I love the sounds you make.”  He panted as he continued to thrust at the same angle and John felt like he was being driven out of his mind.  “I don’t think I can…nghhh….last much longer,” Sherlock groaned.
John shook his head.  “There isn’t going to be a wedding.  I’m ending it.”  Sherlock’s jaw dropped open and John stepped closer.  “I’ll be happy to explain later, but right now I really, really need to know.  Did you have these around your neck when you brought yourself to orgasm, or did you have them laid out on the bed…imagining that I was wearing them?”  John pressed the tags against Sherlock’s chest and he let out a gasp, his pupils dilating.
https://practicefortheheart.tumblr.com/post/89197155864/i-just-had-so-many-feels-3
Irene shook her head.  “No… I think I understand it a lot better now.  Thank you for answering my questions.”  She gave him a contemplative look.  “I wonder…will Sherlock be able to deduce that you’re demi?”
proposition me…I’ll…I don’t know.  See what happens.  I doubt I’ll be able to resist him.”
Then there was the fact that he was still leaving parties early, but not only because he didn’t want to be hit on.  The truth was that he tended to leave whenever he saw Sherlock talking to some fit bloke.  There was no reason in the world he should be bothered by seeing Sherlock make arrangements for a hookup, unless that reason was jealousy.
John had been attracted to Sherlock from the start, had made his interest known at Angelo’s that first night.  But Sherlock rejected him, and that was that as far as John was concerned.  It hadn’t occurred to him that maybe Sherlock would change his mind.  Maybe he was demisexual, and after being in close proximity for so many months, he’d developed an attraction that wasn’t there at the start.
And of course he woke up trussed and suspended, shoulders burning, arms numb, feet scrambling to stay on the ground. Because how else could he, should he end up, if not tied up?
The woman made a growl in her throat. “I will cut him for that.”
Her hand did not shake. The knife point stayed steady against Watson’s flesh. "So that makes you Dr. Watson.”
“See?” Watson thumped his fist to make the point. It landed he thought on the carriage bench seat but instead struck into Holmes’ gut. Why was he so close?
Or, tried to make his escape before dawn.
For many hours lay on the floor, reduced to helpless Jane Carter by the oppression of grief. That’s how she felt: oppressed, flattened, held down face first in brackish, oily water. She’d lost Victor and now she was losing her bones. She cried and her bones dried, sifting to dust in the bag of her skin. She couldn’t move. She could barely breathe. She wanted to scream, kept opening her mouth and eyes wide and straining to vomit out this burning grief. But she couldn’t.
His expression cleared like dawn across the sky, their argument forgotten. He began that strange, strutting pace that signaled disparate bits of data making unexpected connections in the infinite mirrored chambers of his magnificent brain.
Holmes said he’d chain Watson to the bed if he tried to run away but Watson knew him better than anyone else. Holmes lied without conscience. Holmes lied to suit his needs. He needed an assistant, and replacing even one that disgusted him would impede the investigation and nothing mattered but the cases, the work.
They leaned on each other for another moment, then Holmes levered himself up. Watson used his body as leverage just as Holmes’ used his own.
“You’ve done it before.”
“My first reaction is Christ it had to hurt, Holmes. The blade used was sharp. It would have burned like fire. But there’s no miss or hiccup or unsteady angle. It’s all perfect.”
The carriage stopped with a jerk, and the facade of civility between them waivered. Watson saw Holmes’ eyes narrow. His hand lifted from his lap and moved towards Watson. Watson found himself instinctively moving forward, anticipating the touch. He forced himself to pull back. He was breathing far too heavily.
Holmes spun, landing on his knees facing away. “What the bloody hell?” he shouted, his voice high pitched and outraged.
“It’s the drug, John.”
“Poison,” he said.
Sherlock said nothing. He straightened his spine and opened the refrigerator. With a bottle of dark foreign beer in his hand instead of a cup of tea, Sherlock kept his eyes on the floor as he walked across the tile, onto the carpet. John assumed he would head for the couch. John was sitting in the chair, after all. But Sherlock didn’t think he was real, and John felt angry and perverse enough not to move. He let Sherlock plunk right down in his lap.
No denying the rapturous expression on the man’s face as his breath gurgled in his throat.
“Goodbye, Victor. I wish I’d never loved you.” She pressed her open mouth to the blood on the scar over his still heart.
“Could a man endure such pain without even involuntary jerking?”
Sherlock threw up his hands. “Visual and auditory hallucinations. I never do things by half measure.”
Holmes unraveled the knot with shaking hands.
John stared at the fierce denial on Sherlock’s face. “You said please.”
“Sir Victor Greene, her Majesty’s Special Minister for the Protection of Children.”
“The drug we used to bring you to consciousness isn’t pleasant, but neither at present is the world. Are you listening, Doctor?”
“No.” John said it ferociously. “No.” He looked up, saw the relief in Sherlock’s eyes. “No. Never. I am with you. Always.” His voice cracked. Sherlock’s face blurred and John turned away. All of this, all of it, too much. “Always.”
Neither did Sherlock.
“John. John Watson. Are you with me?”
A wholly inappropriate smirk lifted Holmes’ lips. “The killer wrote a message on your mirror?”
Holmes brooding face exploded into a bright, almost predatory smile. It was like concentrated light flashing suddenly through the facets of a perfectly cut gem. “We must meet this rumored lover of Sir Victor’s, this Solomon Jones.” Holmes grabbed Watson’s arm and propelled him out of the morgue.
Amazing how many others seemed willing to trade their nonliving for their deepest, darkest secret desire. Finding the girl to dance the death of a thousand cuts, finding this man, no effort. Like floating.
The sun streaming in through the church’s stained glass refracted from the ornaments wounding the woman from crown to toes. She canted and stretched her body in a sinuous dance to a rhythm only she heard.
It was always my life or theirs.
Watson stared into Holmes’ eyes, saw something he’d only dreamed of rise behind the gleam of tears in Holmes’ eyes.
Sherlock tugged on his gloves and turned up his collar. “I will make myself available for kidnapping. You will be my shadow and save me.”
John’s head swirled and he stumbled back.
John saw the Chemist had piled their clothes by the door. He’d been unconscious and the Chemist had stripped him, tossed his clothes aside carelessly. His underwear, his socks. John’s stomach clenched and rolled.
And he was hard. Standing in blood, shaking, and hard.
Watson straightened, his bad leg protesting being bent so long. Leaning precariously, he pulled open the dead man’s shirt. The scars spread up his hips, his abdomen, his chest. Everywhere polite clothing covered the skin, he’d been carved into a piece of living art.
Sherlock pulled his hands away, locked them behind his back. He swallowed, cleared his throat. He kept his eyes down, his gaze away from John’s. “Let’s get on with it, then, shall we?” he said, sounding terrifyingly like Mycroft.
“No, I don’t know.” His mind stuttered like a horse losing its balance. “Please.”
Holmes rushed to the woman just as the congregation surged like a wave towards the doubled doors in the back. Watson followed Holmes, whipping off his coat to cover the poor woman. But when he was close enough he saw the unnatural dilation of her pupils, the gathering of white specks along her lips, the jittery convulsions of her limbs that was no longer a conscious dance.
“He says,” the pastor paused, “he says none of you knew Sir Victor, or you would understand this performance.” Another pause. “What performance?”
“And what is it he thinks he needs with me?”
“And then kill me.” Now Sherlock did glance up, a wry smile quirking half of his mouth. “An extravagant sort of revenge. But we beat him.”
“I regret we meet under such personally tragic circumstances for you, Mr. Jones.”
The knife slashed twice more over Watson’s heart, burning that made him cry out. Holmes’ hands fisted and he soundlessly shaped Watson’s name. Then Holmes bared his chest, pulling aside the fabric of his shirt. There was already blood smeared on the skin, from his earlier wound.
“Why would a man submit to such a thing, over and over?”
Watson slumped into the uncomfortable bench seat, the world swirling too fast to really understand Holmes’ words. He thought he ought to be outraged, but he liked the idea of being the most dangerous man in London. He’d probably need a mask. An iron one, perhaps, a wrought iron delicacy that would make him dashing in the penny dreadfuls.
His hips jerked, as if seeking proof of life.
Holmes’ eyes went wide and dark and Watson felt his body react again, too soon, painfully soon, and he knew this was how it would be, always. Thick and dark and wet, nothing like he imagined it would be with a decorous wife. Holmes tilted his head and licked Watson’s fingers along with him, opening his mouth wide and pushing his tongue into Watson’s mouth. And this is what Watson had feared as much as ridicule and rejection, this feeling of being turned inside out so it wasn’t the cut H he pressed to Holmes but his actual beating heart. He feared it so utterly, and now he would die without it.
Jones let out a high whine, maybe he meant to say No but he was too frightened to shape the word.
Holmes tore away the blindfold from the woman’s face. Her eyes were upturned in gleeful ecstasy.
“And water,” Watson called after. The boy didn’t answer. Had he even heard, or did he only take orders from Holmes? The irregulars treated Watson with pitiless scorn. He was never good enough for their Mister Holmes.
Solomon Jones, still wearing his grief mask, sat in a chair and made a gracious wave for Holmes to join them.
Watson heard the bait in Holmes’ seemingly sincere and polite tone. And he saw Jones miss it for just an instant. Then his sensual face fell into lines of grief. He had lips that were already pouting. But he had to think about it for that split second. This grief was not natural, and now both he and Holmes doubted it was true.
Watson leaned a little heavily on his walking stick on the way into the morgue.
The hostage didn’t look up, but the victim and the Chemist did.
Victor made a strange, high squeal, then a groan. Jones dodged out of the arterial spray and bounced to his feet. Not a drop hit him. He was a doctor specializing in circulatory surgery. He knew exactly how to sever a femoral artery and get away with it.
“What would you do without me, Watson?”
Holmes jumped out of the carriage before Watson puzzled through the slang. Shaking Ruth Hill?
John sank back in the plush leather seats, his face throbbing with fury and humiliation. His muscles shook with the need to strike out at Mycroft, cause some pain to ease his own.
“The Chemist has kidnapped another woman,” Sherlock said suddenly in the silence. “I don’t think he has any plans to use her like he did the Foreign Minister’s mistress. I think he’s just waving a red flag in front of the bull, knowing we’ll race here to save an innocent from some terrible fate.”
Watson felt a blush flame up his throat, onto his cheeks, right up to the roots of his hair.
The first paper was a letter of appointment, naming Jones as a cardiologic instructor at a French university. Holmes leaned deeply into Watson’s personal space to read it.
Watson thought about the scars on Sir Victor’s skin, the intense intimacy between the two of them, artist and living canvas. “No. I’m sorry.”
Holmes stood at his shoulder, looked at the corpse.
“And there are more of Moriarty’s cast offs to be cleansed from the earth.”
Sherlock cut him off. “You’ll do what? Kill me? Too late, I’m already dead.”
“How deep shall I cut?” she asked in a low, calm voice.
Solomon Jones screamed and squealed, incoherent begging, just a string of no and stop and prayers to a divinity that surely didn’t care how he suffered.
Sherlock smiled at him, rueful and ironic, smiling like any other option would hurt too much. “I…” The smile faded. “Moriarty had embedded mechanisms to assure your death if I did not take my own life. I would not risk you so.”
And so here he was again. Drunk again. Just before dawn, Sunday. No traffic outside St. Barts. He stayed across the street because LaStrade told him the last time he’d let Watson wither in the bloody drunk tank.
Mycroft recrossed his legs, scowling. He spoke pointedly to John. “We believe the Chemist is luring us into a trap. We intend to use Sherlock as bait, and turn the trap around on him.”
Holmes raised a hand to silence him, and in that silence said in the tone that Watson never wanted aimed at him, “Tell me what message the killer left.”
He shut down that thought just as the Chemist drew a huge hypodermic from the pack, some kind of relic from the great war, thick needle, plunger hovering above a yellow viscous liquid that refracted the weak light filtering through the broken windows.
Watson found he couldn’t move forward until he was pushed.
Moving with the speed of her newly reignited anger, she took the short one by the collar of his scruffy coat and pulled him back and onto her knife. She knew where she stuck him, this one the blonde man loved. She knew if he was a doctor he’d stop the bleeding. She didn’t cut through anything vital. But it hurt. She knew how badly it hurt. The man in her grasp sucked in a deep breath and jerked in that particular way men do when hurt unexpectedly. They could take another man’s punch, but a woman with a knife always shocked them.
“What about the homeless…?”
Jane made her living and kept herself alive by reading a man’s body and eyes, hearing things he was too afraid to say out loud. She spoke to the dark haired man, with the eyes that actually hurt to look at. “I’m sorry he won’t love you.”
The weight of the words, the enormity of Sherlock’s lie, filled the car and displaced all the air.
“Why the hell not?” John didn’t care if Mycroft died in a fire, if it meant Sherlock would go on being alive, right here, John beside him.
“Nithercott, was I not clear?” Holmes’ voice boomed from the closet. “Go. Investigate. Report back. Now.”
Watson rolled his eyes to the ceiling as she set her teeth into the flesh above his heart. She’d chewed up a dead man in that very spot. “Please. We are almost set to prove Solomon Jones killed Sir Victor. There is no reason for you to hurt me.”
The statement rang hollow and meaningless through John’s foggy brain. Remorse and horror swamped him. “No. Sherlock. I r-r-” He couldn’t even force the word out of his throat.
The victim rattled his cuffs, shouting hoarsely, feet kicking hard, dislodging a flurry of rust from the ruined metal framing above Sherlock’s head.
Victor swallowed hard, the skin over his Adam’s apple rippling. He was afraid, not something she often saw. Not even the first time she took her blade to his skin had he been afraid. He pulled aside his smallclothes.
One of the Pinkertons, a weasley one with a goatee, snatched Watson’s bag from his hand.
“What a doozy!” One punched the other’s arm, who jumped up and down in excitement.
John turned to stare him down, burning bright with the fury. “You’ve lied before.”
Watson followed Holmes out, who had the grace to wait until they were on the street to mutter, “Solomon Jones never saw Victor Greene naked in all his life.”
Blood and pain. Watson thought of the dancer, the hooks ripping her flesh as she danced and the blood running down her skin. He thought of the scars on Sir Victor’s body, pain and blood frozen into art.
Sherlock’s shoulders hunched. “Shut up.”
Sherlock didn’t respond, and after as long as he could stand with his eyes closed and having no idea what was going on -- did the bastard walk out -- John opened his eyes and glared.
“You didn’t even think what it might do to me, thinking you dead?” Still, John had to try to get some kind of self-recrimination out of the bastard. He needed Sherlock to feel something that showed he understood he’d almost killed John, that it would have been better to kill John than push him into that drunken stupor of a half-life…
Where’d this one come from, all black suited and leather gloved? A big goon thug if there ever...hold up. Where’d the big black SUV come from?
“I want you,” Holmes manhandled him forward, “to help me get you up the stairs.”
“I propose a detente.”
Watson followed Holmes’ direction. The ground came up too fast under his feet and he lurched. Holmes caught him. “I want to go to Brighton. I want to spare you.”
On the bench beside him, Holmes seethed and twitched, subvocal mutterings crashing into Watson’s oversensitive ears.
Holmes smirked. He pushed his knee into Watson’s as he turned to Nithercott. “Was Sir Victor strong enough to fight off death to leave a message?”
“What knocked me back was his goon squad. Kicked me in the head when they stormed the Chemist’s hideout. The Chemist got away.”
Without another word, Sherlock shook John off and, hunched against his collar, his hands in his coat pockets, he walked up the ramp and onto the unfamiliar street.
The Sultana of Blood and Pain
A smaller man with dark hair and eyes she immediately wanted to cut out said, “Please,” again. A taller, paler man held a pistol but couldn’t keep his eyes from her victim hanging from the angel.
“And did nothing to stop it.”
Watson remembered the humiliation: LeStrade looming over him, a look of uncomprehending horror on his face. Watson, laying without shirt or shoes on the sidewalk paver that killed Sherlock Holmes.
“Help me!” shouted the victim, thrashing against his bonds.
With one last shake, Holmes pushed him back so he could stalk about the room.
John wanted to say something else, something to make it okay, all of it okay. But it wasn’t, really. This was Sherlock and surely John had misread him completely. If he said something now it would just give Sherlock something sharp to stick in his gut. Because it wasn’t okay. He had to have misunderstood.
The woman pushed his shirt fabric away, put her palms flat against his bare chest.
The rope fell away and Watson used his hands to frame Holmes’ face, his thumbs sweeping across Holmes’ cheeks. Holmes grinned and Watson’s breath caught in his throat.
“Like scratch marks?” Nithercott suggested. “Or perhaps the victim wrote something on the doors before he died.”
She couldn’t love. But she could take glorious revenge. She slipped out to the balcony, stood on the railing and hoisted herself up. Her skirts swinging, she scrambled to the balustrade and swung herself up to lay flat on her belly against the steeply pitched roof.
“The same person?”
“Whatever he saw rendered him non-functional, and he’s going to get us both killed, John.” Mycroft, leaning out of the back seat, gave John a distasteful glare. “Do whatever it is you do for him. The Chemist must be located and neutralized.”
The hostage put one hand on the Chemist’s penis, and he put one hand on her breast. They shared a grip on a metal pipe and together slammed it into the bound victim’s face.
Peripherally Watson registered the woman leaving him, sliding around to stand behind Holmes. “Hurt him,” Watson said, shocked at his vicious tone. “Holmes, I almost left you forever because you couldn’t…”
“The mirror?” he asked.
Holmes had taken uncharacteristic care with his own look, far less rumpled, no stains. He’d even combed his hair with more than his fingers. He grinned at Watson. “A very owlish look, Doctor. It suits you.”
“Let the doctor see to that man.” With a gentle hand, the dark-haired one pushed down the arm of the blonde one wielding the gun.
Holmes followed more slowly, as if giving Watson a little lead. Probably to make it easier to pounce. Nithercott came right out on Holmes’ heels.
Watson did, closing his eyes. He sorted the smells: leather and starch and cedar and…”Damask rose?”
Holmes cut his eyes left. “Were you planning to come back? Ever?”
Sherlock’s head came up and he frowned imperiously. “You most certainly did not.”
Watson wanted to hold out. He wanted to show Holmes he wasn’t a pet, he wasn’t leashed or muzzled, his was an angry man humiliated and in pain and deserved understanding. He’d taken so much from Holmes, tried so hard, risen above what he believed were the limits of his capabilities to be what Holmes needed…
Holmes did not pause to explain. “What did it say?”
John cut his eyes away, overwhelmed. His world was cracking apart, he was already falling.
And Holmes never guessed. “Why not just cut out the scarring?” Holmes snapped his fingers. “Whoever put those scars on Sir Victor’s body equated cutting with intimacy. And so you oughtn’t be intimate with a corpse.”
Mycroft’s face pinched tight. “The plan is set. Play your part.”
“I do know what you want, Solomon, and how you feel.” Victor took a step back while acknowledging Jones’ power, which just made it all worse. Jones didn’t respect Victor’s wordless demand for more space between them. Jones surged forward like a predator sensing weakness.
He plunged the needle into Sherlock’s bare chest. Sherlock’s spine bowed. John jerked himself up, listing sideways -- how long had he been down on his knees, he could barely feel his feet. He rushed the Chemist but was too late. Whatever was in the hypo was now in Sherlock. Still he managed to stay up while he knocked the Chemist down. The antique hypodermic clattered across the cement floor while the Chemist laughed.
John tilted forward, trying to focus. “What the hell? Mycroft?”
The entrance of Solomon Jones made them both freeze. Holmes’ expression flowed from wounded to superior in an eye blink. Watson felt the removal of his attention like the sun going down.
“Without a word?”
Solomon Jones said nothing. His face got redder and his shoulders shook.
And then slowly they went dark, losing their life.
“How did you get here?” Sherlock wrenched hard and pulled out of John’s grip. He spun around on his feet and stared at John with wide eyes. Then they narrowed. “Mycroft.”
“Watson!”
Watson jerked at the rope binding his wrists above his head.
Too much naked male skin. John broke out all over in a feverish sweat. He felt the drops roll down his temple, down his side, over his ribs. He jerked again and again at his bonds, not caring about the pain. He got one knee under him, tried to stand, but the Chemist pushed him back down. John turned his head sharply, away from the half-hard penis poking toward his face. He choked down a gag.
The kettle sang, and Sherlock poured.
Watson leaned into Holmes’ body, hiding nothing of his hunger for Holmes’ skin, bleeding or not. He pressed his open mouth to whatever part of Holmes he could reach: his temple, the side of his nose, his jaw.
That wiped away the smirk. “I am sincerely sorry, John. I thought I was protecting you. I was really protecting me.”
“John.”
The hostage woman whined, a needy, high-pitched sound. Sherlock heard retreating bootfalls and he forced his eyes open even as he commanded his muscles to slither him closer to the rusted double doors and escape.
So when Holmes got in, Watson paid the driver and urged him on.
The sourness in Sherlock’s tone told John the kidnapped woman was probably already beyond saving, one way or the other. None of this felt good. None at all. And he couldn’t talk to Mycroft yet or he’d be overcome again with rage. So he asked Sherlock, “How can you be sure the Chemist will try to kidnap you to take revenge? How do you know he won’t just shoot you or stab you right on the street?” To his humiliation, his voice started shaking towards the end.
“Are you ready to come home, old bean?” Holmes asked.
Holmes opened the closet doors just enough to insert himself inside. His eyes appeared between the louvers. “Find out the answer, Nithercott. Go forth and be your special investigator self.”
Watson caught the end of his sentence. “...involved with this Solomon Jones. In the Greek way.”
“You always did. You will.” John let Sherlock go and jostled him with his elbow. “I’m not entirely helpless, you know. I’ve taken care of myself in war zone.” He detected rebuke in his tone. He hadn’t meant to put it there, but Sherlock certainly earned it. He looked up, expecting a withering look or maybe a smile.
Watson realized his mind had gone into hyper-alertness. His heart pounded in his ears.
“We had her, Watson.” Holmes glared at him, his eyes maniacal in his pale face. “Had you given chase, we would --”
“Well.”
She should have enjoyed binding this man, making the ropes tight enough to restrict his circulation and turn his skin to marble white. Victor had been exsanguinated, and Jane had been bled out of all that ever mattered. Victor was dead, but she was worse than dead. Not undead. Nothing could nourish her. Not dead. Not undead. Non-living.
She’d cried down the sun but she didn’t feel empty like a husk. She felt empty like the wind, not connected to this world but still able to tear through it. Every thought she had echoed. It made her feel impossibly huge and the world insignificantly small.
John flew apart, his entire body blowing wide. He dissolved into nothing, hovered there, then slammed back into his bones. Every muscle burned. His lungs burned. Gasping breaths scraped his raw throat. He collapsed, lying sideways over Sherlock’s body, his forehead pressed to the cold concrete.
“Remember,” the man whispered. His face was red from the inversion. His eyes were wide and bright and yearning. “Slowly. Make it go slowly.” He swallowed. A tear trickled down his face, but he did not look sad. “Thank you.”
“You aren’t afraid?”
If Sherlock was alive, came down and found John fainted outside his door...John would die of the humiliation. Sherlock would never stop with the jokes. No, it couldn’t be that way.
"Not like a pet dog. Not in the yard.”
The Chemist slapped Sherlock, a backhand stroke that rocked Sherlock back against the iron machine he was bound to. John heard the crack of impact, Sherlock’s skull again metal. Sherlock lifted his head, eyes bleary, mouth trying to form words.
To his credit, Victor did not glance in the direction of the closet. He put his hands on his belt, blushing furiously. “Solomon, I don’t. It’s not…”
“It is something too terrible for me to consider,” Jones whispered, then dramatically turned his back. His shoulders, which were broad, shook in a remarkably delicate way. The softest sound of distress floated in the air.
“Has he ever touched you here?”
Oh that was a memory he never let out of the dark in his mind, and it immediately reduced him to grinding his knuckles into his eyes to push back the rush of tears. His throat was too tight. He couldn’t swallow; he couldn’t breathe. Any moment he’d start hyperventilating and pass out in this alley somewhere in Eastern Europe.
“You are safe.” Holmes said. “But if you receive further mysterious communications, send word immediately.”
The younger of the two turned obediently. “Hell, sir, you’re feeding Old Nick likely he gonna skip dinner!”
The hostage threw back her head and rose up on her knees, her breasts rising and falling more quickly. Her wide eyes focused on the victim. The poison’s smell had woken something inside her.
Sherlock waved a hand, as if being on a different continent without consent was nothing to worry about. “The Chemist retained the mistress as a hostage, but he never asked for any ransom. He just started abducting homeless people, and we didn’t know why. Until five days ago.” He frowned. “I think five days. I haven’t been entirely lucid.”
Holmes’ voice came from just behind Watson’s left shoulder, and definitely not from ground level. Watson turned, and immediately reached out to steady Holmes on his feet.
Lead Brute wasn’t brutish enough to miss the meaning of Holmes’ performance. He shoved Homes shoulder towards the door. “Get going, you.”
She cut the backs of his knees, and he shook and cried out. She paused to watch the orgasm, then slashed cuts on his hips so that blood mixed with his other fluids. By the time she laid her knife against his nipples, he was hard again.
“The Chemist. Moriarity’s poisoner.” Sherlock left the kitchen to collapse onto the sofa. He put his tea on the side table and rested his head in his hands.
Well no shit. John tried to say you’re a judgmental prick but something burned against his neck and the curtain went down, hard.
“Mycroft was not wrong,” Sherlock’s tone indicated how sour those words tasted, “when he recognized I need your assistance.”
With his back to Sherlock John pulled on his pants. For some reason he couldn’t put on the underwear, as if they were filthy because the Chemist touched them. He brought Sherlock his shirt and socks and shoes. The buttons on the white shirt were mostly gone. The material of John’s pullover was as cold as the floor.
“It strains credulity, but I suppose it’s possible.” Watson shook his head. “But these cuts, this overlapping design, this is years of patient work. Dozens and dozens of sessions under the knife.”
“Let me just, let me just kiss you there. Once. Take the memory with me to France.”
She didn’t lie, and Victor understood the profound differences in their worlds. She had to fight like an animal to survive. He had to dance like a whore. How blind they’d both been.
Holmes was already seated in the last row when Watson limped inside. The church was cool, shaded from the late season sun, and dark enough that Watson, in his impaired state and with his dark glasses, had to wait for his eyes to adjust.
“You wish what, Watson?”
Holmes stepped back to give Watson full access to the view of Sir Victor Greene’s body, lying uncovered on the slab.
Watson looked to Holmes for guidance. With a shrug, he pushed a stray lock of hair off his forehead. “That’s most kind of you, Mr. Jones. We’d be delighted.”
“Love,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper.
“Take me home, Watson.” Holmes’ eyes were lidded. He looked drunk. His mouth, smeared with blood, quirked into a smile. “Take me home, tend to my wounds with your own hands.”
John ran a shaking hands through his hair. He stood up slowly and walked just as slowly to Sherlock, until they were standing close enough that John had to cock his head to look Sherlock in the eye. But he stared into Sherlock’s eyes until  a touch of color rose on Sherlock’s  cheeks.
With a deep breath John crouched down, retrieved the key ring. He put on his soldier-self like a pair of gloves: shoulder square, spine straight, eyes forward, no thinking just doing.
“It’s not that.” Victor looked toward the ceiling, though Jane knew he thought of it as looking towards Heaven for help. “I don’t…” He cleared his throat. “I do not achieve sexual pleasure in that manner.”
“Did you tell him what happens next?” The Chemist wheezed the words, halfway to his feet again. John had knocked off his glasses. He squinted at John. “How do you feel, Dr. Watson?”
“Sherlock Holmes.”
He hadn’t considered it. Once they started investigating, he’d fallen so easily into old patterns. He’d completely abandoned his plan to flee because Holmes needed him.
She raised her arm slowly and put the tip of her knife against Watson’s left nipple.
Victor told her: I can’t leave her Majesty vulnerable to such a creature. Otherwise I would run away with you tonight.
Watson shivered to hear it.
What he didn’t plan on doing was grabbing Sherlock around the chest and locking him in place when Sherlock shouted his surprise and tried to get up.
“No,” Victor said flatly, with no additional explanation. The cleverest thing he’d said since Jones walked in.
Thankfully, the Chemist arrived first. As the afternoon light began to fade, he dragged in the half-conscious body of a man. The hostage mistress trailed subserviently behind him.
“Why did you do this to me? Why did you lie?”
He hissed as the knife cut the rest of the letter, so slow, blood welling and dripping. Watson looked into Holmes’ eyes and watched a strange, otherworldly glory replace the pain. When she finished, Holmes shuddered and went down on one knee, white and shaking from losing so much blood earlier, enduring the pain now.
Watson felt like his stomach caught fire and the flames raced red up to the tips of his hair. No hat to tilt to even hide his furious blush.
“John.”
“Believe me, if it weren’t the last option you wouldn’t be here. But killing the Chemist’s hostage put us all in bitterly precarious danger. Completely unanticipated, that he’d enslaved her with his own hypnogogic concoction. She’d gone from kidnapped hostage to willing partner, you see, and we killed her.”
Anyway, thought it would be fun to incorporate it since John's pining is getting out of hand.
Whoever choreographed the dance knew Sherlock quite well, it was practically an homage.  John went through a myriad of emotions as he watched, and all of them troubling.  There was his admiration for Sherlock’s form – both his dancing form and his…
“I-I wore the tags.  But I also imagined you had them on and I could feel them against my chest because…” he faltered.
John kept a straight face as collectively everyone in the room looked over at Anderson, the tall gangly player in the corner.  His jaw dropped open.  “What?  I’m not
There was a long silence and then Irene briskly stood up to refresh her coffee. “I feel like some cliché for asking this, but why the long faces?  If I’m reading the situation correctly, you now have feelings for Sherlock.  Which means you’re also thinking very filthy thoughts about him.  This is fantastic!  For once you won’t have someone rejecting you, John.  Sherlock will have you bent over a table the moment you say the word.  Your virginity will be one more milestone crossed off your list.  And if I may say, you’ll be luckier than most.  First times are often less than thrilling.  He’ll make it good for you.”  She nodded as if imparting sage wisdom.
When he was satisfied, he gently set Sherlock’s leg on the floor and scooted back a safe distance, swallowing hard at the blissed-out look on Sherlock’s face.  “Thank you, John.  I suppose if I had to get a muscle spasm, I’m glad it was in the presence of someone with experience in this sort of thing.”
In a cruel twist of the knife, Irene’s vision for the last scene took place in the changing room, where Sherlock would be doing ballet stretches on the bench and John would walk in from the showers wearing just a towel.  Sherlock loudly protested that this was straight out of a porno, but Irene would not be gainsaid.  The scene would end with them leaning in to kiss each other, and as the camera zooms in, the viewer would see Sherlock reach down for something off screen and then a towel (the idea being that it was the one John had been wearing) would be thrown at the camera to give them privacy.
that’s acting like you wanted to be anywhere else.  Like the idea of being near me…repulsed you.”  An imp made him step forward until he was in Sherlock’s personal space.  Sherlock immediately stepped back.  “See?  That’s what I mean.  What’s going on with you?”
There were many times John wanted to give in and tell Sherlock that he desperately wanted to go to bed with him, such as every time Sherlock rolled his head around to stretch out his neck muscles and John felt a vampiric urge to bite red marks into that alabaster flesh.  But he kept his mouth shut and let their friendship grow.
Sherlock made a humming sound, then pointed to the ingredient John should add next.  “If one is in a relationship, I suppose it’s common.  I only have casual sex.  It’s only ever going to be the one time with these blokes, and I’m going to be the one to top.  Non-negotiable.”
.  Which is why I am dying to see what happens with you.  I’m sure he’ll be able to tell you’re bisexual right away.  But will he figure out the rest?”  Her lips curved into a smirk.  “I love Sherlock, but I would
I hope you enjoyed this!  My tumblr is sherlock-nanowrimo and my twitter is @jadziastone.
Sherlock made a rumbling noise.  “If it does, that means we’re both saps.  I’ve had sex many times, John.  With many people.  Really
John shook his head.  “No, I think the one you need to apologise to is Sally.  She’s the one who was getting unwanted attention.”
.”  He smiled again.  “They’re a favourite of bees.  You’ve noticed that I’ve become rather interested in apiology.”
The leg cramp moment was inspired by this lovely balletlock art:
John’s eyebrows shot up.  “You’d be okay with me giving Molly flowers?”
“Oh John…John, this is less than ideal, but I’m going to make you feel good.”  As Sherlock said this, he peeled John’s shirt off, his lips curving into an appreciative smile as he raked his eyes over every inch of skin.  John felt himself go red.
a big deal.  Sherlock is not the type to have friends.  He can get along with people when he needs to, but no one who seems to want to spend time with him the way you two have been doing these past months.  I was really glad to see someone get over that wall he puts up.  And now you’ve gone and ruined it with sex.”
Sherlock continued treating John’s erection like it was a lolly as he slowly worked him open.  It was a heady mixture of pleasure and pain.  After what felt like an interminable amount of time, Sherlock shifted back up and lay beside John, giving him a tender kiss.  He leisurely stroked John’s cock as he whispered, “Decision time, John.  I can wear a condom, which would be less messy.  Or we can go without, since I was tested last week.”
John was beginning to think he would need to lick Sherlock’s hand again as the slickness was wearing off, but decided to taste the other nipple first.  This time, instead of his lips, he raked his teeth over the nub, and without warning Sherlock was coming with a shout.  John blinked down at the spurting cock and then up at Sherlock’s face.  His lips formed an O and he was gazing at John in wonder as his whole body shook.  It was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen.
John flushed and gave him a short nod, turning to unpack his bag.  Rifling through his notes, he found the bit that had confused him during Stevens’ lecture and showed it to Sherlock.  John felt his flush deepen when Sherlock leaned down to read the notes, practically bending in half as he put his elbows on the table.  Christ, Pete would have a field day with this.  John tore his eyes away and tried to focus when Sherlock went into his explanation of what it was that had John stymied.  Sherlock narrowed his eyes.  “Clearly you’re not getting this.  Alright, I’ll demonstrate.”
The laughter faded when Sherlock started spraying his hair, running his fingers through it so that the moisture penetrated down to the roots.  John stayed stock still, concentrating on breathing steadily and quelling his arousal.  He looked down at the ground, ostensibly so that Sherlock would have better access to the top of his head, but mostly so he wouldn’t have to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.  “Because then you’ll be naked in front of all of us.”
.  I want
Sherlock, and pulled out the two items that had caught his attention.
https://tendalee.tumblr.com/post/185839533569/and-just-john
Sherlock drew himself up.  “Of course. You do find me attractive, I could tell by the way you kept looking at me at the party and by your blatant lie regarding your interest in my Instagram.  But you’re not interested in having sex with me.  Not for moral reasons, your other behaviours indicate a rejection of your Catholic upbringing. More likely you’re demisexual and you don’t feel sexual interest in strangers.”  He raised his eyebrows and John nodded.
A couple weeks later, John was starting to get behind in his chemistry course due to how many hours he was putting in for rugby.  He talked to the lecturer, who gave him permission to access the labs late at night.  He was pretty tired after a long day of courses and rugby training, but pleased at the chance to finally make up some of his practical assignments.
John was loath to admit it to himself, but he thought the video was going to turn out quite well.
Sherlock worried his lower lip.  “Good, that’s good.  I didn’t want this to turn into a thing where we
John held up his mobile.  “The routine you just posted.  The
It was John’s turn to shout, both surprised and hit with a wave of desire so strong he almost came on the spot.  As it was, he only lasted another minute or so.  The double sensation of feeling and watching Sherlock’s perfect lips fellate him was too much to bear and he barely had time to shout out a warning before he ejaculated quite forcefully down Sherlock’s throat.  He lay gasping for breath in the aftermath, staring up at Sherlock’s self-satisfied expression.
“Not at all, John.  It’s a valid question from someone lacking experience.  Bottoming is inherently the more vulnerable position.  It can be an unpleasant experience if the top doesn’t know what he’s doing…or doesn’t care.  I’m good at deducing whether someone wants to fuck me, but it’s more difficult to tell in that first meeting whether they’re good with their cock, or if they
He’d always known, since the moment he decided to propose to her, that it wasn’t because being married to her was what he wanted most in the world.  It was because he felt grateful to her for the normalcy she provided that he’d really needed at the time.  Marrying her was a way of guaranteeing that it wouldn’t go away, like Sherlock had.  Once Sherlock came back, he’d held onto that normalcy even more, as a way of coping with the feeling of betrayal eating away at him.
During the last dance, as Sherlock leapt and pirouetted and gambolled in a carefree manner, John’s realisation of this was the worst feeling yet to process.  It was a message loud and clear that no matter what feelings were growing in John’s heart, he couldn’t act on it.  He would want Sherlock for his own, want to keep him, and that was never going to happen.  Alone was Sherlock’s preferred state.
”  His tone was disbelieving.  “For
John shook his head.  “I know that you care about me, Sherlock.  And I know that you’re attracted to me.  But does that even matter if you’re still married to your work?  If I were to move back here, would we
John beamed at him.  “Wow, those are two very good words.  I’d say they were my favourites, right after ‘Sherlock.’”
Irene gave him a pleased smile.  “It was Lizzo’s idea, she tweeted a request for a ballet routine to ‘Truth Hurts,’ and I knew my moment had come.  It’s getting a lot of attention since I responded to her tweet with the link to the video.  Of course, Sherlock’s been getting a lot of attention as well, and he’s quite irritated by it.  That’s what we were laughing about when you came in, he’s been responding to some of the comments.”
It didn’t help that Sherlock’s costume was a black muscle shirt with black tights and his hair slicked back to resemble Travolta’s look.  The first time he saw Sherlock in the get up he turned to Irene and gave her a look that said he would cheerfully murder her.
Sherlock smirked.  “I was thinking more along the lines of her being punished by Molly.  As a change of pace.  I’ve seen Irene’s search history, she’s very keen on a certain fetish shop in Hackney that caters to women. A gift card from there would be most welcome.”
He felt Sherlock tremble.  “John…John, is this really happening?”
At the end of the evening, John drew a hot bath, and they reclined in the tub as John washed Sherlock with a bar of soap made from goat’s milk and honey.  Afterward, they lay in bed, Sherlock snuggled up to John’s side.  As a final touch, John had lit some beeswax candles around the room.  “So, Sherlock, did you enjoy your Valentine’s Day?”
John went over to him and squeezed his shoulder, moving his hand up to tangle in Sherlock’s greying curls.  “I could tell.  You don’t carry that same stiffness in your shoulders.  It suits you.”
John burst into giggles.  “It’s fine, I’ll just grab my robe.”
.  I admit I don’t think Valentine’s Day is as rubbish as I’ve made it out to be all these years.” He jerked the wheel slightly too hard as he turned into the drive.
John felt a swelling of a different variety several weeks later as he rolled his shoulder in an attempt to ease the throbbing.  He got quite a knock in the first half, but he barely cared.  They were winning.  It wasn’t by much, but he’d always been able to tell by halftime which way the match would go.  It was absolutely theirs to win.
John grasped Sherlock’s shoulders, his expression pleading.  “Sherlock, please don’t freak out.  We can still be just friends if that’s all you want.  I only told you because I’ve been going through the same torment, and now we can
Sherlock lifted his head and gazed down at him with darkened, intent eyes.  John reached up and threaded his fingers through the glorious mess of curls, tugging him back down for more kissing.  He lifted a leg and curved it across Sherlock’s backside, encouraging him to continue the small thrusts that were driving him crazy.
Sherlock let out a huff of laughter.   “John, I don’t think I can deny you anything.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0Px2NM9nf8
John narrowed his eyes.  “Just so I get this right, and I’m going to take myself out of the equation here…  You’re saying people should avoid falling in love with Sherlock Holmes because he’ll keep them at arm’s length because he thinks they couldn’t love him.”
Sherlock waved his hand.  “No, John, you need my help.  I can’t possibly abandon you now when I’ve gone to such lengths for your education.”
(See the end of the chapter for
If he were rejected again, like he had been so long ago at Angelo’s, John didn’t think he could shrug it off this time.  There was so much more at stake, not the least of which was that he wouldn’t feel right going ahead with the wedding when it would be clear at that point that Mary was a consolation prize.  Mary didn’t deserve that.  He could only marry her in good faith if he chose
Sherlock went on, “You know you’re demi and not asexual because you did at some point develop a sexual attraction to someone.”  He narrowed his eyes.  “On
She shook her head.  “I
He was relieved to see that Irene’s expression was curious, not judging.  “So, you haven’t felt sexual attraction for
John huffed.  “How could you
Sherlock scoffed.  “That’s because I’m a performer and so is she.  John has no experience with this sort of thing.  You can’t just expect him to…to…pretend some sort of come hither role play with me slavering after him…”
,” he marveled.
, with
John snorted.  “Would have been a disaster.” He adopted an imperious look.  “Sherlock, I want you to look at Molly like you want to tear her clothes off.  Sherlock!  Stop looking at Molly like you want to eat her!”
John looked over at Molly.  She was giving Irene a confused look.  Irene glanced at her.  “I haven’t forgot what you told me. I know that he was attracted to
John’s eyebrows went up.  “I know
John pinched the bridge of his nose.  “
Sherlock ran his fingers through John’s hair, massaging his scalp and pressing kisses to his neck and shoulders.  “You’re so gorgeous, John.  So perfect.”  He began kissing down John’s back, a reversal of earlier when he first came onto the bed.  More slowly this time, kissing and occasionally licking.  When he got to John’s arse, he was practically purring.  “I’ve been thinking about your arse, John.  So, so much.  If I were sentenced to death, I’d want this to be my last meal.”  As he said this, he was massaging each cheek in turn, kissing and licking and giving little nips.
They turned to face each other.  Sherlock cleared his throat.  “Thank you for doing this for Irene.  This studio job is something she wants very badly, and this video…I think they’ll really like it.”  His tone was stilted.
Sherlock’s lips twitched.  “She’ll love it, I promise.  Especially if you spring it on her.”  Molly gave him a considering look, and then tucked the envelope into the back pocket of her jeans and walked off.
John pulled the dog tags out of his pocket and held them up.  Sherlock stared at them in dismay.  “I…I’d wondered what became of the box.”
She gave him a secretive smile.  “She hasn’t told me yet, though I do have some suspicions.  I don’t want to say anything to jinx it!  John, she said it involved you as well, do you mind sticking around?”
Sherlock attempted a put-upon expression that John didn’t quite believe.  “Boyfriend, eh? I suppose you’ll also want to arrive at parties together, and leave together.”  John nodded.  “And I’ll have to endure you posting selfies of us on your Instagram?”
Sherlock smirked.  “That we’re romantically involved? I’m sure from the moment we left the changing room.”
John took a deep breath.  He should say no, but the longing in Sherlock’s eyes broke him.  He nodded, and then very quickly found himself being crowded against the door and Sherlock’s lips on his.  Softly at first, feather light.  Then he was pressing more firmly, both their lips and their bodies.  Except for his hands, which were flat against the door on either side of John’s head.  “If I touch you, I won’t be able to stop touching you.  I don’t know what I was thinking with the idea of sharing a bed.”
John stared in disbelief at his teammates.  Even Dimmock looked sympathetic.  He held up his hands in a placating manner, trying to think of what he could say to convince them.  When he saw Sherlock coming their way, he didn’t know whether to be relieved at the arrival of reinforcements, or concerned that Sherlock would get punched before he got a word in.
One afternoon John came home after lecture to find Molly and Sherlock chatting on the sofa.  “This is a pleasant surprise.  Hello, Sherlock.”
John shrugged.  “I have a fairly active libido, so I wank when the urge strikes.  And yes I can get off to porn.  I do notice that…”  He blushed and bit his lip. “…well, I usually prefer to watch stuff where it looks intimate, and they’re really into each other.  I don’t like the ones with acrobatic positions and weird angles, it makes it too obvious they’re putting on a show.  I like it when it looks like…um…a couple.”  He cleared his throat.  “Uh…any more questions?” He sincerely hoped not, he felt as red as a ripe tomato.
small probability.  Or we’ll have casual sex and I’ll finally know what all the fuss is about.  I’m willing to take on either outcome.”
Irene and Molly announced they were heading back home and left the room to give them privacy to change.  John took off his towel and went to his locker to fetch his clothes.  He considered changing out of his pants, since they were now damp from all the spraying water.  But he couldn’t bring himself to strip completely naked in Sherlock’s presence.  Even the slightest breeze might encourage his cock at this point.  Sherlock had his back to him and was peeling off his tights.  John averted his eyes, or at least tried to.  Sherlock only had on the dance belt, which was effectively a thong, so his arse was on display.
John nodded slowly, and then got out of the car, grabbing the shopping bag from the boot before heading for the door.  “So now that we’re retired from The Work…?”
John smiled.  “And that’s secondary attraction.  It’s fueled by your feelings for Molly.  Now, in the case of demisexuals, we generally don’t feel the primary attraction.  Some girl I meet might as well be a sister for all the notice I take of her body.  But once I feel a connection to her, that’s when I begin to start fixating on the curve of her neck, the soft rosy lips…” Irene cleared her throat loudly.  “…his strong jawline, the way his bicep flexes when he reaches up to write something on the blackboard…”  John silently cursed when he realised what he said.
“He better come!  We need him and his car to haul our equipment to the venue.”  John shook his head and chuckled.  Irene was forever roping him into running errands for her.
John ran his hand up and down Sherlock’s thigh.  “And you are a gift.  The wonderful kind that is both wholly unexpected and something that I never thought I desperately needed until it was in front of me.”
Irene shook her head.  “This conversation is over.  Would you mind terribly helping me get this one home before she chunders all over our host’s flat?”
good.  I mean, I’m pretty sure Dimmock has an altar to Sherlock set up in his locker.”  He huffed out a cynical laugh.  “I can finally be one of the guys.”
“I can hardly believe it myself, but it is.”
John looked down at his mobile.  “That’s his name?  Sherlock?”  He tapped on the comments and scrolled through a few.  He was appalled to see some homophobic remarks, but Sherlock’s responses were hilarious.  To one of them he said their comment lowered the IQ of everyone on the app.
They hadn’t even really talked. Just acknowledged their sexual frustration and then went at it in a haze of lust.  John didn’t even know what Sherlock wanted beyond this moment.  What if he didn’t want anything?  If this was to be their one time together, John was deeply disappointed that it hadn’t involved more.  A bed, time to explore each other, to be penetrated in the most intimate way possible.  John craved that from Sherlock, and now he might not get it.
https://aspiringlandmermaid.tumblr.com/post/169564261844/this-is-what-happens-when-captainkittypaws-and-i
When he confessed all this to his old friend from secondary school, Bill tempted him with stories of the rugby team at Knight’s and lured him in with the scholarship.  Since Molly also went to Knight’s, he called her up and quizzed her on the academics, knowing she was also studying medicine with a goal towards pathology.  She had lots of good things to say, and just hearing her voice he’d known right then that he had to go for it.
was.  He laughed, giddy with happiness.  He grabbed the lapels of Sherlock’s jacket and pulled him in for a kiss, something he’d been dying to do since the moment they parted a few hours ago.
For the first time since they became friends, John found himself feeling unreasonably angry with Molly.  He knew she understood people better than he did, but he couldn’t help but think she was wrong in this instance.
“Mmm?”
Sherlock stared at him.  “Of course it is.  Didn’t Sally tell you?”
John pictured himself in another bedsit like the one he’d occupied before Sherlock, and the one he’d been in when he met Mary.  He’d be back to another one.  A physical reminder of his life going to shit.  John shook his head.  No, he couldn’t think that way.
To John’s astonishment, Sherlock’s face flushed red and he looked…concerned.  “Irene,” he gritted, “it’s none of your business!  I’ve been performing well because I always perform well.”
“John?”
have feelings.”  Molly threw up her hands.  Irene put her hand over her heart.  “Oh John, I’m so, so sorry.”
good.”  He gave John a wicked smile.
“Can we try something I’ve seen in pornos?  It looks like something that will make us both feel good at the same time.”
Sherlock nodded.  “It’s been quite awhile since I’ve gone without, I hope I last.”  He kissed John’s cheek.  “Okay, what position?  If you straddle me on top, you’ll be in control.”
Dimmock jerked his shoulder.  “Screw this.”  He stalked off towards the window that led to the fire escape currently populated with smokers.
Most of the time it was a question resolved over text, but sometimes when the problem was too complicated for text, they met up at the lab.
Before John could respond, Sherlock backed away from the wall, still holding John up.  He sidled over to one of the benches and lifted his leg to swing it over so that he was straddling it, and then gently sat them both down.  The way John’s legs were still around Sherlock, their cocks were aligned and rubbing through their sweatpants.
Sherlock gazed at him, his eyes blazing.  “Oh John, the way you trust me.  You
your bed watching bloody James Bond.  It’s like the proverbial elephant in the room that we were both ignoring.”  He ran his hand through his hair, agitated.  “When Irene shared her plan for the video, all I could think about was that I wouldn’t be able to keep it all hidden.  You’d see that great big fucking elephant and run in the other direction.”
Sherlock’s smile was rueful.  “Shut up and fuck me.”
John inhaled deeply as he set the flask on the Bunsen.  “Yes, well, I suppose it is a bit curious why you only ever top.  Not that I know anything about all this, mind, but from what I heard it seems like most folks switch.”
Sherlock finally pulled his head back to catch his breath, his head banging against the locker behind him, his expression blissful.  But then his face scrunched up like it did on those rare occasions he didn’t understand something.  He stared down into John’s eyes, his tone wary.  “Why are you doing this, John?  Do you feel sorry for me because of what I just admitted?  I’d rather have more pity lavender.”
Mrs. Hudson bustled into the sitting room, wringing her hands.  “John, I know you’re hurting right now, but I think it’s asking too much to make me deal with what I just found.  A woman my age!”
Sherlock huffed out a disbelieving laugh, and John was shook to see tears in his eyes.  “I’m sorry, John.  You’re the only person who has ever made me feel…
The music playing in the next room had a throbbing beat, and John’s pulse raced along with it.  Every ounce of blood seemed to pump straight from his heart down to the erection between his legs.  When Sherlock’s hand reached down and wrapped around his cock, John sucked in his breath and he felt slightly concerned he was going to come before Sherlock got anywhere near his arse.
Sherlock’s smile twisted a little.  “Somehow, despite having come to know me very well, you want to have sex with me.  I still can’t quite grasp it.”  He looked away and took a deep breath, cleared his throat, and when he looked back at John, his expression had changed subtly.  His eyes were glinting with a light that made John shiver.  “As I understand it, your room is just along that corridor.” His eyes flicked to the hallway leading to the bedrooms.  John had to bite his lip to keep from laughing again, because Sherlock had been back there many times.
John watched in bewilderment as Sherlock walked across the room to Lestrade and whispered in his ear.  Greg looked disappointed, but then gave him a slap on the back.  The dancer raised one eyebrow, then went over to the front door.  He grabbed his coat off the rack and put it on with a dramatic flourish, walking out of the flat without once looking back.
Sherlock shook his head, smirking a little.  “Shot in the dark.  Good one, though.  I could tell by the way you reacted to my remark about virginal sacrifices.  It’s a sensitive subject for you, which means you still haven’t had sex.”
Sherlock looked down and swallowed.  “I don’t even know anymore.  I always make sure the other bloke is having a good time because then I’ll get to have my way with them.  I don’t really have much experience with someone trying to make
After a beat of changed silence, Sherlock turned his head to John. “I can only presume the Chemist intends to complete his revenge.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and though he still looked at John it was clear he aimed his words at Mycroft. “He took all ten fingers and toes from the Deputy Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs.” Sherlock blinked. “And his manhood.”
Now that the dam of truth was breached, it poured from Victor’s mouth like rain from a gutter. “I know about the funds you diverted. I know about the girls, Solomon. The girls you sold.”
“That’s so kind of you, Mr. Holmes.”
“When I was a girl, my name was Jane and I was sold. Like a horse, sold to a man. Then sold again, and a third and last time. Then I became the Sultana of Blood and Pain.”
Blood gushed onto Victor’s shoes, splashing across the carpet. Jane lunged for the closet door but she’d survived on the streets for too long. Love might be her unexpected angel, but survival was her god. She fell to her knees just as Victor toppled sideways onto the bed.
Rage set her alight and she bit down deeply, tearing into the cold flesh. She ripped at it, spat it out, chewing and pulling and snapping it between her teeth until the scars were obliterated, just a puddle of meat over his heart.
“This is the man you want, Sir Victor’s murderer. As you know.” Holmes tied the end of Jones’ leash to a hook in the cellar ceiling, the mirror of the one from which Watson hung. “I propose a trade.”
After a moment, John put his soldier on like a too-tight pair of shoes. Keeping his arms loose at his sides, he walked in Sherlock’s wake, a little to the left, letting Sherlock take the turn towards the dimly-lit strip of closed shops and pubs.
“Breathe deeply.”
Holmes snatched Watson out of the groomsman’s grip. “The Doctor is my problem to mind.” Then he seemed completely shocked by his own words. With a muttered apology, he started off towards the church doors.
Victor said, “This is your alternative to facing charges in the Queen’s court where you were once an authority.”
It was not what Watson expected.
She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and slid down off Victor’s corpse.
“Be at ease,” Holmes said in that portentous tone he sometimes took, the wise man speaking to his brain-addled apprentice. “The villain is dead, and the hero victorious.” He put both hands on Watson’s shoulders. “Let’s not do that again, shall we?”
John wrenched away, falling over Sherlock’s body and crabbing backwards. The golden glow was gone. Everything’s outline was sharper, hard-edged. John shook with the need to rub himself on something. His balls were full of nails.
There was no cost in telling the truth. “If I was, I was made with a terrible flaw.”
It was so unexpected, so off script, that Watson’s jaw fell like it was unhinged.
“What he wants is wrong. He can’t want that,” the blonde blurted, and the dark-haired one’s strange eyes filled with the deepest sadness and sharpest frustration and an echoing black pool of dissatisfaction. His lower body twisted just a bit towards his friend, his hips seeking what he was denied.
“And where the fuck are your shoes, do you even know?” LeStrade had hauled him off in his own private car, delivered John to his squalid basement one-room. “You can’t be doing this anymore, John. Get a fucking grip.”
The door was closed. A narrow window at the top of the door let in feeble light with a sharp slant, meaning he’d been unconscious for hours. His prison was a small room, walls and ceiling wood. Cobwebs decorated the exposed rafters. Old leaves littered the dirt floor. There was a trap door in the floor, in the farthest corner, as if there were another level to this hell. Watson breathed in mold, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the dim light from the window and a single lantern hanging from a hook from the ceiling. Much like Watson was himself.
“He needs nothing from you.” Holmes’ voice shattered the dark intimacy. She twisted, putting her knife to Watson’s throat, using his suspended body as a shield. “Watson, are you unharmed?”
In mid-homily, the pastor stuttered. Watson looked past the hats to the pulpit. A man stood behind the cleric, a man wearing a hood and a mask and holding a pistol to the back of the pastor’s head. He spoke -- Watson was too far to head his words. “Please, everyone, I beg you stay seated and calm,” the pastor said, his voice quavering. “He says no one will die if you simply stay still.”
And that was the moment Mycroft’s goons stormed in. Their heavy boots caught Sherlock on the temple and he rolled away, stars bursting behind his eyes. Voices shouted. A woman’s scream rose like a terrified dove. A gun boomed. Metal shards rained down. Sherlock curled in a ball, his arms over his head. More gunfire. Another scream. Then the roof gave up and fell all over them.
Sherlock put his shoes and socks on, too. He walked over and draped John’s coat over his shoulders. “You look cold.”
Ladies’ cries and men’s shouts rose up. Some men took to their feet in outrage, but no one moved. Except for Holmes, of course. He slid out of the pulpit and began creeping on his knees up the side aisle. Watson slithered after him.
He felt like someone was running a low-voltage current up from his feet. His muscles tensed and relaxed and tensed on their own.
Jane heard the manipulation running under Jones’ words like a secret web.
Hiking up her skirt, she climbed up on the table and straddled Victor’s corpse. The difference between a living body and a dead one between her legs seemed much less obvious than it should be. If she closed her eyes she could easily imagine it was any night at all, when she was about to lay blade to flesh and Victor had fallen into his perversely intense stillness that made it possible.
The carriage stopped outside Jones’ far-too-posh building.
“Roasted with rosemary I’m sure you’d be delicious.”
And just like that, the home team really was back on the field.
“You worked with Sir Victor on the Queen’s noble protection of the realm’s most precious resource, then?”
Watson turned and, despite his bad leg, ran up the pier and into the shadows left untouched by the fire.
Watson thought she meant she would cut Jones, but he felt a burning slash over his heart.
He could not imagine exactly what happened in this cold, rusted space, other than at some point the hostage mistress bit the victim -- more than once, and not shyly -- and then the victim was killed by blunt force.
“Of course.” John forced up a smile. “Of course, yes.”
“I owe you nothing, John Watson. I have paid the highest price I can to keep you safe and alive.” Sherlock pointedly did not look at John when he spoke. “If there is a debt owed, it isn’t me to you and why the bloody fuck am I explaining myself to a fucking figment of my fucking imagination?”
From the space below, a man’s abject howl rose up like a shivering ghost.
John followed slowly, and he sat in the rickety ladder-back chair. “You needn’t put on this show, Sherlock.” Christ, it felt so incredibly good to say that name and not have it tear at his throat. “I’m here. You know I’ll help.”
“Yes.”
“Oooof!” Holmes rolled onto his back. “I’ve been kicked enough by enemies today, thank you very much.”
The sibilant “s” sounds tickled. Watson swallowed hard, but he nodded and did as Holmes bid. He scanned the crowd when the pastor stood up and led them in prayer. He tried to read eyes and expressions as attendees looked at the cluster of flowers and leaves standing where the deceased casket and body would normally be.
Solomon Jones stood rigid, silent, fists clenched, face red. If he could snort smoke and fire, Jane thought, he would. Perhaps even his ear hair would be burning. Christ, how awful would that smell?
Without warning, Holmes said in a low, threatening voice, “We shall revisit the topic of your defection.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “I will have Mycroft take you back to Lon--”
The victim’s torso was decorated with military tattoos: a forgotten veteran of the Serbian wars, a warrior defeated by PTSD and heroin.
But Sherlock looked at him intently, emotions in his eyes John had never seen there before. His heart constricted again, and his throat closed up in something like and not like fear. He became acutely aware of how close they stood. The hair on his arms, on the back of his neck, shivered.
“John. Fight it. Fight!”
Holmes eyed him fiercely, as if he could drill into Watson brain with his eyes. “I suppose that’s a comfort, then.”
Victor took a half step forward. “Solomon, don’t.”
Sherlock whispered, “Please.”
The only thing not covered in rust were the metal cuffs roped to the base of a brittle safety railing in front of the tank. Reddish-brown splotches stained the concrete floor near the cuffs. Six meters out from the cuffs there was a one-meter square cleaner than the rest of the ruined floor.
Watson hauled himself to his feet, heart thudding. He stood gasping in the flickering firelight, gasping in more smoke. What the bloody hell was wrong with him? His body had gone full on rogue.
Confusion coalesced into anger. “My brother values his own aims and goals above all else, and will use anyone to get what he thinks he needs.”
Holmes did not slide down at Watson’s approach, forcing Watson to clamor past and almost fall into Holmes’ lap. He sat down in the pew with a relieved sigh.
Watson watched the sweat pop out along Jones’ upper lip as he stalled.
Watson looked away from Holmes’ fierce expression. “Not anymore, no.”
Sherlock’s anger slowly evaporated. His expression unclenched from anger. His shoulders slumped. John’s own anger cooled, seeing Sherlock so disturbed.
Why had Moriarty’s prime poisoner abducted the cherished mistress of the Serbian Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs?
Holmes, without a shred of modesty or self-consciousness, appeared in the doorway barefoot in his dressing gown, his hair standing up in a riot. He looked right past the hulking brutes between him and Watson to look directly into Watson’s eyes. “Where were you going?”
As if John wasn’t frightened as well. He turned his head, not realizing how close Sherlock was. Their foreheads bumped. John didn’t pull away, and neither did Sherlock. Sherlock’s hand was still on John’s arm.
“I wish it were a show.” Sherlock spoke from behind his hands.
His hand shook so badly he fumbled the key ring. It dropped at his feet and for a moment John stood there, panting and shaking. He leaned his forehead against the cool metal grating.
The woman was barefoot, and with a flourish she tore away her veils and was naked but for slender golden chains linking gold and gem-like baubles that...Watson had to look twice...baubles and ornaments that were fastened with hooks into her flesh. A hundred shiny trinkets, a hundred narrow streams of blood, gashed skin and golden chains, her head shaved and a golden silk blindfold hiding her eyes.
The day started with shockingly bright sun for London in late September. The clouds weren’t having it, though. Gray and low, they brought chill wind and far-off echoic thunder. Suitable for today.
The words slipped out before Watson could censor them, as if Holmes pulled them from his throat with the intensity of his stare. “But I know cruel you can be.”
“What if I can’t keep you safe?” Sherlock’s whisper was so insubstantial, John wouldn’t have heard it if they weren’t standing shoulder to shoulder.
Holmes caught her as she fell.
Sherlock threw the cup against the wall. Water splattered. The tea bag clung to the rough drywall, then slowly slipped down.
“Your trip’s canceled,” said the leader. “By order of the Home Secretary.”
So not just the victim was drugged for this experience. The hostage was, too. Perhaps one substance guaranteed her compliance and passivity. This other substance...what would it do to allow her to sink her teeth into this bound, filthy stranger?
Something about the grievance in his face but the tease in his eyes made Watson sigh, deeply. “Must you be so you?”
Sherlock did not look away when the Chemist stabbed the needle into the victim’s chest. The victim jerked fully awake, gasping, as the poison flooded his heart. A sharp scent, like freshly baked rye bread with a dead mouse inside, filled Sherlock’s nose. His eyes prickled.
It was such a horrible and horribly accurate image that John laughed. It sounded maniacal. With an echo. Christ, he was drunk.
“How your heart beats.”
“I could feed your corpse to the pigs, slip away into the darkness, and your death would go unavenged forever.”
Watson suddenly couldn’t catch his breath. Holmes had felt it? Holmes knew??? He was going to drop dead from humiliation, a bloodless mirroring of the corpse on the bed.
John shuddered, thinking but not saying I will do anything with you, to be with you, always.
From the pack the Chemist took a vintage crystal bottle, delicate as anything on a ladies’ boudoir table. The hostage -- he could not recall her name, Olivia and Olivette or something -- tipped her head up, and the Chemist carefully dropped liquid into her eyes.
John’s legs buckled and he hit his knees. He bent nearly in half, his forehead touching the foul green carpet. He couldn’t catch his breath. He couldn’t think. His heart hammered so hard it turned his brain to a field of white static. He recognized the echo of his shout, inarticulate release of months of forlorn loneliness and regret, months of turning into a ghost at the bottom of a whiskey glass.
He took another half-step forward, a part of his brain starting to anxiously shudder over why. “Always.”
Shoulders back, spine straight, unclench those fists, soldier, do your duty.
If he could only leave his body and float off into the sky, leave his treacherous flesh in a heap...
“We have a woman watching Sir Victor die from the confines of his specially modified closet,” Holmes said. “And we have someone passionate enough about the scarring to chew one off his dead body.”
“The man with you, the one with the eyes I want to cut out.” She lifted her brows and waited.
Nithercott sneered as he, too, walked by, following Holmes into the mortuary.
In Sherlock’s tone John heard the unspoken, how it would have been entirely understandable if John opted out of Sherlock’s partnership, Sherlock’s friendship. Perhaps understandable to Sherlock, but inconceivable to John. How could Sherlock not know that? More than he wanted to see Sherlock regret lying about his death, John wanted to know that when he said yes of course, he meant yes of course.
How had he lost his shirt that night? Oh shit, yes, he wanted to put his heart against the sidewalk where he swore he could still smell Sherlock’s blood. But he’d just scraped his nipples and that hurt enough to make him cry. Christ he got maudlin when he got too drunk.
“Victor and I shared a forbidden passion, and we were tired of keeping to the shadows.” Jones lifted his chin and squared his shoulders.
Holmes reached across the table, began unwrapping Watson’s hands from his mug. The touch startled Watson, made him fear that even in his impaired state his corrupted body would react. He pulled back violently, tipping back his chair.
Beefy bodies pushed Watson back through his own door. Huge fists spun him around, and what other choice was left but to walk up the stairs without arguing, dignity intact?
Watson snapped, “Oh well, mystery solved. The Queen did it.”
“Because the person who killed Victor now wants to kill me.”
“Preserve the crime scene, then.”
Victor held up a warning hand. Jones grabbed it, curling his fingers around Victor’s. Did you hear nothing I told you, my painfully righteous love? Always Victor expected the world to mirror him, as if he were the center of it and all other souls were in his orbit.
Sherlock didn’t look away. He maintained calm eye contact, waiting for what? John couldn’t guess. With a shrug, John said, “You’ve done worse.”
A courtesan from the darkest shadows of London’s underworld found with a murdered favorite of her Majesty? She’d swing before the sun came up.
Considering all that Sherlock had seen, John knew that was saying something. “Mycroft said it knocked you back. What you saw.”
Sherlock assumed mind-control drugs would complicate the woman’s captivity, considering the Chemist’s expertise. The woman looked thinner than in the photos provided by the Deputy Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs, but otherwise undamaged. She was elvish and ethereal, exuding waifish vulnerability that excited some men. Sherlock found it contemptible. Her large blue eyes were glassy, her affect dull, and she carried a leather pack. She seemed absolutely unaware of the opportunity for escape as the Chemist pulled the shirt off the semi-conscious victim and cuffed his wrists to the safety rail.
Holmes knocked Watson’s hands away and pushed down on the coat. “Go, go, I can stop the bleeding, go.”
This was art. Like the scars carved into Sir Victor while he suffered motionless through the cutting. This was art from agony, from love of agony. The scars on Sir Victor were the aftermath of pain and blood, the result of a private sharing. This dancer defiling the altar of a church, she was performance art, pain and blood in glorious motion.
Sherlock spat in the Chemist’s face. “You didn’t have time to tailor the drug. You didn’t have his DNA. John!”
“This is almost incomprehensible intimacy.” Holmes let his fingers hover above the torn pectoral muscle. “This is a connection, a passion, that transcended death. Strange how it changed, don’t you think? Both alive, the violence was precise and controlled and elegant. One dead, the violence is wild and uncontrolled, almost vicious.”
She put the delicate bloody knife in her bodice, pulled a thicker, double-sided blade from her boot. She cut the rope holding Solomon Jones, leaving her a short length to drag him towards the trap door.
Watson leaped from the carriage, landed on his bad leg, almost went down, and ran as fast as he could in pursuit of Holmes and his urchin brigade.
Watson appreciated the comfort of the settee. The cold of the morgue set his bad leg to aching, coupled with the tension he couldn’t coax from his muscles all because of his body’s betrayal with Holmes.
She never understood how he did it, staying perfectly still as she cut him. He hummed deep in his chest through it all, wordless songs of shifting rhythm and key. The first time she’d pulled back in surprise, going to forbid it, demand he give in to sedation. She thought for sure the vibration of his song would interrupt her work. But it didn’t. He could hum, his body resonating with the song, and never, ever move.
“John Watson,” Sherlock whispered.
The brute-guarded carriage did not rattle towards Mycroft’s club, or any building in the government district. The sun was a hooded baleful eye in the clouds when the carriage dropped them off at a fashionable set of private apartments maintained and used by the Queen’s Special Ministers.
Sherlock’s legs closed around him. His voice all ragged and choked chanted, “John Watson John Watson John Watson.” Then a long deep groan, his body shaking under John.
Holmes’ jaw dropped.
Rolling his eyes, Holmes said, “Have your special investigator skills unearthed anything else?”
“May I kick him?”
Whatever evidence Holmes gathered from his investigation of the girl’s mutilated body, the veils that covered her, the blindfold and the ornaments that ripped her skin, he kept it all to himself in brooding silence.
She laughed bitterly, her eyes narrowing. “Love is the whip on our backs. The poison lurking in our blood. No one is above it. Not even me.” She put the tip of the knife under Watson’s chin. “Do you know who I am?”
But Sherlock didn’t let himself think of John Watson anymore. Not for long, anyway.
Shivers raced through Watson’s muscles.
The thought shot through him like an electric shot. Live this down. Sherlock was not dead. He was bloody well not...a burst of fury pushed him onto his feet, his hands balled into fists but still shaking. Would he ever stop shaking?
“The middle area had been recently scrubbed with alcohol. But inches above and below the frame had not been so aggressively cleansed.” Holmes hailed a cab, negligently asking over his shoulder, “Have you any cash?”
He blinked furiously, clearing the burning film from his eyes. In front of him was a bare foot, strangely familiar even with the dirt and scrapes on the toes, as if the owner of the foot had been dragged.
“I remind you, Sherlock, that we have no interest in recovering this man alive. He has no value as a source of intelligence.” He gave John a chilly look. “Shoot to kill.”
And in that moment it hit John with the clarity of a lightning bolt. Mycroft didn’t just fear the Chemist’s revenge. He feared Sherlock was ready to open his arms to it. Do what it is you do for him.
Blushing again, Watson muttered, “Still doesn’t mean a woman.”
“I’m so glad all this amuses you.” Holmes voice sounded far too close.
Planning to kill.
The lock on the gate turned. There was a lock on the door, too. He started shaking again when he went inside. He closed the door and leaned his back against it and just counted his breaths.
“It’s me, John. You want me.” Sherlock stared right down into him. “Me.”
“I don’t think you’ve ever been this drunk.”
Watson felt the knife shake against his throat.
Sherlock’s gaze reached down John’s throat, took hold of his cock from the inside. John arched, his hips chasing the phantom sensation.
“The Chemist took her corpse.”
“I didn’t know what to think or who to tell because it seemed so ridiculous --”
A woman shrieked. Watson, halfway to the front of the church, popped his head up to see a female body veiled in diaphanous yellow silk step in front of the mass of flowers. He was close enough to see a drop of blood stain the unfurled petal of a white rose as she passed.
Watson had completely forgotten about the hooded man and his gun, and now he was gone.
Two steps, three. He crossed the threshold into a filthy little walk up. Just one long space, a dripping sink and a counter with a hot plate, a rickety wooden table with just one spindle-back chair. Yellow tile bumped up against a worn green rug trying to define the different use of space. No TV, no radio. No window. Just a long sleeper sofa against the far wall, two low tables at either end. On the closest table there was a spoon and candle, a syringe and a leg from a pair of women's nylon stockings. On the sofa, unconscious, was Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock’s left hand moved from John’s shoulder to his temple. His fingers threaded slowly through John’s hair. John shivered, frozen inside and out. That simple touch echoed down through all his nerves, like Sherlock touched him everywhere.
With sudden and irrational certainty, Watson knew that if he got into that cab with Holmes he would not come out.
John rolled his eyes. “With you everything’s a show.”
Holmes shrugged and started down the stairs. “Sustained eye contact, Watson, is necessary for effective deception.”
“Yes.” Sherlock didn’t move his gaze from John’s, so intense that John could not look away.
Jones swallowed. He looked away to the right, and scratched his head under his hate. “Blood and pain.”
“My hands. Untie my hands.” Watson held out his bound wrists.
Jones nodded. “How did -- “
Nithercott stumbled out and vomited on the cobblestones, leaning against the hospital wall.
The Chemist pulled peeled back his latex gloves and rolled off his brown coveralls. He kept on his boots, but otherwise was naked. His skin was frog-belly white, knees and elbows crusted with dry skin, his chest hairless and his nipples, thick and already hard. So was his penis, skinny and long as the rest of him.
Sherlock closed his eyes, and John’s chest melted with gratitude and respect. He sawed through the rope. Sherlock lowered his arms with a groan and sat up, rubbing the muscles.
“Never,” Watson finally agreed, resting his chin against Holmes’ temple. “Never and for nothing.”
“Now it’s time.” She laid the linen cloth back over Victor’s body. “It’s time to make the world hurt as badly as I do.”
“Holmes!” Watson’s shout disappeared in the whip-cracking flames and the fire-bells and the awful screams of those being burned alive. “Holmes!”
Do whatever it is you do for him.
“And the Serbian official ratted you and Mycroft out.”
How many times could a man blush in an hour before losing blood pressure control and fainting dead away?
Truly, if this got much worse she’d burst out of the closet and strangle Jones with her own hands. Would it horrify her Victor or excite him? Her slow, artistic violence mesmerized him. Perhaps seeing her in a killing frenzy would elevate the complexities of their intimacy?
Watson felt his face catch fire. He felt like even the tips of his fingers and toes were blushing. He still felt humiliatingly flushed when Holmes returned, insolently casual in his choice of outfit, a scalding reminder that the Home Secretary might be demanding their presence, but Holmes had seen that same Home Secretary suck his thumb and shit his pants.
It had happened twice before, Watson’s body reacting to Holmes, but never as brutally unmistakable as this time. It was a fault spreading through the bedrock of Watson’s life. It was a poison sliding through his blood set to kill all that made Watson’s existence meaningful: Holmes, and the camaraderie and cases they shared. He couldn’t let his lack of self-control ruin the Platonic ideal of their friendship. He’d rather disappear and let the memories remain clean and good in both their minds.
Sherlock scratched at his hair with all ten fingers, then stretched his legs and, yawning, scratched his balls. He got up, unsteady on his feet, then shambled to the hot plate, right past John as if he wasn’t even there. As if John hadn’t spent months suffering because of Sherlock’s lies, Mycroft’s lies, months and fucking months of dying inside.
Holmes gasped as the point of her knife punctured his skin. She’d cut Watson quickly. But at his request, she sliced ever so slowly, a diagonal over his nipple. He gave a hoarse shout, and Watson knew he would die if he didn’t put his lips to that wound, the scar that it would leave, every day until the stars fell.
With Mycroft still sputtering orders and threats, Sherlock turned off his phone and slipped inside the abandoned smelter. He needed data. There were so many questions.
“Dr. Watson?”
He tried not to breathe.
Watson jerked forward as the carriage horse started into the street. He tilted wildly. Holmes steadied him. Watson had to sit very still for several breaths. The most dangerous man in London certainly wouldn’t throw up in his own lap.
Watson scurried up ahead to be with Holmes, who had stood up to watch with an avid face.
“Who’s the stiff?” Holmes cast a sideways glance at Watson, eyebrows raised.
The beast of a car rumbled away, leaving John again on an unfamiliar street in the cold, this time far past midnight. But at least he was armed. And he wasn’t alone. “What’s the plan?”
“Fair warning. It will cost you blood and pain, if you say yes.” She moved the knife away from Watson’s chin and laid it flat over his heart. “Even if you say no, it will cost you blood and pain.”
Watson clamped his jaws tight. He closed his eyes.
Now Watson ran. Bad leg be damned, he ran in the direction of the fleeing murderess but he didn’t care about her. He ran from Holmes because he couldn’t run from himself. He ran out of the graveyard, past the church, up the narrow country lane, hopped over a fence, paralleled a hedgerow and saw the thick branch swinging towards his head out of the corner of his eye right before it hit him, and everything went black.
“We beat him, John. We beat the Chemist.”
The faint smell of tobacco.
The one with the dark eyes, eyes she didn’t trust said, “Your art with Sir Victor was breathtaking. Your work at the church was mesmerizing, but I can’t allow the performance to go on.”
Holmes nodded. “She watched him die.”
“Indeed. If I tell you to stand still, you will bloody well stand still.”
“No.” The word came out muttered, strangled by the tightness of John’s throat. He jerked his shoulders but the bindings just cut deeper into his wrists. Why was he naked? He felt like snakes slithered under his skin, he had to move. Blood pounded in his ears and he heard his breath hitching.
Just to irritate Holmes, Watson paused to say, in his best bedside manner tone, “I am truly sorry for your loss, Mr. Jones.”
Watson rubbed the bridge of his nose behind the dark glasses. “Something about owls and chickens. Inappropriate laughter. Almost falling, a lot.”
“Holmes!” He reached out blindly, his eyes blurring from smoke, choking on the stench of river slime and burning flesh.
Sherlock drew in a deep breath. When he spoke he kept his head tilted up and his eyes away from John. “He kidnapped the mistress of a Serbian official.”
“No! No, I…”
Holmes moved fast, a fluid shadow, righting Watson’s chair before he fell. “Watson. Let me.”
Suddenly the pastor shouted, “Get him!”
“That’s probably too much.” Sherlock gave him a grin. “More tea until he wakes up?”
“Don’t be so unimaginative, Watson.” Holmes took Watson’s arm and pushed him into the closet.
They stood together in the narrow kitchen, facing off over a pot of tea they finally managed to make. The lights flickered and hummed.
Suddenly Holmes was kissing him: hard pressure, dry lips, wrong angle. Their noses crumpled painfully together.
The church was silent, spellbound, as she danced. The ornament hooks plunged into her skin tugged and pulled and shifted. The blood trails streamed faster from the wounds. She lifted her left leg with a dancer’s grace and flexibility, revealing shards of colored glass impressed into the soles of her feet.
John leaned forward, not following the details.
Watson had been shot, stabbed, broken multiple bones, survived poison and been concussed. The hangover was worse. He remembered fragments, like a shattered mirror or a ripped up image: owls and chicken with rosemary, nothing made sense. When he saw Holmes, he felt a rush of excitement but couldn’t understand why.
“Oughfff.” Holmes sounded like he had a mouthful of shirt.
The Chemist grabbed John’s chin and crushed his mouth onto John’s.
Holmes blinked first. “The woman who watched Sir Victor’s murder also arranged today’s extraordinary performance. She is also the one who left the message on Solomon Jones’ mirror. She decorated Sir Victor’s skin with scars.”
Bloody hell. Fuck. Shit.
What a bloody fucking idiot. John threw up his hands, refusing to admit that believing Sherlock dead was killing him more certainly than any trap Moriarity could have laid. “Mycroft doesn’t value my life as much as you do, then?”
Now would be a genuinely golden moment for Mycroft’s gorillas with guns to crash the party. Sherlock had no sidearm. Mycroft hadn’t given him one, nor given him the opportunity to procure one illegally before dumping him outside the Chemist’s lair. Besides, guns were John’s --
Watson stared at Holmes through the gloom. He stood in the doorway, his shirt black with blood. Watson could tell he felt pain by the unnatural cant of his stance. He held a rope that was wound tightly around the neck of Solomon Jones. Blood trickled down Jones’ scalp up near his temple. Holmes must have rendered him unconscious, trussed him and brought him here. The irregulars must’ve seen Watson abducted, where he was taken.
The Grainseley case had ended with Watson suspended upside down in a dank dry well on some abandoned estate house in Wales, the villain threatening the cut Watson loose to a certain death if Holmes did not give over a priceless occult scroll stolen from the Metropolitan Collection. Nithercott had shot the villain, who in his dying let go the rope and Holmes had caught it with Watson’s face six inches from crashing into slimy, algoid rocks.
“It was highly amusing to watch Mycroft practically shit himself with fear.” Sherlock’s tone had dropped a register, almost a growl.
But Holmes was already halfway down the stairs. Between Holmes’ investigative mania and Watson’s hangover symptoms, Watson could barely manage to follow the man. The carriage waiting outside was no grungy public hire. Nithercott’s people no doubt sent it round.
Watson did not feel delighted. His brain boiled with facts and observations that seemed to have no place in the logical world. He longed for Holmes to build them into a solid wall of reason, show Watson how all the jagged edges fit together into something Watson could understand.
“It was obvious you’d cleaned just the middle of the mirror.”
The carriage door closed, latched and the harness jingled as the horses jolted forward.
She’d allowed a man of virtue to invade and conquer her heart. Because it, because of love that should never be trusted, she stood in the closet watching Victor make the play that would let his conscience rest.
Watson forced his breathing into a regular rhythm, because he knew Holmes would demand his attention. He would not allow further theft of what shreds of dignity were left to him.
For the space of three deep breaths, John found himself transfixed by Sherlock’s open expression, the frank honesty in his eyes.
“NO!” The blonde scrambled to his feet, and Jane pushed her bleeding hostage into him. They both tumbled onto the ground.
“No the real question is what heights could you reach without me?” Watson gazed up at Holmes, feeling far away and incapable of sadness, everything was so damn funny. “You should have an owl. I’m a chicken.”
Sherlock leaned away and John saw Mycroft looked embarrassed and uncomfortable now. Sherlock didn’t move so far away that his shoulder didn’t bump John’s when the car cornered. Mycroft kept his gaze down in his lap, apparently fascinated by his gloved hands.
Watson caught his breath.
“On my honor.”
Watson pulled himself away, kicking at Holmes’s shoulder, desperate to get Holmes away from the evidence of Watson’s depravity.
“A murderess?” Nithercott sounded intrigued. “Before, during or after?”
“The case is my goddamned case and not our goddamned case,” Holmes said, “because you plan to scurry off to Brighton the moment you’re able?”
Sherlock’s attention went to Mycroft. His eyes narrowed. John stepped out of the way and did absolutely nothing when Sherlock cold-cocked his brother on the jaw. Mycroft spun around, went down and didn’t move.
Three-quarters way to blind drunk Watson saw the clutch of dirty-faced boys swarm into the pub, stare blatantly at Watson, then swarm out. He drank harder and faster so that when Holmes inevitably slid into the chair opposite him, his face was nothing but a blur of dark hair and glittery eyes.
Holmes went to stand before the mirror that balanced on the fireplace mantle. It took up the entire mantle length with its carved and gilded frame. At first Watson thought he was studying Jones in the mirror, but Holmes reached up to run his index finger down the glass from top to bottom. He leaned in and breathed deeply. He tilted his head, rubbed his fingertips, then gave Watson an urgent look. “Doctor, let us be gone.”
They were both clean and dressed and smelling human, but John still boiled. How could he do it? How could he? He had been duped by someone he considered his best friend, left to die inside for months, until Mycroft kidnapped him because it suited his mechanisms and didn’t have the decency to explain anything before throwing himself into a world where Sherlock wasn’t dead.
And this was what he thought he’d lost. Absurd adventures with this fascinating man who never ceased to surprise, to amaze, and now…”I’ll never let you tie me up, no way.”
The man hanging, waiting for the death of his dreams, cried piteously, “No. No no no.”
The permission cut him loose. John lunged onto Sherlock, grabbing at ribs. Wild with need, John sank his teeth into Sherlock’s belly. He felt one of his canines snag on Sherlock’s navel, then hot blood rolled across his tongue.
Before closing the carriage door, Jones dropped his eyes to the place where Holmes hand touched Watson’s leg. “It lightens the load on my heart, to know you understand what Victor meant to me.”
A black gloved, black suited brute opened the door and dragged Watson out of the comfortable back seat and into the too bright sun and the too cold air. He pushed a key ring into John’s hand and pointed to one of the taller houses, where the door was still intact behind a metal gate.
“You are investigating Victor’s death?” Jones managed just a hint of hesitation before saying the dead man’s name, as if the sound burned his mouth. “It’s a relief to know the crimes against him are in your capable hands, Mr. Holmes.”
Victor had wanted to go to the Queen, have Jones arrested. He wanted to do the right thing.
For a change, Watson did. The hansom horse trotted over, and Holmes gave him a sharp-eyed look, one that clearly communicated the put-off conversation about Watson’s defection was at hand.
“Let me up!”
“Threaten me?” Jones muttered. He spat into Victor’s face, turned and left without another word.
“No you fucking don’t.” John ground the words out between his teeth as Sherlock struggled to get away. “How could you do that to me, you bastard?”
Jones’ gaze slid down over Watson in an intrusive way, leaving Watson put off and chilled. But he held his smile.
She was a tall woman, strong-looking. Her hair stood out short and disheveled, like she’d recently shorn her skull with one of her less-sharp knives. Dribbles of blood had crusted in random spots on her temple, her neck, her cheek, from the shearing. She wore nothing but filthy linen undergarments: a petticoat and blouse. The buttons were brown bone.
He thinks you’re imaginary, what rationality John had left told him, it’s stupid to get upset but John was more than upset. Insulted was what he was. Even if he was a goddamn hallucination Sherlock owed him more than his turned back while he put on water for tea.
Thirty minutes of silence, and the barren snowfields gave way to a comparatively prosperous town. The sidewalks were intact. The streetlights worked. Signs glowed in windows of shops and restaurants and bars.
Sherlock pffted. “No.” He took three steps away, then stopped. “Maybe the bondage.”
The word struck John physically, went through him like a bullet. His memory repeated an echo of Sherlock chanting his name. John Watson John Watson John Watson. He didn’t understand why his heart hurt like it was breaking. Just all of it, too much.
Holmes reached back and clutched a hand round Watson’s arm.
John closed his eyes and counted to ten. By the time he risked opening them again, the car was gliding to a stop in the basement of a poorly-lit parking garage.
In the bedroom, Solomon Jones said, “You know how I feel, Victor. You know.”
She thought she felt the slightest vibration under her tongue and teeth. Then, almost too faint to hear, came the imagined low strains of Victor’s hummed song.
London once held a certain grimy charm. It was Watson’s home, after all, not all of it sweet but still home. Now the buildings loomed like bars on a cage and the cobblestones tried to trip him. The shop doors all had teeth. Tobacco and whiskey tasted like sulfur, and there was no way to escape.
A rush of dizzy motion, and he was at the top of the stairs. His shin smarted. He’d bashed them running up the stairs, though the memory wasn’t clear. It was like his body had taken over to do what was necessary while his mind boggled and stuttered and his heart huddled behind his ribs, too afraid even to hope. Because if Sherlock wasn’t alive in there it would be like losing him again, bones breaking and blood all over, and it would kill John. He could not survive that again. He didn’t want to survive that again.
Sherlock patted John’s arm. “I made a promise, John, same as you.”
Sherlock stood up suddenly and began pacing. Into the kitchen, back again across the carpet. “The Chemist is a genius with poisons, but apparently an inspired genius with psychoactive substances.” He clipped out the words with no emotion. “He’d enslaved her with his drugs. And he injected the homeless victims with another one. One...for her.”
