he feels in this moment. Anything, other than the echo of his grief, than multiple what if’s and maybe’s and how he’s
Like asking is admitting it. And, in some forms, it is – it is admitting that Steve is shaken from the sight of Tony’s chest glowing bright blue again, it is admitting that not knowing is simply something he cannot accept.
“I’m not sure about the details myself, Ms. Carter. Mr. Stark was a very wary person, even of those close to him, and this computer was the most safely guarded object in the mansion. It contains secrets that will most likely outlive us all. Only Mrs. Stark and myself had access to the computer, and even then, my access was extremely limited in comparison to Mrs. Stark’s.”
it, lifting it a bit, as if she’s trying to keep it from falling and completely detaching from her shoulder. It’s the shoulder Tony knocked into when he wobbled and nearly fell when he tried to get up, he realizes. Shit, he probably detached something of hers because of the impact. Just like the rest for her, it looks made of half flesh, half metal, so her joints are probably mechanic too—
“Tony, listen.” Bruce insists, putting his hand across Tony’s chest to make him stop walking, gently, barely a brush of fingers against his torso, a trickle of familiarity against his wounded stomach. “If you wanna wait—”
“Yeah, get me on that too.” Tony quickly decides, storing away his annoyance over SHIELD’s lack of security for another, much, much later time.
Howard and Maria Stark are dead. A car crash, the news will say, and very few people will know the truth, even in the many years to come.
Steve wasn’t wrong. Tony does like to make jokes and quips about people but in the end, he does offer help if Steve asks him calmly, because then it will come off as friendly, and not as an order. Tony almost impulsively rejects orders, just to be contrary and annoying. That’s how he pushes people away.
“Captain Rogers was helping us organize into teams so we can divide our tasks better.” Agent Ross informs.
“If you say love, I’ll destroy every coffee machine in the Tower.” Natasha threatens, through comms.
long time, ever since… since before Tony had the Arc Reactor removed, he recalls –, but Tony is always mentioning her. They go on dates. They work together. They make a good team,
Please, let it not be true, he won’t stand it, he should’ve died when Thanos shoved his own blade into his stomach—
He hears another set of footsteps approaching, and he doesn’t need to turn around to know they are Sam’s. But he does it anyway, and he finds Sam right beside him with his arms crossed when he does, his posture a weird mix of leisurely and imposing at the same time. “So, we’re cool? Everything’s fine?”
And now he’s here, and the evidence is staring right at his face, daring him to come forward and face it. For all his guessing, all his assumptions, the culminations of their choices have brought them here, to this point in time, where
And Steve was not surprised. It had never been about the Winter Soldiers, for Zemo. It had always been about them.
Tony squeezes his eyes with his thumb and index finger, pressing into the bridge of his nose, trying in vain to keep a splitting headache at bay – and if his hand hides his face, if he leans his head down and faces the floor to hide from the shame for his lack of control, he hopes Thor won’t ask.
happened.” Rocket complains. “Because when we separated, Quill and the others headed to Knowhere to get it, and in the end, Thanos got the Stone! So whatever he did, it was not enough.”
“And that’s why the people reacted the way they did when they saw the Iron Legion.” Tony reminds him, and Bruce gives a nod, in hesitant agreement.
“He needs time to heal. He needs to find out who he is without other people controlling his thoughts! And if you expect him to come out of this chamber only to act like your best friend from the forties, you are a fool. He might not like you now, have you thought of that?”
in mind. Granted, the mesh wasn’t his idea, it was Dr. Cho’s – but Tony had to tweak with it a little bit, or else it wouldn’t work with the nanotech he used for the armor. He’s not sure if it responds the way he wanted to. He never got the chance to test it. And if the particles of the mesh are responsive as his armor is, and his armor is defective, how sure can Tony be that the mesh is in working condition?
It is a giant image of his shield, painted on the wall, the red, white and, blue faded over the years, dusty with dirt and sand, torn off by the cracks on the wall. Shattered. An ugly reminder of what he left behind.
“I hope you’re right.” Bruce murmurs, as he stands back up, and he looks Tony straight in the eye – and his words, suddenly, seem like a plea.
on them until there was nothing left. The building across the street, the one that’s still miraculously standing up – how did they run? Did they get any help on time? How many of them in there vanished, before the wing sliced through the walls? There might still be people in there. Under that wing. There might be even more bodies to count.
But Nebula did say they had needed instructions of his biomarkers, or else the mesh wouldn’t recede. Fuck, she probably tinkered with the nanite compartment too.
Bruce looks like he’s having his entire perception of the Universe rearranged right before his eyes. Tony can understand – if not for the situation they’re in, to explore these new ideas and concepts with Thor would definitely be something he’d be very interested in. Tony has no qualms about expanding his knowledge in areas that are not his expertise or not of use in his work life; Knowledge, for him, used to be a source of infinite amusement and wonder, puzzles and challenges that would fill his days and nights with questions just desperate for answers, for riddles so eager to be solved, a hunger he can’t sate – but he can’t give in to the temptation now.
Steve isn’t foolish enough to believe this to be a coincidence – after all, if there is one thing Natasha is very skilled at is hiding, as if she can make herself invisible any time she pleases, like a ghost. She has no trouble sneaking around and avoiding being spotted, even by someone with enhanced senses like Steve, so he knows better than believing she isn’t exactly where she intends to be, at all times, every time.
Bruce hesitates for a second, looking at Tony with large, curious eyes, an analyzing gleam to them that makes Tony feel like he’s being studied, before, very carefully and politely, Bruce asks:
, circular spaceship descending upon the buildings and shattering them all, shaky images of crashed cars and broken windows, of wind and dust and screams and
The silence stretches again, and Vision makes a sound that is almost a cough, very awkward and unnatural, but it does gather their attention for long enough for him to say:
“Ok, can we just… No more in-fighting. Can we at least agree on that?” Rhodey pleads, with a shrug and a shake of his head.
, actually. He… He would love it. To have someone he could trust, not just with his friendship but with his heart, to be seen and be vulnerable and not fear it. The kind of thing Jarvis and Ana had, when Tony was young. He always kind of wanted that, deep inside. If not something exactly like it, maybe something similar – Tony would have taken almost anything, at certain points. For a bit of honest companionship. But he wanted something real.
“What you said about the Kree guy. That’s important. FRI, write that down. That means it’s not just this Uru metal that works, because if Thor says it’s special, some random guy wouldn’t have it just laying around, right? Right. So it must be something else. We might have other options, maybe here on Earth. It would be the best thing – we don’t have much time to figure out how we’re gonna do this before…”
Tony would’ve said this couldn’t get any worse, if he didn’t know that as soon as he steps a foot out of this place, it absolutely will.
Steve momentarily forgets Sam doesn’t know what they’re talking about. When he looks up and finds Sam still sitting down, looking at them as if they had just grown two heads each, Steve is almost tempted to ask if he’s waiting for someone to bring him a drink before they leave. It would probably sound a bit too sharp too, not enough amusement and too much impatience; but confused look in Sam’s face is enough to hold him back, to make him remember that Sam
And this is when she realizes Howard is blind. Blind by his own unreachable vision of the future, blind by an ideal he won’t ever be able to achieve, because he’s ignoring it in favor of an idea that’s doomed to fail.
Tony jostles in her arms, trying to push her away suddenly, revolted, feeling trapped and betrayed and scared and
Steve doesn’t know. There is so much he doesn’t know. He wishes he could pinpoint a reason why is it so hard for him to trust Tony, even though he knows Tony is much more than his
“Is Happy with you?” Tony urgently asks, throwing darks thoughts aside the best he can, even if it’s not much help at all. Now is not the time for self-pity. Now is not the time to sit down and cry about his own ridiculous fallings. He needs to know what happened. He needs to know how deep the cut is, how hard the blow.
, by way she raises her voice. “That he would act like he was doing them a favor, by doing incredibly cruel things to them.”
The moment when Natasha walked up to him with a Russian file in her hands, after calling in so many favors from her less than amicable sources, in front of Nick Fury’s fake grave. They had been standing at the edge of something they didn’t quite understand yet, and they hadn’t known. Secrets being toppled so others could be kept, the beginning of a journey Steve couldn’t have imagined where it would end, a risky,
façade,  but he can’t. He has placed his life in Tony’s hands more than once, and Tony had done the same to him, but for some reason, they can’t truly trust each other.
“Wong.” Tony says, as tactfully as he can manage, knowing the pleading in his voice is raw and too desperate, but he can’t help it. “We would like your help to find a way to reverse this.”
It is the middle of the night and he is alone in his study, and Ana is already in bed, sleeping peacefully and unaware. Not because he is hiding from her; but because it is safer, for herself and for him, for
“Do you think you can convince her?” Tony asks Rogers, and despite all the warnings this idea should have triggered in his brain, deep down, he still knows with dead certainty that Steve is probably just as convincing, just as persuasive as Tony can remember, despite whatever might have changed in their time apart.
Cap is not a fan of sushi, but oh well. He suggests Chilean, and he likes that, then Lebanese, and he also likes it.
tone, that makes Tony’s chest seize with a terrible dread, a sense of urgency that something bad is coming, that the words that will follow won’t be anything but painful. “They need you upstairs.”
“I said it’s fine.” Natasha snaps back, turning her gaze back to his in a sudden motion. “It won’t be a problem on the job.”
him. I’ve seen the things he makes, you all met JARVIS. You really think the homicidal part came from
“Oh. Yeah.” Wanda blinks for a second, surprised, and she twists a strand of her hair between her fingers, thoughtful. “Made it a little lighter. Wanted something different.”
“Cap had other concerns.” He says, and he sounds angry, despite how hard he tries to sound neutral over the whole thing. “He was concerned that being controlled by a panel would stop us from helping people. Like the Sokovia thing, before Ultron. It wasn’t
Natasha, however, frowns lightly and asks, in a very careful tone: “You think the engagement is fake?”
“What is it, Howard?” Maria asks, kind of breathless, the way she always sounds these days. It’s a strange kind of fatigue, that makes her weary down to her bones. “Shouldn’t you be in bed?”
“Not sure if the same person, but the same forge.” Thor clarifies. “Nidavellir is the mightiest forge in the universe. The Dwarves were experts in both metalwork and spells – their knowledge, combined with the power of the star that fuels the forge, creates the strongest weapons ever known.”
“You have no reason to fear, James Barnes.” T’Challa assures him. “There are no enemies here. I can promise you that. I apologize for the mistake I made against you, and as a way of fixing that mistake, I hope you can allow us to help you in whatever way you need.”
And though he can’t help but be mortified by Rogers listening in to the absolute disaster that has just happened here, he will not mention it with Rogers. He won’t.
. He doesn’t know how else to say it. It drains him, knowing he needs backup to have a bigger chance of this crazy plan working, but the only people he can count on is
Steve stands up, solemn, ignoring all the worried stares and pleading faces they all make at him, all of them lost amidst so many conflicting ideas and looking at
“He and Pepper have been together for years, it’s not a surprise.” Sam retorts, making a confused face.
“We have all reason to believe the outcome of Mr. Lang’s trial will be a positive one.” Vision finally concludes, with only a slight tilt of enthusiasm in his voice, a quiet, but present thing, the hopeful expectation Steve so desperately wants to believe in. “The judgment might have been passed, but the sentence is not permanent. As soon as possible, Mr. Lang will be able to request an appeal for a reduction of his sentence, and possibly, he will be able to return to his normal life, before the Ant-Man was ever a concern for him.”
“There is one element already known to withstand the power of an Infinity Stone, according to my records.”
“I know.” Because he does. Bucky is the strongest person he knows, and Shuri is a genius. She’ll find a way to help him. But it’s not
And yet he keeps doing it. He does it again and again, because it’s his job, because it’s in his blood, and no matter how many times he loses, he keeps coming back, almost as if he is addicted.  He doesn’t know why. He feels obligated, but he doesn’t-- he feels like it’s right, but it isn’t.
his mind supplies, in a small and almost inaudible voice at the very back of his head -, but Bucky is the only one coming forward, almost timidly, in Steve’s direction.
The time slows down, and the silence seems to stretch into forever. Steve tries very hard not to allow himself to think of cold, of bare walls, of video static and a
that Natasha ran away for any sort of apprehension over the Accords. Natasha doesn’t fear governments, and she sure as hell doesn’t fear
(I’m starting to get worried, Captain. Talking to the walls? Hallucinating about the enemy? You should get that checked out.)
Pepper stops, and in her hesitation, Tony sees more sadness than he thought was possible to convey in one single pause. “I’m not asking you to do that, Tony.”
“He tried, that’s for sure.” He grumbles, mostly to himself, and because he knows that’s not helpful, he continues, “But no. Happened on its own. He said the resources were scarce and the population was too big, so he made a proposal: To kill half of them before they all starved.”
told him that it has something to do with one of T’Challa’s most trusted spies, a woman named Nakia, and telling them anything else would be to break her trust. Clint makes a face as he tells him that, as if he’s trying to imply something Steve doesn’t quite get, but the subject dies all too quickly for him to ask for any clarification. He guesses it doesn’t matter. If it worked for Scott, there is no reason why it shouldn’t work for Clint, and that is what Steve tells himself every time the anxiety starts to get too out of his control and threatens to dissolve the perfectly calm mask he’s wearing, trying not to make this any harder on his teammates than it already is.
“These walls are soundproof, you know?” Tony comments offhandedly, turning his head to the side so he can look at Steve’s face, the plush pillows nice and soft on his skin. “You don’t have to worry.”
“How are we gonna stop them?” Natasha asks, her lips twisting in anxious pondering. “If we’re not careful people are going to get hurt.”
“We show up, we get the bad guy, we go home. But look what happened when we tried to deal with humans. As soon as we got involved, the world tried to bite us back. We can’t win, Cap. There is no version of this story where we walk away
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too at first, but I’ve been studying on it.” Scott replies, more confidently. “Actually, there’s some advantages to surrendering, you know? You can make some agreements when you go in trial. I’ve done it before, I know how it goes.”
In the end, the inescapable truth is this: they are, for the first time in years, after one of the worst fights Tony has ever fought, together again.
He knows Sam is asking for orders – but something in Steve, somewhere deep inside, the same place where he has shoved all his feelings into in favor of keeping himself alert, of making himself stay focused, a soft, wounded thing gives out a grieving cry, upon the realization that he still cannot
his shield down, crushing the glass casing, and under him he could feel the destruction of so many years combined, the toppling of an empire, the cry of a connection being severed by a blunt knife, by jagged shards, by breaking of trust.
“Well, you’re a part of the team now.” Steve automatically says, and then smiles. “Guess the joke is on you.”
“Can’t use nothing if he’s dead.” Rhodey complains to himself, and Rocket gives him an approving look, shrugging.
in his direction, reaching out to his arms and hands, as if they could stop him from doing something when he’s just standing there, perfectly still. It’s his
“The Accords are not the reason you are conflicted, Captain. I can only help on the matters I’m familiar with.”
?” Steve scoffs, offended. “I sent him the phone, Natasha. He’s the one choosing not to use it. He’s—!” Steve licks his lips and adverts his gaze, suddenly feeling so nauseated, so terrible, so… wrong. “He’s the one pushing us away!”
doesn’t always save lives. There is so much value in emotion, in instinct, even if Steve sometimes tries his best to fight off his own. Contradictions are an important part of being
of them. Tony has no idea what Nebula is or where she comes from, but if whatever has happened on Earth has happened everywhere, hearing it from FRIDAY will be just as fair as hearing it from anybody else.
, but logic has no power over this animal part of him, no doubt is strong enough to weaken his resolve to lay down his life if it means that he will give them the chance to continue theirs. He may have wronged, he may have made things harder, both on them and on himself, but he’s a
He had stood quietly to the side, mouth shut, head dropped low, and whenever he thought of anything, he thought of Bucky and Sam and Wanda and Vision, anyone other than Tony, and he would cry all the same, not making a single sound.
Nebula doesn’t answer. She just shoves the shirt in Tony’s hands, who recognizes the gesture as the order it is, and he pulls it over his head and down his body with some slight difficulty, still half leaning on Nebula for support.
“He had plenty of chances to kill us and he never took them. It wasn’t just about killing us, when he said
Scott is still talking, but at this point Steve is only half listening. He’s sitting so still his body might as well be made of marble right now. Every single breath he takes is harsh and painful, scratching his throat all the way down to his lungs, stinging like needles being pushed into his chest as slowly and agonizingly as possible.
“I know it’s not that simple. You wouldn’t back down because you’re a Russian spy. You didn’t back down when SHIELD fell, why would you back down now?”
“Can you find him some water?” Nebula asks quietly to Dum-E as Tony sits down as ordered, looking at him expectantly.
That doesn’t make him feel any better, but he is not sure if that was what Clint was trying to do at all. He feels like it wasn’t. He was simply stating a fact, a fact that he has accepted after many years agonizing over it, and now, he has finally conceded it a drawn-out, reluctant defeat.
“So should you, my dear.” He says with good humor, and she blinks owlishly for a second, surprised by the soft endearment. Howard hasn’t called her that in at least a couple of months. Maybe years. Maybe since… since Anthony had passed.
Tony can see it happening in his mind’s eye, the memory so clear it hurts to look at it, like a too-bright screen or directly looking into a flashlight, a tunnel of white burning directly into his retinas, branding a photograph into his brain he’ll never be able to burn off.
That’s when Steve shows up. Of course. Steve always shows up when Tony is not ready – not ready to believe he’s alive, not ready to be in a team, not ready to fall in love. And Steve is always there, pushing his limits, not even knowing he’s doing it.
Steve clears his throat, quick and low, a sound that barely lasts a second, but it works; It snaps Vision back to reality, his gaze unfocused and distracted when he turns his eyes back to Steve, looking almost disoriented.
“If I may have a word.” He says, in that diplomatic tone only people with his history of dealing with public affairs and being pleasant over any hardships can possibly achieve.
Steve has ever seen, and Steve’s blood roars with anger so hot and quick he can feel the way it’s melting him from the inside out.
, she gets up and stalks to the command board, her strides full or purpose, and she sits down on the pilot chair and starts pressing so man buttons that Tony can’t even begin to guess what she’s doing.
“You don’t have to worry about that.” Steve assures, his voice filled with a strong sense of confidence he doesn’t feel. “I know what I’m doing.”
“Yes.” Tony bitterly concedes. “But only until we could establish contact with the UN. From there, it’s up to them. Ross is not part of the decision panel, so his arrest order is just a
“Don’t be silly, Maria. Upgrades are necessary! It’s bad enough it can’t be connected with other machines, we can’t let it become obsolete just because.”
He feels so incredibly relieved for being here. He hasn’t been here since he went back for the team, forcefully putting some distance between himself and Bucky, as princess Shuri asked him to. He doubts she meant something so extreme, but Steve felt like it was necessary, or else—or else he wouldn’t have been able to do it. He knows he can’t think clearly whenever Bucky is involved, his deep-seated instincts to keep him close and safe sometimes making him careless, but now he’s trying hard to give Bucky the space he needs. Or he was.
“Okay.” He babbles, running his hands through his hair in clumsy gestures. “We might have an option for our Gauntlet. Okay. Okay, Okay.”
Bruce looks at Tony with a questioning gaze, then Rhodey, then Thor, as if he’s weighing their opinions – but there’s nothing to be done other than to say the truth, no matter how horrible it is.
“What happened between you two?” Bruce asks, softly, almost like he’s afraid of startling Tony is he speaks too loudly, worried, and so, so kind, and Tony wants so badly to trust him, even though he’s
It hadn’t even crossed his mind before, because all he could think of was how he could find a way to break into the Raft without getting caught and leaving with four other people right under Ross’ nose. His plan is half careful, but half mad, and the reason he gets back into the country and into the Raft without being spotted at all is due to his skills as much as it is to dumb luck. He’s always been a little reckless about things like this. When there’s a mission to complete and no one is doing anything, Steve just charges ahead, sometimes with only the barest of thoughts, just because he can’t stay still and let injustice rule.
How I thought you two could get over this by yourselves is beyond me, I don’t know what I was thinking.”
“How many were there before?” Nebula inquires, looking at him, but Tony is just staring ahead, unblinking.
, aimed at a banged-up SUV, shooting at its side like he has to kill it even if it’s the last thing he’ll ever do.
right now. If they think about it too much, it will hold them back, and they are working on a schedule that doesn’t allow for any hesitation, at any point. Tony understands Wong’s hesitation, his suspicion of their intentions and their willingness to actually go forth with what they’re saying, not knowing them, let alone
So hard it nearly killed him, more than once, so hard it made him lose almost everything. So hard it had gotten him nightmares that wouldn’t leave, so hard he became obsessed with being better, faster,
“Tony—” Rhodey warns, and he rushes to Tony’s side and grabs him by the arm, but he’s pushed off by a rough shake and a step forward, as Tony marches right into Rogers’ face, straight to Barton and Romanov,
They share the Tower and rarely have accidents or dangerous fights with each other instead of villains, which he feels like it’s definitely a point in their favor. A few things are still complicated here and there. Bruce struggles with sharing quarters, for obvious reasons, Thor spends long stretches of time away, and Natasha and Barton can’t simply shed away years and years of keeping secrets so close to their hearts just like that. Even Rogers, Mr. American Dream, is not as loving and fluffy as his perfect blond hair and blue eyes make him seem. The guy has a mean Disappointment glare, colder than the Alps. And it’s
Nodding, Wanda places a hand on Vision’s arm and gently guides him outside, both of them inclining their head towards one another, talking in hushed tones until they step out of the apartment. The door closes slowly behind them, leaving them all staring at nothing once they are gone.
“Well, I’ll be going as Scott Lang now, not Ant-Man. I don’t even have the suit. Putting me in a floating prison will be
“No, we can’t divide.” Rogers adamantly says, and Tony wishes he wasn’t this childish right now, but—
, and they were asking the thought questions we didn’t have any answer to. Who is responsible, who is to blame? When SHIELD broke, there was no one we could trace back our activity to. We became vigilantes for the US government. And
“It had to be something strong enough to hold six Infinity Stones.” Nebula reminds them, voice gruff. “Not only when they were just there, but also when he used them. The Gauntlet has to be just as powerful.”
“Alright.” Tony says, sounding winded and pretending to ignore the fact completely, slapping the sofa cushion beneath him in a completely out of place action, merely to hold back the instinct to pull Nebula close. “Crap family, huh? Welcome to the club.”
“So they were ready for it, huh?” Bucky huffs, weakly, looking at his feet. “They were ready in case something out of their control happened.”
“The Accords don’t have to be a concern. If you wish to read the new version, all you have to do is ask.” T’Challa assures him through his anguish, and Steve makes all the effort he can manage to keep himself grounded on the king’s words, his soft tone and his hopeful promise, even though Steve knows he will never take up on that offer. “Perhaps reading them will put some of your doubts at rest.”
The idea makes something unpleasant squirm inside Tony’s chest, the years-old, deep-seated instinct of protecting his heart from anything that might get too close, especially when that thing is of alien nature. “How?”
But for me, at least, it hasn't ended. There is still a Part 2 to go - And this time, Tony will be there. And if half an arch cannot stand, because we only had Steve's feelings being unraveled here, I wonder how it will all hold up when
“If Mr. Lang decides to partake in any international action while using the Ant-Man suit, yes. It will be necessary.”
, at least.” Tony admits, and he’s pleasantly surprised there’s no judgment, no derision in Steve’s tone when he assumes, correctly, that Tony
Rhodey runs, and Tony feels overwhelmed, feels himself shaking with the explosive mix of feelings over seeing him alive, seeing him standing, being
Should he be surprised about it? He isn’t, really. Somewhere deep inside he always knew, he always felt like his relationship with Tony would be something he would never be completely at ease with; Something, that someday, might…
“Why leave us alive, Stark?” Thor presses. “Why kill all my people, but not me – and why not kill Strange, but try to kill
, technically, he can do what he likes as long he’s not breaking the law; But how is inviting five strangers to live inside his home something Tony Stark can just
that Bruce says beside him in favor of saying, insightfully, “Before any attempt to rebuild what was lost, we need to ensure that they’ll have conditions to live. Being in an isolated place with no resources can also harm the people.”
“Magic is just science you don’t understand yet.” Thor unexpectedly says, and Tony has to stop and turn to look at him, dumbfounded. Thor looks back with a disarmingly soft look in his eyes. “Jane used to say that.”
“I can’t sit still and hope for the best.” Steve half-growls, feeling the clenching of his jaw so strongly it almost hurts at his temples, strength like steel under his bones and white-hot fury between the tendons of his fists. “They don’t deserve it. I have to get them out.”
. Instead… he feels no danger. He doesn’t feel much of anything, to be honest, just a dull sense that tells him that
Bruce sighs, but nods firmly, almost like he’s giving himself a pep talk inside his mind, and pushes the glasses back onto position in his face and goes forth to Thor’s weapon – and it’s
Vision takes a careful pause before answering. “The Avengers are a government-funded initiative, Mr. Wilson. Our headquarters and our resources are provided by the government. If we wish to continue to our initiative while making use of public funds, we must oblige to a work contract. It is only logical.”
He has thought about it a lot. For a very long time. But to this day, Tony still doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do, if he was ever presented with the necessity to reconnect with his…
Something tells him that it’s still extremely early in the morning, or early enough that everyone else is still sleeping, so Thor might not have checked the bedroom, Tony considers, but that only solidifies the theory that this little meeting here is 100% FRIDAY’s schemes at work. Tony wouldn’t know – he muted her, as soon as he stepped out of the room and she attempted to call for Rhodey. He wasn’t having it. Asking her now would be too obvious, he guesses, too telling of his pain and how poorly his attempts of dealing with his feelings are going so far, especially if he dared to do it in front of Thor; And though his pride is not something Tony has much left of, always a fickle thing and too much of a hazy concept for him to pay it much mind, but humiliation is still something he’s very aware and very familiar with, and the burning heat of shame still stings in his memory just like the sting of scotch, and he can’t have his body tasting either or else the spiral down will never stop.
Holy fuck, that might actually be an offensive thing he just did. Bringing Nebula here, to his home, where all his other machines are? Oh, fuck, Tony hadn’t thought about it like that. Is Nebula offended by the idea that Tony might be interested in her as a machine? I mean – he
“Who are you to say what we can or can’t do?!” A man screams, spit and sweat flying as he grabs the bars with all his strength, face squeezed between the bars so tightly Tony almost fears he might get his head stuck if he can push it between the gap. “America is
“Seems like he likes them.” Tony explains. “Apparently being Irish and living in the forties hasn’t destroyed his taste buds somehow. Lucky guy.”
Steve thinks about it for a long time. His body thrums with energy, restless and uncomfortable, his heart beating in a strange rhythm; Singing a song of uneasiness, that dreaded feeling that only doubt can make you feel, the dark pit of fear for the unknown, for what he might find inside his head if he looks for it too deeply.
Nebula scowls, a little less aggressively than Tony would expect, but it’s still a scowl. “And leave me alone to fly this ship to Terra?”
, and what good are those when the time to make things right comes? The only way to fix things is by
He can’t even imagine what he must have sounded like, in a letter of apology written when he was still so angry, still so lost inside his own morals, still feeling like the fight hadn’t ended. Like self-important, arrogant dick, probably. Tony might’ve burned the damned thing, and Steve wouldn’t have blamed him. But he hopes he kept the phone. If nothing else in that piece of paper, Steve had meant his last words the most, and he
“We better have some rest. The day has been long.” Rogers says, softly, almost intimately, directly to Tony, not to the room at large. “We can go through those books first thing tomorrow morning. But I think we need to take a break.”
None of the people screaming are actually Barton or Tony. Rocket yells in indignation, Ross yells in vain attempts to install order in the group, Rhodey yells at Barton to step back, Natasha yells at Barton to calm down. Bruce begs Tony to walk away, looking a little green around the gills, and Nebula orders him the same, though she does not look back to tell him so, her eyes locked onto Barton like predator to prey.
that clouds his thoughts, thick and heavy, like the fog that slithers between the buildings outside, he knows he is being nonsensical. But that realization only comes a fraction too late, after the instinctive, nearly malicious thought has already manifested in his brain, a quick blink of bitterness, of something dark and painful he has been pushing down for
“I didn’t help them.” Tony says, because it feels like the truth. He’s not sure if it is, but it’s too late to think about it anyway. “I couldn’t.”
He had trusted him because If there was anyone Tony has believed would be fair and just and do whatever it took to make sure he’ll save everyone, it would be Steve Rogers. Not because he was Captain America, but because Rogers was – he was a stubborn asshole, a guy that refused to back down and be defeated, that would rather get himself killed in battle than let civilians be harmed. Tony had admired that. When that stubbornness clashed with his own and when Steve would give him that disappointed look or bicker about something; Tony had taken all of it in stride, because he’s a good sport, and despite what everyone thinks, Tony does listen to criticism. He’s goal-oriented, for fuck’s sake. He’s an
“It’s not a fight.” Pepper sadly replies. “It’s a rescue. We have to rescue the people out there, Tony. All of us.”
“Bruce.” Tony calls him when he realizes that Bruce might be silently panicking, just a little bit, fearing they are all ignoring the seriousness of his arguments. Tony’s not. Believe him, he is
“What, get kicked out the Archives?” Tony laughs, eyebrow arched. “Is it not enough that you cause me minor injuries, Rogers? Now you want to employ Mockingbird to do it?”
It all happens so fast that Tony is still blinking when he realizes Nebula has raised her arms and is
“And I want to…” Steve stops suddenly, nervously. “I don’t want this to be a… what do you call it? A fling. I want – something more.”
But he did have help. He does. Natasha is here, and she wasn’t supposed to be, and he can’t help but think of what might have caused her to leave the compound, what happened between her and Tony, and if Tony
” Tony demands, despite the shaky tone of his voice. “Either we both screwed up and you can live with that, or you should leave.”
Nick looks at him like he’s tired of Tony’s bullshit, rolling his eye – funny how the eyepatch doesn’t diminish the strength of his unimpressed face, Tony’s sure he practices that face on the mirror –, lips pressed together in an almost grim expression, but when does he not look like that? Tony takes this as permission and designs an entire new set of suits and battle armor, of weapons and stealth equipment, for every single one of them.
“Lady, just—” Tony twitches, trembling as he pulls her away, trying to be gentle but also completely losing his mind from the way his eyes just fucking begin to water, something wounded and hurtful curling inside his chest, putting pressure into his heart like he has a ton being placed upon his body, “Stop.
“Negative.” Carter reports. “They are all staff who stayed behind or brought families to keep them safe. The President isn’t here.”
Wanda looks up at him, a little dazed, a little sad, and Steve can do nothing but place his hand on her shoulder and give it a little squeeze, putting on the kindest smile he can manage on his face. “We’ll drop you off at the airport.”
He should be feeling it, shouldn’t he? The fragility in his stance. A trembling, unsure support to his tired, weary body. But he’s not. It’s like it’s not his body at all. His hands are pressed against the shower wall tightly, supporting most of his weight, his fingers curling painfully as if they could dig into the tiles, nails too short to actually scratch and hurt, but enough that he can feel the push of the wall against them as he claws at it in random, restless movements, mindless of it. He can feel that. He also feels like it’s a little hard to breathe, like it used to be with the Arc Reactor.
“We’ll rest here for tonight too.” Rogers interrupts calmly, his voice oddly placating. “We also haven’t slept in days. We’ll all rest, and tomorrow, we all leave together. I’m not going to divide us again. From now on, we stay together.”
“When did you give the Accords to Scott?” Steve asks, with barely a hint of an accusation in his voice.
“It’s cool if you don’t want to sign them, Cap. I’m not angry about that.” Clint says in a lighter tone, probably concerned with the lack of a proper response from Steve. “I understand. You have much more at stake than I do. Not trying to be an asshole or anything, but you don’t have much more than the Avengers now, do you? It sucks.”
“Bucky is my best friend.” Steve says in a low, reserved tone, his eyes cast down so he doesn’t have to face Sam. As if that would make any difference.
, going tight and beating too fast, spreading pain inside his chest and down his stupid left arm, and he nearly hyperventilated. So he put it away, and he didn’t ask.
Thor wraps his hand around the steel bars, pure strength and power hiding just below the thin skin of his digits, of appearance so human but abilities so much more than that, his grip firm and unwavering, and it takes no more than a squeeze for a
He was smart. He was so smart. The world would have been his, to change and to inspire, because he was so clever and so good, but he was gone and there was no way of getting him back. She can’t help but feel this is all her fault, she doesn’t know why, but if only she had woken up a few hours earlier, if she had protected him a little more carefully, if, if,
Still, they are friendly. If they walk past each other they wave and smile, and if they have to fight or train together, they do it very well. Funny enough, when there are other people there to kind of buffer their interactions, nothing ever goes wrong. Both Tony and Steve hang out with Natasha a lot – Tony with far more flirting involved it seems –, if they meet, nothing weird happens. No accidents, no unfortunate bruising. When Jan and Loki and Sam or even
The phone is shaking in his fingers, his hands sweaty and breath stuttering, leaving in harsh pants through his parted lips.
“Talk to him.” Jarvis explains. “He learns, you see. If I’m estimating correctly, Tony might be able to learn almost any subject you introduce him to, if you give him the data he needs.”
“What?” Tony prompts, but then asks, “If you’re not dead, why are you here? Thought you’d get the first flight to Cancun or something. Not the best time to be prancing around when SHIELD has just gone down the hole, is it?”
Nothing changes during the day. They do drills, they share the common spaces, they go to SHIELD meetings. They have Movie Nights, they argue over takeout, they are
“I need my workshop.” Tony realizes, breathing low and quiet, as the admission could cause chaos if uttered too loud.
looking at each other’s eyes, like it’s the first time they’ve actually done it. He has never connected with Natasha like this. With any of them. This is incredibly new, this deep, unwavering trust, the kind of bond he expected to have only with Bucky for the rest of his life…
. And it’s much easier to control the border crossing of 8 people than it is to the migration flow of 28 independent countries, that’s for sure.”
“I can use the armor.” Pepper assures him. “I’m going to use it, and I’m going with you. I can help. I’ve been out there, I know what happened. I can’t sit here and do nothing while you guys are out there.”
, he distantly remembers. It’s like the thought comes from very far away, from somewhere other than inside his mind, like a voice whispering very close to his ear, with no breath and no sound.
That’s not what Steve wanted. He didn’t want this conversation to turn sour so quickly. He wanted a peaceful moment with his best friend, just this time, just one moment where they could forget the world and act like this was still 1940 and they had nothing else to worry about but each other. Just a little sliver of normalcy. One single conversation where they could pretend the world outside isn’t raging in fire every single second of the day, that their connections with all others haven’t been destroyed or damaged in some sort of way. Just one. Just
Pepper watches as he stops there, eyes wide and begging, face surely frantic in its nearly childish desire to avoid this conflict in its entirety – hoping, with all his being, that his reaction will be enough proof to her that he truly means what he’s saying. This is not an elaborate plot to hurt himself, physically or mentally. It’s not. And he’s not doing this recklessly. The very impulse of trying to figure out the Stones before finding Thanos and getting the Gauntlet from him is the very evidence of how much thought he’s putting into this. This is
Tony’s chest seizes, hurting for that boy, hurting because that is all he can do, and when Nebula walks so far away that she disappears from his line of sight again, he lets his head fall down and a sob escape his scratchy throat, burning all the way up from the depths of him, a lick of pain he fees like it’s deserved.
, tell me what you mean, easy and simple this time. Hey!” He screams again, panicky, when Thor goes to argue again, just for the sake of childishly disagreeing. “
Possibly. Tony doesn’t really care. The part of his mind that never shuts down, the hyperactive, science-oriented one, does wonder how they’ve been able to stay here, with no oxygen support, for as long as they have.
It’s an unnerving experience, going out on the helipad when the Compound is empty. The Jet, lit up by the lights of the platform, stands menacing and deceptively safe, even though they will be flying mostly blind; And as its turbines begin to spin, the cutting sound of the motors and the sudden rush of the blow of ice-cold air makes Tony’s ears and lungs hurt, his breath leaving out a wisp of white smoke as he exhales, hands and face immediately burning with the unexpected low temperature of the outdoors.
, the something he knew was there ever since Nebula held that boy in her arms out there on the street, that soft, wavering fragility she was keeping hidden under so many walls and so many hard glares and snares.
He will never tell a soul, but in these nights, he feels like his age. The literal one hundred years everyone likes to mock him for, like his soul is far too old for his body, and the ache and the exhaustion he feels doesn’t come from sore muscles or cuts and bruises, but directly from his bones, down to the marrow and the blood, moving sluggishly inside his veins and across his body. Beaten down and weary.
“Oh, he knew.” Nebula counters, her voice scratching with the weight of her sarcasm. “He was looking for those Stones for years. Far longer than you think.”
Deep inside, Ultron will always be a reminder of what happens when his arrogance goes too far. It had been a bad call, and he’ll keep the memory of it forever, despite wanting to or not. That’s what he does. He remembers. Afghanistan, the wormhole,
Steve looks at her, one eyebrow raised, and Natasha stares back with the unflinching reprimand his Ma used to give him when he was being purposefully difficult. That unimpressed,
, to whatever bizarre circumstances may arrive and make their presence necessary. And they always have to be ready. It’s so easy to fall into a routine where he can just jump from one mission to another, occupying his thoughts only with the next objective, the next win, and never straying away from that until it is too late.
She wants to talk about Bucky, but Steve will pay her no mind. He knows she is anxious, that the prospect of Scott having a favorable trial is something she is eagerly waiting for, even though she is very good at hiding it; Because if Scott gets away with what happened in Leipzig, chances are they
He feels terrible. He knows what Natasha’s thinking. He knows she knows what he was about to say, and she knows he won’t, because they’ve had this discussion before. Over and over again. But this, this is the one issue they can’t get over it, even after their fight, because they fight over the Accords, never against the other stuff. Maybe it’s because Natasha thinks it’s too personal – and although Steve knows she has no reservations about putting people in a tight spot if she thinks it’s necessary, he also knows Natasha doesn’t deal well with matters that are too close to her heart. He knows, because he doesn’t deal well with his own either.
“I don’t know. He might.” Clint offers, but he sounds dubious. “He might be distracting someone so Vision could come here. That’s my current bet.”
in short supply, have been for almost two years now.” Vision says, pointedly looking at Clint. His tone is so leveled Steve isn’t sure if it’s meant to be a joke or an accusation, but it makes him feel
“Okay.” Bruce breathes deep, trying to maintain his composure. “Okay, we’ll get back to that. As soon as possible. But let’s stay focused. 2012, Project PEGASUS. We’re gonna need every document we can find on that. And… And you father’s notes too.”
“Until we get back to them, they are to stay inside, somewhere safe.” Rogers adds. “If they have eyes on civilians, they should try to stay together. Avoid being alone. Stay warm, and gather food.”
“Fine by me.” Romanov sighs, leaning back in her chair and shrugging, trading a quick look with Agent Barton who she’s casually sharing chairs with. “The Tower is nice. Nicer than SHIELD headquarters.”
It doesn’t matter. Not now. It shouldn’t matter, and yet, here he is, hesitating over a simple implication, not even a confirmation of his suspicions. It means nothing.
Tony does not resent her for being worried about him. He’s not that much of a hypocrite. How could he, when he understands perfectly what it’s like to be worried for the safety of the person you love, as you’re hopeless to help them? God, Tony still quakes at the thought of how it felt to see her with Extremis coursing through her veins while he was pathetically trapped in a bed frame with zip-ties on his wrists. What the
“Let’s hope you are right, Stark, because creating a second Gauntlet only not to find the Stones after is…” Thor murmurs, sadly.
at him, and Tony’s bottom lip shines when he licks it to catch the drop escaping from his mouth and Steve—
mean something comes so readily that it has taken hold of him even before he can stop it. “Not like there’s many names in space.”
now, the ring on Wong’s fingers, something he hadn’t seen Strange use, but apparently, was the responsible for this thing they called magic on their daily basis.
“Alright, quiet, before you make you fearless leader die of embarrassment.” Tony says, before Steve can say anything else – Tony can already hear him sucking in a long, hard breath, which means that whatever follows would
“Thor had an idea.” Tony tells them, the words tumbling out of his mouth almost without his permission, overflowing from his lungs and chest in a torrent he simply has no means to control. He already dreads the outcome of this conversation, but there’s no way to
friends, Steve thinks – they just can’t seem to be alone together without one of them getting a minor injury. But it gets to a point where it starts to
No, that’s not the same. It’s not the same at all. He won’t go down this path, he won’t do it. He won’t play this game, Tony. Not anymore.
“I don’t see civilians.” Pepper informs them through comms, out of breath, as she scans the second or the third building frantically. “I think they escaped.”
“Bruce wouldn’t have signed it.” Steve says with absolute certainty. “He would never have stood by Ross.”
“But if he was in trouble.” Steve interrupts, and both Sam and Nat turn their heads to stare at him, their eyes sharp as knives at the firm and serious tone of his voice. “You could find out, couldn’t you? If he was—”
. How did you-- Did you really walk around hiding that from us for nine months? How many hours of sleep have you lost because of this?”
Tony watches with a heavy heart as the raccoon tears at his own fur and screams, screams and curses,
Tony looks up to the ceiling and blinks, blinks, blinks, staving off the emotion, struggling with the tight feeling in his throat.
The absolute exasperation in Rhodey’s voice, the same raw, uncontainable fear Tony feels inside himself – the confusing mix between elation and dread, between relief and painful realization, Tony can hear it in Rhodey’s voice and much as he can feel it in himself, and he can’t help but the way it makes him remember of
They regard him in careful silence, waiting patiently as Barton pushes off the wall and approaches in slow, almost sluggish steps, to join them in the line before the board. Rogers turns to him, with a curt nod, and when Barton nods back, even if his mouth is pressed in a tight, bitter line, Rogers asks:
Shuri grins so wide it must hurt her cheeks, but it is one of the most incredible things Steve has ever seen in his life.
, but you know what’s gonna be even more fun? Having Ross behind bars so I can take you out on a real date.”
Steve remembers, formal and carefully enunciated, his accent a perfect mirror of JARVIS’ old cadence and tone. “Agent Romanov. Mr. Wilson. It is a pleasure to see you again.”
Nevertheless, Maria decides to take her own conclusions on Tony’s learning capacities, starting from the very basics, and working up from there. Today, the subject is shapes.
Steve forces himself to step away from her, but it’s not enough. The air is stifling. His knuckles ache. His eyes sting. “It’s not
“Not anymore.” Tony shakes his head. “It’s all destroyed now. Apparently, the one we got was the last one standing.”
It’s all complicated because his rage and his nostalgia seem perfectly content in coexisting in the corners of his brain and in the cracks in his heart, unaware, or uncaring, that their mere presence is war at Tony’s soul. How can he be sure if his willingness to still work with the team is a display of maturity or just a bad idea, misguided by insistence and naïve hope? How can know if his refusal is pure stubbornness or the right choice, or even a choice he could possibly say it was founded on logic and fairness, and nothing else?
Natasha watches him like a hawk as he shoves the whole cookie in his mouth, munching enthusiastically, and he reaches for a second one without prompting or insistence of her part. She seems satisfied with that. Steve eats the second one the exact same way, and he realizes that was not the best plan, because the cookie is dryer than he expected and the thing just sucks the moisture out of his mouth, and crumbs fall all over his mouth and chin.
are falling in love with each other from being together, when they are breaking rules to do so. Vision might not see it yet, and Steve is almost willing to bet that he probably doesn’t; but the fact that searching for
lifestyle: thinking violence is normal. Any kind of violence. The kind you fight off every single day, because it’s your job. The kind you’re forced to inflict, when violence is aimed your way.
Actually breathe. It’s the first time in all his life there’s no chronic pain aching in his weak muscles as he inhales, the air going in and out his lungs with the force of a motor, through airways completely unobstructed, so much oxygen it nearly makes his head spin. It’s overwhelming. He almost sighs with the sensation, a pleasant feeling that manifests itself like a tingling in his limbs and spine, completely erasing the scorching pain he’d been in when the machine started to activate the serum in is veins. He feels no pain now. He only feels
He drops the bat in a haste, and raises his hands into the air as if to indicate it’s not an attack, he didn’t do it on purpose – but of
rich – and that allows for a whole lot of privacy, but somehow, they keep bumping into each other all the time. Steve is never alone in the gym anymore because Natasha is always there, sometimes with Clint by her side; Although, Steve sees Clint far more frequently in the TV room, sometimes with Bruce, who usually has a book or paper of some sort in his hands, sometimes with glasses, sometimes without, sometimes
“But wouldn’t that fix things? For us?” Tony looks at her with pleading eyes, desperate – for anything, anything that could solve this before its too late, before any of them can say any words they can’t take back. He’s willing to do it. There’s almost nothing that he wouldn’t be willing to do to keep her, even the suit. “There would be no danger. You wouldn’t have to worry if I’ll come back if I’ll always
Thor, as expected, halts. His eyes – blue, gold – lock onto Tony’s with unnerving, penetrating intensity, as if they can see far more than they should, and beyond Tony’s already paranoid feelings over being seen vulnerable, the fact that this is Thor, a god, a creature so different from Tony himself, from all of them; And beyond that, a person who Tony has never quite understood or connected with, a relationship within the team who had remained, in some ways, so distant still – that is the
As soon as he is alone, Steve draws in a breath like a drowning man reaching surface. Then, he almost starts hyperventilating.
Immediately, he is consumed by the worst of indecisions. Flying in the suit would be faster; Objectively, he can use the boosters in his armor and reach DC earlier, and start an intervention before the others arrive and scare the crowd.
need to work. You can join me, if you want. Wasn’t sure anyone would be up to help after what happened yesterday, but if anyone would still be in for it, I guess it would be you two. Not really surprised. I’m just sorry you had to see that. You… really didn’t need to.”
“There might be—” Tony chokes, body flinching in sharp pain when he mindlessly tries to twist himself so he can look at his companion, the wound in his abdomen stretching painfully and probably starting to bleed again in his hasty movement. “On Earth. I need to— I need to go back. I need to know who’s left. I need to know.”
“Nothing we could do.” Tony admits, and it cuts through his throat like he’s swallowing glass, the bitterness of it, and before it has any chance of staining his tongue with its acid, horrid taste, he swallows it down by sheer force of will and says, with all the strength he can muster, “We’re getting them back.”
people into giving some aid to the cause, whatever the cause may be, because some humility is good for the soul.
And in the quiet she leaves in her wake, Tony breathes, and breathes, and breathes, and every breath is a stab in his heart.
He’s done with this. Done with holding all this emotion back, done with hiding it beneath plastic smiles and heavy silences, with averted gazes and fake forgiveness – he does
Christ, this has – it’s too much of a coincidence, isn’t it? It has to be a coincidence, but at the same time – it’s too
, but it all fades to black so fast he can’t make anything of it until it’s too late. When he finally wakes up for longer than two minutes, it’s slow, drawn-out, like dragging himself outside a hole in the sand with his bare hands, fingers slipping constantly between the grains, a struggle and a punishment.
When— When did the idea of Tony confronting him started to sound like a disappointment, and not a challenge?  Why? Because he messed up? Because of Ultron? It was a
It’s futile, and he knows it. Peggy knows it. And he’s gonna do it anyway, because it’s the right thing to do, and he’ll not sacrifice other people’s lives to save himself.
“One of them stabbed Vision and the wound stopped him from phasing.” Natasha frantically says, as if she’s unsettled that they don’t understand the severity of her revelation. “What kind of metal could do that, even if it was enhanced with an Infinity Stone?”
“I got it.” Steve says - his voice low and a little distorted over the speakers in Tony’s watch, a little worse for wear, but still a better comfort than anything else he could have asked for. “Nat is getting the files to the UN as we speak.”
“Wouldn’t that make Wanda and Pietro hosts?” Natasha inquires. “What’s the difference between being a host and just being injected with power from a Stone?”
Burning curiosity sparks like wildfire in Tony’s chest, but he contains it the best he can, settling for a very casual, “You sure? You think that would help?”
T’Challa had no obligation to help him. Or Bucky, or any of them. T’Challa is the living proof that being on different sides of the Accords is no reason for a war, no reason for it to be the end, for any of them. It is not ideal, Steve isn’t ignorant enough to lose sight of the fact that the only reason why they are able to speak at all is because they do it in secret, because T’Challa is breaking the Accords at the same pace he is strengthening them, but if one day the Accords are as good as T’Challa hopes they will be, this will no longer be an issue. There will no longer be the need to hide. Someday, if things get better, this divide can dissolve itself and vanish into thin air, like it should, as it had never existed at all.
The sweep of the glowing ray of the regeneration machine feels like nothing at all on his wound. Bruce had to cut off his stitches, as carefully as he could, and the tug on his skin as he did so had more sensation to it than the direct action of Dr. Cho’s machine, just as she promised once. Bruce holds Tony down with a careful, merely mindful hand, to prevent him from slipping into an odd angle, and the machine works making almost no sound at all, gentle, and as Bruce watches it, with the soft blue glow of it illuminating his face, Tony watches Bruce.
Sometimes, they go with her. Not in a sense that they follow her, because they don’t, but they do move countries with her every once in a while, simply because it’s convenient. They still have to keep it moving, after all. Their numbers might be slowly going down, but at the end of the day, they are still fugitives; And the ones that are left have to stick together as much as they can, because they have no one else they can trust.
“What do you want me to say, Thor?” Tony hunches his shoulders, defensively. “I don’t know what any of it means.”
“Good to have you on board, Mr. Jarvis.” The man says, getting up and brushing invisible dust off his lap. “Let’s get some Nazis in jail.”
“You don’t have to trust someone to work with them. I know that better than anyone else.” Natasha shrugs. “Now... I guess you do too.”
what caused this. We accidentally killed seven Wakandans and the King himself grabbed us by the neck and said that if we didn’t do anything to make up for it, we shouldn’t have any right to keep the team active. And he was
He doesn’t know how long he stands there, watching a motionless Bucky—his best friend, once more silent, once more frozen, and it kills him inside to see him like that. He doesn’t deserve it. No one deserves it. It shouldn’t be like this.
“So, how did you guys meet?” says Bruce, with all the awkwardness of someone who doesn’t know how to maintain small talk with someone who clearly admires him, unintentionally making it sound like a distant relative who’s fishing for the story of how Tony and Lang got eloped somehow.
He must admit it: He is afraid. If Tony is the reason why Howard and Maria Stark never made it home, the one who ordered the kill is still looking for him. Tony might not be the reason why; After all, Howard Stark had his hand in far too many projects, between SHIELD and Stark Industries, or whatever happened inside his so secretive laboratory, but to be kept
Steve gets weird in the following days. Sometimes Steve gets weird for all sorts of reasons, but this time, Tony is having a hard time believing it’s not his fault.
“I’m going with you out there today, Tony.” Pepper unexpectedly says, and Tony startles, both by the surprise of her voice breaking the silence and the meaning of her words.
“Then I’ll wait.” Steve declares firmly. “When they’re better, you can give me them. I will read them, when the time comes. But I have read them before, Your Highness, and I don’t think my mind will change no matter how wonderful you make them sound. As long as they won’t let us go home, won’t let us
no idea why the MCU has neglected that fact for so long, especially when we have two deeply traumatized individuals constantly sharing screentime with him and the man never says a goddamn word. I'm not ok with that. Time for this man to speak up a bit.
“I just—” He huffs, frustrated. “I want to have one normal afternoon with him! Is that too much to ask?”
. Just a little bit, but Tony knows because he can see his ears, and they turn an adorable shade of pink.
“Save something for me, alright?” Tony squeezes her hand, tempted to raise it to his lips and give it a kiss, but the weight of the stares on them stops him from doing it. “I’ll be right back.”
“You’re cute too, Sam.” Natasha smirks, and Sam snorts out a laugh before reaching for his coffee cup again.
When the visitor comes, he’s already in the study for a couple of hours—and he wonders, a second too late, if they came through the window, even though he did not hear any sounds from the lock or the curtains. He wonders if they were already inside when he came. And if they were, why did they stood in the dark for so long, instead of attacking him.
She does not know what Tony is made of. Mr. Jarvis did not tell her. And she can understand why, because of her memory is correct, Howard Stark was one very secretive individual, despite all his flaunting around, and he probably hadn’t shared details of this project – his
He regrets how little he cared for what he was doing as he did it. For two years, the world had known Bucky was the Winter Soldier. For two years,
, Tony is suddenly left alone with Steve goddamn Rogers, who Tony may or may not still have a ridiculous crush on!
“I’m just wondering how that little project of yours is gonna fly. Keeping superheroes trapped in the Raft - did anyone in the UN approve that, or did you just make that decision for yourself?”
taking advantage of the distraction of the press to slip away from the Compound and meet them – this time, using Scott’s trial as a reason to stop by; And its prolonged presence in the media to stay for a longer span of time, and have some more time with Wanda and the rest of them.
It cannot be. It simply cannot be that he is the only one who sees this situation as it is. Fuck, ok, he
Queen Ramonda does squint a little when T’Challa tells her of the circumstances that brought them here, but she clearly trusts her son very much, and doesn’t raise an objection even when T’Challa informs they are fugitives.
It’s the same thing he felt when he woke up and realized all he once knew was gone – he is gone too, everything the thought he knew and all the people he could count on once, they have left or they are leaving, and Steve
people, people who are not afraid to dirty their hands and reach to help others, people who rage and people who riot, people who are not afraid to bare their teeth to the evil of the world and snarl back.
okay, there is no other choice. He needs to breathe, he needs to stop his heart from hammering painfully inside his ribcage, he has to be
Yes, seeing her in the armor when the Malibu house was destroyed was kind of hot, but that’s not what he means.
Tony is not sure if he’s saying that to Natasha or Tony himself, but Tony is concerned enough to add, “Make sure the guy doesn’t fall and break his neck, please, we don’t have a medic on call.” He reminds them. “Do you have eyes on Bruce? That’s the most we can do.”
Steve suddenly has the weird impulse to ask Bucky if he has finally found his calling as a farmer, but he doesn’t quite have the motivation or the high spirits to say that joke out loud. He mostly just wants to sit here, in silence, and listen to Bucky speak – the undeniable proof of everything has been fighting for, the proof that Steve’s best friend still exists, he’s still alive, and there is no trace of that looming shadow they call Winter Soldier.
Not that he wouldn’t have done it even without Nick’s permission. Or lack of prohibition. Same thing.
Nebula crosses her arms, a gesture that seems more uncomfortable than aggressive, and mumbles, as Tony sits miserably in front of her, head in his hands, breath shallow and heart unsteady. “That is why I said
“Boss.” FRIDAY suddenly says, snapping him out of his trance, making them all jerk where they stand, startled. “We’ve got incoming.”
He stopped when he discovered that Bucky was the Winter Soldier. But he didn’t stop because he decided to; he just threw himself into a different kind of fight, a different kind of pain, hurting and hurting and thinking it was normal. Then— trying to sacrifice himself in Sokovia. The Accords. The fight. So many instances in which he took violence as a necessity, and he hadn’t realized it.
“Thank you!” Lang loudly replies, but flinches when Nebula moves, even if it’s just to store her batons away.
wishing he wasn’t still so damned exhausted after an entire ten hours of sleep, when it starts to happen.
He only realized it a few months ago. It seems ridiculous that he would take so long to notice it, but Steve has never had so much
But now he’s thinking about it, if that cage hadn’t existed, where else would’ve they put Loki? It’s the only other moment in Steve’s memory where they actually
now. He’s losing it. He’s losing all his strength and he doesn’t know what to do to make this right. “We can’t trust them blindly. You know that. You saw what happened to SHIELD. How can you trust them after that?”
he didn’t do it on purpose. He knows it, and Tony knows it too, or so he says as Steve starts to apologize profusely, ears burning in a way that indicate they must be flaming red in embarrassment. Steve hadn’t seen him, hadn’t even heard him come into the club, distracted as he was with planning his shots. Tony laughs even, if a little too winded, despite the fact that his belly clearly hurts where he’s still holding it, and says:
Steve reaches into his pocket, his fingers trembling, his eyes closed, and when his hand closes around the burner phone, it is
the Accords are not something Ross just came up with out of nowhere, 117 other countries had been involved in their creating, but
Steve is paying attention now. All the time. He thinks about the Accords, over and over, about what could happen to Scott and what they would have to do if it did. He strategizes, but he does it in silence.
“It’s okay.” Tony whispers, looking away, because he doesn’t know what else to say. It’s not okay. Not exactly. But they have to make do. They have to be okay. They just have to. “Sorry. Too. About DC. And everything.”
“Without that gauntlet, he’s just an alien-like any other.” Tony pushes into Thor’s personal space, feeling bigger, larger than life, the force of the flames inside his chest expanding in an explosion. “Our
“Iron Man is just… another way for you to do what I always knew you were going to do. You were trying to change the world. You still are.” Pepper says, fondly, and cups his neck to run a thumb over his jaw, where the beard grows unkempt and wild, black and gray and probably scratching her soft skin. “And I will never blame you for it.”
makes Nebula’s eyes gleam dangerously, like she is a dog who is seconds away from trying to bite him. “Then stop moving. You might die.”
“’HYDRA will rise again’, he told me.” Ms. Carter said, looking at a far away point in the horizon, her face turned to the window as if she was in deep thought. “And he believed those words when he said it.”
, and Steve couldn’t know what had happened to him. By the time they could leave Wakanda after the search for Sam had proven itself useless, they’ve been awake for so long and so sick to their very souls as the realization of just how much they had
“Well, it seems he knew what he was carrying, at least.” Bruce muses. “They were being cautious. Guess this is why Wong warned us about the spells. Some of them mention Time Loops and Time Reversal and all sorts of stuff that could literally break the universe.”
Tony’s ears register the sound of the armor approaching even before his mind does. He knows it like the back of his hand. He can hear it approaching, soaring through the gloomy sky, heading straight to his direction, and he gets up hastily and shakes in his wobbly legs, looking out through the glass walls and into the great field surrounding the Compound, his eyes darting from side to side like a stranded man, looking for incoming help in the horizon.
was finally settling in, the very idea of going back to the Compound had hurt. So they had no way of knowing. Steve had ached, had beaten himself up over the feeling that it was
“And it has nothing to do with you guys, ok? I— I don’t regret being here, I don’t regret fighting. I owed you a favor, Cap, and I didn’t like the idea of the team being controlled by a shifty bastard like Ross.” He gesticulates wildly with his hands, indignant. “But maybe, letting my family down because of a favor hasn’t been the smartest decision I’ve ever made. And maybe… maybe I should have read the damn document I did that for. I should have. But I didn’t, and now it’s done, whatever, but if I have
He’s glad he hasn’t been in a casino for years now. He can’t imagine what kind of chaos his team could create if presented with rigged slot machines.
Tony has never met T’Challa’s sister, Princess Shuri, but he has heard a lot. She’s a genius, apparently; From what he’s heard, she is the one responsible for most, if not all, technology in Wakanda, which sounds
“Didn’t sleep.” Tony admits, raising his mug in the air for them to see. “Just came up to get more coffee.”
“It was also what he used to escape.” Thor says, after trying to hide a sniffle. “When the fight was over. He opened a portal and just disappeared.”
Tony sniffs, feeling his nose uncomfortably runny and his eyes stinging, and yet he says “Yes.”, because he has no other choice.
“It’s weird, huh.” Tony says, but it’s not joking. Not quite. Just slightly amused. “Guess I just really missed having some sleep.”
T’Challa pays him no mind. He stares Steve down with his dark eyes, serious and firm, and when he speaks, he is no longer the benevolent, wise benefactor he was just a few seconds ago.
Steve frowns even though he is trying to keep his expression neutral and attentive. “You’ve been in touch?”
They’re not without bruises this time either. At one point, Tony attempted to grab his shield and it escaped his hands only to jam painfully into his arm, and the head of one of the dummies got thrown into the air with one of Tony’s explosives and it fell on Steve, and he might have a huge bump hiding beneath his hair, but it’s definitely there, because Steve can
“That’s enough.” Rogers interrupts, stepping forward so he can stand somewhat in between Barton and Tony. “We’re a team—"
He reaches to the silver star right in the middle of the suit’s chest, pulling the tip with his blunt fingernail until it gives a little, and then he grips the corner with his fingers and completely pulls it off, ripping it from the fabric cleanly.
Happy 2020, everybody! Did you miss me? I certainly missed you! I am so happy to be back! We are finally here after a very long pause, I am very eager to get back into it, and we better not waste any time before going back into that sweet, sweet angst we've all been needing.
; and the odd feeling that’s not quite shame, but also not comforting, that’s half regret and half reluctance, and all sorts of confusing.
“We go out there and help who we can. Just in the city, we can’t go too far. I don’t even know if we’ll be able to, depending on how many people are out there.”
“Tony, hey.” Sharon greets him kindly, and Wilson surprisingly also cracks a smile and raises his drink in a welcoming gesture.
Steve watches them, holding his plate and not taking a single bite, and he thinks he has found out where the insistence Natasha has of making him eat comes from.
Did they all think it was only about that? Or did they suspect? Did any of them ever thought it was strange the way Steve had refused to talk about Tony or Bucky, refused to talk about
“Captain Rogers.” He blinks, as if he’s slowly coming back to himself, and he remembers what Steve said before Wanda said her goodbye. “Yes, of course. Please, follow me.”
him. Steve doesn’t know how long has passed, how long he stood there in silence, arguing with the voice in his head like a complete lunatic, almost having a mental breakdown in front of Wakanda’s king. Steve chastises himself for his stupid, pathetic vulnerability, for dragging T’Challa into his ridiculous show of self-pity that Steve can’t seem to escape.
“Look, it doesn’t matter what Fury has or hasn’t been doing.” Tony says, before turning to Natasha. “You think you can reach them with just a message through FRIDAY?”
, be he is an engineer and he is fascinated with marvelous tech, whatever origin that tech might have –, but Tony is not trying to make Nebula into one of
“That’s why the Mind Stone was the one to warn us.” Bruce says, in a tone of wondrous realization. “Because it was the only Stone that had been in contact with Thanos before.”
and broken. They think, and think, and think, and Tony waits with his fists clenched tight, resisting the urge to chew on his lip so hard he’ll draw blood, and if it makes him angrier, it makes him burn hotter, if it makes him more and more
Tony has seen images like this before. In conferences, in talks about environment restoration and protection, in many conferences Tony attended after he turned to green energy. He has seen estimates, the
“It’s not the same.” Natasha shakes her head, her tone not relieved, just confused. “I was trying to find a pattern, but it keeps falling apart. If Loki could manipulate you into his plan, maybe Strucker did the same with Wanda – but you were locked inside your mind, and Wanda wasn’t. At the same time, she got powers, and you didn’t.”
It looks like – It looks like they are genuinely bantering like children, like siblings, like an inside joke only the two of them are privy to.
Pepper’s eyes linger on his for one more second, one long, drawn-out moment, a stretch of time they’re both stealing in a way, like young lovers who can’t win against the world that tries to keep them apart, but then Pepper breaks the connection, and turns away in a slow, careful movement, before heading towards the agents to discuss the addition of their communication devices to FRIDAY’s systems.
“T’Challa.” Steve mutters, after a long, heavy pause, taking in a deep breath and letting it do so harshly that its almost painful. “I have to ask you something.”
, and only those who are really looking for it can see past that fake exterior, but it’s really hard for him to do so. Steve is not going to lie and say he can’t see it, because he
, and the hurt swimming behind the dual color of his eyes, stormy blue and simmering gold, is the only thing that keeps Tony steady in his stance, even as the others start to protest around them, trying to stop their argument with varying degrees of panic. “You think I’m fine with Thanos destroying this planet? The
Tony will waste away in all the ways except the one Thanos didn’t give him, and he knows it because he knows what feels like. Knows it all too well. Knows it, like he knows his very heart.
, is what she doesn’t say, but Steve hears the words in her pause anyway. “Tony chased down the Mandarin alone?”
“Did you just—?” Clint splutters, but gives up halfway and turns around, going to the kitchen to raid the fridge and pretend the last few seconds hadn’t happened.
Thor stares back at him, his eyes sparkling with emotions too fast for Tony to process them, even as his face stays so perfectly blank that it almost seems like he isn’t fully there. The others watch them tensely, the weight of Tony’s words falling upon them just like he has thrown them at Thor, the raw, unfiltered strength of his plea, the meaning of this belief that has roots so deep into his being Tony no longer has any chance of cutting them out
its so real and so tangible that it somehow turns itself into sensation, into solid, and it lays heavily right atop of his stomach, dragging it down low almost to his feet.
“Yeah, I’m sure.” Tony scoffs. “But food is probably a big deal for him, isn’t it? Growing up poor, in the forties. He tried a taco when we were out and it seems like he likes them, so I thought maybe we could try some other kinds of food, get him settled into the current times.”
She doesn’t leave his embrace. She pushes her head into his shoulder so hard it’s almost painful, refusing to cease the contact, and they fall back into the mattress with no grace or comfort whatsoever, crashing down like a shipwreck that has no choice but to give in to the force of the ocean around it and to be consumed by its pull. And they just… lay there.
, and he wants to stop thinking like that because he knows that’s what got him in a fight in the first place, but he can’t
to explain out loud all the overwhelming chances he has gone through ever since their escape. Sometimes, he doesn’t even recognize himself. He’s not sure if he likes who he has been or who he has become.
Is it ambitious? Yeah. But you wouldn't have gotten this far into this fic if you weren't as well. Neither would I.
But, my opinions aside, Steve sure has some opinions of his own. And it's his opinion, his motives, and his emotional responses that are at stake here. My point is that we're talking about why he does what he does, and I'm not above pushing him against the wall to make him talk. If you agree or disagree with what will be said - well, that has to do only with your own opinion of what the Accords are, considering how much and in which circumstances we saw them in action.
Tony is unhinged and crazed too. He is, deep inside, and right there underneath the skin, simmering and ready to burst, even though he must look perfectly collected, even apathetic, on the outside. He’s not. And in a twisted morbid way, he’s
The bubble bursts, silent, undetected. It’s drowned by the sound of the blood roaring in Tony’s ears.
“Pepper.” Tony says, and her name is an entire sentence, an entire speech far too familiar for it not to be recognizable, even in such a short breath, two syllables carrying the weight of an entire decade of a debate that never reached an end.
“That could work.” Thor agrees. “And the more people we gather, the more help we have to continue our search.”
She doesn’t understand. Natasha doesn’t understand. Steve doesn’t want to tell her, he doesn’t want to bring this out into the light again – but has to, he
“This. Separating.” Bruce gestures vaguely, and he daringly steps close to the table that displays the mockup Gauntlet, leaning over it with his hands, eyes tired and face grim. “I thought the point was to not to lose sight of each other. Who knows what can happen when they’re out there?”
” Pepper screams back, and her voice is modified by the suit, her tone distorted by the speakers and muffles by the sound of repulsors, but it’s
with Bucky nowhere in sight. Sam had tried to ask, but Steve dodged the question and they dropped the topic, even though the lack of Bucky’s presence by his side sometimes – most of the time – feels like there’s a huge part of himself missing, a puzzle piece he left behind knowingly, despite his wishes, and now fears it might not be there when he goes back.
Three hours later he jolts awake, breath stuttering and heart drumming inside his chest, sweat making his hair stick to his nape, hands shaking uncontrollably. For a second, he doesn’t know where he is; All he knows is that the sun is rising but all he feels is cold, not a single ounce of warmth, and he feels so tired he is sick.
“We have Wanda.” Sam informs them, looking at the panel readings over his right. “Spike of energy signature at 30 east. ETA four minutes.”
Most would like to believe HYDRA has been destroyed once and for all after the war, but Edwin Jarvis is no fool. He knows better than to feel relief when Johann Schmidt has gone missing and Arnim Zola might still be alive. The S.S.R had Arnim Zola confined years ago, but the S.S.R was replaced by SHIELD and so many things had changed since then. Zola had worked with SHIELD, apparently by choice, after Johann Fennhoff was stopped from destroying Mr. Stark’s life and both shared a cell for seven months in SHIELD’s headquarters.
“Y is a really tough letter to make an acronym for, just for the record.” Howard says, approaching calmly. “We should have named him Gregory, like I wanted to, so it would be just
He offers his nape like a condemned offers theirs to execution. Just waiting for the blade to come down and cut them off from life.
“Steve?” She pushes herself off the wall with the shoulder she was leaning onto, her arms falling to her sides from where they were crossed over her chest as soon as she sees him. She’s waiting a few meters away, and their distance is the only reason why Steve can see her well enough so he can notice she’s wearing some clothes he’s never seen before. They are a little looser, but they look very different from the usual things Wanda wears. It looks a little more like what she wears to battle. She looks
Thor carefully steps forward and lays his axe on top of the table, to the side of the mockup Gauntlet, with almost reverence in his movements. The axe is gigantic, the sort of weapon Tony imagines even Thor, as big as he is, would have trouble wielding in battle.
It’s… It’s kinda insulting, actually. Clint was right. He wouldn’t do this to Nat. He wouldn’t do this with any of them. And if Wanda isn’t a child, if Wanda isn’t his charge, why would Steve do something like that?
“He’s alone.” Clint assures, when Steve suddenly chokes up and find himself unable to finish his sentence. “No sign of police or CIA. I think we’re clear, but you guys should stay alert on the way, just to be safe. But hurry up. He says we all need to be here.”
Clint is still watching him, waiting for a reaction, when Steve is saved by the bell; or rather, the
If he’s right. He just wants to hear what they have to say. He knows it can backfire, and it probably will, because Bruce’s reaction as soon as Ross’ name is mentioned in any occasion is more than enough evidence to know how he’ll react, and Thor is a god and a prince and Tony knows that someone like him would never accept to be put under the control of a goddamn panel—
In a way. They never reach the hospital, because the night falls upon them too soon, the clouds uncaring of their struggle, drowning the world in black before they are even halfway through the job. Not even a third into the job, even. The plane had been unsalvageable, all possible clues to indicate the identity of its passengers burnt to the ground in dark soot, and Tony had been trying too hard not to think about what exactly he was seeing or he was touching when he reached out and let his fingers graze across the wall of distorted metal, staining the gold and red of his suit with ash, to process it correctly.
“I have nothing against the armor.” Pepper shakes her head, backing away from the embrace, and Tony immediately feels cold without her, even if she’s only far enough to look into his eyes. “It’s what you do when you wear it that worries me.”
“The same as always. Nothing can stop her from kicking my ass when I need it.” Steve admits, a little embarrassed, and Tony can’t help but give a hearty laugh because yeah, that’s the Sarah Rogers he remembers, and suddenly, he’s overcome with nostalgia for the afternoons he spent at the Rogers’ place, feeling far more comfortable than anywhere else in the world.
“Two, down this corridor and two turns to the left.” Nebula remembers, but then presents a counter-argument of her own. “But they lead to the entrance, and there are people there. We would be seen. I’m not sure what we will find on other floors, I had no time to patrol today.”
He needed her to know that he cared. He couldn’t… he wouldn’t make the mistake of letting her think that he didn’t.
No matter how many times it happens. How many times they find themselves in this moment, right here, over and over again; When they realize they’re in a tightrope that neither of them can cross, because they’re both too scared to move to each other’s side, or too stubborn, or too different to see each other’s path. So committed to finding safe ground on their own sides. They hold their hands out but the gap between them is too big, and no matter how hard they reach, even when they brush hands, even when they’re close enough to touch – the instinct to turn around and go back to their safe places is too strong, rooted too deep into both of them to allow them to take the leap.
The reaction is immediate— and at the back of his head, Steve hears a sound similar to a explosion, loud and brash, like a
“Ya know.” Rocket pats his knees, as if he’s dusting off his clothes casually, before standing up on the table so he an Tony can be eye to eye, and to call the look on his face predatory it’s almost too much irony for even Tony to bear. “We keep hearing about this big fight you all had and that’s all fine and good, whatever, it seems like you’ve got your issues, who doesn’t, am I right? But it seems to
Steve never knew T’Challa’s father, and to be honest, he couldn’t say he knew much about Wakanda either; but he held King T’Challa in very high regard, especially after his decision of helping Bucky. He saw what Zemo did. He knew Bucky was innocent. And he didn’t allow his desire for revenge drive him to a reckless decision, and Steve could not be more thankful for it.
Pepper’s hands are warm. They never once leave him as they walk back inside together, stumbling on the steps and standing very close inside the elevator despite its spacious interior, with Nebula always hovering close by. Nebula, in turn, walks in a mixture of awkwardness and wariness that falls upon Pepper with the weight of stones, gaze burning hot at their napes, and although Tony feels it with acute precision, Pepper completely ignores it. Or maybe she doesn’t even realize it; It’s possible, given how exhausted she looks. Tony wants to ask her what happened, wants to try to do whatever he can to make this easier for her, even if he knows that Pepper isn’t the sort to share her troubled feelings easily – but he can’t quite make himself to do it, even if his mouth opens and closes awkwardly for a second, breath hiccupping and carrying no words forward, because he’s frankly too afraid to ask.
He took advantage of the fact Tony hadn’t been living at the Compound anymore and pushed it to the back of his mind and left it there, to never bother with it again. Every single day, every day Steve used the uniform Tony upgraded, the shield, the facility, the equipment – every single thing that Tony had somehow touched and improved to help them continue to do their job, and Steve had still
Tony flinches hard when the gravelly voice comes accompanied of a touch to his elbow, unexpected, even if soft and gentle, and though the movement is not enough to pull his arm away completely from the brush of fingers around his arm, it pulls away from the pressure, in a gesture that screams of rejection and fear, even if unconscious, and unintentional.
Tony would never do that. He would never lure someone close just to dismantle them, to pick them apart, to keep them for his amusement. Tony would never.
Sometimes, after battle, they struggle. Like matches, when provoked with sparks of violence they burn, and they fall back into the old ways. It doesn’t last long, though – actually, every time it happens, it lasts less and less.
Ross shuffles awkwardly where he stands, risking a quick glance to the hostages on the corner. “We can’t just leave them here, that’s a fact.”
The way she looks at him, the way her brow shifts just barely, just a hint of confusion and sympathetic concern crossing her features, Tony knows that whatever has just happened to him, it has also happened to her. Something in her perception of him has just changed, and it most likely changed forever. Seeing this – seeing Tony on the ground, panicking and helpless, seeing him weep for a strange kid in the middle of a destroyed New York – has made Nebula see more of him that he had ever planned her to see.
Tony knows what she’s worried about. He’s not stupid. And even if it was – he wouldn’t have to guess, because they’ve talked about this explicitly before. Many times.
“I thought it would be faster.” And it was, but he won’t make an accusation like this at Natasha. “Vision said there isn’t much in Tony’s records, but FRIDAY does have some info she could share.”
Pepper looks down, her lashes looking way longer from the angle he’s seeing them, and she makes another nonsensical pattern on his chest before saying, in a soft, sad voice, “I never liked gambling.”
“Hm.” T’Challa hums, and now his tone is not as disinterested. Steve still can’t place it, but there is a definite note of emotion and curiosity to his words when he says: “And you don’t trust Tony Stark to get them out of there.”
, Tony can’t think too much about that, he doesn’t want to think about the ugly, terrible possibilities of entertaining the thought of Rhodey for too long –, but by now, after Iron Man, he knows more than enough to make some very spot-on educated guesses. His knowledge of alien aircraft, however, is very limited, coming from observation of the Chitauri pods back in New York and the Flying Donut merely a few hours ago – and space travel has
“We were in Wakanda when it happened.” Rogers explains. “We saw it. The people, and then, later, the trees—”
, who he can try to bargain and reason with; it’s merely the message they left behind, like a fingerprint, like the evidence of a murder he was too late to stop, always a fool, always
” Tony says, and it hurts him as much as it hurts Thor, he can see it, he can feel it in his own heart. The words hit them both like a punch, Tony swaying in place just as Thor’s jaw locks down tight and hard, hand squeezing around the handle of his axe, and that reactions echo so deep into Tony’s body that he unconsciously softens his voice, looks down, and feels bad for it. Feels bad for saying it out loud when they all are so clearly trying not to say it, to ignore it, to force themselves through it.
, he doesn’t want to go out there. For all the unknowns Tony has ever faced, this is always the one thing that truly, honestly frightens Tony to his
“It is said that the Tesseract was once of my father’s treasures.” Thor interjects softly, swaying a little in his place, as if he’s not sure what position he should take. “If it was no longer in the vault, it’s because he took it out of there on purpose. He probably hid it on Earth himself.”
“And Wanda tried to get us all killed with the help of a murder-bot.” Clint reminds him, not unkindly, but not lightly either. “She’s not helpless, Cap. The way her powers are growing is the proof of that. So
“Mrs. Stark, I’m sorry, but I don’t understand.” Jarvis interrupts her, calmly, but his eyes are far more expressive than his face or his tone. He looks nervous. “Did you just write ‘Tony’? As in Anthony?”
that he didn’t do anything, Clint has just dug it up from Steve’s graveyard of unspoken words, has just flaunted in his face how useless he has been in making amends for all the problems they have caused when they tried to help.
Steve takes in a deep breath and tries to reign in all the conflicting emotions that run through him at that very second, all the words that are stuck inside his throat and he can’t let out. Somewhere deep inside of him, he wants to argue. He wants to assure Clint of their good intentions, comfort him by saying they did what they had to do, and he should be strong and move forward. But he cannot. Those words, this speech, is the same speech he gives over and over and over again and by now, even to his own ears, it sounds irredeemably fake. After all, isn’t that what landed them in this situation in the first place? Isn’t the moving forward without looking back the very reason why no one wants them to return?
” Pepper screams back, ragged and distraught, her voice cracking over the speakers after a gasp so deep it sounded like it hurt. Tony can hear her close to the mouthpiece, her hitched breaths, her
ok? In that moment, Tony was a liar. He lied about Ultron, about his intentions with the scepter, and he had put them all in danger. And Clint, the last person Steve had expected to hide such a big secret, always the first one to jump at the opportunity to fight as a team… hiding such an important part of his life from them. Steve trues to tell himself he understands, he truly does, but that doesn’t stop the irrational feeling of betrayal that consumes his heart.
– twisting them into his perfect little puppets, so he could lay back and watch as they destroyed worlds while he collected the Stones as if they were nothing more than trinkets. It’s
Tony had wondered what had happened on Titan, when he was there. When he first saw the vast, endless destruction and debris, the solitude of its’ sands, stones and metal, the skeletons of what once could’ve been a living planet – even as his eyes scanned the terrain looking for advantage points and possible traps, his mind mostly focused on the threat of Thanos about to arrive; That little corner of his mind, the one that’s paranoid, curious, and never shuts up, that tiny piece of him had wondered:
“Thank you, Your Highness, I’d appreciate it.” Steve automatically says, the offer getting him off guard— and then, when he realizes what he’s doing, he forces himself to take a step back. “But that’s not why I’m calling.”
Steve’s fingers itch with the need to fiddle with something, to stop his hands from reaching for his hair to tug at it.
“I am telling you this as a daughter of Thanos.” Nebula cautions, going as far as taking half a step closer to make sure Tony cannot escape her stare. “You cannot beat him alone.”
, and Tony’s jaw clicks shut so tight he thinks he cracks a tooth or two with the force of the movement.
Because it’s true. If he doesn’t find a way to stop this, that’s where they’re headed. Complete annihilation.
“To be able to use all six Infinity Stones at once, Thanos has proven himself more powerful than every one of you combined.” Wong says, with no mercy at all, and it stings a little, despite everything. “To bring people back is harder than to dust them away. A single life is composed of many parts, some of them incomprehensible to the rational mind, and if those parts scatter, to bring them back together takes more effort than it takes to destroy them.”
It’s dangerous here, and it’s dangerous outside too, and it’s horrible, and everything is gone, but – just, just
.” Pepper keeps talking, completely unaware that Tony’s brain tuned her completely off for a moment. “Car crashes, accidents. Someone said a
He can’t muster the strength to be concerned about something so unthreatening as Nebula. The only thing filling his thoughts is Pepper’s warmth – and beneath it, the looming memory of a fist, of six bright stones, and an enemy far too powerful for him to beat.
Tony doesn’t know when this habit formed between them, when they all just reached a point where it’s nearly instinctual to push a discussion to this threatening point, but the truth is that it always does. Rogers, Tony can understand, because he is –
“So if you think he was your son…” Rocket shrugs, pretending he doesn’t sniff loudly and that his eyes aren’t shiny with tears. “He was your son. And that’s all there is to it. If you’re planning to get that Gauntlet back just to bring him home – that sounds like something a father should do to me.”
“You won’t die.” Nebula says after a huff, and it sounds like an order. “I’m not flying this ship alone.”
“Agent Carter has just gotten a message from another SHIELD agent in DC. They said there’s a riot happening and the crowd seems to be occupied fully by civilians, but they are wearing masks and seem to be organized in some sort of formation. It is not, according to the source, a pacific movement. The agent fears it might become violent.”
If nothing else, Wong looks the same. He’s serious, he’s poised, and his face gives nothing away, neither good or bad, and somehow, that is more distressing than Rogers’ grim face and locked jaw. The portal closes behind them and Tony doesn’t even find himself comfortable enough to look back and check if they are all here and everything is alright, focused on Wong’s fixed stare and impenetrable mask.
“Much like the Sorcerers use dark energy without the help of the Stones, we must find a way to fight back against the Stones in Thanos’ Gauntlet with matching power. Stormbreaker hit him once, but if the Stones destroyed the Gauntlet, it is possible they could break Stormbreaker. It is not a certain strategy.”
“We’re gonna find out how.” Tony tells them, for their benefit and his own, a promise spoken into the universe itself.
it was, to the Germans. What he has done. They were on the run already, he knows, they had no luxury of picking and choosing the circumstances of their escape – and Germany had been the closest country with the aircraft they needed to get to Siberia on time.
“I won’t lie to you.” Tony says, quickly, but sincerely. “I won’t. Alright. Then you – Just grant me the same courtesy, okay, big guy. I’ll… I’ll be fine. I’ll cherish the little things.”
Barton to fall in step with Natasha. Natasha to defer to Rogers. Rogers to lead them into the jaws of death.
. Feel, as his husband removes own his garments and brings Antonio’s hands to his chest, firm and sculpted like the most expensive marble, so tempting under the ethereal candlelight. It is customary, Antonio has heard, that the wedding night should be witnessed by at least five other people in the Clan, but they are
As for other updates, good news, friends! If you didn't know yet, the gift fic I've mentioned in the past two chapters, with the prompt
But when Tony didn’t come back, and Happy was gone, and the world held still and stopped breathing, terrified and hopeless — That’s always the moment when Pepper raises her chin up high and squares her shoulders and takes hell by its reigns and beats it into order. It’s what she does. Pepper is the neat, strong hand that guides people to the quickest way to safety, because her mind has the sharpness for business but her heart has the compassion many in her position lack, and it shows, because if the world is tilting out of its axis, Pepper is never afraid to be the one to step closer and hold it together for as long as she can.
“Your comms are Wakandan tech, right?” Tony asks, the proverbial lightbulb suddenly lighting up in his head. “T’Challa gave you those?”
For the first time in two years, the burn in his eyes becomes a little too much to bear, and a tear escapes and runs down his face before he even has the strength to wipe it off.
Wanda looks a little baffled, but replies, “We wanted to go to Switzerland.” She says, a little uncertain. “Maybe Poland, I don’t know. We haven’t decided yet.”
“Sanctum.” Tony corrects. “Maybe. He looked like the kind of guy who would have a fancy library with spell books or…
“If he can wish half the Universe was dead with a single snap, why can’t he wish them to go away just like that?” Barton asks.
Natasha lets out a shaky breath, and Steve pretends he doesn’t see the way her eyes become shiny with unshed tears. But she holds them back, and she nods. And when she speaks, her voice is grateful.
“And we need Natasha to find the Wakandan Queen, or else we won’t even make past the front door. If we’re gonna use Vibranium, we’re gonna need a lot – if we can fix the Benatar, Nebula and Rocket can help Thor transport it to the forge of Nida-whatever and we have our Gauntlet.” Tony arguments, and Bruce’s mouth shuts down with a quick movement, and he stops walking towards Tony mid-step.
Which is just as irrelevant and ridiculous as his observation about Natasha’s hair is. It’s not a big deal. It’s not. Apparently, they all had a makeover while Tony wasn’t looking, Thor included. It is literally not something relevant at all.
“They are requesting permission to access the hangar and the tools to fix the ship, Boss. It seems like something might be stuck on the interior that is preventing the motors from functioning correctly.”
, he moans, into his husband’s mouth, as his own clothes are pushed away, and skin presses against skin, and suddenly, that is not enough.
, to explain he meant no harm, that this isn’t him ignoring their fears or their voice; This is him being forced to face the consequences of his choice of saving Bucky. And he would beg them to try and understand why he did it. Why he couldn’t let someone he loves to be treated like a monster, when he was just a victim. He thinks the world would understand.
It's just that he understands that sometimes, the mission takes precedence. Sometimes, above everything else. It’s how it always has been.
“FRI, report. Who is…”, and he chokes, he chokes anyway, the words too big to pass through his throat comfortably, too heavy and poisonous, sharp and shattered and scratching him from the inside out. “Who made it?”, he asks and fears the answer.
Steve gives a little chuckle, amused by their antics, and gives them a fake stern look. “No flirting at the breakfast table.”
Because Steve stays sitting inside the Quinjet as the others start to leave, as they – as they arrive
The man raises his eyebrows, disbelieving. “You don’t? Really? I’m sure Howard Stark isn’t the only person you’ve met in the line of work who’s capable of keeping a few secrets. I’m pretty sure you made some friends with some of
“No.” Steve breathes out, forcing himself to drop his shoulders form his incredibly tense position, uselessly hoping that will help to ease the knots of discomfort that have formed on his back. “He decided to stay.”
Well, for a while at least. I mean, Civil War still happened. The boys are going to have to talk about it eventually.
isn’t it? “Because we both know most prisons can’t hold any of us, and SHIELD’s special holding cells are gone.”
And it's nice, being able to talk about Thor. But can you see another subject lurking at the edges of this chapter, an issue who is slowly sneaking its way into the story, before anyone, even Tony, notices it's there?
It’s easier, then, to focus on Nebula. Selfishly, he thinks the awkwardness between her and the others helps. He’s not grateful for it, but when he sees her sitting a little further away from the others, with the raccoon,
“I can help, but I’m not enough.” Bruce says, a little exasperated. “I am one person, and the number of people outside that need help is certainly far more than what I’m capable of treating by myself. We need specialized crew.”
“No.” Steve exhales, a little nervous, before he realizes that is absolutely ridiculous and he came here with a purpose, so he might as well say it. “I brought you more coffee.”
A blur of red and blue passes through the screen, swinging fast and wild, and Tony’s eyes go to the floor immediately.
To take something painful and twist it into so many directions he can’t recognize it anymore. Until he can use it as fuel, and not as a chain.
They boarded back into the Quinjet in deadly silence, dragging their feet and struggling not to peer over their shoulders, even though they left fearing something bad might happen once they averted their eyes. Not looking back is as much a defiance as it is self-preservation at this point, to block out your own ears and pretend that what you’re doing can be ignored, just for a little while, just enough for you to take a breather and think, even when you know that the situation is
, he shudders at the mere idea of what these people might possibly want, what has brought them here, how furious and beyond reasoning they are, chucking things into the air in futile attempts to hit them, simply to appease the desire to unleash their rage, even though it’s obvious they cannot reach the Jet with a simple throw. They have burning flags held high, signs, hands raised in plea, a hazy cacophony with no rhyme or reason, and it scares him, not to know what they want, not knowing what to
“We didn’t want to make you guys feel cornered.” Rogers says, sounding surprisingly contrite. “I’m sorry.”
He wonders if T’Challa thought he would never be willing to mend his team back together, for his silence and his anger.
“That’s really nice of you.” Tony comments, and he completely means it. “Nicer than sneaking out, I guess.”
, won’t you. Ask her. Isn’t that why he’s here? Isn’t that why there won’t be a wedding after all, because he refuses to step away?
But twenty-eight people don’t fit in a Quinjet. There’s already eleven of them, and they all squeezed into the cabin and the cargo hold like sardines in a can. And they can’t separate these people. They just got attacked by a mob – they’re not beyond retaliation to protect themselves, not now there are fewer targets.
Also, a lot of you have expressed very interesting opinions on the comments section. First of all, keep them coming, but second of all, if you are interested in talking about it in depth or talking about any other moment of the franchise that is not included in the CW timeline, feel free to stop by my
This is FRIDAY’s attempt of giving him comfort when he refuses to be helped. It’s sweet, in a way, if Tony was feeling charitable enough to admit it.
, he promised he would be there when Tony needed him and that they would win together, but like everything else, his promises had fallen apart and he
But they will stand there, in silence, if that’s all they can do. Even if it’s not much, it’s something they can do, so they do it. Nebula won’t even dare to reciprocate the touch to her arm, because of the way Rocket’s shoulders shake as he tries to hold back his sobs, but she stays close. She watches him, as if her vigil could bring him comfort, and she maybe even hopes that it
I've been trying my best to find a way from all the Point A's to the Point B's the MCU created and never properly navigated through, and I'm trying to do it with logic characterization - so you can probably tell why Pepper is a character that demands some of my attention. There sure is a lot of controversy surrounding Pepper and her relationship with Tony. Some people will defend Pepper with all their might, and some people will shun her out with no mercy, and to be perfectly honest, both sides have some very compelling arguments for their reasoning; But that little gray area between those two is where I thrive, and that's where we'll find the balance between Tony's view of Pepper, Pepper's view of herself, and the true effect of her presence and actions, and how that affects our views, as spectators, of her.
We talked about rescuing civilians and trust me – any other day, I would do it –, but what happened out there to me was proof enough that no matter how many people we try to save when that alarm blares, it will
It has nothing to do with his eidetic memory, nor it has to do with his military training, where he was forced to learn who to absorb as much information as possible in as little time as possible, for practical and useful purposes.
“Seventy-two, last I heard.” Natasha signals to him with her chin. “Go. Steve will want to see you.”
a civilian.” Scott makes a worried sound, something that almost sounds like a whimper. “I was worried they were going to charge me for terrorism, you know? It’s not good. Technically they couldn’t do it, ‘cause I wasn’t a government employee like you guys, so it would be really hard to justify my presence in Germany as a political attack, but who trusts law these days? I sure don’t.”
“The Accords.” Steve whispers, the words strangled and harsh between his teeth, the viscous sensation of poison dribbling down his throat making him choke, his hands itching in an uncomfortable way,
“Well, Mr. Burns is dead. Saw it with my own eyes.” Tony recalls, tilting his head to the side. “Who else was there? Big guy that came with him when he got to New York? Had big club, hammer, whatever?”
How fucking awful it must be for her, to learn something about Steve that is so evil and so selfish, to finally realize how broken they are, beyond all this mess created by the Accords?
“My calculations are not precise, Boss.” FRIDAY quickly reminds him, sensing his distress, from both inside and out, running in Tony’s veins through the biomarkers and pumping wildly into his core, and his
“They use the beams of the star to melt the metal.” Thor provides, with a slightly confused expression in his face, as if he can’t understand why they’re so insistent on arguing about this.
“I’m sorry. It’s not – You’re right.” Barton heaves, surprising the hell out of Tony, whose eyebrows shoot up his forehead so quickly it’s almost like they have a life of their own. “I swear I don’t want to fight, I
“Made us look like children fighting with sticks.” He admits with bitterness. “He was strong. He didn’t even have all the Stones yet, but he still was strong. We couldn’t
“Stay close together, all on comms.” Rogers orders, and it’s nearly Pavlovian to obey, to defer to his forwardness, to his single-minded leadership. “We need to figure out what happened here.”
Next chapter should follow with the next bit for Bruce's part, maybe even a little bit of someone else's as well - but mostly, we're gonna have some more plot! And more nerdiness, so get ready! I'm very excited to add some more science to this magic mumbo-jumbo the MCU presented. It's really fun, to work out explanations for the things that never have been explained by canon. That's why you can't leave things hanging, kids - someone like me might be watching akjsdhkjasfh
, the panels in front of her light up with all kinds of info, star maps, and coordinates, and all Tony can think is
The visual is enough to stir up memories of chaos old and new, of screams and terror and flashes of war Tony has been familiar with since Howard’s old film reels from WWII. Along the way, spots of flashing lights denunciate the trail of destruction the crowd has left behind, setting abandoned cars aflame, heaps of distorted metal burning in furious blaze as a warning sign to anyone who dares to come close. Even inside the cabin of the Jet, Tony swears he can feel the smell of charred rubber, the gleam of broken glass shards on the floor of the avenues, and all he can remember is the
Truth is: he can’t stop. Not until they’re back, not until they’re safe. Nothing else matters. And Tony might be the wrong person, not fitting for the role, not
, when it’s just the two of them. But this is Steve’s battleground, this is something he understands, and he will not let the shame stop him from achieving his goal.
Tony blinks confusedly, his eyelids working frantically and unhelpfully, doing nothing to help him clear his head.
“No.” Wanda replies, her voice raising a pitch at the end. “Viz would never do anything to hurt me. We just talked.”
they’ll go to somewhere else where they can keep low and help Bucky adjust to the future properly. They wouldn’t
“The Quinjet is gonna go out of commission soon, it’ll be too dark to fly anywhere.” Rhodey points out dejectedly.
“As a teammate, no.” Natasha clarifies. “You actually complement each other. God knows I’d never say it to Tony, but I trusted you two, together.”
The shock must be visible on his face, because the man’s expression closes off very tightly.  “Do you understand why I’m worried now?”
FRIDAY pulls up another footage, from what looks like the inside of a train station, and two very alien things show up at the screen, one big, stupid-looking guy, that looks kind of like an evil elf or whatever the hell he is; and a woman, with blue designs on her face, horns, and the most hollow eyes Tony has ever seen.
“Guess you could say that.” Tony teases. “I didn’t know art school could do that to you. I would almost guess you joined the army.”
be inclined to exaggerate and invade the systems in case he panicked for whatever reason—, but Tony also refused to be deterred by a teenager’s refusal to answer to his calls and emails out of pure laziness and spite, they had to settle on something. In the end, an
There were times, like when they took a break right after the Ultron attack, that the journals and papers got the whiff of their troubled relationship and were very quick to assume things about their personal life. It’s just the kind of shitty thing the press does, Tony bitterly thinks. They have always done this, to him and to her, and to them, as a couple. Like it’s not bad enough to have your own insecurities – to have other people telling you, telling the
Steve tries to push the white noise on his ears away, he tries to get back the full control of his limbs and of his mind, even though everything inside him is
He is strong, that is true. Strong and tall, and powerful, and uses a defensive item to attack, a contradiction that only serves to confuse and fascinate Antonio to no end. Full of contradictions, his husband. The patience and caution, too, when the Captain undresses, his cape and coverings falling from his absurdly large shoulders to join the furs beneath them with no care, no concern if they will end up soiled in any way in their
In the video, Ross is saying something that Tony doesn’t care about, but he guesses it has to do with the fact that he had just disappeared into the atmosphere inside an alien spaceship and Rhodey had been down here alone, Vision still off the radar and no other heroes in their official roster to compensate Tony’s absence. He knew that would be a problem, eventually, but he had been putting off finding a solution for that,
, they are sharing the couch again and Steve can’t pay attention to the movie if Tony keeps moving like that. “Stop it.”
It’s… It’s more hopeful than Tony expected them to be. They have something, at least. They have a plan. They have a purpose. Find survivors, organize them, reestablish order. It’s not as simple as it sounds, not one bit, but it’s something.
Though she never was and never will be helpless or dependent on him, the very terrible comparison to a restless soldier and his poor, grieving wife is not something he can miss. Tony is the bastard that keeps chasing war like it’s his only purpose in life, guided by his feelings of inadequacy and the rumbling need to right the wrongs he has long ago committed and will never be fully able to atone for, so eager to strap himself to the pole and beg for punishment when all Pepper wanted was for him to forgive himself. He wanted him to believe he had more to live for than the obligation to make others believe he’s good, because he
“There’s no threat!” The voice assures him, hasty and firm, almost aggressive, refusing to be ignored. “We’re safe! Stop that! We’re safe!”
“It traveled all the way here with you.” Nebula points out. “It made the trajectory. We get trace it back using the mapping.”
He can’t move, exactly. He tries to, he tries to talk or to do something, anything, like taking a step back or raising a hand or even blinking, but it’s like his brain isn’t sending down the right commands to his limbs because every single motion Tony makes, no matter how small, feels like it’s in slow motion. Like moving through molasses. He and Natasha stare at each other, both of them looking like deer in the headlights, and Tony can’t do
“You want them to stop jumping the line?” Tony asks. “Make it an electric fence, and they will stop jumping over.”
The vision in Tony’s mind, the memories he has stored from years and years of absorbing death into his bloodstream like drugs or alcohol, from trading war like one would trade cards, is very, very clear. It’s the same image he still sees when he thinks of Afghanistan, of
“No, before that.” Clint says, as if Steve had just grown two heads. “In the HYDRA base where they lived. When Tony got the scepter. She said he was the first one she got to.”
Worst thing is that he truly, genuinely did. Tony can only imagine what this whole thing looks like from Rhodey’s perspective – He only became an active part of the team after their confrontation with Killian, once President Ellis deemed his active participation in the Avengers was something the Air Force should allow more often, but he’d been around long enough to witness them as a group. Before it all went sour, even. He’d seen them be friends.
until he’s done. He can’t waste time. He can’t waste anything. Even when villains have stripped him down to the barest of his bones in the past, whether by trapping him in a cave or tearing the heart out of his chest, or ripping his friends and family from his arms, or attacking him, or
–, but he ends up opening his mouth and speaking, even when he’s struggling a little to breathe with the wound on his belly.
than how he feels at the moment. It makes him panicky, it makes him itchy, and he doesn’t like it. It took him so long to get used to the idea that he’d have to add cameras to the back of his armor because there would be no one there to watch his six; through it all, Rhodey never let him down, never once, and their fighting style has become second nature for them.
“Tony, what the hell is going on, I thought you were—” Rhodey demands, but even his disbelieving question can’t get past the absolute despair that floods Tony’s every thought as he continues to yell:
Rogers stops in front of him at a sort of respectable distance, close enough to cause Tony an extreme discomfort and self-consciousness, but not close enough to disguise the blatant, unspoken gap between them, and just stands there.
He remembers despair and resignation, chest pains and short breaths, sleepless nights and recklessness. The burning of alcohol and loss. Of rotations, fire capacity, chemistry, and coconut and metal.
It tastes like ash inside his mouth because he uses his hand to cover it, to try to hold back the sob that rises up his throat unbidden, raw and pure agony, needing to keep his lips shut or else he will break
As FRIDAY gathers herself to say the news, Tony hangs his head, his neck tired and achy from too long without proper rest, and the stretch of his tendons on his nape make his entire spine light up in tight pain as his head lulls forward. Still, he endures it, and doesn’t raise his head. It’s too heavy.
Steve has thought, over and over again, that Vision might not be able to fully grasp human emotions yet, and he probably believes that his motivation to break the Accords and meet with them has only to do with Scott’s status in the US; but Steve
where Tony’s mouth has been, and something about it – the banter, the blush on his face, the weird intimacy they’ve cultivated for each other – has Tony feeling a lot more daring than he has been in all the past times they’ve slept together.
her stare, heavy and scrutinizing, taking in details of the shift in his stance and movement so quickly he feels like a small animal, being observed by a predator.
, and it’s all thanks to Tony and his ridiculous, out-of-proportions generosity, and nothing feels more fitting than sitting here and drawing him in his element.
“It’s not your fault, Nebula.” Tony says, because he has to – maybe it doesn’t help, but he has to say it, because – he can’t
“Oh, fuck!” Clint yells on comms, sounding far too panicked to be completely terrifying. “Oh, no that’s – Oh,
Tony’s face must make some sort of funny expression, because something shifts in the air. Like he can read Tony’s thoughts, Steve seems to let go of the tension he’s holding in his shoulders when he suddenly chuckles, dragging his hand on his nape like a shy teenager about to ask his date to prom.
“The Reactor.” Tony explains, in a winded exhale. “The one in the factory, and the one I miniaturized. It was all based on the notes he took on the Tesseract.”
“Would you look at that.” He comments, sounding lost in thought. “Gotta admit I wasn’t expecting it.”
“I don’t know.” The Guardian admits, a bit mournfully. “Somewhere else. Not here. That’s all that matters.”
She almost went back to the hospital, she tells him. She was so worried. Worried for the seniors and the children. For her colleagues. For everyone.
“Where is he?” is the very first thing he says when he strides into the cheap apartment, after a sweep over the perimeter of the building that seemed to last forever, finding Clint sitting by the tiny sofa across the room with his eyes lost to a distant point in the horizon.
“Iron Man, what do you see?” Roger’s voice comes up by his comm line, just as Pepper and Rhodey are gearing up and joining him up the sky, looking around carefully. Truth is, they can only see a blur of the plane from where they are, it’s a little too far away and too deep into the smoke, which means all he can see is the silhouette, the
Steve stares at her for a moment, his heart his beating wildly in his chest, his feelings still all over the place, but through the haze, his worry for her drives itself forward and makes him put his hand on her shoulder, gently, as tender and caring as he can.
“We’re still alive.” The being says, injecting strength into their voice. “I would like to keep it that way.”
“His ships would wander abandoned sections of the cosmos when we had to hide. The Kree and the Xandarians were always in search for us, so inhabited asteroid rings and empty planets were safer.”
Rocket and Nebula share a look, half disgruntled, half reluctant, and Tony sighs raggedly, pinching his nose as if he could somehow abate the stinging soreness in his eyes, before standing up straight and striding as confidently as he can into the workshop, steps loose and lazy, despite the fact that he pulls his worn hoodie closer to his body, the chill so intense not even the insulation of the building and the soft protection of his duvet could have kept it away.
, at least not in the paragraphs selected; but had they been there, Tony doubts FRIDAY wouldn’t have brought them up. She’s smarter than that. So, probably no mention of them.
“I understand.” He says, completely emotionless, keeping the bitterness and the sharp tang of frustration hidden under so many layers of masks that he can almost believe he doesn’t actually hates this. But he does. “Thank you for taking care of him, princess.”
He thinks he should be more understanding about Scott’s concerns, but he can’t quite make it there. He thinks he should be more sensitive to Bucky’s insecurities, but he’s always saying the wrong thing. He thinks he should talk more openly to Sam, who is the person who supports him the most, unconditionally, but he can’t let go of years and years of self-isolation and make that trust leap, even though he knows Sam only has the best of intentions.
As the last person crosses the threshold of the portal – Natasha, of course, taking a glance back to look at Barton until the very last moment, the gleam in her eyes indescribable – it closes behind her with a swift movement, and they are all left staring to the panel on the far back wall, still being displayed there since this morning—
– that as Steve places his head on Tony’s chest, tracing the edges of the Reactor with gentle fingertips, that he can hear Tony’s heart fluttering in his ribs. “We got this, Steve.”
As bad as they might’ve been to their families once, no matter how they wronged them – they all are willing to do anything for another chance.
like it, for fuck’s sake! His hands glow with static crackling, electric blue coating his fingertips like a burst of magic, his eyes shining with an unnatural color and intensity that makes a shiver run down Tony’s spine.
“I know we don’t have time.” Rogers says, a little softer, after Natasha has released his arm slowly, still watching him like a hawk. “But we can’t have you getting hurt while we’re trying to save other people.”
And the worst of it all is how jagged he sounds, how broken, how fearful of what is to come when he tells Thor:
“It’s a weird sentiment, right?” Natasha asks. “For someone who wants to get rid of everyone in the world that isn’t
We'll go back to some plot next time! As we step a little further into this journey, we'll need some clever minds to aid Tony in his plan to find and defeat Thanos - a genius is always great, but hell, two, three, maybe four, is even better than one, don't you think? ;) So we will start discussing them, in the next chapter! I hope you're excited for it! The MCU has given us so much information they never used, I can't wait to put it all into action for you guys. It's going to be very fun!
“You said the Stones have a mind. A collective mind of their own. I’m saying I think you are right.” Thor pointedly says, short pauses between words like he’s speaking through empty lungs, filled only with solid confidence and frantic confidence, full of feeling and empty of air. “And I think you are right that the Stones might be taking things from their hosts, the same way their hosts harness power from them – because the Maximoff girl showed me things she couldn’t have known, never, so I assume the Mind Stone was the one showing me my vision.”
would allow themselves to be weighed down by their burdens, even if it is to learn from them. Steve is not one for reflection. It breeds too much pain, too much sorrow, too much
Steve has never been to Tony’s workshop before. He approaches it with cautioned steps, like he’s intruding, when he finally reaches the bottom of the stairs and witnesses something he’d never seen before.
he remembers, as the Captain’s lips descend upon his’ once more, and he opens his mouth, inviting him in without a second thought.
what I just said.” Pepper insists. “I’m not sitting here while you go out there and risk your life. I can help. So, I’m going too.”
Tony nods, and says loudy, directing the instructions to FRIDAY, “Send an alert to Natasha and tell her to speed up her search of T’Challa’s sister. We might have a breakthrough with the Gauntlet here, we need a reply as soon as possible.”
They are as silent as a cemetery, the sound of the turbines roaring in their ears, a constant stream of noise to accompany the loud pulsing of the blood in their veins, the feeling of palms sweaty and dirty with ash, beneath fingernails, sticking to the skin like a branding of sin. Tony had been using a helmet the entire time, but he feels like his lungs are scratching terribly every time he inhales. His mouth is dry. He has never felt so uncomfortable in his own skin, itching beneath the surface, a mixture of hot and cold of the most unpleasant kind and—
, Steve can see his eyes, and the moment feels like an accomplishment, even as Tony shrilly says, with his eyes wide and gleaming in surprise:
He looks – Steve almost drinks in the sight of him, all the small differences, like it’s the oxygen he has been so desperately missing in the past few days. The grayish tint to his hair, the worry lines on his face, the sag on his stance – there is defeat to him, just like Steve knows there is to himself, to all of them; And it kills him a little to remember that Tony was out there for hours, with Spiderman and the other guy Bruce had told them about, the guardian of the Time Stone – and now Tony is back here
He’d thought he would be fine. He truly thought he’d be able to get a real life. To live peacefully. To be
They might even work – the IntelliCrops do work faster and better than most of many agricultural alternatives, genetically modified to stand extremely strenuous conditions, maybe even a mass genocide, Tony isn't sure. Maybe, with the right team of geneticists, Tony could modify to withstand the future conditions. Hell, the right team of geneticist would probably not even need him. God, it would be so much better if he knew where Cho is, if she’s even… if she’s even still around. Tony could sit down and read and learn about it, and do it himself, but he has no
“You know that if it’s changing the metal from one element to another, it’s Gamma Rays, right? Ionizing radiation.”
. And it makes him feel more like… Maybe she does understand, on some level. Maybe it’s not a matter of her rejecting Iron Man. It’s the thing that kept Tony looking for that middle-ground between them for years, relentlessly, because a world where he could keep both Iron Man and Pepper Potts it’s a world Tony can’t simply pass by without trying to reach.
flustered when he realizes what he’s done, something Steve did not expect at all, and he’s not even bleeding or anything, his nose is just red and a little swollen.
, but he as always tried so, so hard to ignore it, as a necessity to push himself forward, to make the weight of the casualties of his life feel a little less overwhelming, make it seem like moving on to the next mission wasn’t so impossible.
He – He hadn’t thought about that. The Compound is self-sustained. The tech Tony implemented on the project was even better than the Tower’s, created to last for over five years. But outside—
He doesn’t know how. He doesn’t know how, because he wasn’t there. He imagines Pepper inside the gala, alone, beautiful in that blue dress, like a work of art made living under the soft lights, and he thinks of her, waiting worriedly for him when he never came back, taking off back to the workshop after Obie –
“I thought we shouldn’t be separated.” Thor raises an eyebrow, shuffling uncomfortably where he stands.
to read a description of what actually happens that causes Tony to have the attack, so you can understand his reasons.
On top of the center table, there is a broken broom, a white, dusty cloud of old foam, and a fire extinguisher.
“Stark.” A voice calls unexpectedly, from behind him – and even though it’s soft, Tony jerks ungracefully as a wet, rough noise of surprise escapes his raw throat, the sickly sensation of his nose clogged completely more than enough to make the exhale that escapes him sound incredibly out of breath.
“Do they need help?” Thor inquires, gazing quickly at them all as if to assess if he should be moving when they are.
them.” Tony points out emphatically. “I don’t know if Vision knowing how to destroy the Stone was just an educated guess or something the Stone told him, but the point is that if we can’t get close, we can’t get them, and Thanos has more than enough power to be able to fight us from afar.”
“Okay. Alright. Okay. I’ll… I’ll see you soon.”, and just as she does, someone speaks, on her side of the call, and Pepper lets out a sound close to the speaker that is too distressed for Tony not to immediately become alert.
“Talk to him. Just for a little bit. I don’t want to keep this from you, you are Tony’s family as much as Howard is, and it’s not fair to you to pretend you are not hurting as much as we are.”
Steve smiles, and he’s surprised to find that he kind of means it a little. “I know. And I wouldn’t have blamed you.”
of his feelings, of his care, when Tony couldn’t get a single drop of that affection from his father. Jarvis had never yelled or confronted Howard, not in a way that would cause a great disturbance in the house; But Jarvis’ rebellion had been there, just silent, in his sneaking Tony out of the house to play in the gardens when it was forbidden, in his meaningful advice when no one else would hear the stupid concerns of a ten-year-old genius, his small and secretive smile, that had managed to keep him safe when the house felt empty.
“There is no need for that. I appreciate the hopeful words, but… From the way these last few years have developed – the outcome of my past battles, I find hard to have any hope that this tragedy might have not struck her as well.” He laughs, full of self-deprecation and sorrow. “Like I’ve said, I haven’t spoken to her in years. And yes, I’d like to know if she’s out there, if she’s well, but I understand that, with the time restraint we have hanging over our heads, my search for her out there in the ashes would bring me nothing but more despair.”
“It was fluid. Couldn’t be held, couldn’t be destroyed. Like nothing I’ve ever seen before.” Thor explains, with a faraway tone. “The only way to contain it was to use a proper structure that could hold it. Free, it would only bring chaos.”
, pushing and pulling and letting people fall to the floor and trampling over them without a care, the fear too encompassing and overwhelming for them to realize that they’re harming each other.
The wound is still fresh, the edges where he feels like something inside him as been ripped off still aching and raw, tender to even the slightest touch, but he’ll be kinder to the memory when he can. And it’s not like he isn’t grateful already for having been loved by Pepper, because he is, he always has been. But that will have to be enough.
“You do not attack the entire universe the way he has done it and expect people will not fight back.” Thor agrees, if not too displeased about it.
“I’ll get you something to eat.” Rhodey says, standing tall next to him, his voice giving no option to decline. “And you’re gonna eat it, and then you’re gonna sleep. And if you try to leave this building before us, I’m gonna disable your suit myself and you’ll be sitting here while we go out there and kick ass. You hear me?”
How was it possible that he had survived when so many people, when Bucky and Tony had been ripped from the Earth just like that. Why was he the one who survived every time? Why – Why.
Nothing, ever. His teammates keep hiding things from him and he keeps getting disappointed, they keep disappointing each other, and they fight and they disagree, they hurt each other by assuming they know best, and in the end, they only drift further and further apart. It never
“Too long.” Steve smiles, and steps back so he can make room for Tony to step forward, and only then Tony realizes that the other people present, meaning the people he just rudely and loudly interrupted in favor of his flawless act of totally not being affected by the sight of Steve, are Wilson and Sharon.
He keeps himself busy by taking walks with Bucky in the garden, going over plans with Sam, watching Shuri work in her lab. Mostly, he goes through the motions absentmindedly, his mind always a little too far away from the present, his heart beating tender and sore, still bruised from the fight. He wishes it could heal like his body does, like his fingers did, so he could think about it calmly— and not… not having his judgment skewed by his sorrow.
“Can’t believe that worked.” A voice mutters in his ears, and it takes him a moment to realize that’s
He must have gotten down and headed to the bar to ask for him. The waiter must have given her the he drinks.
“Sorry. I just—” Tony says, trembling, after a long, shattered exhale. “I don’t think I can do this.”
The elevator reaches the entrance floor with a smooth movement, a noise so sleek when the doors open to allow them passage that it’s almost inaudible. They don’t need to go far. They find Thor standing on the entrance lobby, halfway to Natasha, who is standing by the lounge’s entrance with a look in her face that seems a little too scared, a little too distressed, and Tony nearly asks her why out loud, before he realizes that in his hand, the one that’s not holding the axe, Thor, in his armor, just standing there in the middle of the lobby, has an enormous
“We also need to worry about the people out there, Tony. Isn’t that what we agreed on?” Bruce reminds him, softly.
, when during the ceremony, they held hands so the Clan’s priestess could wrap a rope around them, effectively tying them together in the eyes of their Gods.
“You want to search for the Kree and ask for their metal?” Thor squints, as if it’s an idiotic idea. And maybe it is. Tony has no freaking idea. “What’s next, should we find some more Dark Elves to help us steal the Reality Stone from Thanos?”
“Is that your way of tellin’ us you want us to leave?” Rocket asks, easing back into his position on the table.
Steve doesn’t throw himself out of windows for fun. He doesn’t rush into a fight because he likes it. He doesn’t risk getting shot or being killed for kicks.
without running madly, it would be ideal – more than ideal, because these are the first people Tony has seen on the streets ever since he came back from Titan, and there’s quite a lot of them; Not as many as it should, but still a lot, and to have all these people
Tony has been unconscious, and he doesn’t know for how long; He can’t see a single soul besides Nebula, and he has no idea what he’ll find once he steps a foot outside this hospital – or even this
He can see the White House coming closer tall and not nearly as opulent as it should seem as it’s completely dark, a vision of horror movies Tony never thought he would see come true, as people crowd at the gates and shake the bars so hard he can see them wobble, climbing on each other’s shoulders to get past the barrier, to reach the building. He doesn’t know if the White House is empty. It might not be. No lights are one, not that he can see, but that doesn’t mean anything. These people don’t care. The ones that charge forward, almost fuming at the mouth and with blinding rage in their eyes, they set fire to trees in the square and break car windows and buildings with pipes and bricks, not minding if they hurt each other, unruly and unraveled and beyond whatever reason Tony can comprehend.
“And what does he talk about? What can he possibly have to say given that he’s a computer program? The latest news about the marketing stock? The weather?”
Like pinned butterflies, so still that they look like plastic. Like a world that moved on, that has forgotten them, that is no longer buzzing with the need of having closure for their conflict, because their conflict is no longer relevant to them.
Natasha and Rogers jump to stop him, grabbing him by the arms and pushing him on the chest, screaming and ordering him to calm down, as hands reach and grab Tony to pull him back, and he struggles on instinct, because he needs his hands free to fight back, they can’t keep him trapped. But they won’t let him. In a split second, everyone is rushing, and as Agents Carter and Ross jump to put themselves between Barton and Tony, so do Rhodey and Nebula, who step forward to half-shield Tony from Barton’s view, while Bruce insistently pulls him towards the door, his grip relentless and firm, far too strong to be comforting.
“But how could I have known, before the Vibranium had been stolen?” Thor perseveres, undeterred by Barton’s disbelief. “Before Ultron could even start creating his new form?”
” Tony interrupts, raising his hands in a halting position to physically force the argument to a stop. “Hold on. Okay? Okay.
he feels emerging from deep inside his chest, squeezing like a fist around his heart. When he speaks, he sounds
I'm sorry for the delay on this chapter, folks, but I hope you like it <3 Also, please, make sure to check out the end notes, I have something important to mention :)
. Not a single one, at least; They didn’t come here all together. This isn’t a gang, or an army, or any other kind of delimited group, these are
