After gathering himself from the awkward and rather adorable encounter with the intern, Dr. Stark returned to the chief's office. Several others were sat at the conference table, eyes glazed over on their cellphones. Clearly, his time with Steve had taken too long.
Sharon squeezed Alex's hand. "There's a heart for your baby. The cell towers must be going haywire with the storm. I'm sure Steve is protecting that tiny heart with his life."
“You are impatient,” Tony says breathlessly, barely paying attention to his work now. “I…Steve, I really,
Steve leaned down and kissed Tony's cheek. "I like expensive red wine if you're still trying to get in my pants this weekend."
"Taking initiative!" Tony clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder, sending electricity through the blonde's body.
Sharon checked her pager and her cellphone and frowned. No texts or pages from Steve. He had gone down to the lobby to greet the harvest team, but they should have been back once baby Andy was prepped for surgery. Alex wrung her hands nervously.
Tony sat on the couch next to his best friend, scooting up close enough that their hips were touching. The neurosurgeon leaned on Rhodey's shoulder, wiggling slightly to wake him.
"You and Stark, Rogers?!" Bucky had clapped his hand on Steve's shoulder as he sat down at the lunch table. "Shit, dude. Getting it on with the attendings."
Tony laughed as he checked her chart. He put a stethoscope to her chest, winking at the young girl who didn't bother to hide her attraction to the neurosurgeon. She giggled and blushed, talking a mile a minute as he examined her.
The Peterson baby was considerably smaller than the rest. There were premature babies that were born even younger than him; since he was born at 32 weeks, he had a better chance at survival. He, unlike the others, had to be in a special incubator to help him breathe better. The sight pulled on Steve's heart a little. He wasn't even ready to be out just yet, and here he was, looking minuscule in the incubator.
? Did you want me, or was I just a good fuck, something to fool around with while you recovered from being fucked over? I-I want to know. I want to know why I'm enduring all this hell, every goddamn day, and you look at me like I still owe you something. Like I'm supposed to say sorry or something. Like I shouldn't be upset or hurt."
Now, he wasn’t so sure if that were true. He wasn’t pining, but the feeling in his chest was definitely not purely platonic. They were silent for a moment, one leaning on the other. Truthfully, Steve was scared that Sharon was capable of mind reading abilities because she suddenly sat up and looked him right in the eyes.
There’s a bit of silence now, Steve’s only rubbing Tony’s back gently, but something’s odd. Steve’s biting his lip a little bit, hiding his face and turning away. The soldier’s face is turning pink now, and-and is he laughing?
The rest of the twenty four hours seemed to pass in a blur. The interns ran to the blood bank, charted and did scut for Wilson, checked the vitals on the hospice patients, checked on non-emergent patients in the clinic; everything their residents didn't want to take care of, they did.
The soldier and the redhead shook hands as Nick Fury entered the cafeteria. A hush followed his entrance; everyone knew it was time to shut up when the chief of surgery entered a room.
He racked his brain, trying to think of something. Sharon was absolutely right—there was no reason for Steve to care. Especially not that night, that night where Tony had basically ordered them away from their break to get back to work.
"The kind of before where we were friends," Tony said quickly, as if reading his mind, "The one where we can catch up and have coffee and I don't go psycho on your girlfriend."
There were a few nurses in the kitchen, pouring themselves the fruity concoction into red cups. They immediately hushed when Steve entered the room. There was a bit of whispering among them before one of them, one of nurses who directed him to radiology months ago, went up to him.
Across the nurses' station, Steve noticed Tony speaking with another patient and their family. The familiar charming voice, the way that he laughed at just the right moment—Dr. Stark was a smooth operator when it came to speaking with the families. The neurosurgeon was just waving goodbye to the family as he locked eyes with the intern. His smile quickly faded when he saw the intern standing with someone he had never seen before.
Steve took a step back, glancing at Tony. The neurosurgeon was smiling, eyes crinkled in happiness as he saw the look of astonishment in the intern's eyes. Tony turned off the headlamp that was around his head, allowing the resident and nursing staff to close up the patient.
The daydreaming quickly ended as a young woman approached the table. The interns hushed as the woman smiled and greeted them all. Her eyes were only on one intern in particular, and somehow, the sight made Tony’s blood boil. Steve immediately stood up to say hello, blushing and stumbling over his words. The woman pursed her lips, as if trying not to laugh at the adorably awkward intern in front of her. She held up a paper bag, offering what seemed to be a late dinner for all the interns. The group immediately welcomed Steve’s friend to the table, and together they enjoyed a fast food dinner. The blond’s friends tried to hide their grins, failing miserably. Steve paid them no mind, since his eyes were trained on the girl.
The winds and rain outside were loud enough to be heard within the walls of the hospital. Some of the patients and their families were cautious, as if the building was ready to be blown away at any second.
"As you may have heard, we select an a very lucky intern for a solo surgery," he explained, "We've got an appendectomy"—Natasha jabbed Bucky's ribs in victory—"and James Barnes will be the intern on the case."
The young woman glanced at the mess on the aisle. "We should probably help the poor kid who's gonna be cleaning this up pretty soon."
He rushed over to her, pushing the code button as nurses followed him. Andy's heart had stopped, and Steve grew nauseous. Her heart was failing, but he had never done CPR on a preemie.
Steve nodded, handing his cup to Tony before bidding them goodbye. The intern ran off quickly, for which Pepper was admittedly happy about; at least she didn't have to witness any potential googly eyes between her husband and his ex.
The mother nodded and sat with her daughter, hand laying in the incubator. Pepper led Steve out of the NICU and handed him the charts and information for Alex and her baby.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t even know why I tried being nice to you. At first I felt bad for you—“
Steve yawned and checked his watch. “I’m gonna run down to the cafeteria and grab some coffee. Anyone want anything?”
Sharon sighed, still looking pale. "I know, I just...I really put a tube in a ten year old's chest."
"Dr. Rogers, she's loaded on all the medications, you need to call a code," A nurse reminded him, "We've paged Stark, but you need to run a code."
The surgery went smoothly. Soon after Pepper delivered the premature fetus, it was Tony's turn to operate on the patient. He was glad he didn't have Pepper in the room anymore; there were quite a few stares upon the realization that she was indeed his wife.
Natasha and Bucky burst into fits of laughter, with Sharon trying to shush them but failing miserably.
"Right!" Steve grinned. "I-I said it would be fun to have a party, we all deserve it, right? A-and Bucky is planning everything, I guess. You guys are invited, obviously."
He was never nervous. He wasn't nervous when he met the doctor he first shadowed when he was a teenager. He wasn't nervous when it came to examining cadavers and having to cut them open. He wasn't nervous when it came to putting a needle in someone's arm for the first time—everything usually came naturally to him when it came to medicine. However, the only thing he can think about is actually putting the stethoscope to someone's chest and worrying about if he could tell the difference between a heart murmur or if he just couldn't hear the patient's heart.
The blurry figures of the interns became clearer as they made their way toward his group. Rhodey quickly glanced as his friend, noticing the drunken smile Tony wore. The trauma surgeon grabbed Tony’s arm as a silent warning and shot him a glare—
Steve exhaled. "I deserved better than that. You getting cheated on isn't a reason to hide a marriage from me. Complicated exes, I understand. Tony, it was a whole fucking
"Wilson is in surgery," Sharon replied, "we need to do a chest tube on him. He's bleeding into his chest."
A hot stranger. An extremely hot stranger, who was so far out of his league and someone he'd never see again. Last night was still foggy, but he'd be lying if he told himself he wasn't curious to see what another night with the man would entail.
"Somebody page Dr. Wilson!" Steve shouted as he entered the room. His hands were still shaking, but he felt a little more confident this time. Still, seeing her body shake violently made his stomach twist.
"Stevie, honey, have you met Dr. Stark?" Sarah could barely hold back her smile. "I have a mother-to-be with some head trauma after a car accident, Dr. Stark just took the best care of her after craniotomy last night."
"I know we've been—intimate—but I really do want to be in this with you, Steve." Tony took a step forward, and suddenly Steve couldn't think straight. The subtle scent of Tony's cologne sent his mind reeling. "I like you. I-I want to be with you."
"That being said, please cancel all elective surgeries for the day," Dr. Rhodes added, "there are already reports of car accidents and injuries due to the weather. We need all ORs ready for today."
He took a step back, admiring his work. Fury nodded in approval, saying something which Bucky couldn't hear. He couldn't focus, and all he could think about is the fact that he pulled an appendix out from someone's body. He did it. He could have screwed everything up, but he didn't.
much. Tony takes a deep breath. His face falls to see blue eyes blinking rapidly and shining with tears.  “Oh, Steve, don’t cry, I—”
After Jackson and Jo's surgeries, the interns were charting in the tunnels. Bucky and Natasha were unnerved by the silence; usually it was never this quiet, even when they were drowning in scut work. Natasha nudged Bucky, urging him to break the silence.
Natasha immediately swooped in with a smile on her face. "Good morning, Dr. Stark. I'm gonna have to steal Steve away from you, we got called to the pit!"
There was a note attached to his locker. It was only one sentence, written in handwriting that was far too familiar. He'd seen it stuck in his lab coat pockets, stuck into the lunches he packed for work. It was the same handwriting that could make his heart swell just weeks ago.
"We're just taking it slow," Steve replied, "going steady, or whatever he keeps telling me. But it's not like he's my boyfriend."
The intern returned to the locker room, exhausted and ready to get of the hospital. He spent too long trapped in this damn place. He needed air.
“Just give me another minute, I don’t want to wait until tomorrow,” Tony insists, still facing the prototype design that stands before him. He shudders in surprise when he feels Steve’s lips pressed against the back of his neck, gently feathering them across his skin.
Tony smirks and raises a brow. “Just to keep the blankets warm? Anything else you wanted me to keep warm?”
He stopped scrolling around on his phone, knowing that continuing to do so would just create an existential crisis, which was something he definitely did not need at the moment. The whole building seemed to be just as quiet as his own apartment seemed to be; was this single adult life? Scrolling and being numbed by the TV?
"I'm just hurt," Steve admitted, "You had months to tell me you had a wife. I still barely know anything about you."
He was not this person. Not the person to pine and wonder about someone he'd just met. Steve wasn't much for one night stands; he always had long term partners. At least, up until medical school. His partners just didn't seem to understand him—medicine was going to come first. He needed to be on the top of his game.
Steve’s breath catches in his throat when he hears Tony’s voice crackling a little. He feigns a smile anyway, hoping to cheer Tony up. “Me too. But not in that bed. We’d barely fit together in those tiny dorm beds.”
"We can always go out." Steve's hands were fidgeting so bad, as if he'd never had a boy in his apartment before. Tony pretended not to notice, although the intern's nervousness was so obvious.
Tony could barely look at Steve or Peter at this point; he knew he'd immediately cave once he saw their pleading eyes. Instead, he glanced at the kitten, sickly and tiny and filthy. The orange fur was ridden with fleas, covered in dirt and God knows what else is in the alleyways of New York. There were some cuts around the belly, like he might have gotten into a fight with some other strays in the street. The kitten mewed once again, pleading with the engineer to give in and let him stay.
Tony and Rhodey went down to the locker room, exhausted from a long day. The two best friends had just left the ER after consults and running trauma together for the first time. It had been ages since they'd worked together on patients, and the feeling was the same every time. Even after a few years apart, they were a well-oiled machine. Saving lives with your best friend never lost its spark.
Steve felt like a babysitter, only instead of children, he was sending drunken doctors and nurses back home. The future of medicine, sent home half asleep and guaranteed for a hangover. Before sending Jake into his cab, Steve threw the ice pack at him.
Steve emerged from the shadows of the kitchen, nearly startling the daylights of his husband and the distraught teenager. He held two mugs of steaming hot cocoa and handed them off.
"Dr. Blondie. Saving me every time," She said softly. She peered behind him, noticing the other interns who looked both terrified but amazed. "Hey. You brought a whole gang with you."
Tony turned to the intern, ready to answer and tell him the truth. It was what he deserved after all, after everything that happened between them. There was no use in lying; Steve deserved more than all the hurt he received.
"You always say...boyfriend-y things to me. You've got to stop." Steve fought to keep his voice steady, but it was cracking the way it always did when he was on the verge of tears. "It's...God, Tony, it's
Steve smiles. “You just looked so peaceful when I watched you play, so I just…I had to sketch it out.”
Now that he was panicking and running out of time, it was almost on cue as Tony gently knocked on the door. Steve cursed under his breath and tried to get whatever trash that was laying around out of sight. He took some of his clothes that were laying on the couch from earlier this morning and threw them into his room before running to answer the door.
Steve recounted all the details to his friends, from every high point and low point. He thought that talking about her would make it easier, but it only seemed to hurt more now that he had just seen her in the store. Steve was suddenly struck with the realization of how much he had missed her, and how hard it had been to get over her.
He knew that the divorce was coming. Since the overnight shift and his encounter with Tony, he knew that the divorce was happening. Truthfully, Steve was surprised at how anyone else in the hospital found out. Ever since he had spoken with the neurosurgeon, he decided to keep quiet. The other interns were oblivious until they heard the rumor from another intern under Pepper’s service. Everyone knew that the end was coming, even Steve. Still, there was something so startling to see Pepper’s name on the OR board, seeing her name without the Stark at the end.
"You paged me, Dr. Rogers?" Tony's smile was heavenly, but Steve tried to ignore it and stay focused.
Even though the darkness only lasted several seconds, an eternity seemed to pass before the lights in the elevator came back on. In the brief blackout, Tony had scooted just an inch closer to the intern, smirking to himself.
Steve could barely focus. He was supposed to be listening to Dr. Wilson so he wouldn't be a lost moron when he finally needed to bring someone for a CT scan, but he could only think of Tony. He should've asked for a name. Even a last name. Or a number. How was he living in the 21st century without asking someone for their damn phone number?
"What can I say? My boyfriend lied about being single. He has a wife," he replied, "I don't know what to say. There's nothing to talk about."
More awkward silence hung in the air. There were about a million things that Tony desperately wanted to say, wanted to scream, wanted to bellow at the top of his lungs—
"Dr. Wilson hasn't slept in two days, so this is our present," Sharon explained, "and your distraction for the day."
Nat reached for his arm tentatively, and Bucky relaxed a little bit. "Hey. I know it's hard, but it won't be a total loss if that little girl's heart goes to someone else. C'mon, let's go tell Danvers and Rhodes about the situation."
Steve nodded wordlessly, feeling nauseous as he held the crash cart paddles in his hand. Eventually, words came out of his mouth, telling someone to charge the paddles, but it didn't sound like him. Somehow, his hands moved over the girl's chest, watching her chest rise with the shock. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion, like he was just a puppet watching everything happen around him. Finally, a steady heart rate brought Steve back to Earth.
is complicated!" Steve's outburst caused one of the babies to stir and cry. The intern huffed as he picked up the child. "I just...I said I was in this. When I said that, I meant it, but now...I don't know."
Tony sat up and sighed. The melancholy expression on Pepper's face only furthered the guilt he felt in his heart.
"Shut up." She leaned back on him, too. "Don't be a jerk and maybe I'll stay friends with you. Clearly, you need it, since you don't know how to talk to your own boyfriend."
Steve felt like running out the door. He didn't want to hear this, not right now, not with Tony looking perfect and being sentimental and sweet. No matter what he felt, his feet were glued to the floor.
"No. Howard didn't like pets. My mom always fed one of the stray cats that came by our apartment every once in a while."
Steve snapped back to reality as Dr. Potts-Stark removed the NICU gown. She bid the intern goodnight, not wanting to spend another minute with him. It wasn't fair of her to be angry at him—Steve had no idea she existed—but she was still hurt nonetheless.
Peter eventually left the tower to get to band practice, bidding Tony and Steve goodbye. The blond eventually made his way to the kitchen, with Cheeseburger on his heels, eagerly waiting to play some more. Tony followed suit, wrapping his arms around his husband's waist. The kitten mewed jealously, pawing at Tony's ankles to get some attention from the super soldier.
Tony smirked. "Okay, that's fair. You have a free pass to ask about anything you want. As long as we're trapped here, you can get to know more about me."
"I'm not proud of it!" Tony yelled. "Do you think I wanted to be a secretive asshole to the one person who made me feel like myself for a change? Do you think I came to the decision lightly, Steve? Believe me, lying to you was the worse mistake I have ever, ever made. You can be pissed if you want, but you aren't the only one with feelings, here."
Army Tags, Purple Stethoscope and Redhead were in his group. Thank God for some familiar faces. Dr. Wilson nodded curtly before giving them their pagers.
Pepper nodded wordlessly, checking the child's new heartbeat before turning to him. She removed her gloves, and where Steve expected there to be a shining ring—there was nothing.
“Right.” She studied his face, looking for the familiar rouge that used to creep up on Steve’s face when they would talk about the neurosurgeon. There wasn’t a trace of the blush, but she was certain to get to the bottom of what Steve was hiding.
Steve returned with his laptop and stolen goods from the nurses' station. It took some eyelash batting and some sweet talking, but they had plenty of ice chips, jello cups and pudding. It was lame, but the kid was smiling and enjoying herself. He sat and charted for Wilson while he kept her company.
Nobody dared to raise their hand. That question seemed more rhetorical than anything else. Dr. Wilson did not seem to be in the mood for actual questions or concerns. Instead, the interns wordlessly followed him for a quick tour of the hospital.
forget about you. Not even if I tried. I swear to you, you have me wrapped around your finger, I just, fuck…you don’t even know.”
, that was like a knife in his chest. He shouldn't believe Tony, the man was still married to a pretty woman with a shiny ring on her finger. But the way Tony looked at him, like he was responsible for putting the stars in the night sky, God, it made his heart ache.
Several weeks had passed since the last time he had spoken to Steve.  Sure, they had to interact with each other at work, but their interactions were mostly the same awkward pleasantries and updates about mutual patients. There was a twinge in Tony’s chest every time he realized he couldn’t remember the last time they had a normal conversation.
No matter how much Steve insisted, he was now carrying an extra bag of food, loaded with eggrolls and
Steve stepped forward, taking the present into his hands. “You know, I feel bad. I don’t have a gift for you.”
The intern raced up to the gallery of OR 3, where baby Andy was being operated on. The child looked even tinier from saw a view in the gallery. The transplant team was just getting ready to place the heart inside the baby's chest. He couldn't stop staring at Pepper, who was focused on opening the baby's chest cavity. It was odd, knowing something so intimate about her.
"Was it hot? Was it rough?" Natasha rolled her eyes when Steve's eyes widened. "Listen, I haven't gotten lucky in weeks. Let me live vicariously through you. Now tell me; was she hot?"
"I got you some coffee from the place down the street." Pepper handed one to him. "Black coffee with just one sugar."
The little boy's eyes opened, growing wide upon the realization that he was in the hospital. He sat up quickly, spitting up blood and trying to get up from the table. Steve lunged forward, stopping the boy in his tracks. The monitors started going off, only scaring the boy even more.
Tony groaned. "You said that you wanted to be friends! Why are you so damn bitter all the time? I am going out on a limb to try and make this easier for you—"
The teenager clicked her tongue and examined her nails. "You're lost. I'm going to die in this hospital because a cute but stupid doctor couldn't get me to get my scans. I'm supposed to be at a competition right now."
Steve wondered how anybody got any work done with Tony's lashes and a smile sweet enough to rot your teeth. How could any intern or resident listen to him? How in the hell was he supposed to focus with Tony on the case with him?
The grin on her face quickly relaxed as the sedative entered her system. The way her eyes fluttered to a close almost made Steve nervous, since he'd seen this happen before she seized. It was different this time; she was going to live her life. And he was the one that solved it.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Ma, I'm sorry. I'm here now, right? Your favorite son, who could have gone home right after his shift, came up to say hi."
The interns grew silent; adults waited years on the transplant list. Andy didn't have years to wait for a new heart. Pepper instructed the interns to inject more medicine, and start the ventilator again, and connect the baby to an ECMO machine. The sight of the child connected to so many machines brought Alex to tears.
Once Eva finally stepped out of the store to take her call, the intern couldn't shake the girl out of her mind.
It would be nice to have roommates. Steve was so lonely in the apartment these days that he was sleeping in the on-call rooms just to avoid going home by himself.
Without another word, Steve scooped Tony into his arms and carried him back to bed. The action almost caught Tony by surprise at first, but soon he relaxed into the blonde's arms. Soon he was tucked into bed, and he drifted off to sleep. The nap helped a little with the aching. His head still felt like it was filled with cement after his nap, but nonetheless, a little improvement was better than none.
The neurosurgeon insisted that it was pointless going to the party, but Rhodey ignored all of his best friend’s whining.
Steve barely remembered the car ride—a majority of the ride was spent making sure that he didn't vomit all over his very attractive stranger. It would be a shame if the night ended before they made it to the apartment.
Peter gently placed the kitten into Steve's arms and grasped Tony in a hug. "I'll be here every day to make sure he's alright, I can even get a job somewhere to pay for some of his food and kitty litter! Thank you so much, Mr. Stark!"
"Really," Tony replied, "better act quickly, 'cause it seems your friends have a thirty second head start."
The brunet smiled mischievously before pulling in Steve for another deep kiss and letting his hands wander his body. He relished the moan that left Steve's lips. Steve was just so goddamn
When Steve tried to pry the bottle out of his hands, the intern shoved him a little. "Back the hell up, Rogers. Don't fuckin' touch me."
“Don’t you have anything you’d wear to a party and not like you’re going to head in for a staff meeting?”
Steve's brow furrowed. "We might be called in tomorrow, you know. A day off is never a real day off for interns. You guys know that."
Tony finally faced the four of them. "I need you guys to help me research this case. We need to find out why she's seizing and fast. Page me when you guys have an answer. Whoever figures it out can scrub in." Tony's eyes locked on Steve's for a moment, trying to hold his gaze before the blond immediately stared at his shoes.
"The company asked me where you went, Tones!" Rhodey exclaimed. "I can only keep up the 'leave of absence' bullshit for so long. People talk, Tony. And when you work for Nick Fury, everyone knows."
"Just talk to her," Steve insisted, "I'm not Nat. I'm not her best friend. She's not gonna tell me stuff about you."
"I have to check on some patients, dear." Sarah put her arms around her son. "Just...don't give up so quick."
"Keep an eye on the white cell count," Wilson replied with a huff, "page me immediately if anything changes with your patients. Please try not to kill my post-ops, I'd greatly appreciate it."
Steve peeks out of the sheets for a moment, squinting as sunlight peeks from the curtains. “Come back to bed.”
Rhodey bid Tony goodnight, and it was time for the neurosurgeon to prep for surgery. Tony met Steve in the scrub room. The intern no longer had a look of surprise like he did the first few times he saw Tony, but the inevitable pink rose again from his neck all the way to his cheeks.
Before anyone else could refute, Wilson passed the locker room and glared at the interns. The gang was quick to follow their chief resident, silently following him to their first patient to round on. Steve was just thankful he didn’t have to offer any more explanation.
"You don't have to watch out for me." Steve turned away this time, focusing on the chart in hand and wishing his eyes weren't watering. "I'm not your...you don't have to worry about me. It's fine."
"What the hell, Tony? Did you know she was coming? What is going on? What are you going to tell your...intern? Fury is calling a meeting once the trauma settles down. Did you know? Are you okay?"
Steve looked up at him and his heart nearly froze as he realized how close Tony's face was to his. He could see every detail on the man's face: every freckle, how deep brown his eyes were, a scar on his chin, the tiredness under his eyes. He felt like he had trouble breathing—someone should check his pulse.
Instead, Steve just fell into him and kissed him deeply. He shrugged off his backpack and his jacket then returned his hands to Tony's hair, one of his favorite parts about him. Tony hummed in surprise, meeting Steve's lips and trying to breathe as he was pushed into the bed.
Steve chuckled and pressed his lips to Tony's forehead. "That was easier than I thought. Alright, let's get you to bed."
Seeing Steve fuss about whether to give Tony acetaminophen or ibuprofen and which would be better in reducing the fever made his heart swell. Another reason for his complete and utter adoration for his husband.
She leaned forward and kissed his lips this time. In the distance, she could hear Steve’s friends whistling and teasing. Steve pulled away slightly, blushing an adorable shade of pink. Eva couldn’t resist how he sweet he looked when he grew a little shy—she kissed him one more time for good measure. Steve smiled and sighed, slightly relieved that he could get his mind of a certain neurosurgeon for the night.
The mixer was supposed to help. He hung out with some of the interns, mingling and taking a sip of the champagne if things got awkward. Last week, the nerves got the best of him when his mother had sent him a text: "good luck saving lives next week!"
The blond continued scrubbing his finger nails, partially wishing he'd explode into a million little pieces and disappear. He knew Tony was looking at him, looking at him with his fucking model eyes and the model smile and the model hair under the scrub cap, and he was just so damn embarrassed.
And suddenly there were a few more additions to their family, much to Peter's delight. The couple kept Cheeseburger while fostering animals for the local pet shelters in the city. Steve settled for adopting just one other pet for the sake of Tony's sanity. Cheeseburger was delighted by the presence of his new sister, a brown lab appropriately named Cocoa.
"I'll keep that in mind." He ran his fingers through Steve's hair, pulling down to kiss him once more before the intern left the room.
For once, Steve just wanted something to work out. Nothing that began with a horrible one night stand, nothing that involved beautiful wives and heartbreaking endings, none of that "right person wrong time" bullshit—
Steve never really had one-night stands. And he definitely never had drunken one-night stands, but there was a first for everything.
with him, but it was so damn complicated. Out of all the hospitals in the city, Tony had to work at the same one as him.
"Even though I love your babbling, I was wondering if I could treat you to breakfast." Tony chuckled into the phone a little at the silence on the other end. "Before you faint, let me tell you that I'm an amazing cook, I will not be reaching into your pants, and I'll even settle for just a sweet kiss on the cheek once I leave."
“No, no, it’s good, I promise.” Tony sits up straight, trying to combat the fatigue of studying late into the night. “Besides, you look really cute over a computer screen. Definitely do not wanna miss this.”
Tony held his tongue on the car ride to the vet. He wanted to be annoyed, but that effort was pointless by now. He would do anything for the kid, and honestly, seeing Steve baby the kitten made his heart swell. Maybe it'll be fun having a pet. As long as it doesn't piss everywhere or scratch up the hardwood floors, they'd be good to go.
Tony drops his bags, pressing his lips against Steve’s. It’s fervent, it’s bittersweet, it’s Chapstick and coffee, it’s completely fucking
The interns fell silent, and Steve shot them a look. They pretended to be interested in their charting or the computers that they sat at. Steve sighed.
Sharon frowned and left the station without a word. Steve groaned to himself and hung his head in his hands. He barely had time to mope before his pager went off, ending his afternoon of charting to go man the ER.
when Pepper did this. The small talk thing, trying to act as if absolutely nothing had happened. Maybe it was intentional, maybe it wasn't, but it was still annoying.
The intern sat on the floor and sighed. Tony sat beside him, fidgeting with his stethoscope. Steve wanted to lean on him so badly, but he knew he didn't deserve that anymore. Especially not after he yelled at Tony like a fucking psychopath.
Dr. Danvers was stoic again. "I'm really hopeful for him right now. He's at the top of the transplant list. Call UNOS every hour for updates, please."
It felt so domestic, like something out of a movie at the happy ending, something that Steve hadn't felt in a while. Watching Tony at the stove in his apartment, humming to himself while adding tomatoes and spinach to an omelet, kissing him in between ingredients, it made Steve's heart ache. He ached for Tony to be more than a one night stand, he ached for him to be
"Steve." The handshake lingered for a moment before the newly named stranger was heading out the door.
But now, Rhodey's shift was coming to a close, and Tony needed to get ready for surgery. There was a skip in his step, which did not go unnoticed. They'd been friends forever, and Rhodey always knew when Tony was up to something.
Steve moved to lead the drunken intern into the kitchen, but he was met with another shove. "I said don't fucking touch me, fag!"
Tony's mind was reeling as he felt Steve's hands wandering over his body, and he nearly groaned in response Steve finally straddling his hips on the bed. The intern was just moving his lips to Tony's neck when one of the pagers went off. It was coming from Steve's lab coat, and he sighed.
The neurosurgeon panicked now. He didn't want to lie, but he wasn't ready to tell Steve the truth. Rhodey barely knew the whole truth; he wasn't sure if he was ready to accept it either.
The view of the quad is breathtaking, and Steve can’t help but smile as he peers out the window. It looks like something out of a movie, with the bustle of students and the leaves fluttering past them as they get to class.
"Yes, the very proud son of Howard Stark," Tony said bitterly, "I worked for him, but I also worked at a private practice."
Steve was embarrassed to admit that he spent a little too long getting ready for someone he barely knew. In the time it took to shower, shave, and pick normal clothes to wear, he was struck with the realization that he had no food in the fridge.
"No, you're not," Sharon reassured him, "We'll go to the library. Steve has to read up on the craniotomy anyway. You're going to be okay."
She took his hand and squeezed, wondering if he felt the same bittersweetness in her heart. Although their relationship had ended three years ago, she couldn't help but ache for him all over again.
"Why would you tell her that? Why would you give her false hope?" Pepper spat. "Her baby was born fourteen weeks early! You don't assure them anything!"
Fury continued his introduction to the rest of the doctors in the room, listing off the residents and other physicians that worked closely with the surgical unit. Tony seemed to charm nearly every one of the residents he shook hands with; the only ones who remained neutral were the attendings.
The other interns could barely move or walk without complaining, so it was up to babysitter Steve to make sure they didn't look too ridiculous when they answered the trauma today. The women looked like they were playing dress up in Steve's scrubs that were far too big for them; Bucky looked far sicker than the other two. They all felt a little better with coffee and the junk breakfast Steve picked up on the way.
"Thank you so much, Dr. Stark." Steve gathered the charting notes, eager to scrub in for his very first neurosurgery.
"I was with your mom earlier," Bucky added. "I needed some labs rushed, and she helped me out with that."
"I hope you still like seafood," Tony said quietly, "I, uh, heard about a nice place out on the pier."
Pepper opened her mouth to speak but she was cut off by her pager going off. It was 911 for the hospital. Tony's pager began buzzing as well, and they both sighed. They bid farewell to the counselor who seemed almost thankful that the session ended short. They started making their way out to the city street where their cars were parked.
He sat down in the chair next to Katie, trying to catch his breath and stop himself from vomiting whatever alcohol and coffee that was in his stomach. The nurses told him something about Dr. Stark arriving soon, and her vitals were stable for now.
"Easy there, buddy, save your strength for surgery, okay?" Dr. Danvers turned to the rest of the group. "Who's presenting?"
"I'm responsible! Mr. Stark, I'll take good care of him, I promise!" He followed Tony around the room, who happened to be pacing over the fact that there would be a fucking cat living in the apartment. Their clean, pristine, and well-kept apartment.
There wasn't much of a thrill now, standing frozen in the middle of the trauma room with Tony while shaking hands with his
"Laura Peterson, 32 weeks pregnant, in a car accident this morning," the paramedic explained, "fetal distress on the monitors—"
Bucky couldn't believe his eyes. He had made his way through the skin and the tissue underneath, the appendix was finally exposed. Red and inflamed, seeing the organ was terrifying. It was natural, it happened all the time, and he'd performed appendectomies on models before. Still, seeing the actual organ in the flesh took his breath away.
Bucky snickered once Wilson was finally out of earshot. "Holy shit, she scared the hell out of me. It was kinda hot."
"And it's a good morning, Nat," Steve replied as he sipped his coffee, "come on, we're finally getting the hang of everything! It's been almost three months here, aren't you guys excited by everything we're doing?"
He was speechless, so shaken, that he could barely register Pepper kissing him once more on the cheek and leaving the lounge. It was so odd, seeing the ring he had given her years ago, promising her his life. He expected to feel free, happier.
The young doctor broke away from the kiss for a moment and winked. "You won't regret sleeping with the weirdo staring at you from the bar?"
The trauma surgeon nodded curtly before returning to the pit and assisting staff on any incoming patients. Steve's mind was a million places at once, wondering at all why Tony would want to see him.
"Ma." Steve returned the stethoscope around his neck and removed his gloves. "Little guy's a trooper. Still doesn't have a name yet."
He took a deep breath. Might as well tell her before he does something stupid like continue day-dreaming about Stark. Maybe just some of the details. He did have a good time but no one to talk about it.
." The word slipped out so abruptly and seeing the twinge of sadness in the brunet's eyes only made him feel worse. "I-I'm sorry. I'm going to be late for work. First day. I just...can't. Sorry."
Bucky ran out to the hall, holding an ice pack in his hands. "Steve, I'm sorry. I didn't think this would happen—"
Cheeseburger would sit on Steve's side of the bed, meowing pathetically for the super soldier to come home. He'd sometimes go into Steve's quarters in the tower, even though the soldier didn't spend much time there since Tony and Steve got married. But the room still smelled like him, and Cheeseburger was on his own personal mission to find his favorite blond.
Tony turned around and covered the pan of eggs he was cooking. "I like you, Steve. I'm not just trying to screw around or anything."
Once the intern finally gathered himself together and regained control of his breathing, he took the note and threw it straight in the trash. He stared at it for a while and decided it was time to clean out his locker in general.
All eyes were trained on Steve now. The intern raised his hand, then extended it to Pepper, who was holding hers out.
"Rogers, Barnes, Carter, and Romanoff, you're with Dr. Wilson." The doctor clicked her pen. "Everyone better be dressed. Meet your residents, and try to keep up, people."
"Someone overheard them taking arguing about marriage counseling earlier last week," she explained, "that's what I heard from some of the other nurses talking."
They walked off arm in arm while Sharon and Steve were at the station, watching Tommy and his mother in their room. The mother was sound asleep next to the little boy.
Steve was adorable. Well, he was more than adorable—last night proved that—but there was just something about him that intrigued Tony. He barely knew the man, but still, he felt something stirring whenever he knew the intern would be around. He seemed kind, and the way Katie had been babbling about him confirmed that, too.
She waved an arm. "I'm not like that. I thought Sharon was cute, but I thought you were into her. I thought it would be nice if we shared."
Sharon gave a sheepish smile when Steve whipped his head around to glare at her, too. "You can totally trust me, Steve. Not Bucky and his loud mouth."
Word always spread quickly within the halls of the hospital. Once one person heard a snippet of a conversation, the scandal spread like wildfire.  There were only rumors and rumblings of Tony’s divorce among the surgical staff; the gossip was finally confirmed when Dr. Potts-Stark’s name on the OR board finally changed.
The interns were surprised to see Steve was right at home in the NICU. It wasn't easy, working in this unit—the babies were fighting to survive, and not every baby made it out of there. That didn't seem to phase Steve.
"Sharon drove," Natasha called out from the master bedroom. She was the first one up, and she had Sharon's arm looped with her own, dragging her since she wasn't fully up yet.
Geez. He was just a kid playing dress up. He should not be allowed to do this. Steve let his eyes close for just a moment. Just as his own heart rate settled down, there was a gentle knock on the door.
Not that he was worried so much about Tony changing his mind any time soon. The man was so sweet and genuine in his intentions, it made Steve's heart ache. The affection almost took Steve by surprise; he had forgotten what it felt like to have someone be that into him.
"How did I let you talk me into buying all this?" Tony chuckled to himself. "Steve is going to kill me."
because Steve is staying in this little town while Tony goes off to one of the most prestigious schools in the country. Part of him—the horrible, incredibly selfish part of him—wished Tony would stay,
"Will you please just drop it?" Steve quickly shut his chart. "You guys are always up my ass about Stark. We've got a ton of shit to do for Wilson, and he wants us in the pit today. Please, just leave it alone."
"I'm not the superstar, my mom is," Steve explained, "She helped them out when they were starting their store. They didn't have insurance back then, so she checked in on them when they needed it. Because of that, they helped babysit me when she had to take extra shifts. I practically lived here with their two daughters."
“You don’t have to do that,” Sharon explained, “but I guess it’s nice that you still feel the need to be kind to him. I certainly wouldn’t be.”
Just as they were preparing to take the woman upstairs, Dr. Stark and Dr. Rhodes finally entered the trauma room. The interns made way for the doctors, letting them quickly examine the patient. Dr. Stark looked at the scans up on the wall, confirming that she had a brain bleed.
Bucky turned around only to see that the other three had rushed off to the library. Sharon held back a little, laughing when she saw him jogging to catch up.
Rhodey shouted something at him, but the combination of music and alcohol made it difficult to focus. He accepted the cup of water his friend had given him, but what he could really focus on was Steve and his friends. He noticed the blond step outside for some air. Tony took another glass of water and hoped it would help him stand straight long enough to follow the intern outside.
A knot formed in Steve's throat. God, it took only two minutes of conversation about Tony, and it was enough to bring Steve to tears.
"What was I to you?" Steve finally faced him, hoping that Tony could see everything. That he could see all the hurt, confusion, anger, and heartbreak he felt. That he could see and feel an ounce of the pain he'd endured. "Was this—whatever we were—was that
The blond turned around again, surprised to find a box in Tony's hands. Tony fiddled with the bright red ribbon for a moment before continuing. "Here's a little something."
That extra love would have helped right about now, because Steve was on a mission with Nat and Peter was away on a band trip for the next few days.
"You're whiter than you usually are," Natasha teased him, nudging him a little. "Come on. What's wrong?"
Sharon was short compared to Steve, but that didn't mean he wasn't intimidated at the moment. The blonde intern was probably one of the sweetest people in their class; staff, patients, and families absolutely adored her. There were rare instances where she was caught without a welcoming smile on her face— to be on the receiving end of one of her glares was definitely something Steve did not enjoy.
“I don’t even know why you’d bring her here anyway,” Tony continued, slurring on every word, “this is for staff only. Is she staff? No. But somehow she’s here, just like she’s always here bringing you coffee or food—“
Without another word, Tony left to speak to the teenager, who was just as eager as ever to be examined before surgery. Steve stood speechless at the nurses' station, dropping every single file and scan in his hands. The nurse who directed him to radiology earlier that morning giggled.
The trauma surgeon entered the master bedroom, rummaging through its contents. There was an endless sea of navy blue scrubs, a few pants and dress shirts, but they all seemed to be work attire.
Part of him wondered what would have happened if he had just moved to California for medical school. His heart ached too much at the thought.
The blond was ready to knock the idiot's teeth in, but instead, he held his hands up in surrender. "Let me get you a water bottle or something. Smells like you've had a few too many beers."
Bucky sat up and sighed. "They don't tell you about this. The shit that hurts so bad you can't breathe. It's horrible."
Steve sighed upon hearing the familiar voice. When he didn't turn around, Tony put on a gown and stood on the other side of the incubator.
The corners of her lips turned upwards slightly. "No lame shit. It better be good. And get me some jello."
The smile on Steve’s face immediately disappears, much to Tony’s amusement. The super soldier flops back onto the bed, groaning loudly as Tony heads for the kitchen.
“Can I ask why?” Sharon leaned on him. “He didn’t seem so sorry when he got back with Pepper the first time. So, why do you care?”
She took another step, close enough for Tony to smell her perfume. Her hands were on his chest now; she looked up at him, and God, Tony swore his heart was beating out of his chest. Pepper was on her toes now.
“Hey, look at me.” Tony brushes the golden strands out of Steve’s eyes. “This isn’t a goodbye, not really. I’m gonna come back to you, I promise. I’ll just…see you later. Okay?”
Pepper didn't have much time to dwell on what just happened with Tony as her pager started going off. She was being paged to the NICU, 911.
Tony pursed his lips together. He nodded curtly at Steve. "I'll have to speak with you later, Dr. Rogers."
"You knew exactly what it felt like to find out something so horrible, yet you waited to tell me you had a wife? What the hell was that?" Steve sat back and took a breath. "I'm sorry. I'm just processing. I—"
The young woman turned to him and grinned. "There you are! You are hard to get a hold of, let me tell you."
"It's not!" Steve exclaimed. "No, listen, I-I like you, Tony. I just didn't think you'd like me too. I mean have you
He wasn't sure if he was ready for a date with his wife after all these months. In fact, he couldn't even remember the last time they were on a date in New York. Sure, there were galas and functions that they needed to attend as a couple for the hospital, but never real dates.
"I can take care of him," Steve said. He extended the back of his hand to the kitten, who whimpered quietly before offering a introductory lick. "See? He likes me already. I can keep him, Pete."
"Dr. Rogers, it's good to see you again." Tony held his hand out, not even trying to hide his own grin.
"You don't need to comfort me. I know I did a good job." Sharon tore off her trauma gown and left the room before Steve could get a word in.
"I'm going to be fine." Steve sighed. "I just—I really liked him. I kinda thought, that maybe he'd be—I don't know. It's stupid."
"This baby needs to come out." The civilian who was holding the woman's chest had bloody hands. "Some shards of glass cut into her side. I'm a doctor, I was at the scene. Nasty pile up on the freeway."
, it had been too long. Too long since Pepper had really kissed him like this, kissed him like she meant it, kissed him like it was the end of the world. Sure, there would be nights after galas where they'd spend the night like this, but she or Tony were already tipsy from the alcohol they served. It hadn't felt this real, this exciting in such a long time. Lab coats were flying off, scrubs found their way to the floor—
“I hope you’re not kidding, because I need it,” Tony replies, “I just…can’t believe we ran out of coffee. I
Dr. Rhodes cleared his throat. "I just wanted to say thank you for taking care of To—Dr. Stark last night."
"We are going to need more details than that!" Sharon insisted. "That was not just an ex. Details or I'm not baking the cookies like I promised."
“You absolutely should have. Don’t you know me? I love being swept off my feet, you know that. You never surprise me anymore, Rogers.”
Tony tried not to let his emotions get the best of him, but he already felt the fire burning in his chest. He barely looked up from his chart. “Seems like it.”
Tony seemed to move effortlessly. The scrub nurses and the resident next to him seemed to know what he was going to ask for next; whatever he needed, it was already in his hand. Even when Katie's stats started fluctuating, Tony was perfectly calm. All the staff seemed to move fluidly around him, pushing medication when needed and backing off when the coast was clear. Once the clot was finally in sight, Steve was jolted out of his silent awe when Tony called his name.
The morning of his first day as a doctor, a real, full-fledged, shiny-white-lab-coat-wearing doctor, Steve woke with a headache that paled in comparison to any of his previous hangovers. He groaned as he turned over in his bed and away from the brightness of the sunrise that came through the window. He opened his eyes for a moment and fell to the ground in surprise to see a stranger sleeping right beside him.
Bucky felt sick when looked down at the little girl. The laceration on her temple was deep, nearly cutting into the bone. He grabbed the paddles and shouted at Steve to keep clear. All hands were off.
The blonde couldn't think, couldn't breathe. He was shaking slightly, but he couldn't bring his feet to move. Eva seemed to ignore this and smiled anyway.
The young mother calmed a little bit, taking a seat and catching her breath. The intern didn't leave her side as the surgery continued. Soon, they were a couple of the few people in the lobby; Alex was sound asleep against Steve, who had a secure arm around her.
"Surely you could have checked up on your mother at least once while you were doing scut, right Rogers?" Tony took a breath and tried staying calm as the intern glared at him. "If I was lucky enough to be working with my mother, I'd visit her every hour."
Wilson did not look amused in the slightest. "Did you hear anything I said about the patient in 3655?"
The next time Tony opened his eyes, the room was almost painfully bright. His arm was sore, as if a very inexperienced intern had stuck his arm multiple times while trying to place his IV. A headache pounded at his temples, and he was very grateful when he realized he was laying in a hospital bed. He was also particularly grateful for the blond intern that sat at his bedside.
The nurses injected the medications into the IV. No response, and Katie continued seizing in the bed with no signs of stopping. Soon after, her monitor beeped incessantly. Flat line. The real life, earth-shattering sound of a flat-lining patient. Usually the sound didn't scare him, usually he was quick to jump in and pretend he was a superhero. He'd been playing doctor since he was a child. It wasn't a game anymore.
"I had time for that, but not to get any food," Steve replied sheepishly, "I-I just haven't stocked the fridge in...ever."
"I do like you." Steve paused. "I like you a lot, and that's why I was so scared of Wilson finding out."
"I'm saying that maybe you should talk to him. Don't shut him out so quickly." She smiled. "But I'm also willing to make his life a living hell any time he steps into this hospital if you need it. Either way, Stevie, I'm here for you."
"We have to save this mother so she can see her baby afterwards." Tony shook the excess water off his hands.
Tony smirked. Cheeseburger seemed content for the first time since Steve and Peter left for their trips.
He grinned, and he texted back right away, saying that he'd be on his way there. First, he chased down Bucky, throwing him a spare set of keys so he could get into the apartment. The soldier promised that he'd take care of the apartment until Steve got there and reminded him not to be late. Then, he made his way to find Tony.
Steve groaned as he was met with three shocked expressions; he sat back down and recounted that overnight shift. Despite Steve explaining everything—well, almost everything—he was still met with skeptical looks from his best friends. He hoped that nothing in his expression would give away the fact that he still thought about how heartbroken Tony had looked that night. He especially hoped that whatever odd, melancholic aching he felt since that night would go away.
"I can whip you up some breakfast for your troubles," The man continued, hoping to break the ice. "A little thank you, for uh...a nice night."
The worst of the torrential storm subdued, but only heavy rain still fell from the gray skies. The technology in the hospital seemed to be up and running, and there was finally a calm among the staff. Steve, however, felt like a zombie. He made his way into the gallery of the OR where Andy was finally receiving her surgery. Sharon glanced up to the gallery, surprised to find her best friend after his disappearance.
As they entered the hospital, all staff were gathered around the main staircase. The chief of trauma, Dr. Rhodes, and Nick Fury stood above everyone, waiting for everyone to settle down before speaking.
"I don't get why she's so pissed at me these days," Bucky sighed. He searched Steve's face for an answer. Steve felt an urge to say something, and Bucky lit up when the blond's lip twitched slightly. "You know something! You shithead, Rogers, you know something!"
Tony nodded. "You should open it. It's not fancy or extravagant, or anything. I also don't have a gift receipt, so you're stuck with it."
"We're supposed to be giving a heart to a preemie today," Steve said, panicked. "I-I took the elevator to meet the procurement team. The baby needed the heart, like yesterday—"
"Spent a lot of time around babies. My mom works in labor and delivery." Steve took the charts and updated them with the baby's vitals for that morning. He hoped that Pepper would take the hint and just leave, but that wasn't the case.
Tony’s heart melts. “I really like it. You’re incredibly talented, you know. I think my drawing skills are limited to drawing stick figures.”
Of course. Because of all the situations in life to go right, why would it be this one, where he's trapped with his ex?
The cat's ears perked up at the word, and Tony laughed. "I mean the actual cheeseburger. A burger that happens to have cheese on it. Don't give me that look, I swear...alright, fine. If you make a mess in the car, our deal about telling Steve you were a good cat is going out the window. I mean it."
"I am," Steve replied. The smell of Tony's cologne was creeping up on him, and it took every ounce of strength to face forward instead
Battered and bloodied victims came in through the ambulances, and Steve's group of interns were assigned to a pregnant woman who was accompanied by a civilian. The civilian had her hands on the woman's chest, despite the paramedics listing off the details.
Steve panicked now that he saw the deadly expression in Eva's eyes. "What? No! I'm just explaining what happened—"
don't tell anyone, especially not the other guys around here. It's the first day and I don't want anyone else finding out. Especially Wilson. Not only would he tear me a new asshole, he'll find twenty different ways to torture me."
Not that Steve wasn't attentive already. The man noticed the tiniest details, like the difference between Tony's fourth or fifth cup of coffee for the day, but knowing that a sixth cup would be far too much. He'd notice on the phone if Tony was growing anxious from all the meetings and plans he had that day, and he'd go up to his office make sure Tony took a break for tea. He'd know when Tony was getting far too tired in the lab, and when it was time to sweep the engineer off his feet to get back into bed.
The soldier placed the thermometer on Tony's forehead, sighing when the scanner displayed the temperature. "102."
"I'm just telling the truth," Steve replied, "even my mom was all heart eyes this morning at the hospital. Everyone over there is falling at your feet, you know that right?"
Ever since the night they kissed, Steve wanted to be angry. He wanted to hate Tony, he wanted to be disgusted any time he saw him across the hall. He didn't want to pine or miss him anymore. Nothing really went as planned anymore. Not these days, at least.
The women beside them started giggling and whispering. Immediately, Steve's face was hot. He cleared his throat and quickly changed into scrubs. The women couldn't help but notice the hickeys on his back and chest. The man beside him whistled, the women hushed him but couldn't stop their own laughter. Their teasing was interrupted by one of the residents reading names out loud. Several names were called before Steve heard his.
Katie laughed in response as Steve blushed pink. The blond cursed his Irish ancestry for being so easy to read. Still, hearing Katie laughing was a win; he helped her have a normal life.
Sharon shrugged and walked back to the ICU without waiting up for him. Natasha threw her pen at Steve.
"Can I speak to you for a moment?" The grin on Tony's face was so sincere and so inviting, it was no wonder every woman in the hospital was falling at his feet.
They passed a nursing station yet again, and Katie groaned. Taking pity on the lost intern, one of the nurses called to Steve.
a lot. Like you said a while back, this isn't a fling. This isn't just a short-term thing for me." There was a beat of silence as Steve mustered up the courage to keep going. "I'm in this for real, i-if you want me to be."
Sarah would only laugh as her son gorged himself on more popcorn and turned on another episode. No matter what, even if it was easy to guess for others, Steve loved the element of surprise and the thrill of not knowing what was going to happen next.
"Go rest! I can watch her." Steve helped her out from the rocking chair and back to the wheelchair. "I'll update you if anything changes."
Aside from her skill, she charmed everyone she met. No matter the rumors that floated around that first day, she managed to win the hearts of staff and patients alike. It only took a day, but word passed along that Dr. Potts-Stark was one of the nicest surgeons on the unit. It took one day.
Bucky threw his hands up in the air. “Did you not see what just happened at the station? He didn’t even look at me as he roasted my ass, but with you, it’s all recipes and asking about your girlfriend.”
Steve smirks and props himself up to meet Tony’s eyes. The engineer meets his gaze fondly, eyes wide and so endearing that Steve inevitably leans forward, kissing him gently. Tony sighs softly, melting back into the pillows as Steve’s lips are on his.
He had made up his mind the night he kissed him; no matter what he felt for the neurosurgeon, it was over. Until that pretty ring was permanently off Pepper's finger, Steve was done. No more moping about Tony, no more dreaming of his cologne, no more staring from nurses' stations or through the OR galleries.
It’s always wonderful to finally see him, even if it’s on a tiny screen in the middle of the night. Video calls are harder to schedule with Tony’s courseload and Steve being so busy with work and school combined. Texting and calling were always okay, but Tony absolutely
"Are you even cleared to be in the NICU?" Steve retorted. He held the stethoscope to Andy's chest. "You had a cold last week."
"Hey," Steve called out, "Your history said that you fell before seizing. Did you fall any other time than that?"
For such a big hospital, it proved to be quite difficult to find a place to be alone. The nursery, his first safe haven in the hospital, was now occupied by a certain strawberry blonde that he couldn't muster the strength to face that day. The tunnels, while the normal space for the interns, was far too dark and depressing—the last thing he needed was to be sheltered from the sunlight.
"I'm not worried about the craniotomy," Steve replied, "The surgery will be the easy part. Trying to make sure I don't act like a lovesick idiot in front of Stark is going to be the hard part."
Her eyes were open. She was talking. The monitors behind her were going off like crazy, reading that she was dead, but here she was, speaking and breathing and living.
At first, Steve thought he was having a heart attack. His chest—it felt like there was a freight truck sitting right on top of him, pressing down on his rib cage and making it difficult to breathe. He could barely fill his lungs with any air, and his vision grew fuzzy around the edges. He had to force himself to sit down and finally get oxygen to his brain.
," Tony snarled. "My divorce papers came in the mail today, and the life I had for ten years is going to be torn apart in the worst way fucking possible. And the best part—the absolute best part—is that I'm alone. But yeah, I'm
"I'll be fine," Tony insisted, leaning up to kiss Steve's cheek. The blonde retreated for a moment and smirked.
He opened his eyes, meeting the same brown eyes that he woke up to this morning. The same salt-and-pepper hair. The navy blue button down was replaced navy blue scrubs and a white lab coat. Since he was an attending, his lab coat had his name stitched into it: Anthony Stark, MD.
"Uh, there are more at the nursing station if you're really looking for work to do." Wilson narrowed his eyes. "Rogers, are you alright?"
His residency. Years of his life would be spent at the hospital, working tirelessly, spending hours and weeks and days and fucking years at the same hospital. That idea used to excite him; Chicago Medical was one of his favorite places to be when he was growing up. Going to the hospital with his mother always thrilled him, and even though he didn't get to see much outside the labor and delivery unit, he knew that he wanted to learn there. He wanted to learn, and he wanted to be the best.
“How cute for you to bring her here,” Tony replied, “Maybe she can give us all a lesson on cellular respiration.”
Pepper patted Alex on the back. "Dr. Rogers is one of the best interns here at the hospital. He'll be checking in on your daughter for the time being, okay?"
"Daniela Sanchez, nine years old, intern injuries as well as injuries to to the head after a car crash," The paramedic explained. "We've been trying to maintain her pulse but she keeps crashing."
Sharon joined the redhead, looping her arm with Steve's. "Just about every intern in our class is here...and Bucky invited some of the OR nurses, too!"
"You're gonna be safe and sound here, little man," Steve cooed, "we'll feed you fancy fish, maybe we can get the kid to buy you some catnip! The good stuff, you know..."
Bucky blanched as Nick Fury turned to face him. "Congrats, Barnes. Be ready to scrub in later this evening."
He hated the way his chest tightened when he finally looked Tony in the eyes. He hated the fact that he missed Tony as he stood right before him. He hated the fact that he wanted to forgive him. He hated that Tony looked so sad, even though he should have said something beforehand.
"I can get the TV to get that cheerleading channel if you want," Steve suggested, "that way you aren't bored."
As if on cue, Dr. Stark finally arrived to the pediatric unit. "I got caught up in the ER. I'm here now. She seized again?"
They sat back on the couch, and Rhodey wrapped his arm around Tony. "That's what you needed help with? To tell me that you're dating someone?"
The next morning, all the interns were startled by the sound of their pagers going off. Steve heard the others groan upon hearing the incessant beeping. The blond forced himself off the couch and turned on the coffee maker.
Steve's vision blurred; he stared at his charts, scribbling away even though he could barely think. Tony moved closer.
Steve glanced over at Bucky for support, but the soldier shrugged. "Don't look at me. I didn't piss off the nicest intern in the program. This is on you, Rogers."
In hindsight, staying home would have been a better idea. Tony knew that his best friend had the best intentions, but now that he was finally at the party, he wanted to be anywhere else.
Eva was pretty. Tony decided that after yet another cup of the fruity cocktail that the hospital was serving. She was pretty, the kind of pretty that Steve deserved. He probably would have dated a girl like her in college, for a little while at least.
Steve shouldn’t care—he didn’t, by the way. He didn’t care that his ex’s divorce was final. Of course, he cared that night, but only because Tony was lonely and upset.
His voice cracked slightly on the last word, and the slightest hint of desperation lingered in the air. Steve's expression immediately softened, his eyes shifting away from Tony. The neurosurgeon felt his cheeks flush slightly, and his eyes were burning. He grabbed his white coat, ready to storm out of the room until the softness of Steve's voice stopped him in his tracks.
She pouted in response, folding her arms together. Steve smirked and patted her shoulder. "I'm only joking, kid. We'll get you fixed up so you can cheer your heart out."
The intern sighed and pulled the blanket right up under his chin. Maybe this was it—being boring until his residency was over.
"I'm sorry I was an ass last night to you and Eva," Tony continued, "I was bitter about her before and again, I'm sorry. I'm glad you're happy. Seriously."
Sorrow twinged in his chest every time he remembered that overnight shift with Tony. The neurosurgeon had looked so broken, in a way that he had never seen him before. It wasn’t as if Steve hadn’t seen Tony in distress; their own breakup had proven that. But somehow, the expression on Tony’s face was engraved in his mind: despair, heartbreak. The loss of a life he had before.
"Get up and get your coffee." Steve checked his pager. "They said it's 911. There must be a trauma."
James rolled his eyes again and chuckled. "Alright, let's go make sure none of the interns killed anyone just yet."
The interns were on trauma and neuro rotation for the first few months of their internship, and now their latest rotation was cardiothoracic surgery. This excited Natasha the most; she couldn't stop babbling that entire morning.
"I'm sorry. Can you just hear me out?" Steve leaned on her a little. "I'm sorry I was such a jackass today and in the ER. I'm just freaked out already because of Tony, and then I overheard a phone call that made it worse."
," Steve choked out, "it hurts to look at you, to hear your voice, to feel you. I-I can't, Tony. I'm sorry."
For some reason, Steve didn't want to leave trauma or neuro. Seeing Tony's cases and being able to work together always excited him, and trauma was anything but uninteresting. He had grown so used to those two specialties, it was odd to think about doing anything else.
"Oh, thank God you remembered me, Rhodey," Tony sighed with relief, "you had such a grown up face on in the conference room, I was beginning to think you really forgot about me."
"I need help!" Steve called out. His knees were shaking as he ran through the list of medications in his mind that would help. "I need... I need phenobarbital. Keppra. L-lorazepam."
“Well, aren’t you just the sweetest thing?” Tony sneered. “So sweet to everyone—me, your fucking girlfriend, every damn person in this hospital—it’s nice to know I can count on you pitying me from now on, Rogers.”
"Listen, I woke up next to someone who looked like a damn model compared to me," Steve replied, his voice still heavy with sleep, "I freaked out."
A cutesy, secret note would have made him happy; coming back to his locker at the end of the day and knowing that Tony had been thinking about him would have made him feel better. Any fatigue from that day, any losses that day, anything that would have brought him down would have melted away, knowing that he would be seeing Tony and teasing him about his God awful handwriting.
The other interns’ expressions matched a deer in headlights. Steve managed to keep his cool and a smile on his face.
"That's okay, maybe next time, Mrs. Bautista," Steve replied, "You're gonna be mad when you hear it, but I have no food in my fridge."
"I thought you should have a memory of that," Tony explained. "You never forget your first patient, especially not one you diagnosed before the attending."
Steve stared longer than he should have, and Pepper caught on. Her smile faded, but she didn't seem angry like he expected. She looked broken.
“I’m sorry.” Tony’s sitting up in bed now, brows furrowed together in concern. “If it weren’t for mid terms, I swear I’d be on the next plane out to you—”
." Steve took the chart and left the NICU before she could see that he was red in the face with anger.
Four years of medical school had trained him in to a rigid routine of studying whenever he had down time. There were always practicals and exams to study for, and it never hurt to study ahead, either. Steve always had something to do, something to work for, something to make sure he was ready for.
Natasha folded her arms. "No one in the entire world is as perky as you are at six in the morning. We know it's not the coffee, Rogers. It's the sex."
fucking chance? Tony, I have given you too many chances. I finally thought we could be friends—hell, it worked for a while! I ignored the fact that you treat every other person in this hospital like complete utter shit, just to give you a chance at being happy.”
"What did you say? Why did you even say anything? The problem was between you and me, not you and Steve!" Tony sighed. "I can't do this, Pep. I can't."
"Nat, you should go out with Army Tags. He was checking you out the whole time I watched you guys at the station." She turned to Steve. "Quit being a loser and talk to Dr. Stark. You're a doctor, for God's sake. You've done scarier things than talking to a guy you like."
"Where's your boyfriend, Rogers?" He slurred. Steve couldn't think of his name; maybe it was John or Jake. All he remembered was that he hated the idiot's smile more than anything. "Aren't you supposed to be getting it on in the on-call rooms?"
"God. I can't believe how shallow you are." Tony scoffed. "Here I was thinking you liked me and you'd invite me to your little party back at your place."
Katie sat up eagerly in the bed, giggling along with Natasha. Steve ran toward the door and shut it quickly, hissing at them to be quiet.
"No, I deserve to know," Natasha retorted. "As your new coworkers, we deserve to know your love life. We were all boring and went to bed early last night, meanwhile you waltz in the locker room looking like a vampire was sucking on your chest."
And even with Steve smiling after the explanation, he was tired of feeling guilty. He was tired of having to avoid Steve's glances at the nurses' station, tired of kissing him and feeling his whole body grow heavy, tired of tiptoeing.
For a split second, Tony almost swore that there was a hint of sorrow in Steve's expression. Maybe it was nothing, maybe he was just imagining things—it was nearly four a.m. The blurred lines between the middle of the night and the early dawn always made everything seem hazy. He found himself staring too hard at the intern because before he knew it, the same familiar rouge crawled up his neck.
Sharon leaned on Steve. "It's a party, Steve. What would a party be without a little booze and dancing?"
The neurosurgeon looked much better now, his complexion looking far brighter than the night before. He no longer donned the hospital gown the nurses had forced him into after he passed out. He looked the most human than Steve had ever seen him. A plain maroon sweater and jeans—not the usual attending attire or scrubs. Dark hair, normally combed back, was now slightly unkempt, almost giving him a boyish look about him. He looked like someone's brother or a person at the coffee shop down the street, not like a world-renowned surgeon.
He faced her, surprised to see her eyes watering. "We talked a lot. After what happened. We didn't really get anywhere. Remember?"
"Just you and me, baby." Steve put on gloves and reached a finger in. "You are so new. You've got so much ahead of you..."
The blond sat beside Bucky and Natasha, exhausted from racing up the stairs and into the gallery. Natasha looked at him curiously.
"Well, surely you can let me treat you to some dinner in the on-call room." Tony winked as he shook the excess water off his arms and dried them. Steve was fucking melting into a goddamn puddle at this point.
Tony gets up from his desk, carrying his computer to his bed. Steve smiles as he watches him settle into in the sheets.
Ever since Steve was young, he loved seeing the babies in the nursery. On nights that Sarah couldn't get a babysitter and back when there wasn't a daycare in the hospital, Steve got to spend the night on the labor and delivery floor. Whenever his mother wasn't looking or had a patient, he'd sneak off to the nursery.
"Clock's ticking, Rogers. The minute they get this elevator running, that's it. I'll stay a mystery."
The orange furball pawed at one of the doors in the apartment, hissing angrily when Tony shot him a glance.
Steve put a stethoscope to her chest and felt instant relief to hear a normal heartbeat. "Hey, you."
"This is Alex," Pepper said, "I know it's a bit early to see her baby, but I thought we could break the rules a little bit."
She may have been a bratty teenager at first, but Steve could tell her words were genuine. He squeezed gently in return and smiled.
The intern locker room was crowded but oddly quiet. People were mingling, catching up after last night's mixer—an attempt for the attendings, residents, and interns to get to know each other—but other than that, there was a weird silence. Some tried to hide their fear, others didn't; it was their first day as doctors. The thought alone actually made Steve nervous.
Tony nodded and took another sip of a drink, feeling more immortal than ever. Steve instinctively wrapped his arm around Eva.
"Tony. I'm being serious." James folded his arms together. He had the same look he'd give Tony whenever he was being an idiot in school, when he wasn't focused, or whenever he pulled some stupid shit outside of class. Rhodey was always looking out for him, the older brother Tony never had. Disappointing him always left a pit in Tony's stomach. Usually Rhodey was always right, but he didn't feel like arguing with him.
Steve nodded. "Listen. You see that guy over there?" The intern tried to be oblivious, but the pointing and the shouting didn't help much. The dark haired man across the bar smirked and tried to enjoy his beer in silence. "I want to buy him a drink."
"How do you have a life outside of working?" Alex asked. "It looks like they never let you go home."
Steve paused upon hearing her voice. Hearing the sound was something out of a dream, emerging from his foggy memories. He finally got a chance to look at her, noticing her dark curly hair and the deep brown eyes behind her glasses. Looking at her suddenly brought back memories of undergrad and medical school, late nights at the library and drinking absurd amounts of caffeine. The sight of her nearly knocked the wind of out him.
He expected Pepper to be angry, just like she had been in the hundreds of voicemails and text messages she had left when he came to Chicago. He expected wrath, but he was shocked to see her still smiling through tears. He almost wished she were angry; it would be easier to deal with rather than watching her like this, sad and beautiful.
He didn't realize how attached he was to the damned cat until he needed to step out and get dinner for himself.
He didn't mean for his words to come out so harshly, and there was a pang of guilt when he saw the tears in Pepper's eyes. There was a moment in time, seemingly a lifetime ago, where he'd hold her and apologize for what he said. But that was a lifetime ago in New York, when they were younger, happier. All he could do was give a curt nod before driving off to the hospital.
"I know, Buck." Steve should have known people would talk. He just didn't expect people would still be calling him names as if they were still in high school. "Don't worry about it. People talk. It's fine."
After profuse gratitude, the young hero pulled his mask back on and continued his work, promising to be back in the morning before he went to school. Peter gripped Tony in a hug once more before swinging away to save the city.
Tony is blushing like a fool behind the camera now, and he sighs. “I love you too, Steve. I’ll see you soon.”
He needed the distraction. The past few weeks included calls and text messages from Tony, begging, pleading just to talk to him. He hated declining them, but he felt justified for doing it. It wasn't like Steve was trying to be petty; how do you respond to someone having a wife and being lied to about it?
The familiar strangers were silent as a teenager came in with a mop and cleaned the mess. Steve insisted on paying the small amount to replace the broken eggs, but the clerk insisted it was nothing. The intern felt nauseous once the clerk left them alone.
"I need to go. Charting. Dr. Wilson is probably looking for me too." Steve forced a smile. "I'll see you around, Tony. Stark. Dr. Stark."
"I don't, uh...I don't." He felt so goddamn stupid. Suddenly he was nineteen again, the same weird embarrassment and fear of trying to talk to guys, he felt like a child. The smile on the man's face only fueled the embarrassment. He was a goddamn doctor, for God's sake, and he suddenly forgot the entire English language.
"And so do you. So, so, good." Steve cleared his throat. "Not that you ever stopped looking good. Ever."
"Nothing fancy," the counselor explained, "but I think you guys need to see each other outside of work. Outside of therapy."
He didn't want to go to the bar at first. He needed a night of relaxing—or at least a night of sitting in front of the TV and doing nothing—to get over the fact that he was going to be a real doctor. Not just wearing a lab coat and following around doctors in a hospital; he was going to be the doctor this time. Sure, he was an intern, but he still had the degree—Steve Rogers, MD.
Steve resorted to doing his charting in the skills lab. Surgical interns were far too eager to spend extra time in the skills lab, so it was the perfect opportunity to get away from the usual crowd. He hoped that being the lab would encourage him to get the charts done and practice, but all he could think about was one heartbreaking neurosurgeon.
Steve really liked detective drama shows. Whether they were extremely over the top or based on true crime, the shows were his guilty pleasure. Any chance that he got a break from his studies or work, he would be curled up on the couch and binging episodes that he missed.
Pepper couldn't help but notice how close the two had become in the weeks that Alex and Andy have been in the hospital. When Steve was initially kicked off the case, he could still be found coming in after his shifts and offering cups of coffee to the exhausted mother. Alex was calmer with Steve checking in, which was part of the reason she let Steve back on the case. Calm mothers meant a calm NICU and calm nurses.
The intern laughed. Usually, comments like that would have embarrassed him, but since everyone seemed to be plastered, there was comfort in knowing they wouldn't remember tomorrow. He chuckled and offered her some water. "Thanks, Megan. Have some water."
"You have to work or you'll break." Sharon nodded. "Okay, Rogers. I'm here when you need me. We all are."
The following morning, a storm shook the city of Chicago. While the staff at the hospital had endured windy days before, the torrential downpour seemed to be shaking the entire building. The interns usually walked to the hospital from Steve's apartment, but the weather was so bad that they had to take a car just for a couple blocks. They still managed to be soaked from the short trip from the lot to the building.
"Yeah, I do have you, Dr. Blondie." She tapped on the book in front of him. "Keep studying so don't miss a single question Stark answers."
Up until the last hour of his shift, everything was running smoothly. All the babies were updated on their charts and medications were made, and Steve was just about ready to update the night nurses about his patients when Andy's vitals tanked.
There was no other option but to page Pepper, who threw on the gown and gloves almost effortlessly as she entered the NICU.
Steve entered quickly, shutting the door behind him. He smiled to see that the table had bed sheets over it, and plastic cutlery surrounded the plates of hospital cafeteria food. There were two plastic cups with grape juice, and a pen light stood as their makeshift candle.
"Can we talk? Please?" She held up a coffee cup. "I know I probably shouldn't be bribing a doctor but..."
Steve injected some morphine into the boy's body, then held the boy's hand as Sharon took a scalpel to her hands. The boy whimpered the sight, and Steve tried to avert his eyes away from what Sharon was doing. Jackson screamed into Steve's chest as the tube was placed, but soon his breathing improved as the blood drained from his lung. Steve placed an oxygen mask over the boy's mouth, feeling relieved as the boy relaxed.
After leaving the cafeteria in a blind rage, Tony returned to the ER, irritated at the sight left by the staff. Whatever patients that came in that evening were checked in or sent home, but the ER looked a mess. Beds were undone, carts needed to be stocked, and unfinished charts sat at the nurses station. Before he could stop himself, Tony realized he was paging the interns to the ER. It was beyond petty, sending the interns to tend to the ER just because he was jealous and pissy, but he didn’t care. This was an intern job, and the pretty dark haired mystery girl would just have to wait for her — whatever he was to her — to finish his job.
Tony arrived in the doctor's lounge with two cups of coffee in hand. Rhodey was napping on one of the couches with a note taped to his forehead:
Steve sighed. "I am so sorry he said all of that to you. I didn't even think he would say anything. Things have been...okay between us lately."
"Aren't you going to talk to him?" Nat asked. "You guys practically live together at your place, maybe he was going to leave her. Maybe he didn't know how to tell you."
Sarah waved her hand. "Oh, honey, you cannot tell me you haven't been drooling over that man the moment you laid eyes on him."
"I'm being serious!" Steve sighed. "I feel like I don't know anything about him, how can I be calling him my boyfriend?"
"It looks like we're trapped," Tony said coolly, "good to know one of the best hospitals in the city has faulty elevators."
Before Tony could answer, the elevator doors opened to the lobby of the hospital. Firefighters and maintenance staff cheered in triumph once the finally got the doors to function.
"Yes." Tony was sweating now, suddenly wishing that he wasn't doing this in the fucking first place. "It's Christmas, so."
college is taking up so much of my time but i wanted to write a lil flashback chapter because i missed my babes
Alex jumped up and joined the interns, both crying and screaming with excitement. Soon, the three of them were a blur of tears and happiness, but there was no time to waste. Sharon and Alex went back up to the NICU, and Steve made his way to the elevator to meet the procurement team.
"My God, honey bear, no need to be rude," Tony gasped, "I brought you coffee. And you're gonna drink it because you love me. And because you need to help me."
“Ready to scrub in?” There was a hint of concern in her voice as if she already could read his mind.
"She just died!" Bucky spat. "Can't you wait like two seconds before asking their parents to give their baby's heart to another kid?"
The neurosurgeon was immediately dragged away by his best friend. His eyes were still focused on Steve—at least the blurry image of him—and the fire behind his gaze. And just like that, Tony had ruined the one other good thing he had in his life.
“Yeah, I remember.” He’s grumbling, but seeing Steve grinning so widely like that, he doesn’t stand a chance. He’d do just about anything for that boy.
Whatever. They'd only been together for just a few months. They were just dating, and it wasn't like Tony was his boyfriend or anything. At least, Tony hadn't mentioned anything, so, it was nothing.
Once they returned to the apartment and put the groceries away, Tony clapped his hands together. "Now it looks like someone actually lives and eats here."
"And now it's not. My life is officially boring." She crossed her arms in annoyance, but she grinned a little. "I'll miss you as my doc, Blondie."
"I'll see you at the party?" Her lips turned up ever so slightly, and Bucky would never admit it, but he swooned.
"I think Katie burst an aneurysm," Steve said calmly, "She said that she fell a while ago. She might be bleeding into her brain."
Steve never wanted to push her to go to the same school as him. Grad school was supposed to be her own choice, and medical school to be his choice. The next two years of their relationship had sent them on opposite sides of the country. The long-distance struggles began to affect their studies, and they decided it was best to break up.
"...Rogers is his last name. I'm not a patient...I'm sorry, he's just an intern and I'm just bringing him coffee...can you not just page him or something?"
Tony hummed in agreement, trying to ignore the twisting in his stomach. He wanted to tell Steve, he wanted to so badly. The messages and voicemails driving him insane. Maybe they could live in their perfect little bubble. Where they had each other, and nothing else to worry about.
"Let's go eat. You need to be strong for her." Steve pulled her up from the chair, letting her arms slide into his.
Steve Rogers had graduated from the top of his class. Shadowing medical professionals and doctors since he was a teenager. Excellent grades, a fine student. Plenty of research conducted in both in undergrad and graduate careers. Medicine had become part of him. He didn't like to boast, but he was good. He was focused. He was
One day, Tony performs an original ballad for Steve. The artist in return brings a sketch of the two of them this time, sitting on the bench on the piano, fingers carefully intertwined. It’s perfect.
Steve only chewed on his nails, still worrying about Tony; Bucky laid his head down on the table, his brain completely fried from trying to memorize everything. Sharon and Natasha shook their heads and laughed.
Sitting at the bar all by himself was so goddamn awkward. Everyone else around him seemed to be on a date or had a group around them; he felt like the only one who came here alone. He quickly downed his beer and another round, hoping that the buzz would kick in quick.
Jake flashed him a fake smile before getting into a cab with a couple of his roommates. Steve leaned into the cab doors and looked at the driver. "He said he'd pay for this one."
Steve’s leaning against him in the truck, nuzzling his face against his neck. It was the last day of summer, and Steve insisted they went to the drive in theater before Tony left for school.
She looped her arm with his, silently hoping that her friend wasn’t too upset. Steve squeezed her arm right on cue, a silent acknowledgement for her apology. Steve was glad to finally get back to work in the usual chaos of the pit.
Steve stopped in his tracks with a frown. "Eva is not going to be a rebound for me. That is not who she is. She doesn't deserve that."
The intern waved a hand. "Do you see what he looks like Joe? And then what I look like? Probably not gonna happen."
"Is she okay?" Alex sounded a bit nervous now. "So many people keep checking on her, doing labs, but no one really tells me if she's okay."
The couple sat in the waiting room, holding their kitten, who looked better than the night before. It occurred to them that they couldn't bring Cheeseburger looking like a mess to the vet, so they had to give a very scared kitten a bath, which was extremely difficult for a couple of superheroes who didn't know one thing about having a pet.
"Fine, fine." The neurosurgeon chuckled. "Pepper... she's my family. We've been together for years. Years of birthdays, Thanksgivings, and Christmases with someone is hard to just...throw away."
Thunder rattled Chicago Medical, and that seemed a good cue as any to bid each other goodbye and get on with their day. So much for getting to a better place with Tony.
"Mom," Steve said through gritted teeth, "There was the mixer, and I-I went out with some friends, and Wilson was kicking my ass—"
She quickly brought smiles to whatever group of people Steve had introduced her to—not that he was surprised or anything. Eva could always fit in easily among different people without any brief moments of awkwardness or silence. It was always the opposite for Steve—he always needed a bit of a push. She was the people person between them. Nonetheless, he liked that she brought him out of his shell a little.
The intern paused for a moment before finally facing the neurosurgeon. His face looked oddly somber.  "Alright. Favorite color."
The neurosurgeon sighed. "I will always, always care about you, Pep. Whatever you remember from all the hell I put you through, please remember that."
The intern chuckled as Tony leaned forward and kissed him, letting all the stress melt away from his body. It was suddenly the two of them again, just the two of them in a staircase, without bosses or residents or exes to worry about, and all he needed right now was Tony. Finally, the brunet pulled away and pressed his forehead to Steve's.
"Just sit back and relax, okay?" Steve pressed his lips to the brunet's, achingly slow and sweet. "I'll take
Finally, the staff were dismissed, and the interns were back on scut duty. As boring as their tasks could be sometimes, there was no denying that it was peaceful to be stuck on charting or running labs back and forth.
"Because you're here," Tony said simply. As if it was the most obvious thing in the world, his presence improving the neurosurgeon's day. As if everything was still okay. As if Steve's heart wasn't shattered just a few weeks ago. As if they still had each other.
Tony sighs. He’d been avoiding this final conversation for a while; now that summer was finally ending, it would be his first year without Steve. He isn’t even at school yet, but his heart is already aching at the thought of leaving him.
Nat grabbed the tongs and placed the fried delicacy on her plate. The gang quickly followed suit, taking a bit of everything from the table. Eventually they all started making the rounds, greeting everyone from the different departments that were present.  It was not very often that all the hospital staff were finally gathered together. Instead of being confined to the varying shifts and specialties, they were finally allowed to mingle without the pressure of saving lives.
Ever since Bucky's first solo surgery, it seemed to be an unspoken thing that Natasha was his person now. They studied together every chance they could, they were always found together in the tunnels, if Steve was looking for Nat, he could probably find Bucky close by, too. He was sure they were together at this point, but Bucky didn't seem to mention anything about the matter.
"Missed you at the bar last night," She said, adjusting her coat, "we saw you, but it got really crowded. Did you get out okay?"
The fleeting dejected expression was quickly masked by another charming smile. "I totally understand. Don't want to make a bad impression."
Steve immediately unbuckled his pants, kicking them off in a frenzy that roused laughter from the stranger. The blond probably should have been slightly embarrassed as his eagerness, but the man in front of him looked far too pretty in his bed for him to care at that point.
Katie looked at him, puzzled. "Not always. But a couple weeks ago I landed on my back, hit my head. Nothing serious. I think I had a concussion."
They nodded wordlessly, sipping away at their coffee. All the surgical staff and interns were running toward the ER doors, and they followed suit. Several ambulances pulled up, and the interns quickly donned gowns and gloves.
Steve winked before kneeling onto the kitchen floor. "Of course not. We're just getting to know each other right now."
“I’m sure I’ll be seeing you around more often,” Tony said, voice dripping with sarcasm, “since we’re just bringing non-hospital staff to all our functions and gatherings. Maybe she can scrub in for you next week, Rhodey!”
The stranger pressed his lips on Steve's cheek lightly, chuckling when he noticed the blonde only grew redder. The tender moment quickly ended once they were in the building and kissing in the elevator.
Steve closed the gap between them, finally melting against Tony's lips. The familiar scratch of Tony's stubble made Steve shiver, a feeling he could never get over no matter how many times he thought he was over that sensation. The intern's hands found Tony's hair, relishing the thick strands and how they felt after months of being away.
Peter was welcome in their apartment anytime, the teenager took Tony up on that offer frequently. He came by to study, left whatever device he needed to be charged up, and he definitely crashed out on the roof every once in a while after a night of fighting crime.
The moment of distraction and bliss was brief as Dr. Potts-Stark brought in a mother into the NICU to see her child. The young woman in the wheelchair had the same dark hair and honey golden skin as the baby that gripped his finger. She looked relieved to see that her daughter had made it through the night.
The moment she walked away, all the interns stood slack-jawed. Steve pursed his lips together and quickly paid the annoyed cashier so they could finally get out of the store. As they exited the store, Nat slapped the blond's arm.
Steve turned around, wiping his hands on a towel before pressing one of them against Tony's forehead. He frowned and wandered through the kitchen, rummaging through the cabinets.
The song finally ends, fading away quietly as the pianist’s fingers flutter off the ivory keys. he takes a deep breath, satisfied with himself. After weeks of trying to perfect the classic song, he finally accomplished his goal.
"Have a good morning," Tony said. Steve could only nod in response instead of kiss him on the cheek like he wanted to, since Wilson was watching.
"Hi, Steve. Thank you for letting me talk to you. I really appreciate it." Tony wrung his hands. "It's really complicated, but if you'll just hear me out—"
The suave neurosurgeon winked. "You can call me Tony. Not now, but tomorrow night, when I take you out for dinner."
In the waiting room, Steve found the anxious mother holding a cup of tea and pacing. Once she saw the intern, her eyes watered with tears. She set the cup down and immediately threw her arms around the intern, trying to catch her breath as she cried.
And because it was so perfect and fun, Steve was terrified of ruining anything. It had been a few years since he'd dated anyone, and Tony just felt so right. Sure, they had only been together for a few months, but something about it made Steve feel good (no, not just the sex). Tony understood him, didn't suffocate him when he was busy, comforted him after hard cases or patients that he lost. Everything was so easy and simple with Tony, it almost seemed too good to be true. He wasn't about to rush into anything only to have Tony change his mind.
Pepper groaned in frustration as she sat back down on the couch. Tony paced the room, restless and exhausted all at once. It was the same argument, no matter how many times they revisited it.
He knew his friends were right about Tony. Coffee is just never just coffee when it comes from your ex-boyfriend. He didn't want them to be right; he just missed Tony.
And so the blonde reluctantly follows his favorite coffee addict into the kitchen, giggling as he reveals the secret stashes of coffee. Steve really isn’t a coffee drinker, but as he watches Tony, with disheveled hair and and beaming over a fresh cup, well, he can’t help return the grin.
Steve bid goodbye to the rest of the interns, but he wasn't leaving the hospital just yet. He made his way to the labor and delivery unit, where a very exhausted nurse was waiting for him. The woman's eyes widened when she saw the blond coming toward her, and she opened her arms wide.
"Thanks again, Rogers. He's still recovering in his room," Dr. Rhodes said, "scotch is one hell of a drink."
Mr. Calvin Klein only got prettier when he smiled. He was in the middle of getting dressed, buttoning a navy blue shirt. Steve found himself getting flustered upon remembering how difficult it was to unbutton that damn shirt. Buttons are way harder to undo when you're piss-drunk.
Pepper stood up, silently putting on her scrubs and adjusting her lab coat. She hated how heavy the tears in her eyes were; she felt like a goddamn fool.
But Steve didn't want to be boring, he didn't want to waste his life only focusing on school and medicine. It couldn't hurt to meet the other interns, get a drink, see everyone outside the hospital.
Tony laughed before he was interrupted by Steve unbuckling his pants. He tilted his head back and relaxed.
Steve couldn't stop the blushing now. Tony pretty much did everything a boyfriend would do and more. If their schedules lined up for free time, he was at the apartment making a meal for the two of them. Tony's apartment was a bit of a walk from the hospital and since Steve's was much closer, he'd spend the night if they were off. It wasn't every night, but once or twice a week, Steve found himself breathing in the smell of Tony's hair.
“Nothin’, just thinking about pretty blonds,” Tony replies with a smile. “How are your classes? How’s work?”
Tony reached out to the intern, resting his hand on Steve's. "It's over with her. Didn't you hear me? I want you, Steve. I love you."
The intern tried to focus on anything other than Pepper's hands, but it was as if he was in a trance. All he could think about was the fact that her finger was bare; the ring that he spent so much time thinking about, obsessing over—she took it off. It was gone.
. One of the best neurosurgeons in the country. I'd be dying to learn more from him. What's the deal with him?"
The young doctor ditched the tie and suit jacket he donned earlier to the mixer. Once he removed them he felt a little lighter, like he could breathe again. The incoming class of interns was bigger than past years, and combined with all the residents and attendings that were at the mixer, the banquet hall room quickly grew stuffy.
When his best friend returned to the living room, Tony couldn’t help but laugh at the attempt made to look festive. Tony had almost forgotten the ugly Christmas sweater that was stashed away in his closet. Rhodey’s grin looked evil.
Surprisingly, the neurosurgeon looked stumped. His brows furrowed together, deep in thought. He looked downright irresistible—Steve hated that he found himself staring with the female interns.
"She was fine," Steve repeated, "She was just fine! I checked on her, God, I don't know, fifteen minutes ago? Dr. Potts—"
Bucky took the coffee from Steve's hand. As he took a sip, he shuddered. "This is just milk and sugar, where's the coffee?!"
Whatever. He was a neurosurgeon. Steve couldn't be angry about a page that took a few minutes longer than expected. Tony—Dr. Stark— was probably coming out of a surgery or doing another consult. Whatever. Steve did what he was supposed to do. He was trained to save Katie's life, and he did it. Still, the nurses should be thanking
Steve rolls his eyes, but blush eventually spreads across his face and neck. Tony beams at the blond; it’s moments like this that make it a little easier to be away.
“Yeah, we’re probably going to grab some more food,” Sharon said, tugging on Steve’s arm. “It was really nice to chat with you all.”
Soon, Steve returned with the coffee, soup, and a snack for Bucky once he finally woke up to chart. Sharon silently fought a battle in her mind, wondering whether or not it would be right to just interrogate Steve while they were mostly alone. She decided to keep quiet until Dr. Stark passed through the ER on his way out. The energy in the ER immediately changed, and Sharon could have sworn Steve perked up upon hearing the neurosurgeon’s voice. After updating the night nurses about pages, Tony waved over to where the interns were sitting.
"It's not funny to her anymore," Sharon said. She shared the same scowl that Natasha had on her face before she left the station. Before they knew it, the boys were left alone, with Bucky's jaw nearly hitting the floor.
The bar was crowded—it was as if the entire intern class had showed up that night. That was to be expected anyway; everyone wanted to drink their worries away before the biggest day of their lives.
The holiday season wasn’t exactly as exciting when divorce papers show up on your front door. Merry fucking Christmas.
During surgery, the interns were allowed to scrub in. Nat stood next to Bucky, who only wished to observe. Sharon and Steve were able to get up close, holding suction and retractors for Dr. Danvers.
Steve closed the gap between them and pressed his lips to Tony's. He thought it would make him feel better, that maybe all the pain would melt away for once. That the pain he felt all these weeks would maybe disappear, and maybe Tony's touch would bring him peace. He let Tony touch his hair, his chest, his hips, hoping that his misery would end finally, but it didn't. He let Tony kiss every inch of exposed skin, letting himself feel the soft scratch of stubble. He waited for the pain to subside, for the same warmth and happiness he felt before, but it never came.
Still, he had faked a laugh with the rest of the interns, taking an extra long sip of the champagne to calm his nerves. It wasn't enough.
The gentle timbre of Sharon’s voice brought him back to reality. He faced his friend, feeling warmer when she smiled at him. Steve suddenly remembered that he was standing right in the middle of the surgical unit with Sharon. They were supposed to check the board and scrub into their respective surgeries. Sharon was observing Banner’s cholecystectomy, and Steve was just about to get ready for Danvers’ coronary artery bypass surgery.
So, yeah. He was allowed to be not good and not boring with an extremely handsome neurosurgeon waiting for him in the on-call room.
And for a moment, Steve nearly forgot. He nearly forgot the weeks of pain and hell he'd been enduring. He wanted to melt into Tony's arms, fall into them the way he always did after a bad day. The look on Tony's face wasn't smug and teasing, he looked so sincere that it only made Steve's heart ache more.
"She's barely the size of a newborn," Bucky said glumly, "do you really think there will be hearts available today?"
The child kept a steady hand on Steve, as if she wasn't quite ready to let go. Steve needed to check on other patients in the NICU, but he couldn't let go either. Babies were a good distraction. A cute, heart-wrenching distraction.
Steve lunged at him his time, grabbing him by the shirt and throwing him against the wall. The drunk intern braced himself this time, underestimating Steve's strength. The cut on Jake's face stopped him; he didn't want to get suspended at work because of some idiot. Steve let go of the man's shirt. Sharon was close behind, tugging at Steve to move away.
He really hated how hungover he was. She seemed so warm and genuinely concerned, but he couldn't remember anyone's name and the headache wasn't helping. He pushed another fake smile. "I did, thanks."
"Sharon." He tried taking in a breath, but it was like the air couldn't quite get into his lungs. "Let me just...let me go. I can't talk about this."
Steve was an interesting addition to his adventure. Sure, he went to a bar late at night and downed a few shots of vodka, so it was probably inevitable that he'd go home with someone. He just wanted to see the nightlife and get to know the city a little bit.
Tony was shocked. No matter how angry he could feel, he was always surprised at Steve's tenderness. However, the toxicity of the alcohol returned and clouded Tony’s brain. “I’m pretty sure your girlfriend wouldn’t enjoy you pitying me.”
Tony laughs in disbelief, settling back on the bed next to Steve. “That’s cruelty, you know. I need coffee in the mornings.”
Natasha and Bucky immediately went to the older sister, leaving Sharon and Steve with the much younger patient. He looked no older than ten years old, but his injuries suggested that he was sitting in the front when he wasn't supposed to. Steve tried to ignore his irritation after he noticed the fleeting frown on Sharon's face.
The intern nearly ran out the door before Tony's voice stopped him again. Steve wanted to shout at his subconscious at this point.
"Why don't we take a break?" The counselor looked like she needed it more than anyone else. Their session had another half hour to go, but she looked as if she'd heard them fighting for hours. The couple agreed and the counselor excused herself. Tony left the room as well, heading immediately to the coffee cart in the lobby. Pepper followed him, hissing in his ear.
"She's doing great so far," Steve reassured her, "I can see if another doctor can come down and talk to you later tonight."
"Have another drink, Rogers!" Bucky exclaimed. "You're so fuckin' uptight these days. Forget about Stark, forget about the internship for one night!"
The interns stood idle in the patient room before following Dr. Danvers and Wilson into the hallway. Natasha tentatively raised her hand.
Tony bites back his own grin, feeling a little more confident after his encounter with a wonderful stranger.
Steve bit his tongue before forcing what he hoped was a sincere smile. "Dr. Potts-Stark, with all due respect, you don't have to tell me all this. I...I don't talk to Dr. Stark anymore."
"She has a subdural hematoma," Tony explained, "And you're going to scrub in with me. Nice work, Dr. Rogers. You saved this girl's life."
"Uh, good morning." There was a bit of a sheepish smile on his face as if he was a bit embarrassed to be found half-dressed in a stranger's room. As if he had any reason to be embarrassed, looking perfect enough to go shoot a commercial or another underwear ad after a drunken encounter with someone he didn't know.
Tony chuckled in response, low enough to send shivers down Steve's spine. The elevator was just a couple more floors down to the ground level. They were almost there until there was a distant rumble of thunder, and the lights in the elevator went pitch black and thudded to a halt.
"The question of the century, Rogers." Tony sighed. "Before I moved to Chicago, Howard was planning to retire. Dr. Happy Hogan was the chief then, since I turned it down before. Howard insisted I stepped up once he retired, and I actually said yes. I was going to tell Pepper the news when I found Happy right in the bed next to her. I thought it was a one time thing, but it had been going on for several weeks."
Tony beams at him, jokingly rolling his eyes and waving his hand. “Dammit, Steve. How am I supposed to deal with the ridiculous amount of pining over you while I’m away?”
After a couple hours, Sharon and Dr. Potts-Stark emerged from the OR and informed them of the good news. Alex burst into tears again, this time throwing her arms around Pepper and Sharon and thanking them profusely.
They'd been together for years, but Steve still blushed and cleared his throat. "I missed you, too."
Now, it was six in the morning, with their shift ending in two hours. The four miserable interns were camped out in the basement, where they were blessed extra beds and gurneys to lounge around on. Sharon and Natasha were dutifully filling out charts, trying to suppress their yawns. The boys had just returned after a splendid early morning of rectal exams. Wilson was in a horrible mood after being called in to an emergency appendectomy, and Steve and Bucky were his victims that morning.
Those three words made Steve completely forget the entire English language. The intern stuttered for a moment, scrambling to find an answer that wouldn't be completely embarrassing.
"Steve. You can call me Steve since I'm babysitting for you," Steve said with a wink, "Andy is my number one patient tonight."
"No, no!" Natasha grabbed his arm. "I'm sorry. You just totally did not seem like the type to have drunk one-night stands. You look like the guy who opens car doors, gets flowers, pulls up in shining armor on a white horse. I'm sorry."
"You can go home," Steve blurted out, "you had a long day, after all. I can page whoever is on call so you can go home instead."
Steve collected himself for a moment as Tony examined the scans. He pointed at a small section of the brain scan, smiling to himself.
"The gallery isn't the best place to hide," Wilson said in a hushed tone. "And all the attendings know about the tunnels. Hopefully you can find a better place to avoid your...Dr. Stark."
As if on cue, Dr. Wilson entered the gallery, holding stacks of charts and a stern look on his face. Steve immediately stood up and greeted his boss, taking the charts eagerly. Dr. Wilson stared at the intern curiously; the poor intern looked about as red as a tomato.
Steve tried to ignore the fact that Tony's eyes were shining with tears. He tried to ignore the fact that his heart wasn't just shattering, it was exploding, breaking, destroyed. He tried to ignore the fact that he nearly fell in love with someone who had a wife.
The interns all shifted around silently at first, exchanging nervous glances. Sharon was the one who finally spoke up.
"Get lucky, pal?" A man his age clapped his shoulder. Army tags hung around his neck. "I saw you running out of that bar. I hope you had a good time."
The residents and interns seemed to pick up on his sour mood, and almost everyone scurried away after consultations or showing lab results. Noticing his friend’s odd behavior during the morning staff meeting, Rhodey decided to bring coffee before their trauma in the ER. Instead of being met with the usual enthusiasm for caffeine, Tony was silent.
His last partner wanted to understand. She was in grad school, he was in the thick of his third year of medical school. They both knew how difficult graduate education could be, but even then, it didn't work out. Steve pretended not to care—he didn't need a boyfriend or girlfriend to survive—but still, it'd be nice if something like that worked out. That someone would understand what he's going through, and what he's going to be going through for the next few years. That someone could lay down in bed with him after hours of studying. If only.
The interns scrambled around in the room, bringing whatever supplies the nurses suggested they bring. Weeks, months, years seemed to pass by in the seconds it took for Dr. Wilson to enter the room with a crash cart. He injected more medications into her IV before handing the paddles to Steve.
Suddenly, Tony found himself talking to the cat all day long. Cheeseburger was an excellent conversationalist, mewing at just the right moments when Tony paused. The kitten seemed pleased with himself every time Tony laughed in response.
"She was asking for you too," Tony replied, "She said you saved her life. Pretty good for your first day, running a code all by yourself."
After the surgery was a different story. By then, Pepper was cleaned up and getting ready for the conference room meeting with Fury and the other attendings. Tony had gone to the attending locker room, where Pepper was adjusting her lab coat. The neurosurgeon turned on his heel when her voice stopped him.
Cheeseburger returned to the kitchen, rubbing himself on Steve's legs and purring quietly. Steve chuckled to himself, then pressed a kiss to his pouting husband's cheek.
"I'm hungry, Cheesy," Tony explained. "Steve is the one that loves to cook, and well...I want a cheeseburger."
"I'll make this brief, since I know the interns are nuts." Murmurs of amusement echoed the room. "Dr. Anthony Stark will be our new head of neurosurgery. Dr. Bruce Banner is our general surgeon, Dr. Carol Danvers is our cardio-thoracic surgeon, Dr. James Rhodes our trauma surgeon and Dr. Wilson is our very own chief resident."
"You're an idiot!" Steve called out. The soldier hushed him and ran off to find the other blonde intern.
"Only for you, baby." Tony really hoped the exaggerated grin was enough to get his husband off his back; just standing up was exhausting him.
Tony froze. He couldn't read Steve's face for a split second; the soldier was far too serious. Eventually, a smile broke through the stoic expression, and he slipped his arms around the brunet. He squeezed him a little, enjoying the smell of his husband's hair.
The trauma surgeon grabbed Tony's hand and squeezed. Tony couldn't help but feel a little bit overwhelmed yet relieved at the same time. He threw his arms around his best friend and sighed. Even when the world was falling apart, he had Rhodey.
The lights returned, illuminating the darkness and revealing the ever handsome and charming neurosurgeon. Steve waited for the usual hum of the elevator, but everything was completely silent. The intern pressed the emergency button several times, expecting to hear some alarm sounds. Nothing.
Rhodey scoffed. "You're grinning because something is happening that I don't know about. And you won't tell me."
Sharon and Natasha were splayed out on the couch, with the redhead in Sharon's lap. They looked so comfortable, but Steve had to wake them. He ushered them into his room. They immediately started kicking off their shoes and got under the covers. He set down bottles of water for them and their hangovers in the morning.
"Oh, Rogers, we'd be denying everyone a party!" Bucky winked. "All the morning nurses will be pretty upset at me if we canceled. I also promised booze, and no one wants to turn down drinks."
The others fidgeted a little, hiding the snacks and money. Steve shook his head in disgust. They came all this way, fighting to get into this program, only to make it into some sort of game? Ridiculous.
The words are enough to send chills down Tony’s back. Sure, he was used to verbal battles with Steve, but they didn’t usually end this way. Tony was beyond intoxicated, but the words echoed over and over in his mind. Suddenly, he was feeling very faint and lightheaded, and the image of Steve immediately began to blur and fade—
It was Tony Stark's first day at Chicago Medical. The new head of neurosurgery. Nick Fury, chief of surgery and an old mentor from his days in New York, had offered him the position a few months ago. It was only until a couple weeks ago that he decided to take the job.
Every intern sat up in the OR gallery, looking down at the operating team. Bucky somehow looked incredibly small despite his stature, and he stood perfectly still in front of the patient's body. Nick Fury stood a few feet behind him. There was no indication of communication except for people nodding; the silence was deafening, both in the OR and the gallery.
By lunchtime, anyone who had a hungover from last night's party started sobering up. News spread quickly, and the interns were met with stares and whispering for the entirety of their break.
The interns turned around, slightly embarrassed now that Tony stood behind them. The neurosurgeon looked exhausted, as if the last several hours had sent him through hell and back. He shifted on his feet a bit, trying to read Steve's face; the intern stared at his food instead.
Tony didn't respond, keeping his lips busy so that he wouldn't have to answer. He lifted her gently, setting her down on the couch in the lounge before shutting the door. He kissed again, slower, softer. Pepper had wrapped her arms and legs around him now, pulling him closer and closer, but the waves of pain his chest didn't subside.
He could never guess what was about to happen next. Every plot twist, every unsuspecting detail that turned out to be major evidence in solving the crime, he never thought to expect it. When he still lived with Sarah, she'd constantly tease him for the look of surprise when they revealed who the culprit was.
"There are no set rules in this hospital against dating your boss. It's frowned upon, but not illegal," Tony reassured him. "It would be different if you were just using me to get in on surgeries and sleep your way to the top. Are you sleeping your way to the top, Rogers? Were all these weeks and months just a ploy to get good surgeries?"
Steve wandered over to his kitchen, looking through the contents of the kitchen and pantry as if he would find something other than popcorn and some leftovers from the other night. He didn't really feel like cooking, so he was going to have to settle for popcorn for dinner. He made a note to buy more butter for his next batch of popcorn.
Bucky and Natasha were covering neurosurgery afternoon, and Steve and Sharon were called down to the pit. The work in the pit was not particularly interesting that day—minor procedures and diagnostic scans kept the duo occupied. Their system of keeping the ER from overflowing with patients worked well for several hours until there was an abnormality in one of the CT scans. Sharon noticed her friend staring too long at one of the scans and joined him. She frowned when she took note of the abnormality.
badly. The soldier never begged for one, but all the "hints" about wanting a pet were clear as day. Whenever they were out, seeing dogs out on the street or at the park, or maybe seeing a cat in the windows of apartment buildings, Steve always had something to say about it. People were always so shocked to see Captain America and Iron Man walking the streets of Manhattan that they were more than willing to let the heroes pet their animals.
The intern could barely suppress his smile. "Uh, yeah. Okay. You can come over. You know where I am?"
"That's boring," Bucky retorted, "you need a rebound. Something to get Tony off your mind, someone new—"
He tried enjoying himself during the celebration. There was great food and drink; Chicago Medical knew how to treat their staff to a welcoming party. Any intimidation that would have come from meeting world-renowned surgeons melted away with everyone wearing formal clothing and sipping on cocktails; that would all change the next day once everyone was back in scrubs and lab coats.
Bucky froze. It felt like there was nothing in his brain, nothing related to medicine, nothing related to the English language, nothing that could ever let him recover from this. Fury stepped forward, pointing to the blood in the abdomen.
Steve Rogers hadn't chewed on his nails in years. He used to do it all the time, chewing and picking on his fingertips. He was nervous kid. He had gotten over that; it was a gross habit. But now, he couldn't stop himself from biting them, picking on the cuticle and the skin around the nails. He was willing to do anything to keep himself busy instead of running out the hospital doors and never looking back.
"You're going to be fine, you know." She poked him with her pencil when he didn't respond. "The chief will be in there, so will Dr. Wilson. You know how to do an appendectomy. We've been studying for hours."
But then they were on their way, and Steve gushed about the dog for the several blocks it took to get them back to the tower. Once they were back in the apartment, Tony sighed as he splayed on the couch. Steve smirked as he joined his husband.
"You're lucky the position was still open," Fury said as he handed Tony the paperwork, "and that you happen to be the best of the best."
"Interns are pretty much always on call," Steve explained, "that means you're stuck with me for the night anyway."
Now that Steve was a doctor, it felt different to be on the other side of the glass. Visitors and patients alike passed by, admiring the youngest people in the hospital. They captivated people of all ages; everyone loved newborn babies.
"Alright, fine." Steve tried to hide the smile on his face as they cheered. He needed some happiness in his life. Something to distract him from Tony.
and Steve can barely think before he realizes Tony has already pulled away. Tony is clutching him so tight, he’s getting a little dizzy now.
Tony nodded. He fiddled with the bedsheets for a while, searching, wondering, aching to say something to him and break the awful silence that sat between them.
Tony couldn't keep the smile off his face. Thinking about Steve, the way he blushed and the way he reacted to being asked out—the rush made him feel like a teenager again. Maybe there was something there. Something beyond a one-night stand.
"Don't you talk about Samuel like that. He's a very good man." She was serious; Sarah Rogers knew everyone at the hospital and did not enjoy anyone talking about her favorite doctors. She knew the man since he was an intern, fresh out of medical school, and Wilson did very well on his rotation on labor and delivery.
She was getting a bit nervous now, since Steve noticed Jake and other interns and nurses gathered around him. It was hard to hear, but they knew exactly what he was talking about. Jake made no effort to hide the cut on his face; it was barely stitched up, as if he was begging for some scar to appear later.
Pepper fiddled with the ring on her finger. "I really thought maybe we were getting better. Steve said that—"
The neurosurgeon was still in scrubs, laying in the bottom bunk and scrolling through his phone. He immediately sat up once he saw his favorite blonde coming in the doors. But, almost immediately, he felt the familiar pang of guilt he'd been feeling all week. Tony finally decided it was time to tell Steve, just to tell him the truth now instead of later—
Tony smirked. "There's no need to be so formal, honey bear. You've addressed me informally for years, you know. Unless all that time away from me on the West Coast gave you amnesia."
Tony blinked in surprise. “I can add that to the list now. Tony Stark MD, neurosurgeon, divorcé, mopey piece of shit.”
Sharon shot daggers at her friend; Steve’s lips were pressed together in thin line. He silently cursed the fact that Tony ever said anything, and the fact that nothing could get past his best friend. He also hoped that Sharon would spare him the lecture, but she already grabbed him and pulled him into a nearby staircase.
Others around him followed his lead, only not everyone toasted to the blond's namesake. Some of the other party goers cheered on about something else, clearly too intoxicated and deafened by the music. Bucky downed his bottle fairly quickly and sighed in content. Natasha and Sharon continued drinking some fruity drink out of their red cups, giggling and hiccuping around Bucky, who seemed to be going on about his med school days. Steve slipped away from them and went to the kitchen to get them glasses of water.
“Buck, we all had dinner with Eva the other night!” Steve exclaimed. “And she’s coming to the hospital holiday party this weekend. I am very much still with Eva.”
Well. It wasn't just Natasha that knew now. Bucky's shit-eating grin confused Steve at first. The soldier had given Steve a round of applause before sitting down with everyone.
"It's, uh...I'm Dr. Rogers. Sir. I have to chart. Because she crashed." He fiddled with the pen in his pocket, even though Tony had the chart and he had no other patients to chart on yet. "I'll be back."
. The neurosurgeon was so suave and dangerously pretty from Steve's perspective, smiling up at him. But his pager was still going off, and he wasn't trying to get an ass-kicking on his first shift.
, Steve—we should be actually finishing the breakfast we made, staying on the phone for hours because neither of us have the heart to hang up first, then you ask me to go steady with you—ugh,
"It was Rogers, sir," Dr. Wilson answered, motioning for the blond to step forward. "The second seizure since this morning. Lasted five minutes. She's loaded up on medications and still needed shocking."
Tony finds himself playing the same melodies for the blond, learning new songs when he discovers the music that Steve likes. Steve’s sketchbook is slowly filled with images of Tony’s hands, his fingers stretched over the keys, the way the sunlight in the room hits his nose and cheeks.
The first stop in the kitchen is always the coffee maker, but this morning, the regular box of coffee grounds seems to be missing. Not in the cabinets, not misplaced somehow in the fridge or under the sink-
"I'm just excited for surgery, that's all." Tony winked, laughing when Rhodey rolled his eyes this time.
Steve reached a hand out, placing it in the space between them. Tony sighed and placed his hand on Steve's, scooting closer and closing the gap that separated them. The blond couldn't help himself, and soon, he was leaning on Tony's shoulders. Another scalpel in his chest, but at least he could let himself feel close to Tony one last time.
Steve froze. The bartender left the two alone, and soon, the mystery stranger was now sitting right next to him.
Tony grabbed a handful of kibble from one of the many jars of cat food and treats that lined the kitchen counter. He extended his hand down to the kitten. Cheeseburger carefully sniffed the kibble before taking some into his mouth and scampering back to the living room.
Pepper nodded. "You can go see her. She was a champ during surgery. I'll just need the post-op updates tomorrow, Dr. Rogers. You can round on her with Alex if you like."
this is a continuation of (not really a) goodbye. not all of the chapters will be connected but if they are i'll put it in the summaries!
Steve focused just on the man's lips now; the more he looked at him and now that he was sobering up after drinking some water, he quickly realized the man wasn't just pretty. He was gorgeous. Gorgeous in a way that made Steve's stomach twist. Gorgeous in a way that seemed impossible, especially for a guy like Steve. He was just Steve, but this guy? Holy fucking hell.
"And did you love me?" Steve paused for a moment. "You don't have to answer that right away. I know it's complicated."
The tour was interrupted by Dr. Wilson's pager followed by the rest of the interns pagers. Panic rose in Steve's chest, and before he could calm himself, they were running to the emergency room.
The blond leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony's forehead. "I'm sorry, I take it back. I don't need anyone or anything but you. Better?"
"We can go there for some drinks then come back here," Steve replied. He tugged off his own shirt and pants before returning his lips to Tony's body. "Or we can just stay here. Your choice."
Watching Eva meet everyone on staff made Steve’s heart swell; he had always imagined this, in his life before. Back when they were still in school, dreaming of the life they would have when they grew up, as Eva liked to say. Steve had imagined moments where he would introduce her to the people who would not just be his coworkers but close confidants, friends.
"I'm here, Alex." Steve rubbed her back gently. "I'm sorry I was gone. I got stuck in an elevator today. This damn storm messed up everything, but I'm here now."
The brunet slammed the binder shut and handed it back to Bucky. “I want hourly results on her status. You can page me in surgery if need be. Get her ICP down or you’re not scrubbing in.”
"If you wanna kiss me, you'll have to let me take care of you." Steve crossed his arms as Tony whined. "I mean it. No kissing me, no touching me..."
There were only a few items in the fridge: some beer, cheese that was probably spoiled, leftovers from wherever he ate last, and some coffee cream. Steve had only moved into this apartment a few days ago, and he meant to go out for groceries the night before his first day. And well...that didn't quite turn out as planned.
"You were sunshine after a lifetime of rain." Tony tentatively reached for Steve's hand, relieved when he was allowed to hold it for a moment. "I need you to believe me, Steve...I screwed up, but God, you were real for me. Everything I felt, everything I said to you, that was real. It was the happiest I'd been in a long time. I...I was falling in love with you, Steve."
"I don't get what you want from me!" Sharon exclaimed. "You want us to be there for you, but then lash out when I try to see if you're okay? That's some high school shit, Rogers. I don't have time for that. Let me be your friend or leave me alone."
Unfortunately, the morning was quickly ending, and it was nearly time for Tony to return to the hospital. He tried to get out of bed quietly, sliding his arm out from Steve gently. The subtle movements were still enough to wake the blond. Steve rubbed his eyes and chuckled.
"Party's over." Steve turned around to face everyone else. "I'll call cabs if you're too drunk to get out of here. Meet me in the building lobby downstairs."
Tony was impressed by the intern. He knew that Steve was going to make a great doctor; today's events proved that. He was engrossed as Steve talked about himself, enjoying the inevitable rosy color that crept up on his cheeks every now and again.
He took the packet, nodding wordlessly to the lawyer before slamming the door shut and groaning in frustration. The papers weren’t a surprise, exactly—mostly a reminder that his life was going to complete and utter shit.
Steve sighed. "Oh my God. I sound like a complete jackass. I thought you were talking to your ex, then I felt like we barely knew each other, then I was panicking and spiraling, and then someone else brought up the word boyfriend—"
She was perfect. The first two years of their relationship were perfect. Steve nearly had his heart set on marrying that girl.
Snow fell gently outside, looking beautiful like something out of a movie. Steve was looking something beautiful too, cheeks red out of frustration and snowflakes dusting his eyelashes. Something in the back of his mind, either Rhodey’s warning or his own conscious, told him to leave the poor man alone. The alcohol in his blood was telling a different story.
Tony never really had pets. While he was growing up, Howard never really allowed animals inside the house, so he just got used to the idea. So, Tony Stark didn't have any pets.
"What? She would normally find that kind of shit funny!" Bucky stared at the interns in disbelief. "Oh, come on, you guys."
The days that came before the party exhausted him; interns and residents were particularly annoying that week, and all he wanted was to finally settle down in his apartment to finally open up a bottle of scotch. Long hours with the same staff made him irritable, and he didn’t see how a party with the exact same people was going to magically fix his sour mood.
"I did what I had to do." Sharon stood up and gathered Jackson's charting. "I'm gonna go check on him."
The interns decided that Steve needed roommates. Mostly because Steve couldn't stop staring at the neurosurgeon, and they needed him to focus.
But now, the memory isn’t so warm and fuzzy; part of him wishes they didn’t make a big deal of it. Wishes they didn’t make such a big deal about the fact that he’d be miles away from his best friend, his heart and soul, his
Time didn't feel real in the moments that passed afterwards. Tony found himself in the scrub room next to Pepper and Rhodey. The three of them together jarred memories of New York.
Tony pressed his lips to Steve's again, trying to shake the horrifying guilt that racked his body. It wasn't exactly a lie, it was just part of the story. They left out parts of the story to patients all the time, to help them recover faster or to spare them the fear of surgeries and procedures. Tony didn't lie, not exactly. He just wasn't ready to tell the story yet. He just hoped that Steve wouldn't hate him if he ever found out the truth.
Tony could not take his eyes off the two of them. The way Steve had suddenly become speechless when she arrived made him sick to his stomach, and the way she fucking smiled in response was just infuriating.  Tony couldn’t take his eyes away from that table; every single glance, every hint of blush, and smile cut deeper and deeper into his heart. He was somehow angry and completely broken all at once—the chips and coffee sitting before him were completely unappetizing now.
"I left the station before I could embarrass myself anymore," Steve explained, "But then she had a meeting to go to."
The last few days without Steve seemed to fly by. It was as if Tony had a second shadow; Cheeseburger followed him around to the lab constantly, curiously inspecting anything that Tony was working on. The engineer even kept a food bowl in the lab since he and the kitten were spending long hours together. Growing kittens needed to eat, after all.
