He moved further into the room and settled in the empty chair beside Greg. Chloe peered over at the infant against his chest and Maeve lifted her head to look back at her, she flashed a gummy smile.
“One bottle.” John announced as he came back into the room. He placed it on the small table beside the chair and walked over to the desk. He frowned, “did you use my laptop again?”
“I intend to make this the first of many successful Christmases which in this case means doing the unexpected.”  Sherlock rambled in explanation.
“I’ll get her Moses basket.” Greg said, ducking out of the room long enough to grab the Moses basket and come back into the room. He placed it onto the table beside the bowl and smiled at the younger man.
Mycroft had slipped off his shoes and placed them by the chair with his suit jacket. He put on foot close to Maeve and she immediately grabbed his trouser leg with one hand and tugged gently.
“You okay?” Greg asked. He was sat beside them on the sofa with his ankle on his knee, watching Mycroft with a curious smile. “You’ve been rather quiet.”
“He brought the outfit,” Sherlock brought his hand to his forehead and rubbed gently, distressed, “I couldn’t exactly say no.”
Ideal Enemy will be uploaded at some point in the next fortnight, so look out for it, and hopefully Ideal Uncle will be uploaded too. Thanks for your continued support and please check me out on other social media, I have dedicated a thread to this fic on twitter, there are pictures and snippets, comments and just little things that have happened, will happen or might happen.
“Mother will be thrilled,” Sherlock said as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. “It’s the kind of sentimental drivel she loves.”
Mycroft frowned into his tea. He knew about Sherlock’s visit two days ago but hadn’t the chance to see his younger brother or his parents since. He put his cup back in the saucer and placed it on the table in front of him, keeping one leg crossed elegantly over the other. “In my defence, it was Sherlock’s place to tell you. I did offer but he insisted on informing you himself.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes peering outside of the door. The street was isolated, not a person in sight apart from someone climbing out of a cab a few metres down the street and a few cars passing.
“I will take her home the moment the phone rings and I talk to him, you can arrange the meeting points and ransom drop, and I won’t come back until you call me.” Sherlock promised, grey eyes unwavering.
“Don’t give me that, she doesn’t want me, she wants you, so either you can take her or we can continue this with her crying the entire time.”
Hello again, I finally managed to get a chapter together. It's short and sweet. I promise that there will be more soon now that I'm on Easter break - I'm going to finish planning the entire fic and then get writing the chapters so I have them ready to update in advance. I've been meaning to do this for ages but work has kept me so busy that it's kinda taken a back seat. But, there are only 44 more chapters till this fic is done. Do you think I could do a chapter a week? Maybe more during breaks like this when I don't have work, if so, this fic will be done in no time.
Doctor Clarke jumped to his feet and climbed into the ambulance. The two paramedics moved aside to let Sherlock climb inside. He sat on the gurney and lowered Maeve from his chest, allowing her to lay in his arms. The doctor’s hands skimmed over her pink arms and legs before he looked up at Sherlock. The consulting detective understood immediately and looked at John. The ex-army doctor nodded and helped him to strip her of her clothes. When she was wearing only her nappy the doctor continued his examination of her.
“I do not need your help.” Sherlock sneered, dropping his arms and taking a step closer to his mother.
Violet was stood in the middle, talking down to the photographer about what she wanted while the woman, a young woman with fiery red in a French plait and a large tattoo across her right shoulder revealed by her black racerback vest top. She was listening intently but obviously, regretting asking the question ‘what do you want?’ to the older woman.
“Just remember,” Sherlock whispered to Maeve as they approached the ballroom. “Your grandmother loves you, she just gets fussy at this kind of events.”
“Do you see that?” Claire asked. She was reclined on the sofa, top rolled up and round belly exposed, glistening with the latest anti-stretchmark cream she had brought.
Sherlock frowned and looked down at the sleeping child on his chest. Siger took pity on him and answered, “She’d sleep through a bomb, might as well bring her down where we can watch her.”
“Soft” Sherlock repeated with a huff. He did not like that description at all, it was almost as bad as cute.
“I hate you.” He told her with no real bite. He sighed and crossed the room to stand in front of her, he ran his hand over Maeve’s head. Her eyes opened slowly and she yawned against his mother’s neck. He craned his neck and placed a single kiss atop of her head and looked up at his mother through his lashes. “Take care of her.”
“How did you get her back down then?” John asked, yawing against his pale chest as Maeve shifted with Sherlock’s help to the middle of his chest and reached out towards the army doctor, jerkily grabbing at his face.
“That’s on the list,” Mycroft admitted, shedding his jacket and unbuttoning his waistcoat. “I have to somehow make my home suitable to house a new-born baby for the night and care for her the entire time, I have been assured babies eat little and frequently, so I need clean, sterilised bottles. I have to push back my entire week, well, the foreseeable future and somehow add a baby to my already very busy schedule. I have three meetings tomorrow and a lunch with Lady Smallwood before meeting with the prime minister, all of which I can no longer attend. My paperwork will have to be fit in between looking after my daughter. Not to mention I have to somehow tell our parents that I’ve been omitting the truth for nine months and am now a father, a single father, it will be hours before they descend.”
“Yes, when I have set up her Moses basket in my bedroom along with anything else that she may need. I have acquired a few different chairs for her but they also need to be set up.”
John nodded. Maeve whined again and he twisted her around, so that her body was pressed against his chest and her head on his shoulder she immediately grabbed onto his t-shirt and started mouthing the fabric. He finally responded. “That’s good.”
John didn’t respond, instead he stepped closer to get a better look at Maeve. She was crying against Sherlock’s neck, tears streaming down her cheeks and his neck. There were wet mark on his shirt, not that he cared at this moment, it was far more important to calm Maeve down.
John pulled the infant to his chest as he placed her coat on the chair opposite Mycroft’s desk. He had taken the hat off as per Sherlock’s request but the outfit remained. “Not at all.”
He stepped around the table so that he was closer to her. “I should clean it now, that’s what John would do.”
The door creaked open to reveal Anthea, she nodded in silent greeting and stepped aside to reveal Sherlock with a purple pram that he assumed contained his niece. He looked up to watch them enter, not who he was expecting to see today. He sighed. “Sherlock, I’m busy.”
Sherlock sighed at the disruption and twisted his neck to place a kiss on Maeve’s head, she squirmed some more and growled.
“Don’t bother.” Sherlock replied in a bored tone. He sat beside John on the sofa, careful to not disturb the cat on his legs. Jade opened her eyes and looked up at the consulting detective for a moment before stretching and standing up. She licked her paw for a moment and shook her head to wake up. She then decided it was time to move and jumped across onto the desk and began staring out of the window.
Then he got up and changed into a pair of black swimming trunks and changed Maeve into a new swimming costume, it was black and yellow striped with a small ruffle shirt around the waist. He rubbed sun cream into both her skin and her, then picked her and placed her on his hip.
“I’ll escort her home personally,” Mycroft shifted some important looking papers into order and placed them in a perfect pile as he stood up. John kissed Maeve on the cheek and passed her over the desk to her uncle.
She was lain on her stomach on her tummy time mat in front of the arch Sherlock had created, wearing nothing but a nappy with a legless and sleeveless baby grow over the top. Her blue eyes were wide and curious, stuck on him until she dropped her gaze back down to the colourful mat and gently lowered her head, face turned to the side to look at Sherlock. Her hair was longer now, not by much, and curling at the ends.
Sherlock used the back of his free hand to check her temperature, pressing it gently against her forehead. “A little clammy.” He announced and walked over to the desk fan. He sat on the edge of the coffee table, moving Maeve onto his lap and waited until the fan blew cold air over them. Maeve jerked and looked up at him, gurgling. “Shhh.” He hushed gently.
“John.” Mycroft greeted with a slight but firm nod of his head. He folded the newspaper and placed it on the counter.
“Of course.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, crouching down and scooping his daughter from his brother’s arms. He kept her head supported as he turned her into her early position, up and resting against his chest. Maeve’s head leaning against his shirt and looking at his neck once more. “Allow me to introduce you to Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes.”
“I really couldn’t” Sherlock argued, eyes fixed to the screen as his daughter slept. A tiny figure on his bed with pillows either side of her delicate body. “She’s innocent, completely innocent. She didn’t chose her parents and she didn’t chose to be abandoned, she is completely reliant on me and somehow she’s managed to something that I didn’t think was possible anymore. She’s wormed her way into my heart, she already had my mind but my heart, that’s hers.”
He picked up a small torch and shone it into Maeve's eyes, she widened her eyes in response and quickly shut them, moving her head to the side and away from the onslaught on light as he face scrunched up in displeasure.
Maeve's been kidnapped and everyone is left reeling. Mycroft does everything in his power to help his baby brother and try to get his niece back unharmed. Help comes from an unlikely source.
“She’s fine” Greg spoke above the crying as he rocked his body in an attempt to comfort the distraught child.
“That was disgusting,” John announced as he strolled into the living room with Maeve in his arms. From his expression, one might think he’d just returned from a particularly gruesome crime scene and not changing his daughter’s nappy.
Mycroft stopped on the threshold. The barrier across the door was closed and inside the room his brother was sat reading the paper with his daughter on his lap, chewing on a soft toy. She was so absorbed in it she didn’t even notice him. John looked up from his laptop with a small smile.
“Yes” John smiled smugly, he knew that Sherlock was out of his depth when it came to emotions and was trying.
“Maeve is a brilliant conductor of light and without her near you struggle to think” John said as though he was reciting a script, he stopped the moment Sherlock glared and corrected. “No, sorry, you struggle to access your mind palace correctly when she is not near you.”
Victor gave a slow nod. “I have no idea whether she’s pursing me or my work. I tend to deal with very expensive exhibits, it’s entirely possible, I think.”
“Has it gone to yours?” Sherlock raised his eyebrows and craned his neck to look at his elder brother.
“Are you boys out today?” Mrs Hudson asked. She’d settled Maeve into her bouncy chair and was watching her from the sofa.
They were making their way through the park, Sherlock pushing the trolley and John a little closer than strictly necessary. For a thin guy Sherlock was really emulating some heat. If Sherlock noticed, which he did, he noticed everything, he didn’t say anything. He just let the smaller army doctor walk briskly by his side, their arms brushing every so often.
Sherlock tore his gaze away from the screen and shot the detective inspector an antagonised look, his stormy eyes wavering between hurt and pure misery. Mycroft inhaled sharply.
Mycroft paused at the sight, his brother was lain out on the bed on his side, body angled towards his sleeping daughter. She was holding one of his long finger and his other hand absentmindedly running over her shoulder and down her arm. He was in his mind palace, completely focused on something else but he was completely aware that Maeve was there.
Sherlock slid a hand underneath his daughter to rest on her bum, careful to avoid her legs and scooped her up. He held her close to his one large hand on her bottom and the other cradling her head. She continued to cry into his neck tears wetting his skin as she screamed. He watched her cautiously and jiggled her in an attempt to calm her, pressing his lips against her forehead. The soft dark hairs tickled his nose reassuringly.
“Come on,” Greg grabbed John by the shoulder and ushered him towards the kitchen, “when he needs you, he’ll let you know.”
Sherlock stepped further into the room and dodged the question, “I fed her before I left, she slept the entire time, she could do with another hour, at most, no more, or the rest of her sleeps will be compromised, and she won’t sleep at night.”
“If you had something interesting to say, perhaps I would listen,” Sherlock informed them in a velvety tone.
“You hardly have to ask.” Sherlock drawled. He unstrapped Maeve and slowly picked her up, careful to support her sleeping head and body in both of his large hands. Her face scrunched up in the adorable way it always did when someone or something disturbed her sleep. He positioned her in his favourite way and she sighed in her sleep against his neck, a clear sign that she wasn’t ready to wake anytime soon.
“You can continue to investigate me,” he interjected, gesturing wildly with one arm. “But you keep your distance, Sherlock. And I’ll keep mine.”
Sherlock stepped fully into the room and allowed his eyes to sweep over John, generously, he paused on his partners face and said, voice low. “You look good.”
“Ignore him, he’s grumpy” John informed them all, crossing one leg over the other and placing his hands atop of his knees.
“Reschedule?” Sherlock asked, hopefully. He hated to admit it but his brother’s help was appreciated and he wanted her to be part of her life.
He placed her on the bed and selected a simple baby-grow for the rest of the day, at least she could also sleep in it if she didn’t get messy again. When she was completely dry, moisturised and dress, he set about dressing himself. He pulled on a pair of maroon pyjama bottoms and a top, plain white, inside out of course before picking her up again. Maeve’s hair was beginning to dry. The dark strands were still short but beginning to curl. His own hair was what his brother would call ‘a mop’ - it was wet but beginning to take form into its usual curls, without intervention it would dry in a frizz, messy and without proper definition. He also picked up his hairbrush before moving back into the sitting room.
In all seriousness, thank you to those that left comments on the last chapter and read it. I did promise that I'd try to do better, this is me trying. I hope you enjoy this chapter. It was actually kinda effortless once I started, I enjoy that when I'm writing. Let me know what you think in the comments below. I love hearing from you all.
Sherlock swivelled around on his chair to face the auburn haired man and placed his hands onto his knees, he raised an eyebrow, “Therefore she cannot comprehend the milestones that you have read about.”
Sherlock frowned and looked up at his brother, surprised by the sudden expression of concern. “Fine.”
“Piss off.” He snapped. The grey haired man immediately recognised his mistake and pursed his lips, chocolate eyes moving to Sherlock who looked like he normally did, rather serious with his lips pressed in a thin line.
Sherlock huffed a breath and glanced over to the pram by the doors, Maeve was sleeping soundly and completely unaware of the scene change. Molly Hooper was lingering between the body and the pram, trying to keep an eye on him while watching Maeve sleep. She was wearing a hideous oatmeal cardigan with flowers and cut off chinos, her dark blonde hair typed back in a plait that was hooked over one shoulder.
“Anything interesting?” Siger asked, though he wasn’t fond of his son’s chosen career he was a fan of mystery novels, especially crime fiction.
Sherlock recognised this. But it was better to just admit it. “The women you date are insipid, I demand you stop.”
“Sherlock Holmes” John told them, picking up his beer and taking a sip of it. He had, of course expected this but didn't think it would be happening quite so soon in the evening.
“Thank you.” Sherlock said, he kissed John quickly and then did the same to Maeve, gently kissing her forehead as she slept.
Maeve looked refreshed from the swim and shower, pale skin glowing a healthy pink and blue eyes bright, long dark eyelashes fluttering against her skin delicately as she caught sight of herself in the mirror. Her own hair was dark, black like his from being wet but drying quickly, the thin strands dusting her head attempting to curl but still too short.
“Her mind is like a sponge, constantly absorbing information.” He said as though it were the most obvious thing, he turned back to the window and jiggled it.
A few moments later his brother appeared in the doorway, his grey eyes flicking critically over the room and settling on his brother, they softened but remained critical. He was dressed to his usual standard in a dark blue three-piece suit.
“You wanted to keep her safe,” his father settled on the sofa beside his wife with a lopsided smile.
“I gather Mycroft has told you everything relevant.” He interrupted, swaying slightly to keep his daughter happy while she mouthed at his clean throat. “I do not understand why you needed to come all this way.”
“It is my belief-” Mycroft began, a knock at the door interrupted him and he stopped, closing his mouth and turning towards the door.
Maeve squealed, less than thrilled that his full attention was not on her and he shifted, lifting her further up his torso and mumbling, “yeah, I know, you need all of my attention.”
Sherlock nodded and rose to his feet. “Can you dress her? And locate my papoose, Mrs Hudson’s tidied.”
“Yes,” he ran his hand down her back in a gesturing that was equally comforting to him and her. “Uncle Mycroft is very naughty, but its ok, you’ve got daddy to look after you.”
“Of course you don’t,” his mother defended as she turned towards another guest and struck up a conversation.
“You finished it all,” she told him with a raised eyebrow as she organised the living room for him, “but I just put another one of your favourites in the oven.”
“Alright?” John asked, corners of his mouth tugging up in amusement. He then looked up at the wall and sighed, there pictures, articles and data tacked up everywhere – all information about babies. He didn’t comment on it.
“It was a slow day, Sarah sent me home early, told me to give Maeve this.” He produced a small teddy from behind his back, it was a blue dolphin that fit perfectly inside his palm. “She’s going to pop round tomorrow and give Maeve the once over.”
The phone rang and Sherlock’s head jerked towards it. His eyes narrowed in confusion and he picked it up.
The pram was already set up in the hallway ready for him. He placed her gently inside and tucked her underneath the blanket, hand lingering for a moment before pulling back. “Come on you little terror, the game is on.”
“I’m not and it was barely a scratch,” Sherlock assured him, turning his attention to the other’s situated around the table, his tone light and slightly mocking. “He worries.”
“We have this footage from the end of the street,” Anthea announced. She clicked play and the large screen opposite the consulting detective lit up, the camera was positioned at the end of the street and showed, when zoomed in, the old terraced house with a silver BMW parked outside. The young officer was stood at the car, lent against it with his head occasionally turning and checking on the baby in the back.
John snorted and unlocked the phone. The pictures were already open and indeed Maeve was smiling, her small mouth forming a cheeky grin. He swiped through the photo’s there were about twenty all of him trying to capture her smiling and being rather unsuccessful in most. “Adorable.” John concluded.
He moved slightly and instructed them all on what happened next in the proceedings; Sherlock, Greg and Molly all drew a cross on Maeve’s forehead with the water and repeated the following words. The former with great difficulty as he maneuvered Maeve to rest on one arm for the moment, with Greg steadying her with his hands. “In the name of the Father; of the Son; and the Holy Spirit; Amen.”
“Yes, we have, I’m not saying that we should have children, or that I even want them, I have children, beautiful children.” Greg told him, “I was just wondering if it was something that you’d thought about.”
“She’s not the only one, apparently.” Sherlock said pointedly, placing a sleeping Maeve in her Moses basket. He took care to avoid the cat sleeping at the end. Jade opened one eye and then closed it again, ascertaining that there was no threat to herself or Maeve.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and pulled his lips into a thin line, a look of fake modesty that said he wasn’t at all surprised. Maeve babbled loudly on the floor. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and dropped to the floor. “Yes, thank you, that’s quite enough, daddy’s working, so quiet…please.”
“Louise exhibits the classic signs of narcissism as defined by Hotchkiss as Shamelessness, magical thinking, arrogance, and envy, sense of entitlement, exploitation and lack of boundaries.” Sherlock illuminated. “Louise feels debased by Amanda and felt the need to relieve her own low self-esteem by degrading her sister and reflating her ego. She has a feeling of superiority that Amanda challenged with her ‘perfect’ life and the sense of entitlement she feels means this was perceived as an attack on her authority and superiority.”
It has come to my attention that this story may resemble another and though I can understand where they see the similarities but most are coincidences that I have done for a reason and you can asked me about them if you like, I welcome all types of curiosity. The series 'Intentions' by KeelieThompson1 share a trope with this fic. I must admit that this series of fics is a favorite of mine that I find myself often coming back to for an evening read. I believe in credit where credit is due but as pointed out by DaringD there are alot of differences, the stories share only a trope. 'Ideal Father' was not directly inspired or shaped by the work of KeelieThompson1 but i can understand how it may seem that way to others. I want there to be no ill-feelings that leave this fic feeling 'tainted'.
“I haven’t got all day Sherlock.” Mycroft told him, keeping his voice light. “We have things to do.”
Sherlock crossed the kitchen and picked up the bottle. John turned towards him, face almost in crook of Sherlock’s neck like Maeve on his opposite side. “You smell different.”
"That's fine" John declared with a smile. He proceeded to check her ears, which were fine then retrieved his stethoscope, he warmed it in his hand before placing it on her bare chest, just above her tiny pink nipple. She reached for it and ended up grabbing John's hands and resting them there as he listened to her heartbeat for a moment. "Sounds good."
Lestrade met them at the corner with a small smile and lead them towards his office. “Good to see you.”
“Where’s he going?” Greg asked and John looked worried but calm enough to give his partner some space.
“Well then introductions” Sherlock cleared his throat awkwardly, “Detective Inspector Dimmock, this is my daughter Maeve Holmes.”
There was an extensive amount of this he would need for her. The spare bedroom upstairs would have to be converted into a nursery, he’d have to ask Mrs Hudson in the morning while informing her that she had a new tenant that was a baby. She’d stay in his room for now, for the first few months at least, he needed a Moses basket and a cot for his room. It was in pristine order but the rest of the house would have to be cleaned and made safe for her.
He handed her over to the consulting detective who had no choice but to take her, his frown deepened but Maeve smiled and moved towards his face as he brought her closer. He turned his face and allowed her to maul or kiss, his cheek. There was a trail of saliva left in her wake. He placed her on his chest, hand running down her back and over the small ridges of her spine. “Thank you.”
The consulting detective reached into the pram and lifted his sleeping daughter out with great care. She frowned in her sleep, fists curling up as he placed her against his chest with her head angled towards his neck. Greg passed him the pale yellow blanket and after draping it over her small form, Sherlock stepped towards the house. He paused to allow Greg to pass and lead him inside.
She ducked away again and once again his attention was on his daughter. “Maeve” He exhaled. She was on the verge of sleeping again, fighting against waking up. Her nose scrunched up again, it was becoming his favourite expression of hers. So much so, that he took out his phone and took a picture, adorable. He the phone, he paid little attention to the barista’s return, she left the bottle on the table and went away.
Sherlock’s head shot up like a dog hearing the word ‘squirrel’, he looked appalled at the thought and turned on his brother and John. “Flowers?” he exclaimed, louder than necessary, “flowers?”
“I won’t let her out of my sight” Mycroft assured him. He understood immediately what his younger brother was trying to say and nodded.
John gave him a ‘of course you’re right’ look. And finished with the cream. He picked her up, leaving the towel wrapped her around the bottom half of her body and placing her in a sitting position on his lap, staring out at Sherlock. He lent down and kissed the top of her head.
"Hardly" Sherlock scoffed, he nodded his head towards Maeve. The evidence that he was not only not a virgin but a fully functioning human being, something that others had doubted for so long.
"She can sit in her chair John, while we eat." Sherlock told him, eyes flicking to the bouncy beige be chair they often sat Maeve in and then, back to the blonde. It wasn't a suggestion.
“I’m your babysitter.” John groaned as Sherlock stood up and handed John the toy, he took Sherlock’s place lent against the wall, foot resting on the pram as he looked in on Maeve.
Anthea opened the front door and stepped aside allowing Sherlock and Maeve entrance into the house. He strode down the hallway, pausing in the entryway to the living room before continuing. The consulting detective mumbled something about a bath and hurried upstairs. John raised an eyebrow and Mycroft gestured towards the kitchen as Anthea shut the door and begun on the stairs, pausing and waiting for her boss.
“Thank you.” He told her. He lent down and took her small fist into his mouth, licking it clean of any cream and jam that she’d managed to pick up.
“Sherlock,” John stepped in, literally getting up and stepping towards the consulting detective, “Mycroft meant nothing by what he said, he just wants to get this over and done with, like you. So, please, go and play nice for half an hour.”
GUYS, I don't want to scare you but there's only 36 chapter left until this fic is over and done with, I'm actually getting a little bit emotional about all of this. It's so close to the end, yet so far.
Silvia gushed over John and Maeve the moment they were home. She went to make tea but was intercepted by Mrs Hudson who insisted on making it himself after introductions were made. They sat in the longue, John in his armchair, and his parents on the sofa with the news on in the background.
The sight was quite becoming. He took a moment to take a picture of the pair, Sherlock would moan about it later but he knew the consulting detective would be thankful. He liked pictures and would want everything he possibly could to do with Maeve documented.
“I’ll just put a nappy on her.” John forced a smile. He went into the bedroom, put some cream and a nappy on her but left her undressed, it was too warm for clothes. He quickly pulled on a pair of jeans and a pyjama top before walking back into the kitchen.
Claire shrugged and stabbed a piece of cucumber with her fork. “I don’t think it will ever be too early to learn how to push a baby-”
She carried on crying. He could never settle Sherlock down at times like these, his daughter he imagined would be equally as challenging. Violet was always good in these moments.
Finally a chapter, it seems like ages has pasted since I posted. I wrote this while on holiday but have been super busy with moving into my new house and the start of uni but it is here at last, I hope it meets expectations and as consolation, I have planned a lot more chapters. This is only the beginning.
Dimmock nodded and barked out some orders at the officers before turning back to the consulting detective. “Thank you.”
Mycroft closed the file and placed it atop of the desk beside him, hesitating and glanced at Anthea. She was already on her phone, pretending to be occupied and unaware of the conversation. She was rather good at that. “No. It is no use worrying them unnecessarily.”
Sherlock stopped immediately and looked at the ground as though he was embarrassed with himself. He wasn’t.
Siger nodded his head and Violet glanced in the direction. Sherlock and John were crossing the road, Maeve cradled to his chest in a light purple sling and the army doctor pushing the purple pram along. They looked happy, their son focused completely on the blonde like it was the most important thing on earth as they exchanged a smile. His eyes then flicked to them, noticing how they were sat in the window and his jaw tightened.
“Did he do this often?” John asked placing his tea cup back onto the tray and picking up one of Mrs Hudson’s cakes with a soft smile in her direction before he focused back on Mycroft, he clarified, “Sherlock, did he disappear much as a kid?”
John winced as Maeve reached up and pulled at his greying hair. “For the record you were never alone.”
“Nope,” Sherlock answered quickly, “it’s not easy to keep a two month old entertained for this long.”
John sat on the toilet, lid down, wearing only a pair of loose tartan boxers (which he usually reserved for sleeping) with Maeve sat on his lap, wearing nothing. He jiggled his good leg up and down, rocking her slightly as he watched the bath fill. There were bubbles, not a large amount and the sweet scent of her bubble bath filled the room.
Sherlock marched over to the consulting criminal. Mycroft looked taken back but followed, a few paces behind his brother. The younger Holmes stopped directly in front of the smaller man, ignoring the amused smile that settled on his face in favour of his daughter. He raised a hand and let it hover over her back.
Howard sputtered, coughing up blood that spattered over the floor and dribbled lazily down his chin as he continued to struggle for breath. Sherlock remained unmoved eyes fixed on Louise and calculating his precise next movements. Maeve was screaming now, Sherlock’s heart panged at the sound of her discomfort now manifesting in her screams of panic. She’d never been left alone for so long when upset, he was attentive to all her needs and would respond immediately to her cries of discomfort.
“Well, she does seem a bit paranoid but I thought it was better to be safe. She thinks it’s her ex-boyfriend trying to poison her but I’ve run a check and he seems to be clean.”
“Stupid animal.” He muttered under his breath and turned to face the room. Maeve was cradled in one arm, his other hand resting on her stomach, she held onto it with both fists.
“To get jealous?” John supplied. He chuckled. “Don’t worry, he may be a pretty boy but I know you better than he does, remember? I’m not jealous of Victor, I promise.”
“Quite.” Mycroft agreed and walked towards his niece. He dropped into a crouch in front of her and with a smile, he shifted her position so that she was on her belly on the floor. In this position, she could move easier.
Carol and David exchanged a glance. David answered. “Louise was always…harder to deal with, she required a lot more attention.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but shrugged. He sprung to his feet in a moment and held out the necklace. Maeve eyed him suspiciously. Sherlock gave her a stern ‘do as you’re told’ look and fastened the necklace around her neck. It was tight, not tight enough that she would choke herself with it, but tight enough that she wouldn’t catch it on anything, hanging about an inch or so under her chin. She tried and failed to look at the necklace. Sherlock took pity on her and showed her the bracelet. Her eyes widened curiously and she reached out for the bracelet, small fingers catching the small beads. She looked up at Sherlock, as though for permission, he smiled and she continued to finger the bracelet, eyes flicking back to watch.
Mycroft peered inside the carrier bag. A sigh escaped his lips. The bag contained a gift, a small hat which was now commonly known as a ‘Sherlock Holmes hat’. It had a small Velcro strap to secure it to an infant's head. It was utterly ridiculous.
“Are you ok?” John asked, he placed the car seat on the floor at the end of the bed and rushed to his partner’s side. His newly free hand went to rest beneath Maeve.
“Well, in that case,” John smiled, running his hands up the consulting detectives pale arms. “Good morning.”
She was wearing a simple pair of light grey, almost white, trousers with bees on and a matching top that said ‘the bee’s knees’. An outfit John had brought but Sherlock wholeheartedly approved of.
John choked on his drink and coughed loudly, drawing the attention of the other guests. He placed his hand over his mouth, taking deep breaths and managed to stop coughing. He focused on Sherlock and wheezed. “What?”
“I am.” He picked up the bottle. It was the correct temperature, the nurse had checked and he had done so afterward, memorising it for future use.
“Agree to disagree.” A knowing voice said from the doorway. Greg turned to face Mycroft, stood tall with his arms over his chest, and smiled. He wore a black pinstripe suit and white shirt.
And with that he stormed from the room, down the hallway and into the bedroom, the door slammed shut.
The next half an hour passed in simple silence, posing for photos – none of which Sherlock smiled for – and following the direction of the photographer.
“Yeah, she’s done.” John told him. Sherlock pulled her up and John took away the muslin. Violet handed the consulting detective a wipe and Sherlock dabbed at the sick around her mouth.
Sherlock looked down at his daughter, her head was against his collarbone looking up at him, lip quivering slightly and she whined. “Aww, you don’t want to go to sleep, is that it?” Maeve whined again, distressed.
“I thought it best not to involve her in my work.” Sherlock frowned and sighed, confessing. “She has been restless and John, my companion, is attempting to get her to sleep.”
"This looks good" John said out loud, more out of habit than anything else. Sherlock understood wounds unlike his usual patients that he would have to keep informed on every detail.
“No, I will visit between then and be available at times for when you need a babysitter, as will Gregory. But Wednesdays will be set up for me to see her, in case I do not get the chance.”
Andrews stepped out of the kitchen and looked up at Sherlock. His eyes widened in something closely resembling shock and worry but quickly settled into relief. He nodded politely and walked down the hallway towards the back of the house. The consulting detective watched him and stepped down onto the floor. He proceeded towards the kitchen and paused in the doorway.
“She’s fine.” Sherlock declared, changing the subject and broaching the elephant in the room, “slight raised temperature, irritability and holding a grudge.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but stepped in beside his landlady, she closed the door behind them. He informed her. “I brought dinner.”
“How would you know?” John questioned, raising an eyebrow at him. It reminded him of the moment in Buckingham palace when Mycroft had questioned his being alarmed at sex. He narrowed his eyes at the shorter man.
” He could practically hear the raised eyebrow. There was a continuous shuffling of clothes that suggested he was bouncing Maeve up and down with one hand while holding the phone with his other.
It was a regular sized sky blue house with a white door in a row of similarly light painted house, whites, pinks and yellows. John smiled, squeezed his knee over the carseat between them and climbed out of the cab. Sherlock took a steadying breath and looked down at his daughter, she was awake and clearly not happy about it. Her lip jutted out and her forehead was creased.
“Family? When was the last Christmas you spent with your family?” John deadpanned as he walked back into the room with two teas, not the coffee that Sherlock had demanded upon entering the flat.
“Wait,” John picked up the newspaper from the top of the pile that Mrs Hudson had left on the coffee table, and pointed to the front page, “Are we talking about this case?”
He stopped a few paces in front of her and watched as she noticed his expensive shoes on the road that she was engrossed in and her eyes darted to him, completely alert and curious. Sherlock feigned an expression of shock, mouth opening into a large O shape, and was resulted with the most wonderful and unexpected reaction, a toothless grin followed by a delightful giggle. It was a beautiful sound lasting only a few seconds that brought a smile of astonishment, pride and happiness to her father’s face.
Sherlock smirked and stroked down her back again, she wriggled under his hand and lifted her head as he stroked over the soft hairs like a cat following the hand of its owner. “She is content.”
When he was satisfied, he lent back slightly, her small body reclining against his so that she was angled away as he cupped water and rinsed her hair of the product. She jerked for the first few seconds before stopping, and allowing him to wash out the product, it was the easier option but she made warning sounds as though she were going to cry any moment if he didn’t stop soon. The product was rinsed out completely, so Sherlock moved forward slightly, away from the back of the bath. He gently washed Maeve’s face with some water, then preceded to clean her with a small soft sponge. To finish, he stood up and wrapped Maeve in a towel before placing her in her bouncy chair, then he washed his own hair, careful to keep an eye on her. Afterwards, he stepped out of the bath, dry himself quickly and pulled on his beige robe. He tied it carefully and took Maeve into the bedroom through the adjoining door.
“But he’s never shown any inclination…” Violet trailed off, looking to Siger for help but he was just looking at the photo on Mycroft’s phone once more, eyes fixed to the picture of his son and granddaughter.
“That’s exactly what Mycroft is for.” Sherlock responded. He shifted, holding Maeve away from his body at a small distance, holding her head in one hand and tiny body in the other. He smiled at her as she gurgled, blue eyes flicking over his hairline and eyebrows.
Victor snorted and argued, “I wouldn’t phrase it quite like that and Emily was far from perfect, the painting isn’t yet finished so you wouldn’t know but she’s rather normal, I wanted to capture that.”
Sherlock was hunched over a microscope while Molly flicked through the case file that Sherlock had looked at then throw carelessly aside, she was careful not to wake the baby sleeping in the pram beside him.
The auburn haired man’s head snapped up at the sound of his own name, he looked between his parents and then back down at the child in his arms. “He does have a point.”
Maeve attempted to stuff her fist into her mouth, dribble running down her chin as she gurgled around her hand.
“Not long now.” Doctor Green beamed, her hands roaming over Clair’s exposed midsection, which resembled, to put it delicately, a watermelon. The skin, red and raw from stretching, was smooth and littered with marks.
“I’m working a case.” He told her, looking at the ground as if ashamed. “John is working and Mycroft busy, I can’t ask Mrs Hudson and it isn’t an option that I take her with me.”
Sherlock sighed melodramatically and jumped up into a crouched position, resting on his lower legs and feet as though he was praying, and reached out for Maeve. She lifted her head and smiled, gummy mouth open and started squirming in anticipation. He placed his hands under her arms and lifted, careful not to hit her head on the arches of the mat, and brought her close to his chest. She squirmed and sighed, content.
Mycroft wearing a navy blue suit with light pinstripes, a pale blue shirt and darker tie. His auburn hair brushed back neatly and pale skin shimmering in the light through the windows. Greg was dressed down, wearing a pair of dark blue jeans and a short sleeved top, no jacket. He has a large grin plastered on his face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and stood up, brining Maeve with him. He was holding her against his body, her back against his torso with a hand between her legs and his arm holding her firmly. His mother stopped in the doorway and broke into a grin. “Sherlock.” She stepped into the room and kissed her son on the cheek.
“Not quite sure, they’re erratic but there’s no sign that he fought back. We’ll see more in the autopsy.”
They fed the cat on the small breakfast bar. It a precautionary measure; once Maeve was able to move around on her own, she would be able to reach the food and possibly eat it, instead they would get Jade into a routine from the start. The cat gobbled down the food in the small pink ceramic bowl, occasionally pausing to look up at the two men in the kitchen or lick her lips.
National Gallery, this could be interesting he thought to himself. “We can be there within the hour, don’t let anyone contaminate the scene and clear it for potentially harmful and dangerous toxins.”
The monitor crackled faintly in the background, unnoticeable to most but not to him. He could even make out the soft sound of breathing, Maeve was fine then, sleeping soundly and completely unaware of what was happening.
Maeve was resting in his arms, looking outwards as he held her with one strong arm against her torso and the other was hooked beneath her legs, putting her in an upright sitting position. She wore a simple but beautiful dress made from ruby red fabric. The top was designed to mimic the pattern of roses and reached to the middle of her stomach, there was a sliver of golden fabric designed to look as though it were a belt and the skirt, made of tulle in the same rich red colour, was a glittering layered skirt that reached just above her ankles in this position. Her feet were clad in a pair of gold glittery shoes with elastic fastenings to keep them on, beneath them she wore a pair of white socks with lace trim. The outfit was tied together by a simple headband of gold fabric made to mimic a fig leaf crown.
Violet stepped aside to let him pass through the doorway and followed him. “And how exactly am I spoiling your Christmas?”
He leaned over and kissed the consulting detective on the cheek. Sherlock was frozen for a moment. They continued walking. “We’ll need to discuss.” His eyes flicked to Maeve, John nodded.
Sherlock hummed in response and offered his daughter the last spoonful of food. Without asking, John unstrapped and picked up the baby so that she was sat on his lap, his hand beneath his chin and began rubbing her back in the patient manner they always did after she’d eaten a meal. It wasn’t the same as milk but it helped with any wind. When he was satisfied that she was fine he took the bottle from Sherlock, it was merely a top up after her food but she accepted the teat and started drink.
John raised an eyebrow challengingly, he was more amused with the sudden turn around than annoyed, he knew exactly what he was getting himself into when he and Sherlock got together.
Sherlock nodded and looked down at his daughter. She was sprawled out on his chest with her head in the centre, mouth open and a patch of dribble forming on the silk. Her cheeks were rosy and her breathing even.
The consulting detective was currently stood on top of the changing station, one foot on the window ledge, attempting to for some unknown reason, test the window.
“Sherlock,” John said softly, not wanting to shock him from his thoughts too violently. “Do you want me to stay with her?”
Mrs Hudson took Maeve from John and the blonde. Sherlock pulled on his shirt and dressing gown, turning back to the mirror. They had a case to solve after all, they would leave once John was dressed, they had tea and Maeve was fed, again. It seemed to be all she did, eat and sleep. Not that he was surprised, just annoyed. He wanted to see some more important milestones.
So, I want to set myself a kind of deadline to get this done by June, if not sooner. What do you think? Think I can do it?
Mycroft paused in the threshold, halted by the sight of the flat in complete disarray, more so than usual. The chairs had been pushed to the fireplace and the coffee table moved onto the sofa. A blanket was on the floor with a mountain of pillows. John was in his chair, watching his boyfriend and daughter with a fond expression. Sherlock was lain on his back, his shirt open, pale chest glistening. Maeve was beside him on her front wearing only a nappy, her eyes fixed on her daddy, hands fisted in his shirt. She was gurgling enthusiastically, dribble running down her face.
Sherlock smiled gleefully in response and practically hopped over to his daughter. She jerked around to look at him and kicked her legs in excitement.
“Good.” Sherlock exclaimed. He allowed Greg to take her from him, peeling her off of his chest and disappearing into his bedroom.
He narrowed his eyes and continued warily on his path not wanting to be caught off guard. He stopped once more as he reached the doorway to the hallway and glanced over the kitchen-
The party was all Sherlock feared it would be; an excuse to get drunk. There was a punch that was being drained rather quickly despite the early hour and people were chatting loudly, some were even singing along to the disturbing Halloween playlist that had been selected. Sherlock was stood near Lestrade’s office eagerly awaiting his chance to leave as John told a joke that he’d picked up in the army to a group of rowdy detectives. He occasionally glanced over his shoulder at the consulting detective as though he was scared that he was just going to disappear.
Maeve’s eyes flicked up to Sherlock and then back to the spoon in her mouth, eyes crossing slightly. Her expression shifted slightly, still unsure. Sherlock pulled the spoon out, carefully, slowly, dipping it to ensure that she got all of the baby rice and held the spoon in the air while he watched her intently. Her mouth beginning the chewing motions, not that she really needed to chew it, and she looked vaguely pleased with herself.
“My daughter is sleeping, I need you to watch her.” He informed the young officer, eyes scanning over him in what was clearly his ‘I’m deducing the crap out of you’ look.
“Do you want to know the sex?” Claire asked. They were sat in his office just before their second scan,Mycroft had been too busy to attend the first, a crisis in Russia that had required his immediate attention.
Mycroft shot a look at his brother and wiggled Maeve out the remainder of the harness before settling her to rest against his chest, her head lolling against him as her lips parted and she exhaled.
“Good, keep the door open and do not touch her unless she starts crying, if she does have an officer collect me and I will come straight out, do not leave her alone for a second.”
The consulting detective was sat on a hospital bed with his daughter in his arms, feeding her the bottle that the nurse had prepared. He looked up at the blonde in surprise and repeated. “We?”
The three men were chatting with the newly arrived Mrs Hudson when he strolled back in and plopped into his chair, leaving the screen on the table beside him.
Sherlock was pained to admit it but something pulled inside of him at the sound of his mother’s voice. He always had a soft spot for her, like she had for him as a child. “Fine.”
They stayed like that for five minutes, enjoying the muffled silence of the bathroom, one hand linked and the other, holding her stomach to keep her upright while she played with the sponge with her free hand, fingers squeezing the pink sponge, as she watched, fascinated. Maeve was not crying anymore but every so often she released a soft whine or whimper in pain.
“Focus.” Mycroft snapped and Sherlock’s eyes widened. The elder Holmes held his gaze and his voice was uncompromising. “Snap out of it and focus, she’s gone but we can get her back. What. Do. We. Know?”
Mycroft continued, “Surprisingly they are not entirely convinced that a free-lance detective and former drug addict is caring for a baby.”
Siger looked up as he placed the last plate on the table, his brow furrowing in confusion. Violet smiled as she explained. “Sherlock’s working a case and asked that we look after her.”
Anthea was waiting for him in the living room. The briefcase she used to collect papers from the office was open on the coffee table on the corner closest to his armchair with his laptop beside it, closed for now. She straightened up upon his entering the room and a smile appeared on her red lips. It was the only makeup she wore except for a dash of mascara. It was strange seeing her in jeans and a jumper instead of her usual business attire.
“Not yet, homeless network are working on a possible location.” The consulting detective explained, he stepped away from the window and sat down on the sofa in a fluid motion. He gently pried his hand away from Maeve who whined at the loss and looked up at him with a pout, well, what looked like a pout. He smiled down at her and tapped her lip softly with one of his fingers. Her eyes widened, shocked by the action. “Sorry,” he apologised, voice low.
Sherlock said nothing. He pushed the pram with one hand through the doorway and into the corridor. He stopped outside the second door as it opened. A woman - clearly wanting sleeping pills to drown out the sound of her children and adulterous husband - stepped out, eyes raking over him and the pram before she walked past him. John was stood at the door, left hand on the doorknob, smiling. “What are you doing here?”
Mycroft released the breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. Anthea’s hand shot to his arm and squeezed gently. He blinked once and cleared his throat. “Claire?”
Mycroft walked down the hallway and turned into the living room. He moved around the sofa and placed the car seat on the table, it was antique but sturdy, strong enough to take the extra weight. Evelyn did not stir. She was sleeping, tucked in a pale yellow blanket, wearing a white hat and matching mittens that were too big for her small hands, resting against her covered chest.
Sherlock left the door to the bedroom open knowing that John was not far behind, he walked to the further side of the bed and sat down. Then, maneuvered enough to be lent against the headboard with a pillow behind his back with Maeve cradled softly against his chest, fighting sleep off.
Sherlock found Mrs Hudson sitting with his father, she looked up as he approached and smiled. Without a word, he handed her Maeve and gestured for Kelly too take a picture. When it was done she kept hold of Maeve for a while and thanked him, handing the infant back to her father. Sherlock went back to John.
“I was going to cut off his balls.” Sebastian remarked, as one might about popping to the shops for some sugar. Jim sighed and rolled his eyes. “Boss said you’d prefer him not to be mutilated.”
“She needs clothes Mycroft,” Clarice argued as she folded and placed the new clothes into age-appropriate piles.
“Ok.” He took pity on her and lent forward. She immediately flashed a gummy grin and grabbed fistfuls of his unruly curls the moment he was close enough, directing his face to hers. She placed a long sloppy kiss on his nose. He closed his eyes and sighed in displeasure.
“My parents and I do not get along John. We never have. They believe that I am spoilt and am wasting my life away, they do not indulge me anything John. It may be my own fault but we never got on, I’m not perfect enough for them.”
Sherlock huffed and moved towards the sweets. He gestured to a packet of red sugar coated marshmallows.
Sherlock looked taken back but after a few moments managed a small nod of his head, like a wounded puppy submitting to its owner after doing something naughty. Mycroft released his grip and slowly moved his hand, keeping the other on his shoulder to ground him. Sherlock cleared his throat, “eight minutes, thirty-nine seconds.”
I thought I would have this done by yesterday but I underestimated how busy I would be during the day, it was Christmas so I cut myself some slack. BUT here it is. A new chapter. The Christmas chapter. It's my gift to you all.
Thompson finished, barely managing to contain his chuckle “…what three-continents Watson has been enjoying during his retirement?”
“She ok?” The ex-army doctor was lent against the car with his arms crossed. He’d been banished from helping with a ‘stop fussing’ and ‘you are an awful doctor’ from Sherlock.
Sherlock looked up from his place on the bed and rolled his eyes. Mundane, he thought to himself. The bedroom was dark wood and deep red, a large four poster bed illuminated by the large windows along the furthest wall. There was a large wooden cot beside the bed that was obviously not part of the master bedrooms usual furnishing but had been added from different room.
“They’re back together?” She looked far happier than anybody should receiving that disturbing information.
“She’s barely three months old,” the auburn haired man said in a tone that clearly said, you are an idiot. It was different to Sherlock’s, more polite and well, less obvious.
The door opened to reveal Mycroft, wearing a blue suit with a white shirt and light blue tie, no jacket, with his mobile in hand and his other resting on the door. He put his mobile into his pocket.
Then he slipped out. It wasn’t until he’d tidied some things up and started making his way upstairs that he heard a cry. He paused for a moment but heard Sherlock speaking and continued. He was more than capable of looking after his daughter.
Sherlock shrugged and placed the book on the sofa beside him. He craned his neck to look at his daughter, she was already rather board of the play mat. “You’ve brought gifts.”
“France, I believe.” There was a flash of emotion across his face, anger and hurt. Molly was not used to seeing it. “She is no longer involved, never was really, it’s just me and Maeve now.”
Mycroft sighed and pulled Maeve away from his chest. Sherlock placed his hands underneath her arms and pulled her close, she kicked excitedly, landing one or two feet in his ribs before settling against his, sighing in content and mouthing at his neck. He felt the tension melt away from his body but kept his rigid position and hard expression, not wanting to reveal anything to Mycroft.
Downstairs, John had put on an elaborate show with crumbs on a plate with a half-eaten carrot and empty glass. He was in the act of putting crumbs on the floor leading to the fireplace as Sherlock came down.
John stopped short in the doorway at the sight of Mycroft Holmes. The elder Holmes brother was stood in the centre of the room with Maeve perched on his hip, her hands clutching his white shirt, supporting her own head. She looked up at the uncle but the moment she heard John she jerked her head in his direction.
“Dearly beloved,” the priest began with a warm tone that reverberated off of the cold stone walls, his dark eyes hovering over Sherlock for a moment before flicking over the crowd generously. “We are honoured with the privilege of being present here today to witness and support in faith the christening of Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes; the daughter of William Sherlock Scott Holmes, born into this world on May 2
The man produced a pile of books, four of them to be exact. They were leather bound and a little beat up looking but the perfect gift. They were tied in a pile with some brown string. John couldn’t help but smile at the sight of it. “Thank you.”
“Yes, but you shouldn’t have left him.” Mrs Hudson scolded, hitting his arm as she stepped into the room and walked into the kitchen. She immediately started packing away the shopping that Sherlock had brought.
Sherlock put Maeve down on the colourful tummy time mat beside his chair at the end of the table with a small smile, she looked up at him with love and obvious confusion. He ran a hand over her hair and down her face, her eyes shifted to the arches of colourful toys above her head and he quickly sat down, eyes fixed warily on her.
John had his arm crossed tightly over his chest but followed his gaze. His heart panged at the sight.
He forced his eyes open, blinking to adjust to the bright hospital lights before darting over the private hospital room. His mother and father were huddled in the corner of the room, talking.
“Quite. Though if I am to gather anything, I will be without sleep for quite some time.” Mycroft managed a tight smile at that.
They’d read the letter. A note left by a woman called Celine Howards, explaining that the baby was Sherlock’s and she found herself unable to take care of her. She didn’t even name her.
The car they hired was a limo with a driver, according to Sherlock’s mother it was ‘easier’ and the cheaper alternative. Sherlock didn’t put up a fight, he just put Maeve in the car seat and slid in beside her.
Robert shrugged and cried out at the movement, he ignored his horrified mother to answer. “I c-can’t remember, I must have lost con-consciousness.”
“Oh, Sherlock, we’ve been so worried about you.” Mrs Hudson interrupted, voice high and full of concern.
“She’s looking for a quick payday. Get your father to lend you his security team and the next time she steps foot on your property, have her arrested for trespassing, if the police need more evidence, send them in my direction. She’s done with you now, she knows how access the art work you’re currently curating and will attempt to take something and sell it further down the line. For now, she’s being watched and the moment she tries anything, the police will be informed. I’ve sent word to a contact at Scotland Yard and he’s making the appropriate people aware, they’ll want to see you tomorrow to get the full story, no doubt and charges will be brought. And, no need to worry about the show you’ve been working on, everything of value has been moved to an appropriate location until the threat has been resolved.”
Pale. Tired. Her nose twitching ever so slightly, a nervous habit of hers, and her eyes, though looking at him, were doing everything to avoid direct eye contact. A sheen of sweat collecting in her hairline.
“You should have.” His older brother told him. “There are people that would help you the moment you asked, if you weren’t too stubborn.”
Mycroft’s eyes flicked up to him and then back down to the phone. He shifted on the sofa, relaxing slightly into the cushions and using them to keep his arm propped up. Evelyn did not wake. The only sounds she made were soft inhales and exhales.
Sherlock ignored the question. He crossed the room in a flash and knelt beside his daughter. Maeve’s eyes flickered to him in delight and she smiled, shoving a fist into her mouth in excitement. He smiled and pulled her fist from her mouth, now covered in dribble, and offered her his own finger. His daughter took the offered digit and placed it in her mouth with no qualms.
Sherlock’s smile dropped and he looked offended at the accusation. He was stood in the kitchen, behind the large white wooden island with a steaming dish of Salmon en croute, not yet cut, in front of him. He picked up a knife and cut the pastry with precision. John stepped further into the kitchen and peaked a glance at Maeve, she was sat in her bouncy chair on the counter a short distance from her father.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly but held his finger out. John squeezed a pea sized amount of the gel onto his forefinger and watched as Sherlock rubbed the gel over Maeve’s gums as she frowned, her nose crinkled up and mouth trying, and failing because of the finger in her mouth, to draw into a thin line.
She practically screamed in response. Sherlock rocked her back and forth, holding her close to his chest. “I know.” He spoke in a soothing tone.
John lent forward slightly, shifting his grip on Maeve so that she moved with him. Maeve looked up but entertained herself with his hand that was resting on the table, small hands running over it. “You’re doing alright, yeah?”
Michelle opened the file in front of her and plucked out a sheet of paper, she slid it across the table towards the Holmes brothers. It was a photocopy from the front page of The Sun, taken on the 26
happen to me.” He said, grey eyes resting on her. He stopped and added on quickly, “well there’s your Papa too, he saved my life, quite literally as he already told you. He said that I was being stupid and careless and that’s how I get my…” he cleared his throat, “well, yes, he saved me from myself and gave me a reason to not to risk my life in search of a proving my genius. It makes me an idiot apparently, well according to him, you know him he’s easily confused.”
“Sherlock’s working a case at the moment. He was going over the file when I left, he’s probably coming up with a plan to catch the guy or something, now.”
Sherlock arrived at 8:01, the case was finished and he wanted nothing more than to return to Baker Street with his daughter. The house was quiet, the door swinging open and bouncing off the wall loudly. John cursed and followed the taller man, carefully shutting the door behind him as he struggled to keep up with his partner. Sherlock was already off, eyes flicking over every room he passed.
“Goodnight John.” He responded. Maeve chewed on his finger lightly, gums pressing against the digit and drool smeared against her face and his hand.
“No, that’s not what I meant. John’s a good guy, he’d help any way he could and he’s always wanted children.”
A moment later the bathroom door slammed shut, Maeve’s eyes widened slightly and John sat on the floor beside her. He wordlessly handed over his finger to her, she gripped it again and placed it into her mouth before John could argue. “That’s lovely that is.” John told her, voice forgiving. Maeve suckled on his finger, drool dripping down the digit and her chin as she began gnawing with her gums. “You’re too cute for your own good.”
The priest nodded encouragingly at Sherlock and he re-positioned Maeve with great difficulty due to the dress, Greg tried to hold the skirts as he shifted the baby to lay with her feet against his chest and head held in his large hands. He moved her over the font strong arms supporting her small body. The priest poured water from the font onto her forehead. She squirmed and grunted in frustration, Sherlock watched the water trickle down her forehead and into her thickening hair, making sure that the drops didn’t get her eyes.
“Need any help?” John asked as Sherlock went into the bathroom with Maeve still cradled in his arms.
“I just didn’t feel like drinking” John dismissed, dropping the toy onto his lap and taking Maeve’s hands into his own. He moved them around in fast but not too strenuous circles mimicking dance moves.
“My father brought her.” He offered the thin cat one hand and she knocked her head against it, rubbing her cheek along his fingers. “She’s a sort of…security system.”
Then John broke the silence, his voice tight but cheery. “And that’s when papa John and Uncle Greg arrived.”
“Blunt force trauma to the back of the head, concussion” The consulting detective managed with a wince.
“I love you.” He told her softly his lips moving against her forehead. It was the first time he’d uttered those words but they were true. He added. “You little terror.”
Violet straightened up and jiggled her granddaughter a little bit. “Come on then princess, let’s get you ready.”
John offered her the bottle’s teat and she accepted it between her rosy lips quickly, hungrily gulping the milk down. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder and rolled his eyes. “She’ll make herself sick.”
Sherlock spat into the sink, put his toothbrush away and wiped away the toothpaste around his lips on a small hand towel. He opened the door into the bedroom and was confronted with the sight of John, lain on his side with Maeve beside him, gazing up at him with tired but interested eyes, as he read to her. It was a detective novel, the kind that Sherlock loathed for all reasons and John loved for the romance.
John continued with a polite smile to their landlady, “It would just be nice to know where you are.”
“It’s not like I’m here helping you file, you have a life there in your arms. I’m just doing what I can to ease the transition.” She placed a couple of soft toys on the table.
“I’m not interested in anymore children” He clarified quickly “Maeve is the exception, the only exception.”
When he managed to get inside he parked the buggy in the hallway and unstrapped Maeve, he positioned her on his shoulder and ascended the stairs.
Maeve seemed to finally notice the elder Holmes brother and began kicking her legs enthusiastically while looking between the brothers, her mouth open in a wide excited smile. Sherlock laughed and assured her, “yes, I know he’s here. I can see him too.”
Mycroft nodded and crossed the room in a few graceful steps. He stopped for a second to scan over his brother’s body and decide on the best course of action before placing Maeve on Sherlock’s uninjured side. She was lain on her front with her head tucked neatly into his neck and hands resting on his bare chest. He shifted so that his nose was in her hairline and inhaled deeply as she blinked herself awake, the familiar scent washed over him. He closed his eyes and sighed contentedly.
Mycroft cracked a closed mouth smile and nodded his head in a silent confirmation. Sherlock looked up at the ceiling, “Yes, but none of us is immune apparently.”
“They’ll be here within the hour.” He folded the newspaper he was reading and placed it on the counter. Then, he glanced at his daughter. She was still sleeping. Her fingers pulled close to her palms in small red wrinkly fists as she snored.
The aroma of coffee and pancakes hit John the moment he reached the bottom of the stairs, he sighed to himself and looked down at Maeve. He whispered. “Your daddy is a know-it-all.”
Maeve looked up at him and blinked, blue eyes big and curious. She gave him a small smile which disappeared the moment Sherlock began rubbing the shampoo into her dark hair. She whined in protest but Sherlock continued, spreading the soap in small delicate circles while she fidgeted, unable to move in his hold but continuing to fight him.
The auburn haired man walked into the living room and stood beside his chair, close enough to the Moses basket so that he could see inside but also see his parents. Their expressions were unclear. Confusion settled in as their eyes darted around the room and landed on the Moses basket. Brows furrowed and eyes widened but there were no words. Sherlock closed the door softly.
“Hmmm” Sherlock hummed, he placed the carseat on the counter and undid the straps. He picked Maeve up and pulled her close.
Maeve was too preoccupied with the decorations in the dining room to even consider eating. Mycroft sighed an offered her a cooked carrot from his own plate. She took it but did not put it in her mouth.
“Well, yeah, Mycroft did mention that he hadn’t left the flat.” Greg scratched his stubbly cheek and offered. “He’s upped the security and surveillance on all of you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and got up from the bed, he stopped in the threshold and lent against the archway with his arms folded across his chest. “There’s no need for you to leave, she’s quite asleep.”
Sherlock kicked out, successfully knocking over a stack of books with a loud bang and sending a vial tumbling onto the floor. It smashed. Sherlock cursed. They would have heard that from downstairs. Maeve’s eyes widened and Sherlock instinctively focused on his daughter. Her breathing was rapid, her heat beating fast as she released his finger. Sherlock pulled her closer to him so she was nestled between his chest and arm on the mattress. She seemed content after a moment.
“We could be dealing with some irritation then.” He left unsaid that whatever was in the nappy could make it worse.
“He called after he found out, he was devastated. He was going thinking about asking her to move in with him, it was quick but they just worked, the poor boy, he doesn’t have any other family.” Carol told Sherlock, eyes filled with sadness.
He unstrapped her from the chair and picked her up, twisting her mid-air so that she was facing the right way and placed her on his side, legs either side of his torso, her head at the same height as his. She dropped the teething ring and reached out, grabbing his hair in her fists and pulling his face impossibly close to hers.
“So you thought you’d bring her into my house.” Sherlock kept a wary eye on the cat walking over the coffee table and sniffing the furniture.
“I’ll need everything you have.” Sherlock instructed as he crossed the cordoned off area to Sally, he stopped directly in front of her eyes immediately settling on Maeve. She was wriggling but no longer whining.
John looked slightly confused at his partner but Sherlock simply rolled his eyes. He finally asked, “What kind?”
Next chapter: Sherlock continues to work the case, the latest victims turns up alive and...I don't want to spoil it for you!
“It’s your choice Lestrade.” Sherlock told him as he got to his feet, turning to face the grey haired man as he considered it. “I can solve your case within the next few hours while looking after my daughter or I can go about my day as planned.” We looked down at Maeve as she occupied herself with his obviously very interesting chest. “We were going to go for a walk later, annoy Mycroft for a while and work on strengthen our neck and back. I also want to coax a smile from her.”
Mycroft faltered, eyes narrowing and carefully placed his mug back on the table. He cleared his throat, placing both hands on the table, clasping them together as he did so. “Pregnant.” He repeated, slowly and surely, eyes flicking over her.
They tried various types of photos with Maeve. There were a few with her sat up, Sherlock’s hand supporting her underneath a blanket, then some with her on her front, between the small moments that she supported her head and attempted the push herself up. The best came from her being lain on a blanket and fighting off the throes of sleep. A couple of nice pictures were taken of her, gazing up at Sherlock, though you couldn’t see him, it was obvious by the look in her eyes –wonder, joy and excitement- that she was looking up at her father.
Mrs Hudson appeared sometime later with her own presents. It was a bundle of hand knitted jumpers, cardigans and toys. The boys had bought her a new scarf, brooch and a framed picture of her and Maeve.
Greg’s eyes widened at the picture, it was of Sherlock holding Maeve protectively against his chest, a smaller picture showed him pushing the pram through the park on a mid-day walk. “Christ. And Sherlock’s seen these?”
The ex-army doctor lent forward and craned his neck to look at the sleeping baby, her little nose scrunched in sleep and eyes closed, lips moving gently like she was suckling the air. “The result of a one night stand” Sherlock clarified.
“I sleep regularly,” Sherlock interrupted, re-buttoning his shirt sleeves as he strode back into the room, his eyes flicking over the pair in distaste before settling on Maeve and softening; he added, sounding put out, “John insists.”
“Is there any cake?” Sherlock asked hopefully, she’d made his favourite two days ago and hadn’t yet eaten today.
Greg grumbled something inaudible into his cup and downed the rest of the liquid. He placed the cup back on the table, a little louder than necessary and cursed himself for it. He turned to John and flashed a fake smile, “sorry.”
“Stop moving your feet,” Sherlock told Maeve firmly. She stopped giggling but the grin on her face betrayed her. He sighed and put both of the shoes firmly on her feet. “You are the most infuriating
It was silent for a minute. Victor’s mouth opened once and closed as he tried to formulate a response. He cleared his throat and frowned, “how do you know what boots she was wearing?”
Sherlock went into the closest cupboard and plucked up a cup. He filled it with coffee and added three cubes of sugar. It would help to erase the sleepiness that was lingering behind his eyes.
The door opened to reveal Louise and Michelle, they stepped out and took the seats opposite the Holmes brothers. Mycroft managed a smile which was instantly returned, Louise announced, “We believe that it is in the best interest of Maeve to remain in your care.”
Sherlock’s room was the first thing they set up. The Moses basket had been set up beside his bed, furthest away from the door between the bed and the dresser. Beneath his window was a changing station like the one in the nursery, large and made of dark wood, the top padded and the drawers filled up, beside that was a chest of drawers filled specifically with her stuff. She was asleep, snoring away lightly in her new bed. It was a dark wicker basket with white material and a dark wood base that rocked.
“What did you find?” John asked the moment Sherlock had unhooked Maeve from his person and placed her in the Moses basket that he had placed on the coffee table. The infant was fast asleep, not waking when she was moved. Sherlock stilled for a second and continued fussing over his daughter, stripping her of the jumper she was wearing and placing a thin blanket over the top of her body.
“Or, he’s…” the blonde considered it, and recalled what Sally Donovan told him at their first meeting. He frowned, “he gets off on it.”
“In theory,” Sherlock announced, running his fingers over the amber beads. “The baby wears the necklace and their body heat triggers the release of oils that contains succinic acid, and when the oil is absorbed, it has an analgesic effect on swollen and sore gums. Though there is no medical proof.” He said, shooting Mycroft a surprised look.
"Poor thing" John cooed, "starved for attention from your genius father and his partner, what are we going to do?"
“We shared a bed last night.” The dark haired man reminded him. John didn’t pull away but grumbled to himself as Sherlock somehow managed to steer the pram with one hand.
“You didn’t have to go to any trouble.” Silvia told him. They’d settled in the armchairs, Harold in Sherlock’s armchair and Silvia in John's. Greg was now leaning against the desk, eyes glancing over his shoulder at the cat that was still behind him.
The front door opened and closed, and was followed by hurried footsteps on the stairs. Greg appeared in the doorway looking rather flustered and slightly out of breath, his eyes darted over John and Maeve, then settled on Sherlock. “The…”
A heat wave had hit London. A sweltering heat that offered no heat had descended, with hot sticky days that lasted well into the evenings, and no cool air for relief. A small desk fan rotated, spreading slightly cooler, stagnant air around the stuffy room and the windows were open as wide as possible. The curtains were drawn, leaving a small gap for light to travel into the room and in a desperate attempt to keep the room as cool as possible. And John, John Watson was in trouble.
Sherlock sighed at the small talk. “Fine. Apparently, it’s imperative that we attend one of her charity events.”
Sherlock was up in one fluid moment and twisted to face the door as his brother reached the top of the stairs and stepped into the lounge, his face a mask of indifference. Greg greeted him with a warm smile.
“Yes” Sherlock responded, putting the phone back in his pocket and steering once again with two hands instead of one. “It’s just round the corner.”
“In here,” Sherlock called back. He has his back to the door but knew the moment the shorter man crossed the threshold into the living room. He was cradling Maeve in his arms. It struck him how much bigger she was now. The first time he held her in his arms she’d been tiny. He’d been able to hold her in one arm with no trouble and now, now she was a handful. She was in the midst of waking up from a sleep.
“I should be returning to work soon,” Mycroft announced, still not bothering to look up from his paper.
Hey, lovelies, I know I haven't updated in a while but I've been crazy busy with work and super unmotivated to write which such because I love writing this so much. BUT I finally sat down and tried to write and this chapter happened. It's not that long but it is something and that's a start. I hope you enjoy it and stay on the lookout because there will be more soon, much more. Well, I kind of need to plan the next 45 chapters but after that, there will be more.
“Which hospital?” Mycroft was already up and pulling on his coat, shifting his phone from one ear to the other so that he didn’t miss the answer.
“Hello.” The ex-army doctor greeted, kneeling down beside the baby so she could get a better look at him. Maeve gurgled and opened her mouth, giving the doctor a good look at her gums. He offered her his finger, which she took, grabbing on and pulling slightly in jumpy movements. “Where is your Daddy?”
“The teething rings need to go in the fridge,” Sherlock called to her, stepping closer to the kitchen and craning his neck to watch her. “Put the pink one in a bowl of ice.”
“You can hold her,” Mycroft told her with a tone of nonchalance. He picked up the pile of files he’d place down earlier and put them in his briefcase. Anthea made no move. He sighed inwardly. “She likes physical contact after waking up or else she feels alone and makes a fuss.”
Sherlock smiled at Maeve and enjoyed the way that she splashed, looked up at him for confirmation, amused and then looked back down at the water and splashed again. After a moment he pried her away from his chest with great care and held her, both hands beneath her arm, he moved her slowly through the water, careful that it did not splash in her face. Her eyes were fixed on the moving water.
Sherlock paused for a moment to dispose of his coffee and carried on walking, John watched his stretch towards the bin and toss the cup while keeping his hand firmly on the pram and eyes on Maeve at all times.
The updates may be a bit later than usual because Sky has decided to stop our wifi, apparently they never provided that service to us and our landlord is having to sort it out, and it will not be working again till the 8th of October. I'm updating from the library but it will depend on how much work I can get done without my trusty wifi. Do keep the reviews, messages, kudos and etcetera as I can check them on my phone, it will really cheer me up to hear from you guys.
Maeve made it halfway through the meal before she started screaming. Sherlock dropped his knife and fork with a loud clang onto his plate and twisted in his seat, placing his feet on each side of the colour mat. Her face was beat red and tears were beginning to stream down her face. He bent over and plucked her up, placing his hands under her arms and pulling her towards his chest. He placed one hand on her bum to keep her supported and placed the other on her neck, rubbing it gently. She stopped crying almost instantly.
“The apple and cinnamon were a definite no,” Mycroft announced as he wiped the front of his niece's mouth for any trace of the puree.
Mycroft watched them all moved towards the back of the house and out of the patio doors. He then picked up the bags and took them upstairs, when he reached the top he pulled them towards the room. He tapped his knuckles against the door and pushed it open. Sherlock was lain on his side, eyes closed, with Maeve next to him. He placed the bag at the end of the bed and nodded once before leaving.
Sherlock glanced into the Moses basket at his sleeping daughter and reached in, her face scrunched up as pulled her close but she remained asleep, puffing a warm breath against his neck. He took her into the bedroom, turning on her nightlight and the light on John’s bedside table, and placed her in the middle of the bed with a blanket placed over her. She whined, stretching out in her sleep and settled against the soft covers. Sherlock spared her once last look before retrieving the Moses basket and stand, he carried them into the bedroom. Maeve was still sleeping soundly on the bed, he watched her as he placed the items beside the bed, on his side and sat down next to his daughter.
He pulled her close and placed her against his chest. One hand on her bum and the other on her back, her face was tilted upwards and to the side, so that she could see him. He craned his own neck so that he could watch her. “You’re perfect. I love you.”
“Where the bloody hell have you been?” John asked, stood at the top of the stairs with his arms crossed over his chest.
“That’s a beautiful name.” Carol beamed like it was the best news she’d had in days, it probably was after finding out that her daughter had been murdered. David managed a small faked smile, hand tightening slightly on his wife’s shoulder as she conversed with the consulting detective. “Where is she?”
“You can’t hold her for the next ten years,” John said, his expression far more amused than anything else.
“It may have escaped your attentions mother, but neither of us are religious.” Sherlock announced, voice controlled and not giving anything away.
Greg didn’t say anything when Sherlock climbed into his car instead of a cab, sitting in the backseat beside his daughter. He didn’t say anything when he caught glimpses of Sherlock in his rear-view mirror, eyes fixed to his daughter and talking to her in hushed tones. But Greg drew a line. The moment he waited by the car and Sherlock appeared with his daughter strapped to him in a light purple baby sling, he had to say something. The sling was hooked over one shoulder and under the opposite armpit, over the top of his coat and his daughter was inside it. She was close to his chest, face between his chest and the material of the sling, cradled like she would be in his arm but higher up and without the need of his arms.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, ignoring his own menu in favour of focusing on his daughter as she woke up prematurely with a groan of discomfort. He cradled the baby in the sling. “John.”
“Very productive.” Violet confirmed with a smile. She gestured to the other armchair, Sherlock’s chair, and asked, “May I?”
With a glance of John, still sleeping happily, he left the room. In the kitchen Maeve started to fuss, releasing a cry of discomfort as Sherlock hummed a tune that he’d heard on the radio, it was a ridiculous song that John had like very much though it was designed for teenage girls. He opened the fridge, there was a shelf purely for Maeve, a line of pre-made bottles and soft teething objects for when the moment occurred.
“It’s not a fond memory,” Greg told him with a solemn tone. John noticed Mycroft stiffen but didn’t comment on it as Greg continued, voice low. “He used to come here when he was high.”
“I was being presumptuous” The blonde declared, forking a piece of chicken along with his pasta and putting it into his mouth, he chewed delicately as Sherlock watched him intently.
“Sherlock” Mycroft stepped closer to his brother, to stop him from hurrying away and spoke sincerely. “I will support you in whatever decision you make but you need to think about this, a baby. You didn’t even know about her, she isn’t the child of loving parents but the results of a tryst in an alleyway. She is two days old, with no name or home, and you are hardly the fatherly type.”
“I just,” she paused. “I can’t get over the similarities. I know children usually look like their parents but she’s just, a miniature version of him. It’s amazing.”
Sherlock nodded dejectedly. “I noticed earlier, when she was being checked over by Doctor Clarke. She’s been building up to it for weeks.”
“Yes, you’re tired I know, you can go to sleep in a minute.” He kissed the top of her head. He looked into the kitchen and called, “Sherlock, she’s tired.”
Violet didn’t respond. Sherlock rolled his eyes, his mother would go out of her way to avoid conflict and smiled down at his daughter. She opened her mouth in reaction to him, blue eyes bright. He picked her up, careful to support her head as he did so and resting her on his knees.
“I won’t ruin your image but I do have a question to ask you.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small black jewellery box which could only hold one thing. Mycroft stared at the box as though it were a terrorist. Greg cleared his throat, “I would have got down on one knee but I didn’t want to startle you.”
“I’ve seen you in worse states.” Mycroft reminded him. He closed the toilet lid and sat on it. He decided to change the subject. “She likes the water.”
Sherlock sighed, acting as though the question had put him out somehow and repeated, slower and surer, “I like it when she smiles.”
“I never guess.” The dark haired man frowned and rose to a seated position. Maeve’s breathing faltered, he paused, then returned to normal and she remained undisturbed by the action.
They went downstairs together, Mycroft leading the way with John following and Sherlock behind them, keeping Maeve entertained against his chest, holding her with one arm and using the other to hold her small hand in his. They entered the room at the front of the house, a sitting room that had been set up for the occasion with a large white screen and floor sheet, a couple of stands with lighting kit and a large box of camera equipment.
“Mycroft.” John greeted him with a warm smile from the doorway, the government official looked up at him, and he found his lips tugging up into a smile in response. The blonde nodded and turned his attention to the small infant on the floor, she was attempting to lift her head again and look up at him. Her mouth was open wide and drool dribbling across her lips and down her chin. “Maeve.”
“No,” Sherlock answered quickly, not bothering to knock as he reached the door. Instead he walked straight in to the reception room of Mycroft’s office, glanced at the man sitting at the desk for a brief moment and walked straight into the room.
“Please boys.” John spoke calmly, eyes going to the baby in his best friends arms with a hint of concern.
“They caught cabs,” Anderson informed him, picking up the file of phone records, the last calls (to local cab companies) circled in yellow highlighter.
Sherlock went into his bedroom and shed his coat and shoes, he then went about unstrapping the papoose and, using one hand to hold her and the other to take the papoose around from her. He carefully pried the papoose from between his hand and her back and brought her forward to his chest. Sher grabbed at his suit jacket and he smiled down at her. “Time for some dinner.”
Thirty-Seven: the latest victim turns up alive, and the unthinkable happens. (Sorry in advance for this chapter).
John woke with a long groan, stretching his tired limbs as he opened his eyes. The room was light, the sun flitting through between the parted curtains and illuminating the room in a soft light. He reached out, hand meeting Sherlock’s thigh. He blinked and turned his head towards the consulting detective, he had expected Sherlock to already be up and out of bed. He was reclined, head and shoulders on the pillows. He was tucked under the covers with Maeve on his chest. She was chewing at the exposed flesh of his neck, her head resting on his shoulder with his hand on her back keeping her steady.
There were no words. Nothing he could say would make this better for him, so instead he kept silent and occasionally touched him, the back of his hand of his shoulder, to reassure him that he was still there. There was no gratitude, no sign that he even registered the touch; just his blank face, a blink and his empty eyes.
John’s face scrunched up and he slowly woke. He turned onto his side and blinked away the sleep. He took a moment to consider it before asking, “Is that a cat?”
“Please, let me finish.” She said firmly. “You disapproved of me and my habits, and I want to be in your life, and hers, if that’s what you’d like.”
Sorry i haven't been able to update this sooner, I went on holiday to a place without wifi but I wrote down lots of note and know exactly what will be happening with the story for a while now. So happy! And this chapter ended up being harder for me to write than i expected because i started it before my holiday and had to finish it when i came back but i powered through and hopefully the next chapter will make it all worthwhile.
“Funny,” Kelly replied sarcastically, she took a step closer to the consulting detective and the baby, her camera hooked over her shoulder. “This is nice but I need you to remove her fist from her mouth.”
Sherlock pursed his lips but remained silent. He looked down at Maeve and placed the thin blanket over her legs, trailing one long finger down the side of her face and stopping on her chin.
Sherlock glared at him. The blonde took the buggy and with a quick goodbye to his colleagues followed the taller man from the building. Sherlock relaxed the moment he was outside, not completely relaxed but definitely more relaxed than he had been a minute ago. There was still tension in his shoulders but he released a long breathe that he hadn’t realised that he’d been holding. The women John worked with were insipid, most women in general were, fawning over Maeve and him.
“He wanted me to take the case, keep it in the family.” Greg explained. “He knows how you hate people prying into your business.” Sherlock made a noise at the back of his throat, that of disgust and disbelief.
“Fell asleep five minutes after we left the flat,” he told Sherlock, despite him probably being able to deduce it by the creases in the blanket and amount of drool on his daughter’s chin. They’d been gone for exactly 41 minutes and seconds. Which begged the question, where had John been for the remaining 36 minutes?
She smiled fondly at him and stepped into the living room, noting the absence of both John and baby Maeve, and placed the tray on the table beside John’s chair. His full attention was now on his landlady, watching intently as she poured milk in first, followed by the tea with an overly affectionate smile plastered on her face.
Sherlock arrived at the National Gallery exactly an hour later. It had taken thirty-one minutes to get himself and Maeve ready, three minutes to flag down a taxi and get Maeve strapped in to her carseat, and twenty-six minutes for the journey. He’d wrestled Maeve into a brand new papoose, the most expensive in the shop and far superior to the one he’d been using previously. The carrier was made of a deep purple material and allowed Maeve to be positioned upright, facing towards him with her head lent on his chest as she continued to sleep soundlessly. It was far securer than the carrier that he had previously used and he found himself gently cupping her head despite himself.
“He’s means respect, Sherlock.” Mycroft informed him as he and Greg walked into the room, side by side.
Maeve whined loudly, a warning that she was upset and more would make her cry. Sherlock’s attention was on her, watching her face for any change and he jiggled her softly. John twisted to check that she was ok, cleared his throat and turned back to Harry. “You want to be in my life; fine, but you need to accept that Sherlock will be in my life-“
The mousy blonde smiled and stepped closer to the pram, peering it at Maeve with a expression of awe and amazement, Sherlock glanced up to watch her in interest. It was far more interesting than the body at least, Molly spoke aloud, "she really is something special."
“Yes, daddy’s watching you.” He assured her, sat with his legs crossed in front of her, a notebook perched on one knee with a pen inside the pages. “Which toy do you want?”
John was making his way around the people with a mulled wine he’d picked up thirty minutes ago in his hand. The hot drink was now cold and the smell drifted around the room.
Sherlock and John go to look at a crime scene, Sally is left in charge of the baby and some family time whilst solving crime.
Sherlock shrugged and turned his body to face the two men and baby completely. “We hope that she learns not to do so in the future.”
Sherlock looked up, confusion clouding his expression as his body remained focus on the task at hand, feeding Maeve. She drank eagerly as he asked, “For what?”
“You promised me an interesting case, I’d hate to be disappointed. I’ve already had to bathe Maeve after a faeces explosion that covered half of her body and a brand new outfit.”
“I don’t know. He said he needed to get something and rushed out.” John admitted, stepping into the kitchen with Mrs Hudson a step behind him.
"Is that so?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the blonde, stormy eyes flicking to Maeve as she settled back down to sleep against his shoulder and then back at John, the blonde was still smiling smugly.
John shrugged and continued until she was completely asleep. Her quiet snores and their calm breathing the only sounds that filled the room as the two men watched her intently. John couldn’t contain a smile at the sight of her and Sherlock’s expression was soft, eyes warm and fixed completely on her.
A customary knock on the door followed by voices signalled the arrival of their client. John remained on his feet, ready to greet them while Sherlock stared at the door, eagerly awaiting the next case. There were footsteps and the client appeared in the doorway, he was tall and pale with dark hair that glowed with a reddish tinge in the sunlight, which filtered through the windows. He was dressed in a grey suit with a white shirt and thin black tie. His grey eyes flicked over the flat, John and the baby on the floor, he smiled and then finally looked at Sherlock. “Sherlock.” He greeted in a fond tone.
The woman waiting by the open doors gave him a sympathetic smile and pulled the door open further to allow him to pass, he managed a nod of acknowledgment. He didn’t stop until he was in a bathroom. He locked the door and placed the bag on the sink. He juggle Maeve up and down and whispered to her, “we’re ok, we’re both ok, you were such a good girl. You are beautiful and so grown up, and I love you.”
Sherlock and John go to New Scotland Yard to finalize the details of the case and his stabbing, John calls himself 'Papa' and they talk about it over dinner. Mycroft has to cancel his Wednesday visit.
“Am not.” Sherlock insisted refusing to move his lips, instead he focused completely on Maeve; awake and content in his arms. He was sat on his armchair, one leg crossed over the other with Maeve resting in his arms while John was faffing around, getting everything ready for their Sunday visit to his parents while he offered no help.
Mycroft smiled to himself comfortable in the knowledge that John knew him so well and that he also couldn’t see him at this exact moment. He placed a teabag in each cup. “We attended a meeting.”
“I thought it was best to tell you in person, the delicate nature of this conversation should not be undertaken on the phone. I wish for there to be no misunderstanding when I say, the only reason you were not informed sooner, is due to my own reservations about the entire situation. I didn’t wish to be involved, not in the role of parent. Claire and I talked about it, and we decided it was best if I were to see the child in the role as uncle. That way, she would not be used against me and I could avoid her seeing any harm. Of course, things have changed now.” Mycroft stopped and looked down at Evelyn. She was fast asleep, her hands grasped into tight fists against her chest. He asked her, “Do you think that will work?”
Mycroft nodded and stepped past his partner into the living room. It was as though Christmas had exploded in the room and that was putting it mildly. There was a tree near the window with bright decorations and lights dressing it. The fireplace was surrounded by two tall nutcracker figurines which were from the deepest recesses of his attic, along with the smaller ones lining the mantle.
Mycroft had done a good job. There was never any doubt but the consulting detective was impressed. The flat was clean and tidy, the nursery done and now everything was put away, thanks to John. He took one last look before going back downstairs and straight into his room ignoring the look John gave him. The army doctor was at the table, his book abandoned and now reading one of the childcare books that Sherlock had picked up during their shopping trip.
“Is he alright?” Sally asked on the car journey to New Scotland Yard. She glanced in their rear-view mirror at Sherlock – he was still and staring out of the window with his hand resting on his daughter, both of her hands resting on his – and then to John.
John frowned and then realisation dawn. “Oh, well, yeah. I guess I have softened you up a bit. You used to be a right dickhead.”
John looked curious. Sherlock removed the baby from his chest and rearranged her, placing her in a sitting position on the kitchen side, supporting her body with one hand on her back and the other on her front. She supported her own head. Her blue eyes flicked over the room in inquisitiveness, paying particular attention to her Papa and Daddy.
Sherlock picked up a soft toy from the floor and threw it at him, the blonde dodged it with a grin, he sighed dramatically “I knew giving you that book would be a mistake.”
Back at Baker Street, a box had been left in the lounge – filled to the brim with the necessities; bottles, a steriliser, powdered baby milk, blankets, clothes, dummies, muslins, nappies, wipes and a baby carrier. A gift from Mycroft, the other essentials could be purchased the next day. John placed the bag provided by the hospital beside the box, glancing inside curiously and turning his attention back to the consulting detective. The car journey had been a silent one, Sherlock was still reeling from his conversation with Mycroft and the fact they had to use the elder Holmes’s car, with no carseat there wasn’t really a choice.
“Sherlock,” his mother greeted the moment she opened the door with a broad smile, she immediately stepped out of the way to allow Sherlock access into the house.
Sherlock didn’t answer, instead he strode over to the desk and placed the car seat atop of it, ignoring the files, he twisted it so Mycroft could see his niece. The auburn haired man glanced at Maeve then back to Sherlock, annoyance quickly fading into amusement, the corners of his lips tugged up.
“Thank you Mummy.” He looked up at her as she crossed the room, stopped beside his face and bent down to kiss him on the forehead. Then, she proceeded to kiss Maeve on the cheek.
Mycroft opened his eyes and stared at his brother for a long moment. Sherlock’s expression was stern, lips tight, there was no room for argument. He looked down his resolve breaking. “I suppose I could manage something small.”
“Yes, well, as I’ve said we’ve been preoccupied. Work keeps me busy.” He held Maeve against his chest with one firm hand and with the other, closed the baby bag and rose in one swift movement to his feet.
They were both sat on the sofa watching Sherlock, he was stood in the centre of the room holding Maeve close to his chest and bouncing her up and down in small reassuring movements as she dozed against his shoulder, so close to sleep.
“Yes,” he nodded. “I’m sorry, I really couldn’t imagine it before, I’d seen it in the papers of course, but you, a father. It’s extraordinary, really Sherlock, I still can’t quite believe it. You always did surprise me.” Sherlock said nothing, merely bowed his head slightly. “I’m sorry, I’m prattling on.”
“Nine months ago, there was a woman” Sherlock admitted. He looked slightly ashamed of himself, something John wasn’t used to seeing but he didn’t mention it.
John showed the care only an adult would when opening his present. It revealed a plate Maeve’s handprints on and the next was a matching mug. The last present was the most precious. It was a single printed picture in a small frame of Sherlock Holmes sat on Father Christmas’s lap with Maeve. The consulting detective didn’t necessarily look happy but his face made the picture.
Victor cut him off, “No strings, and no expectations. Just a thank you. I can see that you’re very happy. You have John and Maeve. I just thought we could catch up.”
The street smelled like burnt coffee beans and mince pies. Sherlock almost regretted picking a spot beside the small but colourful coffee shop. He was torn between wanting a mince pie and wanting to storm into the shop and tell them how ridiculous it was serving mince pies so far away from Christmas. There was still months until that dreaded time descended upon London forcing more people into the streets and an infinite amount of Christmas decorations. He frowned to himself, surely Christmas was still some time away. It wasn’t something that he took much notice of but now, with his daughter in his life and John, there was no doubt that it would become some big event and take up more room in his mind palace than strictly necessary. His mother would request his presence at some over the top dinner and there would be an innumerable amount of gifts. There could only be a little over a month until the dreaded day, it had crept up faster than he cared to admit. Maeve was six months old.
Hurt flashed across his mother’s face and his father snapped out of his thought, looking up at his son with stern grey eyes. “Do not speak to your mother like that.”
Sherlock said nothing. He took the plate and pushed his way past them closer to the table. He took his time looking at all the possibilities before placing a few things on the plate for her. She was getting rather fond of finger food and his mother, unlike her usual spreads, had chosen some of what John would call classic party foods. When he was satisfied he glanced at his father and walked into the next room. There were a few looks in his direction but he paid no attention as he sat on the floor beside the sofa. He placed the plate on the coffee table and with a single look, his father passed over the infant.
Mycroft looked up at his brother’s arrival before looking back down at his baby niece. “Social services will want to visit.” He ignored the expression he knew Sherlock was pulling, the ‘why on earth would that happen’ expression. “I have explained the situation and pulled some strings but there needs to be a formal visit after the circumstances of her arrival.”
“Thank you.” Violet smiled. The waitress disappeared and she turned her attention onto her son and granddaughter. “You’re good with her Myc.”
Sherlock offered the first spoonful to Maeve. She frowned in confusion, eyes flicking from the spoon to his face and then back to the spoon. The mixture was warm and gloopy, an off-white shade with a rather boring smell, the same as the powdered milk he brought for her. Maeve was sat in her highchair, a white round contraption that was top of the range and looked vaguely like a seat from an sci-fi movie made in the 80s.
“I know.” Sherlock nodded. It reminded John of the way that Sherlock had reacted after their first dinner together, when he has said it was all fine and the consulting detective had considered him for a moment before looking back out the window for a killer.
“A free pass,” Sherlock informed him with a tight smile as his mother approached. She immediately hugged Sherlock, which he returned this time, placing his arms around her lightly. She let go quickly and set herself upon John and Maeve, kissing them both on the cheek.
“We should get inside.” John said quickly, grabbing one side of the pram while Sherlock grasped the other and they lifted it to the top of the stairs. Mycroft followed, peering into the pram while Sherlock rang the doorbell.
“Good.” Sherlock declared and picked up a croissant from the plate in the middle of the table. He bit into it.
The only sound in the room was their mingled breath as they stared through the window and the soft snores of Maeve, sleeping soundly on the bed.
The woman, obviously childless and experiencing the pain of having her husband use male prostitutes, turned to peak at them. She froze at being caught and looked at them down her nose.
Maeve gurgled and Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. John chuckled, “she does like to be the centre of attention.”
“Sherlock Holmes will you teach Maeve the truth that from childhood she may realise her unity with God and of Christian doctrine, the gospel ministry and of the salvation by grace through our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ? Will you try to conduct your own life so that by both word and example, Maeve may learn to live joyously and harmoniously with Christian principle and the assurance of salvation- will you strive to do this to the best of your ability?”
Sherlock could practically hear John scrubbing a hand over his face in annoyance and sending an apologetic look to his date.
“I know that” he gestured towards the Turner painting “this painting is a fake and as a restorer here she knew that, she was meeting with someone higher up on the food chain but they already know, I suspect it’s an underground operation to sell the original on the black market. They killed her because she figured it out.”
The signs were there: pale skin with a slight nervous flush down her neck and chest, fingers drumming on the desk. Mints at the top of her bag, an old remedy for sickness, the hunch of her shoulders from backache and bags under her eyes, clear signs of tiredness.
Sherlock looked offended by the question, brow furrowing and nose wrinkling slightly in an undignified manner. He answered honestly, "yes, there is never a time when not having her seems an option anymore, there are things that I would have done differently but I would not change having her in my life, not for one moment."
“Yes, yes very funny.” Sherlock declared annoyed as John and Siger laughed at a story that Violet was telling, struggling to tell as she chuckled.
“Well, the last time we spoke he was dating women and not the father to your child.” She said matter-of-factly.
"She's put on just under two pounds" John looked happy, "that's exactly what we're looking for at this stage of her development. 1-2lbs per month in the first six months."
“No, the last part was a guess, a good one though,” Sherlock admitted with a sly smile. “I observed your expression Harold when I mentioned the holiday, your eyebrows raised minutely, hardly noticeable for anybody that isn’t me, you were surprised but pleasantly, not unpleasantly, from the age of the painting and the frame I deduced that it was from before John’s deployment.”
His mother was stunned to silence and Siger squeezed his wife’s shoulder. His thoughts were all over the place but he found his voice. “She’s had the baby?”
Sherlock’s expression turned murderous. He took a breath, eyes flicking from his brother to his daughter and then stormed off, practically running up the stairs.
Sherlock knocked on the door instead of just walking in, he wanted to make a good impression. A moment later the door swung open, his Mother looked shocked at the sight of him and the pram on the doorstep. She was dressed in a simple but elegant light blue day dress with a matching blazer. There was a flower pin on her collar and her hair was pulled back in a neat arrangement.
It went against Sherlock’s aloof nature but he was once again at the New Scotland Yard in the midst of a party which meant that the majority of the staff were drunk. Sherlock cradled his daughter close to his chest, you couldn’t catch inebriation but you could stupidity, and there was no way he was infecting his daughter with the stupidity of the metropolitan police force. She was focused on the collar of his coat, her fingers roaming over the material as he swayed slightly from side to side.
"He must be very good and have the patience of a saint." John continued playfully, completely in doctor mode as he ran his fingers gently over the area around the wound.
Angelo nodded and gestured to their usual table. He let Sherlock go in first, sitting on the edge of the booth with the buggy beside him, looking in at the sleeping baby while John sat in the window. “Anything you want, on the house.” And with that he ducked away.
Greg patted his shoulder, the clean side of his jacket, and turned to face Sherlock and Maeve. “Has she been car sick before?”
“A sadist.” Sherlock nodded, lip pulling up into a slight smile and eyes twinkling. “The torture would suggest as much.”
“Sparing his feelings,” Sherlock said and for the first time since he’d stepped into his parents’ house, he moved towards the party.
“I do not see myself with children, you and your children are more than enough for me” Mycroft clarified, “I am happy with the life we have.”
“There are distinct footprints in the flower beds, scratches on the front door beside the doorbell and fingers marks on the windows in the kitchen and basement.”
The older woman brushed an invisible fleck of dirt from her sleeve. Presentation was key. Siger was dressed in a pair of dark grey slacks, a black shirts and a blue jumper. Violet donned a similar blue dress with a matching blazer with white lace along the collar and a pearl necklace.
The elder Holmes let everybody step into the house and nudged the door shut with his foot. It closed and he placed the car seat on the table beside a vase of flowers and unstrapped his niece. She looked up at him in curiosity and joy, she gave him a gummy smile the moment she was unstrapped and being lifted towards his body. She gurgled happily and dropped her head onto his shoulder.
“It doesn’t mean anything,” John went on, stepping further into the living room, and closer to his partner and his young ‘prodigy’; as Sherlock had started to refer to her, he saw Sherlock’s grip on her shift but not tighten as he spoke, “so she smiled at Mycroft first.”
“I know, would you like to hold her?” Sherlock asked. Molly’s face lit up. She obviously loved children.
Sherlock was wearing only a beige dressing gown, sticking to his still wet body and Maeve was wearing the same. An almost exact copy of his, though she had a nappy underneath. John was making breakfast. The blonde had a top and his pyjama bottoms on, greying hair mussed from sleep.
Everyone is worried when they finds newspapers with Sherlock and Maeve on the cover and fear that the consulting detective is gone, but really he's just taken Maeve swimming for the first time.
The auburn haired man stepped into sight with Greg, holding hands, and looked up at Sherlock. His grey eyes flicked over his brother and niece. “What do you need?”
Sherlock shook his head and took his place at the side of the table, out of the nurse’s way but close to Maeve. He took both of her arms gently into his hands and crossed them loosely over her chest. She squirmed. “RAMC,” he explained, “he works in this clinic.”
“Are you going to tell me what’s wrong?” John asked, raising an eyebrow slightly and leaning over the bed to pick Maeve up, she frowned in her sleep but didn’t wake up, her hands scrunched into fists and she hit out blindly, fist connecting with his chin. He exhaled and rolled his eyes. “Thank you.”
“I do know how to heat a bottle of milk.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Greg sighed. “I have kids Sherlock, I did heat milk up for them.”
Sherlock relaxed for the first time since they’d gotten home and said, softly. “I love you, John Watson.”
“My mother is a social woman, she and a group of friends put together parties and fundraisers. It’s dreadfully boring.” He explained in a bored tone. “I’ve suffered through many a party for her behalf.”
He turned back to the car and reached inside to retrieve Maeve from his brother’s grasp, he held her up and Sherlock brought her close to his chest instinctively. He then waited and took the changing bag and carseat from his brother, with a small nod of gratitude. He walked towards them, holding the carseat with one hand and using the other to support Maeve, the bag was hooked elegantly over his shoulder.
“Can I read a book?” He asked, gesturing towards the pile atop of the dresser that Mycroft had brought him during his last visit. Sherlock nodded and the elder man stepped across the room and selected a book at random, it was a scientific journal. He settled in the rocking chair and opened the book. He commented, “Hardly light reading.”
“The baby?” Sherlock asked sarcastically as he got to his feet and jiggled his body to sooth the infant on his shoulder. “According to DNA testing and her incredible good looks.”
John rolled his eyes and ran his hand over Maeve's head, he kissed the back of her head and backed away, calling out to Sherlock "I'll be home at five. Be good."
Mrs Hudson took the offered carseat and held it steady, Sherlock unclipped her and lifted her out. He pulled her instinctively towards his chest and held her close, she sniffled but settled against his neck. Mrs Hudson placed the car seat on the floor and smiled at the two of them.
Mycroft’s eyes flicked over the three Watsons stood with a tour guide and then back to John. He smiled.
“Yes, he apologised in advance should we happen upon mother.” Sherlock jiggled his knee up and down to keep the infant on his lap entertained a while longer.
Greg was left with a very unhappy baby, she whined at the loss of Sherlock as he settled her into his arms, cradling her. “Your dad is a bloody nightmare.” Maeve gurgled and squirmed in his arms.
John snorted from the doorway and Sherlock glanced over his shoulder. The blonde was lent against the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest and one leg crossed delicately over the other.
“Fine.” Sherlock managed, voice lowering down and speaking inaudibly fast. “Itsjustthatshesmiledandithoughtyouwouldwanttoknowimsorryitwasstupid.”
“No” Sherlock answered “but I will be bringing my daughter and I’ll need you to make sure that there is nothing that could harm here present at the scene.”
“I thought about it, when I realised she was mine. But the thought alone made me feel sick, made me no better than her mother. I couldn’t do that to her.”
Please, do not forget to comment and tell me what you're thinking. Thank you once again for all your lovely comments and if you haven't already, please have a look at my other fic, Ideal Uncle, which follows the same story from Mycroft's pov.
There was a chorus of disappointed ‘ohs’ and John shook his head in disbelief, he hadn’t expected them to take to Sherlock quite so easily and now he wouldn’t hear the end of it. “Be safe.” John instructed him, leaning towards him slightly.
Maeve opened her mouth and Sherlock pushed the teething ring into her mouth. She grabbed at his hand and started chewing on the cold ring, her expression a mixture of emotions before settling on ‘this is probably ok.’ Her eyes flicked to John in a ‘look Papa’ way.
Hello, you lovely people, I know it's been an age since I updated this fic and the truth is I've had most of this chapter since December but just didn't get around to actually finishing and uploading it. BUT HERE IT IS. I've finally managed to complete it. I'm not going to give you lots of excuses, just know that this fic is very much alive and I will be updating it regularly from now on alongside my other fics.
Angelo appeared, stopping to peak into the pram at the sleeping baby before looking up at them. He greeted. “Sherlock, John.”
Sherlock snorted. She was hardly big. Yes she’d grown slightly, putting on a healthy amount of weight considering that she was tiny when she had arrived wearing the new-born baby grow which was slightly too big. It fit her snuggly now and she would be wearing the next size up soon.
“Fine Gregory.” Mycroft answered, scolding the older man. Maeve was completely content, wrapped up in her coat, gloves and scarf with two separate blankets snug around her body. He was surrounded by a group of worriers.
He fell forward body thumping against the floor as he blinked slowly, there were footsteps and hushed voices but he couldn’t make them out above the buzzing.
“We have a client,” Sherlock announced, stepping back from the window and over the bouncy chair by his feet, somehow managing it with the grace of a cat, and gliding towards his chair. He sat down, slipped his shoes on and steepled his hands beneath his chin, his customary pose to greet clients with.
It was one of his earliest memories. Mycroft playing the piano.  Music had always been part of his life. If it wasn’t his mother singing as she potted about the house or his father playing music that his mother did not like or approve of, it was Mycroft on the piano. He’d picked up the violin early, it was expected of him and he couldn’t resent his parents for that. The music he produced on it had been his only solace for some years. An expression of himself, Mycroft had once put it.
Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out his mobile, he handed it to John. The ex-army doctor looked down at the locked screen then back up at the consulting detective. “Password.”
The lift was still waiting as they approached and Anthea stepped forward; assuring that people knew that they were intended to get in, a young man, a nurse, put him arm in front of the door with a polite smile. Anthea returned the smile. It was a well-practiced smile, something she was used to in her line of work, liaising with some of the most powerful people in the world. They stepped inside and turned, to face the doors as they closed, sealing them inside.
“Robert Innes was reported missing yesterday night, his parents received a call ten hours later, as per MO, the same amount of money. If he follows pattern we have eleven hours till we find his body.”
“The proof was left on my doorstep two days later, DNA testing proves she is mine, if there was any doubt.”
Sherlock sighed dramatically and turned away from the mirror which he had already littered in pieces of paper that could be somewhat relevant to the case they were on. Maeve was cradled in the sling, attached to his front and seemingly invisible from behind as it was over his shirt and under his open dressing gown. He was holding a bottle to her lips which she suckled from with enthusiasm.
“My mother is a social woman.” Sherlock admitted, his eyes fixed on Harold. “She is caring, compassionate, loving and trusting, but reputation means a great deal to them.”
They didn’t start opening the presents beneath the tree until everybody was fed and the empty coffee cups were cleaned away. John took a small gift from the front of the pile and placed it in front of Maeve. With some encouragement from them both, she opened it to reveal a small soft toy penguin.
“I would appreciate if you stopped with the fabrications” Sherlock scolded as he approached. John turned to face him, striding down the pathway with his coat billowing behind him. He placed one hand on the wall and hopped over it effortlessly, leaning against it beside John. “Falsehoods are not something that I wish my daughter to learn.”
Evelyn was lain on the bed wearing a plain white onesie. Her face was angled up towards the ceiling but her new eyes were unable to focus on anything in particular. Her cheeks were rosy and Mycroft could barely contain the urge to touch them like some sort of old lady that pinched the cheeks of any child close by. It was abhorrent but he supposed, natural. Most parents would feel this way. It was not uncommon though a new feeling for him.
The infant reacted by glancing around the room in search of the noise, impaired by her position in the chair and John took pity on her, and moved to the side so that she could see him. Her excited movements doubled and he unstrapped her quickly, pulling her into his arms. She sighed against his neck and continued with kicking against his chest.
“- and stubbed his toe on the armchair, he tripped and flailed around before he caught himself. She found it hilarious.”
The consulting detective climbed the stairs slowly and when he reached the top, stepped directly into the kitchen. There were plates and cutlery on the table along with sauces and glasses. He placed the bag on the table. John and Mycroft both stepped around the corner. He gestured towards his daughter. “I’m just going to.”
“He’s handling it rather admirably.” Mycroft jiggled his niece slightly and she cooed in response, a sound not dissimilar to a pigeon on the hunt for food. He shot her a look of mild fascination.
“No, it’s fine.” Sherlock gestured vaguely with his hand. “No doubt Mummy and I, will be spending the morning together.”
“Her routine, you feed her every two to three hours. She hasn’t been fed in three hours. Another hour, not including the time it takes to get her location will be pushing it,” John informed him. “She hasn’t been changed, there will be chafing that will get progressively worse.”
“Well I’ll be sure to justify it the next time I have a baby” Sherlock raised an eyebrow and continued the light heartedness, he wasn’t about to go out of his way to cause an argument two days after being discharged from hospital.
“You went shopping?” John asked as he came into the room, eyebrow raised at the government official.
“I’ll be more careful this time,” he told her, placing a lingering kiss to her forehead “I promise, Daddy promises.”
“Sher-Sherlock” she stuttered, kneeling down to retrieve her files. He stopped dead in front of her. She stood up slowly, cautious of the files and catching a glance at the infant in his arms. She was dozing peacefully, dark hair peaking from a small white hat. Her eyelashes were dark and long against her pink cheeks. She was dressed in what appeared to be a cream Gucci coat above a simple floral bodysuit.
Sherlock Holmes eyes were clear like the sea after the storm. He glanced around absently as he edged down the stairs in small practiced movements, the wood cold against his bare feet. Both hands were dedicated to his daughter; one hand holding her firmly against his chest and the other utilised as a dummy for the infant. She sucked on the finger and held it there, he was reluctant to take his hand away from her.
Sorry this took so long but I am in the midst of all my assignments. I haven't got long left, so you can look forward to regular updates shortly.
“What on earth have you done John?” Sherlock demanded as he strolled out of the bedroom wearing nothing but some silk pyjama bottoms despite the October chill. He stopped dead next to the fridge and crossed his arms over his chest. His eyes widened at the sight unfolding in front of him. John was stood on the threshold between the living room and kitchen dressed in some plain jeans and a dark blue jumper with small dots of coloured fabric within the wool. Maeve was sat on his hip having just had her breakfast and been burped wearing, what Sherlock could only describe as a monstrosity.
Sherlock paused and swung the buggy round so that he could face John with Maeve resting beside him, snoring away. They had reached a quiet part of the park, nobody could overhear their conversation. He kept one hand on the buggy as he stopped in front of John with hardly any gap between them, he looked down at the ex-army doctor. His eyes were like a cloudy sky before a storm, silver and grey streaked blue. They were open and vulnerable, not a look one was used to seeing from Sherlock Holmes.
“How’s it going?” John laid back down on the bed, looking up at Sherlock from between his lashes as he fought the urge to rub at his eyes. He didn’t want to wake himself up further and not be able to sleep later.
He continued with a prayer and verse from the bible. Then, he invited Sherlock and the godparents to stand with him, close to the font. Sherlock stood begrudgingly, forced to peels Maeve’s hands from John, which she was no happy about, she whined loudly which caused a few laughs in the pews. He pacified her by rocking her gently in his arms. He took his place between Greg and Molly, the former looked amused at how out of place Sherlock looked.
"Because of you John." Sherlock told him, tone completely serious as he looked up and fixed the blonde with his stormy eyes.
“Because he knows what I want.” Sherlock replied, casual, as he crossed one leg over the other and wiped the drool from his finger on a napkin.
Greg sighed to himself and muttered, unable to keep the smile from settling on his face, “Bloody Holmeses.”
Mycroft smirked and left, retreating down the stairs. Sherlock waited until the front door slammed shut then raised an eyebrow at his daughter, “you did that on purpose, you little terror.”
Sherlock frowned at himself, cleared his throat and reached for Maeve. “Don’t tell him I told you that.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, confused. “You cannot expect me to carry her the entire day, I will need the use of my hands and she likes to be close to me.”
“Well, until then, I guess I’ll just have to get a butterfly painted on my cheek.” His smile widened.
The doctor nodded and continued. “There was a risk of cord prolapse, meaning that the amniotic sac could break and cause the umbilical cord to become compressed and complications arise with oxygen flow to the baby. Luckily, we avoided such complications. Apart from that, everything was routine. We just wanted to monitor her breathing and make sure that everything was ok. And we have the results of the paternity test.”
I promise that Sherlock is ok in this chapter, he doesn't regret becoming a father or resent Maeve in the slightest but as we know, he has an addictive personality and is often bored. So, time away may help.
Sherlock took his time picking up Maeve and resting her carefully over his shoulder, and packing their belongings away with one hand. When he was finished he left the family changing area and walked in the direction of the costa, John was talking to the barista getting them some drinks so Sherlock slid into a chair where the blonde would easily see him.
“She’s cute,” The waitress tucked the round tray underneath her arm. “Your starters will be ready shortly.”
“I fell over his legs when he was trying to get back up.” Greg admitted. “Which is how he hit his head.”
“It’s fairly regular, especially in babies.” The blonde told him. Sherlock knew this of course but he needed to hear it, they both knew that.
Twenty minutes later Maeve jolted in her sleep and hit herself in the eye with her closed fist, jerking awake shocked. She screamed. Siger dropped his book, it hit the ground with a soft thump and lay forgotten as leaned forward in his seat. He scooped her up in his arms and got to his feet, rocking her side to side as she cried. The sound was heart-breaking, he wondered how Sherlock managed with this but pushed the thought aside as he cradled her tightly.
“Child abandonment” Greg offered in explanation, pulling his notebook and pen from his coat pocket. He opened it to the correct page and read. “New-born baby abandoned, found on a doorstep. The hospital phoned.”
“So, you evoking the power of deities instead of using my name, is not a compliment?” Sherlock asked.
He bobbed up and down slightly, gesturing without his arms to his daughter. “has no thoughts on the colour pink and until she does it remains my decision, we are avoiding pink.”
Once he was finished with the main body of the house he gestured towards the next room which was separated from view with a large drape made from a burgundy velvet.
“She -” the young officer fumbled with his words, he was visibly shaking now. “She was sleeping in the car.”
"Do you think she'll have your eyes?" John asked conversationally. Sherlock had beautiful eyes, a deep and unnerving blue with green pools like a lagoon, shimmering different shades in the light and a ring of gold around the pupil, a singular dot of brown in the right eye.
Violet looked up at her husband, not bothering to scold her son for his obscene language. Siger was having trouble processing the information, his eyes wide and not able to communicate anything at this present moment. His mother said, understanding. “And you’re sure that she’s pregnant?”
“I know.” Sherlock repeated, flopping onto the sofa dramatically. He landed with a soft thump, his face in the pillow and feet hanging off the end.
He gestured towards the hallway, the blonde looked confused but got up and followed him anyway. The moment he left Siger released a breath that he didn’t know he had been holding. Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “I told you he was attentive.”
“Imprudent?” John repeated questioningly, raising an eyebrow. This was the closest thing to admitting he was wrong.
His father was right, in the single night and morning he’d spent at the hospital he’d managed to offend every nurse and doctor that tended to him. That afternoon, with Mycroft’s approval, he was released into the care of John Watson. Maeve had spent the night with his elder brother and was back with him, today though John had to run some errands leaving Sherlock in the capable hands of his parents.
“Can you hold her?” Sherlock asked, looking at Mycroft as he stepped out of the car with a worried expression. He was taken back but nodded and accepted the baby. He held her out for a moment, eyes flicking over her before he brought her closer.
Sherlock walked into the shop with such purpose that Siger struggled to keep up. He told the woman his name and moments later they were sat at their own table in the loud shop. In front of them were some plain white plates and mugs that they were going to paint, apparently.
The blonde reached down to untangle the infants hands from the cats fur and pick her up as she cried, tears already streaming down her cheeks as she screamed with frustration, sad and angry that she wasn’t getting her way. It was nothing compared to her cries of pain but still horrible to listen to.
John looked at Sherlock for help but the consulting detective merely smirked and muttered, “They’re your parents, it was your responsibility to tell them, not mine.”
“Clothes.” Sherlock muttered like he wasn’t aware that he was even speaking, still lost in his mind and not focusing at all on his surroundings.
“When did you get back?” John asked settling back into his previous position his side, the little spoon to Sherlock’s big spoon.
Maeve was tucked in the doctor’s shorter arms, for the first time. He was jiggling up and down, slightly and an unconscious movement.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and stepped towards John, the blonde didn’t move for a moment but then stepped backwards, out of the doorway, and allowed his partner to pass, following him to the bed the bed. He place Maeve in the centre, still wrapped in her towel, her eyes flicked to the ceiling and then back to Sherlock as though she were feeling betrayed at being put down. She frowned and John sat down beside her.
Sherlock followed his father into the living room. John was sat in the exact spot that he’d left him with his legs tucked under his body and a case file resting on his knee. Mycroft and Greg were on the opposite sofa going through the casefiles covering the coffee table. Anthea was sat on the floor to the side of the table, her shoes beside her and legs tucked underneath her body. They looked up as he walked in.
“Hmmm” Mycroft hummed in acknowledgement, not looking up from the file he was currently reading while his PA gazed at the infant; her expression a strange mixture of fascination and curiosity, there was longing in her dark eyes.
“It’s just some bits. Bottles. Steriliser. Clothes. Nappies and wipes. Muslin.” She waved her hands around slightly, “just the usual baby stuff, you know?”
Mycroft sighed and sat back in his seat, placing one arm on the back of the chair and crossing one leg over the other. “Yes, I’m rather hoping that the addition of a granddaughter will outweigh my omitting the truth, it’s guaranteed in fact.”
“Yes,” he patted the small girl’s head with an awkward smile and cleared his throat. His said with an unconvincing tone, “It’s good to see you, too.”
Maeve whined at the sight of her father walking away from her and Greg bounced her minutely, he told her, “He’ll be back in a minute, sweetheart.”
The scene before him could only be described as anarchy, complete anarchy. There were police cars parked at all angles across the street with officers controlling the scene and two ambulances parked beside Gregory’s silver BMW, one empty and the other with two paramedics waiting eagerly by the open doors.
“Not long enough.” Mycroft admitted. “She had Sherlock up this morning and has been rather difficult to manage today.”
“I know that you’ve been having a…difficult time as of late, and I thought that I could help or at least try to.” His father rambled. His father never rambled.
“The nursery is done.” John said after a moment. Sherlock acknowledge this with a grunt, he placed the bags in his hands beside the others and the baby bag on the coffee table. He then plopped himself onto the sofa, holding Maeve tight to his chest and throwing his head back against the wall. “Feel better?”
Sherlock snorted and reached towards the passing waiter, he effortlessly picked up two full champagne flutes from the moving tray and handed one to John as he sipped his own.
Siger smiled sadly at Sherlock, “your mother is running around like she usually does at these events.”
“So I’m your guinea pig,” John said more to himself, pulling his hand back and unscrewing the cap of the teething gel. “Charming.”
Sherlock hummed but said nothing. He wordlessly offered the baby to his brother, Mycroft stood up in a flash and scooped the baby from his little brothers protective hold, cradling her against his torso. Siger’s eyes widened at the sight, his sons were getting along and Mycroft seemed to adore the child as much as Sherlock.
John couldn’t repress the shocked look that crossed his face. Sally pretended politely not to notice, he was technically her superior after all and Greg remained silent; not shocked just silent.
Sherlock watched from the window as his brother left Baker Street. The government official had come to retrieve Maeve for the day while the consulting detective and his army doctor worked a case for a private client. He was in a black pinstripe three piece suit with a long black coat over the top, Maeve was in her own cream coat and pressed against his chest, protected against the wind. She had on a hat to match her outfit, a purple outfit with a cartoon racoon on the front.
Mycroft cracked a smile in response. Though the compliment wasn’t for him it but his daughter but a warm feeling spread inside of him. He was proud. He mentally berated himself, it was ridiculous to feel proud of a new-born baby for finishing her bottle, but he couldn’t deny the emotion that was washing over him. He ignored it and put her in the correct position, sat on his leg with her head resting in his palm. He began rubbing her back softly, surely until he felt and heard her burp. When he was finished, he looked up at his brother, aware that he’d been watching him avidly like a goldfish with a TV soap. “Satisfied?”
It was painful, being there, watching them all interact. It was too much. Christmas had been perfect when it was just the three of them, with John and Maeve he didn’t have to pretend. He could just be himself. He could literally wake John up in the middle of the night for any reason and the blonde wouldn’t hold it against him even if the blonde did protest sometimes.
“Definitely magic” Sherlock agreed with a huffed laugh. A groan caught his attention. His daughter was now wriggling on the bed and by the looks of things on the verge of tears. Sherlock shot to his feet and muttered. “If you’ll excuse me.”
The auburn haired man nodded and refocused his attention on his niece, craning his neck to look down at her. She smiled up at him. He smiled back and picked up the bottle to show her, her eyes narrowed and her smile dropped slightly, replaced by a look of anticipation. He placed the bottle back on the table for a moment and shifted her into the correct position, cradled in one arm and picked it back up, popping the lid off with one finger and offered it to her. He guided the teat into her mouth and she suckled from it hungrily.
Anthea scrolled for a moment. “There doesn’t seem to be needed for concern just yet if there are any further symptoms contact a doctor or go straight to the hospital. Until then, keep a close eye on her.”
The executive decision to keep Maeve awake was going to bite Sherlock on the arse, he knew is already. The longer she stayed up the fussier she became. They had gotten through the majority of the photos now, everyone on their own and with their partners, everyone had a photo with Maeve singularly and in pairs, now it was time for Maeve. She was lagging.
I also want to say that while sticking to my promise of regular updates I am starting a new job tomorrow, so wish me luck.
“You do know that I’d never leave.” John said quickly, suddenly the conversation was getting really serious. “Not before, and definitely not now.”
The door swung open to reveal his mother dressed in a black and orange ensemble that practically streamed Halloween. In her hand was a plastic pumpkin with small toys inside.
Sherlock nodded and John lifted up the carseat that she occupied. The detective inspector unstrapped and scooped her up, holding her up for a second before bringing her to his chest, holding her bum with one hand and her back with the other. She made no sound but sighed the moment her face met the juncture of his neck. “Just needed a cuddle,” he explained.
I have tons of work to do but finish uni on the 8th and will be updating regularly once more, might even update later as a reward for finishing this essay (if i ever finish this stupid essay)
“The audio is being analysed as we speak,” she looked up from her phone and up at her boss, professional but as affected by the events as everyone else. “The money is being compiled and will be here in twenty minutes.”
The room was silent when Greg finished introducing Amanda Cole to the consulting detective. She sat in the client chair, her eyes flicking from Greg to the pale man with a baby on his lap. Her hand fiddled with the opposite sleeve and eventually, her eyes dropped to the floor.
“And you just moved in?” His mother asked, curious. She took a seat opposite the consulting detective.
“I eat with you on Sundays.” He frowned and spoke, mouth still mostly full. “I had toast when you came over this morning.”
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement but said nothing, he watched his mother and daughter as they settled down for their own photos. It started on the sofa, then moved onto a few of them by the fireplace. Kelly then had them in the kitchen, it was more often or not where you would find his mother and seemed fitting. Siger joined in afterwards, so that the three of them had some photos together and then the two of them alone, his father and Maeve. Sherlock stayed close enough to keep Maeve interested.
Sherlock's frown deepened, "that has little to do with your bedside manner and more the fact that you've showed her some attention."
“Come on” The army doctor urged as he made his way towards the door. He watched with a fond smile as Sherlock pushed himself up from the sofa using his free arm while keeping a firm but gentle grip on the sleeping child.
“I’m afraid that there were complications during the labour.” The other, male, doctor informed him. “We were afraid that because of her age and the strain the labour put on her body. Despite our best efforts she haemorrhaged shortly after giving birth and we were unable to stop the bleed, I’m so sorry Mr. Holmes.”
“It should be interesting enough,” Greg assured him. “So, how are things with her? Well, except for the explosion of poo.”
“Only the one day.” Sherlock managed a grim smile, his head throbbing with the steady beat of his pulse.
Mycroft was close to a retort about the obviousness of her single, childless existence when his mother swooped in, probably sensing his need to be rescued. “Mycroft, I’ve been searching for you, your brother is fussing about a lost blanket or toy, and perhaps you should help him find it.”
“I wish,” Greg snorted, continuing to bounce the baby in small movements in an attempt to keep her content, “She belongs to Sherlock Holmes, our consultant.”
Sherlock sniffed. “It’s not all old money, it was earnt and passed through generation. My grandfather was a businessman and my father, a government worker, much like Mycroft, they earnt their fortunes. My mother…well, she is from old money but her family also earnt their wealth.”
Sherlock placed one last kiss on the skin and shifted, lifting himself up onto his forearms so that he was close to and could look at the ex-soldier. John watched him carefully, gazing up the consulting detective fondly.
“Feel better?” Sherlock asked as John emerged from the shower. He had a towel around his hips, on his shoulders and nothing else.
Sherlock considered it for a moment and nodded hesitantly, hands abandoning his violin and steepling beneath his chin.
John cleared his throat. “Look, I know you don’t like Sherlock. He’s a bit eccentric but you don’t have to like him, all you have to do it support me and my decision and be polite.”
The queue for security was long and moving at the pace of a snail and Maeve was squirming in his grasp, kicking him repeatedly in the stomach. Her eyes flicking over the crowded and loud airport. “I would appreciate it,” he said to her, quietly, loud enough that she and Mycroft, who was stood behind him, could hear. “If you would stop kicking me.”
John raised an eyebrow. He had just finished with his last patient of the day and was closing the file, which he placed on the neat stack on the corner of his desk. He huffed a breath and got to his seat, replacing the chair at the desk neatly as he reached for his coat and scarf. “Are they cute?” John asked.
“A baby monitor.” He clarified. “I have two, one for her room and one for my own. They also need to be set up, for now, we are going to use one of Mycroft’s camera and stream it to a tablet. Ok?”
“For including me.” The blonde smiled, a small lopsided smile that was almost too perfect for words.
Happy New Years everyone!!!! I have rushed through this so you could all have a NYE treat, sorry for any mistakes but I am currently drinking cider and trying to rush out to a party.
“And you can’t take her with you?” Mycroft raised an eyebrow. He knew that his brother had been working cases with her in tow. He craned his neck slightly to look at his niece sleeping in her pram on the other side of his desk. She was breathing evenly, breath coming out in high-pitched snores that could only be classified as adorable.
“Any problems?” Sherlock asked as he hopped over the garden wall using one arm to support his body, the movement smooth and well executed.
Edward stepped forward and placed a hand on his wife’s shoulder. “Mycroft, if you have something to tell us, just say it. You don’t have to be afraid.”
Sherlock smiled despite himself, constantly surprised that John was able to extract such reactions from him.
“I’ve got a few cases,” he pocketed his phone and turned his full attention to his mother and his daughter.
“It’s difficult John.” Sherlock tried. “My parents are…particular people, they do not approve of me and my various lifestyle choices, a child out of wedlock and out of love will not be taken lightly. The whole conversation will be a dreadfully boring lecture to me.”
“Fine, it just scared her.” John said with a small smile. He picked up his phone with his free hand, the one he wanted to use to rub down her back and calm her.
He gave a curt nod to which John raised his eyebrow. Sherlock frowned and remained silent for a moment, then admitted, “This is not an experience that I wish to repeat.”
“Maeve doesn’t have an hour.” Sherlock announced. He turned back to face the room. “She’s eleven weeks old, she hasn’t been fed since we left Baker Street or changed since the hospital.”
“Hmm, oh, yes, thank you John.” He was too focused on his phone to hear him, responding to texts with one hand and using the other to support Maeve, holding her up against his body. She seemed quite content, eyes flicking up at the blonde and smiling; displaying her gums to him.
Maeve looked affronted but the expression quickly morphed into a smile at the sight of her papa crouched in front of her with her cuddly bee toy in his hand.
Sherlock regarded him for a moment. “You met my family at the christening. It will be most of them, but not all, they don’t all partake in the Christmas season like us.”
The infant was wearing a small red dress that mimicked a Santa costume. It would have been cute had it not been exactly the opposite of what Sherlock would have dressed her in. The only good thing was that he had a spare set of clothes for her in the bag, ready for an ‘accidental’ spillage of food or drink.
“I left the papoose out for you, it’s on the desk and the bag is on the table.” Sherlock rambled, pulling on his coat and fastening his scarf. His eyes were flicking over the flat in small rapid motions and occasionally settled on John, standing in the bedroom doorway with Maeve in his arms. The blonde looked annoyed and amused. “There’s a bottle on the side…”
She nodded and went back to the case file in front of her. Mycroft watched his brother closely and Greg smiled at him. Violet bustled into the room with a tray. She placed it on the table.
“This is all very…interesting.” Sherlock faked a smile and reminded him. “But you are here for a reason.”
Maeve was absolutely absorbed in her own world, kicking her legs out in short fast movements that jiggled the wooden high-chair that the hotel had provided. Her hands were fiddling with the small plastic toys on the tray in front of her and she babbled in a steady, melodic way that almost imitated singing. It was beautiful and loud. There were a few people at the table glancing in disapproval but they were stopped short by his mother or father meeting their gaze and starting a new, rather dull conversation. He knew that they were doing it to stop a scene, to protect the gala from him but he appreciated the gesture even if he had deduced some scandalous ammunition. Maeve’s shriek signalled her impatience at not being fed quicker. Sherlock shot her a feign scandalised look, the corner of his mouth turning up in amusement as he scooped up some food, or as John called it, mush. It was a savoury mixture of sweet potato and carrot that she seemed to enjoy. He offered her some and watched as she swallowed the end of the yellow spoon eagerly. He pulled out the spoon sans food glad that he’d chosen a bib with sleeves to protect her outfit from the orange mush.
