Reznik is more than willing to come with them. Liz tries to make him talk about the fake agent, but he’s lost in his own made-up tales, one being more ridiculous than the other. They took the picture of Bela with as well.
Dean doesn’t feel good about lying, he never has, but it’s become so natural, that usually he doesn’t even notice when he does it, like a second nature. This time he’s surprised to recognize a little guilt intertwined with the lies. Don Eppes has been a bit too insightful for his liking. He glances a look at the man, all business and concrete, hell, maybe it was the flirting that rubbed him the wrong way. Naah, would do him some good. Dean smirks and gathers his full attention to the dead girl. He hadn’t known Bela for long, she was always in and out of their lives, more concerned about money than lives, but she did do them a solid once. Before she died the first time, that is. Was it only her body, that was brought back somehow and killed again? A shapeshifter, a ghoul? No, those bodies would’ve collapsed by now, the human bonestructure melting away after a few hours. Resurrection it is then. A witch? Meg? And what the hell had killed them again? The same thing that brought Bela back?
“I wouldn’t call myself an expert, no, just someone who knows how to pay attention to details and some of my professors liked my thoughts, that’s about all.”
There isn’t many visible injuries, both Bela and Meg look like they were still alive, a thin layer of ice covering them.
A phone rings somewhere nearby. Oh, it’s on the wall. Colby answers it, giving Dean some thoughtful looks now and again. Ha knocks on the glass wall and Eppes comes back. Huh, I guess it’s finally the call. Why the fuck didn’t they phone sooner, like two hours ago when he started driving?
Huh? What? He lets go of the knife and instead offers his hand: “Dean Winchester.” His throat’s getting dry, the intense gaze is still holding on to him.
The woman rolls her eyes and opens her mouth: “I’m Eileen,” she signs along with the words and looks at Dean.
The doctor and Winchester share another quite meaningful look. “Is there something I should know about?” Don directs his question at Dean, who drops his eyes, but doesn’t elaborate.
“What? That I can come and do as I please? Saved the president from Lucifer, no biggie,” he says while reading the registration information on the wall.
They take Colby’s car and Liz finds directions on her phone while Colby fills her in on the whole Winchesters’ business. Liz lets out a low whistle: “So, that’s something. You think the guy is guilty?”
“Listen, I’m at Reznik’s house and he says there was an agent talking to him yesterday, agent Clarence. He wasn’t one of Winchester’s by any chance?”
“Now, Sam, you’re gonna be working at the archive at the moment, well unless you’re needed somewhere else, we do work rotations her so, you know, no one would get bored. Now, if you could just take a seat over here,” Pamela’s hands practically manhandle his tall body to a stool, “and I’m gonna take a snap. There we are,” the picture is slowly coming to life, Pam breathes some air onto it, looks at it, looks at Sam and back again and finally nods. “I’ve got your cards and credentials prepared, they really didn’t want us to waste any time,” she adds the photo and seals the plastic card. “There you go!” her smile is as toothy as shark’s. Sam nods and takes his things.
“Yeah, I’ll give it a go, ask Nikki to join me and bring some photos along. She’s seen him just working, right?”
“He’s good, I can tell you that. Can’t exactly read his body language, so could be. He knows enough.”
“We would like to have a few words with you, mister Winchester. If you could come to the station that would be very helpful,” Granger says, his tone filled with ice. So they don’t have evidence to arrest him, that’s good.
Reznik slumps into his thoughts: “I don’t, you know, this is gonna sound crazy, but maybe some whoosh! sound? Like a silent train, this flow of air, but no, I didn’t hear her talking or anything. Like I said, one moment she just tries to get in and the other, dead!”
“Now you’re getting it,” Charlie wets her lips and gives Liz a once-over with much more heated gaze than before. She quickly turns to Colby then. “Whatya doing? Searching for sigils? I was afraid it’ll be that kind of a case,” her tone of voice goes from playful to serious in a matter of seconds.
“So, our  prime suspects are Sam Winchester and the journalist? I don’t know, I would count him out. I checked out the magazine and it’s some creepy stuff, but I can’t really picture them killing someone for a story. They’re more of a research journal. Tips how to recognize and kill supernatural creatures. I mean,” Liz pushes a pen behind her ear and taps the table with her fingers, “unless they thought the victims weren’t human or some shit like that. What do we know about that Reznik guy? Seems likeable, but he was the first one on the scene.”
the victims actually died. It’s like they were forced to not exist anymore. Sam Winchester is probably their guy, too many connections and coincidences to be innocent. Despite his masterful puppy eyes. He knew what the symbols meant, he knew at least one of the victims, he’s been in town for the murders. And his brother is a high-rank fed or something. Still, something doesn’t add up. He didn’t seem to know why they brought him in for questioning, but his eyes had been following her and Larry when they were talking to Moseley. Highly observant.
“Yeah, we already discussed with doctor MacLeod,” he says before Kevin could start talking about various injuries. “You have any ideas about what caused it? No matter how out of the box.”
“Probably about the case,” Steve mumbles and tightens his lips, “Dean’s not just…” he fails to end his thoughts as Dean and another man are back. Shorter, dark hair and sunglasses lifted up on the forehead.
This whole conversation seems like two suspects trying to hide something from the third party. He’d have to confront Dean about it later.
“That bad, huh?” Liz is thoughtful for a second, before they both turn to leave. “So, what did I miss yesterday? Got a cryptic voicemail from Don, seems like something’s brewing.”
The redheaded doctor nods at him, but still focuses her attention on Dean instead: “Please, Rowena. You boys can always call me Rowena, feels more like family, aye? Step inside, feel yourselves at home,” she waves them to her cabinet and follows, her heels clacking on the floor. She slips through them, hands lingering on their shoulders and leans against her desk.
Then, he is finally transferred to the reading hall and he feels relief. Missouri’s thoughtful gazes had started to appear in his dreams. So he smiles and talks to people, helps them find certain books, meanwhile always feeling watched.
“Yeah, please do so,” Dean hands his card to Steve, but then pulls it back, “listen, if I don’t answer this one, then my personal number should do it,” he scribbles another number on the piece of paper and shoves it at Steve, who lifts a corner of his mouth.
“Yeah, shredded to pieces back in Pennsylvania, six years ago that was. I guess there’s some poetry there.”
“Right,” Sam interrupts him, “no offence, but right now my pattern is not to get arrested for crimes I didn’t commit,” he addresses the last words at agent Betancourt.
Now it’s Sam’s turn to fake laugh. He is more quiet about it, more reserved in his answers. “So that the next time you happen to see me, I’ll end up in prison in no time? I know how this work, agent boss,” he chews his lips for a brief second while saying that. He acts cocky, but it doesn’t seem to be natural to him.
“What is it with that guy? Does he know?” it was rare of any kind of law enforcement to know about the supernatural.
“What you got?” it’s Colby, who answers her, without looking up from the photos he’s still concentrated on.
Dean hands her his card: “Don’t forget to call as soon as you come up with something new, regarding the freezing substances.”
There is a knock on the door. “Don, a word?” Colby looks a bit nervously around. Nikki nods and Don leaves the room. “What’s up? We were just starting something.”
That’s a load of shit. “That’s a load of messed up,” she says, “he’s brother is involved in this, what are they thinking?” she stands and stretches her whole body. It’s been a long day.
“A few years,” Colby is determined to look through the glass-wall, instead of at Dean. He looks good, kinda stiff, but all the more interesting. It makes Dean grin a little. Ex-military maybe.
“Might be worth to check it out?” Colby turns to look at Charlie, “it’s not like we’ve got a lot else. I’ll let Don know. Anything on the sigils?”
“Yeah, Yeah, I hear you, what do you want me to do? And it’s not as if I’m doing anything illegal here, right?”
Sure, there had been a time when Sam wanted to become a lawyer, but that desire had died after the first semester of studying. It had all been about papers and diplomacy and laws and none of the professors really seemed to care about the people. In addition, he had barely seen Jess, their schedules just truly didn’t match, so in the middle of the schoolyear he made a rash decision of changing his major. He had contemplated about history and English literature, but in the end he decided for information and the librarian profession. It had been the best decision of his life, apart from leaving home that is. He loved every part of it, the information search, the cataloguing, the new ways to approach people and of course, the old books that were considered a rarity. Only thing that required a bit getting used to had been the chilly temperature of archives. And he still managed to take mythology classes to sharpen his knowledge in all things occult. Old habits do die hard.
“Well, clearly you weren’t doing your job right and that’s all there was,” he’s aiming for something hurtful.
the book is called. How very amusing and fitting. He creaks his neck and slides fingers through his hair, when he hears someone entering the room. He doesn’t look up before he hears the voice, he doesn’t recognize it.
“Hey! Don’t judge a book by its cover, those are some stereotypical assumptions you’re making,” Dean’s playfully pointing his finger.
“Hey, you work here!” it’s more of a statement than a question. He’s pointing at the employee card Sam’s pocket, “what is it, Sam Winchester?” he reads from the name card, “well it was a pleasure to meet you, Sam, I’m Alan,” he offers his hand and Sam shakes it. “Yes, nice to meet you,” he can’t hide a smile that keeps creeping up on him. He’s missed talking to people who doesn’t know him and Alan seems like a great guy. “You teach a course on engineering? I couldn’t help but notice the schematics,” Sam takes a chance at continuing the conversation.
“He’s been okayish so far,” Liz answers before she notices her shirt with a miniature girl from Harry Potter, swinging a wand at a black feather along with printer words
“What?” Don throws his hands in the air and Liz has difficulties hiding her laughter. He’s adorably comical, takes her back to the time they were both young and reckless. Well, she’s still young, Don not so much. Except right now.
“Why would anyone paint religious marks on the walls?” Nikki mutters to herself. There are various crosses and pentagrams-hexagrams-triangles and who the hell knows what else. “Maybe the hand is some sort of symbol itself? Could be.”
Sam blinks rapidly and picks up the photo to investigate closely: “Where..,” he starts slowly, almost as if he’s talking to himself. Then he puts it back on the table and looks at Don: “Where was this? When?” Don and Nikki exchange a look, Nikki grabs the photo back, looks at it and back at Sam. It’s clear the guy knows one or two about the symbols.
“Ok, thanks,” Colby stretches and leaves the room, probably in search of the boss. Charlie turns her attention to Liz.
He looks even more like a cloud of thunder. “So, Robin didn’t have anything to say right now, but she promised to look into it. We’re still investigating him, just stay low, don’t want anyone to end up in trouble. Fucking politics.”
He’s adjusting the things on his table and waiting for Liz. He had a rather sleepless night and Colby doesn’t really want to think about why. He didn’t have nightmares and he didn’t have arguments that would keep him away from sleep with anyone. Also, everything he said yesterday was said because of work. That’s exactly why, a small voice in his head is saying, but this is not a place to give in to it.
“Don Eppes, FBI,” he gets to the point right away, “which one of you is Steve Clarence?” he folds his arms on the chest.
“Agents, why don’t we all step further, take a seat? There’s only two of us here today, we’re more of the work-at-home type of journal. Benjamin Lafitte,” he adds with a nod to agent Eppes, who shakes his hand quickly and firmly.
“Now,” Missouri’s lazy deep voice takes over, “Larry, I love you, but sometimes you don’t know how to behave and miss Betancourt, I hope you have
“I’ll show you down-stairs and then Missouri can fill you in on the work itself. And then, when you have some free time, you can always come look for me,” she winks.
“Okay,” Liz opens her tablet. She hasn’t used actual paper files for who knows how long. Another long whistle: “This case just gets creepier by the minute, doesn’t it? This guy’s psychological state is not normal,” Liz is always careful with her words, he hasn’t asked her why.
“A problem? No, why would there be a problem? My investigation is being taken over by the brother of my main suspect and someone named Charlie, who is not my brother. How am I supposed to get used to that? There’s no problem at all,” he’s not exactly yelling, but not that far from it either. Seems slightly annoyed.
Shit. Dean feels cold and he fists his hands until they hurt. So, it is this kind of case. How is he supposed to keep it under radar? Sam also flinches at the words.
“Was I? I don’t recall ever saying I was an agent, perhaps you should talk to your witness again.” Steve lies. Benny
“Me? Ha!” Alan lets out a bark of laughter, then looks around to not disturb anyone, “oh, heavens no, studying more like. My son’s the one who does the teaching. He’s crap at it, but, ah, he’s in Cambridge right now. I have done a few projects though, but no teaching,” his eyes have gone shiny from the laughter and he dries them, shaking his head. “I am the prime example of lifelong learning.”
“No. The ice just returned after autopsy, the crystals crowing like they were some kind of fungi,” Kevin’s voice is full of amazement, “but the ice is not strong, easily breakable, even melting while I worked. Fascinating, sorry,” he adds catching how weird he might sound, “Rowena got you anything?” he changes the subject.
“That would be me, agent Eppes. Is there a, how can I help you?” Steve asks calmly. He ain’t calm, Benny can see that much.
it seems Winchester is unfazed about all of this. “Is there a list? Of these drugs? Could help us find the killer.”
“Inside? Like spontaneous combustion? Isn’t that just some fictional thing?” he asks. As far as he knows there’s never been a proven case on something like that.
There’s a noise coming from the door and Don appears, along with Dean. Why does it have to be such a damn mess?
“Listen, man, you seem to be a nice guy and competent and all that stuff, but I still can’t tell you everything.” For the first time, he sincerely seems to be conflicted about this. “I tell you what, as soon as there’s something you absolutely
“Well, we can’t all be happy soon-to-be-marrieds, now can we?” he replies and gives Kevin his card. “You come up with a theory, however crazy, give me a call.”
Dean finds the page for the journal. “Eppes, it’s real, the paper. Published paranormal stories, basically ghosts I think, oh! Hey,” he gestures to Don, who looks behind his shoulder. There’s a page with employers’ photos. Just six photos, the fourth one tagged as Steve Clarence. Fuck, those are some insanely blue eyes. “Was this the guy, Kevin?”
“Hello?” Sam whispers to his phone as he moves quietly towards the door. The FBI lady is still eyeing him as if there was
“I hear you,” Don swallows the last drop of coffee and throws the cup into the bin before leaving to talk to one Sam Winchester, age 31.
“Hey, Eppes, you know somewhere to grab a bite? As soon as we’re done here I mean,” a polite smile. Like he knows his every movement.
“I know, alright? But believe me, it’s necessary.” He’s almost apologetic about all of this. “If it’s any comfort, Charlie’s not her real name, just the one she prefers.”
He hears Don calling out for Winchester and some mumbling and then there’s a click and he’s on the speaker.
The new guy flinches up from the daze: “Oh right, Dean Winchester, FBI,” he introduces himself, offering a hand.
i know nothing about fbi, us law enforcement or interrogation techniques, just fyi. feel free to point me in the right direction if needed!
Benny gives the folder to agent Eppes, who is now judging his partner. Most likely thinking they’re all insane.
The guy takes in a breath of air and nod quickly: “People, right. See, special agent Don Eppes, I also work for the FBI. I know how this is, you have no legal rights to interrogate my brother, you have no evidence at all against him and you sure as hell have no right to bring up our family situation.”
“Right, of course. So,” he scrubs his eyes and has seemingly lost all of the jokes, “what would you like to know?”
“Ah, yeah, thanks,” the man holds one of the rolls and moves towards one of the larger tables under the window, “I’ll just clear the path and see no one’s gonna stumble upon you,” he gestures and lets out a little laugh.
“You can’t ask him anything. Better yet, don’t talk to him at all. All you can do is stay in the same room.” Don is pointing a thumb at him. Dean nods. It’s better than nothing at all and besides, Sam is innocent. There is no way in hell he would not prove that.
“Sure thing, boss,” she nods and hopefully doesn’t look like she just wants to get out of here already. It’s a great job, it is. When there is something to do.
“Yeah, don’t know if we’ll have enough to make an arrest for impersonating a federal agent, but it’s better to talk to this Clarence right away. You got somewhere else to be?”
“Orders from higher places basically, seems like the older one is someone, I don’t know, important? FBI in any way. Looks like we’re gonna have to work with him on this one.”
Dean is taking in the supervising agent, seems like an all-business-no-fun type. Great. Those are always the worst, good at their job, but nosy as all hell. This could become more troublesome than he thought when Sam made that first call. Shit.
Benny shares a look with Steve, who shrugs, but seems a bit tense. “So, FBI? What have we done this time?”
On the run from the law, got almost killed by leviathans, helped to crack the code needed to banish Lucifer in a cage and out of the president, got snatched by Victor Henriksen to do freelance work for top secret government unit, basically I’m the girl who covers up the alien attacks … naah, that would be too tiring to explain.
“I see,” a long look travels over Charlie’s body. Oh, she still has it. “So you’re friends with Dean, must be friends with Sam Winchester as well?”
Don locks eyes with Nikki. Could it be that Dean’s data had been sealed later on? There is nothing else about him. Or had someone just neglected to find his information? She shakes her head.
Dean lifts up his arms, mocking to give up: “Go ahead, but don’t forget to thread lightly!” he calls after him. Shit. Why were they taking so long, didn’t Charlie get the message?
Yeah, he was a strong, independent omega, but even he was man enough to admit, you’re always stronger when someone has your back.
“Once he goes off to college, he’ll have the boys lining up. He just has to get through the next few months.” Dean wanted to laugh, hearing his dad talk like he was some kind of sex god was hilarious. “Come on, I’ll wake up early and cook them both a hearty breakfast.”
He closed his eyes, breathed out, and raised his hands. Deans heart almost stopped when Cas tentatively traced his fingers around the branch, and seemed to come to some sort of realisation.
but it’s not like we can do anything about it. You know what this towns like, old money and even older families.” Chuck blew out a breath, they generally knew how to calm each other down, and Dean knew
Dean sighed, and relented. “Ok, so, ever since we got back from the island, I’ve just felt, I dunno,
“I don’t know what’s gonna happen, but we can’t go around with a black cloud over our heads.” Dean leaned forward and cupped his alphas face between his hands, slowly wiping away the worry lines and fear that still clouded his scent.
to prepare his mind for what his body was going to go through. What better way to do that than watch people he didn’t know go through enormous amounts of pain. He clicked on a video the pregnancy website recommended, which featured a male omega.
“I’m due in September, about the middle, they think.” Dean liked Eileen, she was good to Sam, and she kept him in line. Told him when he was working too much, took him on enough outings with the kids to break him out of the lawyer mould be crafted himself into. Dean saw her sneak a quick look to Sam, who nodded and smiled. Her hands shook around the signs, but she was a strong woman, Dean knew from experience. “But, um, they might come a little earlier, like last time.”
The other man started speaking, but Castiel drew their bodies together, wanting nothing to spoil the tender, precious moment that had unfurled between them in the silence.
The insecurities lasted all the way through Cas slowly stripping them both of their clothes, and steering Dean towards the bed. He had no idea what he was doing, and he still didn’t understand why Cas was so nervous before, but so confident in his movements
“Oh, that’s Gadreel. Did you find out what your guys name is?” Dean jumped, but held in his squeak. He’d found who his body told him was his mate, but he wasn’t ready for Sam, or anyone else for that matter, to find out. Sam, obviously, hadn’t meant it like that. Stupid brain.
that smell. It was like the rotting maw of hell had opened up around him, spilling forth its plethora of decaying flesh.
He groaned when he read his jeans would get tighter in the coming weeks, he knew it would happen, but it just meant his time was running out. He needed to get to the twelve week mark, just in case his parents… no, it was stupid even thinking that. They would never force him to get rid of it like that.
They all agreed Dean couldn’t stay in the motel by himself, not with a new born baby and him being too tired to even move. So they decided to move everything of Deans back to Benny’s, including, obviously, Dean and Lincoln.
“Ew, man, don’t talk about my boners.” They both laughed and earned a glare from the cafeteria monitor, so Dean casually let his gaze wander around the packed hall.
Dean’s heart dropped like a goddamned stone. Of course Cas didn’t want a kid, he already had one to look after, why would he want another. But Link deserved to know his father, one way or another. He’d explain to him when he was older why his other daddy didn’t want him.
The enemy betas ran off in the opposite direction to Gabriel, startled by the fight going on around them. The alphas didn’t seem to care, with two pouncing on Dean while the other caught his breath.
Dean rubbed at his red, stinging eyes, and unlocked his door. He wasn’t surprised to see his mom on the other side, but he was surprised by her tears.
There were the kids straight out of high school, who either couldn’t afford college or didn’t have the grades to go. Adam was one of them, and he was one of the nicest kids Dean had ever met. He was pretty much the other little brother he’d never had.
The burn was horrendous, but he kept going because as he kept telling himself, it was almost over. He cried out when it felt as if his body would split apart if the pressure didn’t ease within the next push, and with the shivering convulsion of his almost spent body, it did. His baby’s head slid out, releasing an almost euphoric amount of relief. The head was the widest part, if that was out, the rest would soon follow easily.
Melissa told him to start pushing on the next contraction he felt. He used his breathing exercises, and clutched the hands Benny offered him. When he felt the first prickle of a contraction tighten his middle, he nodded at Melissa, who put her hands under his knees and pushed them up and apart. He figured it was to give the baby more space to pass through his pelvis.
Dean heard the thump of body on body, and startled back into Cas as their vines were disturbed. Cas slowly and quietly, wrapped his other arm around Dean, pulling him tight against him. Deans shaking stopped, and he was able to catch what the other man said.
“I can’t thank you enough for saving my life. I will find a way, one day, to repay you.” Dean chuckled, because the guy was so damn formal. Who the hell talked like that?
He was certain he was in the clear. He felt fine the morning of the third day, and went down to breakfast like normal, like he wasn’t freaking out that his jeans were too tight around his middle, and he had to wear them around his ass like a douche.
Dean bit his tongue to stop the involuntary tears threatening to break free because that was the last thing he needed. His self-esteem was at an all-time low, considering he’d already gained eleven pounds. His mood swings were off the charts, and all he could do was
and all good relationships need that.” Benny brushed his fingers along Dean’s cheek. “But I will always be your friend.”
“I don’t – I don’t really know how to say it, because what I feel can’t be said in words.” Dean dragged a hand over his face in exasperation. He sounded like a damn Hallmark card. Cas just smiled at him, and shifted closer on the bed. Dean watched as Cas slowly brought their hands into alignment, and carefully threaded their fingers together. It was such a small act, but it gave Dean the extra boost of courage he needed to get out what he needed to say.
“Oh this just gets better! Tell me, did he cry? Did the little omega howl into the night when he realised he’d lost his pup? Was he in
He blacked out again, he must have, because suddenly it was Cas, his sweet, loving alpha, talking to him instead. “You need to drink this, Dean. It will help with the healing. It’s also an anti-inflammatory and will help with any infection.” Cas sounded remarkably calm for someone who’s mate was pretty much on their death bed.
“So, I’m gonna go ahead and assume that’s him?” Benny was trying so hard to hide his smirk, and by the looks of it, he was failing miserably. Dean just nodded, and slid down further. He really didn’t want Castiel knowing where he worked. The last thing he needed was a stalker, not that he thought that Castiel would do such a thing, but an omega couldn’t be too careful.
When the waiter came around and collected their plates and asked if they wanted to see the dessert menu, both men looked at each other.
“I feel like I’ve been talking about work all night.” Cas chuckled, his low voice sliding over Dean like dark, rich honey. He couldn’t help the little whimper the escaped. He was only human after all. His life was full of things he couldn’t change; it was time he took the bull by the horns and swallowed his fear.
to me?” Dean was still stuck on the fact that apparently everyone else on their ship had died, when he heard Gabriel choke out a soft sob beside him. He was the chief, for fuck sake, some of those on board would have been his friends. Slowly, so he didn’t startle Crowley who was still seething, Dean hooked his arm around Gabriel so the beta could lean into him. He kept his eyes on the other omega, but Gabriel buried his head in his shoulder, and cried quietly.
like the tone of Sam’s voice. It held all kinds of regret, anguish and guilt. It was how Dean sounded when he escaped Purgatory, knowing he’d left Cas behind.
can they?” They had had many conversations revolving around the mediocre meal they were served daily. He was almost tempted to wake up early to make his own lunch.
” Dean sighed, and leaned into Cas. He had no idea what to do. Instinct told him that Cas was clearly his mate, but he didn’t even
It was good to know Dean had done the same thing to Cas. They were it for each other, and neither of them would have it any other way.
The video wasn’t too long; luckily, whoever had edited it had split it into segments of the three stages of labour. First was early labour, where the cervix slowly opened. It looked uncomfortable, but doable. That part apparently took a really long time,
“I bet. So we gotta get you kids home.” He smiled at Cas, and his boyfriend scowled when he realised he had been included in the description.
It all happened so quickly, Dean wasn’t entirely sure what happened. Not that it mattered, it was always going to end the same way.
“I, uh, sorry about that, Benny. I guess I freaked out over nothing.” Dean was embarrassed he’d caused a fuss, but Benny didn’t seem to mind.
“Oh god, that was the best description of him I’ve ever heard. I had him last year, and he made everyone’s life
“What’s weird about you?” Dean asked quietly, stepping slightly closer, not daring to take his eyes from Cas’ face. His heart was hammering, sweat was running down his back and he was almost unbearably warm. The weird thing was, he wouldn’t change any of it. He knew with a
“I’ll be swinging ‘round to your place, in a couple of hours.” Dean just stared at him, not understanding at all.
“What is it, Dean?” Cas looked ready to tear apart whole worlds to make whatever was ailing his mate cease, and Dean was glad. He would need that strength to get them all through the next few hours.
When they entered the outskirts of Lawrence, Dean was hit with such a sense of nostalgia he almost cried. He couldn’t believe how good it felt to be back in his home town. Lincoln was still asleep, being in a car always put him out, right away, so Dean took advantage of that to point out all the hallmarks of his town, to Benny.
“Yeah honey?” His mom was holding some tooth paste, while Sam was sulking by the shampoo. He would have laughed, if he wasn’t so damn scared.
He didn’t know when he passed out, but he was awoken by a pounding on his door. Great, now his parents were going to rip him a new one for bunking on school, just what he needed to finish a spectacular day.
He hadn’t been sick, well, not that his parents had noticed, since he stared school that year, so his mom let him stay home from school the next day to get over his illness. Yeah, like it was gonna take a day to make a baby.
“You – you love me?” Dean whispered because he wasn’t sure he was right. When Cas blushed and ducked his head, though, Dean knew his suspicions had been correct. They had been out on some dates, and each one had been awesome, but Dean didn’t think the alpha actually shared his feelings. He was scared to admit them, even to himself. He was worried the
“The baby’s gone, Cas.” Dean groaned and heaved as another wave of nausea rippled through him. His mate just rubbed his back and stayed silent. “Why is this still happening?” Cas sighed and kissed the back of Deans sweaty, tense neck.
After Purgatory there had been the trials, and then Abaddon, and then the Mark, and then the Darkness… but now he had put all of his demons back in the box, and they had corrected all of their mistakes –
By the time Dean arrived back at Castiel’s date’s house, the woman was nowhere to be seen.  Castiel was on his knees in front of the rit zein cradling what looked like a broken wrist, fear in his eyes.  The rit zein saw Dean coming in, however, and used his angel powers to throw Dean into the corner.
Dean kicked Castiel under the table.  “As a knife, he means,” said Dean.  His arm shot out, as if on its own, and he put his arm around Castiel in his desperation to cover for his friend.  “I own one, and it works just as well as a regular knife.”
“Hey, Mandy.  Question for you,” Dean said, hoping that his mother was too involved in planning the details of their hunt later that evening to pay too close attention to what he was saying.  “My shy but devastatingly handsome friend here was just wondering, when do you get off?”
Dean snuffled again, unintentionally forcing himself farther into Castiel’s mo54uth – an infinitely tiny thrust.
During the year after Purgatory, however, Dean’s feelings for Castiel had not gone away.  He still anticipated Castiel’s arrival.  He still trusted the angel more than any other creature except possibly for Sam.  He still had moments where he wanted to reach out and touch the angel on the shoulder or hug him the way they had in Purgatory.
(It was getting easier each day, though it would never be truly easy.)  The second-most-interesting thing that had happened in the past four years had been a nest of six vampires in Missouri.  And
Hours later, Sam spray-painted the Enochian angel-warding symbol on the door to their hide-out in Whitefish, Montana.  “Okay.  That should do it,” he said.  “Cas can't see or hear us now.”
Honestly, Castiel had his doubts about involving the brothers as well.  They would show more mercy on the child than was warranted.  It
coming back.  I’ve done everything to get to you in the past, even gone through hellfire.  If something keeps me away for an entire month with no
Justin and Tyler were back as well, both with rosy smiles and looking very smug about something.  Dean had a feeling that they had found a broom closet during the past hour of dancing, and he felt vaguely jealous of them.
amount?” Dean asked.  Honestly, when he thought of Castiel sleeping with someone else, he found himself feeling incredibly pissed the fuck off.
Ultimately, when Sam suggested in mid-January that they seek out Lucifer in the cage to discuss options for ending the Darkness, Dean was just desperate enough to go along with the plan.
Dean leaned into Castiel’s ear once more, twisting him just a little.  “It’ll be different later, I promise, if you still want,” he said in a low voice.  “We can do whatever you want.”  He sped up his thrusts, and Castiel’s breathing sped up as well.
“Always wanted to do that,” groaned Castiel, and he latched onto Dean’s pulse point, chasing away any other thoughts Dean might’ve had.
Most prominently among them was the obvious effects of the Angel Amore, which Castiel had only made worse.  There was a large part of him that couldn’t wait for this entire mission to be over so that he could see if Castiel was as good as his word.  If the angel
A few people in the audience were breathing sighs of relief, but most of them were either laughing or else looking at their partners with sappy looks like Justin and Tyler.
, as you humans say, but we did sometimes have brothers in arms that we regarded above others.”  He allowed his grace to flow freely into the beer bottle, holding it to his neck.
When he crept up behind Billie, Mary Winchester had a gun to her head and Sam and Dean were both screaming –
“We could-…” Dean said, hesitantly.  “Um… if you wanted.”  He realized, too late, that it fell far short of everything he wanted to say.  He had been far more smooth getting hundreds of women into bed, but now, when it mattered most, he was ridiculously inadequate.
Benny gave him a raised eyebrow.  “Neither am I, Brother,” he said.  “This is Purgatory.  Gay, straight, that don’t matter here.  It’s… it’s pure, here.  There’s no rules but your own.”
“I believe it allowed me to find my way back to you once I was free of the Leviathans,” Castiel added, still smiling.  “And finally, it allowed me to find you again this time, after the Empty.”
“Dean!” Castiel called after him, and he turned.  “I'm not wrong,” Castiel insisted.  “I'm going to fix my home.”
“If Crowley's got that many hell monkeys outside, he's got to have at least double inside,” Dean commented, his heart sinking.  So much for getting some alone time with Cas.
He slumped on his bed, resentful that Castiel had ruined what otherwise might have been a happy moment.  (A small part of him acknowledged that without Castiel, one of them would have died, but for tonight Dean chose to ignore that part of him.)  The truth of the matter was that whatever these
Dean felt an odd texture against his left shoulder, and it was the small bottle of lubricant, held up by Castiel’s right hand.
Weeks went by.  Ezekiel informed Dean that he was unable to reach Castiel on angel radio, but that no news of Castiel was good news.  Ezekiel also informed Dean that the angels were organizing into factions, and that the leadership of the main faction was spearheading the search for Castiel.
“Crowley's demons are still in town, and we're running out of time,” Castiel explained.  “What should I do?”
And then what?  What would Castiel say when he no longer had the Angel Amore?  Would he still have feelings for Dean, or were they simply a manifestation of the drug?  Dean didn’t think so, but he couldn’t be sure.  Doubt floated in, doubt that Castiel could ever really have those types of feelings for him…
“Castiel, the poor fool.”  He shook his head, shooting Dean another pitying look.  “He used to be a Commander, ya know?  He used to wield all of the power of the Heavenly Host, before he became your little
“Ezekiel.  Yes,” said Castiel, and Dean was relieved to hear approval seep into his friend’s voice.  “He's a good soldier.  He should be able to help until I get there.”
Always, the same mistakes.  Dean was so angry that a very small part of him hoped that Crowley managed to use the tablet to seal all the angels in Heaven, Castiel included.  Aside from Castiel himself, the angels had never exactly been friendly, after all.  Cas was the only one he would miss; the rest of them just caused problems.
he had said.  But that didn’t make any sense either.  Last time Dean had checked, Castiel wasn’t exactly welcome in Heaven.
, now that –…”  Castiel looked around the lobby of the Ritz and lowered his voice.  “Now that my wings don’t work anymore.”
Dean entered the hotel room and gaped.  The bed was huge and white, untouched, because Castiel didn’t sleep.  Castiel’s bags were piled in the corner.  A white chair and black modern-looking table showed the only signs of life in the posh room – a stack of papers sat on the table, and a tie was thrown over the chair.
Castiel seemed to be in a decent mood, but upon seeing Dean he did a double take.  “What are you doing here?” he asked.  He looked surprised, and even annoyed.
Castiel knew Dean was mad about his working on the Book of the Damned with Sam, but he didn’t see that he’d had another choice.  That was becoming clearer by the day.  “Sam and I were trying to cure you!  We still are!” he shouted.
They had barely passed the threshold when Castiel suddenly found himself on the receiving end of an enthusiastic kiss.  Dean assaulted his lips, manipulating a surprised Castiel backward into the bedroom.
Lucifer snapped his fingers and they were magically transported into the cell with him.  “Welcome to the party.”
“You have to just trust me,” said Castiel.  “I’m sorry for deceiving you in the past.  I was trying to keep you out of this.  But I’m not deceiving you now.  I’m telling you I have to leave, and I’m telling you I will be back.”
Colby shares a look with Liz. It was either someone pretending to be a federal agent or it was someone connected to Dean Winchester.
“No! Who the hell you think I am, talking to journalists? The dude was weird, he sniffed me and mumbled something like
“Yeah, well, that was my choice. Don’t want to scare people off with all those S-s, am I right?” He’s flipping his phone, hiding his nervousness. What the hell has that kid gotten himself into?
“FBI, special agents Granger and Betancourt,” the man says. They show their badges. Sam doesn’t need to look at them to know they’re real, but nevertheless he inspects them thoroughly. FBI. This doesn’t sound good.
Benny whistles and sinks back in to his armchair. “Shit, you know a lot.” Then something dawns on him, the pointed words and glances. “Is Steve Clarence even your real name?”
“Larry Fleinhardt, now, haven’t seen you down here for a long time, did you get lost or did you look for me?” Missouri rises from her desk and pokes a finger at Larry’s chest.
“Good, good. If you can, you should try to talk to the guy while you’re there, Nikki. I’m gonna leave this to you. First thing in the morning. We’ll use only this certain part of the image.”
“What? You pro marriage with all the flirting you do?” Colby cuts in. Seems harsh, but Liz knows better, there’s a smile hidden in those words.
“All right. This is my personal number,” Dean hands him a piece of paper, “if you should remember anything at all about this guy or the victim or, khm, this Bela girl, don’t hesitate to call me. No matter how crazy it is.”
“What? You mean to say you guys really believe the nonsense you write in your magazine,” Eppes lets out a low whistle and shakes his head, “now I do think I’ve seen it all.”
“See, our consultant connects the magical markings here,” Eppes points to the photo of the hallway, “to the way these girls died.”
“Right,” Dean rubs his hands briefly on his thighs, “sorry, there’s, I’ll call my partner here, if you don’t mind,” he presses out and slips from the door, leaving it open behind him. “Don! Hey, Eppes, over here!” his muffled voice echoes to the rooms.
“So, what’s up?” she hops away from the hug and searches the room, “who’re  we working with? This the case Sam’s involved in?”
why clarence, you might ask? i don't know, could've been any other alias, but i guess i was thinking about meg while writing it. still...now i'm wondering why clarence, must be important for some reason...we'll see! ;)
“Hey, so what’s this all about?” she leans next to him, peeking over his shoulder. Nothing she didn’t already see.
Her pen makes a quick jump as she looks up: “Oh, that, I’d have to do some research on that, I’m afraid,” she glances momentarily at Dean, who nods briefly.
It rings and rings and rings and he’s about to lose hope, when a rough voice answers: “Yeah, this is Dean speaking.”
Nikki and Colby share a look. “I think I saw a detail we missed, don’t know if Larry caught or not,” Colby is standing up and pointing at a photo.
“The other species who held our people’s friendship were the star dragons.” Charles said, and watched disbelief round the room.
“Well, perhaps he was just nervous.” Crowley allowed with a shrug, as if he wasn’t actually that concerned or confused. “Who knows what kind of new weaves the angels have come up with since the war, and Ambassador Castiel is a strikingly powerful witch. It could have just been an extremely hot breath of fire.”
One of the bathroom stall doors opened with a bang, shaking Castiel from his thoughts.  Dean Winchester stumbled to the sinks, oblivious to Castiel’s presence as he turned on the cold tap and splashed water on his face, soaking his shirt collar and the front of his jeans.  Castiel could hear Dean’s ragged breathing as the taller boy straightened up with his hands covering his beet-red face.
“Listen to me, you stupid shit!  Stay the hell away from Dean, he doesn’t need a loser like you as his friend and you’re just going to drag him down.  I don’t want to see you talking to him again, understand?”  This girl had to be ten levels of stupid if she thought for
“How are you feeling?” Dean asked, reluctantly releasing his angel when Castiel pulled away to stretch more thoroughly. Castiel nearly tipped over again, and Dean held his shoulders steady while the angel slowly and carefully shook his head.
Dean turned to see his little brother slipping around in the melting snow trying to catch up. Dean stayed silent until Sam was within arm’s reach. “How was your first day, Sammy?” He asked, really starting to feel how thoroughly the day had worn on him.
Dean’s heat was building as Castiel grabbed at his shoulders and he tried to mimic Dean’s quick, barely-there passes of tongue between their parted lips. Despite being nervous and though he was probably fumbling around a bit awkwardly, Castiel
A sudden swelling of muffled laughter passed through the classroom as Professor Metatron tripped over Dean Winchester’s outstretched legs, the gray-haired man grasped Dean’s desk as he righted himself and untangled his feet from Dean’s.  Castiel couldn’t help but grin as Dean’s head snapped up from where it had been resting on his arm and quickly sat up straight in his desk and pulled his legs in.  It was obvious that Dean hadn’t been paying attention and that he had been close to falling asleep before he’d gotten in the way of the teacher’s pacing.
At the song’s end, Michael called for a round of applause for Cas.  Dean was on his feet, cheering and whooping the loudest.  Cas beamed at him as he crossed the field to their log.
, that truth was building alongside their shifting scents, so even if earlier in the morning Castiel couldn’t smell
“Dean’s been trying to change things. Hell, I even tried to change things, though I unknowingly blew my chance to name my family when I mated with the prince.” Castiel wiped his cheeks as he pulled back to look at his friend, and Benny’s eyes were sad as he offered Castiel a handkerchief and continued, “As a child, when John chose me to be Dean’s shield, he promised that if I did right by him he’d name my family again.”
Charlie Bradbury was a freshman and almost exactly a year younger than Castiel.  She had moved to Sioux Falls, alone, at the beginning of last school year and had been Castiel’s best friend ever since.  Anyone could tell you she was brilliant; in her eighth grade year she got the computer club disbanded for hacking the school’s servers and giving everyone A’s for all of their semester exams.  Castiel was one of the few who could tell you that she was lovely; Charlie Bradbury had effortlessly earned the title of his best friend, had brought him out of his shell a bit and helped build his self-esteem.  She was a weird, quirky, short girl who was unapologetically her own woman.
“Good job, Winchester.” Gabriel said, flashing him a grin. “I bet Coach will let you in for sure with that win under your belt.”
Dean’s hand was shaking. Once he released the frozen treat, Castiel could even see his fingers trembling.
“Don’t go beating yourself up over it.” Castiel forced himself to say, remembering how Dean liked to blame himself for every little wrong that happened to befall Castiel. He took a long moment to lift his head. Dean’s face swam before his eyes, so he wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and let his head drop onto his arm.
“This is amazing.”  Castiel told Dean quietly once the boom of the doors being closed faded into fainter and fainter echoes.  “Look how big this place is!” The scales around Dean’s eyes bunched up in what Castiel thought might be a dragon smile, and Castiel grinned back before looking around for Claire.  He wanted to introduce himself to the cream-colored dragon, seeing a member of Dean’s race that was so small was fascinating to him, and he wanted to know how old he or she was.
Gabriel didn’t like Dean’s resigned tone.  He couldn’t actually be listening to that crazy girl, could he?  Dean was his
A thin, blacker-than-black crack appeared in the air, hovering a few feet in front of Uriel.  The magic absorbed the light around it, making the darkening forest even duller, pulling colors into its void and leaving the world in shades of gray.  Castiel held his breath as he moved forward, the entire garrison perfectly in time with one another as they, one after another, moved close enough to the spell to be sucked into the directionless, timeless folds of the universe.
“Please!” Castiel begged to Naomi.  He could feel himself punching every part of Dean he could find.  He was killing him…
Castiel made a noise that might have been assent, and then was quiet for several moments.  Finally he said slowly, “With you… Sam comes first.  Before everything else.  That has always been your priority.”
It was only as Castiel raced back to the bunker with Dean to save the world, yet again, that he thought,
“You’ll help me resurrect him.  Right?” asked Castiel, turning at last to face the father he had still not officially met.
It was winter before any real progress was made on the hunt for Lucifer.  After a long and casualty-filled tour of the US, Castiel and Crowley both had reason to suspect that Lucifer had taken up residence in Vince Vincente, the lead singer of a famous grunge rock band called Ladyheart.  As Lucifer seemed finally to have settled down in one body and one location for more than a few days, Crowley reluctantly agreed with Castiel that it was time to “bring in Rocky and Bullwinkle.”  Castiel hadn’t seen Dean since the beginning of November, and even that had only been for a night as he and Crowley had driven through Kansas.
“No,” Sam agreed.  “But he spent two years with her.  I thought he was settling down.  But now I get the feeling he’s back to one-nighters and flings for a while.”
“Definitely took more than one or two killers to pull this off,” Sam commented, also looking at the pictures Castiel had provided.
Castiel didn’t hear from Dean again for two days.  The next time Dean called him, he said only, “Cas, come quick –
“Good,” said Castiel, and he walked into the room where the financier was waiting without another word, his mouth set in a hard line.
for you.  I love you, even when you don’t love yourself.  Nothing my brother does can ever cause the end of
Castiel did some quick thinking.  He wanted, desperately, to be with Dean.  But Naomi was correct about one thing… the tablet was too important.  It had to be hidden.  He had to keep it safe… not just from demons, but from Naomi, too.
Rufus expressed his regret that Dean had died, but his excitement that Dean had died by vampires, because it meant he had won a bet against Bobby, who now owed him a drink.
Dean had a feeling that Sam had a plan to corner him and attempt a heart-to-heart in the Impala.  In all honesty, Dean was surprised that Sam had held out this long.  Just that morning alone, he had snapped at Sam for knocking too loudly on his door too early in the morning, for drinking the last of the coffee, and for putting a pair of headphones in to listen to a podcast halfway through a Led Zeppelin song.
“Okay,” Kevin snapped.  “I should have mentioned this six months ago, but the sports metaphors don’t work.  If you want to motivate me:  ‘Magic’ cards, ‘Skyrim,’ Aziz Ansari.”
Castiel lunged for Lucifer, and Lucifer grabbed him while Dean tended to Sam.  “I can beat the Darkness.  Me.  Only me,” he said.  “Who are these two?  They’re a couple of apes.  You know I’m right, Castiel. You know it!”
Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes, surprise showing in the depths of the blue.  There were merely inches left between them.  “I thought you hadn’t figured out your feelings?” he whispered.
Sam took a moment to recover himself and then said stoically, “I don’t care what you did in Hell.  Alastair forced you.  You held on for 30 years.  And you love Cas.”
“You want it?” Dean taunted him.  “Take it!  But you're gonna have to kill me first.  Come on, you coward.  Do it.  Do it!”
“Cas,” Dean said, and it was both a plea and a warning.  Dean moved his neck out of Castiel’s reach, though he didn’t move away.  “We’re in public.”  His voice was husky, and shot straight to Castiel’s groin.
Castiel was eager to return to the bunker.  Chuck had disappeared, and so had Dean, and he had no idea where either had gone.  The bunker seemed the logical place to go to begin the process of tracing both.
It was easier this way, with Castiel using his legs to work himself on Dean’s cock the way he wanted.  Dean nailed his prostate each time.  Dean had been correct – there was an art form to this, perhaps.
“Alastair was more creative at torturing than any angel, even Lucifer,” said Castiel.  He sighed.  “These memories bothered Dean a great deal, at first.  But first I was forbidden from removing them, and then I lost the ability, and then…”  Castiel shrugged, finally meeting Sam’s eyes.  “Don’t judge him for what he did for Alastair.  He was stronger than most.”
Dean felt himself coming too quickly, and reached around to grab Castiel.  Once, twice, and the angle was awkward, but then Castiel seized up and groaned, “Dean!”  Dean was coming too, the pleasure spiraling and then releasing in an electric haze.
Castiel rested on one elbow until his face was level with Dean’s cock and took an experimental lick, then wrapped his tongue around it slowly.
“Hey!” yelled a voice from behind Dean, and then he felt a blunt object, a beer bottle, smash on his head.  He could feel the blood running down his face.
“Nothing much, really,” said Garth, friendly as usual.  “It’s nothing bad.  I just wanted to give you a bit of a friendly heads up.  He’s gone and died his hair.”
“It’s where Metatron was taken from me by Naomi and the other angels,” said Castiel.  “And it’s also the location of the second of three trials.  The bartender in there is scheduled to be hit by cupid’s bow sometime this afternoon.  That’s the trial – to get a bow from a cupid.”
When he righted himself somewhat, Castiel was still spasming around him with little aftershocks.  He thrusted once into the hot heat, and then his own orgasm hit him with full force. He came,
“I did what I had to do,” Metatron responded, leaning forward into the camera.  “I have always done what I have to do, for God and for the angels.”
“It’s cool, Cas,” said Dean, though he sounded a bit disappointed.  “Just call us when you need us, or when you have a good idea of where Metatron is,” he finished.
“Ah. So Gadreel bites the dust.  And the angel tablet -- arguably the most powerful instrument in the history of the universe -- is in pieces, and for what again?  Oh, that's right -- to save Dean Winchester.  That was your goal, right?  I mean, you draped yourself in the flag of Heaven, but ultimately, it was all about saving one human, right?”
Castiel smiled sheepishly.  “I, um... I came as soon as you called.  I wa –…”  His eyes lit on the mess on the floor.  The floor was covered in debris from a broken lamp, along with strewn papers and books.  “Dean, what’s happened?” he asked.  “What’s wrong?”
“I hope he's right,” said Dean.  “But me?  I have faith in us.  You, me, Mom, Cas.  And Crowley.  Sometimes.”
Castiel didn’t really comprehend, but what Dean said sounded good, so he nodded.  Surely there would be kissing again at some point, more touching.  Why were they sitting so far apart?  He moved closer to Dean once more, leaning into him and kissing his neck.
Something stirred in Dean’s stomach that Dean had begun to think was dead.  He’d had a few one-night stands over the past few months, but
A stab of guilt sliced through Dean.  “You know, Cas and I might not agree all the time, but at least he knows who his real friends are.”
When they returned back through the rift, Castiel looked at Dean gently.  “Are you all right?” he asked.
For now, though, Dean was no longer a demon, and Metatron was successfully in jail.  And for now, that was enough.
Castiel left the bunker in early January to search for Metatron.  The search was slow-going without his wings, and it was late February before he made any real progress.  He remained in touch with both brothers, and learned that they had at least somewhat settled their differences and begun hunting again.
“Knowing you, it... it’s been the best part of my life.  And the things that - the things we’ve shared together, they have changed me.”  Dean could tell it was difficult for his friend to breathe, but he didn’t know how to help.  He was helpless, again.  Dean looked away, anywhere besides at Castiel, because this wasn’t happening, it
“Nah, Cas, no worries,” said Dean, but he felt a flicker of irritation.  “We’ll talk more when you have time.  Actually, man… Metatron is next on my list of douchebags that need to bite it.  I was wondering if you needed any help in the effort?”
He should’ve known better.  Castiel would never stay out of the fighting when angels were involved, when he felt responsible.
The next day, Dean and Cas scoured Hastings, Nebraska for any sign of demonic or angelic activity, but found nothing.  By twilight, Dean’s patience was starting to wear thin.  “Wow, will you look at that,” he commented to Cas as they drove by yet another dilapidated building.  “Our ninth abandoned factory.  Ain't that America?  Hey, what do you say, if this doesn't pan out, we head back to that beer-and-bacon happy hour about a mile back, huh?”
“And, Tanya appears to have a fever,” Castiel continued, walking over to pick up the baby.  “I called Nora, but she hasn’t answered… we need to clean this mess up!”
Ultimately, it was Metatron that finally prompted Castiel to leave the bunker.  He saw the former angel in the reflection of a camera on the news.  As it turned out, Metatron had been listening to police scanners and searching out crimes to videotape for a profit, still in search of his “perfect story.”
There was a long list of survivors of various monsters that asked to speak with Dean to give him their thanks and praise for the rest of their lives, however long that had been.
“The angels that I served with are being killed,” Castiel said, looking tired.  “So I will put up with Ishim, I will put up with everything else, and so will you.  I have to go.”
“Cas-…” Dean began in frustration, but the angel continued.  “And, I wanted to give you and Sam some privacy with your mother.”
Castiel looked as though he meant to protest, but Dean finished with Castiel’s boxer-briefs and took him in hand instead.  He was large and hard and perfect.  Castiel gave an involuntary thrust into Dean’s fist.
“Agreed,” said Crowley.  He snapped his fingers, and suddenly they were all in the parking lot of the Bellaqua hotel, Castiel’s truck on one side and the Impala on the other.  “Now.  There’s not much we can do tonight.  It’s getting late, and there’s a burlesque show down the way I’m just
March came in like a lion.  A few weeks passed, and Dean and Castiel talked either on the phone or by video chat every day or two.
“It’s forgotten, Cas,” Dean said.  “It’s all forgotten.”  Castiel crowded into Dean’s space and kissed him, softly, as though asking a question.  He pulled Dean closer with one hand, curling the other hand into the hair on the back of Dean’s neck.  Dean inhaled, and electricity shot down his spine.
They had fallen into the back seat in a combination of sweaty bodies.  Dean relaxed against the door, now fully clothed except for his shoes.  In his haste to put clothes on (they were outside, after all), he had put his shirt on backward and couldn’t bring himself to care.  Castiel laid against him, bereft for once of everything except his undershirt and boxers.  Dean’s jacket provided a pillow for his head, and Castiel’s trenchcoat laid over both of them.  Castiel looked every bit as sated as Dean felt, a serene smile stretched across his face and his hair sticking up at odd angles.  In fact, the only thing that belied his true angelic nature was the fact that his eyes were open and he didn’t look remotely tired.
They were looking at each other, and Dean felt lost in Castiel’s eyes, so much more expressive now that he was human.
Castiel inserted a finger, and Dean felt he might come just from that – why had he even bothered sleeping with anyone else, as though they could
“Crowley thinks he might have a lead in Massachusetts,” said Castiel.  “And Dean, I’ve already told you, finding Lucifer is my -…”
Dean’s face split into a grin that was less than half fake, standing up to clap Sam on the back.  “Good for you, man!” he said.  Miracle wagged her tail, circling around the brothers happily.
who had had the aphrodisiac.  Dean didn’t realize that he himself had had more of the Angel Amore than literally anyone else at the event (Castiel could tell).  Nor did he realize that the fact that Castiel was already in love with him made the effect stronger.
“Cas,” he said quietly, and it was his turn for his head to fall forward onto Castiel’s shoulder as both of them allowed the jacuzzi to carry away the mess.
The door to the large building was covered by three men in uniform, but it wasn’t a uniform Dean recognized.
A minute later, T.L. Laurant rose again to the podium.  “I see the aphrodesiac has had an effect on some of you,” he said, laughing.  “It should be in effect by now, and should last for six hours, or so I’m told.”
The first item to be auctioned off was a demon knife similar to Dean’s own.  It occurred to Dean that he could use another demon-killing knife, but, to be honest, he already had an extra angel blade, and the cursed vase, the staff, and the rod were the priorities.  Only Justin and a frail-looking female across the room seemed interested in the demon knife, so Dean figured the auction would go quickly.
“You don't ever think about something?” Sam asked.  “Not marriage or whatever.  But . . . Something?  If not Cas, you know, with a hunter?  Somebody who understands the life?”
They would have to wait for the Angel Amore to wear off.  Dean had committed various degrees of taking advantage of a variety of different women in the past, but he had never been the type of guy who liked to sleep with a woman when she was drunk or high or under the influence (well, not
But now, with a grace, he could make things right again.  Now he could finally be helpful.  “I did what I had to.  I became what they’ve become.  A barbarian,” he said finally.
Dean looked surprised, and hurt.  “What kinds of conditions?” he said suspiciously, taking a gulp of his beer.
“Of course I know that, Dean,” Castiel said.  “Although I have offered not to hold you to these expectations.  I know you prefer women, physically.”
Castiel held up his hand, and caught her hand.  He felt calm, and peaceful, with his other hand in Kelly’s, and the strength of the child surging through him.
The water was halfway up Dean’s chest now, and Dean’s arms carded through the jet current to reach Castiel’s ass and pull him forward.  Castiel went willingly this time, finally grinding them together.  Dean was fully hard now, and exhaled in his ear when their cocks made contact.
Something behind Dean’s heart lurched.  It was like skydiving and having an orgasm all at once, as though all of the pieces of his life became whole right as he began the world’s most horrifying roller-coaster ride.
“Like this?” he asked Dean after finishing his first shower in the time that he and Dean had been… whatever they were.  He wore only his dress pants and a white button down shirt, with half of the buttons left unbuttoned.
“Cas, I don't like how the whole Billie thing went down.  Okay?” said Dean.  “I know you think you were doing the right thing.  And I'm not mad.  I'm worried.  Because things like ‘cosmic consequences’ have a habit of biting us in the ass.”
Castiel looked as though he had been backhanded.  The air went out of him in one breath, and he sagged visibly.  “Dean, I… I’m sorry.  Naomi… I never would’ve done that to you.  She was controlling me.  I… I thought you knew.”
“Oh, you think you have a choice,” said Dean dangerously.  The Mark sensed a challenge, and Dean was under its control now.
“Cas, I…” Dean started, and Castiel exploded, his vision whiting out at the edges and his spine snapping to attention.
Castiel bent forward over Dean and lovingly placed kisses on his neck and down his chest, pausing in his ministrations to divest Dean of both his long-sleeve shirt and his undershirt.  “I want to see you,” he said softly as he kissed down Dean’s stomach.  Castiel removed his clothing by magic as often as not, but this time seemed different somehow, more important and precious.
Sam sat down at the table.  “You know, if you prayed to him, he would probably get us out of this mess.”
Castiel gave Dean a slightly shocked look, but even the angel recognized the urgency in this.  It was not only Dean, after all, who had been in Purgatory for months on end.  Castiel, too, had fallen victim to base instincts he hadn’t even known he had, down here cut off from Heaven in the land of the monsters.
It had been one of the best evenings of Dean’s life.  Sam had been successfully retrieved from the hands of a zealot representative of the British Men of Letters (apparently this was a thing).     Castiel had healed him, and then the brothers had taken a nap in the Impala while Mary drove them home.  They had ordered food from a local restaurant, and eaten cheeseburgers and pie together, as a family, for the first time since he was four years old.
Dean visibly deflated, and for a second his face resembled a child who has been denied candy.  He sighed, taking a seat on the bed and raking his hand through his hair.  “I know, man,” he said softly.  “I’m just… it surprised me when you said that you were gonna be a hunter now.”  He looked at Cas pleadingly.  “Purgatory… it was
“Yeah, I get it,” Dean said, trying not to feel dejected.  “Your duty, angel contacts that don’t like me, blah blah blah.”
“You’ve changed,” she observed.  “When you bargained with me just now, you could’ve asked to go back, to live.”
He was all business, and hatched a plan to take Dean back in time to retrieve the weapon, which had been lost at sea when the USS Bluefin submarine had been attacked by Nazis.
At the time, he had been “confused about his feelings” as Castiel had put it… he had simply gone above and beyond to point out everything that the angel did wrong.
“Well, and you do help, Cas,” Dean said to Castiel’s shock.  These were end-of-the-world musings on Dean’s part, surely.
Dean looked at Castiel’s hand and made no move to dislodge it.  He was smiling nonchalantly, but vulnerability shown in his eyes and Castiel was sure that the smile was an act.  When he opened his mouth to speak, Castiel could tell that he was choosing his words carefully.  “And… also… yes.  Here, tonight,” Dean said, his voice lowering slightly.
sex.  He needed to touch him, to be close to him… His gaze settled on Castiel’s lips and he realized how desperately he wanted to kiss them.  As gently as he could manage, he moved toward Castiel and covered his mouth with his own.
It happened so quickly that, later, Dean would remember it as only a flicker of images that circled repeatedly around his head, like a slide show on repeat.  There was Castiel, thrown aside by Lucifer.  There was the curious look on Lucifer’s face as he watched Dean disappear through the rift.  There was the glory of watching bullet after bullet zing through Lucifer’s body, and the fear that ripped through him when Lucifer was still alive, despite the angel-killing bullets that had torn apart so many lesser angels.
Suddenly, a cloud began to swirl over the sandbox, and Joshua appeared.  “Castiel.  Kelly.  It's good to see you.”
“Oh, c’mon, Kev,” Dean said.  “We’re on the one yard line here!”  He really needed to get back to his brother eventually.
“The what?” Castiel asked, his head swimming again.  He wanted so badly to reach up and touch Dean’s face again...
“I think so,” said Castiel.  “I will be.”  And it was Castiel, the same Castiel he’d spoken to on the phone just yesterday.  The same Castiel that had healed him after his smiting sickness earlier that day.
“Yeah,” he admitted, barely resisting the urge to throw his phone across the room.  “More of the same.  He’s sorry, it was his angelic duty, blah blah blah.”
The memory of Sam as a 4-year-old made Dean smile.  “Sam, you’re my baby brother.  Does she make you happy?”
In response, Lucifer became sneakier.  As the group of them made the last preparations for their battle with Amara, Lucifer struck again, surprising Dean on his way out of the bathroom.  “So Cas knows you…
Hell was under control, too, ruled by Rowena’s firm hand, and there hadn’t been a peep from Heaven since –
If you choose not to go further, you should still check out the rest of TFWDuke's AWESOME art in Chapter 18!
Dean tried to reason with him.  “Okay, yeah, look, I get that we need super dick there, but, I mean, come
While Ezekiel attempted to heal Sam, Dean got a call from Castiel.  A spike of relief shot through him.
Castiel didn’t answer, lost to the pleasure coiling inside him.  But it was too… there wasn’t enough…
The cold of winter gave way to the rain of spring.  Castiel spent quite a bit of time at the bunker, though neither he nor Dean tended to stay there for more than a few days on end; both were too prone to moving around.
Castiel’s mouth turned down in disappointment, and he headed inside, followed by Sam.  Dean took a deep breath, scowled, picked up his bag, and headed into the house reluctantly.
He had never been able to assign a pet name out loud.  Somehow, it would make the thing between them too real, too absolute… and therefore, too easily lost.  Sometimes, in his head, Dean called him “my angel.”
And Dagon was on him.  She was beating him, once, twice, three times.  “Look at him, your angelic defender,” Dagon said to Kelly.  “You really thought he was gonna save you?  This sad, fluttering, aimless little moth?”  Castiel felt himself being lifted above her head.
“I just dropped by to tell you that the Staff and the Rod are both duds,” Crowley commented.  “After I realized the Staff was out of juice, I dropped by and tested the Rod as well.”  His eyes glittered with malice.  “
been to the Hollywood sign, and I’m leaving you my Baby, and I don’t trust you not to fall down one of those ravines in the ‘Hills.”
“For as long as you like,” Dean said.  “There are some Enochian texts I was hoping you’d look through.  And… you could keep me honest, you know?  You and Sammy.  After today…”
, his mind supplied helpfully) that sent pleasure rocketing everywhere.  Dean unintentionally thrust upward.
Suddenly, there was a voice behind them.  “I am glad to see you are getting along,” said T.L. Laurant.  “I was worried there for a second.  I
Sam was still somewhere in Texas, mad at him over an issue involving a girl he’d met while Dean had been in Purgatory.  Maybe Cas would be willing to settle down for the night at a motel.  Maybe he’d even be willing to fool around.  Dean privately acknowledged that he should probably apologize to Cas for being such a dick the last time they’d been hunting together.  Maybe Cas would even stick around this time?
Finally, Dean could watch no longer.  “I can’t watch that anymore,” he told Castiel.  The angel followed Dean into the bowels of the abandoned building where they had chained up Sam.  From there they could still hear the screaming, and even see Crowley, but it was not quite as graphic.
,” Dean insisted.  “You can’t say that to me.  Not now.  We’ll find Rowena, Cas, and make her undo this spell.”  He tried to move closer, but Castiel shook his head.
“You have one?” Tyler asked excitedly, his voice becoming higher.  “Wow!  They’re really rare!  You must be a serious collector!”
It was another good reason that Benny and Sam had to stay away from each other – Benny simply knew too much.
“There may come a time – and I don’t anticipate it, but it’s possible – when I have to go to Heaven to perform a duty for a long period of time,” Castiel clarified again.
Why had he been so stupid?  When he saw Castiel again, he would tell him he loved him.  He would bottom.  He loved him so much…
Dean felt his heart rise to somewhere in his throat.  He grinned, and he could feel the grin stretching his entire face.
Dean burst out laughing, and Castiel smiled sheepishly.  “God, fantasies… I dunno, Cas, can’t you just, like, pull them out of my head?”
Dean spent some time taking a drive in the impala.  He was excited to find out that there was a sort of “viewing station” on a bridge nearby where he could look in on how Sam was doing amongst the still living.
Honestly, there had been moments where Castiel had thought that Benjamin would be the last angel still alive.  He had given Castiel amnesty a couple of times, including once when he was human for a few days.  He was careful to not get involved in conflict if he could avoid it, however.
When they were both finally shirtless, Dean leaned over Castiel on the bed, connecting them from head to groin, and they both sighed with the contact of skin on skin.
find her, Dean!  She was across the street in Cincinnati, and she ran from me!  And then she ran, and she was here in town, and then she just
While he was at the bunker, Castiel had received a few phone calls from hunters needing help.  He had tried to assist them – he had even succeeded on a couple of occasions.  Overall, however, he found that he had missed the brothers more than he would’ve ever thought possible, Dean in particular.  He had been desperate for word of them, desperate for Dean to return to the bunker.
For the next month, Dean snapped easily, killed frequently, and drank heavily.  He knew he was being a bear to live with, but he didn’t care.  Near the end of April, he overheard Sam on the phone with their mother:  “No, Mom, I think he’s drunk again.  Yeah, he’s taking the whole Cas thing really hard.  Yeah – no, don’t worry, he’s been like this before.  Cas has disappeared before.  He’s an angel, he’s not like us.  He’ll come back.”
Sam swung his key around his finger as he headed to his own room on the opposite side of the parking lot.  “Jerk,” he called after them.
He wanted the intensity, the intimacy.  He could have it either way, he knew that – but he wanted it
The next time Dean saw Castiel, he and Sam were in the final stretch of completing the third trial.  Their plan to capture Crowley went flawlessly (which Dean tried not to find suspicious).  The angel tablet that Castiel had lost had been with Crowley, so they had managed to get it back as well.  They had taken Crowley to consecrated ground (an abandoned church) and chained him in place with a spray-painted Devil’s trap and demon-spelled chains they had found in the Men of Letters’ bunker.  They were now facing an 8-hour exorcism procedure completed and perfected by a priest in the late ‘50’s to cure a demon (before his untimely death).
Dean nodded thoughtfully and put the beer down, looking more comfortable.  “Yeah, okay.  If we get hit by a memory spell, that’s an exception.”  He relaxed slightly more into the Impala’s bench seats, and Castiel realized that he had let go of a tiny bit of guilt.
“It's what it always should have been,” Bobby continued as Dean sat down.  “Everyone happy.  Everyone together.  Well.  Most of the time.”
The plan was always to end during Tombstone.  Somehow this seems a fitting ending, as Dean and Cas have a period of stability after this, despite other things going wrong around them.  We also don’t know yet how their story ends, though we’re about to find out!
Jack’s birth had led to Castiel’s death, and Mary’s death, because Dean refused to hold out hope that she was alive in the other world with Lucifer.  Every time Dean looked at Jack, all he could think about was Castiel, Mary, and everyone they’d lost.  Granted, that was all Dean could think about anyway.  But Sam insisted on raising Jack to be good, and Dean didn’t want to deprive Sam of Sam’s way of dealing with all of the loss.
Castiel’s eyes flashed angel blue, and Dean tipped over the edge, spilling on Castiel’s stomach with a scream.  Castiel pumped him softly through his release, the two of them spasming together, before collapsing into a heap, exhausted.
Dean let out a sigh of frustration, then turned to face Castiel.  “Cas, man, I’m trying to ask you on a date, okay!  That’s what humans do when they care for each other, and I really care for you, Cas.  Like, a
It took Dean nearly an hour to work up to the conversation he knew was coming.  So close.  He had been
meant bad news.  It was a feeling as though the world had been turned on its axis, as though a colossal scale had been suddenly upset.
Dean took a sip of beer.  “Oh, wow,” he said.  “This tastes like the first drink I ever shared with my dad.”
Dean pretended not to notice, though he felt himself hardening even further.  He clenched his fists.  The tree bark dug into Dean’s back where he leaned against it, and the air was muggy, hot and stifling.  Castiel’s arm was a hard line against his own, and he felt trapped, caged-…
“You’ve been asleep for nearly 8 hours.  It’s the middle of the night.  And we did it, like I said we would.  We freed you from the spell.”
Dean was still slightly out of breath.  He wasn’t really listening to the auction anymore, but he tuned in every so often.  “The next item is Gungnir, said to be Odin’s staff from long ago.  It matches…”
“Moose, sometimes I wonder how you manage to get your flannel on in the morning,” Crowley snapped.  “Obviously
It had been months since Dean had seen Castiel.  He thought about him often, though.  Most often, the thoughts were fleeting, but left behind a subtle feeling of guilt and loss.  For example, once he saw a distinctive-looking bush while he and Sam were tromping around in the woods, and it reminded him of one of the bushes in Purgatory with edible leaves.  Or, if someone would make a bad joke or miss a social cue, it would remind him of Cas.
“Cas, I’ve got to get back to Sam,” Dean said apologetically.  “Listen, about what we talked about, let's just keep that between you and me...  Till we know more, okay?”
Castiel had lost track of Kelly when she had snuck out of the bathroom.  It was more difficult than Castiel had expected to keep up with her without wings.  He could sense her, of course – she didn’t have an Enochian tattoo to ward her, after all – but she moved so often that he always seemed to barely miss her.  He had compiled a bulletin board at the bunker displaying her habits, relatives, and places she might show up, but he needed allies – people who were willing to help him head her off.  Eventually, he decided it might be easier to ease off the hunt for awhile, perhaps let her think she was safe to stay in one place.
“Dean!” Castiel gasped.  His erection came free thanks to Dean’s ministrations, and Dean drew his finger up the shaft before falling to his knees.  Pleasure shot up Castiel’s spine, zinging though his body repeatedly as Dean took his cock in his mouth.
It was a force, a greater force than he’d felt in years.  It was like when the Darkness came back to Earth, except that this force was slightly less strong and much less
After that, the phone disconnected, and Dean skipped his next meal and the next five of his usual masturbation sessions.
Dean resituated slightly, making sure the table cloth hung down over his now prominent erection and Castiel’s hand. Their backs were to the wall, so the likelihood of them being seen was very little.  As the price for the demon knife went up, Castiel continued his ministrations.  He faced straight front and didn’t look at Dean, but his small concentrated smile let Dean know that the angel was still mostly focused on him.  Dean sank down farther in his seat to give Castiel more room, and, with a careful look around him, closed his eyes briefly, allowing the pleasure to wash over him fully.
“Oh,” Castiel said.  He did a quick sweep of Dean’s room with his senses and located the Colt under his pillow.  He wouldn’t be able to take it now… he would have to come back later.  Dejected, he turned to go.
As he spoke, Dean realized for the first time that if Castiel succeeded, he wouldn’t get to see the angel again until he died.  He felt suddenly as though his stomach was full of worms.
.  “You’re our family too, Cas,” he said, and Castiel gave one of his rare smiles.  It was a soppy smile, as though the sun shone out of Dean’s ass, and Dean felt both uncomfortable and warmed by it.
Dean had a one-track mind now.  Cas seemed to be on board with sex, and that was a language that Dean could speak.  They had barely left the bunker when Dean said, “Pull over here.”
Dean had moved his hand to cover Castiel’s.  “Cas, she’s bound to turn up.  She’s carrying Lucifer’s love child.  She won’t stay hidden forever.  Tomorrow you can come back to the bunker, and we’ll look for omens from there.  We’ll help you find her this time.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, giving him a swift kiss on the lips and avoiding his question.  Castiel didn’t try to deepen the kiss, as he was unsure what direction tonight would be taking.  Still, his lips seemed to chase Dean’s, and he resented the moment their lips parted.
“Jealous?” Dean said smugly at the exact second Castiel opened the door and folded himself into the back seat.
Upon returning to the bunker, Castiel hadn’t even removed his hand from Dean’s shoulder before Sam shouted, “Dean - THAT'S NOT CAS!”
A wide grin spread across Crowley’s face.  “I heard rumors there might be something of that sort at the party, but I never could’ve dared
Forty-five minutes later, Castiel, who had been watching the soap opera with Dean, said, “I don’t understand.  Why is Dr. Sexy being so mean to Nurse Jennifer?”
Dean was already headed for the bathroom.  The whole thing was decorated with black marble – a double sink, a standing shower and, behind a separate door, a sprawling jacuzzi.
“Of course it is,” Castiel said.  “A third wheel adds extra grip, greater stability.  I even found a case.  Oklahoma City – a man's heart jumped 10 feet out of his chest.  It sounds like our kind of thing, right?”
“I um…” (Kiss.)  “I also thought maybe-…”  (Kiss.)  “If you’re still interested-…”  (Kiss.) “We could try sex with, um, the positions reversed, like you said.”  (Kiss.)
But Dean was having trouble listening, as he realized that the zipper on his fly was lowering of its own accord.  “Cas!” he hissed, causing Imanu and Prisha to look at him briefly.  Across the table, however, they couldn’t see what was going on, and went back to watching the proceedings and talking amongst themselves.
The portly man gestured to two open spots at one of the tables.  “Here we are,” he said.  “I’m Mr. Thomas.  If you need anything, please feel free to let me know.”  And he swept away quickly.
Dean looked surprised, as though this statement had pulled him out of a deep train of thought.  “You’ll find her,” he said, recovering.  “You can sense, her, right?  It’s only a matter of time.”
Quickly, Dean collected himself and turned back to Castiel.  After all, he had no claim on the angel – he himself had made sure of that.  “That's what this is about!” he accused Castiel.
The blind shock and panic filling Dean allowed a few relevant thoughts to flow to the surface in his head.  He took out his gun, but didn’t raise it.  “Salt… silver,” said Dean absently, and Castiel nodded, leaving the bathroom to get the required items.
changed,” she said, and Dean felt sure she was reading his mind, or perhaps just his emotions.  “And you tell people it’s not a big deal.  You tell people you’ll work through it but you know you won’t.  You can’t and that scares the hell out of you.  Or… am I wrong?” she challenged.
on Alastair, you know.  And Cas wasn’t the first man I’ve been with, but it’s the first time I did it by choice.”
The “chitters” were vanquished relatively easily between the brothers and another set of hunters that, surprisingly, identified themselves as a gay couple.  After they had resolved the situation with the “chitters”, the couple had decided to retire as hunters and start a new life down south.
around Dean.  He leaned just slightly more forward, far enough for him to grasp Castiel and catch his spend before it landed on his precious car.
“Man, I needed that,” admitted Sam the next evening.  Dean had spent the day kidding him about his “night moves”.
Dean looked at him sharply.  “You’re not still thinking about…”  Lately Sam had been having visions of the cage, with Lucifer inside.  Sam had begun to voice the opinion that perhaps God was trying to tell him that Lucifer might be helpful with ridding the world of Amara.  Dean knew both of them would choose any option that wasn’t
This was ridiculous.  These angels were looking at Castiel as though he were something akin to God, and the last time Castiel had been “God”, it had
Castiel looked at Dean, spread out on his bed with his erection, looking thoroughly debauched.  He took the opportunity and climbed on top of him.  “I don’t need that stuff,” he said.  “I’m an angel.”
“It’s getting worse again,” Castiel said, moving away from Dean.  “Let’s get out of here.  When we’re out, have Crowley take me back to the bunker dungeon and chain me up.”
He had a dream once that he was surrounded by the bodies of a thousand Dean Winchesters, all dead at his hand.  Naomi was there, too, saying, “Finally, you’re ready.”  And he felt nothing, but of course it was all a dream.  He could never kill his bondmate.  And yet angels did not dream…
At once, the three of them took off.  They ran for miles, it felt like – leviathans were always the worst.  They met two werewolves on the way, and Castiel and Dean mowed them down without stopping.
After that, Dean began to see Castiel everywhere.  It was like the floodgates had opened, and once Dean started to think about him again, he couldn’t
Dean grinned, reaching up to kiss Castiel chastely.  He pulled away to grab the condom, only to feel Castiel’s hand on his own erection.
“You're the best!” said the woman, disappearing back into the back of the gas station.  Dean wanted to hurl.
“It's Steve now,” Castiel said, gesturing toward his employee name badge.  Dean remembered vaguely that the fake birth certificate and driver’s license he had given Cas had been issued to a “Steve.”  “And... uh, you know you surprised me.”  Castiel looked around to see if anyone was listening.
had only been interesting because Dean wiped them out all by himself, something he had still neglected to discuss with Sam.
hadn’t given up, and neither had Sam.  He told Dean that he had to leave the bunker to speak with some of his angel contacts in Heaven, which was halfway true.  Really, he met up with Sam (who had given Dean a story about going to see a movie a few towns over) and together they attempted to confront Metatron.
Any time he would begin to miss Sam or Cas, or feel the effects of the Mark, he simply drowned himself in the nearest bottle.
Dean leaned forward and whispered, “Turn over,” kissing Castiel on the neck and down his chest before climbing off with a final pump to his erection.  As much as he wanted to see Castiel while they did this, he also didn’t want Castiel to have to stare at his bruises.
to help the angel situation, he still wasn’t sure exactly how to do it.  Killing himself to go to Heaven to see Metatron was a one-way ticket, and despite the notions of the rit zein he was not suicidal.  Praying to the angels to see which one of them would show up wouldn’t be much better.
parents, not just memories.  And Cas… Cas was here somewhere.  Something opened in his heart, a tornado of churning in a place that had been long silent.
Dean leaned to kiss him, and it was just the faintest brush of lips, as though Dean refused to allow himself to get too tangled up.  “I’m sorry I couldn’t be more for you,” Dean said.
“Meanwhile,” Crowley said, turning to Dean, “You and jolly green giant have an interview with Vince’s publicist.  Ten o’clock at the Cafe of Angels down the street.”
“What?” Dean said, stunned.  What would Castiel be like without his angel powers?  Was he human?  He was almost certainly in danger…
