Dean looked away from his brother. "What? No. No, I don't want to bother him. He seemed… weird that time I accidentally called him before the New Harmony case. Said he was busy. He's God now, he prob'ly oughta be busy I guess, makes sense," Dean mumbled sheepishly, looking at the bottom of his glass.
Cas nodded. "Right." He sighed with relief. The warmth of Dean's hands and the texture of the hunter's skin against his… it brought him comfort beyond words.
"Dean, you don't have to convince me. Jack even in his adult form was essentially a toddler. The power of God on the hands of a child? I never thought we should rush him," Castiel said, taking Dean's hand gently.
Dean settled a throaty hum against Cas’s ear once more that made his skin feel hot and tingly all over.Then Dean whispered in a low gravelly voice, "I want to suck your dick, Cas. How does that sound?" The hunter began nibbling his earlobe.
Disbelief was quickly replaced with absolute shock when  he knelt down and shifting aside Jack's t-shirt  to reveal what lay there
Cas felt less and less that he knew what his body was doing but more and more certain that he wanted to let it do it.
Cas sighed, but couldn't stop his lips from twitching upward in a slight grin in spite of himself. "True enough. You should lie down," Cas said, guiding him to the bed. "Dean, I'm worried this will be very painful for you."
They lay there, entangled, for a short time, breathing, the dewy sweat and come cooling between them. Dean pulled out with a hiss at the oversensitivity and released Cas from the handcuffs with a tired smile. He was happy to see Cas's wings perk up and return to their usual vibrance.
"Jack, it isn't food. You can't keep putting things in your mouth like that." Cas chided affectionately once all the seeds were removed.
Dean shook his head and wiped away his tears before giving Sam a hopeless look. “You can’t, man. Just be good to Jack,” he said after a long moment.
Cas ignored all this, sipping thoughtfully on his coffee. "This sounds similar to a romantic outing. Or it would, if Jack wasn't coming along and you hadn't introduced the idea alongside the idea of going to watch nude dancing at an establishment named after a waste disposal location for those without plumbing."
"Good. Now, just stop thinking. Stop talking. Just enjoy this. Let me take care of you. If you don't like something, speak up. Otherwise, I only want to hear my name and your moans from your lips," Cas said firmly. Dean just nodded again. Cas slowly released his hand from Dean's mouth, then slowly kissing him.
“Hm. We’ll go for a run into town together tomorrow. I’m sure the three stooges can handle it,” he said, turning back around and heading to their room.
Neither of them said anything for quite a while, but Dean flooded the bond with warmth, reassurance and love. There were no words, just feelings. The hunter carefully tangled fingers into Castiel's feathers, tenderly stroking the wing he could easily reach. The bandaged hand cupped Castiel's cheek and he gave sweet, comforting kisses - on the angel's forehead, cheeks, jaw, and finally lips, occasionally giving long, soul-searching looks in between.
Dean sighed. "Yeah, I asked. They laughed. Jody said we fucked up by freaking him out and she had her hands full enough with Alex, Patience, Claire, and Kaia. Donna just laughed hysterically. Then Claire chimed in and said that was dumb and sexist to ask."
"Holy fucking balls, Cas. Really?" the hunter murmured, his body seeming to become rigid, like a spring ready to release. Dean's eyes went wide, and Cas could see that in spite of the sunlight his pupils were dilated and his face was flushed, leaving a trail of red right down to his shirt collar. He hissed through his teeth and pulled Cas close by the tie again. "Then we need a babysitter, stat, Cas. 'Cause I want you so bad I haven't been able to think of anyone else in… so long. Want you so bad it hurts," Dean crooned.
Cas opened his eyes groggily. He was surprised to be in a motel room, and more shocked still to find that he had one arm around Dean as he laid face down on the mattress.
"No, Cas." The hunter looked at him with anguished eyes. "You don't get it. I can't explain. It's not your fault, I just can't. Just forget about it."
He didn't think that was a terribly revealing or titillating piece of information. There were eight billion people on the planet and a good smattering of angels too, and just under half of them male - Dean would have no way of knowing which, if any, he thought were appealing.
"Samuel, my protege, my braw lad, my love… I've had a crack at thousands of ancient manuscripts, spells, and prophecies in my centuries of time on this earth. I am certain, and mark my words Samuel, if you touch a hair on the head of the wee barra I'll have your hide, I am certain that the best way to interpret that prophecy is to make sure Jack NEVER gets his powers back."
“Come here, I’ve missed you Jack. Let me hold him,” Cas insisted. He shuffled his aching body over as far as he could on the small bed and patted the space next to him for Dean, who smiled and crammed himself half on top of the former angel. Castiel held Jack to his chest. The baby made happy noises and Cas beamed at the vibrant child as he squirmed to get  comfortable.
"What does it mean? You always say that," he panted, moaning as Cas's cock grazed that heavenly spot inside him. "What does it mean, Cas?"
"In older days," Rowena began, addressing the guests as Emily signed along, "people would also introduce a little bondage to the marriage day… just as a means of really tying down those vows," she said.
Dean shrugged. "I dunno. I think there was a lot of pressure on him to be this powerful God-figure. Took the pressure off, I guess."
"He's fine, dearie," she said with a knowing smile, "but his grace is gone. It seems our angel has truly fallen. He will sleep for… och, a while. But he's physically well enough. Aches and pains to be sure, but nothing perilous. It's his mind that's making the adjustment."
Cas kept up his adoring, tender rhythm, and was lightly kissing and coaxing Dean through his climax, still looking at the hunter all the while. Dean felt a little shy - no one had ever watched him so intently during sex before. There was a new level of intimacy with Cas that he was learning to accept.
Dean scoffed. “Of course. I’m not going to say no to a free house with free water and electricity. And protected from monsters. With an industrial kitchen. I’m not an idiot.”
"Are you happy now?" Dean asked, stroking a long feather, coating it in the oil, making Cas moan softly.
“Well… I don’t think that’s a huge risk with either of them. And Sam will get over it, don’t worry Cas.”
"Oh?" Cas looked confused. He kept looking at the slice of pie, then back at Dean, cocking his head.
Dean's laughter finally subsided. "Cas, I know you want me. You don't have to do stuff like that. You can just be you. Don't feel like you have to research this stuff. Just be natural. Just be you. You're what I l-like." Dean flushed and felt his head spin again. He tried to say it, but he chickened out at the last second.
“Don’t - don’t hug me like I’m fragile or whatever. Hug me like usual! I’m a - badass princess war general, not a flower,” Dean grumbled, squeezing Cas harder to drive his point home.
"Sunshine what's taking so damn long, I - hey! Jack!" Dean said, walking back out into the living room, his irritation turning quickly into joy, but then just as quickly turning into concern as he saw Cas was crying.
Cas pulsed in luminescence, bathing the garden up brilliantly with celestial light, wings flaring out violently, and a shrill cry in his true voice. Dean eased up, coaxing him sweetly through his orgasm, still bathed in the white light, eyes open all the while. It seemed to last forever and the light was so bright. But it didn't hurt.
. So flirting, maybe. Anything more was never gonna happen." Dean felt panic gripping him in a couple of different ways. He should have known they couldn't go out together here, he thought, chastising himself. And now Cas was going to think he was fooling around on him.
Cas's vision when he took off with Kelly before Jack was born was true. He made heaven into a paradise as it was always meant to be, with some help from Cas and the other angels Jack took from the Empty. He had brought them back to heaven, which the Empty accepted because they were all awake from the explosion. That had been a problem It was all too eager to get rid of. He restored the angels’ wings and reset Chuck's cruel brainwashing and script, thus giving them free will. The demons in the Empty were returned to Rowena's care since they were also awake, so things stayed relatively quiet hell-side too They didn’t want to cross the Queen of Hell. There were still minor monsters to handle from time to time, but Jack and Amara restored balance and peace. Things were quiet. Things were...happy.
"You're beautiful, Dean," he said, locking eyes with him, the afterglow still very literally fading from his eyes. The comment made Dean blush again. "But," Cas said, gaze drifting down to Dean's lips, "You missed some. Right here," and he placed an open mouth kiss on the corner of the hunter's mouth, softly lapping up a drop of come. Dean moaned aloud then. Cas kissed Dean again slowly, letting his taste spread into their kiss. When Cas released him, Dean collapsed to the ground, saying "Jesus fucking christ," and letting his eyes fall closed with a groan.
Cas shook his head. “No, no. I’m quite certain it was miraculous. I would know,” Cas yawned. “Can’t I touch you too? I think it would still feel pleasurable for you,” he hummed. His eyes were unfocused and the hunter couldn’t be sure if it was from the mind-blowing afterglow, or pure exhaustion.
Cas wasn't sure why this string of vocalization caught his interest more than the other indecent noises Dean made eating his burger - maybe just that there was some measure of resolution between them - but he felt a flare of heat coiling low in his belly. His breath hitched slightly. He didn't want to be too forward with Dean yet though, so he didn't attempt to broadcast his reaction. Last time they'd fought and made up, they had both been upset. This time he just felt downtrodden and guilt ridden. Dean was more hurt than angry. Cas didn't know how to overcome that, so he resolved not to make a move toward intimacy until the hunter did.
“Don’t be nervous. You cannot do anything with your body that can cause me pain. I’m an angel,” he said with an inviting smile.
Cas felt a pang of guilt. During their days apart he had tried very hard to put Dean out of his mind entirely. He had no idea the hunter had been thinking of him and doing so much. Planning for Sam to leave, thoughtfully making the deck box for him, learning about "angel stuff", and pining all the while. Cas had felt his longing, but in his own anger, he had ignored it. Sometimes the fact that humans could have so many conflicting emotions and act on them simultaneously baffled him. Dean was angry and hurt and being rude and stubborn, yet pining and eagerly planning for Cas to return. The angel was amazed and confused by that.
I think we're getting close to the end here. I think roughly two more chapters and we'll probably call it a wrap.
"I'm glad you could say it too. Because you deserve to know you can say it and nothing bad will happen as a result. Your love is a blessing to me."
"My trapped words are…” the hunter paused and stifled another sob, then whispered, “'Cas, I love you'."
Cas was already glowing a brilliant blue, much faster than he had the first time, panting madly as his hunter teased the glands without any sign of clemency.
"Help me think, Cas. You wanna go to dinner? Go to the movies? Those are classics,m. There's always a bar, but that's not very romantic, and judging by your book there I think you're looking for something a lil higher class. What sounds good?"
"You look really good in my clothes," Dean said again, lifting an eyebrow as he gave Cas another once over. He really couldn't get enough of it.
Still, he didn't want to push Cas. He seemed guarded and concerned about it when they spoke in the garden, and the couple of times Dean had tried to get frisky with the oil glands for even a second too long he got a nasty look. Which was fair, he supposed, but he really thought he could handle it and he was frankly a little insulted that Cas didn't have any more faith in him than that.
“Ah... I knew about the oil glands, obviously - for preening… I didn’t know you’d want to touch them and, uhhh,” he cut off in a deep moan as Dean moved his fingers in slow circles around them again, “Uh, hmm… I didn’t know it would feel like
As they turned around and came back toward their station, Cas watched in amusement as Dean encountered a small sand crab. He excitedly pointed at it and watched it burrow into the wet sand as it scampered away.
"You know, I always thought I could be a good dancer if I wanted to be. I just… I never had the right partner before,” Dean admitted with a wistful smile.
"What am I gonna do now, huh buddy?" He asked Jack, who squealed happily and smacked the small teddy repeatedly on the floor of the pack and play.
Dean cruelly ignored Cas's aching cock in front of him, instead turning slightly to focus on the wings. From down on his knees, Dean could reach the longer primary feathers of Castiel's wings. He carefully laced his fingers through the feathers and admired them. He loved the blue-black color, the vague misty glow of the feathers, and how little reflective iridescent rainbows graced them where the light hit.
"Sit with me, please." Dean asked, but the look in his eyes made it almost a command. Castiel sat next to him on the bed and hesitantly let one of his hands lovingly ghost over the back of Dean's.
"You don't have to. I just wondered. Seemed like you were kinda interested in my neck." Dean said, trying to hide his disappointment with a chuckle.
"I'm going to fill you up now," the angel panted, "I'm going to stake my claim. Mine," he said, then cursed in Enochian as he did just that, hips stuttering and rhythm lost, filling the hunter with his warm slick load. Dean heard his lover's wings flare out and felt the warm glow of heavenly light burn throughout the kitchen.
Still, the bone-chilling realization someone had Sam and crew and that they were coming for Jack propelled them into cold, calculated action. Silently, Cas looked at Dean and with a nod turned away. Dean stalked with a dark look over to the weapons and began to load up his guns and strap on his knives. He took special care with the 1911 Colt. He had unusual security blankets and coping mechanisms, and one of them was to take extra care with his favorite firearm. He knew it was not the most practical choice, but he felt comfortable with that gorgeous weapon in his hand.
"That depends," Dean said, voice dropping low. "If you mean too tired to appreciate the naked angel on my bed, no, I don't think so." He grinned, flashing his teeth wickedly.
He experimentally dragged his lips in a line from the hollow between Dean's ear and jaw to space just above his clavicle. The hunter let out an appreciative sound. He surprised Cas as he suddenly laid back and yanked Cas down on top of him.
Dean cocked an eyebrow and gave Cas a naughty grin, eagerly stripping everything but the holy oil glasses they brought along.
Jack made a few more passes between the three of them, squealing with excitement and delight each time the adults would applaud and celebrate him for reaching a destination successfully.
“You need to apologize, you need to talk to him. It’s healthy. You hurt his feelings. And you need to talk to him about what happened with the succubus the other night too. Explain your feelings.”
funny. He knew that. But Cas's developing sense of humor was so endearing. More than that, seeing Cas's self-satisfied reaction to it was
He took it with a slight grimace and nodded at the little dolphin, who eagerly clicked and squealed joyfully at him.
If you are still in a holiday mood, I made a VERY SILLY holiday one-shot: https://archiveofourown.org/works/28290858   =]   I just really wanted happy Team Free Will 2.0 and co and mistletoe kisses!
“I knew the parallel with cowboys would make it attractive to you,” Cas said with a slight satisfied smirk.
When the car began moving and Cas heard the blessed sound of crunching gravel turned to smooth asphalt beneath them, he began.
OH BOY, I hope you're ready for a long, silly, fluffy chapter. Like this chapter is kind of stupid, but it was really fun. I hope you like it! There is nothing substantive to this chapter, but we spend a lot of time with wings, so be warned is that's not your cuppa! Also, sorry if it has a lot of typos. I wrote a lot of this on my phone and I tried to edit it but it was finals week and I just don't promise to have done a good job  =[
Cas nodded. Dean was being completely precious right now. The angel adored these carefree moments Dean felt safe enough to enjoy himself so openly and let that joy and excitement sink right down to his core.
Dean froze for a moment. He hesitated, turning to face Cas, then looked at the ground. "My old man."
Cas quickly lubed his cock and then nervously pressed himself against Dean, hesitating. He didn't want to hurt him.
"No, I don't wanna fucking hear it, Cas!" Dean spat. "I don't take things like that. Do you understand me? I don't want what you aren't freely giving. Just giving it because you're-you're confused or you feel bad or you think you need to - I'm not like that. I may be bad but I'm not that fucked up!"
Eileen giggled and held out a hand for a high-five to Sam, which he returned with a disbelieving smile.
Cas climbed onto the bed and all the sensation from the grace abruptly ceased. The sudden stop made Dean whimper and groan, but Cas was already pressing against his hole and whispering soft reassurances. The magical lube from grace had Dean slick and ready, so Cas was groaning as he pushed inside with a series of quick, fluid motions.
Dean kissed Cas then, soft and smiling. There was a certain freedom he felt, blooming from within him. Here he was, in public, with his partner who loved him, smooching the hell out of him. And he wasn't afraid. And he wasn't sorry. He felt awesome. Fucking awesome.
. It's a good goddamn thing he's cute, I'm not joking," Dean grumbled with a slight huff of laughter as he started to get up.
"No! You guys want me to use my powers! I don't want to! I don’t want to! I want them to go away! I don't want anything bad to happen anymore!" Jack panted. He squeezed his eyes shut and covered his ears, backing away from the men.
“Calm down, Cas. I ain’t even started yet,” he chuckled. “You ever had a blow job before? I know you had some fun with April before she ganked you.”
"It was a nice idea to bring mom back. I miss her, so much. But like I said, she's happy and it was dangerous for you to go back there - or then, I guess. And I'll never get over what happened, not totally, but shit, he was soulless. I've been a demon, I've killed innocent people. That haunts me. But it's not Jack's fault. Really, it was Chuck if you think about it." He said, spitting out the spent deity's name. "I'm trying to come to peace with mom. And I am, slowly. It makes it easier knowing she's happy."
Dean leaned back from the embrace to look at Cas. It broke his heart to see Dean's red rimmed eyes and hear his voice thick with tears.
"Well, my vessel will age, but I'm still an angel, at least for many years to come. I will still be able to perform miracles. I feel confident I can manage something as trivial as our joint pain. The grey hair - I am confident that we'll manage."
After a moment of thought, he looked at the hunter, locking onto his eyes. "... Dean. You do know that if I knew what you needed... I would be sure to give it to you, whatever it may be, to the absolute best of my ability. Is there something you’d like to share with me, perhaps?" Cas was surprised to hear his voice so low and earnest. Internally he winced at the naked vulnerability that poured out of his throat.
"Yeah, yeah, you got it," Dean chuckled, and he leaned down to kiss Cas deeply, squeezing his arms in appreciation, and rocking softly against him. He was a little shocked. Castiel was a patient lover when he was in control, but tonight - tonight he was needy and didn't want to waste a moment. When they broke away, Cas was already panting and writhing. "Oh," he said as Dean pulled away.
“Eh, whatever. Don’t be a creep. Anyway, I can’t get my hair down. I keep… pulling on it and shit,” he said, then froze, looking at Cas. “Look, I can’t ask Sammy. He’s being a total dillweed about this. Will, uh… will you help me?”
Sam again attempted to stab Abigail with force, but missed, causing him to stumble and fall forward. As he managed to roll out of it unharmed, Dean glanced back at Cas.
Dean lifted an eyebrow. "Yeah, I was there when you got the knife and watch. But then you picked up a package from the PO box the other day from Victoria's Secret. I
Dean had rotated the seat back around. Cas looked over to see that Jack was indeed taking his late morning nap, looking precious with the sun diffused through the visor of the seat in an arc behind his little head.
"Hmm. I wonder…" Cas said, pulling his wallet from his pocket. He didn't normally carry it, but since there were non-hunter folks at the wedding he had given some of them a ride now that they were attempting normalcy somewhat in their lives he, decided to bring his driver's license along. He flipped the wallet open, then smiled and showed Dean.
," he sighed, pausing for a short time, looking off at the hellebore, focusing in on the beautiful verdant leaves amid the other dull colors. "I think it's because… I don't ever want it to end – happy or sad. And...I think it's because I never got to enjoy the beginning or the middle,” he grated out bitterly, sticking the twig he was fiddling with into the ground over and over.
Cas shook his head and composed himself, taking a deep breath. He leaned very close to the hunter and spoke in that soft, low voice, "Dean I have wanted you for so long." He paused, sighing. "Allow me to be very clear since that is a problem between us - I want you sexually. Very strongly. And I have for years."
This was indescribably awkward. Or it should have been, at any rate. Cas felt guilty for needing this - needing to touch someone was a completely foreign idea to him. And though he had long craved Dean's touch, this hadn't been what he'd had in mind. Not only that, but a part of him was angry that it would be like this - out of need and pity. He was sure that Dean would never do this if not for that and it broke his heart just a little more. Despite that ache in his chest, though, there was a desperate need for comfort here. Against his will and better judgment, he clung to it with all he had left in him.
“Dean!” Castiel choked out, arching his back fiercely and flaring his wings, knocking Dean a little of balance, every feather lifting and fluffing out.
“Dean, please. I think you know what I mean,” Cas said gently. “You just seem… preoccupied, or like you're not mentally present.”
"He does look really sad…" Sam said, looking at the dog, who whimpered adorably, "but...how are we going to sell this idea to Dean?"
"He didn't tell me! You got the same explanation at the same time I did!" Dean said, wrenching his arm out of his brother's grip.
Cas nodded. A serious look crossed his face. “I’m sorry I yelled at you. I am. I found myself unsettled by that.”
There was nothing about this in the prophecies, not that he knew of at least. Who would have predicted? Angels weren't known for their domestic qualities or child-rearing abilities, and certainly that he would find himself content to live with two hunters and an infant was bizarre. But… pleasing all the same. Watching the baby sleeping soundly made his heart vibrate with joy and love.
“He has an eidetic memory. And he can perfectly recall conversations too,” Dean said with a chuckle, emulating Cas’s gravelly timbre in a playful mocking way. “It can get a little irritating when we’re arguing,”
One chapter left! It will be a long one and it will be so very fluffy. I have a short epilogue chapter I may do to round the story out and a few little one shots planned for this series though, so I don't think I'm done with Dean and Cas just yet! <3
When they left, Dean grabbed his hand in the parking lot and pulled him close, cupping the angel's hand in both of his own against his chest like something precious.
"Is there something special about birthday sex? Do you do it differently on your birthday?" Cas inquired, worried he was unprepared for whatever that might mean.
"Is that what you think?" Cas said darkly, punctuated by a particularly salacious roll of his hips and grasping Dean hard around the waist, pulling him closer. Dean groaned desperately.
"Oh, you're not happy," Dean said, giving an awkward, guilty smile, "Okay, okay, they're so I can see… uh, your true form. But don't be mad! I got help."
Cas reached out a huge hand and bent to lower it to Dean. The long, spindly fingers looked so delicate and graceful, and yet they were enormous. Dean was amazed and also felt smaller than he’d ever felt.
"It is ridiculous, you know, to tell me not to be embarrassed and then to experience such embarrassment yourself. But I cannot complain. I enjoy seeing you… uncertain, in a sense," Cas crooned, kissing him gently on the other cheek.
It didn’t help that he heard the echoes of a long-dead father reminding him of what real men do, and what they definitely didn’t do. Dean felt hopeless, worthless, lifeless in his bed, alone. He tossed and turned all night and didn’t sleep a wink.
Cas turned around and stepped deliberately toward the hunter, stopping only a hand span away from him so they stood face to face.
"Well let me try some!" Dean demanded. He popped a piece into his mouth. "It's pretty good," he said, chewing. "But this pie is like heaven. Try it!" Dean scooped a bite of the caramel apple pie onto his fork and held it out for Cas, the caramel dripping a bit back onto the plate. It did look delicious.
"Relax, Dean. I will treat you with utmost care." The words were kind but his voice was dripping with absolute need, which Dean felt reverberate in his core.
Cas held the hunter close, listening contentedly to the steady beating of his heart. Dean fell asleep and Cas laid with him all night.
Cas tilted his head at Dean. "That's unusual. Wouldn't it be like if I always followed you into the shower and washed your body?"
Dean laughed and stroked his palm up and down, torturously slow and not quite firmly enough. "I like seeing you at a loss for words, Cas."
Cas took the information in quietly for a moment. "I should do a cowboy voice?" he asked, looking uncertain, adjusting the hat slightly.
Castiel set the arrangement near to Dean on the table near his bed. Dean slowly touched each of the types of flowers, mouthing sweet words as he recalled each meaning and the names of the flowers carefully. “Gardenia… that is for secret love. Red roses - love and passion, I know that. Hyacinth - I do not know that. I don’t know this plant at all.”
The hunter came around behind the angel and began to firmly massage his neck. “I told you I did some reading, Cas. And now I know a few things I didn’t before,” he said, pressing strong fingers into the dense muscles of Cas’s shoulders. This amused Cas because he did not need a massage, but he stayed silent as Dean’s hands moved to the ridges of muscle where his wings met his back. “I learned, for instance - you didn’t tell the truth when I asked the most sensitive part of your wings,” he said, leaning down to whisper in Castiel’s ear, then bringing his hands slowly, firmly, to the very base of where the feathers began along that ridge of muscle on each side, gently pressing his thumbs inward at the bottom in a half-circle motion.
"Yeah! It's weird but… I was just sort of, uh, I dunno - teleported into Jody's living room,” Sam said, nonplussed. “One minute I was there and now I’m here. Like I said, real weird.”
"What is that all s'pposed to mean, Cas?" Dean sighed his head against the pillow as they tried in vain to sleep..
Dean drew back, eyes wide. "Okay, okay! Dude, what's with you?" he groused, angrily cutting a bite of it with the side of his fork. He wanted to recoil a bit when he saw how easily the jiggly egg split and it's yolks oozed, but he didn't actually see any uncooked white. He furrowed his brow and shoved it into his mouth, expecting to have to choke it down. He chewed furiously, staring at Cas.
"Cas, uh, I’m sorry. As much as I hate to admit it, Dean had a point. You did try to tell us. And you - you have been working really hard with Jack. Um, so I just wanted to say sorry. And thanks. Babies aren't my thing."
Cas had touched himself before in his time as a human, albeit briefly and out of frustration. It did not begin to compare to the velvety heat and firm weight throbbing in his palm now. Dean felt perfect in his hand, he gasped nearly inaudible at the contact and let his head fall back and his eyes slide closed.
Cas stood up and slipped into his undershirt again to give the hunter some space. He sat in the chair across from the bed quietly, regarding the hunter with a concerned look.
“What? You don’t even like them! What - what even brought this up, man?” Dean asked, no less baffled, cheeks turning crimson.
Cas just tilted his head. "We didn't come to an agreement when I suggested we… engage earlier in the day." He looked around the room with a soft smile. "You lit candles? I like them."
"Dean, I love you too. I love you too," he repeated over and over. Dean's tears had not stopped flowing, but he was smiling.
Cas felt the moment the dam on his steadily building frustration broke. There were too many layers between them and he couldn't tolerate it a moment longer. He began insistently peeling Dean's jacket off and furiously working on the buttons of his shirt. Dean giggled at Cas' inexperience and fervor but joined him by helping him shimmy out of the trenchcoat.
"That's strange. Why would that be nice? I harmed you. I bruised you and bit you and restrained you with angelic force. I had to heal you.”
Cas opened one tired eye, with a hint of a grin painted on his face. “Better than eating pie on the kitchen floor?”
He shifted to lay alongside his hunter, avoiding the desperate man's dick - Cas wanted to tease him and make him needy tonight. He made his hand hot, then stroked the inside of the hunter's thigh. Cas smiled with satisfied admiration as Dean's cock became fully erect.
Castiel gave him a slow knowing nod and walked off to seek privacy among the cluster of trees not far from the path. As Dean tried to look nonchalant he took time to truly admire the fine work Castiel did as groundskeeper. The gardens were the envy of the world around. The omega toiled endlessly, but there was true passion in his work the likes of which Dean could not relate. It was an admirable quality in him to be so detailed and caring in his work. It would not do to describe an omega as proud, but in a way he did seem so and keeping gardens as grand as these, he should be.
“CLOSE YOUR EYES!” Rowena bellowed as the room began to fill with light and the whining sound of Abigail’s true voice, piercing the ears of the humans in the room.
Cas rolled his eyes. "Now that we've gotten that established, shall we resume?" Cas huffed impatiently.
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
The brothers were grateful when the heavy moment was interrupted by a new song coming on. They recognized it immediately and joy lit up their eyes. The brothers burst out with a cacophony of noise, Sam less melodic than Dean as they caterwauled along with the music.
"We have to start putting this soft stuff on all the sharp edges right away. I read an article while you were in the bathroom and it says it's only a matter of time - and not much time! - before he starts pulling up on stuff. We gotta put these child proofing locks on the weaponry areas too, like… yesterday! Jesus Sammy, I can't believe he can crawl. I'm gonna blink and the little shit will be walking and talking and putting stuff in his mouth -,"
… is my baby brother. And I'm honored he chose me to be his best man. I'd like to start by thanking all of you for coming out today to celebrate this with Sam and Eileen. What a beautiful wedding, huh?" He paused here and let scattered applause from some guests and white napkins waving in the air signal the crowds' appreciation. He swallowed even though there was nothing to swallow - his throat felt like a desert badland and he felt lightheaded.
Cas sighed. He adjusted his sore body again. It was not exactly comfortable to share the small bed with them, especially in his battered, newly human state, but he still preferred their closeness. “I’ve only ever been an angel or a convenience store attendant...” he trailed.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
"It didn't, did it? What about when I kissed you hard and scratched you that time? Or when I did this?" Dean asked, touching the hickey on Cas's neck.
"Dean, I'm fine. Hey, I'm happy. I'm - I'm just really damn happy. We're here to relax, to enjoy ourselves. Until it's cake-cutting time, you just relax. The only person who has to do anything now is DJ Charlie. Go, get a beer, grab some food. Grab one of the crappy disposable cameras, snap some pictures. I'm gonna go sit with Eileen. My
"Yes, that is how I have always seen it, and I believe Jack has as well. You were right. This is a second chance and you're ready now. You can be his father. You are his father."
Cas pulled away gasping in breath after a short while. “You gotta breathe now, buddy. You can still use your nose,” Dean reminded him with a soft chuckle.
"He got me back though. He, uh, he superglued a beer bottle to my hand and messed with the radio in my car - made it so every time I turned it on the windshield wipers started goin'," he admitted with a chuckle, shaking a finger at Sam.
"I think I'd simply like to explore human life. I will be an angel for decades yet, but I find that I enjoy human experiences. I want to explore that with you."
He would normally blush and add a few distracting, colorful words, maybe a joke, or terms he knew Cas didn’t know to deflect the emotion, but now he just felt connected and open and he didn’t care about any of that. He supposed that at least for this one night, he’d left his baggage at the door and just focused on Cas. His angel.
Rowena lifted the braided cord up theatrically. "Join hands, dearies," she said. Eileen and Sam did, looking at each other with misty, saccharine smiles. Rowena bound the cords over their hands three times, then tying it in a knot, but loose enough they could slip out.
He showed the others a pack of novelty socks covered in brightly colored junk foods, pizza burgers, ice cream, and bacon. He put the bacon ones on right away, flexing his toes in the soft cotton. “Comfy, too!”
As he went to lift his hand away and go to his room, the door swung open. Castiel's face was covered in shining tears, but they streamed silently, splashing softly and slowly on the collar of his trenchcoat. Dean felt like a deer in the headlights. He hadn't intended to actually face Cas or talk to him. He wasn't prepared.
“We aren’t perfect. We aren’t perfect people, we aren’t perfect to each other, we aren’t perfect parents. I know that. But this feels perfect.”
"You look flustered. Give me your hand. Breathe," he instructed. Cas looked back up and added as an afterthought, "but you… you look stunning. In addition to being flustered. Now, breathe in deeply."
Dean felt his stomach flip. If Cas thought choking was weird, he wasn't sure what he'd think of all Dean's interests.
"Hmm. Okay, yes," he admitted. Dean lifted his eyebrows, mouth still full, and gestured for Cas to keep speaking.
, Castiel, snuck off and had a secret wedding and thought they could keep it under the radar! Said they didn’t want to distract from our special day! Can you believe that?!" He said, gesturing at them. The guests seemed a little shocked but those who knew them had eyes alight with joy.
"Yeah. A nice picnic," Dean said with a softer smile. He gently thumped Jack's back again, and this time he spit up all over Dean's arm.
Dean swallowed hard. "I know that dammit. I mean - what do you know? About the… the longing?" He winced at the word, it grated out of his mouth and his lip curled as he said it.
It was only a short few minutes before Dean was moaning and breathing desperately right along with him. He noticed that at some point they had begun a rocking motion in time with the desperate breathing Cas was doing, sweet and needy. Cas was arching back into him rhythmically and he was moving right along with it, feathering out the pressure, hands dripping with the sweet musky smelling oil. His cock was straining painfully against his jeans, his heartbeat was like a drum increasing tempo in his ears, but there was no way he was removing his hands for even a fraction of a second. Cas was beautiful. His wings were shaking and twitching wildly, he was out of breath and the
Cas didn't know what to say to that, so he just smiled and rolled into Dean's warmth and hummed softly, cleaning them with his grace.
Cas pondered. "It's a competition?" He was concerned he'd missed an important point in the process. And he certainly didn't intend to lose at anything.
"Cas, you can't just waste your grace on stuff like that!" He scolded sharply. Cas growled, "I don't care." and sealed Dean's mouth with a searing, hard kiss. It was even more intense than before now that they were skin to skin. As their slick tongues explored each other’s mouths, Cas slotted his body against the man and was surprised at how nicely he fit with Dean. His curiosity and desire got the better of him as he pressed a warm palm firmly to Dean's aching cock, eliciting a groan and a buck of the hunter's hips against his firm hand.
Until he got up the courage to face both Cas  and coffee, he decided to call Sam. While the phone rang, he made faces at Jack, making the child giggle. For a moment, it  made Dean happy, but that was quickly replaced by a  renewed heavy guilt in his chest, when he recalled yelling  at him the previous night . His feelings felt like knives twisting inside him.
"Okay, I hear ya. What if... I had too many toes? Like… sixteen toes," Dean deadpanned. He knew it was absurd, but if he couldn't figure out how to assuage Castiel's fears, he could at least make him laugh.
Cas smiled softly. He felt more relaxed than he had in so long. He tentatively tried to find Dean's hand in a sloppy, searching motion.  His chest was filled with warmth when the hunter lazily grasped his hand. He intertwined their fingers. That action felt so precious and intimate to Cas he had to stifle a gasp.
"I - you just - here, " Dean stammered, then grasped Cas's arm and rested it on his own forearm. The hunter blushed. He knew he was being completely passe and just cheesy as all hell, but it was Castiel's first date. If he liked all the romance novels and telenovelas, Dean was going to make it special, even though he knew he was going to catch hell from Sam for it later.
“Interesting,” Cas said, contemplating the idea of reincarnation. “I would think Billie would view it as similar as returning to life.”
Sam couldn't wrap his head around the thought that they were all willing to let Jack be a baby if it meant "Death will reign". It seemed pretty obvious to him that they needed to do everything in their power to prevent that.
Dean nodded with a grimace. “Yeah, those things never are, but it's what we got until Metatron’s juicy tell-all best-seller comes out.”
Cas shrugged. "It seemed like a personal moment. I felt it was awkward for me to be there, but I'm not supposed to say so. So I wanted to be in here. I find a certain comfort in being in your space."
Dean chuckled and turned toward the sky. "Look at that. The clouds moved, you can see the moon! Lay with me and look at the sky."
Sam tried to turn his focus to the book that was open in front of him, unwilling to acknowledge the conversation at all. He read the same sentence probably four times just to try and force his mind elsewhere.
"Leave your hands still. Just let me please you. If you do not, I'll restrain you myself." Cas said.
"Yeah," was Dean's breathless response. Cas eased up and they quickly shimmied out of the rest of the clothes, tossing them onto the floor. Cas wasted no time getting back on top of Dean, pouncing on him so eagerly that it stole the hunter's breath for a moment.
It was a warm exchange. The sleepy grin when Dean realized there was coffee made Castiel's heart thump in his ears.
"Looks like you two had a good time," Sam said, eyeing the hickeys they were both sporting and their mussed hair with a chortle.
"You don't gotta thank me for that,  Cas," he said softly. "You needed it. Now I…. need it. People, they just need, y'know - comfort. Contact. Hugs and shit."
"I thought when you were saying all that stuff about how you'd do anything to help the - um, longing or whatever - that you just wanted to shut me up. I didn't know you felt that way too."
"You are already better. So much better. You are amazing," he whispered over and over. "You are good. You are the best man I've known in all my eons," he soothed.
"Look at him! He's healthy and thriving. No. It isn't dumb. Look at me," he said, swaying slightly and dipping his head low to catch the hunter's eye. "Dean, it isn't dumb. He deserves a childhood. He will be better suited for his role - but he deserves that regardless. All people deserve that. It isn't wrong to want that for him. It certainly isn't stupid."
The young alpha was getting to be well past the age of marrying. His younger brother, Samuel, had already taken a lovely wife. Eileen Leahy was an alpha from a good family and sharp wit. Her stunning smile could quiet a room in awe. Her deafness never stopped her from getting what she wanted.
He didn't actually wait to be let in, instead sort of shoving past Sam and impatiently gesturing at the door until he closed it.
Dean felt a thrill welling in his chest and the dozens of arms danced in an energetic fluttering of complex movements, the fire flared and flickered in him.
They chatted a bit more about their plans and Dean and Cas told the newlyweds about False Cape before they bid each other good night with cheerful waves and smiles. It was good to see each other so happy.
“Dammit, Cas! Don’t be like this!” Dean yelled, leaping from his chair, looking around even though he knew he was long gone. “Dammit!” Dean paced furiously for a moment and threw his book across the room.
Finally, Dean looked up. It was a few more seconds before anything happened. He had a moment of fear, worried that Cas might fly off elsewhere and leave him alone here.
Dean moved perfectly with Cas, trying desperately to keep his eyes open, trying to soak in the visual of the man moving exquisitely on top of him. The hat was really doing it for him, inviting mental visuals of ropes and sweaty sex in a dirty barn and Cas naked except his hat in the sunshine, wings spread out fully. He'd always had a pretty vivid imagination during sex, but Dean thought even as great as all those thoughts were that nothing could top the actual visual he was beholding. Cas was fucking hot.
It's the end of the main fic, but you'll notice that this is a part of a series by the same name! There are already some supplemental ficlets in the series, but as I've mentioned in previous notes, I am planning plenty more. <3    I really hope this ending is satisfying and that you all like it. I struggled with it because there was so much left to say, but I had to remind myself that it's just the end of this part of the journey. I made it a series for a reason.
When they arrived home, they checked in on Miracle and took him for a walk before Cas took Dean to the same field he had the first time they had spirit bonded. Dean swayed on his feet as he tried to get his bearings. All this flying was hell on his stomach.
Cas' nervousness had dissipated and he just chuckled at Dean and said "I feel... overjoyed." He put his hand on Dean's chest and hummed in contentment as he felt the steady, if increased, beat of his heart.
Their hands followed soon after their mouths, gripping each other and searching for the heat of bare skin. It wasn’t the most graceful or visually appealing kiss. It wasn’t the sort of kiss that movie directors would win awards for filming, but it was one of the best kisses either of them had ever had. The long boiling desperation and the realization that this moment was going to finally be the moment after twelve long years of pining and aching for one another was going to come to satisfaction was all poured into that one fiery, searching kiss.
"Jesus, Sam, you could pretend to be happy to see me for two seconds, be polite. Let me in asshole, and shut the door."
Cas set the book down on the table next to him a little too firmly and huffed an impatient sigh. "Well, haven't we had enough sad endings? I think we deserve happy endings." The angel seemed agitated.
When he climbed up the rise to meet Castiel, he was not surprised to see the angel had removed his coat and was tending some flowers carefully with his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, kneeling in the dirt.
"I know what he needs," Dean announced, standing up and walking over to the old record player at the edge of the room, "some good vibrations. Music is healing."
Okay, I lied. I absolutely lied. This isn't the last chapter. Lmao, I am hoping for only one more after this, but... sometimes these guys do things I don't predict.
"Young nephil," he said in an amused but firm tone, "we are definitely binding your powers. Unacceptable."
Cas realized something. Dean was afraid. Give him ghouls or rugarus or demons to slay and he was fine. Dean Winchester's darkest fears all lived inside him and they were trying to break loose.
He wasn't sure how much time passed until he fell asleep there in the driver's seat. It was fitful and he didn't feel rested at all. He sat bolt upright after perhaps an hour - his necklace was warm, and there was the steady beating he'd come to rely on. He scrambled out of the car, looking around in the dark on the side of the road.
Dean was going to tell him he loved him or gush about the intensity of the bond, or the beauty of Castiel’s true form. But the residual connection between them communicated it all wordlessly. Cas was better at keeping his thoughts to himself somewhat as if behind a door that only needed nudged open. Dean, however, was mentally broadcasting every passing thought as if standing on a soapbox and screaming into a megaphone. Dean could tell that everything he wanted to say had already made it to Cas by the look on his face.
There was silence for a moment, then Cas peered at the pancakes. "I would scold you for eating in bed since you have no grace to clean up after yourself, but maybe instead you could just give me a bite."
Cas unpinned Dean from the door and followed him to the bed. Dean laid on top of the covers and beckoned Castiel to join him, which the angel did.
The actual touching wasn't what he wanted at all - too fast, too hard, too rhythmless - but seeing Cas like this, possessive and unrestrained - it was doing something uncontrollably powerful to Dean. He wasn't sure how long he could hold off.
Dean felt his cheeks become hot and eyes sting with unspilled tears. Maybe Cas was right. A whole day of that would probably have him crying like a little kid. He hadn't gotten used to hearing effusive praise and adoration. He wasn't sure he'd ever get used to hearing it the way Cas wanted to say it, all gushing and poetic. Cas did get him better than anyone - he wanted to say these deep, intimate, beautiful things to Dean but didn't just so he didn't make him uncomfortable. He only said it now because Dean had pushed. Cas had gentle patience with him that Dean appreciated. It was one of the many things he loved about the angel.
"Yeah, that's what I said. The good decorations." Dean added a goofy eyebrow wiggle. "Saw you and Sammy under it quite a few times," he teased. Eileen giggled and Sam just blushed.
"But when I'm alone and I think of you, no problem. Boom. I need like three cold showers a day. And God! I'm too damn old for wet dreams, but sometimes I still have ‘em anyway, and when I do it's always you! I want you so bad. I want you right now, I just…" he trailed off, then he sighed and pressed himself closer to Cas’s back.
Dean sighed, eyes stinging, about to turn away from the door. He told Sam earlier and he wasn't wrong - if Cas didn't want to talk, he couldn't make him. Instead, he whispered a longing "I miss you," to the door in front of him
"It doesn't matter if it's a human gesture, you know. I'm half-human, remember? Well, sort of. I like hugs."
Dean smiled. "I'll start simple," he said spreading his hands over Cas's chest and letting them roam to his shoulders.  Curiously, he reached over to Cas' wing and softly touched the feathers. "Can you feel that?" Dean asked. Cas shook his head. "Not really. They're more or less numb. I can tell you're doing something, but I can't really feel it."
The hunter paced quietly around the kitchen in his pajama pants and robe, muttering to himself and sipping on the coffee periodically.
Cas said nothing and Dean cleared his throat. Cas tucked the diaper bag into the bottom of the stroller and followed Dean along the path through the park, strolling past the occasional small flower bed. Cas mumbled a bit to Jack about the different flowers and their magical properties until Dean stopped walking.
Dean laughed, nudging the salty younger brother before turning back to the food. “Oh, I see. You’re being facetious and mocking Sam.” Cas said with a knowing nod.
Sensing his lover's concern, Cas curled a wing around him. Dean turned his face in to smell the sweet oil of the feathers, closing his eyes and humming softly. Cas felt the waves of anxiety rolling off of the hunter begin ebbing away.
"We don't tolerate that here. I'm so sorry. Everything is in the house tonight. I own this place. We don't do bigotry."
, not because you want me to, Dean,” he spat, “but when I get back we are seriously going to talk about boundaries. I live here too!”
Cas gave him a dubious look, but as the words stopped the tension grew once more. Cas let his hands begin to wander and stroke all Dean, and he leaned into each touch they gave him as well.
The longing surged and tugged at his heartstrings before he had even made it out of Dean's sight. Cas tried to imagine how he was supposed to forget about something that happened all the time.
"It means that you should hope I like this movie or you'll be watching a long documentary I found recently regarding the mating habits of different bee species."
Dean thought he was going to freeze to death before Cas said anything, but finally, Cas reached a hand out and placed it on Dean's shoulder.
Dean smiled and meandered around the range, checking up on the other students and making sure everyone was taking care of their firearm.
The door was open. Dean didn't see Cas as he peered around, but he could see that Jack had evidently been up all night because he was sitting on his neatly made bed watching a movie on his laptop.
Dean nodded, still blissed out. "Yeah… mmm, yeah I'm good,” he moaned softly. They were quiet for a few moments, enjoying the afterglow. “...So no explosion, but you went all BAMF smiting power?" Dean chuckled out between heaving breaths.
"Hello, Dean. Come with me, I have something to show you," he said, looking strangely serious. He led the hunter out to the garage and over to Baby, who was shining and cleaner than Dean had left her. Dean chuckled.
The elder Winchester’s heart broke a bit that Sam hadn’t asked for his help, but that wasn’t what this call was really about. He shook it off. "Well maybe what I’m sayin’ Sammy is that maybe I need you to come help with that," Dean hissed.
"No! No, no. I just… I guess you just kinda stole my thunder a little bit," Dean said, swallowing hard with a dry chuckle. The angel looked up then, tilting his head and narrowing his eyes.
"Spread out. Get in the middle of the bed. Spread your arms and legs. Lay your head back on the pillow. Relax," Cas demanded.
"C'mon, Cas. Gimme some sugar already. I'm sun-proof, stop, stop already," he pouted, kicking a bit at Castiel's hands as he worked the sunscreen into the tops of his feet. "That's enough."
Dean laughed, and the reactions became even more pronounced. “You like it when I tell you you’re pretty, don’t you? Was that like an angel blush?”
"You know, Cas, I think you got the word wrong. It's not hedonism when you do it for someone else. It's not hedonism when you can follow not up with 'I love you'. And, y'know… I love you too," Dean said, gently laying a hand on Castiel's chest. Cas was warmed by the adoration on Dean's face.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
Cas dragged his hips forward and ground against Dean. Another involuntary noise tore out of him - and Dean too.
Dean leaned into the soft comforting touches. "I don't know... Okay, that's a lie. The last time I was with a guy that wasn't paying me was a long time ago. We didn't get super far, I guess… I'm leaning on other experiences. 'Cause I don't know what to do when it's...you know."
Dean had never said the word out loud before. He knew, of course, but his previous encounters with men had been quick and dirty and hadn't left a lot of room for discussion. As pissed as he was, it felt good to say it. He looked at Cas suddenly and whispered again, "I'm bisexual."
Ever since they came out that first night, he’d been obsessed and a little mystified with the wings and it felt like he never got enough time to admire them properly. He still felt a pang of guilt at knowing that the mission to release him from Hell had been the cause of Castiel’s wings turning black - but at the same time, they were much more colorful and interesting now. He was struggling to let it go, but Cas seemed to genuinely like them better, so he was going to try not to let the guilt eat away at him.
Finally, Cas put a little extra over the handprint on Dean's arm by coating his hand and clasping it over the handprint, and smooshing it around a little.
Dean shifted around a bit in Castiel's enormous glowing hand, getting comfortable. He then decided he should lie down. He closed his eyes and let his hands touch the huge hand beneath him, soaking in the solid warmth of it. He let his mind drift away, thinking thoughts of letting go, being with Cas.
Cas's nostrils flared and he sucked in a deep breath. "Sometimes," he started levelly, "I think you are willfully
Cas gave it some thought. "Perhaps we could simply fight over something less important and emotionally difficult, like the last of the popcorn."
Dean was a bear when he woke up under most circumstances, but when he woke to that damned perfect angel these days, it helped a lot.
of it should be surprising!" Dean said, going around the kitchen island, trying to put some distance between them. He scowled, picking up the eggs and furiously whisking them, staring into the bowl, blushing.
The angel didn't think he'd ever had a better day in all his eons, and it was because of a series of simple admissions and three soft kisses.
Cas hummed a soft appreciative sound and pushed up his glasses as they fogged up in the coffee steam at the end of his nose. “I’ll never get used to these,” he grumbled.
"I dont wanna have to buy new clothes. I had to start exercising," he grumbled with a grimace at the thought. "Don't tell Sam."
"He'll like it, Cas. Oh, and you usually put your necklace inside your shirt - wear it over the t-shirt. He'll like that too," he said, patting Cas on the shoulder. "Uhh, what size shoe do you wear?"
GUYS I JUST NEED TO TELL YOU THAT THIS IS THE MOST SELF-INDULGENT WORK EVER WRITTEN, BUT THIS CHAPTER REALLY PUTS THE SELF-INDULGENT ICING ON THE SELF-INDULGENT CAKE so please just be aware of that. I think it's pretty good, but I'm aware that it is wildly long and over descriptive. I love you all and hope you can forgive me for that and my constant run-on sentences!
"Maybe they're partaking in more group sex." Cas offered. Dean made a half-impressed, half-disgusted face.
I haven't been back to heaven in years and I don't intend to. I was a warrior of Heaven and now the battle is over. I am a soldier no more. I am free of that and want to start something new. With you."
Dean hesitated for only a moment. That was Sammy. He couldn't leave Sammy! But… Sammy was a grown man, and Jack was a defenseless human baby.
Cas breathed in a ragged breath. "I can feel that, you know. That you miss me. The pain. The heartbreak. The doubt. I'm sorry. Dean, I'm so sorry. I've failed and failed and I keep failing," the angel said, quicker than Dean could process.
"I'm not mad. That just means I can keep eating bacon. Every day if I want," Dean said with a cheeky smirk.
The hunter wasn't sure if he heard the voice in his ears or in his mind. "Yes," he answered breathlessly aloud.
I worry this might be the chapter I lose some of you. I think of it as a happy thing that the brothers would live separately, even if Dean is having some mixed emotions for now, but I know I've seen the fandom pretty divided on that. If that's not your happy ending, I'm sorry! <3 But I hope you'll stick around. I think you'll really like where this is going for all of them.
Dean and Cas have to split up for a while, but Dean teaches Cas how to be intimate long distance. Cas is a little confused about human courtship, but all is well.
"Alright, let me at those feathers," he said wiggling his fingers greedily. Cas was already sitting on his trenchcoat which he had spread beneath them, his wings outstretched beautifully.
Cas didn't know what to do except hold on tight, so that's what he did. He felt each shaky inhale and small gulping, anguished sound that Dean made, everything he tried to choke back.
“I didn’t find out until you tried to play at Christmas.” Sam chuckled at the memory and Dean joined in, both ending up in side-splitting laughter as they recounted the completely botched attempts at music.
, Sammy! He’s ticklish under the ribs, I’m gonna get that junkless bastard-,” he roared, but Cas cut in with a smug look, “I think you know well that I am not, in fact, ‘junkless’,” he drawled, handing the gun back to Kevin.
Dean secretly thought these moments were the most wonderful moments to see Cas - when he was joyful and nurturing without having to overcome the awkwardness of angel-human dynamics, because though this entity before them may be God, to Cas he would always be a child.
"Yes, Sam, I do have a 'goddamn dog' in here, obviously," he said sighing, hopelessly at the mess of tan fur panting in the corner.
The baby gave him a grin, causing formula to leak onto the sleeve of Castiel's trenchcoat. Cas made a light chiding sound, but smiled fondly at him.
Dean slowly laid himself over the angel. "Let's be lazy. A nice lazy, cozy fuck," Dean mumbled in a languorous tone, eyes closed as he smiled and nipped softly at Cas's lower lip, letting a hand drop to playfully tease his lover's nipple. Castiel hummed at the touch.
“Shut up. But… uh, I was just calling to say I think I’ll stay here with Eileen for a few days. You know. Just to hang out," the younger brother said sheepishly. He knew Dean would catch on, but he was still trying to be veiled about it.
He went through the day thinking of ways to make it special for the angel. He cleaned his room, he changed the sheets, he brought in some candles - they usually used them for rituals, but tonight they would be for ambiance. Dean had never really tried to make it special for any of his partners before, but Cas was different from all those people. He was special.
"As long as we're talking to each other and we trust each other and we're both okay with it, there's nothing wrong with anything we do, okay? Those are the only important things. I don't care how weird something is or if you're nervous about it, just ask me. Some of the stuff you're afraid of is... really normal, Cas. You just don't know it yet. You're getting experience. It's normal to have kinks."
Cas nodded, but Dean caught the confusion in his eyes and recalled the misunderstanding about the pie. The hunter sighed. It was endearing but embarrassing to have to explain these things out loud to Cas.
Cas did, letting his knee touch Dean's a little, silently thrilled at the simple touch. He looked to the sky.
“Ah - there?” the angel whispered, voice thick, hitting the spot and looking at the hunter with the fondest admiration in his eyes.
Dean got the bowtie even and just right, then checked his watch. "Okay, Sam, you're on in 10, okay? Let's run through your vows one more time."
When Dean ran his fingers over the glands again, Cas came, shouting Dean's name, eyes glowing blue in the moment before the garden flooded with the bright white light and gusty storm air that felt so familiar and addictive to Dean at this point.
Dean slowly released his grip and let out a sniffing sound as he turned over. Cas followed suit and mimicked the way the hunter had held him, sliding both his arms around Dean tight. As he let his head fall forward and rest on the hunter's shoulder, he couldn't help but notice how nice Dean smelled. Warm and welcoming, like sunlight and leather and something deep and earthy.
Grace pulsed through his eyes and his hand in a brilliant flash of blue, searing Dean's flesh with the brand of his hand. With that, the scar was back in place, leaving the skin shining and red. It only took a few seconds. Castiel shuddered with a strange pleasure at seeing it back on Dean’s shoulder.
"We are already here and I have nowhere to be. Take what you need. I shall provide it for you eagerly."
A side effect of his new mission was that at night at least, the subject matter seemed to take his mind off the constant tugging ache of Dean’s longing. Not that he didn’t sense it during the day, but at night, when there was nothing to distract either of them from that unique pain - it was overpowering. Not to mention his own, separate longing, too, that exacerbated the depth of the emotion.
Dean thought about it for a few moments. "That works. Alright, partner, close those eyes and open that mouth. I ain't done feeding ya. Remember to feel it."
"Oh, ah, it's… it feels nice," he muttered. He was talking about that low voice as much as he was the food.
Excitedly, Eileen said, "I do," also signing along with her audible declaration, Emily halting her own words with a soft smile.
“Can I - uhhhhhhh, fuck - can I come in your mouth please FUCK, Cas, fuck, God, please,” came the first string of words that made any sense from Dean in an urgent burst of words.
"Okay, bad news. Only one bed," he laughed nervously, urging Cas toward the room door. "What are the odds? The three other rooms are being fumigated...which I'm gonna try not to think about too much. Might not be too much of an upgrade from the gas station after all. You can have the bed. I can sleep on the floor."
"I want you to get on your hands and knees for me now." Cas was firm and direct in his commands, but never unkind. There was always a sweet adoration underlying his voice.
"Spending more time together. And… ah, hugs?" Cas suggested. He was afraid to push too far with these ideas. He knew what he’d like to say, but he wasn’t sure that Dean would be receptive to all his ideas.
“Go a little faster now, sunshine, do this with me.” he paused, gasping. “If I was with you,” Dean panted, “I’d touch your wings.”
“A hundred percent, man,” Dean chuckled. “In fact…I think I oughta show you how much I like it right now, don’t you?”
"Oh, this is a real nice one, Cas," he said, smiling as he admired the soft brown leather and stamped silver embellishments, turning it over in his hands. Cas glowed as he admired the excited smile on Dean’s face. Dean put it on. “What do you think?”
Cas was breathing along with Dean, and every time the hunter said his name he felt a little less inclined to remain a bystander. But he wanted to see how the man pleasured himself. Partly out of genuine curiosity, and partly because he wanted to see this vulnerability in the hunter.
Cas held him all night, smiling softly as he imagined the endless possibilities for their future, and Dean dreamed of the same all night long. Miracle was snuggled in beside them, softly snoring just like Dean. The angel couldn't help but think that this was the happiest middle possible. He was glad they had so many years left of this together. Just living, just being, just in love, and part of a family.
Cas stroked his back softly, probably too tenderly. "No. He doesn't. He doesn't hate you," he reassured in a soft voice.
"No! You save your fucking grace. And stop spending it on dumb shit like pee on my jacket. Dammit, this is my fault."
By the time Dean stretched awake in the morning, Cas had brought coffee and a plate of pastries and scrambled eggs from the continental breakfast back to the room. Dean grumbled some sort of thanks, sipping on the steaming brew.
Another unconventional part of the ceremony was that Jack was the flower kid. Wearing a simple champagne suit and a white flower crown, Jack walked down the aisle sprinkling lovely white petals. Thankfully, no one seemed to comment. Eileen had told people that he was her nephew and that he was just really into botany so there was no better choice. Dean wondered if the people were really that polite or if they just unwittingly succumbed to his divine energy and watched him spread the petals gracefully down the aisle without an errant look because of that. He gently let the petals fall to the ground behind him, decorating the aisle delicately, before standing next to Cas. It probably should have looked silly to have a young adult casually taking the role of flower girl, but it was actually quite wonderful.
A few moments later, Dean quietly murmured, “You probably have a point about the angel stuff though.”
Dean felt the intensity of his blush creep down his neck. His whole face was hot. Mainly because he liked it against all expectations. But this weird thing Cas was doing was surprisingly nice, however much it unsettled him. He felt that he should find it emasculating or too intimate, but instead, he just felt deeply cared for and adored
He said, lapsing into a ridiculous voice. "Wanted to fuck with you guys a little," he said to Cas with a smug grin. He paused to snuggle into Miracle a little before letting him go.
Jack cut in with some emphatic babbling, pulling on the toys that hung from the handle of his carseat.
"Sammy," he said, looking at him with a strange wistful smile. But Sam could see a nervousness hiding behind it.
Vaguely, Dean was aware of the Zepp tape was still going, hearing "Thank You" play as they lay there in the garden.
Once he got their food and his coffee, he put Jack in a high chair in the kitchen. Most of the people went to eat at the big tables in the library, but this was a much cozier, quieter space and Dean for one was grateful.
Dean rolled his eyes and waited to get Eileen's attention. "You wanna stay for dinner? Wednesday is burger night. I'm cooking. Burgers and brews?"
Dean smiled and ignored him, and diligently kept at it with his fingers, checking that he could still get all three in comfortably. "Dean," Cas groaned and jerked at one point.
"You always assume I do things for you. You think I only fight for you, you think I only fell for you. You think I only want to give you… thimbles - for you! You never asked why I offered. You never paused to consider that I also wanted that. I have free will the same as you do! I don't just fall in line for your whims. I am compelled by my own motivations. One of them just happens to be you, you… silly ass!"
Cas was impressed at how intense Dean’s reactions were, and moreover how observing them made him feel. Dean’s eyes squeezed shut and even though he was much quieter than Cas, soft, needy noises came from him more and more often now. Each one of those noises sent a thrill of confidence and pure heat down Cas’s spine.
"This is gonna sound like a cheesy chick flick thing, but… can I kiss you again?" Dean asked as he licked his own lips letting his gaze fall to the angel's.
After a while, Cas whispered to Dean to turn around. The angel scrubbed his back gently, then paused as he felt the tension in every muscle. Cas frowned. He knew human muscles were supposed to be firm but supple, but now Dean's felt like steel. Cas coated his hunter's back gently with the suds, then began to work on the muscles, gently infusing each circle of firm pressure he applied with healing grace.
"Oh geez. We don't normally do gifts, Sammy. Okay," he said, wondering what had gotten into everyone.
Dean crossed his arms and gave a stern look to Cas. The angel was giving him the sweetest, saddest look. For a badass with celestial fire for a heart, he could be a damn softy.
“Do you engage with them both at the same time?” Cas wondered, genuinely curious. She thought how perverse that question would seem coming from anyone else, but it was Cas. She just giggled and blushed.
He turned back to Dean who was still on the floor, looking panicked. He offered his hand to the hunter. "Please, what happened? Are you hurt?"
Castiel thought about it for a moment, then resumed his temperature fluctuations in time with the motions of his hand.
"Oh, Dean. I love you too. I love you more than stars, more than Heaven, more than life," the angel whispered back, closing his eyes as if to draw strength and holding his righteous man tight. He realized then that they both had trapped words, and now, their words were free.
Kevin smiled sheepishly. “I kinda changed it, actually. I was going into pre-doctoral mathematics when we met, but uh… I’m going for anthropology now, specializing in traditions and folklore.”
First came the feet. Huge, three-toed feet - four of them - long yet sturdy looking, yet even as large and foreign as they seemed, they still had a certain opulent appearance like some sort of fine marble sculpture. The legs were also inhuman looking, as they were long and smooth and moved with a certain dexterous quality as they stretched toward the ground.
Sam rolled his eyes. "No, you aren't getting out of this. We already made up our minds. And when Eileen makes up her mind, there's no changing it. So tell Charlie what song you guys wanna have your first dance to," Sam said, scooping Dean into a big hug with a beaming grin.
"Doctor, he is delirious. Is there something you could give to him to relieve his illness? Even if not to cure it completely?"
Dean looked down at his fingers still locked on the button, and then back up at Cas, licking his lips again.
It wasn't long before their chatting ended, and Dean drifted off to sleep in Castiel's arms. Cas liked to put a wing over him as he slept and the warmth and the softness and the smell of Cas – the sweeping summer rains and sharp lightning scent – soothed him into comfort and contented sleep.
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
"Is 'comfortable' a word like 'thimble'? With hidden meanings?" Castiel asked, hoping this wasn't too direct. He really hoped for one specific outcome to this ritual but he didn't want to push Dean and his insistence on intricate rituals made it difficult.
Cas sighed, closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. "Dean, I was simply asking if you wanted me to leave the room, but behaving that way is a good way to get me to go much farther," he snapped. They both knew it wasn't true. Jack was in the other room and Cas would never walk out on him.
He smiled at Cas brilliantly. "Uh …" he started, then pinched his arm to be sure before continuing, which earned him a classic Cas head tilt. "I'm good. I'm great. I'm …  awesome, Cas. I just… I wanted to make sure you were doing awesome too." He said, trying to look the angel in the eye, but his eyes kept wandering to the magnificent black wings Cas had tucked tightly behind his back.
“Don’t say it like that! But...yeah. They’re both….really talented.” She had a misty, far-off look in her eye.
, he thought. But it was not possessive or insistent, instead, it was an expression of wonderment and awe.
But to appease his father and to secure his inheritance, finally Dean Winchester relented. At John's instruction, he courted the young woman and reluctantly proposed marriage to her. He was pleased to set a date two years out - how he convinced her and her father of that he did not truly know. A part of him hoped she was as uninterested in him as he was in her and they might be released from this hellish arrangement altogether.
Still chewing, as he was being chased out of the kitchen he said "Y'know, I'm damn glad you picked up cooking, Betty Crocker, you're really good at this. Nice to have a real Christmas dinner." He smacked his lips and licked his fingers as he swallowed the turkey, staggering as Cas shooed him impatiently.
But Castiel's fingers gently came to his lips to hush him. "It was, wasn't it? Special. Intimate. Not in a traditional sense, but we aren’t very traditional. You don't need to be ashamed. I'm glad you were feeling the same things I was feeling. That means we're very close, don't you think?" Cas's voice was cool and soothing and full of devotion.
"No, Cas. You didn't say anything wrong I just - sometimes I think about how long I fucked around feeling sorry for myself wishing you felt the same while you were just - happy anyway! Just enjoying what little I gave you! And we wasted so much time, years and years - and I was so selfish! And we were so stupid!" He said,
. My vessel's mouth isn't able to comfortably accommodate that. I want to enjoy the food. You should try it sometime," he admonished with a slight grimace.
"It is kind of crazy you were jealous of a monster that was trying to kill me," he yawned, "but don't apologize for being rough. I kinda started it. And it can be nice sometimes," Dean chuckled, pulling Cas close.
The first thing he heard was a repetitive slamming of something plastic followed by smaller tinkling noises.
“You shouldn’t be able to look so cute after torturing an angel,” Eileen said with a look that was half smile half surprise.
“Dean, we should settle down. We can think about this and talk about it,” Cas urged sharply. Rowena nodded in agreement.
Dean grabbed Cas's hand and pulled it up from the seat, setting it on his head. Cas didn't take the hint, so he put the other hand on his head too, gently sucking all the while.
He cupped Dean's face carefully and made sure he was looking into his eyes. He didn't speak until he had Dean's gaze.
Cas sighed and pulled Jack back to the middle of the circle once more. As he stood upright again, he nudged Dean, gesturing to the crystals that were beginning to glow faintly yellow. Jack's eyes flashed a brilliant golden color, then held a steady brightness.
"Yeah, ‘cause I need it. Need you. Please?" The hunter whispered as he placed a slow, tender kiss on the shell of his ear.
"His wings, Sammy! You don't see those huge wings?" Dean said, incredulous, using huge dramatic hand gestures as if it would help Sam.
Dean seemed to contemplate the idea for a few moments before smiling and nodding. Cas tested his forehead against Dean's and they just held each other for a while. Cas put his hand on Dean's chest and felt his heartbeat, letting each thud remind him that Dean was here, he was alive and well.
"Okay, so our safe word is Chewbacca. Wow, that's… you know most people use color systems or food, but this is... totally fine. Chewbacca," Dean muttered, shaking his head a little.
“You’re shy. You’re this big giant fucking celestial being and I’m tiny! Like a little ant in your hand and
"Come, Cas, come," Dean was saying loudly, thanking his lucky stars for all the warding because they definitely put it to the test. Cas made a strangled sound and threw the hat across the room.
Dean looked at him with a sort of curiosity and warmth and took the tape from him, placing it on the bed. Cas noticed the blush on the hunter's cheeks deepen further. It made his freckles stand out like tiny stars sweeping across his red skin.
The hunter thrust up into his lover's hand, still half grasping their cocks together, because the angel had utterly lost any semblance of rhythm. He pressed into the sensitive glands and made circular motions, one, two, three times, firm and slow, then smeared the oils between them again.
Dean gestured at Jack. "Kid and I went on a little hike through the woods - he did this funny thing, like a little light that led me to you. I think it was him anyway."
Dean and Cas are still living their lives and have to spend a few days apart . Dean still can't tell Cas verbally that he loves him, but he finds a way to get his point across that leaves Cas in awe.
again. I'm gonna make it up to you even if you - y'know… you don't wanna be with me. ‘M not like that, ‘m not one of those guys," Dean asserted, shaking his head.
The corners of Dean's mouth twitched downward. "I guess I kinda do think it's fair. I'd rather you be mad at me than know I hurt you and made you freak out."
Cas nodded and trudged off to the kitchen. Dean followed to rifle through the kitchen drawers, looking for something to wrap his hand in, settling on a ziploc bag which he almost duct taped to his arm, but Cas convinced him to just use a rubber band instead.
"What I'm sayin' is that… you've forgiven me for some stupid, awful shit. You were there for me no matter how much I hurt you, lied to you, pissed you off. You've always had my back. I can be here for you. But we gotta stop this. That sort of shit ain't healthy. I'm no relationship expert, but I know that much, man. If we're gonna do this whole 'real relationship' bullshit, this love and forever shit, we can't be sneaking around and doing stupid
It felt like forever in the most gorgeous way, but eventually, the sensation of Dean hitting that delectable bundle of nerves deep inside, and the friction of his cock between their bodies had him panting and moaning. He was getting close. Cas lamented that in a way because he didn’t want this special connection to be over, but he couldn't stop chasing his release.
, this ardent pain in my chest, this desperation and want I can do nothing to alleviate. I find myself wishing more and more as your wedding day approaches that you’d never spoken to me. I cannot live happily knowing she can know you in ways I never will,” Castiel said, his voice tremulous and raw with passionate anger.
and watch him smile and know that they had each other so completely - that was a joy that he never predicted.
"Okay. Last time I'm saying this. Yeah, I cared about her. I cared even more about Ben. It hurt when it was over, when I had to leave 'em, move on," he said, nodding sadly. Then he locked his eyes on Cas's and said "but Cas, I never felt about her or anyone else what I feel for you. I always wanted you."
"Of course! I couldn't miss our first Christmas as a family. Introduce me to everyone," Jack beamed, striding over to the gathering in the library.
Cas had turned away. Sam started to tear into Dean, but the angel didn't hear any of it. His eyes were fixed on Jack.
Dean nodded and turned away from his pile of neatly folded clothes. He felt so small inside, it felt like a monumental task to lift his arm and find the right ratio of hot to cold water for some reason as all the thoughts guilt, and fear ricocheted throughout his head, over and over.
Then the memories flooded back. His eyes shot open. He noticed two things - Cas was not there, and his room was completely orderly, with nothing out of place at all. He threw on his clothes in a rush and came running out of his room, panic gripping his heart. His blood felt ice cold.
Dean sighed. "Ah, yeah. Sammy, don’t take it too hard. It’s just that the bottle was too hot. He was hurt, he got scared. I’m glad you’re both okay, man."
“Well, if you liked that, just watch this,” Dean purred as he pushed Cas back onto the bed and slid his shirt up. He began to nibble and kiss a wet, hot trail down his former angel’s neck and abdomen. He paused to suck dark, lovely marks onto Castiel’s skin, letting them bloom. Cas shuddered and groaned loudly. “Dean,” he breathed.
"And, I would say that perhaps a soul is a nice reward for bending the very constraints of the universe, imposed by a sadistic God so that I could bring forth the most rebellious act of free will in all of existence - loving you,” Cas said casually, cheerfully even, as if he hadn’t just said the most important thing Dean had ever heard.
"I did mention that," he felt he had to point out, "Sam as well. Pushing him with his powers like that was both unkind and stupid."
"Just shut up. Look, I got one of me for him too," he said, pulling out another absurd duck, this one green and wearing sunglasses.
"Why are you doing that? I know how to open the door. I've done it many times," Cas asked, tilting his head.
"Probably not in that car. Two is a squeeze in that rust bucket, three is too many," he said, ending the third attempt at a phone call. "Starting to worry about him."
"I think," Cas growled. "I can make you come again." He nipped at Dean's neck sharply. "What would you think of that?"
As he turned to leave, he hesitated at the door. His hand was on the knob and he knew in his heart that he should simply open the door and walk out. But something was troubling him, and that dangerous curiosity and morbid concern led to his hand freezing on the doorknob as the ring of holy fire raged behind him.
"Don't say that. There's nothing 'dirty' about this. What we do when we’re together is beautiful," Cas replied softly.
"Making love" - those were words he felt sure Cas thought often, but Dean never really thought of what they did together as "making love". It made a part of him cringe inside, but he was tired of that part of him, a part of him that tried to distance himself from what made him genuinely happy. This was also the part of him that always spoke to him in John Winchester's voice and always told him he wasn't man enough.
When the kiss ended breathlessly, Cas pulled him close and whispered "Dean. Take me home now," low and gravelly in his ear.
Sam nodded with a slightly confused look as Rowena began to sweep her hands above Castiel's body and her eyes glowed a brilliant violet hue.
Dean sighed. "No, I feel fine. Do… one of your angel mojo exams on me," he said, adding in a mutter, "I'll even let you take my temperature this time."
“I didn’t grovel,” Dean grumbled. “And I didn’t need your help. We worked it out. I would have called him eventually.”
"Mm, yeah. He always talks to me, just like you said. He reminds me of you, you know. He's good. Love that kid. Our kid." Dean muttered with a half-smile, eyes falling closed against his will.
"You don't have to thank me, Cas. Not for that," Dean said shyly. "Uh, you're sleeping and you're cold. Does that mean you're hungry too?"
"Well, same old Cas, huh? I can't blame you. And, uh… me being a dick to Jack started this whole crazy-ass baby thing too. I'm sorry."
Little Sam seemed unperturbed by the music but did finally stop beating Dean and himself over the head with the balloon to instead grab it and giggle and babble excitedly to Dean at each swell in the sound. Dean smiled at him.
where the hell to take him," Dean grumbled, shrugging Sam's hand away in frustration, "I don't know how to do this! I've never taken anyone on a real date!"
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
"Some lady came up to me and hugged me. She was some wild ass drunk chick. She thought I was someone else. I waited with her til her boyfriend came to pick her up for like three minutes so nothing happened to her."
What he didn't say to Sam is that he felt a deep aching fear the second Cas disappeared. What he didn't say is that he knew he fucked up. He didn't say that he hated Cas leaving, and he was too proud to call him back, and he didn't say that he was going to pretend everything was fine.
“Alright, anyway," Dean said, clearing his throat, "I got Jack some other stuff. A baby swing, a white noise machine, some new toys. Some clothes, some his size now and some he can grow into…" Dean went on to list several other things, seeming to babble.
“Let me do it,” Eileen cut in, “Sam is too rough,” she accused with a playful grin, taking Dean by the hand and urging him along.
Cas spent the next few days flitting in and out of the bunker quietly. He was still avoiding Dean, but feeling hopeful now that he had a plan.
Cas regarded the room for a moment and then awkwardly announced, "good night," with no further explanation and then walked out of the room. Sam and Dean exchanged a shrug.
"Uh…The Rain Song-," then he stopped. He smiled but groaned reluctantly. "Oh, god Sam. No, not… not that … I know what I need to play."
"I didn't. I had a great deal of trouble even locating the blank tape to start with. I had to go to New Jersey."
When Cas saw the door to Jack's room was open, he leaned around the frame. The nephil was sitting on his bed watching something on his laptop while clutching a box of cereal to his chest and thoughtfully chewing, he looked vaguely concerned by whatever was on the screen. He had headphones on and so he did not notice Cas right away. The angel found it completely precious.
Dean frowned and raised his eyebrows. "Drunk. Huh. Cute. The guy's stealing my moves." He kept rinsing Baby without further reaction.
He went out to the garden where Cas was tending to the flowers. Cas gave him a soft smile as he worked. "Hello, Dean," he said. Cas went on to tell him about all the flowers, how they were doing, and their various meanings. After that, Cas rolled up his sleeves and knelt in front of the hive, carefully harvesting the honey. Occasionally he gave Dean some information or anecdote about something with an affectionate smile.
The angel meandered quietly down the hall, again missing the ability to use his wings even in short distances or using his grace to be invisible and silent. His grace was so weak these days, quickly diminishing. He didn't want to trouble the Winchesters with it, although he was sure Dean at least was aware. He had begun giving Cas sharp admonishing looks when he used his grace and refused to be healed, telling Cas to "save his strength" instead. It was awful feeling so powerless.
Dean winked, trying to play it cool. "I told you you'd like the surprise. It pays off to let me take care of you, see?"
They watched the seals silently for several minutes until they all went back into the sea, disappearing below the gentle waves.
"Love? Indeed? But not mated, not bitten. An interesting manifestation of the illness indeed. I fear you will not be able to recover without her presence, at least the smell of her. I believe the exposure to her scent may be enough to relax your agitated nerves."
Cas leaned into the touch, sighing sweetly. "Yes, indeed it was. But why would we have to fight to do that? We can have sex whenever we like."
"Dean and I -" Cas started to say, then Sam held up a hand to stop him and shook his head with a grin.
He leaned up against Castiel, their backs against the bench. Cas cradled Dean in his arms and wrapped his wings around them. "Your wings always make me feel better, Cas. They're like this big, heated blanket that can love you."
He took another bite, watching Cas carefully. Of course he made another noise, more intense than the last, a low rumbling sound. He licked a little of the sticky sweet pie filling off his lips. "Delicious," he breathed, holding Cas's gaze hungrily.
Dean turned around and looked at Cas. “Don’t you apologize, Cas. Don’t you know that Sam here, my sweet baby brother, is our biggest supporter? He says feelings are
With that, Cas fell silent. He tried to ignore the strange pain in his chest and the turning sensation in his stomach when he looked at Dean.
"Okay," he sighed. "There's not much here. I'll tell you what I have and you can try to figure it out from there I guess."
“So Dean,” Sam started after the meal, looking at Dean and sucking his teeth, “What’s got your panties in a twist?”
"It's weird our kid is God. It makes the Dad thing confusing...but still cool as hell. Happy. But I wish Jack could've been a kid, a real kid. Feels weird to be called Dad at all, especially by a guy that looks like he's twenty-something but is actually a baby but is also the one true supreme ruler of the Universe. Feels good. But weird," he mumbled, face half smashed by the pillow and somewhat muffling his words.
She looked at him blankly for a moment, blinking slowly. Then she threw her head back, cackling. "Some things never change. You're still an idiot," she said in an abrupt peal of laughter.
Sam handed him a small package, wrapped in leftover red and black buffalo plaid gift paper from Christmas and with a stick-on bow slapped on top.
He lingered, letting his fingers slide and grip along the angel’s hot, soft skin for a while, but he couldn't resist stroking his wings. These wings were so beautiful, so magical and mysterious. He loved that he was the only one that could see them. It was a secret part of Cas, quite literally, that could only be shared with Dean.
Castiel wished he had his wings. John Winchester did not deserve to be in Heaven, and if he could go to Heaven he would do it in a heartbeat and take him to the rack personally and make him wish he'd stayed in Hell the first time.
Cas slowly released the hand on Dean's mouth so he could bring it low on his hip for leverage, still roughly burying himself in Dean in a way that made Dean want to scream for him. It took a lot of control to keep his sounds to himself, but he was gasping for breath like a fish out of water. It was made more torturous yet by the fact Cas was softly moaning in his ear - purposely -, making sure he knew this was a special rule, some crazy punishment just for Dean.
Immediately, however, music started and Dean took the opportunity to practically yank Cas by the arm outside to the quiet space, which since Charlie was playing Walking on Sunshine, was empty. She may have threatened the crowd a little to ensure they danced to her favorite song.
"I like them," Jack said, his eyes and hands glowing yellow as he laid a hand on the arch of each wing, smiling warmly. In a burst of light, the wings unfurled and spread wide. Each feather was thicker and more intensely colored in deep ebony. The tips of the long primary feathers faded to deep indigo. The iridescence made them shine brilliantly in the light in all colors, reflecting all the colors in the light spectra back out into the world. There were no more damaged spots, no more missing feathers. Cas sighed and his eyes glowed blue with the fully recharged grace Jack restored. The angel stretched his wings wide with a joyful smile. As the glowing holy power faded from their eyes, Cas gripped Jack in the biggest hug.
Two hours later, Eileen and Rowena emerged from the room and made their way into the living space looking tired but largely unbothered. Eileen would feel worse about what they did, but knowing that Abigail wanted to kill or kidnap Jack, a baby - she just couldn’t feel too bad about doing what the boys wouldn’t.
"Oh! I special ordered it a while ago, but I picked it up today. I found an adapter for the car seat since the Impala doesn't have seat belts. So I'm gonna install that later too."
"’Pack and play’, tsk! I still say it's a baby cage," Rowena called, pointing to the pack and play with a scowl. Sam made a dismissive gesture with his hand.
Sam rolled his eyes and turned back to what he was doing. They worked in silence for almost an hour, although Dean was flustered and wasn’t getting much done. He was fidgeting restlessly, clicking his pen furiously.
Cas stared at the lonely “C”. He shook his head, brow furrowed, and looked back to Dean. "What letter? …'N'?"
Dean blinked at him, his brows drawn. He looked like he was about to say something when Jack suddenly squealed loudly for no apparent reason, making the hunter jump a bit.
Cas chuckled, raising a brow again. "I'm curious to know what you read," he said in a challenging tone. If it was in the same book as the Enochian, he somewhat doubted Dean was going to surprise him.
“Dean - I-,” Cas groaned, at once letting his hand drop and leaning forward over Dean so that his chest was pressed to Dean’s back. He pushed in as deep as he possibly could before he came, filling his lover up, gasping and finding himself unable to hold back a sharp nip to his shoulder, which had Dean hissing and groaning at the euphoric mix of pleasure and pain.
But looking at Dean, Cas could see something was wrong. His smile did not  reach his eyes and it felt like his actions had slipped from passionate to mechanical.
Dean smiled, barely visible in the cloud-dulled moonglow. "I know. That's somethin' I like about you. You get me."
Cas finished cleaning off his hand with a smile, tossing the tissues into the small wastebasket near his side of the bed, nodding as he did so.
"I feel so shitty for kicking you out, okay? I don't want you to think you gotta put out or be… with me to come back home, to the bunker. I need you to understand that I'm so fucking sorry, Cas. And I need you to know that you could come back even if we
Jack eagerly took the margarita, excitedly smacking his lips, and took a sip. Nearly instantly, his face crumpled and his lips puckered.
"I want to see you like this more often. Once a year or more so ain't cutting it. I mean, look at you. How am I married to all of this?" Dean said, gesturing to Cas with his arms thrown wide with a joyful expression on his face. The fire in the angel's chest flickered a bit brighter.
"I've never been on a date. I don't know the best way to do it," Cas explained, shrugging slightly. He had opened his book back up.
Cas was unhappy to hear that Sam was not accepting of Jack's need for time, need to grow and be seen and treated as the child he was. Still, he could tell there was something else.
“Like the anti-possession ink. He didn’t like the tattoo so it wouldn’t stay even though he knew it would help,” Dean said, rubbing his face as he pondered the thought.
Letting instinct rule was unfamiliar and a little frightening to him. He found that the concern faded quickly as his tongue explored the delightful warmth of Dean's mouth.  Cas took in his sweet taste with an unflagging enthusiasm until they were both breathless. He mourned the parting as they pulled away.
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
Horror and shame filled him. He released his tight, one-arm grip on the hunter and he scrambled backward in a flurry of motion that sent him sailing over the edge of the bed. His head smacked into the nightstand and his body thumped to the floor. He hissed as he rubbed his head and tried to quietly untangle himself from the sheets and comforter.
Cas chuckled but didn't look less concerned. "It isn't what I was going to say. I just noticed and thought you should know."
Dean chuckled softly. “Yeah. It does hurt, actually. Alright,” he sighed,” Guess this is where I lose the shirt. Damn, this was one of my favorites, too!” he complained as he stripped it off, peeling the sticky fabric away from his ribs with a hiss.
Cas beamed at her. “He is a good baby. Jack – when she smiles at me? Nothing, no- no angelic crusade or victor's bounty... none of that could ever hold a candle to that sweet, gummy smile.”
Cas sighed and pulled Dean close into a hug. "It's embarrassing, certainly. But your brother and Jack care about us. It will be fine," he said.
"Now, I want you to stop talking and just enjoy this. Let me make you feel good, I've missed that," he crooned softly. "Um, partner," Cas added as an afterthought.
"Shh. It's alright. I won't tell Sam, and you know Dean doesn't care," Cas whispered with a chuckle.
, Dean thought. When Cas took control, it somehow made him feel a security. He couldn't explain it. He didn't care to either.
Dean was trying to come up with something, but his mind was drawing a blank. He saw a package of honey buns on the counter - but that wouldn't work, Cas might think it was a pet name. But it did make him think -
"Do you want this?" Castiel asked in a suddenly soft voice, but not relenting his brutal pace or grip, pumping Dean's cock madly. The contrast between the angel's harsh, uninhibited actions and the insecurity in his voice had Dean panting and helpless.
"No, I'm not afraid of you!" Dean said, scrambling to soothe the angel, "It's a normal - well... a kinda normal - mostly normal thing. Mostly normal. It can be good for you too - that way I can yell and make all sorts of sounds and you know you don't have to stop as long as it's not that one word," he said with an eyebrow wiggle.
Dean was stunned for a moment. He breathed slowly while he took that in. It hit a little too close to home and it hurt. "If you know my biggest fear is you leaving, then why would you go? Why would you do that?"
"Uhhhh. Yeah, he's pretty good lookin'," Dean said with a bashful grin, awkwardly gripping the back of his neck.
Cas shrugged and took a bright green sphere from the box. "Frooty Bites," he muttered, placing it in his mouth with a curious expression, contemplating it. He couldn't taste it, but Jack adored foods, particularly sweet or rich ones. He nodded. "I can certainly smell the flavoring."
After almost an hour, the bunker door creaked open. Sam walked through the door grimacing. The source of his displeasure was immediately evident as a woman dressed in grey with icy blue eyes, long blonde hair, and a thin, unkind mouth pushed him to the edge of the balcony while holding an angel blade to his throat.
But in all his repeated imaginings of this moment - Cas had never expected the softness Dean was showing him.
"Hearing my voice and seeing my true form are very different things," Cas whispered, "besides, you would
Dean's phone rang. He glanced in the passenger's seat of the Impala. It was Sam again. He wasn't in the mood to get chewed out. He let it ring for the third time so his brother could leave another voicemail. The trouble was, he didn't know what he would say to Sam even if he did pick up, because he didn't know where he was going. He didn't even know where to start, honestly - all he knew was that Cas was off doing miracles and shit as a free agent of heavenly work - that was all. But he couldn't wait around in the bunker for another second. This was ripping him apart. He was sure something was wrong. Even when Cas had been pissed at him, he'd answered the phone or acknowledged the prayer within a few days. It had been nine days, and he hadn't heard anything since the moment Cas left. If Sam actually thought he was going to sit quietly and twiddle his damned thumbs, then he was truly clueless.
"Your self-flagellation. I am well aware that you made a mistake. You wronged me. I know. I know that's not the only mistake you've made," Cas said, finally facing Dean fully.
Cas walked off to shower, dazed. He found his thoughts kept zeroing in on how surprisingly warm Dean's hands had been. Cas blushed under the showerhead and was thankful he could blame the flush on the blessedly hot water.
"I thought we were going to talk to each other before we did anything stupid," the angel said, but the vexation he'd had earlier seemed to melt away. Dean wasn't actually sure what emotion Cas was displaying now.
"Please, Dean, faster, please," Cas pleaded. Dean picked up the pace just a bit and added a twisting motion to the leisurely strokes he had been giving Cas' cock.
ending every other week anymore would be this scary," Dean chuckled, closing his eyes as feathers tickled his cheek.
This made the three men laugh. There was a sadness underneath it, though. It felt that as Kelly had said, Jack had to grow up fast.
Cas pulled away and admired his handiwork for a moment. "That should trouble me, seeing that I've hurt you," he said, softly touching the mark.
It was sort of melancholy, and it was missing the dramatic, forceful instrumental that swept you up into it. The singer was all… vulnerable and soft. But it wasn't too bad, he decided.
"No, no, no!" he cried, gripping the cool metal pendant, feeling the lifeline to his sense of hope snap loose.
"I suppose," he said, stooping to look at Miracle. From his trench coat pocket, he brought out a green rubber toy bone. "Miracle, I'd like to request privacy with my partner. If I give you this, can you entertain yourself for a time? I give you my word that we'll let you in after."
"Sammy may stay, but all others must take leave if I am to speak with you on these personal matters. Sam, the staff too."
“Don’t you get it?” Eileen said, frustrated, “Jack is fine the way he is! They’re just afraid of change,” she sighed. Sam couldn’t help but feel her exhaustion was especially pointed at him.
"So what you're saying is that you went all Jean Gray X-angel this whole time - this whole time, all these years, you knew and you didn't say anything?" Dean accused, crossing his arms.
He wanted to shoot down the idea, but those damned puppy dog eyes got him. He wondered why the hell he had so many people with convincing puppy dog eyes around him. He made a mental note to surround himself with less adorable people.
Cas was fascinated by this. He'd been enjoying the things they'd been doing so much it hadn't occurred to him there were still new ways to experience sex with Dean. He was struggling to stay in the frame of mind the hunter needed him to have - commanding, strong, rough - because he was thinking of all the other ways he could make love to his hunter. But seeing him so lovely before him on all fours, waiting for him, got his attention back to where it should be.
Cas smiled back. He was still shell-shocked about the revelation Dean cared for him and the kiss.  He had questions, things he wanted to say, but the words just slipped away. He stood in awe, watching this man smile and care for Jack. There was something special and heartwarming about watching them together.
"You're not fine. Let's eat. Take your time. I can fix this," he muttered, stabbing his fork into his steak a little too hard.
"Cas, I'm saying I can't always get hard," he finally grated out. "Cock is totally hit or miss. No matter how bad I want it."
The hunters and Jack all finished their plates and talked through the evening. Later, Cas cleared the table - he used his grace, because he'd done most of the hard work the human way and he was tired of.
As if on cue, Charlie, assisted by Emily, began her spirited announcement about the quiet space outside the venue and to prepare for some loud tunes. Guests were instructed to whirl their white cloth napkins around rather than tapping their glass to get the couple to kiss, which of course they did immediately. Earplugs were also available in a dispenser by the bathrooms for hearing folks if the sound was too much.
Dean bucked into his angel once more, staying deep inside him as he groaned with his release. Cas was still glowing but the holy light was slowly receding, leaving him panting and watching with ardor in his eyes as his righteous man spasmed below him. The angel rocked sweetly for Dean to carry him through, sighing tenderly.
"Yes. A little," Cas said wryly, "a side effect of joining your soul and my grace, I believe. You erased my doubt. It makes it hard to feel jealousy."
The prophet cleared his throat and remembered Dean’s question. “Well, yes and no,” he sighed. “Not until you called me. It jogged my memory on something weird I found in Metatron's annotations.”
Dean meets with an old friend for his favor. Dean gives Sam some brotherly hell after they have a successful hunt. Dean and Cas have a tender moment of real emotional vulnerability and overcoming old (emotional) demons for Dean, born out of a disagreement about the appropriateness of eating in bed. Dean and Cas have a special moment in the garden. Dean asks to see Castiel's true form. Dean tells Sam a secret. The author is still bad at summaries, which is why they have to copy and paste in the main summary because they literally have never said anything interesting in the summary and should probably give it up. It's not required, after all.
The angel carefully set Jack down in the pack and play for the first time in a couple hours. He handed a soft toy bear to him and backed away.
"Oh, hmm," Cas murmured as if he found it passively interesting, suddenly picking at a loose thread in the comforter.
Dean knew he knew the answer to that. He nodded slowly. Cas thrust punishingly into him once more, pulling another sound from the hunter, muffled again by the firm clasp of Castiel's hand.
Cas let out a soft chuckle. “Dean, it’s ok. Someday you will say it. I can wait as long as you need. I love you too. And I will say that as many times as I can.”
Dean, however did not wish to marry whatsoever, preferring instead to keep the discreet company of omegas. Discreet because he could pay them handsomely and command them to keep quiet about his comings and goings and they would tell not a soul. The elder Winchester preferred the company and those he could count on to follow his lead loyally - not the snide and gossiping people of the tier of society he felt cursed to live in. He preferred a partner who did not expect him to always do what is prudent rather than what is enjoyable or kind. He preferred someone with good manners, regardless of class or family status.
Dean began to fixate on making the experience perfect. He made sure they had plenty of lube and set out some washcloths and things, even though he knew Cas would mojo them clean. He wanted to put the effort forth at least. At one point he thought about music, but he decided that was just a bridge too far and nixed it. He did grab some other things from the bunker and bring them into his room, just in case.
This chapter starts with LIGHT ANGST but as always, this is a HAPPY PLACE. They make up before the end of the chapter.
The closest description to what happened after that is to say Dean malfunctioned. He opened his mouth several times and uttered small stutters of words in a near whisper. He knew, of course. Without saying those three little words, they had essentially told each other last night that they loved each other. But hearing it confirmed, aloud… he felt fear and joy surge through his veins. His eyes went wide and he became pale. Then a single tear went down his cheek. He was elated, and yet, fear surged through his veins, leaving him feeling cold and small. Dean could face any monster in the world, death, or even an apocalypse without issue, but three little words could tear down his world.
"Okay. It says… 'The spawn of a celestial angel's power and Grace will take root in a human woman. The nephil will be born unto the mortal plane and it will bring about the end of suffering'. So that's good. Then, something-something... 'afterlife.'... Can't make out that word… 'from the World and the nephil is made, it shall cast away its powers and Death’ - like big D Death, you know - Billie, - ‘will reign over Heaven and Hell', uh, so that doesn't sound awesome… then it says 'give the souls who come and go now two choices - to go...' and it cuts off there again, stupid rounded edges ... 'if their goals and deeds have been pure in life, or if sinful the -' and that's it. That's where it cuts off."
to be sorry. I was trying to explain why you should be happy. What did I say that upset you? I was trying to express my gratitude and joy. I thought it would make you happy."
Cas suddenly released him and looked serious, shifting on his feet. "Dean, I should tell you. I have a soul," he bluntly stated. Cas didn't tend to beat around the bush.
Dean just looked at Castiel with a dramatic shrug. Sam looked like a deer caught in the headlights and stayed silent, glancing slowly between the two.
Cas looked up at him. “I’m well aware of what you can and cannot do. I’d simply like to do this for you. Will you let me?”
Cas just gave a half-hearted shrug, feeling a bit embarrassed. "Well... with more practice... I'm optimistic I can control my reaction." Dean arched an eyebrow, looking up at Cas as he slowly stroked the feathers. "Hmm, you want to practice? How many times should we practice? How often do you think you need to practice to
Dean didn't care about the names of flowers. He thought they were pretty enough, but botanical knowledge wasn't that captivating. Still, Cas made him learn a little anyway. He supposed it was payback for all the subpar movies he made Cas watch. He walked around the perimeter of the garden, stretching and enjoying the sunshine despite the chilled air as Castiel spoke quietly to him about the creation of flowers and various meanings and symbolism they've held to humans throughout time. Even though the subject matter itself would bore him, hearing Cas telling him something he was passionate about always warmed his heart.
The crib was dark wood and the striped fitted sheet was white with rainbow stripes. Jack snoozed with soft breaths in a little yellow bunting embroidered with dandelions. His wispy blonde hair was getting long in front and swooped over his forehead. His little lip quivered and he had a soft scowl in reaction to the light. Soft music was playing - the Beatles. There was a small dresser and a few toys. An old swivel rocker sat in the corner near the door. The back was draped with a soft green baby blanket and a clean burp cloth was ready on the arm of the chair. Little star stickers were on the walls and ceiling.
