Sherlock stood up abruptly and shoved Mycroft hard, hoping he would maybe fall down on his bum and break something, “HE WHAT!” He screamed. He wasn’t very happy considering this happened a week ago and they were just now telling him...
John cleared his throat. But Jesus Christ she was beautiful... and again that didn’t make sense to him at all! Not to say that gay men couldn’t admire the beauty of other people besides men, but... he sort of wanted her and he was pretty sure that that was not a thing gay men did not want. Actually, no. It
Sherlock grinned. “Brilliant!” He felt strangely excited about the whole thing, but maybe it was because if John was living with him he would never have to say goodbye to John and John made him happy, so therefore, he would always be happy.
John flinched a little. “No, Sherlock really it’s the truth… just please take the bed.” He whispered weakly.
im 20. and american. could you tell? *FUTURE ME. bitch i was 19 quit your lying to people. Jesususuusus*
As soon as John walked through the door, Claire ran over and wrapped her arms around him tightly. She sobbed into his neck and apologised over and over again. John assured her it was okay, but his voice was numb and filled with pain. It was clear he was going to need some time to recover and get over this, but Claire had no doubt in her mind that they would figure it out together. She pulled away from John and smiled tightly, “I’ll leave you two alone... I’ll come collect my stuff tomorrow.” She said quietly.
“And yet it’s only been a day... might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” The strange man cocked his head to the side.
“Father! It’s nothing. Sherlock was just staying the night… he had nowhere to sleep so we shared a bed.” John started to panic. He could tell his father had been drinking and he didn’t want Sherlock to see the inevitable outcome.
Finally, he could see then car and he whimpered with joy as he swam faster. Really, in all honesty, this was rather stupid because he didn’t even know if John was in the car! He just saw his dad... But if John was in there he would be in the back seat because he didn’t see anyone in the front when his father almost ran him over. Sherlock got to the back door of the car and his lungs were screaming at him... He needed air and he didn’t have much longer, but all he had to do was break the window and they would be fine. They both would. Sherlock tried to open the door so he didn’t have to use his rock, but he knew how idiotic that was because of the pressure underwater. He knew the door wouldn’t budge so he didn’t know why he tried it in the first place.
Sherlock snickered some and squeezed John’s hand, “since when have I ever gone about doing anything the proper way?”
Like he said before, this time he really was done with Sherlock. If Sherlock decided to call him, he would listen, but it would take a lot for him to go back. It was Sherlock's move now and John was certain he wasn’t going to try and mend this. In a way, John was rather hoping he didn’t try.
“Oh? And how would we do that?” Sherlock still hadn’t told John about Brian’s feelings, but he didn’t think it mattered. They were all friends now and Sherlock trusted Brian when he said he wasn’t ever going to act on those feelings. So he didn’t think he should tell John, it would only make him jealous anyway and that was an experience that he didn’t really want to repeat.
the locket and then you can have something of mine to wear... I wear your dog tags every day and I never take them off, well I do to shower, but only because I don’t want them to rust. You can have my hair around your neck in a locket and you’ll be wearing a piece of me like I do with you. Like I said no one will know what’s inside except for you and I...” He smiled some and started to put on his shoes.
John sighed, “I suppose so... Where are we going anyway?” He wished he could see, but the stupid bag was over his head. They were also driving at an incredibly fast pace and John wasn’t seat belted, though on further reflection he supposed that didn’t matter either because he was going to die anyway.
“He’s like a really dry pie… You first meet him and you try and dig passed his layer of crust, but underneath that crust is just more crust! Nobody likes a dry pie, but you know what some people really, really like pie.. So you dig passed that first layer of crust to get to more crust. Then you keep digging through the crust only to discover you have hit more crust and you keep hitting crust for about twelve layers of crust and just when you think that this pie doesn’t have any filling you break the crust and the rich, warm apple filling is just within your reach…
John blinked trying to wrap his brain around it then it suddenly came to a halt and his eyes widened. “Wait… You almost got raped?” He whimpered quietly. God, this was all his fault. He was the one who found Lestrade and came back, Sherlock had no business being anywhere near the man.
Sherlock sighed, but nodded because he knew if he were to tell John what awaited downstairs, he wouldn’t come. “Alright, come on.”
also if you read Tulips then you will know that i lied to you all... i said the new chapter for this would be up within yesterday and i failed you all, but hey! i'm only a day late.
Irene sighed and leaned up against the frame of the photo booth. She looked back and forth between John and Sherlock, waiting for someone to talk.
It had been a week and John hadn’t heard a single thing from Sherlock. He wanted to reach out so many times, he wanted to go crawling back to him and say he was sorry, but he knew that it would never work. He knew that what they currently had was unhealthy and John hadn’t been happy. He wanted to crawl back to what they had before Sherlock had left, but that had long since passed, hadn’t it? Things were different now and there was no changing that.
“Sherlock, please just tell me,” John gave him the puppy dog eyes and Sherlock thought he looked adorable, once again.
“Oi! I know how to fly it perfectly!” He grumbled. “Sometimes the TARDIS knows that someone needs help and she takes me there, despite where I want to go.”
“Umm, well because they die in bed together and they are really old so its happy because they lived a long life and died of old age together, but depressing because they died…” He smiled a bit and squeezed Sherlock's hand.
Claire swallowed. "John.... I'm just saying you might feel better." She had a feeling she shouldn’t have done this at work, but she thought maybe in a public setting John's reaction wouldn’t be as bad. Clearly she was wrong.
John pursed his lips, “well then, I’ll die a rich, successful man.” He rolled his eyes. “Come on! Get on with it!” He was angry and he knew that this was something he needed to do... it was better to do it now when he was angry, than to do it when he was not. Mike just stood there are John growled more, “GET ON WITH IT!!!!” He screamed and then the sound of a gunshot filled the air. John stumbled back on the impact and frowned a bit. He looked down at his shoulder and blinked as he watched the blood pour out of his body. Strange... it didn’t hurt at- “MOTHER OF FUCKING GOD YOU SHOT ME IN THE FUCKING SHOULDER!!” ah, there it was. He screamed out in pain as he collapsed to the ground.
The doctor sighed and shook his head. “I’m sorry, but we have to do it now... you may take a moment to say your goodbyes...”
See it's slowly getting better (((; until it gets worse.... what! who said that! AHHHH I HAVE TO LEAVE IN EXACTLY ONE MINUTE SO I WILL COME BACK TO THIS!!!! (:
John sighed and then smiled softly as he started moving again. It was rather challenging because he couldn’t move his upper body. Sherlock had him pulled as close as possible... and his hands were in Sherlock's hair, but he wasn’t moving those either... so he just bit his lip and pressed their foreheads together. He started moving his hips again and soon he found a rhythm that was easy to move.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he ran to catch John, “John!! What’s wrong?” He picked up John and slowly laid him down onto the bed. He may not have looked very strong, but he could definitely lift John when he wanted to. He sat next to John and ran a hand over John’s forehead.
He sighed heavily, now he remembered why he had left and never looked back, “Alright. Have a good day, mum. I’ll call you later.” He wouldn’t. She knew he wouldn’t. It was just something to say.
Sherlock's muscles clenched around John and he lost it. He choked Sherlock's name as he came deep inside of him, well deep inside the condom. He kept moving back and forth riding out his orgasm until he collapsed on top of Sherlock and drew in gulps of breath because he felt like he had just run a marathon, or maybe five marathons, but it was all worth it. Sherlock was worth it.
You have another thing coming! I could leave him anytime I wanted to and I would be fine! He isn’t the same, he’s just a fucking arsehole now. Yes, Sherlock controlled my life when we were younger, but that is no longer the case.” He hissed. He honestly didn’t even think he was going to go back to Sherlock once he gave him the letters.
Mycroft opened the door and blinked a bit, “John..? You– You’re in your pants...” Thank god it was still Mycroft who lived here. A random stranger answering the door to a John in his pants would most not be good. He would probably end up in jail for the night for sexual harassment or some shite.
John swallowed and shut his mouth with a snap. He looked over at Sherlock, who in fact was awake, and was watching the encounter with wide eyes.
John had no idea where to go. He could go back to his home because his dad wasn’t there anymore, but he really didn’t want to see his mother. He felt awful and he tried so hard to control his anger, but sometimes he just blew up. He could be a hot head sometimes and that was always a bit of a problem… Perhaps he needed counselling or something because lately it seemed to be getting less controllable. He groaned as it started to rain because he was wearing a nice suit and he had nothing else to change into. It was also getting late and he felt like he had been walking for hours. He walked aimlessly around some more until he ended up at school. He blinked and then figured it was better than nothing… He tried the front doors and side doors, but of course since it was a weekend and it was late, they weren’t going to be opened. He went to the gym and tried that door and was surprised to find that it was unlocked. He quickly ran in and closed the door behind him.
day.’ WOULD HAVE BEEN VERY MUCH APPRECIATED!” He winched as pain shot through him, but he continued to ignore it.
Also I'm sorry there were no warnings.. I didn't want you to know how it was going to end before you even started to read it... And when I first started I didn't know how it was going to end either... Anyway. I hoped you enjoyed it nonetheless.
“The rules were wrong mother! I was right! I’m always right! And it was the only explanation.” He grumbled bitterly, a slight whine dripping into his voice.
Mycroft sighed because he couldn’t afford to fly every wounded soldier home! People went out there knowing what could happen and yes some were worse than others and needed to be brought home, but an emergency landing? Really? Besides the fact they had hospitals over there, they could easily get the treatment in Afghanistan before returning home to further their treatment, “what’s the injury then?”
“I didn’t randomly leave, John!! I had a case!” He huffed and rolled his eyes, clearly annoyed at John for being too stupid to work that out.
John screamed, ignoring the pain in his stomach and throat, "I DONT WANT YOUR BLOODY HELP!! Jesus! Can you not wrap your thick brain around that?? Do you have any idea how hard it is? What I'm going through? What I see every night? How much I want to die?" He hissed. "No, because you're selfish and all you're trying to do is keep me here! Well fine. Keep your bloody eye on me. Stay at my flat. Put me on a lead and pull me around, but we are
He nodded slowly and then sighed, “if he hasn’t already left me behind yet.” He grumbled, but then kissed her head before running out of the room. He would go back and get monopoly later, but for right now he needed to find Sherlock because Lily was right this was never going to work if they didn’t talk. And right now John already knew too much to let it sit for any longer.
Sherlock smiled a little and was quiet for a minute. “Does this mean – does this mean we are friends?” He smiled more.
John laughed and shook his head as he stepped forward, "Surprised you didn't catch on sooner. I took you to be a genius, Sherlock Holmes. Though, I guess in all fairness you were never once able to solve my crimes so it only made sense that you weren't able to solve this one either." He huffed.
Most of his days he just sat in Sherlock's chair, curled up in Sherlock's coat. Everything hurt and he felt like he was drowning and then one day... it became all too much and he caved. He stood up from where he was sitting – where he always sat – and went to the cupboard. He got down the whisky and poured himself a glass and then just stared at it. He hadn’t done it yet, there was still time to change his mind. But he knew he wasn’t strong enough, that this was going to happen eventually so why not just get a head start?
John flinches at Sherlock's words and swallows hard, “Sherlock... I said I don't want to talk about it... it was a mistake...”
“Umm... alright... I’ll be waiting...” He blinked and hung up the phone, going back to John and helping out as best as he could.
Zack swallowed hard as he looked at the John. There were tears all over his face and he looked completely distressed. “John what is it? What’s happened...?” He honestly couldn’t remember a time when he had seen John like this, perhaps he never had in all honesty. Hell, even when those four rugby boys beat him up he didn’t look like this.
The played for hours and eventually Lily lost all of her money – she would never tell her boys this, but it was most definitely deliberate. She much preferred to just watch the two of them play, they got more into it than she ever could. “I’m winning, Sherlock!! There’s no way you can catch up to me.” John laughed manically, “Might as well give up now because you have lost.” He sung as he held the dice in his hand, it wasn’t his turn, but he did love to tease Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded slowly and wiped the tears off that had fallen on his cheeks. “I’m sorry... I’m not usually this emotional...”
Sherlock sighed because there was no point in arguing with John. “Alright. But, you’ll have to put this on…” He handed John an expensive, beautiful looking suit. John had a suspect feeling that it was even more than the suits Sherlock normally wore. He didn’t comment on John’s feather comment because he knew John was joking and he wasn’t in the mood to joke.
John was silent as he walked into the familiar place. He took a deep breath and then looked at her, “Do you still have it..?” He asked quietly.
make me say it again.” He snapped back, yes, anger was good. Anger was something he could work with. It was better than feeling nothing.
Sherlock closed his eyes, but let John go. He knew John needed air and time to get through this and the fact that John was wearing the locket Sherlock gave back to him was a sign of hope, and Sherlock wasn’t about to let that go.
John screamed and then lunged for her, taking her hand and then dragging her to the front door, “I DO NOT WANT TO FUCK YOU AND I DON’T WANT TO SLEEP WITH YOU NOW GET THE FUCK OUT!” He heaved and tried to unlock the door, but he was shaking so much he couldn’t manage to get it unlocked and that just made him shake even more.
John hissed and stood up, he needed space between him and her and he was so bloody angry that she came and ruined his moment with Sherlock. “Why? So I don’t fucking kill myself? Relax. If I’m going to kill myself I’m going to make sure you won’t find me until it’s too late. Unlike last time.” He snapped. And no he wasn’t planning on killing himself – even though some days he really wanted to. He just wanted her to back off. He wanted space and quietness... he wanted to become an empty shell that didn’t feel anything.
Sherlock immediately pressed into the hug and nuzzled his face into John’s chest, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner, I’m sorry I put you through so much hell after you came back. I’m sorry for everything. I love you so much. Please don’t leave me. I can live with a lot of things, John, but I can’t live with that. Please stay.
“What’s stupid? WHAT’S STUPID?!” John came to an abrupt halt and cut Sherlock off so he couldn’t move anymore. “I left my house, Sherlock! I am now homeless! I don’t have anywhere to go and you are asking me what’s stupid?!” he growled, he couldn’t believe this guy. Supposedly, he was the most brilliant kid in the whole school, but John was starting to doubt that right now. ‘What’s stupid’ are you even kidding me?
"Cases are my life, John! You don't have to come if you don't want to, but don't try to force me into something that I don't want to do!" He growled and then stormed out of the flat.
"I had to get out." He stated simply. "Sherlock was being annoying." He huffed, though there was no power behind it.
John stood there, glaring at Sherlock for a few seconds before turning around and storming out of the flat. He couldn’t stand to be with that
John felt stupid as he continued to draw his dragon, especially after he just told Sherlock that he knew how to do it.  He flipped his paper over to the front and stared at question one. The question just seemed to blend together and make no sense at all. After staring blankly at his paper for an interminable amount of time, he looked at Sherlock, then to his paper, then back to Sherlock again where he was about to open his mouth to speak, but then his stubbornness reared its head and he resolutely did not turn to Sherlock for help. He transfixed his stare right back to the bastard of a conundrum that was his worksheet.
"John. You have until the count of three. One..." She kept narrowing her eyes and held up one finger.
It was way too fast! Granted, John did do it gently, but he didn’t do it slowly. Sherlock winced, “John! Slower please!!”
“Sherlock?? Oh god! You’re okay!” John said in relief. “I’m coming in, okay? I know you’re at Barts, you bloody twat, I had Mycroft chip your phone when you gave it to him,” and Sherlock could practically hear the smirk that was spreading John's face.
Sherlock blinked slightly and furrowed his brow, what did that have to do with anything? “Am I not allowed to sit on the couch?”
“Yes, nightstand… I didn’t know when the time would come, but I bought some because I wanted to be prepared.” He whispered as he watched John reach over to open the drawer and rummage around until he grabbed the items needed.
Sherlock swallowed and let go him, his hands were shaking and his whole body was jittery. He shoved his shaking hands in his pockets, even though his right hand was dripping blood, and walked away to go find some money. He wasn’t an addict – he wasn’t! He was just dealing with John's death in a different way than most people would...
John smiled brightly. This job was amazing! One thing about John was that he didn’t kill random people no matter how bored he was and one thing that bugged him about Jim Moriarty was that he killed people just for the hell of it! John knew what he did was wrong, but at least he had a motive, a reason behind everything! He had wanted to get his hands on Sherlock for a while now, but no one had asked him to... no one until now that is. “I’ll do it. How much are you going to give me?”
He hummed and leaned forward to kiss her cheek, honestly he hadn’t felt this happy in years, “Thank you, Love, but you are also wrong. Sherlock found his John, as you so wonderfully put it, now you just have to find yours.”
John smiled softly and set the phone down. Two weeks and then he would get to see Sherlock again, he didn’t care that Sherlock had never written him back because he actually had a reasonable excuse… unless this was just another one of his manipulation tactics, but John couldn’t think like that. He trusted Sherlock too much and after five long years of waiting – well, four and a half – and not being able to see him, everything was going to be just fine... or so he thought.
Well this one is a hella long chapter and i have taken up to writing them on my phone while i'm on break at walmart omfg!! XD I hate writing them on my phone because then i have to email them to myself and edit them on the computer, but hey! If it gets the job done right?
the British Government and Mycroft would always scoff and roll his eyes, but on the inside his heart swelled with pride for himself. At least this way he was able to watch Sherlock and spy on him and though he knew of Sherlock's activities, Sherlock wasn’t in immediate danger so he just let it slide.
John growled and then slammed his head against the wall and stood up, “A bit feisty are we?” He hissed as Mike handed him a handkerchief. He brought it up to his face and wiped the spit off.
Sherlock didn’t even acknowledge the fact that Mycroft left. He just stared at John and rubbed John's hand as his mind started to drift again.
John's face softened, “No, you aren’t alright. It’s not about how far he got… It’s about the fact that he touched you inappropriately without consent… I can't exactly move, but I want you to come here.” He whispered softly.
“Oh! Don’t even worry about it! We’ve got all sorts ‘round here and Mrs. Turner next door’s got married ones!” She hummed happily.
“It is when I can't do anything about it!” She sighed dramatically. “However, I do want to meet this perfect man of yours.” She paused and then looked at the time. “You’ve been here for a while. I think it’s time for you to go find him.”
John chuckled softly, “So impatient.” He smirked and then bent down and started mouthing at Sherlock half hard, clothed prick.
After that Sherlock and John never crossed paths again. Sherlock never saw the TARDIS again and he never saw John, and even though it hurt Sherlock it was all fine.
“It was Sherlock! Sherlock Holmes! He shot James and he claimed it was a suicide! I know for a fact that he wouldn’t kill himself! He wouldn’t do it no matter what it meant! I believe that Sherlock killed him and then framed it on James as a suicide! So now you are going to kill Sherlock.”
Sigar sighed and shook his head, “Despite what people think I do have some form of respect. I knew that you would hurt with him not writing you back and I knew each letter would become more and more personal. That’s private... so, no, I didn’t read them.”
"All those girls are always hovering around you in school and I just have to sit back and watch while they flirt and practically throw themselves at you!" He sniffled and looked up at John. It hurt, but he didn't tell John that.
Sherlock walked into the kitchen and started to make himself some tea. He poured it in a cup and then sat down at the table and sipped on it as he stared at the wall. After a moment of getting lost in thoughts, he looked up and Brian was coming into the room humming softly.
John scrolled up and read all of the messages that had been sent to him. Sherlock hadn’t deleted any of them and by the end of reading them all John had to run to the bathroom and throw up. Why did Sherlock think keeping this from him was a good idea, why couldn’t the insufferable git talk to him for once? He whimpered and flushed the toilet, leaning against the wall for a second before standing up and leaving the bathroom. Once he walked back out to the bedroom he took a breath and looked at Sherlock's sleeping form, he thought about waking him but shook his head and then went to the kitchen. He called Garrett and Mycroft, explaining to them what was happening, and then walked back into the bedroom and started to pack.
John felt tears prick his eyes and he swallowed down a lump, for some reason Sherlock agreeing to tell him didn’t make him feel any better. He supposed that was because when he came back from Scotland it became about so much more than just the secrets. Sherlock had cheated on him, twice. And he understood the first time, he really did, but the fact he didn’t even wait five minutes? He knew people coped differently and that Sherlock was never one to do things the way others did them, but he felt betrayed. “I don’t…” He took a breath to steady his voice because it had cracked, “I don’t know if I can. I thought I could, I thought that’s all I wanted to hear, but now I’ve heard it and I’m still…” he trailed off and shook his head, “you hurt me, Sherlock. You hurt me more than I’ve ever been hurt before and you continue to hurt me and I keep coming back like a fucking addict because I can’t get enough of you, but there comes a point in the addict’s life that he realizes he needs to stop or he’s going to die.”  Obviously, John couldn’t really die by heartbreak. But he could die from depression, he could die from alcoholism, he could die from a lot of things. All of which wouldn’t be a problem if Sherlock wasn’t around.
The man laughed, “So glad you can still recognise your own father from the sound of his voice!” He grinned and then threw John, rather harshly, into the back seat. He slammed the door and then walked around the car to get in on the driver’s side.
John dropped the mask because he knew that this man already knew his secret, “Oh and I’m guessing that you looked me up and realised that there are no records of me ever being in the military.”
Sherlock groaned and then threw his head back into the pillows. He honestly hated hospitals, always had.
The Doctor blinked more. “What.. Dragon’s...? There is no such thing as dragon’s… on earth anyway..”
Lily smiled brightly at her two boys, but then her smile quickly faded when she got a look at their faces, “Well, then... have a bit of a row, did we?”
John frowned a bit and stopped kissing his neck, but didn’t pull away. “Why..? We haven’t had sex in years and Brian isn’t home right now... I want you...” He swallowed, because it was Sherlock, but also because he hadn’t had sex in years and he was a horny young adult dammit.
Claire smiled softly and ruffled his hair, “Haven’t seen you here in a long time. You’re sort of a hermit these days.” She chuckled some and then pulled her hand away, “Can I get you a pint?”
Eventually, Sherlock came down the stairs all dressed and ready to go. He always dressed in slacks and a button down shirt. Sometimes he wore a vest over it and sometimes he didn’t. It just depended on his mood John supposed, but he looked posh as hell nonetheless. Most of the kids made fun of him for it, but John thought that if he dressed any less he wouldn’t be Sherlock really. He knew that that was a silly thought because clothes definitely didn’t make the person, but he couldn’t help but think it. John finished his horrendous oatmeal and then said goodbye to Cakeman. He smiled and walked out the door with Sherlock.
Breathing was most definitely not boring and the fact that he ever had that thought in his whole entire life was the dumbest thought he had ever had. His whole body was aching and his throat hurt, but he was still holding John and he wasn’t going to let him go. He flipped on his back and rested John's back on his stomach so that his head resting against Sherlock's shoulder, this way it was out of the water as he swam to shore.
His father just grinned brightly and looked Sherlock right in the eyes, “John is dead, Sherlock. He went on this mission and there was an explosion. His body didn’t even survive the explosion and he exploded into little bits all over the ground.” He sung happily, it made Sherlock sick. “John’s dead, and he’s never coming back. So enjoy that letter because it was the last.” And with that he got up, “Happy nineteenth birthday, son.” He grinned a toothy grin as he left the house.
AND I AM JOHN AND LOVE PRIMARK AND BOOSTS MORE THAN LIFE! BUT IT USED TO BE CRUNCHIES AND I ACTUALLY HAVE ONLY EVER BEEN TO PRIMARK ONCE, BUT LETS JUST SAY I TOOK HOME FIFTY CRUNCHIES.... why am I still screaming...
“They wanted to turn my home into a museum..” He blinked rapidly and then grinned. “Woah… That’s amazing!”
“Oh, come now!!! It isn’t that bad! You get to lay in bed and get free food! It’s soooooo good!!” He snickered and picked up a spoonful of jelly. “Here! Try some before I eat it all!” He grinned and put the spoon in front of Sherlock's lips.
“Look at him,” Brian sneered. “Reading his book. He thinks he’s so safe because we haven’t taught him a lesson since Johnny kicked his arse.” He huffed some, flexing his fingers just so, like he was getting ready for a fight.
“And when you got home he yelled at you for leaving him? John, I’m sure it’s all just a misunderstanding you know how Sherlock can—“ he was cut off by John.
“You said that you would live forever and ever though…” He sniffled and rolled in Sherlock's arms so that they were spooning and he could grab one of Sherlock's hands easier. “You promised…” he whispered as he started to play with his fingers.
John felt awful because really he hadn’t meant to hurt Sherlock at all and certainly not that bad. He swallowed and nodded and then went upstairs to shower. Showers were nice.. Showers helped him calm down… However, he didn’t think the shower was going to help him this time, but he did what Sherlock said because he at least owed him that…
“Never know the secret...” He whispered loudly and closed his eyes. “Oh, it’s going to break Sherlock.” Sigar laughed and smiled, showing his bloody teeth. “My last gift to him... only this time it isn’t a lie.”
He finally felt content, at peace, but then there was a tugging at his arm and he was being pulled out of the bath. John gasped for air and just started sobbing as he clutched at the stranger’s shirt, he didn’t know who it was, but he was actually thankful for what they did. Arms wrapped around his body, pulling him out of the tub entirely. He was curled up in the persons lap and the arms that held him pulled him closer, rubbing his back slightly and pressing small kisses into his wet hair, "It's okay... You're safe..." The voice said softly as they kissed his head again and John wanted so badly for that voice to be Sherlock's, but it wasn't... And it never would be.
“John, I was the one that shot you! Of course I needed to stay!” He sighed and sat at the edge of the bed.
He closed his eyes and just tried to drift off to sleep when John slowly moved his hands out from Sherlock's hair. He grabbed onto his dog tags and slowly pulled it off of his neck. “Sherlock... put them on...” He whispered and kissed his jaw. “I want you to have them.”
John drew in a sharp breath. He was so close to saying something… but it was just a book… Sherlock wasn’t hurt… it was fine… besides, how could a book be special anyway? John would just buy him another copy and he could wear that one down to nothing as well. It was fine…
Sherlock smiled brightly and ran to the door. He opened it and then slammed it shut and screamed loudly.
John's heart dropped. He had no idea how Brian knew… maybe he was just guessing… He had to be because if he wasn’t guessing John wouldn’t have heard the end up it. He honestly didn’t know though, but he wasn’t about to agree with the low life worm that was Brian. “Umm. You’re mistaken. I’m not gay.”
The words echoed around in Sherlock's head, though he knew John would not have him back right away. A small part of him at least
“So you killed yourself because of me!!” He choked out, if he had known that he would have stayed far away from Sherlock. So far away Sherlock would have thought he didn’t even exist anymore. Why couldn’t Sherlock just talk to him!
John blinked. He most certainly was not expecting this reaction and he felt the anger slip away some as he watched Sherlock’s distress play out. He wanted to smooth the pout away and tell him everything was going to be okay, but he had to get answers as to
Eventually, everyone was gone and John was left sitting on the pavement by himself. He slowly reached up to his neck, pulling out the necklace from under his shirt and wrapping his hand around the heart shaped locket that he never took off. Ever since Sherlock had wrapped it around his neck, the necklace had stayed there, he didn’t even take it off to shower… and yet he wanted to yank it off and throw it away and never see it again. He wanted to watch as the chain shattered and broke apart as he tore it off his neck, but... he didn’t because that was all that he had left of Sherlock. Sure, he had what was at the flat, but all of those things seemed so meaningless compared to the locket that was resting against his chest.
The doorbell rang and snapped her out of her thoughts. She went downstairs and opened the door, it was just the take away man giving her what she had ordered. Jesus, she had forgotten that she had even ordered anything – sometimes dealing with John made her space. It wasn’t that he was a problem for her, it was just exhausting keeping this secret from him and trying to save him at the same time. Claire gave him a tip and then walked back up the stairs, “John. Lunch is here, come on out, love.” She said softly. One thing that had changed was how John would listen to her now. If she said come, he came. And she knew that that was because he was a shell, surviving each day, but not living. He hardly even spoke to her, just listened to commands and didn’t do anything unless he had been commanded. And he never yelled at her anymore, she preferred the yelling. It showed her that he still had some fight left in him.
Sherlock blinked. If John hadn’t told them and he was just being a smart arse... Sherlock couldn’t exactly out him, John would hate him forever. And if John had told them he figured John would have stepped in a long time ago. Well, he supposed for John's sake he would play dumb. “And who might that be?” He drawled, clearly sounding un-amused.
John rolled his eyes and shoved him some, but remained silent. He kept looking around as they walked, looking for anything that looked familiar to him.
John laid in bed and just stared up at the ceiling. He tried to sleep, but it wasn’t coming to him. He groaned bitterly and narrowed his eyes up at the ceiling like it was personally offending him. It wasn’t, of course it wasn’t… it was a god damn ceiling. After about four hours of trying to fall asleep he sat up in bed and yanked on his shoes. He needed some air because this stuffy room wasn’t doing him any good, in fact, it made him feel like he was going to go even more mental than he already felt. Perhaps he should have grabbed the guest bedroom and gave Sherlock this one, but the thought of giving Sherlock something familiar made him sick. He
Sherlock groaned loudly and looked at John, “I’m going to stop you right there... Are you seriously trying to ask me out?”
“John, really, I’m not in the mood for childish games. Take this off of me right now.” He groaned as John started spinning him in a circle, but didn’t really make any effort to take the blindfold off of him himself.
!” His dad growled the word like it was the most disgusting word ever known to man. John thought that, to him, it probably was.
"Please John, if you would let me explain..." He said quietly. "If there was another option I would have taken it, but–" Sherlock was once again interrupted by John plowing him to the ground and beating him on his chest weakly.
Ignoring the voice inside his head that wanted to remind John that John himself was one of them, Sherlock instead felt something inside of him jump. Then for the third time that day, he surprised himself, perhaps he needed to go to the hospital and have a brain scan. “Do you want to walk home together…?”
Sherlock kept running as fast as his legs would carry him, knocking some people over in the process – John would have scolded him, but this was an emergency. Eventually, he got to an alleyway where he saw Brian digging a serrated knife into John’s neck. Rage filled Sherlock and before he could think about what he was doing he attacked the bigger man to the ground, he should have taken more drastic measures instead of just kicking the man out. Clearly, he was psychotic considering he tried to fucking rape Sherlock. Though, Sherlock supposed that since he didn’t actually go through with it, when he very much could have, that he was all talk. Apparently, that was a miscalculation on his part and wouldn’t be happening again.
John growled and shook his head, “I fucking told you I would be back. I told you I just needed time away!” He snapped, “I was only even gone for three days which means you couldn’t even keep it in your pants for a fucking
John’s face lit up and he grinned at her, the first real grin she had seen from him in years. “Thank you,” He nodded once and then bolted to the front door and left. That was all the confirmation he needed. He knew she was acting out of anger, but he didn’t care it was permission and if he was going to die, he was going to die properly. On the top of St. Barts, just like Sherlock.
Small hands landed on his arms and tried to get him to stop thrashing, “oh calm down! Someone just wants to ask you a couple of questions.” She hummed softly.
John stood outside the door of 221B Baker Street and waited for Sherlock. He was actually a bit worried he wasn’t going to show up and then what the hell would John do? But before he could doubt it anymore Sherlock climbed out of the cab and John grinned.
“I’m fine, John!!!!” Sherlock snapped. “I need to—“ He was interrupted by a bullet whizzing through the broken back window and to the front one, breaking that one as well. “FUCK!!” He lost control of the car and it swerved off the road and into the forest that was next to their house. Sherlock tried to dodge trees, but he knew it was only a matter of time before he hit one. John was screaming in the back and before he could tell John to hold on he ran straight into a tree and his head flew forward and hit the steering wheel.
He got up right next to John, so that the barrel of the gun was pressed against his chest. He raised his hands and wrapped them around John’s hands, “John...” He whispered quietly, “Please...”
“It’s basically like you just stepped into another dimension.” He explained and grinned. “The police box is just a camouflage. It doesn’t really look like that.”
John wanted to punch him again, “To get me here so he could talk to me and try to convince me to not go through with it!”
John eventually fell asleep like that and so did Zack. He didn’t want to leave John in fear that he might do something stupid.
“God, you’re a bastard!” He heard John grumble into the end of the phone. Right, the phone… he was still on the phone with John and he still needed to do this.
A few hours passed and the two of them had finally made it back home to Baker Street. John could hardly look at Sherlock, he was fuming, but he also couldn’t stop holding Sherlock's hand. He had to assure himself that Sherlock was really here and that this was really happening. It… was all very conflicting to say the least. On the one hand, he wanted Sherlock to get out of his sight and to never come back. He was so incredibly angry with the man he didn’t even think he could ever forgive him. On the other hand, he wanted to curl up around Sherlock, climb inside his body and make himself one with Sherlock, never letting him go ever again.
Sherlock spoke with the lady for a while and then they were being ushered inside. Apparently her name was Mrs. Hudson and she seemed rather nice. He was glad he didn’t have to kill her because he hated killing old people... He would do it when he had to, but he hated it and there was no satisfaction in it. John Watson was a man of torture. He loved the feeling of blood rushing over his hands and getting all over his body, in his hair, on his suits, the smell of metallic, the taste of copper when it splattered onto his lips. He loved hearing the screams and begs and he loved playing god. He got to choose whether they lived or died and he always chose the latter. Always. But he would never do that to the elderly... It hurt too much and he was pretty sure he had Mrs. Turner to thank for that. He did kill them because money was money and he wasn’t going to be labelled as some weakling because he didn’t off an elder, but he wouldn’t torture them. Always clean and fast and quick so that they never felt a thing.
ALSO ALSO ALSO Ever since i got a new computer when i copy and paste the story to the box it gets rid of all paragraphs and bolds and italics and centres and UGHHHHHHHHHHH HATTTTEEEEEE
“The same applied to Mycroft, lucky for me though while I was an addict I made a lot of connections with the homeless. I contacted them and they helped me fake my death and also get me what I needed to be able to do this mission on my own. And so that’s what I did. I went all through Europe dismantling his network, taking them down one by one.” He closed his eyes, “I… did a lot of bad things John. Things I can’t unsee when I close my eyes, things I can’t undo because I can’t turn back time. Even if I could turn back time I would always do this outcome because your life is more important to me than anything in the world, including myself.”
John's eyes widened and then he snarled a bit, “are you suggesting that I’ll actually fall for this bloke?” he snapped.
John punched him harder and harder until he had stopped laughing. His father didn’t know when to stop! That fucking
“Holy fuck how did I put up with this for so long?” He muttered under his breath. “When people break up, John!”
She eventually sighed, “Not even the Love Potion is cheering you up must be one hell of a load. What’s wrong then?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but was smiling. This was probably the oddest conversation he had ever had with anybody.
“Of course! No one can ever compare to my Sherlock!” He grinned back and rested his head on Sherlock's chest. His finger drew lazy patterns on Sherlock's clothed stomach and he smiled to himself. Everything was perfect.
John barked out a laugh and kicked him in the stomach, “No one is asking me to do this!!” He lied. “I’ve wanted to kill your brother for some time now! I’m just finally now acting upon it!” He hissed.
John clenched his jaw even more. He was afraid that if he clenched it any more he would break his teeth – those perfect, perfect teeth. He really needed to stop clenching his jaw or he would have to wear dentures by the time he was twenty. Sherlock called Irene
Sherlock woke up an hour later and kissed John's bare chest softly. “Morning, my love.” He whispered softly. He had completely forgotten what day it was, but one look at John's face told him everything his brain had failed to supply. His heart sank and he felt like he was going to vomit so he closed his eyes and looked away to keep the tears from coming.
Sherlock took a breath and shook his head, “No, it’s not all of it. There is more. So much more and I don’t-“ he swallowed the lump in his throat and searched his face, “I want to tell you, I’m going to tell you, but I need you to give me a minute.” He said quietly.
And Sherlock lost it, “My father was a horrible man who ruined both mine and his life!! It was self-defence, John would never hurt someone if he didn’t have to! Maybe you should get all of your bloody facts straight befor-”
John cleared his throat, “for the record… we didn’t actually do anything. Just snogged some.” He looked away awkwardly and decided to focus on an outlet that he suddenly found very interesting for the moment being.
Sherlock bursted into giggles. “For a thirty-eight-year-old man you’re pretty out of shape.” He snickered.
John walked back over and sat on his bed, staring at the hot tub in the corner of his room, "Someone's been using that...." He sighed. "Normally I would want to find them and kill them for that, but right now I don't care... Maybe they even deserve it..."
Sherlock smirked and gently picked one. He placed it in John's hair behind his ear and smiled. “So pretty,” he teased.
The DI swallowed and took a breath, “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I really am. I wish it was different, but unless Mycroft can come forward and says himself that it was a mistake… my hands are tied.”
“John...” Sherlock whispers and swallows, “I don't know what you want from me... please... I’m sorry...”
As soon as Sherlock finally got out of bed and was presentable, really it was his own house why did he need to sit and fix his hair for ten minutes, they walked downstairs together and saw a man sitting at the counter reading the newspaper. John didn’t know who he was, but he assumed that it was Mycroft, or as Sherlock so lovely put it: Cakeman. Though, he supposed it could also be Sherlock's father… the man in question looked a tad young, but he also looked very old. It was all very confusing to John.
John sighed. “May I just point something out to you...? Since you are kidnapping me... It might help not to drive so fast because if you happened to get pulled over they would see me tied up and with a bag over my head...”
John didn’t want to rush over, he didn’t want to seem too eager – though, he supposed it was impossible to seem too eager when one wasn’t eager at all. He felt sick to his stomach, annoyed beyond reason, and heartbroken. He was really hoping this talk could fix things, but he didn’t think that it could.
In other news it has also taken so long because I moved states.... again... yep!! i'm back in utah bitches!!! my fucking twat of an aunt fired me and kicked me out of her house (in a state where i had no family besides my aunt an uncle) all because i didnt fold her laundry right... however if you ask me i think she just wanted an excuse to throw me out all along... she told my mom untrue shit about me... AND SHE FUCKING DELETED ALL OF MY RECORDINGS!!!! i would have deleted hers but she would have killed me... im not even joking you... like she hates this side of my family so im actually honestly surprised she had me come out in the first place....
They walked inside and John wrinkled his nose, “Bit messy...” John was used to his place being spotless. He hated messes and he was glad his character was from the army because that could explain his slight OCD for messes...
John lifted his body up and put his hands on the button of Sherlock's trousers. He slowly undid them and pulled them down. He did leave Sherlock's pants on though, because he wanted this moment to last. Just like Sherlock, he also wanted their first time to be special and rushing things wouldn’t make it nearly as special as they wanted. John reached for his own trousers, but was stopped by Sherlock's hands, though, soon John's trousers were discarded as well and they were both kneeling on the bed in their pants. “Lie down.” John whispered softly as he gently pushed Sherlock to a laying position.
As much as he missed Sherlock, as much as he didn’t want to move on, or let him go, he knew he had to. It was incredibly exhausting living in the constant fog of depression. Waiting for the nights he could get drunk just so he could hear Sherlock's voice, even if it was verbally abusive. As much as the thought of moving on hurt, he knew that that is exactly what Sherlock would want for him – and if the roles were reversed, he would want that exact same thing for Sherlock.
John had to force everything in his power to not grin like a madman. This was actually working! He wanted to grin... He wanted to grin so bad because he knew it was amazing to be experiencing this, but instead he frowned a bit and furrowed his brow. “Sorry..?”
“John Hamish Watson. You don’t need to do any better than what you’re already are doing. You are the boy I love and I love you for who you already are… Sure you probably could have told them earlier – I
Sherlock sighed and leaned back against the couch, “I’ve been told that many times.” He drawled. Honestly, he needed Aiden gone immediately so he could concentrate on what to do next.
Christ, he felt like crying as well... This wasn't fair! He had been trying to tell her that he wasn't okay for months and she just told him to get a therapist! It wasn't her fault he supposed... She was trying and she did help sometimes, but no one could help the way he wanted to be helped, no one but Sherlock. He would have answered her, but he knew that she would just tell him to be quiet again. He sighed and looked away. Why did she have to be there? Why did she have to find him in time? There was nothing left for him here... He was a broken solider with a dead lover... Things kept going wrong for him and he hated it. But he knew he had to put on a brave face now... Maybe he didn't. He didn't know anymore, all he knew was how numb he felt all the time. Numb and yet heartbroken and he didn't understand how that happened. He also didn’t understand what was socially acceptable anymore, what was the right thing to do or say in situations. So, he just stared at her.
John lifted his head up and grinned at her, it was the first real smile he had shown in months, “Thanks. I’m slowly getting over his death... I think it’s always going to hurt and the pain is never going to go away, but it’s slowly getting more manageable...” He lied. In truth he came here because he was terrified he was going to do something stupid and break Sherlock’s promise. The trying to quit drinking was true, but he was in no way feeling better about Sherlock's death and that just filled him with confused feelings. On one hand, he was pissed off... he was sick of feeling sad and depressed and suicidal all the time. It just felt like every day that passed it got worse and worse, not better. And that made him so incredibly angry because Sherlock in no way, shape, or form, deserved his grief after what he chose to do. On the other hand, he was relieved because he felt like the second he felt better about Sherlock's death it meant that he didn’t care for the man anymore and he didn’t want to feel like that. As much as he knew that that wasn’t true, that’s what his brain kept telling him and he couldn’t help it. Getting over Sherlock's death would have been wonderful, he could love the man, and care for him, and remember the happy times without getting an overwhelming urge to follow him. He could speak highly of him and tell everyone of how amazing and great his former lover was. That no matter who he fell in love with in the future, Sherlock would always hold a special place in his heart – a place reserved only for Sherlock. Getting over Sherlock’s death would be the most beautiful thing that could possibly happen, and yet, his brain refused to let go.
Sherlock just hummed, trying not to sound bitter, and shook his head, “No, nothing is wrong. Why would there be anything
“You have absolutely nothing to say to me. Leave! John’s in the shower and I want you gone by the time he comes out!” Sherlock snarled and slammed the door in their face. He started walking back upstairs when he heard the person call out.
Sherlock's heart thrummed as he looked up at John. He had never felt this way with anyone and no one had ever said those things to him... it made him special... like he belonged, and that was something he had been searching for forever. Something he had given up on finding until John came along. He smiled softly and swallowed some, “John would you like to watch a movie with me...?”
Sherlock's heart broke. John thought that he was mad at him because he almost died… that was so, so very wrong. “John, I’m not...” he trailed off and swallowed. He waited until John had his pants on. “Come here…” He whispered. When John didn’t move he racked his brain for things that could help. He was never good at emotional problems and now that he actually had to talk about them… it troubled him. “Please.”
Sherlock's brain was whirling and everything hurt. People were talking to him, but he didn’t understand what anyone was saying to him, he couldn’t hear them either. The words just echoed in his head over and over again.
Regan climbed back onto the bed and crossed her arms over her chest, “I’m not going anywhere.” She grumbled, “So how about you man up and fuck me and then I’ll leave?”
John swallowed and looked back down at his father. He felt awful for what he had done in truth. Yes, his father deserved it, but that didn’t mean it was acceptable for him to lose control. What if he lost control like that on Sherlock, or his future family? The thought terrified him. He closed his eyes and breathed out roughly through his nose.
“Bullet to the left shoulder. He’s losing blood fast and our machinery isn’t enough to keep him alive. He needs to be in London as soon as possible, otherwise he will die, sir.”
John blinked a few times like he was trying to see straight again. “Oh, that’s good I suppose. What—I mean how… How are you feeling?”
"Mycroft! I almost died yesterday! I'm not going to school." He pouted dramatically and held John closer.
John swallowed and opened his mouth to speak, but Claire just shook her head, "Your throat probably hurts... Save your voice." She paused for a bit and then her face twisted up like she was going to burst into tears, "John, if you were so low why didn't you talk to me? I would have been there for you! You honestly seemed fine… you seemed like you were getting better." She whimpered and grabbed his hand.
also that NOT REALLY line john said totes reminds me of greggles when sherlock and john were in the jail cell together.
Sherlock kept looking around and then snickered, “This one!” He grinned brightly and held it out to John.
John frowned more, hadn’t she seen the news? He never told her he had died, but it was plastered everywhere right after it happened, for weeks after it happened. He sighed and just decided to drop it, he wasn’t blind and he saw the empty pill bottles strewn around the house. She probably didn’t remember a lot of things these days. “Never mind.” He sighed.
John grabbed a glass of water and then put all the pills into his mouth at once. Some of them got stuck on the way down and he thought he was going to die from choking, rather than die from an overdose, but a few more gulps of water and the pills managed to slip down into his stomach.
Sherlock swallowed hard and looked away as he remembered saying something vaguely similar to John when they first met. “Don’t talk like that...”
He sighed softly and then slowly opened his eyes. There was no point in pretending he was asleep because Claire would have been able to notice, and keeping his eyes closed was surprisingly rather exhausting. Plus, he wanted pain medication because he could barely move without his stomach feeling like it was going to explode, or cave in, or tear itself apart, or... Something. He blinked a few times to get used to the blinding lights of the hospital room and then looked over to his right.
“Are you an idiot?” John barked out a laugh, “You half suck me off, don’t even finish mind you, and then you just randomly get up and leave without and explanation and just expect me to
Sherlock started throwing on his clothes as he listened to her speak, he didn’t even care if he didn’t match, he just needed to get to John. “How long ago did he leave?” He waited for an answer, but when she just sobbed in response he growled at her, “HOW LONG AGO DID HE LEAVE, CLAIRE!!” He screamed, demanding an answer from her.
John's heart leapt and jerked against his chest. He had kissed plenty of girls, yes, but he had never actually kissed a boy. He didn’t care though because it felt amazing… Sherlock felt amazing. He closed his eyes and played with the bottom fringe on Sherlock's hair. John tilted his head to the side a little to deepen the kiss.
Two weeks later things were finally settling back to normal. Sherlock wasn’t really hurt anymore and John had been extra kind to him recently. It was funny really, because Sherlock wasn’t even angry, but if John felt the need to pamper him… and Sherlock wasn’t one to argue with that. They still hadn’t had sex yet – or really done anything other than snog and get a little handsy on the upper half, but that was all fine. John wasn’t ready and secretly Sherlock didn’t think he was either, though he supposed that wasn’t really a secret considering he was the one who stopped them the first time. He wanted that moment to be a special moment that both of them would remember forever. Call him a hopeless romantic if you must, but truthfully Sherlock was like a delicate flower that needed to be taken care of specially and somehow John knew just how to do that.
Once inside he pushed Regan up against the wall and kissed her. It wasn’t sweet, it wasn’t caring, it was just hot and messy and had no meaning behind it whatsoever. It felt... it felt wrong honestly, but John pushed those feelings down as hard as he could and tugged her to the bedroom. He was going to sleep with her and it would all be okay in the end. Even if Claire was right about a one night stand he figured it couldn’t hurt to be loved by another person even if they were just going to end up leaving you in the morning. Only… this wasn’t love at all.
He wanted to sob, he wanted to break down and beg for John's forgiveness, but John wasn’t even with him and why, why,
Okay. First things first im a realist. nahhhhh im just playing. However let me please explain to you what a john is... a john is a Bill. Now you're probably thinking to yourself... "Dafuq whitney... a Bill makes less sense than a john...."
“This is Sherlock Holmes,” The voice hummed, he didn’t keep John's number and he deleted it from his brain so he could never recognise it. He didn’t need the hope that bubbled up in him on the off chance that someone else ended up with John's number and called him for a case.
John glares up at him because he can't do this right now! “Your arse was around my cock. People say things they don't mean all the time because they let their dick control their brain.” He hums.
book. That book was special to him and they just took it and ruined it. He looked up at Brian with a fire in his eyes that had never been there before. “Tell me Brian. Do you bully me because you’re jealous? Or do you bully me because it’s the only way you can talk to me? Because we both know that you like me, but are too fucking scared to admit it!” He snarled. He was doing everything in his power to not stand up, but he honestly didn’t know how much longer that could last.
John climbed out as well, but it didn’t mean he wanted to… he looked around and rubbed the back of his head, the place was completely dodgy. There was graffiti everywhere and everything around them was an old abandoned arcade game arena, “Sherlock, this place is dodgy as fuck… what are we even doing here..?”
Lestrade straddled him and his nice act completely dropped. “You’re right, I did. He had a nice arse and I just couldn’t resist myself. He never came back to me though… I figured that would happen.” Lestrade sighed as he looked at Sherlock.
The bell eventually rang and John was regretting his decision to come to this class. He had this class with Sherlock and after about three months of being together the teacher decided to do assigned seating thanks to Brian and the other players. Somehow John and Sherlock ended up together, John was grateful for it then, but now he was dreading it.
John shivered and thrusted five more times before coming as well, he didn’t make a sound, just let out a whiny breath. He whimpered and laid in bed limply, “That was brilliant – you are brilliant.” He hummed.
Two months, five days, seven hours, three minutes, and thirty four seconds since Sherlock has been back from the dead – not that John has been counting or anything... He has and that’s the problem. Mary is worried, but Mary always worries about him. He’s
Sherlock blinked and decided that he should just keep his mouth shut. So far talking seemed to make John angrier and he decided that he
Brian laughed and then spat in Sherlock's face. “Nah, he needs to learn his place. Rainbows like him don’t belong here.”
“No, it’s fine... She’s just so busy and she’s never really at home... I was hoping that she would be able to see her son who was shot and almost died, but she can’t get work off... They’re on a tight scheduled apparently.”
John swallowed thickly, looking down briefly before nodding and going up the stairs. Because what the woman didn’t know, was that he was the one who had put Sherlock through whatever it was he was going through. He was the cause for his short temper. He pushed the door opened once he climbed the seventeen steps, taking a deep breath before walking in. He frowned a bit when he didn’t see anybody in the flat, but then he realised that Sherlock had turned his chair to face the wall so that when he sat down in it his back was to the door. John smiled fondly at that, such a fucking drama queen.
Sherlock shook his head and swallowed thickly. His heart hurt and he just wanted more time! He had practically ignored her in the years that he thought John was dead and that killed him, they could have
She smiled in her sleep and mumbled something about her boys and then fell back into a deep slumber, Sherlock was certain she was never really awake to begin with. Still, he smiled nonetheless and managed to fall asleep almost instantly.
Sherlock doesn’t look up, “You were gone. I saw an opportunity. You don't live here anymore, John, so if you really wanted it you would have taken it with you.” He grumbles some and keeps burning it.
Claire cut him off with a sigh. She stood up, walked over to the blond, and hugged him tightly, “I know you didn’t mean it, you git.” She said quietly as she breathed him in. He was so much smaller than when she had first met him. What was firm and muscular before was now just skin and bones. It looked like the wind could break him, or blow him away.
Sherlock's world came crashing down. This wasn’t supposed to happen!! Not like this! And all he could think about was John! John, John, John, John,
Mycroft swallowed and looked down slightly because of course he knew who John was talking about, and because John looked downright terrifying. “We’re trying to find him, John, but he is hidden...”
. What sort of boyfriend was John if he left him at a time like this?? He had been a bit of a dick to John, but he knew John didn’t take it personally. He secretly hoped John would run to him and wrap his arms around him and tell him everything was going to be okay, but when he heard the footsteps running away he knew that that wasn’t going to be the case… He went inside and sulked on the couch.
He looked away and didn’t answer the question, “I’ve noticed you like my hair...” He said changing the subject. So maybe they didn’t need to talk, what would talking do anyway?
John blinked and turned his head to look at him before pursing his lips, “I’m sorry… can you repeat that?”
“Jesus, John!” Claire choked and knelt down next to him. She brought him in a tight hug and closed her eyes, “I was so worried!”
Sherlock didn’t pay attention to the movie though – he couldn’t, his mind was wandering with all the things that could have been and he couldn’t make it stop. Everything hurt. Before he knew it the movie was over and John was nudging him, “Want to go to bed?” He asked softly.
” This was certainly not how he wanted to spend his evening. He was hoping the man would just stab him once and be done, he knew that was wishful thinking, however. He wasn’t scared because he didn’t care, he just thought that this was very inconvenient to his evening.
“John!!!” Sherlock whined and looked at him, “No one will even see it! You’ll wear it under your clothes! Please...” He pouted, “It will make me happy.”
Sherlock laughed at him and shook his head, “Oh no... I most definitely meant it.” He hummed with an air of certainty.
“YOU WOULDNT TALK TO ME, SHERLOCK! GOD DAMMIT!” he hissed. “For a bloody week I tried to do everything I could to get you to talk to me! Even if it was just as fucking friends and you would have no part in that. As far as I’m concerned you lost the right to know the second you kicked me out of you house.” He spat, “If you’re going to be like that get the hell out of my room!”
John stood up and walked to the doctor that looked rather sombre. His heart sunk, but he kept his head held high, “Yes...” He whispered.
Sherlock poked his head out and screamed again as he pointed. “THERE!!!” He ducked behind The Doctor.
Sherlock laughed a bit and then winced, “tell Mycroft I’m sorry that I doubted him.” He whispered weakly.
John thought about this for a while. It would be nice to live with someone who actually liked him and not just someone who was forced to like him because they were related. “Yeah… alright fine.”
Sherlock took a deep breath as he thought back to the letter John had wrote, he briefly wondered if Sebastian was the one John had written to him about, but most likely not. There were probably hundreds of men that John just wasn’t able to save. He pushed the thought from his head and nodded slowly, “we can get through this, okay? I’ll help you, but you have to call everything off.”
Sherlock sighed and stopped what he was doing, looking at John with exasperation, “Can we actually not do that?”
Sherlock swallowed and brought his knees up to his chest as he shook his head, “My...” He whispered quietly, using his nickname for Mycroft, a name he hadn’t used since he was four. “What if he doesn’t wake up...” Sherlock dreaded that more than anything. To think he was the cause of this, and then he couldn’t even end up saving him… No, there couldn’t possibly be a world where John didn’t wake up. Though, as much as he told himself that, and firmly believed it to be true, he knew that the chances of John not waking up were very large.
John tilted his head so Sherlock could have more access and more room to explore. His head was spinning and he couldn’t get over the feeling of how amazing Sherlock made him feel. Sherlock was brilliant in every way. “How far—“ he was cut off by a moan that had escaped his mouth right as Sherlock nipped at his neck. Sherlock's mouth was spectacularly clever and he vaguely wondered if there was anything that Sherlock couldn’t do. “Do you want to go?” he managed to gasp out.
Sherlock glared at John and the words came out before he could even think about it. “You don’t want me coming to your house for two reasons. The first being that you are actually worried about my safety and don’t want me walking home in the dark. The second is that your house is small and you are embarrassed by it. Perhaps because of the neighbourhood, but more likely the fact that it’s a mess inside. You keep your room very clean though – spotless in fact. It makes you feel better about the whole situation in general. Your father is a drunk and is abusive and your mother is rarely around. When she is, you are happy to see her, but you can’t help but feel a little angry that she does nothing about your father and his drinking. You have a brother at home named Harry who happens to be the closest person in your life, but you two aren’t actually that close. You feel alone in the world and you’re afraid to tell your mother – let alone your father – that you—“ He stopped himself. He was surprised for the fourth time that day, yep definitely getting that brain scan. He never stops himself! But there was something about John that he didn’t want to risk losing… John made him happy and that was something he hadn’t experienced in a very long time.
John stared at the number, laying on the nightstand next to the bed for a long time, thinking how he would go about doing so. He wanted to be able to call Sherlock without him knowing who it was and that wouldn’t be too hard considering his voice had deepened a bit more than Sherlock would have remembered. He grabbed the number and then grabbed his mobile phone, the same one he had had before he left. They must have given it back to him when they brought him to London. John stared at the numbers for ages again before finally punching them in and dialling the number. He honestly hoped Sherlock still didn’t have his number in his phone, or had at least gotten a new number and didn’t transfer the information. It rang twice before a deep baritone voice rang through.
Sherlock was going to say something, but as soon as John started doing naughty things to him, he forgot everything and just closed his eyes and whined.
This chapter is also doozy.....  (I keep using that word hahaha let's mix it up... Killer? This chapter is a killer??) but I enjoyed writing it! It honestly probably hurts my heart the most thus far and for that I am sorry, but I love my fucking angst, okay?
Sherlock's whole body jerked and he squeezed his eyes shut. He didn’t know why, but it felt so good. He briefly wondered if it was because he hadn’t had actual sex with John in years and perhaps he just missed his touch, or if it was because he was drunk and high. He kept a tight grip on John's dog tags as John continued to prepare him.
Claire took a shaky breath and slowly took it from him, “I’ll give it to John...” She whispered quietly, rubbing her thumb over the coats fabric.
John chuckled softly when Sherlock whined out in disappointment as he pulled away, “Hey now, you are the one who wanted me to stop. No whining.” He hummed and kissed his lips softly.
Sherlock swallowed. "Well, Irene has a crush on me – always has...” He looked up and forced a small smile on his lips.
Sherlock just looked at him in horror and then threw his head back and started sobbing, “JOHN!!! YOU PROMISED AND NOW I DON'T HAVE MY MOST PRIZED POSSESSION I MIGHT AS WELL JUST DIE!”
Lily gasped and looked down because yes, Sherlock was a mistake… they didn’t want any more kids after Mycroft, but that didn’t mean that Lily didn’t love her youngest son very much. However, she remained quiet because that’s just what they did… You kept quiet and didn’t cause more problems than what was already happening.
Sherlock whined and played with John's hand some more, “They almost didn’t let me ride in the ambulance with you… That was most certainly not acceptable.”
.” He snapped, not meaning it, but trying to make her angry so she would just leave him alone. “And right now you want me to stay because of some sick...
“Well… That was an adventure.” John said sarcastically as he jumped to the ground and brushed off the dust that had gathered on his clothes.
“When the police are out of their depths, they will consult me and I will solve their problems… because let’s be honest, the police don’t have any idea what they are doing one hundred percent of the time.” He huffed and rolled his eyes, just thinking about the stupidity of the police annoyed him.
John sat on his couch in one, of the many, living rooms he had. He wore his Westwood suit, like he always did, and was sifting through some papers. John lived in a mansion with more rooms than he knew what to do with, but he supposed it was all okay because all of his staff and servants lived with him. He couldn’t trust them to be anywhere than at the mansion. He never even let them leave unless he trusted them... John didn’t trust anyone... He didn’t even know anyone’s name. There were a couple of people he thought he knew the names of, but it didn’t ever matter because no one dared to argue with John. He was a dangerous man and they never talked back to him because bad things happened when they weren’t willing to listen.
"If you don't kill him you'll be on his shit list! And I don't give a flying fuck if you're suicidal and want to be, but you are not dragging the rest of your staff down with you!" He snapped. "Because that is what would happen! You don't love him you're just caught up in the moment of someone having feelings for you because you haven't ever experienced that! So grow the fuck up and start planning the last step!" With that he stood up and stormed out of the room, slamming the door.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but just started giggling again, “Okay!” He hummed and tilted his head up to kiss him. It was rough and sloppy and he was pretty sure he wasn’t even kissing John's mouth, but it was amazing! He also thought John trying to climb up him was the most adorable sight he had ever seen.
“Would you rather...” He grinned at him, like a shark about to attack its pray, “Would you rather, live in a world without John Watson, or live in a world without yourself... though
Sherlock hummed and went to the bedroom. He stripped down to his pants and then laid in bed, staring up at the ceiling. John came in a little while later and slid into the bed next to Sherlock. The mattress dipped and then John’s arms were wrapped around him and he smiled softly, so John wasn’t completely pissed at him. John hummed happily and kissed his neck softly before pulling away. He rested his head against Sherlock's chest, making sure to avoid laying on the dog tags, his hand resting on Sherlock's tummy.
Two days passed by so quickly, too quickly. Wasn’t Mycroft just in here telling him he had two more days? The doctors came in and Sherlock was currently laying in the bed with John and he knew that if John were to wake up and find him lying in bed next to him that that would be a very bad thing, but he couldn’t help it... he needed to be next to him. He swallowed and looked at the doctor, “Yes...”
Mycroft took a sharp breath and drove faster. He refused to believe it, he wouldn’t believe it. He pulled up to the hospital where there were already nurses and doctors ready to wheel Sherlock inside. They heaved him onto the hospital bed and rushed him off into the operation room.
Perhaps in another life or in another universe they were... Sherlock didn’t know who John was, but John knew who Sherlock was and he was a bit obsessed in all honesty. He followed Sherlock as much as he could, he read his blog, watched the news, kept up on his cases, and stalked him on the interweb. John didn’t know why he did that, but it was like he couldn’t stop. He was drawn to Sherlock like a magnet and that was a bit weird to him. However, he had wanted to kill Sherlock more than anything because the thought of bringing down a brilliant mind to a helpless, dependent person who couldn’t think for themselves anymore without looking to someone for approval sent a thrill though his body. He would take Sherlock's heart and he would get to hold it in his hands, something he was pretty sure no one ever had the opportunity of doing... and if they had, the number of people Sherlock gave his heart to was very seldom. He would keep it close and hold it protectively before smashing it to bits! Then he would take Sherlock's brain, he would caress and love it and worship it before taking it apart bit by bit. John knew his brain was messed up... maybe it was all the neglecting as a child. He slowly sat on the couch and his mind wandered.
John's head snapped up to see a very blurry Sherlock sitting across from him. Well, so much for his thoughts getting further. He squinted his eyes just to make sure it wasn’t Zack or something, and then just started sobbing, “Sh-Sherlock...” He whimpered and tried to walk towards the blurry figure but he was too far gone and just fell down on the ground. “I’ve missed you so much...” He sniffled.
John had changed so much in those almost five years of being away. He was more built and he was a lot more responsible and grown up. His voice was deeper and he didn’t look like a teenager anymore because he wasn’t. He wondered how different Sherlock would look… The thought of that made him sigh and shake his head, he found himself thinking about this a lot and it rather annoyed him because he had another things to focus on.
“So...” John said carefully, “You going to tell me why you’re doing drugs and why you carry a knife around?” He asked, seemingly unconcerned – which honestly worried Sherlock. John was acting as if he had just asked Sherlock what his favourite movie was.
Sherlock tried not to gag at the spit that was dripping into his eye. He swallowed and looked at John, praying that John would do something, anything! But he knew that John wouldn’t and that struck Sherlock deep, it hurt more than any punch Sherlock would ever endure.
Sherlock flailed dramatically. “What do you mean you can’t move your body? You aren’t going anywhere, John! You’re going to stay right here with me.” Like hell he was going to let John leave while he was like this.
John swallowed hard because he knew it was time... this was what he had been waiting for and he hated every single minute of it, “You are my best friend, Sherlock... I’m not here because of how clever you are... or the fact that you can give me adventure. I’m not here because of the eyeballs in the fridge or the fact that you have money... I’m here because I like spending time with you... You make me smile when I’m sad and even when I’m not. I can see you for who you actually are and not for what the world sees you as. You aren’t a freak, you aren’t abnormal, you aren’t weird... you are brilliant, and kind, and extraordinary and I don’t care who believes that. I believe that and that’s all that should matter.” He smiled softly.
The cab stopped in front of their flat and Sherlock paid, climbing out of the car. They walked up the seventeen steps to their flat and Sherlock took a breath, he wanted to ask if he could come to bed with John – just bed. But it wasn’t his place to ask, John needed to do this on his own time and he didn’t want to push him. It didn’t seem to matter though, John smiled and just tugged him into the room. He stripped him down and moved him to the bed, climbing in next to him and curling up around him. Sherlock's hand snuck up and grabbed on to John’s necklace and John did the exact same thing with Sherlock's dog tags.
going to end it with John! John was Sherlock's and Sherlock didn’t care that he pushed him away, he didn’t care what would happen if he took John back, he didn’t care anymore! He needed John and John needed him! They needed each other, that was certainly clear to him when John would show up looking like shit every day. Sherlock kept running as fast as his legs would carry him, even though he felt exhausted and on the brink of collapsing. Why was he so far away? He wasn’t going to make it and that terrified him.
John huffed some and didn’t look up from his newspaper, “nothing, you’re just not sitting in your chair is all. Seems like a waste.” He mumbled.
John had brought Sherlock up to their room while he slept. He didn’t leave his side once, he couldn’t. He just laid down next to him and played with his hair softly as he slept.
“Cakeman took me to the hospital… I refused to go, but the man is insufferable and forced me.” He sighed with his eyes still closed. “I… you sprained both of my wrists and my ribs and stomach are bruised, but other than that I’m fine.” He said flatly. “Now, go take a shower. You stink.”
“Yes, well. Things don’t always go as planned!” John spat back, “I’ll give you a million back and we’ll call it even. Now, don’t fucking call this number again. Goodbye, Sebastian! Have a nice fucking life.” He said with no emotion at all and then hung up.
Soon John was completely unclothed and Sherlock was sobbing and still stuck, “I’LL HAVE TO WEAR THESE TROUSERS EVERYDAY FOREVER AND I DON'T EVEN LIKE THEM!” He sniffled.
Sherlock grabbed the baggies of white powder and weed. He grabbed the syringes and the small pipes and everything he could manage and stuffed them in his box, putting them in the cupboard for now. He would hide them better later, but for now it would have to suffice. He swallowed and then walked back out to John, who was looking rather annoyed. He was also looking at him like he didn’t know Sherlock anymore, Sherlock supposed he didn’t. He sighed at that thought and stepped closer, “I’m sorry I yelled at you. I’m just – I can’t believe you’re really here.” He whispered quietly, “I thought you were dead...”
Sherlock huffed and was about to argue, but Mycroft shot him a cold glare and so he quickly hopped off the bed and went to Mycroft’s side. “So John… Why don’t you tell me a story..?”
“Wait… I should probably go and get my stuff from, Sherlock's. If you give me your address I can come right over, I promise.”
“When are you leaving…?” Sherlock replied slowly. His mother was never home. The last time he saw his mother was two months ago and he was actually surprised to see her when he walked into the house, despite the fact that he called her name. Though, to be fair, he always called her name upon arriving home in the hopes that she was there. His mother was a makeup artist for actors and actresses and his father was never home either. Always away on business, but what that really meant was that he was always away with one of his other ‘secret wives’. Everyone knew it. It wasn’t exactly like it was a secret, but no one ever commented on it.
John was snapped out of his thoughts and looked at the figure that entered the room. He was about to tell him off for not calling him ‘sir’, but he realised that it was Mike. He relaxed some, but still had a tight hold and his gun because was angry and hurt about the memory he relived. “Ah, Mike!” he stood up and then threw the gun at Mike.
Sherlock huffed, “that’s it?” He rolled his eyes, “Also you sound pleased about that so my guess is you didn’t like your brother anyway.”
John swallowed hard and tried to look away, but Sherlock was glaring at him and he felt like it was impossible to look away, “Sherlock, don’t...”
Irene arched and eyebrow and crossed her arms over her chest. She knew why Sherlock had brought John, but she wouldn’t say anything. This was their problem not hers.
She blinked at him and then shoved him to the ground, “Jesus Christ you’re so temperamental. No wonder no one wants to be with you.” She grumbled as she unlocked the door and left.
Sherlock's heart broke and he looked to the side, well as much as he could for being pinned against the ground, but he had to stop looking at Claire. "Claire, please... I'm hoping to be finished within a couple of months... Just watch him for me and before you know it I'll be back." He looked back for her and tried for a smile, but it fell short.
. John had had enough! He had never fought back with his father though because of how much bigger and stronger he was compared to him. John definitely got his mother’s genes in terms of height and body structure.
Mycroft nodded and led the way to the dining room. They all sat in their assigned seating: Sigar and Lily at each end of the table, John and Sherlock on the left side, and Mycroft by himself on the right. One of the butlers brought out a bowl of soup as a starter. John smiled and ate it happily, even though it technically was lunch time and it felt like they were eating dinner, he was starving and didn’t mind. The food was also amazing, he was slightly annoyed Sherlock hadn’t given him meals like this the whole time, and they even had a butler?? Where had this butler been since John had lived there? In hiding?  However, he would take what he could get and not complain, he knew he was lucky he was even able to complain about these things. He would have never dreamed of this sort of thing happening to him, or anyone in his family for that matter. “This is absolutely wonderful! Who made this evenings meal?” He hummed.
“John! Slow down! I don’t even know where we are going!! And you have rugby today,” He flailed and to be truthfully honest he was still angry with John, he rather wanted John to go to rugby so that he could have some time alone.
“How reassuring,” John said, deadpanned. “No... It’s not that, it’s…...” John took a deep breath, “you wouldn’t be able to get back to your house.”
She gave him a sad look and then wrapped her arms around him tightly. “That’s my boy.” She said softly and planted a kiss on his forehead.
“Yes, John, I know! That’s why we have keys!” He got to the car, threw John into the back seat, and slammed the door. He winced a bit as he ran to the driver’s seat and started the car. Sherlock stomped on the gas and the car peeled away from their driveway.
“Please… Hold me, please.” He whispered, it wasn’t like him to repeat himself, but he didn’t think John would notice. He was too focused on the adrenaline and the events of the last ten minutes.
John seemed to calm down a bit and just occasionally sniffled. “Sherlock is lying... He must be lying! He doesn’t mean it! I have to go back to him!” John swallowed and started getting up from the couch and then Zack pushed him back down and he whined.
He waited a moment and frowned when she didn’t open her eyes. He nudged her a bit harder, “Mother. It’s morning... you need to take you pills.” He said in a shaky voice, trying to be firm, but failing. Still she didn’t move and that terrified him. He took a deep breath and with trembling fingers and wet eyes he slowly curled his fingers around her wrist to check for a pulse... when there wasn’t one, he broke down.
Sherlock had enough of this. It was dark and John still wasn’t back. Sherlock hated his father more than anything in this world, well except for John’s father, and Mycroft was telling him to treat him with respect. He untangled himself from Mycroft’s grip and walked up to his and John’s room.
I GET TO GO HOME AND DONT HAVE TO LIVE IN FUCKING MISSOURI ANYMORE OMFG IM SO EXCITED!!! NEXT STOP LONDON!!!
“Shhh.” John cooed. “You’re going to be alright. Mycroft is driving insanely fast to the hospital right now.” He whispered softly. “So either we get there in time to save you, or he crashes and we all die together, like The Notebook… only we aren’t old, but none of that
Sherlock sniffled and crawled into bed, he clung to John and kissed his neck, “My hero.” He said as he wiped his eye pitifully.
Mike blinked some more and shifted, “umm, sir... I don’t know if this is a test or something, but I really don’t feel comfortable shooting you...” he swallowed. He honestly hated telling John ‘no’, but he really didn’t want to shoot John.
John looked up and blinked, “Yes...” He nodded and swallowed some. He didn’t want to tell Sherlock because Sherlock’s mum was dying and he didn’t want Sherlock to take him home just because he was feeling a tad ill.
“Hello,” She smiled softly, “You just looked so lonely and sad over here all by your lonesome and so here I am.” She hummed again, slightly repeating herself in her sentence. Sherlock would have hated her. “Can I buy you a drink?”
He made himself presentable and then walked to the pub, it was a bit far, but he did everything he could to avoid cabs, and the tube station just made him feel like he was suffocating. Too many people. He walked up to the bar and sat down on a wobbly stool. John rested his chin on the table and smiled sadly at Claire, “Hi.” He said quietly.
“Stupid. Stupid. Stupid!!!” John groaned as they walked out of the house. He had been repeating the word ‘stupid’ for about a half hour.
John went to the closet and pulled out a suitcase, he started throwing random items of clothing into it and muttering under his breath. If he stayed here any longer he was going to end up killing Sherlock and that was the last thing he needed to do.
Sherlock blinked again. “Well, John, that’s silly… Obviously the floor is just going to give you a back ache and—“
“Hey...” She whispered softly, leave it to her to still read his mind, even in the state she was currently in, “I’m not angry for that... I love the time we got. you make me so proud, Sherlock. Please don’t regret lost time. It was only five years, we had a whole lifetime together.” She would have reached up to rub he cheek, but she was too weak to even do that.
John jolted at the idea, then shook it off and nodded. “Yeah, alright,” he smiled. He was always so lonely on the walk home and he really did enjoy Sherlock’s company during class.
Sherlock was confused because he was pretty sure his plan was rock solid, in fact there had never been a better plan than this one, “And what is that?”
“Why are you here?” John asked with no emotion after what felt like an eternity. He still wouldn’t look at Sherlock, he couldn’t. Because of course he would almost die only to wake up next to Sherlock. Clearly, he actually really was dead and in hell. Or Sherlock wanted him to live like he was in hell, make it so that John couldn’t have him ever, but also always be just right there so that John couldn’t move on either. It was all stupid, and John didn’t know what he really was doing there, but those were the options that seemed the most realistic.
Sherlock took it off and threw it on the floor somewhere. He just wanted John – especially now because he didn’t know how much longer he had with the boy and that pained him. He wanted to be as close to him as possible. Sherlock pressed their bare chests together and shivered as their warm skin came in contact. He whimpered softly and hooked a finger under the waistband of John's pants.
John smirked and then leaned forward to kiss his cheek, “Knew it. Why don't you use that big brain of yours and get us home?”
Mycroft sighed and ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair. “I’m sure he has his reasons little brother.”
Claire hung up and then started cleaning the flat in preparation of John coming home, whenever that was.
. John took off his own pants and then got between Sherlock’s legs. “Are you sure this is what you want…” He whispered.
“OH! So that got your attention!” He smirked. “Tell me Sherlock what would happen if I were to…” He trailed off as he started to rip the first ten pages out.
Sherlock stood in the middle of his living room completely at a loss of words. He was expecting John to fight back more and when he didn’t, when he pulled away and laughed with resignation, Sherlock knew he messed up. He sat back on the couch next to Aidan and put his head in his hands, how had he fucked things up so drastically? He honestly thought John had left him for good, okay… no, he didn’t. But he knew it was coming, he was hoping that by getting a boyfriend John would become incredibly jealous and realize that they needed to work harder to solve the tension surrounding them. But John had just given up… Looking back now he supposed it did make complete sense, Sherlock basically cheated on John. Again. Christ, he was so stupid sometimes.
John grinned back at him and lifted his hand to brush a curl out of Sherlock’s face, “for the record, I haven’t either.” He said softly.
“I don’t know!! I just simply asked him what he had taken—“ He was cut off by John's screaming, “And then he started crying and calling your name!!”
“Sherlock!! So what happens when I get shot and your mum and Mycroft get shot as well?” He glared a bit. “Not to bloody well mention if you just have ‘this feeling’ why the fuck did you do it in the first place.” He was just so confused and he didn’t know what he wanted... he wanted to be mad at Sherlock, but he also wanted to rejoice that he still had him. He sighed heavily at the confusing thoughts running through his head. Perhaps this was heaven then. Though, John thought that if this was really heaven there wouldn’t be anything confusing about it. So that left that he was still alive and Sherlock was being reckless.
reversed and you almost didn’t make it... You wouldn’t have made it if they hadn’t have found you, and I was just as suicidal… but you are so much stronger than me.” He sniffled. “I tried to kill myself on the implication that you were alive you just didn’t want me… if I had received news that you had actually died, I’m pretty sure I would have been successful in my attempts.” He closed his eyes, “You can’t ask this of me, Sherlock. Especially when you almost didn’t survive yourself.”
A year passed and John hadn’t heard anything from Sherlock. He had written to him every single day after a couple of weeks of hearing nothing... John had written 365 letters now and he was done... he was so tired and just wanted peace. Sometimes he missed days because he was so busy, but then he would just write two letters the next day to make up for it.
He swallowed as he walked around his house. Looking at things, touching things. He didn't know why he was there but it seemed to calm him in a way that being a Baker Street couldn't. It wasn't that he hated it there... He absolutely loved it and that was the problem. He knew what was about to come of this all and he couldn't breathe!!!
The bell rang and he made his way to his last class of the day… chemistry. This was John’s least favourite class. He found it pointless and boring; although, this was mainly because he didn’t understand it. John sat with his rugby friends in the back of the class like he always did. He was in his own little world when suddenly one of them nudged John in the side.
Sherlock’s brain halted and he smiled brightly while nodding slowly. He was, however, in the mood for that. John always could make him forget about the bad stuff. Even if just for a second.
Sherlock grumbled and then tried to unbutton them, but couldn’t do it either. He growled and tried harder and then screamed and looked at John with panic. “JOHN!!!! They aren’t coming off! What if they will never ever, ever never come off?” He sniffled and looked at John pitifully, slumping a bit against the wall.
Sherlock grinned with happiness and ran to the nearest ATM. He pushed the card in and the money poured out of the machine. He snatched it up and then ran back to the man, “Kevin!! Kevin!” He gasped and pushed him against the wall again.
Claire stared at him sadly, “And you know that for sure?” She whispered, “She sees that you’re vulnerable. You’re an attractive man and an easy target for her... all I’m saying is I really–“
Sherlock blinked. “No! I’ll get the floor... this is your house. It would make sense for you to sleep in your own bed.”
John growled and wanted to bite him, but just kept crying into his chest instead, “Why! Why should I be strong when you weren’t?? Why do I have to be the strong one?”
“Ugh! Fine!” The faster John participated, the faster they would leave him alone… he hoped anyway. “Dare.”
Sherlock's heart pounded as he ran through the streets of London, there was no way to tell for certain where John would go, but he did have an idea. He just hoped he was right because if he was wrong he wouldn't ever get to see John again – alive anyway. The thought killed him and he forced it out of his mind as quickly as it came, now was not the time to think about horrible things like that. He ran to St. Barts and took the stairs three at a time as he ran to the roof, almost tripping up them many times, but managing to keep his footing. His heart stopped as he flung the door to the roof open and saw John standing on the ledge. He took a breath of relief at the fact that John was actually up here, but the relief was quickly washed out by the fear that crept up upon Sherlock. He swallowed hard and closed his eyes as he stepped closer so John could hear him, but not too close as to startle him, the last thing he wanted was John to slip and fall because he had a fright. "John..." He whispered quietly.
She took a sharp breath in and then shook her head once. Now was not the time to get emotional again. She was angry, she needed to show him she was angry, not break down over the phone, "Come. Home. Now." She spat out.
Sherlock sighed loudly and grumbled, “Not lost... and when I was a little kid Mycroft took me to see the ducks. We fed them and everything was fine... I was actually having fun... until this little boy made one mad and it decided to take out his anger on me. Ever since that day I have had an irrational fear of ducks... and apparently when I am drunk I can't even hear the word without crying... which is actually rather embarrassing,” He sighed some, slowing down a bit so he could grab John's hand.
He eventually got to his mansion and ran up the stairs. He flung himself in his bed and just stared at the ceiling. After a while he could hear the door open and close softly, he just assumed it was Mike.
John sighed heavily and shook his head; “you know I can’t feel things...” he swallowed hard and looked away.
Sherlock smiled softly and then stood up and went to go get a rag. He never did that with Brian, but with John it was different. He wanted to please John – always. He wanted to take care of him, and he wasn’t going to be able to for much longer. He didn’t know what was to come, but he knew that he wasn’t going to live. James was going to destroy John by killing Sherlock. It was as simple as that; it was the only thing that would destroy John. John would endure torture for him, would walk through fire, would burn cities to the ground, hell, he would even kill, as long as it meant that Sherlock was alive and well at the end of it all. And Sherlock knew that James also knew that. No, Sherlock was going to die. It was the only possible outcome and as long as John was safe, Sherlock was able to make his peace with it.
“Once upon a time there was a beautiful, beautiful girl. She lived in a small cottage just beside the river. Every day she would get up and go pick cotton. After she was done picking the cotton she would tend to her garden. Once the sun was high in the sky she would go inside and start making herself sweaters and scarves and warm things. She lived a good life, but she was so terribly alone. She was the only one in the universe it seemed. There was a terrible, terrible fire that had wiped everyone out, everyone but her that is. She survived because her mother had put her in a box and set her in the ocean where the fire could not go. She traveled the world for years looking for someone... Anyone! To tell her it was going to be alright. But no one ever came... Because there was no one left. All she had was the earth, the moon and stars, and the shelter.“ Sherlock’s voice broke on the word ‘shelter’, as he clutched his chest and hopelessly applied more pressure to the wound, even though John was pressing down with all his might.
Sherlock was suddenly very grateful he chose to sit because he knew if he was standing his legs would have given out. He swallowed hard and felt like his whole world was crashing down around him, “What....” His voice cracked a bit and he just looked at John with a pained expression. John had known this for two weeks and didn’t bother bringing it up once! What if she didn’t have that long and since John was holding it off – what if she died! “Is – is she going to be okay..? It’s treatable right... There’s still a chance for her?” He swallowed hard and looked at John with so much hope. He couldn’t lose her... she was his everything even if he wasn’t there for her as much as he should have been. Or there for her at all within the last five years.
He felt invincible, his brain was finally clear and the constant thoughts of John and everything else just went away. He could actually concentrate on other things and his body was practically thrumming, he loved this more than anything. It was the best feeling in the world and sure... it could kill him, but what did that even matter anymore? He looked at Brian with heavy eyes as he injected himself as well. He couldn’t move – well, he probably could, but he was feeling so much pleasure that he didn’t want to. Brian smirked and fucked him senseless as he laid there feeling the high of whatever Brian had injected him with.
After about two minutes John got off of Sherlock and pretended to kick him and Sherlock had taken his chances and had gotten up and ran. John felt awful, but at least now they were off his back. He went back up the hill and the rugby players cheered whilst clapping him on the back. He just wanted to go to Sherlock, but he couldn’t. He sighed and watched as his friends laugh while they congratulated him and they went back to lunch.
“Again. Sometimes you can be such a romantic, but most times you just suck the life out of romanticness.” He smirked up at him.
Sherlock waited for a second, almost like he was waiting for John to say something else and when he didn’t he frowned, “aren’t you supposed to ask me how I’m doing now?”
“Oh, well thank you...” He walked over and snatched the phone before smirking a bit as he typed away, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” He hummed without looking up.
He walked up to the ledge just as his phone started to ring. He slowly pulled it out of his pocket and answered it, “Hello?”
Sherlock ran and ran and he had no idea where John would be because he went to John's home and he wasn’t there either! He started to run again to go look in the park John liked to spend his time in, he wasn’t there either and Sherlock felt as though his heart was ripping itself apart with panic. He wasn’t paying attention to anything really. He hadn’t been paying attention to anything for the last six hours! Even before Mycroft had ran into the room panting, and panicking, but now he couldn’t even think straight! He started tugging on his hair and whimpering and trying to think, think,
I saw that joke on a Laffy Taffy wrapper! My fellow United Kingdomers, and actually everyone outside of America... you dont have Laffy Taffy and I feel sorry for you. It is a kids candy so the fact that it was on the wrapper made me an extremely happy person... they are usually lame like...
Sherlock's eyes widened and he clenched the phone tightly, “Claire...” he whispered, because he was positive that she was calling because the worst possible thing had happened. He was so close to being done, but now he was too late, John had gone and offed himself.
John laid in bed and stared up at the ceiling. He could feel the pills washing over him, making him drowsy, but he was fighting it. He didn’t want to close his eyes because once he did he would have to relive that terrible moment, the moment he always relived when his eyes were closed. He took a shaky breath and finally closed his eyes when they felt too heavy to keep them open. However, once he was about to fall asleep, he heard something move in the corner. John’s eyes snapped opened and he sat up, “Who’s there?” He hissed slightly, loud enough that the person in the room could hear, but not loud enough that Claire would. The person didn’t answer, but John knew there was someone there, could see the outline of someone standing up against the wall.
A slow smile spread across Moriarty’s face, but his eyes were dead. “See, but you’re missing something. I wasn’t planning on walking away from this alive. I was going to follow you, love.”
“No!! Only Mycroft can know!! Mycroft has to ask me!! Because Mycroft is so wonderful and nice!! And you are an evil, evil man!” John said stubbornly and Sherlock got the strange impression that John would have crossed his arms if he could.
After all the talks it was time to take her to be buried. Sherlock stood next to the grave and watched as they lowered her into the ground. He closed his eyes and felt the air swirl around him, calming him slightly. It seemed that he had no more tears to cry and that killed him, but right now he had peace.
Sherlock smirked at him and he wondered just what he had gotten himself into, “Wanna see some more?”
He blinked a bit, he wasn’t surprised the man was waiting for someone, he was surprised because apparently he knew who exactly he was waiting for. “You knew I was coming..?” He tightened his grip on the gun a tad and lifted it back up, aiming straight for Sigar’s head in case he did anything funny.
After a while Sherlock swallowed and then slowly wrapped an arm around John. His heart was pounding and he thought that that was tedious, but he hadn’t tried to do anything with John since he tried to hold his hand. He was terrified John was going to reject him again, but instead he just hummed and nuzzled closer. He actually nuzzled to him and Sherlock's heart swelled.
After adding a third finger John finally pulled out. He slicked up his prick and then slid into Sherlock, John placed his hands on the side of Sherlock's head as he moaned in pleasure. He bent down to press sweet kisses to Sherlock's jaw line, “I love you.” He breathed once he was all the way in. He ran his hand into Sherlock's hair and tugged.
They ran for about five minutes and finally Sherlock stopped and smiled up at a building. He looked back at John and grinned. “It’s so old and dusty and rusty! It’s a brilliant place!!!” He started climbing on the dumpster to reach the window, slipping a bit due to the wetness, but regaining his balance.
Sherlock gasped and stood up as quickly as he could. He moved in front of John to protect him from anything his father was about to throw his way. “John, he will not hesitate to throw the knife at you… and trust me when I say he never misses… go!”
John looked up at the assaulted Sherlock just as he groaned and crumpled up the paper. Sure, Sherlock was a little weird, but that didn’t give Brain, Zack, and the rest of the rugby players the right to tease him. He sighed and left it alone like he always did when Brian nudged him again. “Oh my hell, will you stop that! What?”
John blinked rapidly and frowned, “Did you honestly think you were getting out alive? I mean... really?”
“Show me your fucking arm!!” He snapped and when Sherlock didn’t move he stepped forward and pushed Sherlock's sleeve up. The track marks as plain as day, how the fuck had he missed them?? He clenched his jaw and glared daggers at Sherlock, how the fuck could he do this to him?
None of the Holmes family had seen Sigar Holmes since that fateful day when he came to bring Sherlock the news. Everyone was incredibly grateful for that, no one wanted to see him anyway and Mycroft wasn’t sure Sherlock – or his mother for that matter – could handle another meeting with the wretched man.
John drove the 2014 BMW 3 series as fast as he could, thank god Sherlock was rich and had the most up to date luxury cars. He didn't know how to drive, not one bit, and the fact that it was a newer, expensive car was a tad scary, but Harry was in trouble and damn him if he wasn't about to risk everything to save her. He barely touched the gas and the car seemed to lunge forward like he pressed it too hard. He growled and pressed lighter and soon he got the foot work of the gas pedal down to a manageable pace. He turned the corner and screamed as he almost hit a dog, but luckily for him he managed to miss it. He kept driving on the curb and all he could think about was how blessed he was that this car wasn’t manual. He was actually quite surprised that no one pulled him over for reckless driving and eventually, he pulled the car up to his house and jumped out. He didn't even bother to turn it off; he just ran to the front door and burst into the house. What he saw made his heart clench and panic rise in him. He stood there breathing heavily as he watched the scene play out. He was frozen; he didn't know what to do. He couldn't move, he couldn't think, he couldn't speak. He watched in horror as his father had both hands around Harry’s neck and was currently yelling at her. He was in shock and the only thing that finally brought him back to life was his father’s booming voice.
“I dare you to go sit with the little freak.” Brian and Zack laughed simultaneously because they thought this happened to be the funniest thing in the universe.
“He’s a detective... working for New Scotland Yard,” He sighed before making his way over to the edge of the bed.
Eventually Sherlock nudged on John. He would have kissed his head like he usually did, but Sherlock was a little fussy with him still. When he saw John stir he smiled a bit and waited for him to open his eyes – or eye. “Hey. We have to leave in ten minutes… I set your clothes on the bed for you so get dressed and I’ll be downstairs.” He smiled slightly and walked away, without waiting for a reply from John. He couldn’t, he was angry with him even though he tried not to be and if he stayed in there any longer he was afraid it would all come out.
garden. Tears burned his cheeks and face even though the rest of him was freezing, but he didn’t care. He screamed out into the world and grabbed a handful of the tulips and yanked them out of the dirt, it felt so good, but also destroyed him a bit more each time. He kept yanking the tulips out until there was practically nothing left of their – no her – NO how could it be hers when she was gone?
Sherlock blinked a bit and frowned, but kissed John back nonetheless. He didn’t understand John most of the time and that should have drove him up the wall because he hated not knowing things, but truthfully... it just made him fall more in love... something he didn’t even think he was capable of, but now here was John standing in front of him, kissing him softly and lovingly even after everything that had happened between them. Just like that none of this mattered anymore because they had each other and that was the most important thing for them in that moment.
He started to pull away from John – from everyone in fact. No matter what John did he couldn't do anything to help Sherlock and that killed him. He realised that the loss of his mother was traumatic, but pushing John away was unacceptable.
“So that’s how you see me then? As a rude and heartless bitter man, who happens to be a complete bastard and doesn’t care about anybody’s feelings!”
Hello my fellow homies! I'M A TERRIBLE AUTHOR I KNOW!!!! But my life has been HELLA hectic... AND I'M MOVING TO ST. LOUIS WITHOUT MY FAMILY BECAUSE THEY ARE SHIPPING ME OFF SO I JUST MIGHT CRY! Anyway! I already have chapters Ten and Eleven written so hopefully those don't take as long to upload.. Enjoy the story and I'll see you at the bottom!
Sherlock swallowed and looked down at him, “My father...” He hissed back, he didn’t want to hiss, but he also didn’t want to give up on this fight so easily.
Sherlock grinned and clutched the book to his chest. “Nope! Here I am! I would like to go home now please!” He smiled happily.
She pulled away slowly and smiled sadly at him, “You’re so handsome...” She whispered and then sniffled, “Did you hear about Jim..? Tragic really I–“
also if you want to see the bracelet you can go to my instagram! Which is two_hearts_one_ship heh. obvi.
“Where. Is. He?” He spat and wiped off his wet face with the back of his hand. He didn’t care that he was practically naked! He didn’t care that his scar was ugly and showing out in the opened! He didn’t care about anything right now, his mind only focusing on one thing.
“Ah, right. Well, he’s a prick and I never want to see him again. Even if he retracted his tip off.” He sighed before smiling softly at Sherlock, “I fixed your garden.” He hummed, puffing his chest out in a form of pride.
! You don’t mean any of this! Why are you saying it when you don’t mean it! You can tell me! Please!” Sherlock was lying... he had to be! But he looked like he was telling the truth and John couldn’t handle that... He felt like he needed Sherlock to survive, but here Sherlock was telling him that he used him and that John meant absolutely nothing to him! This felt worse than dying ever could, he thought to himself.
“And what would that be?” Sherlock growled, not commenting on Moriarty’s words – mostly because they were true.
John was a crying mess. Out of everything he had known he had never thought Sherlock had let the words get to him. He always seemed so confident, so put together and bored with the abuse. He clung to Sherlock with everything he had and he refused to let go. “Sherlock… I’m so sorry… I had no idea…” He whispered between breaths. God, what could he even say to that..? More than anything he was glad Sherlock was still here, but it still hurt him deeply to know that Sherlock felt like that every single day… and the worst of it all was John had never done anything to stop it. He never participated, no, but he had watched a countless number of times as his mates bullied him and he just did nothing. No matter what anyone tried to convince him that still made him a bully, one of the many peers in Sherlock's life that had made Sherlock's a living hell.
. And yet Sherlock continued to stay away and destroy John in the process. How could someone do that? No, how could
Sherlock was feeling awful. He didn’t want to tell John, but he did and now John hated him. He wanted to say something, but decided against it. It wouldn’t be a good thing. What could he even say? He should just say his goodbyes now and turn around to go home.
They talked for what felt like hours and the more John spoke with her the more he wanted to take her home. He didn’t know what it was still... maybe it was because she was the opposite of what Sherlock was. Or maybe it was just the fact that he was incredibly lonely and craved to be touched by someone, it didn’t matter who he just wanted that feeling. Or maybe it was the fact that he was finally moving on, finally letting go and all it took was letting someone else help him ease the pain. Perhaps, he wasn’t even gay at all – maybe he was bisexual and just didn’t realise it until the right girl came around because he was more attracted to men? Still, if he needed someone to help him move on, why not take up the option? Obviously this girl couldn’t ease John’s pain in one night seeing as they barely met, but he figured that in time she would be able to help him and that gave him that sliver of hope that he needed.
John pushed passed Mycroft and walked into the house, going into the kitchen. He saw the maps scattered everywhere, so he really was working... at least there was that. At least he wasn’t delusional about everything like Sherlock was.
Sherlock swallowed hard and felt his heart break into little pieces. Like John he ended up writing many letters before he finally had settled on the right one.
“One day she was picking her cotton when she heard a noise. It was so small and so quiet that she almost missed it. Ohh, but she heard it. She ran as fast as she could to find this noise. She searched for hours and hours until finally she stumbled upon a teeny tiny shoe. She slowly bent down and pushed the leaves of the bush aside. Inside the bush there was a little fairy all tangled up in the branches. The little girl gasped and helped the fairy free. ‘What are you doing in there?’ The little girl said in amazement. ‘I thought I was alone!’
Aidan put a hand on his back and started rubbing it, he was saying something to Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t paying any attention as to what that was. He really needed to think about everything, think about what he needed to do to get John back, but the worst part of all of this was, was that he was almost certain it was too late.
The door swung opened and before Sherlock even knew who was opening it he started panicking some more. “I need to know if John is here!! Is John here?” He swallowed hard as he saw Zack's eyes narrow.
The DI sighed, and shrugged one shoulder, “yes, well, I’m guessing Sherlock must have said something to him.”
John craned his head a bit and smirked, “Just people are idiots... come over here, Brad. Let me show you something.”
Sherlock froze. Never in his life has this happened to him, he didn’t know what to do… He gasped as he felt cold fingers brush against his chest. “S-stop…” Sherlock swallowed. “I don’t want this….”
“You’ve been drinking...” Sherlock said slowly, a frown playing on his face. Had he really caused John to go drink? To slip into his father’s ways? The thought made him feel sick.
Without opening up John couldn’t be there to help, and without being able to help Sherlock couldn’t heal. Not that John needed to be the one to help him heal, but if Sherlock was going to tell anybody it would be John. If he couldn’t even tell John than that most likely meant he wouldn’t be telling anyone, he was bottling up his feelings and one day they were just going to explode. Hell, he might even go back to the drugs and John just couldn’t handle that. Not again.
John just shrugged and didn't say anything for a while, "Sherlock's probably going to wonder where I am..."
a difference. Now, here is what you are going to do. You’re going to go back home and pretend like nothing is wrong. You’re doing a shit job, Sherlock, and I’m not happy. And trust me you don’t want to see me unhappy. And actually you not even remembering who I am is making me quite upset, Sherlock.” The voice drawled, squeezing his fingers tips so hard into Sherlock they were sure to leave bruises.
John's eyes snapped opened as he looked at Sherlock like he was barking mad. “Sherlock, you just got shot in the chest and I swear that bed is smaller than a twin. I don’t want to hurt you...”
You know... I really hate John's dad.... Stupid Ted!!!! Also I realise that I am rather a terrible person.. But I'm 19 almost 20.... I should live my life to the fullest and write a bunch of angst!
Heh. and here we are years and years later. To be exact 5. I still havent finished this fucking story. I never updated once a week. But here I am. doing my thing. Going over every chapter and editing it so that I can write the next chapter and finish this story soon. Because five years is a long fucking time. And as always Queen Cyrus' words have never rang so true to me.
Sherlock looked down for a second and swallowed a sip of his tea before taking a breath, “I know...” He whispered to him, “if I would have known he wasn’t dead… I wouldn’t have put you through that.”
John shook his head slowly. He had never even seen this coach in his life. He wondered if maybe he only worked mornings, or weekends. It was still dark outside so it must have been pretty early.
She blinked some when she saw a man she didn’t recognise standing there, but then again, how many of John and Sherlock's friends did she know? “Oh, hello... I’m Claire and John is currently unavailable.” She smiled tightly.
John stared at him with pain and sadness. Sherlock looked nothing like the man he had known for eight months now, his face looked all contorted and he looked darker. In all honesty he looked scary and untouchable, “This...” Sherlock pointed from himself to John, “was simply an experiment.” He smiled brightly. “I’m pleased to say I have my results now so off you pop then.” He hummed as he flicked his hand towards the door.
“So! How do you do it? How does it work!! How can you make it disappear! It is so intriguing! You must, must, must tell me, Doctor!” Sherlock bounced eagerly on the balls of his feet.
Sherlock knew he wouldn’t be able to last for long. He pulled away from John’s lips and buried his face into his neck while they moved. Seconds later, he moaned softly and then came all over John's stomach and his own.
Sorry for the jokes I was trying to make you forget the fact that John is dead... fuck I just brought it up again... well
John stopped walking, frowning as he did so, and looked up slowly, but what he saw broke his heart, “Sherlock... no...” he breathed, not fully grasping the situation just yet.
He pushes the door open and it creaks. John wishes it didn’t because he doesn't want Sherlock to know he is there – though he supposes Sherlock would find out anyway and in order for him to do what he needs to do... Sherlock needs to be present. He walks around the corner and Sherlock is in the process of setting something on fire. John blinks when he realises it was one of his jumpers – or what was left of it. “Excuse you.”
holyyyyyy shit it's me. My life has been a roller coaster. I moved from Utah to LA and am now pursuing my dreams at being an actor. I had gotten signed by a manager and so I packed up and away I went, but then my manager hadn't booked me in anything and after a year she dropped me by automated email. Such a nice woman. not.
"’Hush my child.’ The fairy cooed. ‘I can be your friend. The world is a scary place all by yourself. I'm Bellfire.’ The fairy smirked and stuck out her tiny hand.
Sherlock didn’t say anything he just ran off. He didn’t even care that Zack called him ‘freak’ because he deserved it. He deserved every mean thing that ever happened to him from now on. He pushed that all down as he ran away from the house because he needed to find John! He needed to find his John! And nothing else mattered right now.
“It’s alright, love. I know you’re busy.” She said softly. Sherlock smiled back at her and the three of them kept talking for a while.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and mumbled something that John couldn’t possibly hear, especially not with all the noise around. He shuffled his feet a little, as he kept staring at the ground. How had everything gone so wrong? Sure, Sherlock was awkward and didn’t know how to deal with things, but really he thought this would work and not blow up in his face, like it currently was.
Sherlock frowned as he looked at the white cloudy liquid in the syringe and the needle attached to it. He noticed that there was a blue band – probably for the tourniquet. Sherlock's eyes moved over to the small baggy with green stuff in it, it looked like grass and weeds, and then looked at the small pipe and lighter. He sighed as he took everything in – so marijuana and heroin... maybe cocaine? It was hard to tell because both substances were white and Sherlock was already shite at being able to tell what kind of drugs were in front of him... He knew he would need to know for future cases he was to work on, but he just hadn’t found the time yet and he wasn’t really in a rush. He had never done drugs anyway and he had never wanted to, but now here they were sitting right in front of him and it seemed like the best option available.
“Because what you said was true… it also happened to be extraordinary, completely and utterly extraordinary…” John was a bit breathless to be honest, but the fact that Sherlock could even do something like that amazed him. Why the hell did he sit in silence for so long while his friends bullied him?
Sherlock frowned more. “You just like him because he treats you with respect! He looks at me like I’m a fuck up and a freak! Just like everybody else and he’s rude to Mummy! I refuse to show someone kindness that acts like that.”
Claire nodded and just held him for a long time before she finally pulled away and looked him up and down, “You look terrible.” She smiled softly, “I think you should get in the shower and then take your pills. After that we can do whatever you want or you can just go to bed.”
John did relax a bit and nodded, “Well, it does taste good.” He sighed some, he tried to keep on his happy face, but he just couldn’t. He was still hurting and upset and he had a feeling this girl could tell – or maybe she just fancied him, but she kept staring at him even though she had other customers to attend to and really John just wanted to be left alone.
**future me here. that's not even my handle anymore. bwahha and if you wanted to find the bracelet it would be so far down. anywayyyy catch me at omfgjohnlock boiiiiii
“I question my sanity too sometimes.” He smirked. “But I figure normal is very boring! Who would want to be normal anyway? I’d rather be extraordinary! Like Sherlock Holmes for example!”  He grinned and leaned back against his railing.
“Nope. Don’t. I’m not telling you a story because I know what’s going to happen once it’s over.” John was trying to swallow the lump in his throat still, but it wasn’t going down.
Ah. That definitely made sense. He stood up and just followed the DI without another word. To his surprise Sherlock was actually waiting outside the building for him, flagging down a cab so they could get right into it. His heart swelled slightly at the sight and he knew that they were going to be okay. He always knew that, but this was different, and planting the flowers certainly helped.
John groaned in pain and whimpered, “You didn’t have to shove me off the bloody mattress. I would have gotten up if you had just asked nicely.” He grumbled back, picking himself up from off the floor.
John walked up to the Holmes mansion and swallowed. He went through the side door because he really didn’t want to be seen, not to mention if he was seen Sigar would not hesitate to kill him. He walked into his bedroom and started packing his bag. He was happy because he was in fact not seen and had managed to get into the room quietly. Halfway through packing the door creaked opened and John swallowed hard. He didn’t know who it was, but he wasn’t about to turn around to look.
John took a deep breath and then stepped out from the shadows. He cocked his gun and pointed it at Sherlock, "No, actually I wanted you." He growled a bit because talking with no emotion just wouldn't happen. He had to settle with anger.
John worried dissolved into nothing but happiness. He felt his stomach jump and twist with excitement thinking about what was to come, even if it meant just being friends. John was happy with whatever Sherlock was willing to give him. He smiled as they continued walking the rest of the way to Sherlock's house.
She smirked and raised an eyebrow. That was a very unsherlockian thing to say, even she knew that.  Her eyes flickered to John and her grin became even wider. “Oh. I see what’s really happening here,” Irene looked back at Sherlock and shook her head.
“And you believed him?” John choked out and shook his head in disbelief, honestly, Sherlock should have known the second John walked through that door and was alive and well that his father was a lying sack of shit. The fact that he still blamed John and claimed he didn’t write all the while believing what his father had said, struck John like a dagger.
He was silent for a second more before he finally found his voice, "Is... Is he okay..." He swallowed hard, because he had to be okay! If he wasn’t okay, all of this would have been for literally nothing.
“Letters don’t just disappear, John, so obviously you didn’t. Stop lying to me about it, it’s just making things worse.” He growled and then finally turned to look at him.
John clenched the bag in his hand and then stood up, when had he sunk to the floor? Redness swam into his vision and he didn’t even have a chance to think – or count to ten for that matter – before he pushed Sherlock out of the bed and hissed, “Get the fuck up.”
Sherlock whined and started thrusting into the air, trying to get John's prick to move somewhat inside of him, “I don't care! I’m not letting go!! And I won’t break them, they’re the most precious things to me.”
He opened the door and walked inside. He hated this – he hated that he didn’t know what this man was capable of doing to him, he hated to admit that before the disappearance he scared Sherlock to death... Sherlock walked right up to John and kissed his head softly, “I’m sorry...” He said quietly.
“You’re wet… and naked…” Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly, he didn’t exactly want a gay man to see his boyfriend wet and naked.
Mike swallowed and knelt back down, “right... sorry, sir.” He chewed on his lip and just sort of stared at the whimpering John. He didn’t know what he wanted... “We umm... we need to get the bullet out...”
“No! Don’t!! It will ruin it!! You can’t take it off until the very last second!!” He flailed and grabbed Sherlock's hand as he pulled him through the doors and they went in an elevator. John couldn’t help, but laugh at Sherlock’s annoyance because he knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be annoyed for much longer – or at least he hoped that anyway. The doors dinged opened and John guided Sherlock out of the elevator. He walked for a few seconds and then stopped. “Alright. I’m going to take the blindfold off now.” He smiled brightly and took off Sherlock's blindfold.
They walked around for an hour or so more when Sherlock finally found something he was familiar with. “FINALLY!!!” He practically jumped for joy and gave John a giant hug.
Sherlock and John came home with bags and bags full of clothes. John really didn’t see a need to get all these clothes. I mean, let’s be honest, John would have been happy with a couple of jumpers and a few pants and trousers, Sherlock on the other hand… well let’s just say he liked to shop… a lot… Sherlock kept blabbering on and on about how amazing John was going to look in all the clothes they bought him, but really John was just happy because Sherlock had let him go to Primark after all and he got to pick out some jumpers and fifteen boost bars, because let’s face it… John was obsessed with boosts. They brought the bags up to their bedroom and began to put them away. Sherlock had his own room, but it was messy with experiments so they both decided to live together in the guest bedroom, which had quickly become John's room. The bed was bigger anyway so John didn’t mind, plus Sherlock could now turn his room into a bigger lab! It was the most perfect plan John had ever had.
“No. He’s not dead. I just shot him in the leg, though, to be honest I’m surprised he passed out…” His chest was heaving in and out. He was practically shaking on the inside with fear, but he wouldn’t let Sherlock know that… caring was a disadvantage for him. He would blame the cake on his shortness of breath before anything else. He didn’t even eat that much cake, it was one time Sherlock. One time!
John looked away and sighed heavily, he was silent for about five minutes before he finally spoke again. “I forgive you, but...” he trailed off.
John laughed bitterly and it sounded all watery and wrong, “Great… glad to know a bloody case is better than your boyfriend!”
Mycroft frowned slightly, “Who? Sherlock? He should be back at his flat... where you should also be so that you can get dressed..!” He said firmly.
Literally I am a terrible human as it has been longer than a year! most of you probably assumed I abandoned this, but I did not.... I stopped writing for a while because... well I lost all my work and I was very bitter and angry. BUT WE'RE BACK NOW!!! AND I WILL NEVER LEAVE YOU GUYS. I hope to jesus that my readers didn't give up on me ;-;
“It would appear so, yes… Though to be quite fair, Donna, it was a hell of a night and I’m pretty sure that I was drugged…” The Doctor trailed off.
“Why you little—!” Ted lunged across the room for Sherlock, but John was faster. He tackled his father once again and started punching him this time. Before it wasn’t aggression he was just tackling his dad to try and get him to calm down, but rage filled his body as his father almost turned his aggression towards the cleverest boy John had had the good fortune of meeting.
“Problem, sir?” a man by the name of Blake said. He had just walked into the room to tidy it up when he heard his boss’ anger.
John jumped and stopped moving his finger. “Sorry!! Sorry!!” he waited awhile and then slowly started to push into Sherlock once again. He watched Sherlock's facial expressions like a hawk to make sure he wasn’t hurting him because that was the last thing he wanted. But he seemed to be going slow enough now because Sherlock moaned and arched his back off the bed. John waited a while and then added a second finger.
“Sherlock. So fucking help me I do not need you to speak right now! Do you understand that? Are you capable of being silent for three bloody minutes?” He spits.
He finally started to drift off into sleep when the cell door screeched open, god dammit. Didn’t anyone have any respect for sleep anymore? He lifted his head up and saw the DI standing there, staring down at him. “Mycroft bailed you out. You’re free to go.” He gave him a slight smile and John wanted to punch him.
Sherlock scoffed, “Actually, I couldn’t care less if you were gone for a whole day without me. I was thinking more along the lines of ‘we need to talk’ that’s what people say, isn’t it?”
Sherlock growled on the other end, he was a bitter and impatient man these days, “hello? I’m going to hang up in three seconds if you don’t answer me! I have much better things to do than to sit and wait for you to form an opinion.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but was smiling at the sentimental exchange happening further in the room. “Well, I called an ambulance. Harry, will you be alright here?” He waited for an answer, but she just nodded at him. “So, we have one of two options. We can wait for the ambulance to arrive to make sure he doesn’t leave or we—“
They went to the coat closet and got their coats and then walked outside. John slipped his hand inside of Sherlock's hand and smiled up at him. “I had fun tonight, really.” He stated softly. “Thank you.”
John took a calm breath as he closed his eyes, he opened them again and stared at Sherlock, daring him to make a move. “How long did it take until you fucked Brian?” John wasn’t going to ask, he really wasn’t. He didn’t want to ever know, but the fact that he went away for three days and Sherlock already got himself a boyfriend… He needed to know. Did he even mean anything to Sherlock? John couldn’t even be with anyone when Sherlock died and that was a year and a half into Sherlock's death. And now here Sherlock was moving on like John was just another fling.
Sherlock scoffed, now it was his turn to be the defensive one, “If you are suggesting I date you, while I am flattered by the idea, I will have to de—“
fuck you, Watson! *OMG ME FROM THE FUTURE AGAIN. MY FIRST JOKE OF THE CHAPTER.... CRIES. i mean they are in previous chapters but that's only because i put them in there once i edited the story. So cute.*
“And let me guess. He brought Cluedo?” That used to be their favourite game when they were teenagers, the nights they spent in the kitchen playing Cluedo through all hours of the night was too many times to count.
John waited all day, he was shaky and nervous and he felt like he was going to throw up… He had never done something so… so dangerous before!! It wasn’t even that dangerous in all honesty, but if he was wrong… Then he supposed it would be. At lunch it happened. He received a phone call and he practically screamed at the top of his lungs when he hung up. He ran to the grass and started doing cartwheels and flips and he would probably break his neck, but he was honestly too fucking excited to even care.
“And I promise that I will live forever and ever, unless, it means that dying is going to save your life…” He paused and took a deep breath. He watched as John’s hands were playing with his fingers and he added very quietly, so quietly he wasn’t sure if John even heard it. “Wanna know why…”
“We were just saying that if Brian and Sherlock were to fight.. Brian would win. We wanted your opinion.” He explained while the other players snickered and gave Brian arm punches.
John smirked, honestly ever since their talk he had a good feeling about his and Sherlock's future. “Well, you should! Now come on!”
Sherlock smiled a bit. “Alright, we can go tonight.” He replied. “But you don’t need to take me somewhere nice…”
“Yes, you could have, but no offense, love... your tea is shite.” He grinned and took a sip, enjoying the way it warmed his throat and body. Speaking of his throat, it was still a mess of blood, however, it had dried so it wasn’t make a mess over anything. He could clean it later because right now he was in desperate need of a cuppa.
“Go for it!” Sherlock spat bitterly, “you always say how the world will be a fucking better place without me. Well, father, here is your chance!!” He screamed as he threw his arms out to each side of him.
John looked up at Sherlock hoping he would tell him what the right thing to do was. Sherlock just stared at him. He supposed the right thing would be to wait… He was his father after all and by leaving Harry would be all alone with him, but John couldn’t stand to be in the room with this man any longer. All he wanted to do was to go home and take a shower, to wash all the bad memories away. “I want to leave…” He whispered and tore his eyes away from his unconscious dad. He watched as Mycroft nodded and then walked out of the house.
“Shhh, baby, it’s okay. John doesn’t hate you... Why don't you tell me how he’s not dead?” She smiled softly and ran a hand through his hair again. She wanted to avoid the topic of her illness and John seemed like the best option for that.
Sherlock kissed the top of his head and held him closer, “I don’t know what you are to me, John, but... thank you.” He whispered quietly.
to you because I feel like I have to. If I didn’t want this, I would have gone to the store and bought you flowers or something.” He took a breath, “No one has ever… done something like that for me and I can’t even begin to tell you how much better you make my life. I want this. I want you. And not because of your surprise, but because you’re John and there is no one else I want to experience this with. I didn’t even know I would ever want this until you came into my life, you’re special and one of a kind. Please. Have me.”
John smiled tightly and then ran towards the street and hailed a cab. He climbed in and had it take him to the place where he parked his car and then he went to his mansion. He walked through the doors and grinned slightly at the familiarity of it. As soon as he walked in though Mike practically ambushed him, “He’s in the basement. How’s Sherlock taking it?” He asked as they walked to John’s room so he could change.
One of the lesser ones, but still a joke nonetheless. ALRIGHT GUYS PLEASE PLEASE COMMENT BECAUSE COMMENTS FILL ME WITH JOY THAT NOTHING ELSE IN THIS LIFETIME OR UNIVERSE IS CAPABLE OF
John blinked, “you- what..?” He turned to look at Sherlock, who seemed to be wearing a smug look upon his face and that just made John narrow his eyes at him.
so if you like my story and have not KUDOS IT OR SUBSCRIBED! YOU SHOULD DO THAT!!!! Also i love hearing what you guys have to say more than anything... so please please comment!!
Sherlock smirked and then leaned in to kiss John again, this time the kiss was heated and hands were everywhere. John groaned slightly and Sherlock frowned a bit because it sounded like he was in pain, but there was also pleasure entwined with it. He looked him over really quick and then swallowed when he realised John had been shot, Sherlock slowed down his movements just a tad and then went down his body. He didn’t care if John had just walked into his flat because he wanted him, he wanted him more than he had ever wanted anything in his life. He quickly undid John’s button and fly to his trousers, reaching in and pulling him out as he moved the fabric down to his thighs, “I’ve missed you so much.” He breathed slightly as he gave him a few tugs and then his mouth was surrounding John. He realised he didn’t exactly ask permission, something they had always done, but Sherlock viewed sex as just another activity now and this was John. Of course he wanted him.
John moaned loudly as Sherlock's tightness surrounded him. He wasn’t even paying attention to Sherlock's face so he had no idea if he was hurting him… all he knew was that he really couldn’t stop even if he wanted to. It felt so good and he could barely think! His brain felt all fuzzy and this was really so much better than his left hand. God, he didn’t even know it could feel this good. He should have done this ages ago. He finally got all the way inside and stopped to take a few breaths. John really didn’t want to come already because that would be the most embarrassing thing in the history of embarrassing things. Even more embarrassing than fumbling with that stupid condom. He also wanted this to last and he knew Sherlock did too.
“You don’t have to go.” Sherlock’s voice said softly from behind him. “My mother finally stood up for herself and kicked him out yesterday. He won’t be back, John…”
also... fuck me sideways if you happen to live in London where it is no longer the first I will cry forever because I tried so hard, but I had things to do today.... if it is any consolation it is only 18:30 here so it's still your birthday where I live!
"Oi! Shut it!" John grumbled as he pulled his jumper and trousers on, while he was still on the floor.
John nodded once, then closed his eyes; he counted to ten, and then looked at Mycroft, “Alright. I’m calm.” He wasn’t really, not even in the slightest, however, he was a lot calmer than he had been ten seconds before.
“Charming words.” Sherlock drawled and rolled his eyes. “If you’re going to insult me, you can go.” He muttered slightly, but didn’t make a move to leave. Instead, staying on the stairs and listening to what Brian had to say.
"Sherl–" John coughed and groaned, "Sherl–" he took a deep breath. "Sherlock.... Don't... Please..." He managed. He knew it was stupid because Sherlock wasn't doing anything... He didn't have a choice in the matter. He was about to watch as his father killed the boy he loved. He hadn't even told him how he felt yet... It was too soon – all new. How the fuck did he even love him already? It had been four fucking days, but as he sat there on the ground… helplessly reaching out to try and save something he couldn’t, he knew it was true. He started to cry as he stared at Sherlock.
John nodded once and then just left the room. He was so stupid! He should have turned back once he realised what Sherlock was doing, but he didn’t. At least Sherlock had made a point to tell him he actually didn’t want to be rude, it was a welcome change to the way he had been treated this past month. Anxiety crept within him and he leaned against the wall and closed his eyes, he felt so awful that he didn’t tell Sherlock until just now and frankly everything just sucked. He was depressed and practically empty, but he never showed Sherlock that side of him because Sherlock had his own problems and he didn’t need John's on top of that. Not to mention John didn’t exactly want to open up and lay himself bare in front of the man that was cruel to him on most days. No, not all the depression he felt had to do with Sherlock, a lot actually had to do with the war, but still Sherlock was the cause of some of it.
John nodded and left the room. He showered and cleaned his body, it felt so amazing that he actually regretted waiting so long. Of course Sherlock would be fine! He was in a hospital surrounded by people that could help him if something were to go wrong. He smiled and let the water wash over him. He really did love showers, they always calmed him. Calming was something he really needed at the moment, even though Sherlock wasn’t in danger, John still felt the weight of the guilt pressing down on him. The shower helped that. John eventually got out and pulled his clothes on. He bought Sherlock his sandwich from one of the local shops they had visited before and then walked back into the room.
He watched as John gave his speech, and had to swallow back tears at the look of sheer hollowness on John’s face. He watched them lower his casket in the ground, and watched as Mycroft looked away. He watched as Claire and Zack tried to get John to leave, but after an hour of John not answering them they finally gave up and left. He watched as John stared at the pile of dirt for hours, waiting for him to do something, but doing nothing…
He sighed and scrubbed his face as he sat on his bed. God, he needed to shave, he paused his movements when his hand was covering his mouth and frowned. He suddenly remembered the bombardment of calls he had received and pulled his mobile out. They were all from Harry and that worried John a little bit, but surely she was fine. They were sort of close she probably just missed him and wondered where he had gone off too. If he was safe, he really should have told her previously that he was. He had nothing better to do so he called her back. He waited and waited and then it went to her voicemail. He sighed and set his mobile down. John flopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling, he felt like he was going through a midlife crisis and yet he was only seventeen… surely that couldn’t be good. After a few minutes he slowly picked up his mobile and tried again. It still went straight to her voicemail. That wasn’t like Harry… She almost always answered her mobile. He’d give it ten minutes before he called again. He decided to take a shower in the meantime, to try and take his mind off of today’s events. He stripped his clothes away and got in the shower, letting the water wash over him and drain all the emotions from the day away. Showers always seem to have a calming effect on him, and if he could he would stay in the shower forever, but right now he was worried and eager to call Harry again so he reluctantly got out of the shower and dried off. He got dressed and once again called Harry. When Harry didn’t answer he panicked. Something was definitely wrong here. He ran down the stairs and grabbed the first pair of keys he found.He knew there was a chance he was being extremely irrational, but he just had this sinking gut feeling.
Sherlock didn’t look up when he answered John, “I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days...” He paused and hesitated a bit as he looked at John finally, “Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
John swallowed and looked down, “Yes, I know it wasn’t.” He said firmly a small bite was laced to it, he tended to get a bit defensive about the subject. Of course Sherlock's time without him wasn’t easy, he didn’t need a reminder every single minute of every day. And besides that, he was the one trying in this fucking relationship, not Sherlock. “He was probably hurting just as bad as I was, but he won’t talk about it and he knows every single thing about what happened with me over those three years!” He took a shaky breath, “I know nothing. He won’t speak to me, he’s hiding things from me, and he’s not trying in this relationship. He tries sometimes, I can see it, but for the most part he just tries to push me away, and I’m trying so hard to be strong, but I don’t think I can hold out much longer.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but grabbed John and pulled him into a smothering hug, “Morning!  Are you hungry?”
“John.” Mycroft cooed softly. “I need you to stay with me and then you can go to sleep.” He said quietly as he put his hand on the boy’s forehead.
He didn’t mean it. John knew he didn’t mean it. Sherlock was just angry and he wasn’t good at worrying about other people’s feelings when he was feeling too many of his own. So John did what any good boyfriend would do… he remained silent and let Sherlock gather his thoughts, but he didn’t leave because he would never leave Sherlock, especially not when he was hurting like this. He just sat next to him and waited until Sherlock was ready.
Mycroft sighed, “you should just be lucky I didn’t do what I originally planned to do. Pretty sure if I had you would have killed me.”
“JOHN!!!” He screamed, “JOHN PLEASE!!!” being drugged when it was against your own will was rather tedious.
John thought in a daze. Sure it was a little embarrassing that Sherlock did know all of those things, but that was the least of his worries. Especially when even knowing these things, Sherlock didn’t seem bothered by it – or jeering.
“Is that the best you can do?” he laughed to himself, although he didn’t find this situation to be hilarious at all. It was more a laugh of fear and nervousness if anything. “Oh, that’s right. I forget your IQ happens to be lower than a snail’s.”
Mycroft hummed as he watched the woman dress John, “Anthea. She’s my assistant. Had to get one ever since Sherlock died, everything was just… too much.” He paused and turned his glare to John, “Speaking of. When were you going to tell me he’s alive? I didn’t know until I stripped your clothes. The necklace. You lost that the day of the funeral, made me look for it, for hours. You have it now. That leads me to believe one thing. I’m hurt you didn’t come to me with the news.” He hissed slightly, “which is why I’m deciding to go through with this plan. I was just going to wash your clothes and let you go, but I don’t think I can do that now.”
John gasped and his breathing stuttered. He didn’t realise how badly he wanted to be touched until Sherlock touched him, well he wasn’t even really touching him, but his prick was no longer being neglected and it felt glorious.
Two weeks had passed. Two weeks since the accident, two weeks since the rescue, and two weeks since John has been in a coma. The doctors had said that they finally got him to breathe on his own again, but despite all that, he had still fallen into a coma... John was hooked up to machines and there was even one that was making him breathe and Sherlock didn’t understand why he needed a machine to help him breathe if he could do it on his own! They just told him that it helped John out more and was there in case his body forgot how to do it, Sherlock didn’t argue because he needed John at the moment and if the doctor said it was best then he would listen. He wasn’t about to be kicked out of the room for something petty, even if he did think it was all stupid.
Sherlock waited. And waited. And waited. Soon class was half over and John was still not there. Sherlock knew that John wasn’t coming in, but he couldn’t understand why he felt worried... He took a quick glance back at Zack and he looked sad. Sherlock couldn’t understand why Zack would look sad... Unless… unless John had finally – no. he wouldn’t think about that. And really if that was the case Zack probably wouldn’t be here right now. He took a closer look and then took a sharp intake of breath as he realised they had a fight. That could explain why John wasn’t at school... He didn’t want to see Sherlock for one and if he and Zack had a fight he wouldn’t want to see Zack either... he just hoped John didn’t do something stupid... Sherlock worried about that every day.
He almost told John to forget about it, but he didn’t because it was the least he could do for practically outing John. He also got himself into this mess and it would be a dick move to back out now… and… he trusted John. “When I was six I liked this girl named Vanessa… I would watch her a lot, sounds creepy now that I say it, but I was young and awkward.”
John swallowed and ran his finger along the glass, not speaking for what felt like hours, but he did eventually answer her question, “My life is fucked up.”
John closed his eyes and wanted to pull away so badly, but he couldn’t. He needed to do this because it was his job, but it hurt so much. He hadn’t experienced this pain since he was three. He hated himself for it because he thought he closed off all feeling, but here he was. He didn’t want to hurt Sherlock and yet he had no other choice. He was getting too attached and he didn’t know what to do... He wanted to scream.
Mycroft gave him a glare to shut him up and then turned back to John who started talking again. “I was really scared because he was a powerful bunny and I didn’t want him to catch me! But after a while I sneezed and he heard me and told me to come out.” John snickered as he made his voice go unusually high at this next bit. “’I know you’re under there!! Come out!’” He went back to his normal voice. “The voice sounded so nice and so I came out and looked at the silver bunny! It told me that I shouldn’t be sleeping under things and then it wanted me to go eat with it! So I listened because it was such a nice bunny!” John gasped. “Cakeman!! Maybe I can marry the bunny one day! It was soooo nice!!”
“I wish we could tell people… I want people to know that you are taken. It makes me feel funny when people are always flirting with you...” He bristled slightly, and if he held John a little bit tighter neither one of them commented on it.
As darkness started to creep up John slowly pulled out his mobile and called Claire, he knew he wouldn’t be able to walk home, his legs would give out the second he stood up.
John blinked several times and then scribbled something down on a piece of paper. He slowly passed it to Sherlock and twiddled his thumbs while he waited.
Chemistry approached slowly, like it always did. Sherlock loved it and hated it at the same time. It seemed that every time he saw John he always looked a little bit worse. Sherlock hated that it was because he was the cause of it. He was the one who had broken John completely and utterly and what made it all the worse was when John hadn’t given up for at least a week. Nowadays, he just had a sad given up look on his face. Sherlock was almost positive he would be over it by now... He had underestimated the severity of the damage he had done with John. He knew that time would heal him and the thought of a happy John made Sherlock happy.
John just buried his face into her chest and wanted to cry, but nothing came out. And that made him angry because he hadn't cried once... He felt like by not crying it meant he didn't care, but he cared so much so he didn't understand. He just sighed and held onto her and eventually sleep claimed him. With the smell of Sherlock wafting through his mind, and Claire’s body against him sleep was easy. He could pretend it was Sherlock.
“No! It wasn’t! I would die a thousand times over if it meant I could save your life.” He said as he ran his fingers through John's wet hair. In all of his years of not caring he never thought he would be a cuddly person, but he loved cuddling with John. He especially loved his hands on John’s skin. This was the first time he got to touch John like this and it was bliss, even if the circumstances were not.
make perfect sense. It was like Sherlock's father had told him right before he killed him. John would look for the farthest thing from Sherlock when he was trying to move on. And a blonde, long haired woman with perky breasts was definitely the farthest thing from Sherlock. “Umm, yeah if you want to... just a Coke though – if that’s okay.”
John shook his head and then kissed her on the cheek. “Not today, Mum. I’m late for school and Mr. Picklewickle hates it when we are late,” he snickered to himself.
“I’m tired, Sherlock... go be with John for right now. I’m okay. Really.” She said softly, patting his hand some.
Sherlock glared at him slightly, “well, clearly you don’t! If I tell you something didn’t happen and there’s nothing to talk about, and you keep insisting there is, then it’s clear you don’t!” He huffed slightly.
“Yes... Yes, of course you can. Come on...” Zack tried to untangle himself from John, but John wasn’t letting go of him. He sighed and then decided to just pick him up and carry him to the couch. “You are heavy!” Zack grumbled as he dropped John onto the sofa, rougher than necessary. That little comment seemed to make John cry even harder than he already was, which seemed impossible for Zack, but apparently it wasn’t impossible at all. “I didn’t mean it! You’re as light as a feather!” He smiled down at John and yet John still cried. He was practically screaming and sobbing and Zack had absolutely no idea what to do or what was even wrong with John in the first place...
However, once he heard the soft click of a gun he knew that wasn't the case. John sniffled and slowly turned around to face his attacker. He didn't care that this man would probably kill him... He just wanted to take everything back that he did, but he knew he couldn't.
The feeling of fondness didn’t last long though, the nerves settled over John and he swallowed, looking at the back of the chair and at the top of Sherlock’s head. It was still as curly as ever and he managed a small smile at that. The chair looked completely out a place sitting in the middle of the floor like that, but he was the drama queen so he probably moved it from its original spot just to be more dramatic.
Sherlock growled, “We’ll get through it! Now, can we please not talk about that?” He snapped at his mother, walking further into the room.
“John...” He swallowed and shifted a bit. He was clearly uncomfortable, but John didn’t notice because he was too busy with his papers, they seemed to give him a purpose in life when nothing else would these days.
“What about me?” Sherlock asked slowly. So John wasn’t upset. He was grinning at Sherlock and asking him questions now, Sherlock really didn’t understand, and he hated not understanding things.
He sat in the back of the cab and scrubbed his face, Sherlock was literally going to be the death of him, but he was done. He couldn’t do it anymore, it was ruining his life and it was causing him to be miserable all the time. He loved Sherlock deeply, he knew that he always would, but there was only so much a man could take.
The cab that was taking Sherlock and John to wherever the hell they were going to eventually stopped. Sherlock looked over at John and smiled before paying the cabbie and climbing out.
Sherlock flopped on the bed and looked up at the ceiling, “Today was fun. We should go shopping all the time and buy you clothes and then you can look so cute when we go to school and I will have to force myself from jumping you because I find you so adorable and attractive and cute and you’re like a little fluffy hedgehog that I just want to hold in my arms!!” He squealed, really? Squealed? Since when did he do that? However, that didn’t last long before the bitterness set in, “Too bad somebody doesn’t want us to be exclusive,” He mumbled as he crossed his arms across his chest and began to sulk.
Moriarty’s face twitched and he glared at him, “Of course you don’t. You never do. Let me break it down for you. I want to die, but I don’t want to die until I have destroyed yours and John’s life. So before I die you must jump, or watch him die. I don’t really care which, but one must happen.” He spat out, continuing to glare at him. “I know what the outcome is going to be no matter the scenario you choose, so I don’t need to stay around to watch it. I just need to know that it
“That sounds so lovely, John. I’ll be sure to try it the next time I eat breakfast.” He watched as John’s face lit up like a Christmas tree. “Was the bunny mean? Did it hurt you?”
Instead of saying anything though he just remained silent, if whoever wanted to speak to them really wanted to speak, they could speak first.
Sherlock wanted to cry and that was really tedious because he currently had his mouth full. He wanted to cry because he finally had John right here with him and it felt so amazing and so
“No, I want to destroy John – and you, but not right away. No, John I just want to destroy immediately... there
John and Sherlock got all dressed up and ready to go. John smiled at Sherlock and kissed his cheek softly. “You look so handsome,” He smirked.
This couldn’t be happening to him!! John was going to die thinking that Sherlock hated him and it was all his fault! This whole thing was his fault! He crawled over to John and placed his mouth over John's and pinched his nose and he breathed...
“Mummy!! I have a friend who will be living with us!” Sherlock yelled once they managed to get back to his house.
anymore!!” he shouted, waving his opposite hand, that wasn’t holding John's hair, around like he was trying to do a magic trick.
ALSO COMMENT, KUDOS, SUBSCRIBE, FOLLOW, DO FUCKING NOTHING? idk i just like comments. i'm a comment whoreeeeeee.
Eventually the bell ran and John stood up abruptly, he grabbed his bags and supplies and started walking out the door until he heard his name being called. He closed his eyes and sighed as he turned around. “Yes, Alex?”
John poured the lube into his hand and then rubbed them back and forth to warm it up. “I’ve never done this before… so sorry if I’m rubbish.” He said softly and then gently pushed a finger into Sherlock.
John just let out a bitter laugh, “Sorry, for that… I honestly wasn’t expecting to say all that… it just came out, but I do feel a bit better.”
John clenched his jaw hard enough that he thought his teeth would break, he brought his hand back to hit him again, but Sherlock caught it. “John! He’s not worth it. Let’s go.”
