John from here, he always smelt so much more intense after rugby, which was a large part of why Sherlock loved it so much. He smelt like sweat, and adrenaline, and grass and John and
“Stop looking so smug. Oh by the way, I forgot to mention yesterday seeing as someone so thoroughly distracted me when I walked in the door…” More smirking, and the slight raising of one dark eyebrow. John clears his throat. “Yes, well. Anyway, Jake said yesterday we’re going to have a ‘Bring a Mate’ training session next week. I just wondered if, you know, uh-“ He brings one hand up to clasp the back of his neck, unusually awkward.
“Mmmphh-" Sherlock’s hands came up to grasp at John as he responded to the kiss, one going around the back of his head to tangle in his short, sweat-damp hair, the other clutching at the front of his shirt. After several moments, John pulled back, panting softly as he leant his forehead against Sherlock’s. He was still smiling, and Sherlock couldn’t help but return it. He licked his shining lips, and released John’s hair as he straightened up, slipping his hand down instead to hold John’s hip as he stood above him. He shivered, relishing the unusual disparity in their heights, and dropped his gaze to the front of John’s rugby shorts, where he could see that he was sporting the beginnings of an erection. He licked his lips again, greedily. God he loved those shorts. John smirked down at Sherlock, revelling in the way his breath was quickening, almost imperceptibly. Almost. But not to John.
John growled and in one motion stripped his dirty jersey off over his head and threw it across the room, before gripping Sherlock’s chin with one hand and kissing him thoroughly.
“God, Sherlock, what I do to you? Look at you, what did I do to deserve you, you gorgeous creature. Come here”.
Sherlock sits up and swings his legs down to the floor, bare toes flexing. “On the contrary, I actually quite enjoy rugby. It features a combination of tactical skill and out-and-out aggression that you find in few other sports; the opportunities for besting people one-on-one whilst still working as part of a larger team are plentiful, and it also requires being able being able to read people. I’m surprised that you are surprised in fact”. He flips a hand elegantly.
too short. John has never been so grateful to be shorter than Sherlock in his life. Whereas on John, the shorts come down to a couple of inches above the knee, on Sherlock at least half of his thighs are on display. John takes a moment to appreciate them – Sherlock is slender, but he still has excellent muscle definition, and a sparse covering of fine, dark hairs. John’s tongue darts out to wet his lips, forcing his eyes continue their downwards progression, and he barely contains a moan when he takes in the
Sherlock was moaning nearly continuously now, and grabbing at John’s arse to pull him more firmly against him whilst rocking his own hips up, desperately seeking friction. John pulled slightly away from his mouth to take that delectable bottom lip between his teeth, biting down just enough so that Sherlock was whimpering. God, John loved him like this, so needy and sensual. He was utterly breath-taking. John brought one hand from the back of the chair to cup Sherlock’s head, feeling his silky curls slip between his fingers, leaning forward once more to curl his tongue around Sherlock’s. They kissed frantically for a few more minutes before Sherlock dragged his mouth away, placing a hand on John’s chest –
“Fuck, John, I-“ He sounded wrecked. His eyes were squeezed shut as he shook his head, curls bobbing. “I- How do you do this to me? I, please, I need you…”
“Fucking.. hell.. Sherlock..” John can barely speak he’s so turned on, managing to just squeeze a word out on every exhale “You.. look.. incredible”
Sherlock is wearing one of John’s St Bart’s Medical School jerseys, the old-fashioned cotton style with a V-neck which exposes his long throat and a lovely amount of chest. It’s slightly loose on him - although his shoulders are broad he’s not as stocky as John (particularly John 10 years ago) and his waist is more tapered. He’s rolled the sleeves up to expose his forearms and somehow manages to make a faded old shirt look like a fashion statement. Fuck. John drags his gaze lower, to the shorts and oh
Suddenly, Sherlock jerked his head up and looked at him with huge, dark eyes, pupils blown wide. He panted as he stared directly into John’s eyes:
Sherlock flushes harder, properly pink now. It’s quite charming. He clears his throat, not particularly good at the sentiment bit yet, even now.
Sherlock wasn’t the only one with keen powers of observation (though he often forgot this) and John had noticed Sherlock’s dark eyes and elevated pulse rate the minute he stepped in the door in his kit. Not that he needed to notice anything – the effect his rugby kit had on Sherlock was well-known, all the better when he was muddy and sweaty along with it. They had made the delightful discovery just over a year ago last September, when John decided to go back to playing again, saying he needed to do some form of fitness other than chasing after serial killers - which was sporadic at best and not actually that good for muscle definition, as it turned out. But it turned out John’s cardio was better than expected for a man his age, so it was good for something at least. John sometimes wondered when he had started seeing silver linings in serial killings, and figured it was all Sherlock’s fault. Such was his life now.
Sherlock moans and grasps at his own legs, and John thrusts his entire length home in a single push.
Sherlock now had one arm thrown up over his face, drawing in shaking breaths and moaning in time with John’s thrusts, “Ah, ah, ah… Ohh… Yes, yes, yes…” like a mantra. At John’s words he slid his other hand down onto his stomach and grasped his own cock, but didn’t begin to stroke immediately, just held it loosely in his fist.
Sherlock’s orgasm hits him like a train and he throws his head back and wails, toes curling in his socks behind John’s head. His cock, completely untouched, spurts out long ropes of come and he’s folded in such a way that they land on his long pale throat and his own open mouth.
“Good. Well it’s next Tuesday so we’ll have to get you some boots and a gumshield over the weekend, but I’ve got plenty of kit upstairs, I’m sure some of it will fit – maybe have a rummage and see what you can find? If there’s nothing that suits we can pick some up. Anyway, got to shoot, see you later love”. John presses a swift kiss to Sherlock’s lips before grabbing his jacket and jogging down the stairs, leaving Sherlock deep in thought.
Sherlock just stares at John open mouthed as he pounds him, mouth open in a perfect “O”, little gasps of pleasure dropping out every so often, the sensations overwhelming. The position means John is fucking him deep, deeper than usual, hitting his prostate on nearly every stroke and Sherlock can already feel his orgasm coiling in his belly, his balls; even his toes are tingling.
“Fuck Sherlock, oh my god you feel incredible-“ John was gasping as he began to thrust in earnest, driving his powerful hips forward and silently thanking the power of endorphins for masking the ache that had been setting in after training.
John slips a hand down to trail his fingers over the smooth, endless expanse of Sherlock’s thigh. “You have no idea what you look like do you?”
“Powerful” John leans up to mouth at Sherlock’s ear, curling his tongue round his earlobe. “Fuckable”, He pulls it between his teeth to nibble on it gently, before he releases it and brushes his lips over the whorl of his ear, whispering directly into it with hot, damp breath:
Sherlock groaned and dragged a hand down John’s bare chest, nails scratching at his sweat and mud-streaked skin, loving the feel of the crisp curls of his sparse chest hair.
“Oh Sherlock…” John looks at him fondly, chuckling.  “I appreciate the sentiment, really. You are an all-consuming whirlwind, who also happens to be better than me at everything, and sometimes I do need space to remind myself that there is a world outside our bubble. But, there is no part of my life I don’t want you in”. He shakes his head and adds softly: “Idiot”.
Thought I would post this note as a chapter as I know a few people have it bookmarked, I will delete this "Note Chapter" eventually once everyone has found it.
John says nothing, just runs his hands over Sherlock’s bare arse before spreading him open slowly  and licking a hot, wet stripe from bottom to top. Sherlock makes a sound like “uhhk” and John knows he’s got his fist shoved in his mouth to stop himself crying out, and the thought of it sets John on fire. He gathers as much saliva into his mouth as possible and licks the same stripe again, and again, not focusing on any particular area, just getting Sherlock wet everywhere, feeling his hole fluttering under his tongue but not allowing himself to focus there just yet. He can feel his end-of-the-day stubble brushing against the delicate skin of Sherlock’s arse, and he rubs his face back and forth, roughing him up just a little and Sherlock gasps with delight. A few more passes with his tongue and he can feel him rocking back against him, pushing his arse against his face almost unconsciously, and he’s moaning, low and continuous.
“Fuck, Sherlock, you’re going to kill me” He moans between kisses. He grabs the lube from next to Sherlock’s hip and moves to coat his own fingers with it but Sherlock shakes his head, pulling his fingers out and grabbing the bottle from John.
“God, John, I’m close- I, Oh yes right there, oh GOD-“ As John thrust harder into him, sensing his (and his own) impending orgasm, Sherlock finally began to touch himself, his thumb and index finger forming a ring that he jerked quickly over the head of his leaking cock, whining now.
“You’re going to be the death of me Sherlock Holmes”. John shakes his head with amusement and gets off the bed with a groan. “Plus, we had a deal remember? I’m making pasta, and you’re going to eat some.”
“Christ Sherlock, between training and you last night I’m lucky I can move this morning.” He rubs his hands over his quads and glutes. Sherlock’s eyes remain closed as he lies there on his back, but he can’t stop the little smirk from creeping onto his face. John throws a pillow at him and he squawks.
Back in the present, Sherlock was reverently running both hands now up and down over the sides of John’s shorts, occasionally slipping a hand up to stroke at John’s belly underneath the jersey, feeling the definition of his abs and the tempting line of dark-blonde hair running down into the shorts. They also dropped down every now and then and ran from the back to the front of John’s thighs, feeling the power in his quads and hamstrings. John looked down, and saw that Sherlock was openly panting, and tenting his pyjama bottoms. Finally, he gripped the waistband at the front of John’s shorts and tugged insistently, and John sank down onto his lap, placing his arms on either side of his head on the back of the chair. Sherlock’s breath quickened further at that and he tilted his face up again, eyes burning with heat now, silently begging for another kiss. John dipped his face down and captured Sherlock’s mouth with his own, as he felt those elegant hands come up from his shorts to grasp at his biceps, firm and strong after a year of playing. Sherlock groaned as he did so, the first proper noise he had made since John had cut off his deduction a few minutes ago, and John revelled in it, not quite believing that he, John Watson was somehow fit enough to cause a devastatingly gorgeous man to
“Don’t be ridiculous John. You’re a much better shot than I am” he scoffs, in lieu of saying something romantic in return. John smiles, knowing that’s a close as he’ll get and not minding one bit. “Besides, I can’t really afford to get injured in my line of work, so I decided it was best not to take up playing properly. I’m also liable to keep ridiculous hours and get called off at a moment’s notice. I like rugby, but not as much as ‘The Work’. But I would… very much like to come to your training session with you”.
Sherlock chuckled, just a low rumble that barely left his chest. John’s delight was infectious. “Excellent. He seemed like an arrogant arse at the last game I attended. Seeing as you won’t let me tell everyone he’s cheating on his wife with the physio, I suppose this will have to do.”
. Sherlock has on a pair of navy and white striped knee socks, and instead of folding them as John would do he’s pulled them all the way up so they just come over his knees, and the result is that his legs look like they go on forever. He looks simultaneously strong and powerful, and yet innocent, almost
“God, look at you. Your legs are a crime Sherlock”. He slips one hand up behind Sherlock’s head and draws him down into a kiss, which starts off slow and sweet, but when they pull back after some moments they are both panting none the less. Sherlock leans his forehead against John’s.
John kissed each of his closed eyelids tenderly, listening to their gasping breaths in the silence of the kitchen, nothing but the brisk October wind audible from outside.
John grinned wickedly as he gave Sherlock what he wanted – he slipped a hand underneath the waistband of his shorts and into the tight lycra undershorts, gripping his hard cock and pulling it out as he pulled the shorts down, both pairs, just enough to tuck just under his balls, already heavy with lust. He released himself and let it all hang there, on display, and leaned forward on the table with his knuckles either side of Sherlock’s spread thighs with a predatory look on his face, eyes dark. Sherlock whimpered and felt his mouth start to water. He could
“I want to see you naked, apart from these socks. I want to feel them brushing against my skin.” John breathes. “Specifically, I want to feel them rubbing against my cheek when I’ve got you on your back with your legs over my shoulders and your knees up by your ears”.
“To get us something to clean up with. Sherlock, you are absolutely covered in come. I mean, you look incredible” John reaches a hand down and sweeps a finger through the come on Sherlock’s throat, before lifting it to his mouth and sucking, eyelashes fluttering. Sherlock’s breath catches and his eyes darken. “But that is going to start feeling really uncomfortable very soon. Besides, if I don’t get up now I’ll never move again”.
and he feels him give a little, just enough for John to feel the softness of him just inside, and he can’t stop himself moaning. He switches to firm, fast licks directly over his hole, and Sherlock cries out in ecstasy. The feeling of him is exquisite and obscene and John can’t get enough. Sherlock is quivering from head to toe and has brought one hand back, first to tangle in John’s hair, and then to grab his own arse, to hold himself further open for John. John can see his thighs twitching where they’re held in place by the shorts and he knows he wants nothing more than to spread his legs properly, but something about the way he is constrained is insanely hot. Now that Sherlock is holding himself on one side, John takes advantage of his free hand and lets it run down Sherlock’s left leg, starting at the top and working all the way down until he meets the socks and
“I know you could come like this love, but that’s not what I want tonight. Do you know what I want?” He licks the back of Sherlock’s neck above the collar of the shirt, tasting salt, and bites down gently.
“Stop being so melodramatic John, I ate yesterday morning. I have to go to the morgue today and I don’t want my brainwork impaired. Plus you know I’ll eat some of your porridge tomorrow morning”.
“Thanks for your help,” Lestrade chanced the expression of gratitude, and then looked to me with a smile, “Good to see you again, Dr. Watson. What’ve you been up to?”
John looked around him comically, as if searching for an invisible date. Upon seeing no one, he shrugged and shivered again, "Looks like."
Curt heard the other man hiss, and then groan. The engorged cock pressed onto the bed of his tongue. The crown pushed nicely past the entrance of his throat, cutting off his air.
Like the waves of the ocean, the tide and the power, Sherlock’s desirous attentions were as a force of nature. With one hand at the base of Curt’s neck, the other hand grabbed the short ponytail and pulled, tilting the other man’s head back at a dramatic angle. Sherlock kissed the shorter man’s throat, licked and bit.
He struggled to breathe. Had he been screaming? Cold sweat covered him, causing him to shiver despite the heat of the flat. His vision went cloudy. Tears? And then clarity.
He had the door open and we piled in, with me shutting the door and locking it behind us. Sherlock had paused and was very quiet. He seemed to be on high alert, as if something was wrong. I followed suit, alarmed.
“You got it,” and the woman proceeded to lay out his glass and pour with one hand, her phone in the other.
John was undeterred, though he found he had broken out into a cold sweat, “Tall. Dark hair. Nice… eyes.”
John stared at Sherlock, head tilted slightly in disbelief, as if changing the angle of the world would help him make sense of it. What made it all so difficult was the slurry of alcohol in his blood that was inhibiting adequate oxygen transfer in the higher processes of his brain matter. He didn’t even remember drinking, but he must have drank too much at some point. It was the only explanation.
“I would like to say it was simply to dismantle Moriarty’s network, but that would be doing you an incredible disservice.”
John’s eyes rounded like saucers when he saw the blonde musician rise into view. His straight, bleached blonde hair was a mess. His lips were wet and swollen. His chin was shiny with spittle and… and…
“Okay, that’s enough. My turn,” – big, dramatic inhale, silver-gold-green eyes shining – “I love you, too, John.”
“This! To get you to…” – Here, John faltered, struggled for the words that seemed to stall at the weird fear and anger that laced the ideas cropping up behind his eyes. He stuttered once, and then, “I dunno... to get you to shoot up again, get back into that life with him.”
John had no idea how Sherlock had done it, the deduction. He felt out of his depth. He looked right up at the building, saw curtains blowing out of a room on an upper story. The sixth floor? John’s jaw dropped a bit at that. He shot a befuddled gaze at the woman he now knew as Hoija.
John stared at the phone, going cold in an instant. He grabbed it, opened it, and held it to his ear. He had been instructed not to use names, “Is it you?”
John sucked in a deep breath and held it until his heart hammered and his fingers numbed. He pulled himself out of the memory with physical effort. He turned from the fire and let his attention land on the mobile phone that was perched on the in-table next to his chair.
Sherlock’s abdominals contracted sharply at the abrupt heat and suction, all thought obliterated as if a bomb had gone off in his mind palace.
Something passed over Sherlock’s features, as if he remembered something. John somehow knew what Sherlock was thinking, just with that one expression. Mycroft had told him about John’s hallucinations.
“C’mere, you great giraffe,” I quipped softly, tilting my face up to him. He looked flustered, hesitated an agonizing moment as he studied my expression. Abruptly, a tiny, unguarded smile hinted at the corners of his lips. He then lowered his mouth to mine. We both shared a soft smile before our first kiss set my heart on fire.
Sherlock did not react to the offered violence. His laser-like gaze simply accepted the fire from John’s glare. Sherlock seemed to consider him a moment before speaking.
“Please. Just… Can we just…” I heard myself saying close to his skin, like a prayer, “Pretend I’m not doing this.”
John brushed his pinky across Sherlock’s limp hand, skin moist and wrinkled from being wet for so long. He wrapped his hand firmly around Sherlock’s, giving the unresponsive hand a squeeze.
John was further surprised to see the same, overjoyed expression blossom on Curt’s face as he exclaimed, “Hudders!?”
John made an “mmm” sound behind his smile and just that sound made Sherlock blush deeper. He frowned and stood. He collected his cup of tea and John’s without a word, and hurried into the kitchen.
“Right. Thanks,” he said to himself, leaving his office to attend to the nervous young man in exam room two.
John stepped forward to close the distance between them. Sherlock unexpectedly took one step backwards, wordless. Sherlock’s nostrils flared, eyes widening minutely. It should have raised alarm bells for John, but he found Sherlock’s reticence only provoked his desire. He advanced on the taller man until Sherlock’s back was to the wall and they were toe to toe.
Though I was secretly famished, the idea of food was too much to consider at the moment. I felt unsure, off-kilter, but I would muscle through. Surely. I could do this.
The door opened, and the nurse came in. She immediately sensed the tension, saw the anger and tears on John, and Sherlock’s grave expression, “Give us a minute, please,” Sherlock managed, straightening to a standing position.
Sherlock slipped into a trance of memory, frustration building, “I thought I deleted it. I didn’t. I hid it, all of it, buried it,” – a harsh whisper, then, “Why didn’t I delete this?”
Sherlock stood straight and lean before him, the light from the winter sun playing across his face. His skin was flawless. He seemed to be waiting for John to say something or do something interesting. John took a deep breath, the smell of Sherlock filled his nasal passages, the branches of his lungs and the folds of his mind. He closed his eyes, “Miss you.”
In that very instant, 221B melted away into cataclysmic torrents, revealing a reddened sky and a sandstorm on a desert horizon. John had his hand fisted in the camouflage jacket of a tall, masculine figure, just now coming into sharp focus as if surfacing out of a memory. It was most definitely not Sherlock. His name was Shaun, and his dark brown hair was shorn close to the scalp.
to be precise. He squatted down, and reached out to touch his finding. It was the flat, turny thing from the head of the violin. He didn’t know the technical name for it. He squeezed it between his thumb and forefinger.
As for John and Sherlock, the Mystery of the Great Unnamable Thing had been solved. They became a cohesive unit once more. An ease returned between them that had been missing since the Reichenbach fall.
Curt kind of froze at that. He seemed to be seeing something Sherlock could not. Curt gave a single, sharp nod.
“Why? So you can warn me off of Curt Wild? I’m sure John was just super concerned,” Sherlock straightened from his stooping posture, “Tedious.”
“It is… It has become… the simplest thing,” Sherlock whispered, wanting to crush John to him but restraining himself. His grip moved from John’s hands to his upper arms.
Sherlock was nearly panting, nostrils flaring, eyes half-lidded, pupils dark and dilated in the midst of this filthy display. Appalling. He deliberately did not catch Curt as the man fell to his knees before him. He only stepped back and allowed him to drop.
“Stop it!” Sherlock startled himself as well as John, who had his face turned away, “I’m holding your hand. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere.”
John did not hide from Sherlock as he had initially wanted to do. Sherlock would have deduced the truth in short order. John’s bearing just would not be good enough to disguise the inner surge of curiosity and astonishment. He now waited in the common area of the flat, having heard the front door open and close. Too late to be anyone but Sherlock.
Inside his mind, oceans of luminescent water stripped the doors from the jams, stripped the wallpaper, and he was overcome. His body shuddered once, and strong. He shivered through a single, shaky breath.
John quickly interjected, fork still hung in the air between the plate and his mouth, “Her lab’s nearly an hour away. How long will her tests take?”
John seemed both sleepy and infatuated with Sherlock’s face. He had started a pattern of observation with such unabashed intensity and familiarity that a pink flush began to creep up Sherlock’s throat. John’s tiny smile grew as the seconds ticked by into minutes.
Curt was talking. Sherlock had missed some of it. As he surfaced, his awareness caught the tail end of a sentence.
John ignores Sherlock’s histrionics as he laces up his shoes, before standing with a groan, back cracking as he stretches.
“Evening” John calls out as he stumbles through the door of 221B. He dumps the bag of shopping on the side before flicking the kettle on, chucking a tea bag in a mug and going over to his armchair to collapse and wait for the water to boil. He tips his head back, eyes closed, allowing the tension of the working day to drain away. Sherlock isn’t in the lounge or kitchen but his coat is hanging up so he must be in. He very rarely goes anywhere without it.
With that, John stood up again and pulled Sherlock to his feet, who had a brief moment to look both bewildered and somewhat affronted before John picked him up, hands underneath him where thigh met buttock, cradling him. At this, Sherlock threw his head back and moaned with wild abandon, legs instinctively going around John’s waist. Distantly, John realised he’d never actually tried picking Sherlock up before. He was heavy, no mistake, being as tall as he was, but hours spent in the gym combined with adrenaline and arousal made John feel as if he could hold him forever. Instead, he turned round and stepped to the side of the microscope (he knew it wasn’t worth his life to touch that, no matter how good the sex was) and swept aside some of Sherlock’s notes and the abandoned tea cup, before depositing Sherlock onto the kitchen table and crowding close between his legs. Upon realising that John was not only holding him up, but with one hand only whilst he cleared the table, Sherlock practically wailed (John hoped for her sake that Mrs Hudson had the telly on very, very loud). The detective was flushing a furious red and clutching desperately at John’s hair, his blue dressing gown had slipped off one shoulder along with the neck of his t-shirt, exposing the hollows at the base of his lovely long throat, also mottled with the blush spreading down from his face.
He reluctantly places a final kiss directly over Sherlock’s hole, feeling him shudder, and sits back on his heels.
“I did think about it, when you joined the club, but-“ He shrugs. “I thought you might like one aspect of your life… without me in it”.
He thinks he’s getting an inkling of why Sherlock can’t get enough of him on training nights. He pushes himself up out of his armchair and takes the few steps until he’s stood in front of Sherlock. He reaches out to grasp his waist with both hands and tugs him close.
“John. I was in an optimal state of comfort for thinking”. He flings a pale hand dramatically across his face with a sigh. “How can I be expected to work in these conditions-”.
“Now John, uhhhn, please, I’m ready, fuck me…” As he spoke he grabbed the lube bottle with trembling fingers, poured some into his hand and hurriedly slathered it all over John’s cock.
“Christ Sherlock, I’ve never known as bossy a bottom as you” John pants as Sherlock coats his cock in a manner that’s perfunctory at best.
. Sherlock's long, lean thighs are being hugged tightly by a pair of navy lycra undershorts, and over the top are John’s old regiment shorts, heavy green cotton with the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers badge on the left side. But the best thing about the shorts, both pairs, is that they are far,
“Because Sherlock, I’m fairly certain it’s quite difficult to run around let alone concentrate with a raging hard-on.”
He somehow collapses to the side without crushing Sherlock, and they lie together in the afterglow, panting hard. After a few minutes John finds Sherlock’s hand between them and tangles their fingers together, giving them a brief squeeze before moving to get off the bed. Sherlock grips his hand tight.
It’s the urgent tone Sherlock uses when he’s going to come imminently, and John realises that he’s going to come completely untouched. The thought sends a swooping sensation through his stomach and he needs to see it happen. He thrusts just a little harder and clutches at Sherlock’s thighs.
He collapsed forward onto Sherlock, feeling his legs slip from either side of his waist and just hang off the edge of table, one arm coming up to stroke soothingly over his heaving back. He felt his softening cock slip out of Sherlock and a rush of warm come with it, and he felt an aftershock shudder through him as he thought about it dribbling down the crack of Sherlock’s arse, all over the table, onto the floor. He felt Sherlock shiver and moan weakly at the sensation too, his prick giving a small twitch against John’s stomach.
John grasps Sherlock’s thighs as he pistons his powerful hips, and Sherlock runs his hands reverently over his forearms before gripping his hands tightly. John turns his head to the side and bites down gently on the inside of Sherlock’s knee, the sock slightly damp with his sweat and he hears Sherlock’s breath catch. He looks up to see Sherlock gazing at him with a desperate look in his eyes.
just from touching his arms. He felt a tiny bit smug, but mostly just deliriously lucky. He licked into Sherlock’s mouth desperately, the tension suddenly rising exponentially, and began to rock his hips forward, pressing his now prominent erection into Sherlock’s belly.
After a few long moments he raised his head from Sherlock’s neck to look at him blearily. He was simply lying there with a small smile on his face, eyes closed, long lashes fanned out against his cheek as he continued to stroke his hand lazily up and down John’s flanks. It can’t have been a particularly comfortable position, his legs hanging down the way they were, the table pressed into his lower back, but it didn’t seem to bother him in the slightest, and John realised that Sherlock was in the blissed out state achieved only when he got exactly what he wanted.
John can’t wait any longer. He licks from Sherlock’s perineum upwards, following the same path but this time when he gets to his hole he points his tongue and just pushes
John begins to fuck him with hard, long strokes which push him back and forth on the bed, head moving up and down on the pillow. Sherlock’s knees are up by his collarbones and his calves are on John’s shoulders, and as he thrusts John turns his head to brush his cheek against the socks, first one side and then the other, and he groans delightedly.
He grabs John’s hand and tries to drag him towards the bedroom, forgetting the shorts holding his legs together and he very nearly stumbles and falls over. John bursts out laughing whilst Sherlock glares daggers at him. He strips the shorts off and chucks them at John’s head who dodges them, still giggling, and turns and saunters towards the bedroom. As he goes John reaches out and gives his delightful arse a slap, and Sherlock turns his head and gives him a filthy smirk over his shoulder.
“I’m not even going to ask how you know that, you mad genius. But yes, we were having a full contact run through at the end and I gave him an almighty hand-off and he went down on his arse like a ton of bricks. Felt incredible. I scored from it as well”.
“Fine.” John tries to shift out from underneath Sherlock, who winds his long fingers into the front of John’s shirt, grumbling. John firmly untwines his fingers and dumps his head unceremoniously (but gently) on to the sofa. “I have to go to work Sherlock”.
. John has no idea why the feeling of it is so arousing but it sends a bolt of lust straight to his gut and he moans against Sherlock’s arse, running his hand up and down and round Sherlock’s ankle as he continues to lick him steadily. He knows that he could make Sherlock come like this, potentially without even touching him, but he suddenly knows what he wants, no,
Sherlock says nothing, but clasps his hands together in his thinking pose, as close as he gets to acquiescence.
Sherlock sniffed haughtily. “Yes, well, at least I have the goods to back it up with. I am a ‘mad genius’ as you put it yourself. Not that it was a difficult leap to work out the particular reason for your good humour, considering that this time two-weeks’ ago you were grumbling about him spear tackling you during a non-contact game and that he needed taking down a peg or two. Although you felt the need to tell me, I had already deduced that you had scored, apparent from the particular spread of mud on your jersey, indicating sliding across the ground on your belly with the ball tucked under your left arm. The traces of white paint indicate that it was the try line. Your hand-"
Finally, he seemed to come around and blinked his silver-green eyes up at John, who had now propped himself up on his elbows and was staring down at him, slightly awestruck that he had this type of insane power over Sherlock Holmes. In a movement that seemed sudden compared to his previous stupor, Sherlock bent his head forwards and buried his nose directly into John’s armpit.
room, John realises. Probably looking for rugby kit. He wiggles further down into the cushions with a sigh and listens to the kettle boiling, allowing himself to doze a little.
John pushed open the door with his shoulder and dumped his kit and boot bags on the floor, cheerfully kicking them into their designated corner (Mrs Hudson didn’t approve but it was infinitely preferable to gunshots in the wallpaper and eyeballs in the microwave, so John was still the favourite and thus got away with it).
“Oh fuck, John-“  Sherlock wriggles around in John’s embrace desperately ‘til he’s facing him and captures his mouth in a frantic kiss, large hands on either side of John’s face.
” With a long drawn out cry Sherlock came, pulsing long hot streaks all over his t-shirt, one even landing on the exposed skin of his clavicle. At the sight of Sherlock’s perfect pink mouth open in a cry, the feel of his body clenching rhythmically, powerfully around his cock, the sight of his come spattering all over his heaving chest, John suddenly found himself right at the edge of release as well.
“God I love you, you insufferable prick” John murmured as he cut Sherlock off with a kiss, sliding his tongue directly into his open mouth.
“Jesus Sherlock, you’re so gorgeous like this, are you going to come like that? I’m so close, you’re getting me close,”
John shucked his trainers off (they joined the pile in the corner) and stepped across to Sherlock in his muddy rugby socks, grinning as he placed a kiss on his proffered lips, head tilting up as he sat on the kitchen chair.
The sight that greets John when he enters the bedroom a few minutes later, having hastily shoved the shopping into the fridge, nearly makes him come on the spot.
He looks over his shoulder as John gets to his feet, and he looks wrecked. His hair is slightly frizzy with sweat around his forehead, he’s bright red and his bottom lip is swollen where he’s been chewing on it desperately. John feels a tiny bit guilty, but it passes as he leans in to whisper in Sherlock’s ear:
John slipped his fingers out and grasped Sherlock’s hips, tipping them up slightly as Sherlock brought his long legs up once again around John’s waist, hooking his ankles together behind his back. John gripped his cock at the base and pressed the head against Sherlock’s twitching entrance, before suddenly sliding into the hilt with a hiss as Sherlock bore down and took him in, groaning aloud at the sensation, head dropping back.
John opens one eye blearily and looks over his shoulder to where Sherlock’s voice is coming from, by the door to the hall, and his mouth goes dry. He’s suddenly wide awake.
John found he also couldn’t wait another second, and grabbed the lube from the table where he’d left it, and coated the fingers of his left hand with military efficiency. As he slid the first finger into Sherlock’s tight heat, he pressed his body forward to kiss Sherlock messily, and their cocks brushed together causing them both to moan. Sherlock panted into his mouth; hot, damp little breaths as John fingered him, soon drawing the first out completely to add another alongside it. After a couple of minutes Sherlock was rocking his hips, pressing down against John’s fingers, trying desperately to get John deeper inside him.
Sherlock whimpers, knees buckling. John catches him round the waist and take some of his body weight, whilst turning Sherlock’s head with his hand and capturing his mouth again. Their tongues tangle together, open-mouthed kisses, hot and wet.
Sherlock stretches out luxuriously and crosses one ankle over the other, somehow managing to look imperious whilst covered from navel to chin in drying come, wearing nothing but a pair of old rugby socks.
“Exactly” Sherlock rumbled, that blissed out smile still plastered on his face “My dear Watson, that is exactly the point”.
“Damn right I do, lucky for you. Don’t know what other poor bastard would put up with you. Now give me those incredible legs of yours.”
Sherlock is lying spread out on the bed, naked apart from the long striped socks, dark curls fanned out on the pillow. His right leg is stretched out on the bed, his left hand holding his bent left leg, spreading  himself wide open. And with the middle finger of his right hand, he’s steadily fingering himself. His eyes are closed, brows ever so slightly furrowed in concentration, the little line between them appearing that John loves so much, and his mouth is hanging open. When he hears John enter the room he opens his eyes and stares at him hungrily, pupils big and black. He’s panting with effort and arousal.
"Ah... Must be on a job..." The urge to find out what that meant welled up inside her but she shoved it back down.
Whew, I'm sorry for taking so long to get this chapter out. I've been so busy this year, I haven't really been able to adhere to my writing schedule as much as I would've liked. Honestly, I might not be back to finish this story until next month, but I wanted to get this out before I move later this week. The very last chapter is going to be an epilogue that goes more in-depth into Sherlock's feelings and a few years into the future. Please look forward to it! As always, thank you for your support!
It was on Hamish's seventeenth celebration that the young man who looked very much like his father did at that age, came to the conclusion that he knew exactly who he would marry. It was odd - no, incredibly silly - of him not to have noticed before how absolutely beautiful she was, especially since they'd grown up together. Perhaps it was the confident smile on her face or the regal blue dress she was wearing for the occasion, but as far as Hamish was aware, she was the only young woman in the room.
"Stunning as always. But I would recommend wearing something a little more commonplace when you begin working, but today is just a tour." Moriarty reasoned, offering his arm. Jane took it with a raised eyebrow.
"She's doing better now. Most of the blisters are gone. She says it's due to the lavender which she has been applying generously every twenty minutes or so. It's rather remarkable, actually." Mary murmured thoughtfully. She paused, shaking her head as if to dislodge her distracted thoughts from her mind. "Oh, I wanted to thank you for defending Jane from Moriarty. Most people probably would've just let it continue and it wasn't really my place to... correct... his behavior."
John, the little prince in question, hurried next to the volumes of his mother's skirt, holding onto some of the fabric to stay close. It was his favorite dress for his mother to wear. It was made of velvet and the soft texture was always soothing to him. He followed her as she strode regally to the front steps of the palace just beyond the second courtyard. She was gazing off towards the stairs of the first courtyard, expecting someone to come up those steps, he was sure.
"I suppose it would surprise you to know that I do, in fact, feel differently on the matter. I am not at all opposed to joining you in the kitchen, just as long as you don't expect me to work."
"Are you sure about this, Jane?" he asked quietly and she gave one quiet nod in assurance. He pulled his jacket off and tossed it on the floor, kissing her once more but this time more confidently, Jane kissed back, a little surprised at his change in demeanor. He carefully slipped her overdress off and took in the sight of her. "I meant to tell you earlier... you're beautiful."
"Oh, that... apparently our lack of sex is common knowledge around the village and he was kind enough to inform me of that..." Jane murmured bitterly, face a little red. Sherlock's shoulders visibly stiffened and his ears were now very obviously bright red.
"Mama! Sherlock bit me!" John bellowed when he finally found his mother in the library. Amanda looked up and blinked in shock.
"Yes, I believe she does. She doesn't judge me despite seeing my ability to deduce firsthand and she's incredibly supportive. Without her help, I would probably still be in the forest with a sprained ankle, dead or dying."
It had felt a little uncomfortable to be stripped clean of all the secrets of their pathetic marriage, but Jane was grateful that Mycroft had chosen to only talk quietly about it with her and not announce it to the dinner table.
"I was looking for some mold to do experiments with and I happened to sprain my ankle." Sherlock muttered, glancing at Jane. "And consequently, my wrist as well." Jane found herself staring at him in disbelief. He was covering for her? That was unexpected, to say the least. Maybe he wasn't a complete prick after all.
The thought of marriage had always daunted him until now, but considering marrying Jane, he realized why. Marriage to a normal woman would be monotonous and tedious. He would have to listen to his prospective wife go on about subjects that he had no interest in, like clothing or some other nonsense. And while he supposed that was still a possibility with Jane, he had come to the conclusion that almost every conversation they had had together, whether mundane or not, he hadn't been bored. Still, he couldn't imagine they would be terribly close after the wedding. Jane would still want her freedom and Sherlock would still wish for his space. But that didn't change how mutually beneficial it would be for the both of them, as Jane had pointed out. He'd be free from the torture of a mundane marriage, and she would be free of Moriarty's advances as well as have her future well insured with his wealth. He fell asleep comfortably at the thought that Jane wasn't angered by his rashness and strangely comforted by her presence.
“That’s the 'Get Out of Jail Free' card, right?” John retorted with a smirk. “To ensure that angry mobs don’t come pounding on your door, accusing you of lying to them?”
"Probably not. I very much doubt that I have the ability to have children with him..." She whispered sadly, wrapping her arms around herself. The thought had never occurred to her before, but as miraculous as it was that she had found herself two hundred in the past with a woman's body, she didn't dare to hope that it retained all the functions that any normal female body would have. Sure, she got periods, but that didn't necessarily mean she had any sort of fertility. Molly saw Jane's expression and hugged her best friend.
"I didn't imply that she wasn't..." he mumbled, sighing. "Don't you have some shopping to do or something? Stop hitting and chiding me and go do that." With a giggle, Virginia Holmes guided Jane back to the carriage. Jane glanced over her shoulder and raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, mouthing 'William?' She was only met by a glare as he closed the carriage door.
"If it's not too much trouble, yes. I suppose I should've told you that we are hosting it sooner, but it more often than not slips my mind... which is part of the reason why my parties are usually the worst in the family..."
The only trouble with the plan of finding an occupation was that John wasn't exactly sure what he could do that could help provide food on their table. Pointing out this important detail caused Molly to go into a recluse state of thought for well over two hours as she considered what options Jane had. She did not want to turn Jane out of her home, though an added boost to their income was greatly required. And Jane working in Molly's father's stable was not an option simply because the stable was not large enough to warrant two workers and her father was not well off enough to provide salary for two even if it had been.
"At the next song we should dance!" Molly suggested enthusiastically. Jane glanced out among the dancers, she'd hired on a dance tutor so that at her next social gathering, she didn't look like a fool, but the dancing that was taking place here, she didn't recognize at all. It was unrefined, free, wild even. Ladies twirled about, skirts floating through the air and men skipped and leapt, uninhibited by normal social convention. The song ended and everyone let out cheers, clapping for the band. Molly took off her shoes and placed them to the side and Jane hesitantly did the same. Three lovely ladies stood at the foot of the stage and Molly tugged Jane along as had been her custom this evening.
"What can I say, I'm monogamous now." John murmured, thumb running across the wedding band that now hung around his neck.
“There are many secrets about you, Mrs. Holmes, and I very much doubt that I will ever know the truth behind them, but don’t you think that you should at least tell them to the man you love?” Moriarty asked quietly. “Everyone deserves a shot at happiness, Jane, that includes you. And Sherlock’s definition of happiness might be more closely aligned with yours than you realize.”
"Molly, I'm not sure how to dance like this..." Jane admitted, swallowing thickly. She could feel eyes on her and it made her feel uneasy.
"Sherlock doesn't mind. Do you, Sherlock?" John pleaded, daring himself to face his unsettling companion. She looked up from the ground once again and shook her head before moving to sit on the grass under a tree not too far off from where they'd be practicing, once again finding interest in the soil in front of her. John looked at Mike and shrugged.
"What an idiot... to leave you in this state." he murmured, and she began sobbing into his chest in earnest. After she was finished crying, she pulled back, regret filling her features.
"Oh, Sherlock, and Dr. Watson, it's a pleasure to meet you, young lady." A woman, obviously Sherlock's mother came out from the front door and approached them with a bright grin. "I hear that you rescued my boy yesterday. I can't thank you enough."
"I... got you something too." Sherlock's eyebrows quirked upwards and he stared at her in disbelief.
"You shouldn't be fondling Ms. Watson as you try and help her." Sherlock said strictly. Jim only chuckled.
"Oh, no, it is. But your manners are far worse than mine." Jane smirked and Sherlock actually chuckled before becoming serious once more.
John’s eyes went steely and incredulous at once, “Getting myself into dangerous situations? That was all you!”
I froze at this, marveled at the hitches in his breaths. His lips were at the shell of my ear: “I can’t,” Sherlock said in a low, tight voice.
Despite the mute discomfiture, their need to remain in eachother’s lives was as strong as ever. Much to John’s chagrin, their attachment had become almost one of desperation. It was most evident during those times between cases when Sherlock was unoccupied with the Work, when he and John just happened to be at 221B in simultaneous doldrums.
No, he didn’t know why Arthur would have committed suicide. He hadn’t known him personally. Not really.
Sherlock had been shorter than usual with him, and seemed even more uncharacteristically flustered than he had the day before. He just seemed Off, aggravated and full to bursting with a palpable energy. Curt thought he would either get shocked or burned if he got too close. It was somewhat worrisome to be around.
And so it begins. And it would be awkward, and there would be pain, but the sum of it all would be good. No, not good. It would be bloody
John had many first kisses. Some better than others, of course, but they all shared similar qualities. Warm. Sexual. Thrilling.
I licked my lips before placing both my hands at his flanks, sliding them down and around his lower back. I pulled us together, from navel to thigh.
Sherlock gulped air and whispered in various languages, angry, rough, degrading phrases that turned Curt inside out, painfully hard as he was in the confines of his jeans. His prick was so hard and needy that it hurt. And He Loved It.
“OH…. OH, GOD,” John hissed, dropping the covers and stoppering his groan with the side of his fist.
I felt the hairs on my neck stand, and looked to Sherlock just in time to see that he had been watching me. I cleared my throat and rolled up on my toes and then back on my heels, eager for a change in subject.
Sherlock sank to his knees in front of John, and pulled him close. His long arm wrapped around John in a tight ring, fingers digging into the jacket. Sherlock buried his nose into the hair behind John’s ear, and closed his eyes. John’s tears were silent, and he shook.
Mycroft’s gaze went steely. If looks could kill, Sherlock would have been pushing daisies then and there.
Sherlock peeked up through his lashes, hearing the warmth in John’s voice. He met the doctor’s navy blue eyes, glittering with affection.
Sherlock turned to look at John, lid to the kettle in his hand, “You came back to kick Curt out of our flat?”
The unexpected sound of rapid gunfire and explosions made ice run through his arteries where molten lava had once burned.
“Right. Well,” he clapped his hands together dramatically. I could not help but be charmed by his post-case euphoria. “I am famished. Will you join me?”
Sherlock almost refused out of principle, but the unblinking skepticism and wonder in his friend’s eyes kept his cynicism at bay. It filled him with uncomfortable sentiment.
John had not expected it to sound so serious when said aloud, as if he had just confessed to murder. His voice was barely above a whisper as he studied Sherlock’s face, “I had sex… with a man… a few times.”
John reached out to let his palm hover over the scars. Sherlock sensed the movement, stilled, waited.
John stood there in the living room, staring at his flatmate who sat in his black leather chair. At least Curt was seated in the client’s chair and not John’s.
Sherlock shook his head once as if to deny this statement, as if to discharge himself from the moment.
Sherlock stopped, approached the car when it, too, came to a stop. Sherlock peered inside, cataloguing every detail about his brother he could. Mycroft was always very careful to eliminate any signs of what he’d been doing. Therein lay his weakness. His habits of concealment were too deliberate.
A chapter in which John experiences A FUCKING LOT, Mycroft gets caught ogling Lestrade, and Sherlock may just... LOSE HIS MIND... because of the feels.
How presumptuous this guy was being! John didn’t need “liquid courage”. No, that’s not why he was here. What did the stranger know about it? Nothing. Not a damned thing!
He unlocked the door and let himself in, taking in a breath to call out to Mrs. Hudson. The beautiful spring light made the foyer look enchanted. Golden motes danced in the air.
Sherlock pivoted to watch his friend’s retreating back, feeling briefly off-kilter. The door slammed, and it made Sherlock jump.
He opened his eyes, looked around the room quickly, desperate for clues that this was a dream. Reality swam like a corona about his skull.
“John, he’s not here,” Sherlock stood, putting his phone away. He stalked into the kitchen to start a kettle. John obviously needed tea.
In the parlor, there were a few small pieces John had missed. One disembodied tuning peg lay on the floor, hidden by a pile of magazines. Next to it lay a folded note that had been waiting inside the body of the violin. On the paper, in a black, spidery script, it said:
“Sherlock,” John gasped in a hushed voice as he dashed up the stairs in a matter of three seconds. He whirled around the banister and climbed until the bright, happy rectangle of the parlor’s open door came into view. The music stopped.
“Is Mycroft gay?” John asked, suppressing the smile that begged to appear on his face. He folded his arms across his chest, a twinkle in his eyes.
He realized a bit late that his jaw had dropped, and he promptly swallowed it closed. A hard bulb of terror and thrill stuck in the cricoid rings of his trachea. There grew a gravid expanse of possibility between himself and his best friend.
Sherlock left the nondescript office with the file under his arm, and headed to Bart’s to retrieve the pendant and the results of the experiments that he had let progress.
"Don't be like that, Sherlock. I'm going to let you borrow my clothes. I'm fairly certain we're at the point of using Christian names." It was only then that Jane realized that she'd heard the last name Holmes before. She froze, swallowing thickly, turning to look at Sherlock nervously.
It was after maybe fifteen minutes of strolling aimlessly through the trees when something odd happened again. It must’ve been his imagination, because John let out a surprised yelp when he felt a hand on his waist. He turned and to his surprise, nothing was there and the sensation of touch on his waist vanished. With an irritated noise, John soldiered on, more ready than ever for this bizarre night to be over.
"Well, yeah... no one's ever said anything remotely like that to me before." One of his fingers delved inside her and he smirked when she let out a soft moan.
Jane had close to a million questions to ask the man and the silence seemed to be unbearable. She couldn’t resist asking the question that prey hardest on her mind.
"What are you even doing with a dress like this?" Jane asked, examining the volumes of fabric with intrigue.
"Hey, Mrs. Hudson, can I ask you to repeat me?" she cooed, brushing a strand of hair out of the old woman's face. "It's time for tea?"
He broke the kiss suddenly, falling back into the pillows with a soft sigh. Jane looked down at him with a quirked eyebrow.
"I'll have it after the duel, digestion slows me down." Sherlock dismissed, rubbing his eyes as he continued to wake up. Jane watched him curiously, raising an eyebrow.
“Sir, that dress is reserved for a lady who will be in to purchase it later today!” the tailor protested.
Sherlock let out a remark about the autumn rain and grumbled the other half of his complaint. Despite it only being about a mile and a half away, it took nearly an hour to get to Reichenbach Manor because of Sherlock's ankle but soon they were at the proud oak doors of Moriarty's estate. Jane knocked politely and continued to support Sherlock, arm wrapped around his waist. They were both completely drenched from the onslaught of raindrops that had bombarded them on their unsavory adventure, shivering from the cold which seemed to even permeate their bones.
"That was awful." he groaned, looking down at the wound with surprise. "That being said, I don't think I've ever seen stitches like this and so straight." he admired as she gently dabbed it clean with a fresh cloth dipped in a mixture of water and whiskey.
"Convinced is a little strong, but, yes... I did." Jane headed out to the ballroom and Sherlock followed behind her curiously. She vanished behind the Christmas Tree for a moment before returning with a long, thin package, handing it to Sherlock and brushing her bangs out of her face awkwardly.
"Mmm... I want you inside me..." Jane moaned almost shyly, fingers finding their natural place in the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck.
"Congratulations, Molly," she said excitedly, wondering if, in a few months time, she'd be helping her friend deliver the child.
The sun had set by the time they reached Sherlock’s estate. Lights were on in every room and the place seemed to have an unfamiliar bustle about it. Guests had always been uncommon in this home, and yet, tonight the entire manor seemed to be filled to the brim with people who had come to celebrate the soon-to-be union of Ms. Irene Adler and Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
"I... I would give anything to have made sure that that never happened to you... I know that my apology is worth nothing, but I would still like to offer it..." Sherlock said guiltily, looking down at the floor.
“I don’t really believe in fortune telling.” John said flatly, on the fence about whether or not to shrug this sight-for-sore-eyes off his arm.
"I would shake your hand, Mrs. Holmes, but I imagine you'd prefer I didn't at the moment," Sebastian said bashfully. Jane nodded her agreement, not wanting to imagine where his hands had been or what they had been doing. Frankly, she was sure it would be a miracle if she made it out of this situation without a permanent blush on her face.
Mr. Moriarty and Lieutenant Sebastian Moran continued their secret romance. Whenever Moran was stationed anywhere, Jane and Sherlock would see a lot more of James Moriarty. This made Sherlock often prickly and Moriarty would shoot the man a knowing smirk whenever they had tea together and Sherlock's hands would rest protectively over his wife. Jane found their dynamic amusing and Sherlock would often pout about it.
He kissed her tenderly as his mind continued to dizzy him with sensations of pleasure and she pliantly returned the kiss, letting out a content sigh. Exhaustion from the party as well as their latest activities hit them hard and Jane let out a quiet yawn.
"I know, but I don't like her. She's terrifying! All she does is sit there like a doll." John ranted haughtily, waving his arms about to further demonstrate his point. His mother gave him a long pointed stare and his shoulders sank. "I know I haven't treated her very nicely. And I know you want us to get married in the future... But I don't think that I can."
“Mr. Holmes, may I speak to you away from Ms. Watson?” Ms. Adler hissed, trying her best to keep up the appearances of propriety.
"Dr. Watson." He greeted, offering her a glass of champagne that he'd scooped up for her during his determined trek to her.
"Our last doctor insisted that Molly lay in bed until gives birth," he explained and Jane raised an eyebrow to prompt further details from him. "After a fortnight, she threw a chair at him and he has since declined to offer his services to us."
“It’s fine.” He assured, standing up and once more limping towards the door. “Have a good day… er, what was your name?”
"Mr. Moriarty has informed me that you're trying to win back Mr. Holmes' affection,"  she admitted, grinning. "I will do my best to help you. But first things first, let's get you dressed for the party."
His searches turned up nothing and John returned to bed, sitting and staring wearily into the moonlit room he was staying in.
"No, of course not. That wouldn't help you at all. I merely sprained it. It will be fine in four to six days depending on how much you use it." Jane dismissed, batting her hand with a small chuckle. She lifted her skirts a bit to adjust the multiple layers of fabric as she crouched down to examine his foot.
"Of course, darling, come in. What is causing you distress?" his mother replied, smiling brightly as he entered the room. "You haven't been home in over a week, when I heard that you were at Reichenbach Manor with a twisted ankle, it took your father to convince me not to send a carriage to fetch you."
I'm not really going to do chapter summaries anymore because they take time to come up with Netflix-esque cliff notes when you're going to be reading the chapter anyways. So enjoy.
“Hey, C-Captain?” Bill asked in a voice an octave higher than usual and John looked up from his clumsy hands to Bill’s pleading eyes. “When you g-get out of this place and you f-find a pretty girl to settle down with, give her a k-kiss for me, would you?”
"I highly doubt that. There's very little you could do to actually provide me with the assistance I require." Jane rolled her eyes at the man's remark, offering her hand to shake.
“So, which of your whiles did you use to seduce him?” Moriarty asked with a playful smile, sidestepping until he was next to her.
"I happen to know the route like the back of my hand." Sherlock defended with a chuckle, taking her hand in his own and helping her down the stairs to the front door.
“And a drinking problem,” Jane answered with a nod. “Same-sex marriages aren’t that uncommon in the future…”
The ride took a long thirty minutes but finally they arrived at an elegant manor on some equally elegant grounds. John was amazed by the landscape and the architecture. They certainly didn't build houses like this anymore where he was from. He followed Mary inside, looking around at the expensive furniture and painted masterpieces that adorned every room they passed.
"People, obviously." he muttered with a sigh. "I may find conversation to be lacking in all regards and people to be an annoying inconvenience but from a distance, people are fascinating. If I could go through my life, observing, never having to be seen to spoken to, I think I would like that. They all lead such intricate lives. They all have something that's important to them. Perhaps that's the reason I find them so painfully irritating when approached with conversation. They all have something to look forward to, some goal, or something they treasure. I don't have anything like that. I was born into enormous fortune and as such, I've never wanted for anything, I've never truly valued anything I have because it was something I was naturally entitled to. I am without ambition, without compassion, or tribulation. It's easy for me to close everyone out.
As it turned out, the reason Jane hadn't seen Mary Morstan around since her return was that she had married a young man by the name of Alexander Waltz and was living happily in London with him. They had apparently been friends since childhood. It was a relief to know that she was probably living a good life. Every once in a while, Jane and Mary would exchange letters, but their correspondence was few and far between.
“I… am not the person you think I am…” Jane began with a deep breath. “Four years ago, Jane Watson didn’t exist… I didn’t exist… not here in this time, anyway.”
He nodded and John resumed staring out the window while she did paper work. She gently touched his shoulder when she was done but John hardly noticed, standing and following her out the door without so much as a goodbye to the ranger. He was quiet in the car for the first hour of the drive until Harry insisted that he explain everything.
"Holmes... look at me." Sherlock did as he was told and was greeted, to his surprise, with a gentle kiss. It was not entirely broken when Jane spoke again. "I'm sure that that won't be the case."
"I would very much like to meet her and see if that’s possible." Jane agreed, taking a bite of the bread.
Curiosity prompted him to run his hands over his new body. He hadn’t really taken the time to explore it yesterday. The skin was soft though it wasn’t quite the same as touching a woman like he naively expected it to be; more like touching himself. The breasts were soft and sensitive, the brisk morning air had turned his nipples into small, hard pebbles. His hips were wider, of course, and so very smooth. And the juncture between his legs, the folds were softer than velvet.
"Sherlock Ho-Ah!" The moment Jane's small but slender fingers wrapped around Sherlock's hand she smirked, making a quick motion that resulted in a jolt of pain shooting up his arm. He grasped his wrist with his other hand, cradling the appendage close to his chest. "What was that? Did you just break my arm?!"
All the air was suddenly pressed out of John as the strings of the fabric contraption were pulled taut. His hands went to his chest, trying to relax as Ms. Hooper continued to tighten the garment until she seemed satisfied with the appearance of the lady who had invaded her stables in nothing but what she perceived as a nightdress.
The estate looked the same and it made her heart swell with hope. Slowly, she raised her hand and knocked on the door. It was a moment before she heard a familiar voice: Mrs. Hudson.
He carefully maneuvered her onto her back, lips trailing upwards, planting kisses all over her body. He always seemed to pause at the scar, but it wasn't that he was uncomfortable with the distorted tissue, that concern had been demolished weeks ago the moment he pressed one of his reverent kisses to it. It always amazed her how he could make the part of her body that she hated the most feel like it was just another beautiful feature on her.
"How? That shouldn't have gotten out..." Sherlock moved to kneel in front of her. "I'm sorry. It's my fault... I should've made sure that the staff understood the parameters of our marriage."
"There's a pattern between both times that I 'time traveled'... Blue moon, foggy night, just at sunrise. If I stand next to that tree again... I am sure I'll at least have a shot at going back.
“Ladies and gentlemen, friends and people whom I’ve never met before… guests, I’d like to take a moment to thank you all for attending my party. I realize that as your host, I have neglected my duties. Up till now, few have seen me this evening, and I must admit honestly that was by my own design.” Sherlock paused and whispers flooded the room before he cleared his throat and everyone hushed to hear what else he had to say. “The truth is that I haven’t been in a celebratory mood for the past two years, as some of you close to me may have noticed. My demeanor and behavior… they have been repulsive and reclusive. I confess, without my wife to keep me in check, to make me a better man, I have treated everyone around me harshly. Some of you are here because, despite my atrocious treatment of our friendship, you still care for me. Know that your friendship has not been wasted on me, and I will try my best from now on to honor our friendships the way you honor me. Some of you couldn’t tolerate it and are only here today out of sake for propriety and I frankly don’t blame you, I was monstrous. To you, I give the most sincerest apology I am capable of, I truly am sorry for all the disrespect and cruelty I supplied you. The rest of you are here for the sake of Ms. Adler and I admittedly don’t have a great deal to say in regards to any of you, other than the fact that Ms. Adler is a very fortunate woman indeed to have so many friends.”
Molly smirked at Jane as Mr. Sherlock Holmes left the premises of their humble abode, raising an eyebrow at her quizzically.
Fun fact, this is the chapter that inspired the whole fic, it's also the reason that "inspired my music" is in my tags. This is also the chapter that gives our story its explicit rating. ;) I know that last chapter was pretty dull, at least, I can assume that by how little response I've gotten for it. It was mostly for setting up things in later chapters that I felt needed to be set up now.
He would glance behind his shoulder to see if she was still trailing behind him and each time he looked at her it sent a chill down his spine. She was the scariest girl he'd ever seen. He didn't even know that girls could be scary. One thing was sure in his mind though, he definitely had to figure out a way to convince his mother to break off the marriage agreement. He couldn't marry such a scary girl.
"Sherlock!" she called into the house, reassuringly squeezing Mrs. Hudson's hand. It took only a few seconds before Sherlock appeared from the parlor, a rather surprised expression on his face when he saw her.
"I hate to admit it, but yes, I did," Jane confessed with a sigh and Moriarty let out a little chuckle.
"Alright. Fine. This Christmas party will be the best your family has ever seen." Jane agreed, rolling her eyes and crossing her arms. Anything was better than sitting around reading another book she'd already read, again.
"My life. It's so... messy. I've lost many friends. I have no fortune, no career. No future..." Jane sighed heavily, clenching her fists.
"It does seem that way, doesn't it?" she hummed, leaning forward and reaching for her husband's hand. He indulged her.
Sherlock supposed she had every right to seek her revenge however she pleased, though he had never expected her to be so forward about it. He reasoned that he should be grateful that to get back at him for his poor judgement, she only chose to make his cheeks flush. She could, after all, do much worse to him.
Suddenly the breeze picked up and seemed to swirl around him, rustling the leaves on the holly tree and ground alike and sending an intense and unsettling chill down his spine. He could've sworn he heard the faintest resemblance of his name once more as the golden fog thickened and devoured him until he couldn't even see his hand in front of his face. And then in an instant, it had cleared, leaving him staring at a warm, friendly sunrise. He looked around the area and felt nothing but pure confusion.
"Begin!" exclaimed the salt-and-pepper man and the two men clashed so quickly it looked like lightning. Sherlock was on the defensive as Moriarty continuously tried to land a blow, Sherlock parrying each time. Finally, Sherlock decided to feint and it caused Moriarty to jump back in avoidance of the blow that never came. Now, it was Sherlock who was on the offensive, backing Moriarty up into a tree. Sherlock was able to land a clean slice on Moriarty's cheek but it only seemed to aggravate the shorter brunette. Moriarty kicked some of the dirt he was standing on up towards Sherlock's face and stunned him, lunging ferociously towards his opponent.
"Why were you surprised? I don't consider you to be a nuisance, which is admittedly the closest thing I've ever come to giving anyone a compliment." At that Jane started snickering a bit and it only took a few seconds for Sherlock to join in.
"Alright... I try." he agreed slowly. His mother's words made no sense to him, but he figured he could at least reassure her.
"I'm sorry you had to see that. I wasn't expecting a visit from you." Jim explained with a sympathetic expression. "I trust you came to discuss something?"
And call on Mary Morstan they did. They went to a small piece of land that had on its plot a home much more elegant than that of Molly's home or her parents'. John drank in the surroundings, eyes flickering over the lovely still-life paintings that adorned the walls. He was rather shocked by just how widely different Molly's life was in comparison to this "friend" of hers.
"No, no, no! I swear, I'm not. It's just so adorable how much you care!" Jane assured, swatting away his hands as he tried to playfully pinch her sides again.
"Really, Jane? You're not just saying that to make me feel better, are you?" Molly asked, hope glistening in her eyes as she perked up.
The sharp pain of a bullet ripping through his shoulder was not like any pain John had been accustomed to in his relatively easy life. With a cry of agony, John dropped Murray who didn’t even yelp when he hit the ground.
“Are you going to come pounding on my door if I lie to you?” She inquired flirtatiously and his eyes widened a little before they both chuckled.
The man certainly knew how to effortlessly get her heart pounding. She realized that he had one arm underneath her, wrapped almost protectively around her, and his other hand was resting seemingly affectionately on her barely protruding stomach. It was adorable, and with the sun peeking through the window behind him and giving his unruly curls a halo-like glow, he looked like an angel. How could any one man look so bloody gorgeous?
"Please, Jane, it's not like I'm going to hunch my shoulders and demand your firstborn child." Moriarty chuckled, shaking his head. "Can't it just be a gift?"
"I'm smart enough to know that despite being in the other room you heard the conversation. The walls here are too thin." Jane sighed softly, crossing her arms. "You have questions, no doubt."
Jane still hardly saw Sherlock when he actually managed to be home but she found that he didn't go out of his way to avoid her anymore which made her feel better about the whole situation between them, whatever it was.
"Jane, I insist. Sitting cooped up in this house, dwelling on the past is not healthy for you. Besides, I have just the career in mind." he promised, giving her a reassuring smile. "Now, I must be off, I have to go speak with a man about a dog. Think happy thoughts, Mrs. Holmes."
The next spring, the Holmes and Lestrade families were officially united. Molly took a great deal of pleasure in being able to officially call Jane family; Jane felt the same. The young couple bought a small estate not far from Baskerville and both families would visit them often. And Sherlock and Jane knew it wouldn't be too much longer before Harriet would grow up at leave them too.
The next morning, Molly had tried to insist that Jane stay home to recover a little longer. But the weather was clear and Jane was in high spirits from yesterday's adventure, and, most importantly, not showing any signs of fever or pneumonia. When Jane insisted on going to work, Molly could only hesitantly agree to let her go after receiving plenty of assurance that should anything change in her condition, Molly would be called upon immediately.
"The servants won't let me help. I am used to doing sutures, not cross-stitch, and it's not proper for noble women to have occupations, I need something to do around here. Anything."
It was finally that day. The day before the blue moon and John could hardly wait. He took the trip early and spent the day in town, making sure he had everything he needed. He was determined, this time to give Sherlock the whole truth about him, and hope that it wouldn't be something that Sherlock had minded. He had a bag and inside was a dress he'd sewn himself to dress in once he was back, his mobile which he'd pulled the battery out of to make it survive longer, and a few pictures of him growing up and going into the army.
"You've already given me a place to stay, I couldn't ask you to do that for me." she protested and he shook his head.
"You think that's what I care about? This could've been much worse, you absolute moron." Jane growled at him before sighing heavily. "If you weren't injured already, I'd smack you."
"Good morning, Jane." he greeted, voice rough from sleep and deeper than usual. It was a delicious sound.
Virginia and Wolfson seemed to be a decent pair of people and Jane felt she had learned a great deal about the both of them during her day preparing for the wedding with Sherlock. Virginia attempted to be the best mother she could be with a trio of what she referred to as 'terrifyingly intelligent' children. And when evening came, Virginia insisted that her future daughter-in-law join them for dinner. Jane couldn't really see herself in a position to decline so she agreed, wondering if she would get to know her mysterious father-in-law to be during the meal.
"Of course. You may have been gone for two years, but you're still Sherlock's wife. All we need to do is remind him of that." Jane was honestly shocked by the determination in Moriarty's voice. It was hard to believe he was going to be doing this with no ulterior motive, but if Moriarty was right and somewhere inside him Sherlock wanted her back, she was willing to throw at least a little caution to the wind.
"Well, you could ask her to dance." Jane reasoned and he pondered it for a moment. "After all, propriety dictates that she dance with you at least once this evening. Now, stop staring at her like a puppy after some scraps and go ask her." With that she gently pushed him in the direction of his newfound affection and returned to her husband's side.
"Well, I did actually require a surgeon this morning. I lost a duel, I'm ashamed to admit. I am doing well, though. Dr. Watson stitched me up in such a way I have never seen. I'm told that the likelihood of infection is low and that I should recover quickly if I take plenty of time to rest."
"Jane... I'm - I'm so sorry that I lost the duel." Sherlock murmured, wincing as Jane wrapped the strip of ripped fabric around his wound and then pulled it tight to apply pressure and stop the bleeding.
"Of course, Mrs. Holmes," he said agreeably, sympathy easy to see in his eyes. "You rest. I'll unhitch the horses. I hope you feel well soon."
The other ladies joined in, singing in harmony with one another and guided the song into the pre-chorus. Suddenly the song was less about adventure and more about being bound to home. The conflicting views of the singers were disorienting, but somehow it spoke volumes to the discontentment Jane was feeling in regards to her own life. She couldn't be sure if she agreed completely with Molly's plan to chase after Sherlock, but it would be nice to at least see more of him, to return to the blossoming friendship they had before their nuptials.
“And who is ‘Clara?’” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, glancing down at Jane. “That would’ve been my sister’s former wife.”
"Not at all. I understand that there are a multitude more steps for you getting dressed than for me." Sherlock assured, guiding Jane out of her house and into the carriage. When they were both settled and on their way, Jane spoke.
She knocked twice before entering the study, finding Mr. Moriarty standing in front of a bookcase, observing all the titles as if he hadn't read all of the books on the shelves already. He turned to look at Jane, not at all disturbed or perturbed to see Jane covered in Holmes blood.
Once Moriarty had left Jane tentatively made her way upstairs to her bedroom. In a hidden bottom of her nightstand drawer was the satchel she had prepared that contained traces of the life she lived before Sherlock and the Regency era. She took it and slung it over her shoulder with a deep breath.
"Alright, then a favor for the way I acted when you were last in my house?" she paused, watching him carefully.
“Those aren’t real tarot cards!” He replied, unable to stop his grin from growing along with hers. Her cheery attitude seemed to be infectious.
"Most ladies I've ever talked to all think you're very handsome." Jane murmured, rubbing her thumb over his sharp cheekbone.
Molly had plans for them though, and she made sure to tell Jane about it as soon as there was an option to go through with them.
"A bad one." John retorted and she stuck her hand in the water and splashed him, causing him to chuckle.
"Perhaps under normal circumstances, no, but our marriage has never been broadly defined as normal by anyone." Sherlock murmured quietly, fiddling with the ring on his finger.
John pulled the door open and stepped once more onto the street. He let out a heavy sigh, noticing immediately absence of the incense and an immediate drop in his mood now that he had separated himself from Sarah’s contagious cheery attitude.
"J-Jane!" he moaned her name loudly, fingers seeking out her hair. The sensation was unfamiliar to him and yet he found himself enjoying it completely. "I... oh, god!"
"Something really terrible happened to her, and the rest of her family for that matter." she explained, bringing John to sit on her lap. "It was a horrifying thing for her and she's trying her very best to figure out if she's allowed to still be herself."
"With all due respect, mother, you did not. I simply came because I haven't had the opportunity to meet Sherlock's bride." A sweet melodic laugh came from Euros and she playfully swatted at her brother's shoulder.
“Not that I can tell, but I do get so bored of looking at right hands all the time.” She replied and John found himself laughing once more. “Hmm, you do have unique hand patterns though…”
“Excuse me, Ms. Watson, but we've hardly met. I am surprised at your whimsical addressing of my Christian name.” Molly said firmly with a blush as John exposed his newfound chest to her. “Allow me to help you with the stay...”
"Sherlock! Welcome. My goodness, Ms. Morstan wasn't kidding when she said the two of you looked like you had been through a hurricane."
"Were it that I could tell you, I would Molly... But I don't know how to even begin to explain it." Jane admitted, frowning. Lestrade slowly approached, gently resting his hand on Molly's arm.
"She has no family to speak of, and no fortune as well." Sherlock admitted, using his most dismissive tone in hope that it would also convince them that the fact that she was an orphan with no money was not important. It wasn’t important to him, why should it be for them?
"Yeah. Of course." Jane answered, smoothing out the fabric on her lap and sitting up straight. Sherlock slowly entered, closing the door behind him and approaching her. "Nervous much?"
"Alright. Can you walk to your room if Mr. Lestrade and I help you there? I need to get that arm of yours stitched up."
"I heard that you were at Mr. Holmes estate earlier this week. You assisted Mrs. Hudson?" Lestrade questioned curiously. Jane nodded.
“What if the truth scares him away..?” This question came in hardly more than a hushed whimper and had they been anywhere near the hustle and bustle of the town, or even Moriarty’s main house on the estate, he was sure he wouldn’t have heard it. His features softened and he lifted her chin to meet her eye.
He got dressed, shrugged on his coat and crept his way downstairs and out of the inn as quietly as his limp and cane would allow. Once he was free of the small town at his back and safely hidden behind a thick layer of trees, he relaxed again, mind once more drifting to that voice.
"Hello." Jane greeted nervously. That's what she was afraid of; letting Virginia down. "Who is this?"
Finally all of the extend Holmes had gone to bed in their guest rooms and Jane was picking up dishes with Mrs. Hudson. The housekeeper only allowed it because Jane gave her the excuse 'It's Christmas.' Sherlock was leaning against the wall in the dining room, eyes following Jane keenly.
"Come on, princess. Let's go." he muttered, trudging off to the training yard with her following behind almost numbly.
"You say the strangest expressions, Ms. Watson." his tone surprised her quite a bit. She had expected criticism but instead found only something akin to awe.
John woke with a start, chest heaving and face covered in sweat. His hand flew to the scar on his left shoulder, a dull ache accompanying the touch. His breathing slowly returned to normal, though he was still panting as if he couldn’t seem to get any quality air to calm himself. With a miserable whimper, he went limp on the bed, staring up at the ceiling dismally.
Wolfguard had left earlier that morning, cutting off any hope of him changing his mind and taking his daughter back to wherever they had come from. John and Mike weren't about to let it get them down, though.
Molly and Jane joined hands and spun around as a chorus in an unfamiliar language left her uplifted yet dizzy. The next verse continued on simply enough as the first, with one minor difference, one of the singers had pulled a pair of spoons out of seemingly nowhere and proceeded to bump them together, causing a beat to rattle out of them.
She spent a great deal of the evening milling through the crowd, speaking to everyone but leaving her absence a general mystery. She could feel Sherlock's eyes on her but since he didn't seem willing to talk with her any longer than he already had, she simply chose to act as if she hadn't noticed.
"Well..." Sherlock hesitated once again and when he saw Jane open her mouth to once again pull information from him, he explained quickly. "If either of us win the duel, assuming Moriarty wins and you reject him, he will be expecting us to marry..."
"How many years do you think we have left?" she wondered seriously. He kissed along her jaw lovingly.
"There you are. I was considering forming a search party to go find you." Ms. Hooper said, standing from her kneeling position and brushing the dust off of her apron. "The stew is almost ready. You must be quite famished."
"Oh, thank goodness." Mary breathed a sigh of relief. "I know you must be tired after taking care of Mr. Holmes, but Mr. Moriarty wanted to see you as soon as possible."
"No, no, deary. I have the carriage waiting outside. Mr. Holmes insisted I take it." Mrs. Hudson explained, giving a small curtsy in thanks before making her way out, shooting her a fond smile before she closed the door behind her, leaving Jane alone with her thoughts.
Mostly, he was determined to be optimistic. He needed to believe that one day, he'd return to Sherlock and let him know that his feelings were returned wholeheartedly.
"I suppose the marriage is off then..." Sherlock said, unable to completely mask the disappointment in his eyes at the prospect.
"It's not your fault; you couldn't have known, not with the way I shut everyone out... Anyways... it's kind of obvious by the fact that I'm here, that I couldn't do it... But the place that I had chosen... Something about that place... it's hard to explain... but it's like magic... One moment it was late autumn... the next it was early spring... My surroundings weren't the only thing that had changed. I had changed... It's going to sound ridiculous... but I was a woman. Breasts, vagina, the whole nine yards."
"Hey, Jane." It had felt weird at first to refer to her brother by this name, but whatever hesitations she had vanished when she noticed that he'd stopped flinching, and seemed a little more comfortable in his own skin. He'd been right when he said that it would help him.
"What do you mean?" he questioned with narrowed eyes. He could tell there was something that his mother wasn't telling him. She paused a moment, looking over him as if considering something.
"I thought you said you'd never shag another man again." Harry mused with a smirk, remembering one of his drunken complaints from uni.
The laid like that for a while, tangled together and kissing lazily. Eventually, Sherlock pulled out of her and she drifted off to sleep some time after that.
"Um... may I come in?" Sherlock asked shyly, voice a little higher than usual, probably from nervousness she reasoned.
Jane's heart stopped a moment as she looked between the two of them. Fiancee. She supposed it made sense. Sherlock's wife had been missing for two years. She put on a forced smile. It felt like a stab to the heart, but she was a decent enough person to not muck up Sherlock's new relationship. The man didn't give his heart out easily, after all, so whoever this woman was, she must be special to him.
This was the second time in her life that she never expected to hear those words from this wonderful, eccentric man and yet here they were, Sherlock confessing his heart to her once more despite now knowing the truth behind her past and Jane found herself breathless as if that confession and the force of honesty behind it had knocked the wind out of her. For a moment, Jane’s mind panicked that Sherlock and the Regency era would melt away again and she would find herself back in her own time as the person she no longer felt that she was… but a minute passed and the sensation of Sherlock’s hand desperately holding her own didn’t disappear.
"Which is why your eyes are filled with loneliness, right?" She teased but she looked saddened. John bit his lip.
“And you’re a man?” this question was so quiet Jane almost didn’t hear it despite only being a few feet away.
He had forgotten what it felt like to be respected, truly respected, as a Captain and a Doctor, as a comrade and a friend. Bonds were forged with bloodshed that John had not found anything like in the civilian world. War had taught John to treasure every day like it was his last, because in an area of such high conflict, it very well could be.
"You sound as if I'm done." he countered, voice thick with lust. He pulled her closer to him and settled between her legs, sliding inside of her with a quiet moan. Jane let out a moan to match, legs wrapping around Sherlock's waist.
Gregory Lestrade had become a frequent visitor since January though Jane rarely saw anything of him, and she was fairly certain that Sherlock saw him even less. His true design in visiting their home was Molly and it was easy to tell. They'd only converse for ten to fifteen minutes at a time but Molly would always come away from her conversations with Lestrade in a good mood.
"I'll have to thank this Dr. Watson. He sounds like an extraordinarily skilled man of medicine." Virginia mused, looking over Sherlock as if trying to piece together where Sherlock had been injured.
He looked up at the sky. Despite the thick, low clouds that surrounded him on all fronts, he could see the light of the moon. It wasn't as bright as usual but instead had a vaguely blue hue to it. He supposed it could just be from the distortion the fog brought, but a part of him that he had thought died on the battlefield, the more adventurous part of him, desperately wanted to believe it was a blue moon. The more solemn side of him that he had become intimately acquainted with in the last year couldn't help but agree that a blue moon would be pretty amazing. After all, the chance to shoot yourself during a blue moon only happens, well, once in a blue moon.
"As I said before, it's your office. Courtesy of your husband. A place where you can ply your trade as a physician. There's even an operating table in the next room, along with fully stocked medicinal cabinets." Moriarty answered, opening the door and nudging Jane inside to examine the next room.
"You aren't showing any disturbance to the sight of blood..." Sherlock observed with raised eyebrows.
"Thank you, Mr. Lestrade." Jane gave a nod before gazing at his wife once more. "What have I missed?"
"What could you possibly d-ah!" Sherlock jumped in surprise as Jane grabbed his arse before leaving the room. "Ms. Watson!"
"Now that I look at you, you are practically glowing, Molly." she with a smirk. "Did something happen with you last night?"
“I’m very much aware of that, Sherlock, but if you would give me a moment to explain myself further, I could at least try to prove to you I am a woman now,” she growled, a little irritated with the way this conversation appeared to be going. “I’m with child.”
"... What do you do for work?" She inquired curiously, deciding that if Sherlock was being truthful, there was no reason to continue to drag on that depressing topic.
"If there's anything I can do for you, anything at all, just let me know, dear." the old woman said sweetly, offering Jane a smile that she only reserved for Sherlock usually.
All of her plans were plotted and she was ready to make the first step. She considered which aspect would probably take the longest and came to the conclusion that if she wanted a lot of baubles she should probably commission a glass-blower first. She decided to go to London for her shopping, knowing her tiny little town of Baskerville could hardly satiate the desires of her Christmas spirit.
"I trust you wanted to discuss something, Jane. Allow me to freshen up, and I'll give you my apologies and my undivided attention." Moriarty said in quite possibly the most formal tone Jane had ever heard from him.
"Is this a scheme to get me to open up?" he said, but there was no venom in his voice, instead there was just some sort of contentment lining it.
And with that, Jane left the room, quickly exiting the house. Sherlock didn't follow after her, and he had no reason to, not with his fiancee in the room. He had a new life and once she was a good distance away, she crouched down by the side of the road and cried harder than she had the day she disappeared. Her accidental trip back to the future had cost her the man of her dreams. She didn't know what to do or where to go. And it'd be damn near impossible to calculate the next blue moon and foggy weather with the current technology.
After a few weeks of not having Holmes home at all, finally, he returned without notice in what seemed to be a very good mood. Jane had been reading in the parlor, inclined not to go out since it was November, freezing, and she now had the limp back almost constantly. Sherlock paused when he spotted her as she stood from her chair to greet him.
The violin was playing merrily and had been for... since about when she started talking to Moriarty. Than she remembered who was playing that violin. Her eyes shot towards the stage where she found Sherlock watching her keenly, playing the fiddle in his hands effortlessly, perhaps even mindlessly. It certainly didn't seem like he was paying the song any actual mind at this point, all of his attention appeared to be elsewhere.
"I suppose it would spare me from having to marry a woman I do not find interesting for my mother's sake."
"Jane..." he softly moaned, kissing her passionately as he started to form a rhythm with his hips. Jane was immediately lost in all the sensations of her husband, kissing him back with a desire to be enveloped by him.
It was fifteen minutes after Sherlock had arrived down in the garden before Moriarty finally showed up, dressed in a white shirt, black trousers, and a cocky smirk.
"It's rather sad... but she seems to like me, which is all that I could want from becoming her mother."
"Oh, Janey. I'm so sorry. Are you alright? Never mind, that's a stupid question." Molly looked at Jane sympathetically, holding her hand and giving it a soothing squeeze.
“Well, I wasn't decent, so I thought I would hide someplace until it got dark and then I would sneak out and go home...” Ms. Watson explained, biting her lip.
Molly had a hand mirror on the nightstand and John took a moment to look at himself. It surprised him how natural this unfamiliar face seemed to be to him. There were features that still rang true of his own face. The forehead was still broad, covered with a layer of blonde bangs that framed his face rather well, he felt. His nose was still round at the end, short and stubby. The jaw was rounder now, but still held the approximate shape it had when he was himself.
"Yes..." Sherlock's mouth dragged the word on, almost making it sound like he was posing a question. He was, in fact, it was just silent. Why are we having small talk? Jane could practically hear it ringing in her ears even though he hadn't spoken more than a single word. Or perhaps the question was 'why are we talking at all?'
"Why is that?" Sherlock was quiet for a moment as he considered his options. What would be most effective to get him to stop molesting her in the future? Jane was a woman worthy of respect, and he intended to make sure that even Moriarty respected her from now on.
Ms. Adler’s smile fell once again and she glared before retreating to talk to some other more welcome guest.
“Guilty as charged. But they got you to smile, so I’d say they did their job.” She confessed with a chuckle, setting the cards to the side. “To be honest, my palm reading is a little more genuine.”
"I can't believe I'm having this talk with you. Shut up!" Harry giggled and John actually joined in for a moment. After a moment there was silence and Harry looked down at the mug in her lap. "Did this mysterious man you married have a name?"
"I'm not sure that's the best idea, Prince John." Lestrade answered seriously. "That would exclude your guest."
"No, actually, the burns are fine. Well, as fine as they can be." Sherlock nodded, considering something. Whatever it was he hadn’t said it yet, instead his eyes were locked on the darker skin tissue on her left shoulder.
"Well, you're in luck because you've got the best surgeon in the whole of the world guiding you to your bedroom right now." Jane said flatly, starting to guide him along.
"Well, if it would make you feel more productive, you can certainly move your cushion next to mine and read with me." Sherlock muttered, not looking up from his book. Jane was about to start laughing but then she realized he was being serious. She sighed softly and moved her cushion next to his, glancing over at the pages. It was nice to feel a little less useless.
"Harry, hello." John greeted good-naturedly, shaking his head as if he'd been deep in thought. "Need to use the loo?"
He gave a nod, hesitantly pulling away and putting socially acceptable space between them before opening the door and wincing at the shrieking and yowling cat-like sounds that were coming from Moriarty’s throat as he continued with an unwanted encore featuring another wildly inappropriate composition for the crowd forced to listen due to the laws of propriety.
"Well, it's just a weird memory I have that I'd forgotten about popped up in my mind when you said that and it got me wondering if there's more truth to that statement than either of us realize." she confessed, brushing his hair out of his face with her fingers.
“Let me bother you with one more question, Ms. Hooper.” He said finally as they walked up a path to a quaint home, beginning to feel like he was suffocating and not because of the unfamiliar clothing. “What year is this?”
“Oh my!” She whispered, looking at the woman dressed only in undergarments. “I apologize for shouting. You startled me...” she looked away with a bright blush tinting her cheeks. “Don't you have any clothes...?”
"Is she?" he asked seriously, like he hadn't noticed. Perhaps he hadn't. Beauty was never really something he had paid much mind to, now that Jane was thinking about it. "I don't care about that. All that matters to me, is you. Perhaps that's difficult for you to believe, especially now that I know the truth about you, but I do love you, Jane. That's never going to change. I wasn't marrying Adler because I felt anything for her. I felt nothing towards her, honestly. I was just doing it in hopes that it would appease my mother. Sort of foolish of me, looking back on it... as if marrying that woman would make my mother worry any less about me."
The first two days were quiet, but on the third day Mrs. Hudson came in and Jane examined her reaction times and deftness with her hands to ensure that there had been no lasting brain damage from the stroke. She passed all of Jane's simple exams with flying colors and seemed rather happy to be in the younger woman's company once more.
"Tell that to my bitemark." John grumbled, rubbing at it gently. He shook his head. "She's nothing like that."
“I don’t want to, James,” Jane stated firmly, arms crossed over her chest as she huffed in frustration. Moriarty knew from the use of his Christian name how very serious Jane was being. She had never once called him by his first name and while he derived a small bit of pride in the fact that Jane felt close enough to him as a friend to call him such, he was also wise enough to take her concerns seriously.
"Yes. I think that that covers everything I wanted to talk to you about." Jim said, closing his book and starting to make his way to his study. "If you need to find me, I shall be in my study."
"So funny I forgot to laugh." Jane grumbled, rubbing the sleep from her eyes, and letting out a small yawn. Sherlock smiled softly, digging a straw spill out from the bedside table and poking the dim embers in the fireplace until the tip caught fire before lighting the candles by the bed. "You're dressed."
In his dreams, the smell of gunpowder was palpable and the sweat that gleamed off his forehead was a blessed reminder that he was alive and well under the intense heat of an Afghan sun. His veins sang with the heady high of adrenaline and it never mattered that his hands were usually covered in blood; he was in his element.
"Where did you learn medicine, may I inquire? I cannot think of a single university that would be interested in educating a woman, never mind excusing your violent tenancies."
"Oh, come on. It's not that outrageous. After all, we're fiances, and not only that, but we don't even have to touch. I'll even sleep on top of the covers so no one has grounds to be accusatory."
"Jane, you have become the most important person in my life since then. I never used to care what anyone thought of me, and I still particularly don't, but you are the exception. Your smile has become the staple of my day, your laugh, my greatest desire... your voice, my source of inspiration, and your touch has become something so important to me that I feel like I'm suffocating if I'm apart from you for too long." His thumb brushed against her wedding band and a gentle, reminiscent smile appeared on his lips. "I was so sure that stories of love and romance had it wrong, that it was a trick of the mind or perhaps just how infatuation worked at first, that those things wouldn't last, but I was wrong. This is so much more than infatuation, I've known you were different from the very first moment that I saw you and to call it infatuation would be an insult to what I feel for you... Jane, nine days from now, is our wedding anniversary and yet, I cannot think of a better time than now to tell you how I feel..." The sun started peeking over the treetops, making the fog glow gold. "Jane Holmes, with all that I am I love you, ardently."
“The Virginia Hotel,” Sherlock issued their destination to the cabby, as if it were any other day, nothing wrong.
, John repeated in his head, and he may have said it aloud a few times, too. The hairs all over his body stood on end. The van had not exploded, not like it would have in the movies. It just sat there and smoldered.
Within moments, the show began. Where could Sherlock be in this enormous place, and what had brought him here? John’s attention narrowed down to the stage. The dancer was male, lit from above, in stark relief, mostly in darkness.
“Well, just for the season, recording that album, and I’d moved in with Jack... Jack Fairy,” he added for John’s benefit.
“Will you not finish what you started?” Sherlock pursued in an imperious voice kept hushed by the uncertainty racing through his nervous system. His blood still boiled, shirtless John in his mind was crowding his reasoning.
“Was she an assassin or something? Or MI6?” John asked, more concerned for his friend than for the mystery.
John bit back his own sounding of terrific want, feeling his tongue plump and bleed from the effort, “Sherlock,” he murmured, breathing rapid and unduly ragged.
“John,” Sherlock pivoted on the spot, blinking wide, astonished eyes. His legs felt rubbery when he saw those dark blue orbs squinting about.
Sherlock stared at John’s naked toes. They wiggled every now and then during their conversation. When they did, Sherlock assessed John’s expression to see any kind of correlation. The conversation had been steadily thinning, silences protracting at a comfortable rate until now. There was something so very unguarded about John at that moment. Sherlock could not find a memory of John ever being so relaxed, and certainly had never experienced the full weight of this particular expression.
Something huge clanged within John’s mind, like an iron puzzle piece falling from a height, to fit perfectly into its place. He almost choked as the epiphany took him completely by surprise. It was almost like being back outside the Virginia Hotel, subjected to a lightning blast.
“Well, yes. Probably. I don’t know. Too little data,” Sherlock answered. He straightened then, and put the goggles on top of his head, looking off into an unseen distance, “He did stare pretty hard at Victor Trevor when I brought him ‘round the house.”
John stood uncertainly in the specialty shop, holding the small box of debris as if it were about to launch itself free from his arms. The small, thin woman approached him from behind the counter. Expensive stringed instruments were displayed everywhere, though not crowded. It was more like an art gallery than a music store, complete with individual spot lights and bronze plaques etched with information mounted next to the beautiful instruments.
Now, as it was, Sherlock had no reason to leave. He wished that he could hide himself and John away from prying eyes.
Curt's mouth still watered despite their predicament at being caught. A large part of him resented the idea of stopping. Sherlock, after all, had made no indication that he had wanted Curt to stop.
John walked Curt to the door a little while after Sherlock left. There was nothing for it. They had finished their dinner in amiable small talk. Curt was one-hundred and eighty degrees out from Sherlock, John surmised, a wonder that the two had ever got on.
The medics were busy checking on panicked bystanders, the police even more so, trying to regain control of the crime scene.
His emotions ran the gamut, ranging from anger to terror and back. Interspersed throughout was the rather vivid and fresh memory of Sherlock getting sucked off in the kitchen. He hadn’t seen anything, not really, but it had been enough to set loose his imagination.
“221 Baker Street,” he instructed the cabbie, depositing his phone back into his pocket where it bumped against the pendant.
Sherlock knew their friendship was in Trouble. He knew it because he had spent a lot of time being (fake) dead, alone and missing John more than he could ever articulate. He did not know how to fix it, though. And he wanted to fix it. How to fix it?
Shockingly enough, the need for reassurance seemed to be a mutual phenomenon. Last night proved as much to John. His eyes unfocused on the present reality of the cab ride as he recalled the look on Sherlock’s face from the night before.
John had the wherewithal to stand, scramble for a pair of balled up pajama bottoms that had been left on the bathroom floor a few days ago.
He all but marched into the parlor, ready to… he did not know what. He spun to face John, only to find his friend asleep, barely upright on a drooping wrist. Sherlock took in a breath, and sat back down in his chair. He stared at John openly now, studied him. John’s mouth hung open a little, and he would probably drool before too much longer if his head didn’t nod him awake before then.
Sherlock shrugged, raised his chin back from his chest as if to deny the jittery feeling blossoming in his gut. He turned partially away from John to hide his reaction. He stared at the empty hearth, “It all comes down to muscle control, really. Of course, technique, discipline, and spatial awareness play a big role in execution. But, really, I just love it.”
“Here I just thought you were independently wealthy and feeling sorry for me,” John tried half-heartedly at the joke.
Sherlock groaned in disappointment, turning his eyes on his brother who, despite his harsh words, actually looked concerned. Sherlock did not have the energy for banter, “What is it that you want?”
Mycroft quickly uncovered his face to stare aghast at Greg. When he saw the mischievous grin that had taken over Greg’s mouth, he calmed instantly. It had thankfully been a joke. Mycroft even managed a micro-smile himself, “Cheeky this morning, aren’t we?”
As for Sherlock, he stood two steps away in the common area of the flat. The glow of the hearth, the kitchen and the lamp by the couch gilded him in eerie light, ethereal. His long fingers fluttered expertly over the buttons of his shirt, dislodging the round disks from their slits.
“Sherlock!” he called between a sob and ecstasy. He felt like he was falling. At his needy cry, an eager, sweaty hand grappled onto his wrist, grounding him. It was Sherlock’s hand. They were in Sherlock’s room, in 221B.
Sherlock made a brief, acknowledging sound in his throat. He still did not move. A tense, protracted silence passed between them as the universe contracted and dilated about the two… friends.
Curt filled his lungs before deep throating, once, twice, and humming with the pleasure that coursed through him. He sucked hard, unrelenting, moaning through it all. The vibration of the hum coupled with the tightness of Curt's accomodating esophagus forced Sherlock to put most of his weight on the table, leaning against it heavily. The table creaked. His legs were jelly, his cock was molten Need.
Over the course of Many Weeks after Curt’s murder, they lived at Baker Street in harmony, settling into a new kind of rhythm.
The holiday decorations must have been beautiful, but now they were wrecked. The tree was dark, on its side, ornaments flung far like a cascade of discarded fruit. Some were smashed. The garland on the fireplace was still glowing with fairy lights, though askew and sad looking. Three stockings lay crumpled on the ground.
Sherlock was surprised to see a black car sitting just outside the academic complex, waiting for him.
An elephant head hung on the wall, adorned with a popcorn and cranberry garland. It was enormous. And it was as intrusive as I imagined an elephant’s head could be in a small flat in the middle of London.
Mycroft seemed a bit surprised by the request, though nodded once, “Certainly. Shouldn’t be much trouble.”
For a brief moment, John caught a glimpse of why Sherlock would have found the musician to be enjoyable company. Good thing he was going, then.
Sherlock chose that very moment to push his thumbs into the fabric of his pants, as if about to divest himself of the rest of his clothes.
“Oh,” the light in Jack’s eyes flickered strangely. The man had the kind of face that looked familiar because of its even, regular features. He was small and compact in frame, like John. His hair had once been blonde, but was now almost completely white.
Mycroft had not even tried to deny it. It could have been the way John had seemed to fill the room with his presence, or that it was not overly inconvenient for him to admit to Sherlock’s heinous deceit.
“Good to see you,” Curt said with unabashed warmth as he and John’s landlady shared a heartfelt embrace.
Sherlock was at a loss on how to Deal with the Great Unnamable Thing. He could not seem to stop himself, though. He continued to surreptitiously watch John, as if the good doctor may wind up being only an apparition of Sherlock’s making, as if Sherlock were still bound in ropes somewhere far away, dreaming of his own, private Shangri-La where John Watson was forever ensconced at his side.
Sherlock pushed away the unexpected discomfort that had taken root in his belly. Maybe he was getting ill. He felt a touch lightheaded. That wouldn’t do. After doffing his coat, he headed for the kitchen to make tea. When was the last time that he ate?
Spring was in full swing, but today was cold. John strode with a purpose away from Anderson. He felt bad for what he’d done because he knew that Anderson was right.
He leveled his quicksilver eyes back onto Curt who was watching him as if the detective might murder him, fuck him on the spot, or both.
Sherlock batted him away in his Mind Palace, and ordered this new John to get a shirt on right away. It was seriously damaging his ability to function.
“Quite alright. Quite alright,” the older man assured in a smoker’s rasp, patting his shoulder and waving him off.
“What the bloody hell?” Lestrade mirrored my thoughts perfectly, though he was referring to the unconscious man on the sidewalk. A couple of onlookers had gathered at a distance in varying clumps of open-mouthed curiosity, documenting the event with their phones, texting, talking and taking pictures.
Hoija leaned against the cold brick of the building, feet planted firmly on a fourth story fire escape. Her gaze was trained on the ugly face of the alleyway opposite, unseeing. The weak morning light played prisms with the gold and scarlet of her alien irises. Gone were the contact lenses, and gone was her desire to be among the people of this Intersection of space-time.
Sherlock climbed the stairs and came to stand in the doorway at the top of the landing, ethereal eyes settling on John who was sitting on the coffee table. Sherlock’s dark hair was damp, slicked back out of his face. He had a duffel bag slung over his shoulder. It had been too warm a night for the Belstaff.
“There’s something that I’m missing,” Sherlock declared one bright, Sunday afternoon, not a week after their First Kiss. John was perusing the paper in the living room. Sherlock had walked into the common area from the kitchen, decked out in protective goggles, rubber gloves, and a dressing gown.
Sherlock tried to shush his friend, squeezing his hand, leaning into the bedside but John just kept talking.
“Okay! Here,” she proffered a business card which he took with a cursory glance. Her eyes were bright in their intensity, “Please, please, please give my card to the owner. If they are interested, I would be willing to put them in touch with some people… People who could learn a whole lot from that stone. Oh, and without damaging it!”
“Curt!? What the devil are you doing here?! Oh, you gorgeous man, come here!” John was pretty much shoved to the side, out of the way of their apparent reunion.
John watched him like a hawk, a sense of wonder filled him, and he did not hide the mischevious glint dawning in his eyes. Sherlock sat down, rather prim and proper in the chair next to John.
I let my eyes drop from his ice-green gaze, let it flicker down his chest, belly, the cinch at his pants, and then back up to his lips.
He gave a startled half-laugh, let go, and stepped away. She quickly filled the void, opening the flaps of the box, parting the mouth of the plastic bag inside.
The sessions were exhausting, and aggravating. They just seemed to circumvent. John was more apt to barge right through things, like a bull at a red light. At least, that’s what he liked to think of himself.
Mycroft was already speaking before John could make heads or tails of it, “I would appreciate it if you continued to keep a weather eye on Sherlock. And I appreciate your keeping me informed.”
“Good to see you, too,” I gave a half-wave and half-smile for the rebuffed detective’s benefit. I resolved to have a pint with the man, and soon. At least he didn’t make me feel like I was wavering between wanting to punch him and wanting to... what? I looked askance at my friend who directed me closer to the entrance of Speedy’s.
At the sound of the unzipping of his fly, at the wicked light in Curt’s eyes, at the feel of a hot breath against the head of his aching prick, he knew why he had not been able to delete this. It was why he could not fully delete the 7% solution and everything that came with it.
Sherlock tucked his chin down, nearly bowed his head at John’s compliment. He pushed his hands into his pockets as he graciously muttered, “Thank you.”
John shook his head once, jerking a thumb pointedly over his shoulder at the hired muscle, “I figured you’d just have one of these guys for little, old me. Definitely not two.”
Mrs. Hudson came to stand near him, watching the last vestiges of the deerstalker furl and flash as it was consumed in the fire, “You’ve burned your hat, dear.”
Sherlock looked utterly self-possessed now. No more awkward arcs of fluttering restlessness about his person. Just calm and collected.
John’s breathing deepened, became more pronounced, nose flaring as he tried to get a handle on the heady power of the moment.
It was the proverbial elephant in the room, a pernicious pachyderm that John was not sure he was even capable of naming. There was a delicate web of absolutely uncomfortable Feeling that had him tied up in knots.
Curt leaned his mouth to Sherlock’s ear, nose buried in his dark, wavy hair, eyes trained on John’s face. Sherlock closed his eyes as Curt’s familiar velvet timbre filled the decimated chambers of his mind, “If you could see his face… He fuckin’ loves you.”
He wasn’t sure of Curt’s intentions with Sherlock, but he knew that he most definitely did not want them to get reacquainted. John’s loyalty was a fierce and rare thing. Sherlock’s weakness for drugs was something that John guarded most doggedly.
He could look on that face for the rest of his life. He realized that he wanted to watch it wrinkle with age, and John would be happy with that. Because that would not only mean that Sherlock survived to old age, but it would also mean that Sherlock was in John’s life. And he couldn’t imagine a life without Sherlock Holmes.
John seemed to be doing the same, as if Sherlock would randomly cease to be, as if life at 221B was an uncertain miracle.
Sherlock woke late into the next morning. He had fallen asleep in his trousers and socks. The sheets were twisted around him, hair a madness of curls. His sleep had been fitful and he was exceedingly grumpy. He hoped John was working a shift at the clinic. He did not have the emotional energy to be around him today.
Hoija was never found. The freak lightning strike had given her enough time to escape. And apparently another talent of hers, besides being able to jump from high places and survive to kill, was being able to disappear without a trace.
Sherlock considered, took a breath, looked around them, registering the scene that encapsulated them.
Curt stood from the straight-backed, wooden chair. John looked at him, nonplussed. Curt shrugged and joined Sherlock in the kitchen. John pivoted to watch the two. Something was Up with Sherlock.
John nodded even though he knew Sherlock could not see him. He was still experiencing a bit of shock at the enormity of the moment. “I can’t believe I’m talking to you,” John marveled aloud.
The space was dim, and derelict. On each side, he could just make out a handful of unmarked doors, adorned only with rusted latches. There were no knobs on the doors, no means of access. And the dust! Dust was eloquent, alright, and here in this lost, non-descript corridor, there were undisturbed swaths of it.
Woaf. My my very first beta and brit picker. She put so much work into this fic, and I have learned so much already. Thank you.
Mycroft, knowing his younger brother so very well, leaned back into his seat, demonstrating how much luxury could be had in the back of the car.
John seemed to stop blinking altogether. The odd expression on his face was hard for Sherlock to read. John was always so hard for Sherlock to read. Sherlock wanted to Fuck. He wanted to be fucked. He wanted to feel Nothing, and Everything.
“I was in Montenegro,” Sherlock answered, standing all straight-backed and graceful in his most casual outfit (besides being naked in a sheet), “And I know of the ‘band’ only because of your atrocious habit of singing while bathing.”
“I could hear your brain working from the bedroom,” Sherlock said from the other side of the kitchen table.
“I love you,” I blurted, staring at his nipples. His nipples? I tried to meet his eyes, but succeeded only briefly before staring down at my feet.
“Speaking of unimportant details,” John began, feeling now bold from the kiss and from that brief sense of urgency he felt when Sherlock had returned it, “Don’t think I didn’t hear you quoting a 90’s American alternative rock band to me over the phone. Where were you by the way? And how do you know about Third Eye Blind? How does that, at all, meet with your standards of important information?”
Curt paused, went very still as he struggled to think. Sherlock saw the moment that Curt remembered, “Yeah, a pin. Brian gave me a green pin when we were together. He said it had belonged to Oscar Wilde. I gave it to Arthur.”
It was a few seconds before John noticed Sherlock had not returned the kiss. His friend must have sensed his uncertainty, because before he could pull away to question the moment, Sherlock tentatively chased his kiss.
Mycroft looked Sherlock over, approving of his healthy weight gain. He decidedly did not verbalize this observation. He retrieved his own phone, and proceeded to see to his more mundane affairs. He would allow Sherlock his privacy, for the moment.
Those pleading words sent John’s mind on strike, and his cock twitched within his trousers. Every inch of his skin seemed to come alive, and he felt like he would combust with the power of Sherlock’s surrender. He nearly lost all ability to speak, but, alas, John was built for this moment.
He wanted to find out everything he could about Shaun the soldier. He also needed to retrieve some things in order to stay with John in the hospital room. He would return as quickly as possible. He gave one last glance to John before exiting into the hall.
Sherlock did not press the question, but instead, switched tactics, “I have to tell you, make it clear in no uncertain terms, that I wish to keep you... this. Whatever it is, no matter the details. I realize that I have to say it, because I know that if I do not say this now, you will end up marrying some halfwit and leave Baker Street, and the Work. The marriage would be disastrous, of course, considering your penchant for getting yourself into dangerous situations.”
I jammed my hands in the depths of my pockets, and clenched them as I could almost feel Sherlock’s shoulders, hair and face burned in the skin of my palms and fingertips. I had not looked into his eyes, those weeks ago. I only wrapped him up in my arms. He had been unmoving at first, but then I felt his arms go around me and his head had rested on mine. That had ended me.
Sherlock's brow furrowed as a deluge of intense, inscrutible emotions caused his throat to tighten. In a matter of a minute, the kiss progressed from a formal, reverent meeting of mouths to something just this side of desirous.
He moved out of the way. He folded his arms to keep his hands busy. He did not want to watch other people, strangers, tie John down. Sherlock just wanted to run, really, but he had to stay, for John Watson. His best friend. For the love of his life. How absolutely stupid was that? And how absolutely, freakishly horrible to have his feelings returned openly through the one-sided narration of John’s dream-state. He had heard more than he ever cared to know, some private and horrible things that made Sherlock feel as if he had betrayed John on an entirely new level.
Lestrade pushed the pillow off of his head, and propped himself up on his elbows, belly down on the large bed. He watched Mycroft for his reaction.
Sherlock took a breath, and continued in rapid-fire brilliance, “Brian’s ex was a known drunk and pill user. She drowned in her own vomit. I suspect this deranged sycophant had something to do with their deaths. She’d been careful with them. This was the last of it. I believe Hoija’s presence limited the killer’s options. This may have been planned as a murder-suicide, but Hoija disrupted that plan.”
Such characteristic honesty pleased Sherlock to no end, and he relished how wide John’s eyes went when he deftly maneuvered the tailored shirt from his shoulders and let the fine fabric drop to the carpet behind him. There poised a shirtless Sherlock Holmes, his mercurial eyes sparkling with amusement at John’s rapid, shallow respirations.
John was only now starting to thaw from the cold, buffeting wind that had accompanied his long walk.
Lestrade stood near her, watching her with a kind of curiosity that made John briefly question what her role in all of this had been.
“Yep. Turns out I don’t need drugs to write good music,” Curt said it with a soft, rolling shrug, a new sparkle coming into his eyes.
Stunned by his friend’s uncharacteristically poor use of words, John felt his face go hot in embarrassment, “Well, no. I mean, I didn’t know it at the time. But, yeah… yes. Now. I mean, not NOW, but I get it now.”
“John!” She turned and smiled. Her smile wilted at the edges, “You look absolutely terrible. It’s a good thing Philip saw you home last night.”
Once inside, ticket in hand, John found himself propelled through the throng to a riser that looked out onto the darkened, empty stage. He was just another shadow in the hundreds of people gathered. He felt awkward and out of place, and a little like he needed a drink. He cleared his throat when the crowd pressed close.
“STOP! I’ll smash it again! I will!” John stood, fists like two hammers at his sides, ready to destroy.
“Turn around,” John ordered with calm authority. When Sherlock hesitated, John repeated himself in a lower register, dangerous, “Turn around now.”
Sherlock did not seem to notice. John blinked rapidly. Was this what Sherlock felt when he made a deduction? If so, it was damned amazing.
“John, let me see you,” Sherlock implored quietly. He did not want to break the spell, did not want John to run. He felt the shorter man rest his forehead against his back. Sherlock shivered when John’s hands ran down the lengths of his arms, coming to circle his wrists. Sherlock began to tremble. He turned his hands, fingers splayed open, asking.
Outside, dark clouds had dimmed the afternoon light. Rain and thunder stalked through London, slicking the streets, rattling the windows. It would be a hell of a storm.
“Well, yes, there was a bit of a row,” he explained, unpacking the food cartons, “I know that you said you weren’t hungry, but I got a double order just in case.”
“Why?” he had demanded in a growl, fists clenched, muscles tense across his compact form, as if he were a spring ready to fly.
“Yes. I was informed, and duly chastised,” Sherlock sounded as beligerent as ever. The eerily familiar tone touched a cold place somewhere inside John where no hand could ever go. It was a place he thought too wounded to survive, but there it was, beginning to undergo a momentous thaw.
