"We're not getting a tailor." Steve shook his head a little and they headed for the furniture department first. "Although, I was looking online, and I think that's where we should order the cloth diapers?" Tony smiled as Steve went on, naming things he knew he wanted, and then talking about a color theme he was thinking for her future bedroom. Tony couldn't stop thinking that it was all terribly domestic, and wondering if he'd be able to steal Jamie away from Steve as they continued shopping.
Tony looked at him, then gave a nod. He knew that Steve was right, they did need to have a plan. They were the Avengers, Steve was kind of the official leader, and they were dealing with a lot. Hydra topped that list by far, what with their experiments, probably their hunt for Jamie and possibly Bucky, and their supposed interest in Meg. They couldn't be sure that they hadn't already tried approaching her, so that was something they would have to figure out. Tony needed to read through Howard's journal just so he could see what kind of information they still had, and he needed to puzzle out how much they knew about the Serum in his own veins.
Mary smiled, watching Peter and Wade at the table with Tony and Bruce, all of them leaning in looking like they might be performing some kind of experiment with the carbonated water. It wasn't her problem tonight. Phil leaned in behind her, kissing her cheek, and pulled out a piece of lavender from his corsage, slipping it behind her ear. He slipped something into her hand before turning around and heading towards the table where her parents were sitting. Mary raised an eyebrow until the thing in her hand started to buzz and ring quietly.
"I was wrong, this is one of those bad comedies." Tony rubbed his forehead a little. "Well, I've assigned Todd, after the weekend, to be Julie and Wade's personal guard for a while. Wilson is in DC right now, but we're keeping an eye on him."
"The reactor accepted the element," Bruce told him. They entered the lab and Tony saw the new arc reactor sitting on the desk opposite of Loki's scepter. He had put in a new triangle design, getting a little tired of the circle. He had wanted something new.
"Good, she's going to need a ride out of there. Hey, Megs!" Tony shouted, hoping to get her attention.
“Yeah, the training that I had to talk him out of starting until after his birthday,” Tony grumped out. “The last days of a man’s year should not be spent getting sweaty in the gym. There’s only one acceptable way of getting sweaty-“
Or more specifically, he could sneak people over. It was the Fourth of July, and Tony had set up a spectacular fireworks display for Peter, but had cleared with all the officials of New York as well. Traditional hot dogs and hamburgers were set up, along with other stuff that Pepper and Rhodey assured Tony was common for the holiday. He just wanted to make up his absence to Peter.
"You just saw me last week," Peter giggled, grinning up at him. "Daddy, if Mama says it's okay, can we stay at my place?"
Bruce and Jarvis confirmed that the portal had disappeared just under two minutes after Tony had gone through it. That would have been the same time that Steve was running down the stairs, afraid that he might find Tony on the ground after falling over eight hundred feet.
“Weren’t you going to be gone this afternoon?” Bruce asked, not looking up from his computer screen.
"Mr Steve!" Peter called out from the living room. "Get your rear in gear!" He heard Peter's giggles as he finished the line, and shook his head fondly. Tony must have fed him that line. Steve could see himself with a family, little by little. Maybe it was the odd family atmosphere that Tony and Mary worked so hard to cultivate for Peter. Steve was fairly positive that this wasn't normal for the everyday American family of the Twenty-First century, and maybe that's why he could feel at ease here. Not completely, he still needed to be doing something, moving, in action, but the anxiety inside wasn't as bad now as it had been back at the first apartment.
The yellow egg cracked again, and this time a piece fell off, quickly followed by more. Tony held his breath, then grinned when a small Jolteon stepped out, almost sleepily. “Vee!” Vee danced a little and went over to the newest pokemon.
“Stop learning from Steve, the punk,” Bucky said and let go of Wade’s arm to stand up. Wade took a couple steps back but followed behind him, like his shadow, as he headed for the kitchen. Bucky stopped and looked over his shoulder at the kid. “Why didn’t you ask Romanoff to train you?”
"You have to understand, Tony looked up to Captain America as a kid," Bruce said, catching Steve by surprise. "He has all the posters, the comics, the toys, all of that. Coulson's trading cards? Tony completed the set for him from his own personal collection."
“And to mine in this moment, but why?” Steve dropped a kiss along Tony’s jaw.
. “If we aren’t careful, he’ll tell the others, and then at an anniversary party, we’ll see Jason Mraz show up to sing to us. I don’t want to publicly hurt your friend, Steve.” Steve laughed and his smile widened.
"I feel the same way, it makes me feel a lot better," Tony told him. Peter was eerily perceptive about the arc reactors. One day soon, he was going to ask him how he could know so much about it. When Peter was better able to articulate his thoughts into more scientific terms. Peter smiled, humming a little, before settling back against Tony's chest.
"I have a plan for that," Tony corrected him. Mary rolled her eyes a little, and pat Tony's knee with her hand.
"Yeah!" Peter was bouncing in his seat, eager to tell everyone about everything that they did in Disney World. "Daddy! I got a blue lightsaber, and Wade got a red one!"
"Jarvis?" Peter called out softly. "Where's my Daddy?" He had an urge to see him, to get him.
“He’s not going to win,” Steve grumbled.
Steve took another step closer to Stark. "Stark, so help me god, you make one more wisecrack-"
“Less of a saint!” Tony called out as he walked out the door.
"I'll try my best to resist saying, 'I told you so', Sir," Jarvis said from Tony's phone in his pocket.
Tony started to run, getting closer, and saw the taller figure with his back to him. The figure, the man, was wearing a suit, no, a black tuck. The hair was cropped close to the back of his head, dark, with grey streaked through. Tony knew the stance, he knew the suit, the hair, and he stopped running. Howard Stark.
"They're already here." Tony held his breath. "Stark, Loki took Peter." Tony dropped to his knees, all the breath leaving his body. There were hands on him, but he couldn't feel anything, couldn't hear anything else. Peter was gone, taken, and Tony wasn't there. He had promised him, promised that Tony would come back.
"No worries, we don't plan on splitting you two up," Tony told him with confidence.
Tony squeezed his hand and looked back over at him. "Come on, we should try and figure it out where Peter put us. Dinner is definitely going to be interesting."
"Milk will be just fine, ma'am," Steve said, giving her a smile.
"From my understanding, he changed from the man that I knew." Steve shrugged a little. "There's a lot I'd like to talk to Tony about, the past, but I don't want to push. He's very reluctant about that stuff."
Steve watched him for a second. He was starting to piece together the enigma that was Tony Stark, starting to put together the same person that was Peter's father, and the billionaire.
Peter's Dad was sounding more and more like an absent father, and he wondered how Mary could be okay with this. Peter needed a constant male role model in his life, along with his mother. Steve had had Bucky's Dad, and Bucky himself to a point, and he was convinced that it had helped. He didn't want to see Peter slip down the slippery slope of becoming a bully, or becoming a lost, or rebellious teen. From their short meeting, he knew that Peter had potential to be anything.
He didn’t pay much attention to what Strange did that got him back to the Tower, but he was thankful as it was just down the hall from their bedroom. Steve didn’t much remember getting him and Tony back into the bedroom either, just that he found himself sitting up in the bed, and unresponsive Tony in his lap. His chest moved smoothly with his breaths. Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair and took a deep breath.
When Steve saw the footage, the words from the assass- Bucky, made sense. There was a good chance that he had just gotten his friend killed, and Hydra had Tony. Hydra had always been obsessed with recreating the Serum. Hydra hired AIM. And now, they had one of the men that was intimately familiar, in more ways than one, with the formula they had been working with. Had Bucky really been working to try and stop that? All the thoughts tumbling around Steve's head were starting to give him a headache.
"I ain't that same guy, Stevie."
"No they're not!" Steve had too many things to deal with that actually concerned Hydra, but he didn't think that he'd be getting this violent opposition from his teammates. "There's a lot that we're looking into about this particular situation right now, but this is not the threat that we need to deal with. Right now, they aren't a threat!" Steve didn't doubt a word that he was saying. "We need to look for Strucker and Loki's scepter, and be on the lookout for Enhanced. Those are the main objectives, that's what I need you two focused on. Are we clear?"
“They’re kids, James,” she said, raising an eyebrow at him. “You could always put Jamie with the twins when they wake up.”
"I did what I came to do," Mary continued.
"I'm going to start a swear jar, soon," Steve threatened and Tony gasped.
“It can degrade?” Mary asked with a genuine curiosity.
"I remember that," Tony hummed, turning a smile towards the sleeping boy. "He kept putting his hand on his head, feeling the spikes, then started putting pieces of paper on top. He wanted to see how much weight his hair could hold before the product gave in." Tony rubbed his fingers through Peter's hair. "He gets the experimenting thing from Bruce, the trial and error thing. I just jump headfirst into everything."
Tony frowned a little. Again, he hadn’t been expecting that. No money, not demanding they move in together, get married, whatever she could do to use him or his money. Just, spend time with the baby? He studied her for a few seconds, trying to get a read on if she was telling the truth, or trying to play the long game.
"I'm still better looking though, right?" Steve leaned down, smiling at him, noses touching. "Steve, I need vocal affirmation. I'm a vain, selfish man. Please feed my ego."
As usual, I own not a lot, blah blah, Marvel, Disney, fair food, yuuuumm
"And yet, it doesn't stop you?" Mary tilted her head at him.
“My birthday baby is so adorable.” Tony pulled Steve’s head down for a kiss. “Rhodey’s being mean, he won’t come up for the party.”
“Ooo, I’m trending in three different hashtags,” Tony noted. “I find #
"Alright, maybe things have come a little close," Tony said, keeping his voice calm.
Steve decided that the files could wait. He assumed that if Howard, or Peggy, weren't there to greet him as he woke up, then the information of what had happened could wait for another day. What he could go look at was the shield that rested in his bedroom. Mary was right, it was going to take some time. And for right now, he wanted to try and be just Steve Rogers. Not Captain America, or even Captain Rogers. Steve Rogers needed to deal with what he was walking in to in this future time, then the military man could come back out.
Steve swallowed, hands opening and closing into fists. He'd seen the amateur footage of the highway, someone's cell phone from the about fifty feet away. Tony's suit had gone dark, then gone down. As several men had their hands on Tony's suit, the man who had been holding onto Meg pressed his gun to her back and suddenly she was dropping to the ground. Tony was fighting, but he wasn't strong enough to take two blows from the tazer stick they had. Steve still had bruises from his own encounter with it.
Starting the F1 vehicle was nothing, he checked the screen the technicians were showing him, and nodded. He was Tony Stark, he already knew how this vehicle would perform, and he knew how he could get it over the finish line, preferably in first place. He was supposed to be watching the race with his son, but they had the rest of the weekend as well. The vibration of the vehicle all around him felt amazing, gave him a rush almost like the Iron Man suit, but it was different. He could practically feel Pepper's anger with him now, but this was his birthday, it was his time, with his family.... Possibly his last.
Steve heard Rhodey’s sigh, like this was probably the tenth time they’ve talked about this. “Sorry, Cap, but my superior’s won’t let me leave early. I’ll be there for training, though.”
"A very good philosophy," Steve said, smiling at him.
"They're not even ten yet, Steve!" Tony declared, throwing his hands up a little. "They're school yard crushes, that's it. They'll be friends forever, of that I have no doubt-"
“Meg’s working on commissions, and her, Mary, Julie, and Rachel kind of surrounded him.”
"Figures that you would like the sneaky, snarky, demon." Steve grabbed an olive and pushed it into Tony's mouth before he could talk again, smirking. "Please tell me that you're not going to start searching for Hunters, or supernatural occurrences."
“We’re safe now, Mom,” he told her, voice muffled by her shirt, but he didn’t care.
“I couldn’t understand why he wanted to hurt us,” Wade continued. “I still don’t, but it doesn’t matter now. He went to go work at a big office, then went overseas, cause he was high up in the Army, and Mom got the courage to divorce him. We didn’t miss him, actually felt pretty relieved when he had to leave.” One of Wade’s fingers started to scratch at the jeans on his knee. “She got the papers back, and we moved. I wanted to stay in school with Peter, and asked my mom if there was a way that we could make that happen. We didn’t move too far away. And we hadn’t heard from him since then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"S'full ovyurself." Tony jumped up when he heard the soft response. He turned to look at Mary and saw her eyes cracked open, looking in his direction. "Ego."
"You don't have enough money now? You need to milk me for mine?" Steve rolled his eyes and went for the last fry, but Tony grabbed it first. "I mess up around Peter sometimes, but he's been pretty good at not repeating those words."
Tony closed his eyes tightly, willing back all those dark thoughts that usually followed. Peter was a happy boy, he was well-behaved. What if Peter suddenly became rebellious? Locking up the sadness and anger that his Mama wasn't around? He'd take it out on Tony, and Tony wouldn't know how to properly deal with that situation, and Peter would end up hating him. Tony couldn't take that if that happened. It would be worse than dying if Peter ended up hating him.
"Better be something damn important," Tony replied, quiet enough that Peter didn't hear him. "My son is upset, and Mary is-
"Thanks for taking Peter today," Mary said, moving forward to kiss the cheeks of her folks. "We'll talk tomorrow."
"Kind of been wondering the same thing about you," Tony said without tearing his eyes away from the monitor. There, almost in.
"We'll get your boys back," Sam said as he sat up in the chair. "Both of them." Steve gave him a grateful smile and nodded. "But, we're not doing anything until the morning. Unless your super intelligent AI wakes us up."
"But it had been bugging you for a while to not talk about Howard." They had fought about that when Steve first learned that Howard had a surviving family member.
"There is nothing except this," he looked at her. If he didn't, if he didn't try to stop this, to change his name, his legacy, Peter's legacy. "There's no art opening. There is no benefit, there is nothing to sign."
The faceplate dropped in place and lit up, the HUD coming to life. "Keep the skies clear."
Coulson just nodded towards the tablet and Tony folded it up, holding it. It turned on and he instantly opened the first folder. He saw pictures of the destruction of what could have only been a SHIELD base. Some test were being conducted, but something went wrong, energy readings had spiked, an influx of power had actually created an implosion underground. There was a picture of a sedan, mostly buried underneath what could only be a couple of tons of cement, with access to the front windshield, the driver’s side airbag deployed and hanging over the steering wheel.
“Let me know, I’ll drop by.”
"Stop it you sweet talker, you," Steve smiled at Tony. "I love being told that I'm a guinea pig for your experiments."
“You’ll be fiiine.” He stole the sunglasses from his face. “I’ll also hold onto these, don’t want you losing them.” Peter grabbed one of Steve’s hands. “I’ll be watching!” He said as he pointed up to the building. Peter was already pulling Steve along to the entrance. Steve looked where he was pointing and saw the sudden drop that with the riders, hearing the screams. Tony laughed as Steve’s eyes widened and he was stumbling after Peter.
"Maybe your theory about them working with someone is right," Bruce said. He was rubbing his nose as he often did when trying to work something out in the lab. "Maybe they just got their hands on this recently, the ones they're working for didn't have the proper facilities?"
“Mama sits here, and Phil sits next to her,” Peter said as he pat the chair on the other side of her. “And then Daddy sits on the other side of Mama, and you sit next to Daddy.” Peter ran over to the other side of the table, tapping the chairs. “Granma and Granpa sit here, and Uncle Bruce sits across from Daddy, and Uncle Clint sits next to Uncle Bruce.”
"So, you had no idea about this Natalie? I assume that isn't her real name," Tony snorted a little. "She's fired, by the way."
The suit powered up and the faceplate opened on Rhodey's suit. "Oh man," Rhodey groaned, taking Tony's hand and helping him to his feet. "You can have your suit back."
"Daddy!" Peter was already up and running over to Tony. Tony 'oomphed' and laughed, catching Peter and lifting him up.
"Let me go Rogers- Pepper?" He blinked, hand reaching up to grab the phone before it fell from his ear. Steve turned him around, setting him back on his feet and Tony started walking down the hall, talking to Pepper. Steve let out a little breath, before turning to look back at the woman by the bedroom door.
Steve was looking through some records when he heard a couple voices in the hallway a couple hours later. He walked over to the door, found the peephole in the door, and gave it an experimental look. He was a little shocked at the distorted view, but he could see Mary going over to her door, a little boy next to her, a backpack on his back, talking excitedly.
Rhodey punched in his number at the door, and it unlocked, letting the uniformed man inside the workshop. "Sugar bear!" Tony called out, setting the chlorophyll filled glass down on the desk. "I missed my snookums."
Jarvis may have played the sounds of crickets. Tony frowned and made a motion towards Jarvis’s cameras in the ceiling. “Hang on.” He lifted his arm, seeming to bite it and Steve was taking a step towards him. “No, no, I got this.” He slammed his palm against his arm, hearing a couple of clicks and a buzz. “There we go, that should work.” He tried it one more time, and everyone was watching Tony.
"Yes, and I will see them when I leave here. And you, Stark?" He looked up at Tony. Tony froze a little, looked at the man, then down at his mug. Did he? Yes, he had Peter, he had a son, but was he truly family? Tony hadn't acted like a Father, like a Dad should. Not that he had the best role model growing up. Tony had tried to take some cues from his butler Jarvis, but he hadn't been a father to him. Howard hadn't prepared him to have a family. Tony knew what not to do, but he didn't know what was the best thing to do with Peter. So was Tony really family with Peter?
Mary looked at the circuits and blinked, both impressed and overwhelmed at what she saw. She started to pull on the main power levers before heading over to the center console. There was a faint clink and she looked up to see Tony slide over onto the glass. She bit her lip, sparks in the air. "It's ready Tony, get off the roof!"
“Not necessarily true,” Mary said and Tony actually shushed her.
“And that will keep him safe?” Steve asked, stepping to the opposite side of the bed form Loki. “We won’t have to worry about this happening anymore?”
“Wasn’t going to say a thing,” Steve smiled. The blonde maneuvered his best friend over to a half concrete wall and leaned against it. Bucky noticed that some of the women smiled at Steve, waving, and Steve offered a hand in greeting back.
"I will," Tony answered without hesitation. "While I am lucky enough to tend to my son, who was also in the middle of the danger, inside the stability of our own home, I have put into motion several things already. The site of the Stark Expo has already been shifted to hold many displaced citizens, while a search continues to find them reliable and safe shelter, or to return them to their own homes. And, I'll make the official announcement that the Stark Expo will be postponed until everyone person there has been safely housed."
“They’re not completely wrong though,” Tony murmured. “I’m can be an asshole, and brash. I have a certain expectation of people, and experiences, expect a certain level of treatment. I’m selfish, and uncaring, looking out for me and my company-“
"Grab your bags first," Mary said when she saw that they were poised to run inside. "You can drop them off in Peter's bedroom first. We're eating on the family floor."
"Yeah, I saw the exhibit," Steve said, still holding onto the tags. "They had a lot of originals as well." Tony waved a hand towards the empty displays. "All that came from here?"
"I think that perhaps, young Master Peter would prefer sleeping with you tonight, Sir," Jarvis said, sensing his creator's hesitation.
“That’s what you’re used to, isn’t it?” She asked. “In business, you always need to start working on the next best thing before your competitor. You can’t fall behind.”
Steve kissed Tony’s knuckles, and the camera switched over to Wade. “What….. What are we looking at?” Tony asked softly. Wade was sleeping sideways, his feet resting on the wall that his bed was pushed against, and his head and arms were splayed back and hanging off the bed. “He’s going to fall off the bed. He probably already has, honestly.” The camera then switched over to Jamie’s nursery, the camera positioned to see inside of her crib. She had managed to shuffle down to the end of her crib, almost looking like Peter in his own bed. She was on her stomach, back end lifted up a little, and cheeks pressed to the mattress. “Yeah, that one’s yours,” Tony said with a smile in his voice.
“Keep your eyes open Tony.” Steve slid his arm under Tony’s knees and lifted him up, the hand holding the shield at his back. “Need you to say awake until we get back to medical.”
“Yes, and so far, only Sam Wilson knows,” Tony said as he continued to play through
"I have a separate pile with tags that say 'From Mary and Phil Coulson.'"
"I am, the military bullied you into this, and I led the charge," Rhodey explained further.
“The Sisterhood strikes again!” Tony cackled, pulling Steve along to the elevator. “Be careful Steve, they’re going to try and pull Jamie into their group before long.”
Tony pulled his hand up, fingers resting lightly on Steve's arm. "I am a glorified, volcanic, mess, Steve. My baggage? My baggage has its own penthouse with little baggage babies, and grandbabies. I come with a kid, that will always be first in my life, and I can't say that I can ever put you before him, or anyone. Your life was stolen from you, and you have a chance at getting it back now-"
"It's okay, Daddy," he said, big brown eyes looking up at Tony. "I still love you, even if Captain America won."
"Are we going to need to get you back to the Tower quickly?" Tony heard a tightness in Steve's voice, and oh, he noticed the reactor.
"Your sons name is Peter."
Steve leaned back a little in the seat, watching Mary. There wasn't a breathing tube down her throat, but she did have an oxygen mask over her face. Probably to help her breathing in case the broken ribs impeded that. He opened his mouth to say something when he heard a voice echo from the hallway. It sounded female and Steve frowned. There was no one else here that he knew about, or that Tony had mentioned. Steve stepped out into the hall and saw Tony holding onto the phone, and he could hear a female on the phone, her voice raised.
“Don’t,” Tony breathed out. “Don’t touch me.”
“Hello, Morganite,” the agent greeted immediately, pulling a happy trill from her. “Stark.” When he said his name, Coulson was back to all business. And apparently that business was trying to destroy the world.
by Kelly Clarkson."
"There was a complication. Make sure you bind him, too. Get moving!"
"I promised Mary that I would never drink in front of him," Tony told her. "And I wouldn't be around him if I've had more than two drinks."
"Good food?" She asked, taking another bite.
"I may have," Tony said with a little chuckle. Mary picked up Peter, kissing his cheeks.
"Morning people are gross."
"And for any hidden ones that might be in Meg's?" Steve asked, tilting his head to look back towards Tony. Tony only nodded.
"Yeah, good luck with that," Tony said, circling around the counter, trying for casual, and not running away. He had turned his back to her, confident that she actually wouldn't kill him. "I'm not a team player, I don't work well with others, well, there's a whole file about it." Tony turned around and bit the inside of his lip when he saw how close she was then. Her eyes rimmed in red and she brought her hands up towards his head, wisps of red energy trailing after her fingers.
Tony turned around the kitchen, headed for the two doors to check them out. Steve knew he was a curious, and nosy, person by nature, but this could work in his favor. He opened one door and saw a cramped bathroom. "This thing is barely wide enough for you to walk into," Tony muttered to Steve. "And could that toilet be any closer to the bathtub? I'm surprised they managed to fit one in here." He closed the door and moved over to the next, pulling the door open, then stopped. "What is this room supposed to be, Steve?"
“But, really, he’s just turning into the protective older brother?” Both Steve and Tony nodded. “God, those kids are all yours, every little thing just screams you two.”
Tony gripped his watch face on his wrist, taking a giant step backwards, and pulled out the frame work for his latest experiment. The metal latched his fingers, repulsor gauntlet assembling in nearly a second around his hand, and lifted it up as he saw a gun being grabbed by his attacker. He raised his hand and let out a sonic pulse, making the guy stumble back, disorientating him for a bit. Steve came up behind the guy, wrapping an arm around his neck and trying to pull him back away from Tony.
"Steve smothers Tony back to happiness"
“You were very quick to dissolve yourself of anything that happened,” Bucky commented as they walked down to the armory floor.
"No one can get their hands on it," Tony told him, voice tight and angry. He wished he had had enough time to destroy the entire lab, to take the research out with it, but he was only able to wrap the vials in the fabric that covered the little girl.
He cursed mentally when he realized what was happening. Tony was stuck in a flashback. No wonder he wasn't fighting the water, to swim back up to the surface, he didn't know where he was. Steve swam with a heightened determination, reaching an arm out towards Tony, just as his body seemed to flop onto the bottom of the pool. His arm slid underneath Tony's arms, around his chest, and he turned, kicking off from the floor of the pool and towards the surface.
"The pavilions," Bruce said, moving forward. "If they're structured just right..." Jarvis started moving things around for them. "Protons and Neutrons."
Wade merely took a couple steps back so Steve didn't fall on him and looked down at him. "You always do that."
"Why don't you two go put the leftovers away?" Tony suggested to his boyfriend. "Then you can do the whole private talk where we aren't around."
“I thought we had moved you on to something better?” Steve’s fingers started to gently rub Tony’s neck. “What about the mint chocolate chip?” Tony scrunched up his face a little. “Peter loves it!”
Steve watched Tony for a second, and decided not to comment on 'stuff'. "Alright," he nodded, then put his silverware down on an empty plate. "Do you have Peter tonight?" Tony shook his head, cradling the coffee mug in his hands. "Great. Why don't you come on down to my floor tonight for dinner then?"
"What? Pander to Tony Stark?" Rhodey grinned as he grabbed some other ingredients. "Should probably make a little snack, too, for when Peter wakes up."
Jarvis informed him that the new punching bags would be ready shortly after dinner. And when Tony went to his own bedroom to try and get some rest, Tony would suddenly find a reason to put them up.
"Great, J, call the hotel for me." Tony was out of his seat, phone up to his ear. He glanced at Meg, eyebrow raised. "Steve, she's not moving, she should be moving."
“Aren’t you two just so funny,” Tony deadpanned as he opened the trunk. He whistled and looked over at the boys. “Peter, Wade, march on over here. You can show off all the cool stuff to Wade and the both of you take this stuff to your bedroom, and put it away where it belongs.”
Also, if it wasn't clear before, I'm a huge Supernatural nerd/fan. I have no regrets to the references that keep sneaking into this story. I also talked a bit about the cherry allergy in my Tumblr, just how I discovered it and my own reactions. If you're interested, here's
The Quinjet landed, and Steve walked over as the bay doors opened. Banner was a smaller man than he would have thought, especially considering the size of the Hulk. The man looked tired, a little rumpled, and was holding onto a few notebooks and a tablet. He pushed his glasses up on his nose, then caught sight of Steve, blinking. Steve had learned that Dr Bruce Banner had tried to re-create the serum that was used on himself, but it had resulted in something, less than expected. So to see the product of what his research had been about must have been a little surprising.
"Why shouldn't the guy let off a little steam," Tony jumped in. No one talked to his friend like that.
"He does, but when those two get worked up, Wade forgets, and Peter trusts Wade blindly, and really they're just having fun, and I can't really blame them-" Tony stopped and looked at Steve when Steve's bigger hand was place over his mouth, stopping his rambling.
“I couldn’t leave my best girls,” he said quietly through the tears that sprung up. “I owed you a dance.”
"Sir," Jarvis spoke up and Jamie perked her head a little at the pleasant voice. Steve took advantage to get her to eat a couple more bites of food. "I have news from the hospital. Mrs Fitzgerald has woken up." Tony let out a deep breath of relief, slumping a little in his seat.
. “Of course, now we have to make another one for Tony, and one for Wade I’m sure, because Peter wants to learn.”
"Well, in a few weeks I'll come over there." He grabbed all his clothes and laid them out on the bed, starting to get dressed. "For your birthday we'll start looking-"
Tony and Steve have their long awaited heart to heart.
"Twelve percent?? How did you come up with that number?" Bruce Banner shouldn't have asked, he had known Tony for far too long to know better than that.
“No, not yet, Wade was waiting for me when we got back.” Steve started to strip his clothes off, and Tony made a little growling nose, causing Steve to roll his eyes a little.
Now Tony just needed to get Steve to watch '
"You shouldn't be that close to my face while I'm sleeping!" Steve pushed himself up to a sitting position and looked at the ten year old.
5:42 AM
When Tony was opening his eyes, it was too the feeling feel of Steve's fingers carding through his hair, gently rubbing his scalp, soft, hot lips trailing lazy kisses along his shoulder and neck, and both of them trying to catch their breath. He turned his head little to look at Steve, saw the absolutely luminous smile on his face, and sparkling eyes. Tony reached out his hand, gently caressing Steve's face, watching those eyes closed as he pressed against Tony's hand.
Tony groaned, and Steve winced a little when there was a burst of, short lived, feedback from the comm. “It looked like she was going to get Meg to get her hands on Jamie again. I should be surprised, but I’m more than annoyed. Were you able to at least figure out what her play was by taking Wade? Julie said she recognized Hilda as a sitter that her ex-husband had hired, but she barely ever talked to her.”
"You're not going to turn into a weather villain," Steve told him. Tony flopped down on the couch in the workshop. "It's just a couple of days."
“I’m calling this one case suspended,” Tony muttered as he got up from his chair. “Is Brucie in his lab?”
He could hear the frown in Bruce's voice. "It's killing you? How is it killing you? What's it running on? Are you getting radiation waves from it?" That would be Bruce's first guess, but Tony couldn't exactly be surprised from the man that had somehow managed to survive being bathed in Gamma Rays.
Notes at the end.
The space around him rippled, almost violently. “Intruders. Too many.” Tony’s breathing picked up and his body jerked again, a wave of pain washing through him. His mind felt like it was being pulled in two different directions, and apart felt like it was anchored and wasn’t going to move. His hands started to burn again and he could practically feel the rage of his subconscious captors. They wanted him, they wanted him badly, and there would be promised pain. On the other side was a calmer sense, frantic, but no anger.
“Yay, entertainment,” Meg smiled, clapping her hands.
“I’m surprised you still brought the SUV,” she continued, turning back to Steve. “Not if you didn’t come here with Jamie today.”
“I’m already married, Rogers,” she smirked. “I’m afraid those big eyes aren’t going to work on me.”
"Because, that means that you have a reason to stay here," Peter said, completely innocently.
"I was actually wondering if something was wrong with this vehicle," Steve admitted. "It's very quiet."
“Yes, we saw with your foray to what Midgardians call a ‘shrink’,” Loki said with a smirk in his voice.
"My floor?" Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
"Without it, the reactor doesn't work," Tony replied back, taking a second to lean back in the chair. His chest was feeling better, and the drink was helping to clear his dizziness. "I'm working on it, but I wouldn't be too concerned."
"Yeah!" Peter said immediately, hopping on the bed a little. "Granpa let us ride the Tower of Terror today!"
"Going to put a new design on my freshly painted wall," Mary grumped a little, and Tony heard the disgruntled huff of Peter.
"And it's scaring me," Tony admitted softly. "How are you always able to do that?"
"Make sure you wait till I clear the roof. I'll buy you some time," Tony said, moving away as Stane thumped closer.
"You know I can't talk about the details." Steve gripped Tony's other hand and slowly helped him up. Tony already had plans to grab some painkillers along the way. "But, I'm glad to be back. It was simple, but I guess I've gotten used to sleeping in a very nice bed."
He didn’t very often drive south enough to go through Greenwich Village, preferring to take one of the earlier bridges when he drove to Queens to visit Mary and Peter when they lived over there. When he knew what he was looking for, finding the townhouse that Doctor Stephen Strange lived in wasn’t all that hard. Tony was aware, had been told, that Strange made sure that no one really looked at it unless he wanted them too, said it was some kind of glamour, or something, that he cast about the building. Tony didn’t know what he did, but he would find a scientific explanation one day.
They sat in silence for a couple minutes, Steve not letting go of Tony's hand, Tony not moving from his spot on the bed. "Do you wanna talk about it?" Tony asked gently. He wasn't going to begrudge the good Captain if he didn't want to share. Tony wasn't exactly the most open guy with his nightmares, and he assumed it would be the same with Steve.
"Would it help if I gave my word that I'm not a serial killer?" Steve asked as he opened the door for them, letting her walk in first.
"No," Tony warbled out. Things were drifting in his vision, like he was on a boat in the middle of the storm. "I feel too light."
"I will keep you informed, Captain Rogers," the AI said as if he could read Steve's thoughts. "I would like to recommend that you also get some rest. Night is approaching and I believe that it will be troublesome to find a time to rest coming morning."
"Of course," Steve nodded. "It'd be our pleasure in fact. I'm sure the boys have been missing each other, they haven't talked for, what? Three, four days?" Steve said, looking at Tony who was smirking.
I am still in awe with how many of you read this, and like this fic, and all your awesome comments, and kudos and subscriptions and bookmarks. I smile every time I see the numbers and the words. So Thank You! Each and every one of you.
"Sir, the time is currently Seven am," Jarvis said several hours later, jolting Tony from his reading for a pancake recipe. "I believe that if you are to make breakfast before young Master Peter awakens, you should head up now to prepare."
"Sorry kids, you don't get to see my little party trick after all," Bruce muttered, walking over to the monitor.
"Because no one else went through what I did," Tony bit out. "I can't close my eyes for five minutes without being gripped by fear, and I would never want someone to know even an inkling of what I went through, because that would wreck their lives." He closed his eyes tightly, seeing the spark of white flash with the darkness, putting too much pressure on his eyelids. "No one else was there! I can't-"
"Hi Mom," Wade grinned over at his mom. "Did you see how I stood up there, and stayed quiet, and didn't even fidget that much!"
“I can do what I can,” the sorcerer answered.  He watched Steve take a step closer to him, cradling Tony carefully to his chest.
Tony tried to get away, but his limbs were cold, they felt heavy. He felt hands on his shoulders, shaking him.
"I'm filing that information away," the older woman smirked, and Tony blinked, realizing he had given her useful ammunition for the future.
"I'm gonna talk you through this. There's two people outside the door, but you went into a pretty crowded store, so good job." Tony was letting Jarvis take autopilot in the flight while he focused on this. He saw a message from Bruce; He was unable to get a hold of Natasha or Clint as well. "Still got some adrenaline pumping through your veins?"
“Yeah, but you don’t want too,” Steve said to him. “You don’t want to stop being Iron Man yet, either.”
"Because you surprised me by being here, and I don't actually want to talk to your boss," Tony told her.
There was a pause before she got the answer that she thought she might get. "I'm afraid that I am unable to share that information." Mary nodded, heading for the stair access door. "But, I believe that perhaps Dr Banner could." She stopped, then smiled a little. "He is currently in possession of his Starkphone."
Black clad shoes hit the ground just in front of Tony’s face and they were off again, jumping at the agents at the SUV’s door, a soft female grunt reaching his ears. “Need a little help?” The cuffs fell off of Tony’s wrists as one of his briefcase suits landed on the ground.
Mary gave him a soft smile, then put a hand on Peter's back, rubbing gently. "Peter, wake up baby, we're home." Peter snuffled a little in her shoulder, wiggling a bit. "There's a surprise for you baby." The soon to be two-year-old sat up a little in her arms, still tired, then stretched his arms. Mary put her forehead against the boys, and whispered something to him.
Gently shutting the door, latching the chain lock, and turning the deadbolt, he turned around to take in his surroundings. Taking a deep breath, Steve knew that things had changed, but he wasn't sure what was going to happen now.
"You did in fact not tell me," he said, pinching her arm a little bit. "You now work for the agency with too many names?"
"I'm sorry, it is me." He took another breath. "You asked. What you were asking about is me."
"Probably, it's something Pepper picked out. Oh! Petey!" Tony picked up Peter suddenly and jumped up from the couch. "You gotta see what Mr Steve made!" Mary glanced at Steve, a smirk on her face, when Tony willingly used his first name. "Actually, everyone's gotta see this, come on! It's the reason that a multi-million dollar painting is on the floor. I should probably pick that up before Pepper sees it." He used his foot to at least prop it up to lean against the wall. "Look!"
"That's because I don't swim," Tony said casually, grabbing a pile of towels, lining them up on a table.
"You don't know that." Tony opened his eyes, looking ahead, feeling Steve behind him. "Used to be a time that I couldn't even get function without alcohol. Who knows, maybe I'll be better if I go back to that." Steve's hand squeezed his right, his left resting on top of Tony's now, but not trying to pull away from the decanter. "Won't have to think, that's for sure, won't have nightmares because my brain will too busy drowning itself with too much activity, or maybe too little, I'm not really sure."
The man looked between Tony and Peter, his gaze lingering on the boy. His arm lowered a little, the gun pointing down now. "Peter, get back," Tony said quietly. "Get back to the stairs."
"-and I saw your face practically melt." He could Mary was smiling now. "Peter found your heart that day." Tony blinked at her words, glancing over to the old arc reactor that Pepper had left for him in his workshop.
"Hopefully we can find out if someone is working with them, or if they've stolen someone's DNA," Natasha commented. She glanced at Tony for a second, then looked back at Steve. "We might have a lead on another location." That had Steve's attention. "It's a flimsy one, but if it's right, then this would be one of their main locations, one that they wouldn't be able to move quickly, or want to move at all."
Stark seemed to be taking in stride though, and Steve wasn't sure how. Even he would have had to have words by now with the reporters. It looked like the man was barely able to move from the car to the door of Stark Industries with all the people surrounding him, and Steve felt a pang of sympathy for the man. He had been through that once, when he was the showman for the Army. But his admirers were kind, they were mostly fans.
“That’s because Peter follows what Wade does, and Wade is on a mint chocolate chip kick right now,” Tony grumped a little. “All I have to do is get Wade to start eating the superior Butter Pecan, and all of my troubles will be solved.”
Steve shook his head. “I want to keep most of it a surprise. This is about destressing him.”
"Well, I was making a list," Mary's eyes narrowed a little more, "and I realized that there's a lot on my plate right now. So, I needed to make it smaller."
Tony had taken his sweet time getting everything right with the suit, the Mark II. And then because there were so many pieces he had to design a custom machine to assemble it. Much like what they had put together in that cave in Afghanistan, this one would work with his robots, work with something that he knew, and could calculate.
"There are so many things wrong with that last sentence," Rhodey said, hanging his head, causing Tony to grin. "And one day, you'll have to call him by his real name."
"And it will happen," Loki hissed, stepping closer to Steve and Tony suddenly. He narrowed his eyes at Tony. "I cannot control how this magic will work, and the only thing that you must do is wait for it to work. That is the only thing you can do."
"Bucky's oldest sister," Steve reminded him as they headed for the elevator. Tony leaned in to press on the touch pad and the little girl was trying to lean forward when she saw the lights flash.
The doors closed and Tony lilted a little to the side, closing his eyes. Steve put a hand on his side to catch him. "Son of a bitch! He was not gentle when he stole my bullet."
"I can believe it," Tony nodded. "You've been like this almost as long as I've known you. What would the world do if they knew that their paragon of virtue was not nearly as innocent as they believe?"
The browser popped up, pulling up an entry in a blog, and the two SHIELD Agents looked at each other. Twitter was brought up, looking at the trending topics, and they knew this was about to get bad, fast.
“We’re okay,” Wade replied, a little shakily. Tony started to pull himself over the center console towards the back, noticing how both boys were unbuckling themselves and moving closer to Jamie. Tony had never heard her cry so loud, but he figured she’d never been involved in something as physically jarring. Their daring escape from Hydra had her cushioned and sheltered in his arms, not bouncing around in the back of a car.
"If I could just get your names, and see some ID," she said putting a clipboard up on the desk with a pen.
Tony looked down and thought he saw something rippling like water in the air, but the ball was gone again. “Iron Man, report.” Tony looked up and flew back up as Steve’s voice crackled through the comms.
"I have to get back to my son, let's make this quick, Rhodey." They both aimed their weapons, his repulsor's charging up, and the garden was awash with flashes, and bullets. Tony and Rhodey moved in a circle, backs to each other, like the well-oiled machine that they could be after years of knowing each other.
“We’re getting into an area I don’t need to know anything about,” Bucky said with a slight grimace. Steve stepped behind Bucky to quickly pull on the clothes, and towel dry his hair enough.
Tony watched him closely, letting out a breath when he stopped coughing, pulling him into his chest, arms around him. His own heart was beating so fast that he was sure it would override the arc reactor, and bring the shrapnel into his his heart from the fear and adrenaline alone. Peter sniffed and Tony felt some of his tears on his neck. His heart broke a little at the sound and the tears.
“Your chariot awaits,” Tony said as he walked over and opened the passenger door for him. “I do kind of have a plan though, you’ll see.”
"What level of lockdown is the Tower in, Jarvis?" He asked walking down the hall.
"Says the man with the custom mansion." Mary let out a tiny little sigh. "Thank you, Tony." Tony smiled,
Tony was looking forward to tonight, though; when Peter would call, and Mary had said that he wanted to wish Tony Happy Birthday. His last birthday had been almost the same, and unsurprisingly to him, the best Birthday he'd had since he could remember. he didn't tell Mary this, but after a one-year-old Peter had gotten out "Happy Birfday, Daddy!", Tony may have teared up afterwards a little in the privacy of his own bedroom.
Peggy pushed some of Tony’s hair back with her hand, still smiling at him. “Evelyn was Steve’s first pokemon, did you know that?” Tony shook his head back and forth, eyes wide. “He called her Vee, just like you do.” If possible, Tony’s eyes got even bigger. “She’s very particular about who she likes, she’s been trying to protect Steve ever since they met, before he became Captain America.” Peggy leaned in a little to whisper to him. “She’s never liked your father.” Tony tried not to giggle. “You must truly be as extraordinary as I know you are if Evelyn has taken to you so quickly.”
"You are relentless," he chuckled out, keeping back more reactions as she pulled on each toe separately.
"Colonel Rhodes is approaching, Sir," Jarvis intoned, and Tony pulled the elemental demonstration away and onto the computer, hiding it.
Tony nodded and pushed himself up, grabbing his shoes by the door. He wiped his forehead from the sweat that had gathered from the nightmare before pulling his shoes on and tying them. Peter would probably be up by eight at the latest, and it was going to be Saturday. Tony remembered that Saturdays were pancake days.
"Put on the suit."
“To become the true Jedi that he can be,” Tony said primly.
“Out in the field, still Iron Man,” Steve told him, then took a quick glance around the room. “Where is your suit?” That’s when Tony grinned, taking a couple steps back. He tapped his fingers on his thumbs in some kind of sequence.
Walking inside silently, Tony carefully crept in the bed, and wrapped an around the little boy. "I will always keep you safe," he whispered, gently resting his forehead against Peter's. "No matter what. I will do anything."
Tony grinned, holding his phone up to take the pictures. Steve was trying not to blush as Princess Aurora kissed his cheek, and Tony reached down to high five Peter standing next to him. He had already sent the picture of the actress kissing Peter’s cheek, and kissing Jamie’s cheek, looking delighted at her little costume.
Tony shoved the phone in Steve's hands, making the blonde's eyes widen. "Delay her for me."
Tony let out a couple more body shaking sobs, catching his breath. He opened his eyes, keeping his head tilted down, eyes meeting Steve's chest. Tony turned Steve's hands a little, so that his palms were resting against him. Then, he started to slide his hands down, until one palm rested completely on the arc reactor. He felt Steve tense a little, but then the fingers curled slightly around the reactor, pressing against the skin around it. Tony shivered, fought the feeling of rising panic, and didn't move.
“Howard,” Peggy hissed, sounding angry. “You had those balls locked up? For how long? Did you even try to open them?”
"You hang them up around the house," Peter said with a proud smile.
Steve tried not to feel guilty. He knew there were things that they kept from the kids, but it was because they really didn’t need to know about some of the dangerous things that happened; like when Tony had been kidnapped, and eventually brought home Jamie. They didn’t need to know what had happened to Tony though.
"Do they really think that it's the best course of action to try and fool him?" Mary saw the plans to set up a room that would appear to be from the 40's. "There are so many variables that we don't about when he was alive, and this particular plan would require getting every detail right."
"Great, won't need anything though," Tony said. "Because it's been over five years, I think I know how-"
“Now, that, I know you don’t believe in.” Strange led him through a room that held dozens of artifacts on stands and inside glass cases.
“That’s not funny, Stark.” Sam was shaking his head.
"Wait! Wait!" Tony frowned, now at Cap. Who was he to step into this argument? "Hold on, how is this now about me?"
“It turns out that I can’t do that, though,” Phil closed the file, but kept his hand inside the cover. “It was a paperwork nightmare getting you transferred to Tony’s care, because he’s technically not next of kin, and of course Peter is too young.” Mary hummed, nodding, wondering along with Steve where this was going. “I thought to myself, I know how to take care of this, and really, it’s just been long overdue.” Coulson swiveled a bit, slid off the bed and down to the ground. On one knee. Holding up a ring. “Mary, will you let me be the one to fill out your paperwork, and take care of you, for the rest of your life, as my wife?”
"When did you get here?" Peter asked his grandparents. Steve saw Tony looking at the breakfast plate like it had the answers to the universe on it.
He stepped into Mary's room, seeing William sitting there, reading the morning paper. He nodded to Tony, folded up the paper, and got up, stepping out. Tony idly wondered if Jarvis had warned him, or maybe there was some kind of parent things going on there. Stepping up to the bed, Tony sat on the edge of the bed, glancing at Mary, looking peaceful.
Tony glanced at Steve, and at the same moment Jamie was looking over at them, and let out a curious noise. The two boys turned around on the couch at her sound, and Tony winced a tiny bit.
"And then you get to deal with both Peter and Mary when you tell them that you've moved them in," Steve reminded him.
"Probably," she nodded. "Since Tony has already come out about having a son we don't have to try and hide as much, and it'll be easier for Peter to see his Daddy." Mary leaned her head back a little to look at Steve. "And it's closer to work, and my fiancé."
"What's SR-71's record?" If Tony was going to test this out, and eventually brag about it, he wanted all the numbers.
Tony nodded at Bruce. "That's just the prototype." Tony looked back over at Steve. "I'm kind of the only name in clean energy right now."
"We're gonna get some air," William said to Tony as Rachel walked out of the room as well. "Your, AI?" Tony nodded, "he said that he was alert us if anything changed, or when dinner was ready."
He thought that perhaps he would offer to take Peter back to his apartment to pack some stuff, Steve still needed to get some of his stuff from his own place. Steve wasn't sure if Tony would want to go with them, but he’d see what happened when he offered it.
“This is like watching a whole new Rogers,” Sam piped up as he took a drink from his glass. “All manners, and language over here. Where was all that in DC?”
Meg was right, her location was basically unknown at the time. Last that she had been tracked was by passport entering France. And that was almost eight months ago. She had indeed left only two weeks after Meg’s boyfriend had died, and barely kept up any correspondence with her beloved niece. After a little more digging, Tony had been able to decrypt a file stating that Emil Dittmar, former Handler of one Winter Soldier, had in fact been killed by said assassin in Italy. Hilda had left to go look for the Winter Soldier, unaware that he had already made his way back to the United States.
“I don’t think that’s how it works, Stark,” Bucky said with a raised eyebrow. “We’ve got years of friendship going for us. Unbreakable bonds of friendship!”
"Without revealing who I am?" Steve raised an eyebrow. Didn't that kind of go against everything she had just scolded him about?"
At first glance he could see equations, things that he seen before scanning in the files that Clint and Natasha had brought back from their first raid. But he saw that the equations were longer, more variables. He brought up the graphs to compare them with, and frowned harder, but not in confusion. He could see a couple of Bruce's test results in the other corner, and proceeded to bring those into view. Tony's stomach dropped.
Unbeta'd as per usual, and Marvel owns more than me.
"I should have started sucking up to you a long time ago!" Tony aimed a grin at her. "But, seriously, you're looking real good, Rachel."
"I don't even stay on this floor that often," Steve told him and sat up on the couch. "We're usually up on his floor." Sam raised an eyebrow at him as he dropped into a large chair. "We're an item, is that still a good term? It sounds weird to say."
“One day, you’re going to be in trouble with me,” Steve muttered into his ear.
He hurried back around the corner and over to Tony, down in the snow in a second. "Tony? Are you okay?" He was holding a cloth to his face with one hand, the other on his chest.
"You are Captain Whatever-I-Want-To-Call-You!"
//\\//\\
??” Steve gave a little snorted and chuckled a couple times. “So uh, he sees someone, then. And, that doesn’t bother you?”
"You can keep him safe," the voice whispered next to Tony's ear, causing the man to close his eyes and shiver. "Do you want to keep him safe?"
I also don't own the movie "My Best Friend's Wedding", or the scene that Steve attempts to re-do.
Jumping up, Tony kicked the case, and it opened up. He slid his hands into the holds, pulling it up as he turned so that he could face his enemy. The man was looking over at Mary, who was backing up, but a look of determination on her face, and Tony's suit assembled around him.
"We'll be discussing the more important issue at hand with Mary and Coulson, right?" Tony said.
"-America's on that threat list?" That was Bruce's voice, right?
“Steve!” Tony shouted as he ran. He could hear the cold, dark, laugh in his ears. He was suddenly jerked off of his feet, the hand reaching around in front of him to grip one side of his face, pulling him back against a chest.
He glanced down street and saw the black car rolling up to the curb. Tony held his breath, shock running through his body suddenly. He had seen this scene, seen it just this morning. Mary stepped forward and the back door opened, and an excited Peter was throwing himself into Mary's arms. Tony was glancing around, looking for something, anything.
"Wade." Steve stood up, walking around the couch towards the boy. Wade took a step back from Steve, a slight glare on his face.
"Try and smooth over the surprise with Jamie?" Bruce asked, pushing his unfinished coffee towards the engineer.
"Let me guess, whenever she does something wrong-"
"Tony Stark, have you settled down?" Bruce asked, and Tony launched himself for a trash can, pretending to wretch.
"Sir, is that really a priority right now?" Mary asked before Hill could.
"You want to spend the night?" Mary asked, and the little boy nodded. "Did you ask Daddy?"
"You aren't afraid that someone might get a picture of this?" Mary raised an eyebrow.
“You know I don’t really have a-“ Steve paused, tilting his head when he caught sight of something down the line of cars. Tony smirked, rocking back on his heels a little. “I’ve never seen this one before.” Steve bit his lip, smiling a little. “I know this model.”
One shower and a change of clothes later, Steve was rubbing the bridge of his nose as he rode the elevator. As the doors opened one half clothed child ran, hiding behind him, out of breath but grinning. "Peter Parker." Steve looked up to see Mary standing there, the front of her shirt, and part of her pants wet, holding onto Peter's pajama top. "Come put this top on, you know it's time for bed."
"She volunteered!" Tony insisted.
"I am an engineer by trait," he replied, turning back to his work, Jarvis throwing the call to the workshop speakers.
"Strucker," Tony said flatly. "I was right, the name sounded douchey, and it seems to fit you." He looked over the man as stealthily as possible, but froze when he saw the Hydra symbol on the shoulder of his jacket. Fuck.
“Captain?” Steve questioned.
“There had better air conditioning in this outfit,” Steve grumped out eventually. He heard a squawk of delight and Tony side stepped to show Jamie on the bed. She had on a kind of orange poncho, with fur on its head, and two round ears. “You turned her into an Ewok.”
"Important facts?" Steve questioned.
"I also talked to Bruce." Steve stared at her blankly for a second. "I didn't know that Tony took you to see Howard's office."
“You only got one pair?” Steve asked, pretty sure he already knew the answer.
"It'll give me a bone to throw the boys in New York!" Obie continued.
"Sir?" Jarvis' voice was a bit quieter, but Peter just turned into his chest, still asleep. "Miss Rosenfeld has been discharged and is currently enroute to the Tower."
The envelope had Steve's named printed on it, and the back was lightly sealed. It looked like Tony had held onto it for a bit, the corners looking a little worn. Steve opened it and pulled out a thick piece of card stock, a couple of lines of words and numbers printed on it. He raised his eyebrows a little and looked at Tony, who had started to wring his hands a little.
Tony couldn’t resist running his hand through Peter’s hair as he started to eat, before turning to his own plate. “Is everyone gonna be at my party, like last year?” Peter asked in between bites of his breakfast. Tony glanced at Steve. The last he had known there was a standoff between Clint and Natasha, and Bucky, (and by extension Meg.) The two Avengers weren’t going to show up if Bucky and Meg were going to be there. Steve had growled a little, thinking that it was unfair to make them not show up. If Captain America trusted them, then that should have been enough, but Barton and Romanoff didn’t agree. Peter spent more time with Uncle Bucky and Miss Meg more than he did the other two, but they also weren’t to make the boy choose.
Steve hummed and smiled. "Never get tired of that." He pulled Tony closer, kissing him back, but stopping when he felt the brush of Tony's tongue across his lips. "I think this happened on our third date. I think we should eat the food before we get distracted, again."
"I think whenever he gets to the end of one, Peter keeps asking for another," Mary told him, leaning against him. "And he can't say no to Peter."
"Gross, Banner, how could you even suggest that?" Tony stood back up, leaning against a table. "No, that is not a girlfriend, a wife, fiance, any of that stuff. She's a friend."
"I'm here, Petey, I'm right here." He rested his head gently on top of Peter's head. He was vaguely aware of Steve moving to the other side of the bed and sitting down. When he moved his eyes to look, Wade was sitting against Steve's side, watching his best friend. Steve's head leaned down to talk to Wade quietly, rubbing his arm. Wade nodded at something that Steve said.
"I don't even know what you got me, but I'm sure it's amazing," Steve immediately countered. "I know you made it, so that already makes it better than any store bought item. It's the curse of us artistic types." He paused when he heard a sniff. "Are you crying?"
"At ease," she told him, standing her ground, moving an inch to the right as he had moved to his left. "This is the SHIELD, specifically, the SSR." That got him to stop moving, his eyes glancing around, probably looking for proof. She kept one hand up to him, showing it was empty, and reached inside her jacket with her other hand to pull out her badge. She opened it, holding it out to let him examine it. "My name is Mary Parker, Senior Agent, working for SHIELD, formerly of the FBI. You can call to verify if you'd like."
Tony raised an eyebrow, poking Steve's side. "What nest egg?"
“I should be reassuring you,” Steve whispered to him. Tony’s lips twitched slightly in a smile. He squeezed Tony’s hand a little, then just held onto him. Jamie was sniffling, her hiccups going away, and she fell asleep against Tony’s side. Steve hoped that a lot of Tony’s worries could stop now, that he’d actually be able to sleep, to return to some semblance of normal.
“I like the way you think!” Tony grinned as they walked across the lobby to the elevator. With so many people around they had been able to keep a relatively low profile since everyone was focused on their own vacation, also Tony kept his sunglasses on, and Steve was working on wearing some scruff that was turning into a beard. Tony had already let him know that he thought it made the blonde look very roguish, and very handsome.
"Make sure everyone stays on point." She nodded and he headed inside the lab. Mary took a breath and turned around, taking in all the movement around her. Hopefully they would shut this down, get the placed evacuated, and she would be back before morning. It would be Saturday, and that meant pancake day.
“Is it working?”
Mrs Wilson chuckled and smiled. "Thank you again. I'll try not to be gone too long."
“So you ever feel that maybe you need to slow down for a little bit? Just a second?”
"I'm so glad that you have fun, baby." Mary smiled at Peter. "You know the rules, be good for Mr Steve, do what he says. You both have our numbers, and I will call you later, alright?"
Taking a couple more deep breaths, he felt ready to open his eyes, and start to push himself up. "Jarvis," he mumbled out, mouth feeling sticky, and just overall disgusting. "Scan." He got the one word command out and pulled himself up, slowly, and over to the sink so he could brush his teeth.
"Because that whole situation is going to be fun to handle." Tony turned a little, pulling Peter's body to rest on his stomach, the boy practically dead weight as he slept, snoring softly. "He gets his sleeping habits from Mary, obviously."
"I was very specific with them, to not aim for your head when they brought you in," the man continued like Tony hadn't said anything. "I am glad to see they listened. I need your mind intact."
"It's alright," Steve spoke softly to him. "Peter's alright, he's in the kitchen with Bruce."
"I assume you've got Jarvis on full surveillance downstairs?" Steve asked, leaning his side against the couch. Tony could see that Steve was starting to look tired, too. Everyone was looking tired. They just need a break.
"Just don't make me hunt you down again, and pull an emotional confession from you." Tony made a face and she chuckled.
"There are more important things in life than stubbornly staying put," Rachel said to him. "And it doesn't hurt that you're footing the bill." Tony let out a little laugh, smiling.
Steve nodded, adapting into the Captain America persona now that he was armed with more information. "Iron Man, I want you up in the sky, staying away from this things until you can get us more answers about this. Hawkeye, you're our eyes, get to the best vantage point." Clint nodded from his seat. "Widow, you're with me on the ground. We need to shut that thing down, and figure out why it was set up in the first place."
"We're still more than a decade from that eventuality," Jarvis said as Tony took his tablet and moved some furniture around on the generated layout. "I believe that it is natural for children to change their rooms several times during their adolescents with their parents."
“There’s no way to make everyone happy,” Danielle said with a nod. “Alright, so tell me what happened after this call-out. Was it a while ago?”
"Bonus that you'll have an excuse to drop in and see both of us?" She smirked at him.
Anthony.
"Not legally," she shook her head. "My Aunt always called me Meg, so I just started going by that. It's how I was always registered at schools, too, so I always have to fill out that little tab of 'Other Names' on applications and forms." Meg pushed herself from against the wall. "I need to go check on my kids, and then I'm going to lay down. Lock my door, put Jarvis on sentry mode, I don't care. Just, let me know if something happens?" Steve nodded a little and they watched her make her way back to the nursery.
"Yup," he nodded, then looked past Steve for a second. "They didn't want to wake you up, so I said I'd do it when I got up here."
"You didn't," Mary said back to him. Tony had come over to her apartment, and saw some boxes in the living room. This was new.
He didn't want to see what was there. He didn't want to see the darkness, didn't want to think that he was far away from Peter again.
“Don’t jinx us, baby,” Steve told him, giving him a kiss. “We’re going to go out, we’re going to get some food, we’re going to have a special night to make up for the one that we didn’t get one year ago.”
"You know she's more caught up on our show than we are, right?" Tony reached over to grab his tablet, hoping to bring up a video chat.
Peter peered at Phil, not moving away from the arms that were around him though, eyes big. "Are you feeling better? I saw you get hurt and-"
“Ooooh, you’re hitting all the good points, Petey,” Tony said and pressed a hand to his chest dramatically. “Okay, so, Prince wise, he’s totally Philip. Being Sassy with his Dad, and bucking tradition, then fighting a dragon, and storming an impenetrable castle to save the Princess.” Peter nodded, and even Steve had to agree. “Hero wise though, completely Hercules. I mean, the movie could almost be modeled after your life, baby!”
“Something oddly calming happened after a call-out.”
"He set the terms, and I merely agreed," Loki told him. "You know as well as I, until the Arbiter comes, he is bound to truth."
“The Penthouse is now three floors,” Steve countered, eyes narrowing slightly to stop Tony from responding. “Three huge floors.”
"Gotcha, gotcha," Tony nodded, cutting off his AI. "Alright, so let's bring up some recipes with chicken, and sauce. Any allergies?"
“If the scepter were not lost, I might be able to create a loop to protect myself and free Stark,” Loki told him. “As it is now, I am unable to recreate the power needed.” Steve could tell that Loki was keeping something from them, something about the scepter. Fortunately, he was not the only one to have this thought.
“He said he’s trying to work on a spell, to bring him back…. Until then, he said that he’s going to stay like this.” Mary’s head shot up to look at him. “That’s not even the best part.”
"You need to step away," Fury said icily.
"After he's moved to New York, what's the plan?" Mary asked, looking back through the window at the sleeping hero.
“A pleasure to have you back, Captain Rogers,” Jarvis’ voice filtered through the speakers. The elevator started to move on its own.
"Don't want this winding up in the wrong hands," Tony murmured, trying to forget his dream, trying to forget the enemies he was gaining, that might possibly hurt his baby boy. "Maybe in mine, it can actually do some good."
"Chest hurts," Peter murmured after a moment, voice thick with unshed tears and a bit of fear. Tony rubbed his back, holding him close, willing him to feel better.
"Come along, little duckling, I shall teach you how to use a kitchen." Tony's expression deadpanned, grabbing some paper towels as a floor bot started to scrub the mess on the floor. "Pancakes aren't that hard."
“Out like a light,” Steve nodded, wrapped his arm around Tony’s back. “So, how was your day?”
"Nope! Not allowed to tell Tony Stark."
"Well," Julie cut him off with a smile, "to say I misjudged you would be an understatement. Bonus point when you didn't come over with a Non-Disclosure Agreement for us to sign."
"Little Stark," Hulk rumbled out and Peter smiled at him.
"Yeah, buddy, that is today." Tony glanced at the clock that Jarvis was projecting onto the screen that showed the hot rod engine. He should have left already, but he had promised Mary that he would call to say bye to Pete. "I'll be leaving very soon."
Mary shook her head. "He did travel to Afghanistan several years ago," Mary whispered back quickly. "Something did happen over there." She wasn't sure how much to tell him, it was Tony's experience to tell. Steve just nodded, he could work with that.
Tony absently tapped his finger against the arc reactor, looking out the window. If things kept progressing the way they were, he wasn't going to be able to give as much time to peter as he'd like. He needed to set up a legacy for him, to be even more of a role model, an example. Not a disappointment. Tony needed to make up for not being able to spend more with his son.
“I have an idea,” Meg said as she came back over to the little group, done with her call. “Why doesn’t Bucky go with Steve to pick up the boys from school, and Tony you stay here? We’ll work on getting her to say something else than eighty percent of James’ name.”
This chapter is full of feels, mostly Tony feels. I'm still trying to apologize to the Tony that's in my head. But, I tried to make up for it at the end? Fun with music though!
"This is one reason why I'm glad I have a boy," Tony continued on. "I'm a boy, so I have an idea on how to handle boy stuff."
It was cold, and dark. He was wet, and he couldn't see. There was someone there with him, he could feel them behind him. Tony turned on his foot, but there was nothing there.
Tony walked through the living room, then stopped to look out at the water. It was calmer than he’d ever seen it, the sliver of moonlight reflecting off the surface, giving it a dark blue color. He leaned his arm against the glass, then leaned his forehead on his arm. It had been a few years since he’d been back at the Malibu mansion, but it was exactly as he had left it when they moved to New York.
"Think the guy's a friendly?" Steve asked. Tony thought for sure that SHIELD would have updated two of their top agents. How was he the only one who recognized the guy, and the hammer, from the SHIELD profile?
. “Peter doesn’t see a point either. We figure that if it’s something important, you guys will tell us.”
“Unbreakable bonds of sex!” Tony retaliated and Steve closed his eyes, letting out a sigh.
"It would seem another core has been depleted, Sir," Jarvis said seriously. "It has happened faster than our last calculations. I would suggest up the dosage of-"
The woman kept her head down enough that Bucky couldn’t see her face clearly, until she was crossing the street, and was almost right in front of him. “Been a long time since I’ve seen you, Soldier.” He straightened his body and looked at her, and a name came forefront to his mind.
“Deal!” Wade said with a decisive nod.
"I do!" Tony reached over and grabbed his tablet. "Jarvis, get a song queued up to play on Steve's playlist. Something with Mary in the title, let's get the message across."
"Italian," Mary said, helping Peter.
Tony wiggled in his seat a little, the high praise making him uncomfortable. “Yeah, well, you know,” he shrugged casually, playing it off. “It’s just my way of telling you that I need help with the Tower, and you’ll still be helping and all that. I’m working on some redesigns for the Tower, and I think you’re just the man to help me with it. Plus you know, you’re helping.”
Mary followed Coulson down the hallway after stepping out of the elevator. Coulson seemed almost giddy and Mary had raised an eyebrow. She never saw him like this when they were at work."Not that this isn't important, but it isn't something that could have waited until tomorrow?" She caught up and walked next to him, purposely making their arms bump once.
"J, I need a kill switch solution here," Tony called out to his AI as he circled around, shooting the main door of the building that more assailants were about to file out of. An arrow arced over his head, landing inside the new opening, a small explosion sending the three people in the front back into a wall.
"Oh, puh-lease, Stark!" She rolled her eyes at him. "They've had a crush on each other since second grade."
"We're finishing up a game of Go Fish," Mary told him. She looked at him and smiled. "Mom took over Peter's hand, and he was beating me! I need to make a comeback."
“He-he said he was gon-gonna hurt Mom,” Wade sobbed out, hands clutching Steve’s shirt. “I wan-wanted to stop h-him.”
"But there's also the chance that it'll draw the kind of positive reception we're looking for," Steve countered. "It might draw in more help, more volunteers, and supplies."
"Tried using my blood to try and work on the counter measures," Tony started, looking down at his hands. "Turns out, apparently, I'm not a good test subject." He jumped down from the counter as Steve took a step towards him. "The man has been dead for more than Twenty years, and yet somehow, Howard Stark still manages to fuck around with everything."
"That's really the only condition that I put in the contract," Tony said, his voice lighter now, a bit of the show Tony coming out. He couldn't stop himself sometimes, Tony didn't like to do emotions. "Legal said I couldn't keep the part about Justin Hammer in there, but I thought I'd tell you."
"Gotta get the all clear from Mama, but yeah," Tony responded. "Would you like that?"
“You won’t like it when we do,” Steve promised her.
His eyes widened and lifted his arms before trying to swim back up to the surface. Just because he didn’t swim anymore, didn’t mean he didn’t know how too. Tony felt more in control then the last time he found himself in water, and started kicking his feet. His body continued falling in a downward motion though, and the waves were fading away, the light of the moon growing dimmer. But, he could still see the pinpricks of the stars in the sky.
"I'll contact you." Fury said, then looked back down at the tablet. He was apparently done with Tony. Tony huffed out a breath, feeling anger curl in his stomach, but he knew when he wasn't going to get anything else. It didn't mean that he was done, but it would be useless to continue. Plus, he had to get back to Peter. He felt a little guilty then, hoping that he could distract Peter from thought about Agent by letting him see Mary.
"No, something else is going on with them," Bruce told him. He took off his glasses to rub between his eyes. "Tony, how do they have so much of your Dad's stuff?"
Thor ripped off the gold faceplate as Steve dropped to his knees. "Is he breathing?" He practically whispered. He couldn't see anything with the suit around Tony, couldn't see his chest, couldn't feel for a heartbeat. Steve put his hand on the suit, and paled a little, seeing no blue glow. Could he rip the chest plate off to give him CPR? Could he do it without breaking Tony's ribs completely?
“Yeah, but fireworks haven’t started yet, so I can still get some people to possibly give us a private lunch if I asked,” Tony pointed out. Steve looked over at him. “I didn’t…. A lot of people like to, actually do stuff, so I let them enjoy the day. There was a voice that sounded suspiciously like yours in the back of my head.”
"Tony Stark, asking me for a favor?" He had Bruce invested in the favor at least. "Alright, my curiosity is peeked, against better common sense."
Unbeta'd as usual. No IM1 scenes, but more of Tony being a great actor, cause that's what our little Stark does.
Except, he didn’t recognize any of the constellations. He turned his head and realized that the stars were all around him, not just above him. Tony twisted his body in a circle, but it didn’t feel the same as if he were in the water. No, he was back in space. His feet touched ground and he suddenly fell to his knees from the surprise of something solid beneath him.
Tony threw himself up, trying to get away, but logically he knew he wouldn't get away, not in time. The blast threw his body back through the air, landing on his back. His chest Hurt, it stung, his head was swimming. Tony gripped the buttons of his shirt, ripping it open, looking at the armored vest, noting for a second that it was darkening with something.
"That's not how the world works anymore, Captain," George said to him, taking a step back. "You have to do whatever it takes to get ahead in this world."
"That's in Queens," Tony shot back. "That's in New York, which is actually on the complete other side of the country." Tony frowned when he saw some of Peter's stuff already packed as well.
"Yeah, I hear that a lot." The Agent was still talking, right he was still there. "Listen, I know this must be a trying time for you, but we need to debrief you." Coulson kept going. "There's still a lot of unanswered questions, and time can be a factor with these things."
“What do you mean he left?” Steve asked with a frown. “Did Julie come to get him?” They were both positive that that wasn’t the case.
"He might do it to other Mama's, though," Peter said. He had clearly thought about this. "Phil will come get me."
"Yeah, but one of them has your name, oh right, and they're your godchildren." He swore he heard the little smirk in her voice.
Steve could hear the splashing behind him, and headed for the changing room. He couldn't help but wonder why Tony didn't swim, but figured that he would tell him in his own time.
Steve had made sure to keep Clint and Natasha far away from Bucky and Meg, and still make time with both Jamie and Peter. He was determined to get them to semi get-along, because he was also determined that the four of them would go to Disneyland as a family. It was endearing, even if Tony thought that he held such lofty goals.
“He was gonna get Mom, he even said that he was gonna kill Peter’s Dad. It was stupid, for nothing.” Wade frowned as he thought about it. “He didn’t want Mom to move on, but why should he get any right to us? He hurt us, mentally and physically. He lost any right to us the first time he laid a hand on us.” It almost didn’t seem like Wade was talking to him anymore. “He deserved it, he pretty much demonstrated that down in the basement.” Wade frowned to himself, before seeming to shake it off and looked up at Steve. “It’s not like I wanted to do it. He gave me no choice.”
"Jarvis will put the building on lock down," Tony said as he neared his floor.
“You two were perfect,” Tony reassured them. “Clint and Natasha are gonna get you away from the fight, alright? I’m gonna help Pops clean this up real quick, and then we can go home.”
"I didn't say that it was a good solution." Tony rolled his eyes and took a drink of his coffee. "He and Meg have been talking." Steve jumped back when Tony spit out his coffee, wide eyed. "Would have been my reaction, too."
"That's different," Tony tried to argue. "I'm working on important stuff, lots of stuff, stuff." Steve raised an eyebrow at him. "Work stuff. Of course." Uh huh. "I've got your harness." Tony said and turned around, heading back for the table he had been working at, Steve following behind him. "It works on a magnet system, which should make things easier than trying to hook it."
“You’re not looking so bad yourself,” she said, giving him a quick once over. “Apparently this cross-country trip Tony told me about has done you a little good?”
"When Peter eats dinner with him, yes," Mary said as she nodded. "They don't get to eat dinner together that often, specially now that Peter has started school." Mary closed the door, locking the deadbolt and Steve followed her into the kitchen to help. He saw a few containers that must have had the promised food in them too. "He picks up Peter from school when work will keep me over, and it really helps me out."
While Tony had collected the data from the new arc reactor, and collected himself from the previous phone call, he had managed to get in touch with Pepper and Happy, telling her over and over that he was fine, and he was at the Manor with Peter. She should stay where she was, New York wasn't safe at the moment, and was just pure chaos. Jarvis assured Tony that Steve was asleep before he made his way back upstairs. Looking in on Peter, Tony checked that the little boy was still asleep, happy to see that he wasn't having bad dreams, or nightmares, yet. Maybe he would get lucky. Tony walked past his door, stopping at the door that he knew Mary was behind. He took a deep breath before slowly pushing the door open, stepping inside.
"I think I'm owed a moment to see to him," Tony growled out. "Mary would be demanding the same thing if she were here right now, and Peter was with him when Loki attacked him. I have a right to see him." Fury looked ready to shoot Tony down, but he wasn't done yet. "My son was put in danger because of the secrets that your organization had, his mother is now in a coma because of your actions, and I put my life on the line to help clean up your mess and save the world! I think you all owe me!"
“Well, I don’t know,” Wade answered first. “She seems interested in the pancakes, but we don’t know if she understands that they’re special.”
"I can't just let you buy something for me like that-"
When Steve stepped out, he stopped, smiling widely, almost laughing that they had decided to wear the same three pieces of clothing, just in different colors. Steve shot him a dazzling smile and walked over to him, leaning in to kiss him softly. "You look, really, good," Tony said when they pulled back. "You cut your hair, too."
"I had figured as much," Mary responded in the same soft tone. "And normally, I would have stayed like that all night-"
"Ugh, Steven," Tony groaned out, pressing his face into his pillow that Steve's head was starting to steal. "That was almost six months ago. You are allowed to splurge and get a haircut more than once a year. You could even lighten your hair too, just a little, right at the top. It would be completely natural looking." He tilted his head so their faces were a couple inches apart. "You know I'm stalling until you feel more comfortable, right?"
"Tony," Mary's voice sounded through the workshop. The traitor AI.
"Comfort wins out!" Tony said in triumph. "Little do you all know that my very slow plan to completely corrupt America's national icon is in full force, and I'm winning." Mary snorted with a smile, putting Peter back down on the ground, but still holding his hand. "In three years I fully expect to see him getting arrested for disturbing the public." Steve elbowed Tony's side, dropping his head a little.
“You are a good man, Tony. Allowing him the chance to make it up to you.”
“You know, when i said that they offer to talk, whenever you wanted too? That doesn’t expire. Just because I said it two years, doesn’t mean that I’ve forgotten, or that it doesn’t still hold water.” He watched as Wade looked at the wall ahead of him. They both knew what he was talking about. When right after Steve had rescued Wade from his Father. When Wade had shot Colonel Wilson.
"I think there's going to be a lot in there," Tony said quietly. Tony wasn't exactly looking forward to it.
“This seems to have had a serious effect on you.” Tony looked at him with a deadpanned expression. “But, for you to come to me-“
"Pretty sure that should be the other way around, Stark."
"My apologies, Sir, but I'm afraid that my systems were compromised by an electromagnetic pulse of some foreign origin."
A little hand reached out to touch his nose again, and Tony couldn't help but kiss the tiny palm when it came back down. "This might be tough for him at first, so try not to hold that against him. He didn't have time to prepare for this, and now he's being given another full time job. He won't regret, I know him, so try to go easy on him if he starts to look tired, or something." She made a soft sound and started to smile. Tony moaned a little. "Of course you're going to have his smile, I can see it already." Tony took a breath and licked his lips. "I care a lot about him, I mean, so much that I can't even comprehend the level of what I'm feeling, so I'll be there at his side. All the time. And that means that I'll be there if you ever need anything, too. I'm going to protect you." Tony brought his hand, thumb brushing over one of her round cheeks. "He won't let you down," he whispered.
"I more than like it," Tony said, grinning at him. "I love it. This is my favorite present ever!" Peter giggled and grinned. Tony was sure that he'd be saying that every year, but he was sure that Peter's gifts would always be his favorite. Being able to spend his birthday with Peter would be worth the awkward conversations with Pepper and Happy later.
Tony froze, gasping when a sharp pain lanced through his shoulder. He brought up a hand to press to the spot, then pulled it back to see it was wet with blood. There was a intake of breath and he looked at Rachel and his eyes widened. There was a scream on the sidewalk and Tony was lunging forward to catch Rachel as she started to fall back. He could see the shaft of what looked like a small arrow protruding from her chest.
Steve looked at Tony, giving him a little smile, then smiled at Peter, nodding. "That's good, I'm glad that you didn't get hurt."
"Ah, of course, that super soldier appetite," Tony said with a nod. He pulled out his phone from his pants pocket and started scrolling through his messages. "Oh, hey, Mary. Thought I'd mention, I'll take Peter right after his birthday party, Wade'll be staying over the two nights after."
"No!" Tony gasped. "Not that!"
"And he comes towards you... the moves of a jungle cat." Mary was trying very hard to not laugh, grinning at him. "And although you, quite correctly, sense that he is..." Steve paused, looking side to side with his eyes, then back at Mary, "bi, like most devastating handsome single men of his age are, you think," Steve closed his phone, then took her phone, setting them down on the closest table, the table that just happened to be the one that Tony was sitting at, "what the hell, life goes on. Maybe there won't be marriage, no you've already done that," Steve smiled, taking one of her hands, "maybe there won't be sex," he made a shocked face and Mary could keep her laugh in that time. "But, by God, there'll be dancing." Steve spun her out, keeping a hold of her hand.
"What's the little genius going to do?" Tony asked, reaching for a different tool.
“You taught this to yourself?” Steve asked, a bit of surprised leaking into his tone. Tony just smirked a little, and nodded.
"Nope," Mary shook her head. "He's Mama's work friend, so not a stranger." Steve was glad to hear that this boy knew not to trust strangers, at least not without an adult around.
"Yeah, but-"
Tony started shaking his head, taking a step back. "No. No, absolutely not." No one could touch his arc reactor, except for Peter, and himself. And maybe Pepper and Rhodey, sometimes.
"Well, I asked Mr Steve to move in with me. Is that okay?" It was important to Tony that Peter approved, even if he already approved of their relationship. He had told Steve before, and he'd stick by it til the end of his days, but Peter came first. Always.
Steve tried not to shake his head a little. “He went to go see Dr Strange today.” Mary raised an eyebrow, and that’s when Steve knew that Mary didn’t know about the recent troubles with Tony. It seemed that Steve had been the only one he talked about what he was experiencing after the Battle. Steve obviously hadn’t said anything to her, because it was up to Tony on if he wanted anyone else to know or not. “Loki did something to him, and I don’t really know how to explain it. There was, someone? Something? Out there controlling Loki, and it had gotten into Tony’s mind.” Mary raised a hand to her face, but didn’t look away from Steve.
"I'm starting to think they do this on purpose," Steve said, slinging his shield on his back as the jet took off for their destination.
Tony watched Steve from the safety of the hallway by the elevator. Saw him talking with Wade's mom, playing all three babies, and watching Jamie start to crawl. He tilted his head back a little when he felt someone come up behind him, soft hand sliding on his shoulder.
"What were you thinking?" Steve had a hard time associating the hissed voice in his ear with Bucky, but the man was standing in front of him, threatening him again.
Coulson slipped into Mary's office and she glanced up. It wasn't very often that she could be found in her office, because that meant that she actually had to do paperwork, and she didn't really like it. "This doesn't look like a social visit, hunny bunny." Coulson smirked a little at her over-exaggerated pet name for him.
Tony hummed, nodding as the bakers brought in the cake to the kitchen space. Blue ombre, with blue and purple butterflies streaking up the side. "That is a beautifully done cake."
Tony let out a sigh. "One day, we won't have to worry about any of this. I won't have to worry that Peter thinks I don't spend enough time with him, or that I don't love him enough."
"Yeah, but when he's done with work, he'll come back here," Peter responded. Tony was usually impressed with the fact that Peter had started developing logical reasoning at such an early age. Until it came to his love life. "Like Phil would come back and see Mama when he came home from work. Mama and Granma were right." Steve and Tony looked at each other, then looked over at the two women in question.
"You're in New York," the voice was speaking again. It was older, commanding, but soft. "You're in your house, in New York. Open your eyes, Tony." Tony shook his head a little. "You have to do it Tony, you need to breathe. You're hyperventilating, part of a severe anxiety attack."
Tony heaved in a breath, trying to force his body to move as Stane started to leave the living room. He had had to stop him! He had Peter! The front door opened, then closed again, as Tony threw himself onto the floor, panting for breath.
"I'm sure it would be. Steve, help me out here," Mary turned to look at the blonde.
"I'm not letting you go alone," Steve replied.
"I don't think that's a wise idea," Tony grumbled. "This probably isn't the best time-"
“Have you bought half the store yet?” He asked the little boy who looked very contemplative.
Pietro leaned in a little and Steve tried to pull back. “She looks just like you, unsurprisingly.” Steve almost growled at him, and Pietro nearly smirked.
"But I'm really pushing how much I need to drink." Tony and Jarvis had raised the dose again last week, but Tony was starting to get more headaches, and getting dizzy again. "Jarvis, bring up the work we've already done. Show Bruce the elemental test we've already done."
“I’m going to make a sass meter for you,” Tony threatened. “Alright, baby girl,” he place a hand on top of Jamie’s head. “Let’s go get the pictures of Daddy and Peter, yeah?” She pushed at his arm as Tony stood back up and headed for the building.
Steve hummed along with the piano, inwardly pleased at how well Tony was playing. “We have a song now, you know,” he commented, and Tony snorted out a chuckle.
Tony leaned in with Peter, pointing to where Peter's hand was always resting on the arc reactor. "It even looks like it's glowing, doesn't it?"
“Here’s the beauty!” Tony picked up Jamie, raising up to make her giggle and kissing her cheeks, before cradling her in his arm. With his free hand he plucked at her red cape, lifting it up, then pulling some red fabric out. After a little maneuvering, Jamie was settled against his chest. “There are some built in straps in her outfit that go over the shoulders, and tie around our waists. No need to keep switching the Mobi wrap out, because this once, she comes with her own carrying system.”
"Because I was simply waiting for the correct person to speak with," Loki said drolly, rolling his eyes. The two man turned to stare at him. "I am no fool, I know that we would return to Asgard soon, and things will not work out favorably for me." Tony snorted, crossing his arms over his chest. "I have decided to take this time to work on my defense."
"Because Steve isn't one of the most popular first names in the past, like, hundred years," she snorted with a smirk. "Alright, creeper, let's see the playlist. I'm going to judge you on your music choices while you look over the menu." Steve took out his phone, setting it on the counter and picked up the laminated menu. "Is this a Starkphone?"
"Well, we want to take the high ground," Rhodey pointed up to the hills. "So let's put the biggest gun up there, on that ridge." Tony nodded and they both headed for the same direction then stopped. "Where are you going?"
Taking a deep breath through his nose, Tony nodded and went into his room. He put Peter down on the middle of the bed, and quickly changing his clothes. Tony moved the blankets, pulling Peter over to him, running his fingers through Peter's hair a little, Peter's hand instinctively resting on his arc reactor. "Merry Christmas, kiddo," he said softly. "I'm glad you're here." Tony bit back a yawn and closed his eyes.
"We still have to tell Granma and Granpa," Mary told Peter, pulling the boy up on to the couch when he came back over to her. "Let's not ruin the surprise yet."
"You've got this on lock down?" Tony jumped at the sound of a new voice in his workshop, hitting his head on the chest piece of the Mark VII armor. He turned around, hand on his head, until he saw Bruce standing there, large hiking backpack on his shoulder, couple of duffle bags in his hands.
"Pretend you're not seeing anything," Tony said automatically. "Really, I'm just lacking the energy to kick you out of the kitchen." And he kind of didn't want to be left alone just yet. When the drink was done he had planned on checking on Peter while he grabbed some pain killers.
"Dean Winchester is a kindred spirit."
"The Expo will draw attention from anything that might happen, or be happening." Fury had contacted Coulson directly. Something was happening at their facility that held the Tesseract, and he asked Coulson to get someone to go with him. Maria Hill was already there. Coulson would have gone himself, but Fury said that he wanted him here to hold down the New York office. The next best person would be Mary, of course.
“You can hear me sneaking up on you from like, two miles away, but you can’t tell that I had you eating from the palm of my hand?” Wade gave him a dumbfounded look.
"You can't realistically keep that promise," Tony murmured, twisting his body a little so he could get more comfortable. It didn't seem that Steve was going to be letting go anytime soon. "We fight in the same battles sometimes, I'm going to get hurt."
Somehow, Steve managed to get Tony and Peter changed and freshened up within the hour, ready to go eat in order to be back to watch a movie before it was too late for Peter to go to sleep. The walk back to the hotel room brought up some interesting conversation though, at least to Steve. They had seen a couple of Disney Princes in the restaurant and Peter had wanted a picture with them all.
Steve walked over quietly, and slid down on the floor, wedging himself between Tony and the couch. He reached down and lifted Wade’s legs so that he was now sleeping on both Steve and Tony, and shook his head at the weirdness of the sleeping position. His arm went out to wrap around Tony’s waist and he gently dropped a kiss on the back of Tony’s neck. The sleeping man hummed a little and turned his minutely.
To her credit, she looked him right in the eyes when she answered. "Captain Rogers, and myself." Tony opened his mouth to protest, but Steve locked eyes with him, and shook his head. Tony frowned angrily, mouth clicking closed that everyone heard his teeth chatter together before he locked his jaw.
"Tony?" Tony glanced over at Steve, nodding a little, shaking his hand when the blonde extended the formality. Wow, did he had a hell of a grip.
“Or, we could order some food to the room and not have to leave at all,” Steve suggested, stopping front of Tony and resting his hands on his waist. “I don’t know if I’ve said Happy Birthday enough times today. I could tell you more, tonight, as well. Maybe the kids will get tired early, and fall into a deep sleep-“ Tony pressed forward to capture Steve’s lips in a kiss.
"So the internet says." William snickered a bit, Rachel backhanding his shoulder a little. "Are you going to try and intercept Peter before he gets back to Steve?"
Tony blinked a little, wondering if that was what it was like when he started to ramble. Peter seemed to be picking up more and more from him. “Uh, yeah,” he nodded a little. “He’s going with the ‘Papa’ term.” Tony was a little hesitant to tell him that, not sure how Peter would take it. It seemed that he was warming up to Jamie, slowly but surely, and Steve had obviously heard something when Peter was-
“There’s never enough to learn in the kitchen, Tony,” Steve argued, taking a bite of his food. Tony rolled his eyes with a smile.
Peter put his hands up, asking silently if he could ask Mary about the sleeping arrangements, and Tony put the phone in his hand after tapping a few times and Steve could hear the phone ringing. Peter started to hop around a little with the phone pressed up to his ear, and Steve looked back over at Tony. Tony caught Steve's eye, and Steve could tell that he wasn't going to back down first. This was not the same man that he had talked to over the phone, (was it the phone, it was technically the tablet), he could tell by the eyes that this man remembered that night, and he wasn't about to bring it up. Steve would have too.
“Well, you had plan enough to shore up a babysitter for the kids,” Steve commented as he slid in the car.
"Mr Steve! It's me!" Peter leaned over in Tony's arms, Tony having to adjust to hold onto the wiggly boy. "I'm not a bunny!"
"Rogers, you've only been up for three hours," Tony said as he stepped in the room, hands on his hips. "There's no way that two kids have exhausted a super soldier."
“But it fits!”
“Yeah, well, I’m sure some of the first meetings with Spangles could have gone a bit better,” Tony huffed out. He looked at Mary and saw that her cheeks were turning a bit red. “Don’t tell me that Jarvis showed you the recordings??”
"Perhaps I should have asked if you've gotten any good sleep," Rhodey amended, rolling his eyes a little. "It's okay if you haven't, Tony. Like you said, you were gone for three months. You beat all the odds, and-"
"Lucy, you've got some 'spalinin to do," Tony growled out a little.
“That’s something entirely different,” Bucky argued. “I’m not teaching her anything, she already took lessons and classes. And just cause you ain’t Steve’s blood doesn’t mean he don’t care about you two.”
“Tony!” Steve had moved when he saw Tony bring Clint to the ground, but a cold hand on his arm stopped him. Steve ducked down and turned, grabbing the wrist of the person who grabbed him, pausing for a second when he saw the blank face of the Iron Man armor behind him.
“Now that I don’t believe,” Steve said. “I know you have more control than that. And Tony has been wanting to upgrade it anyway, so let him do that and I’ll bet you have even more control over it.” Bucky sighed and looked like he was about to turn him down, again, but Steve brought in the big guns. “He said Air Force was better than Army.”
Coulson licked his lips a little, but he didn't disagree with Tony. "You need to keep reading, Tony." Tony looked over at Coulson, so unused to hearing his first name come from his mouth. Looking back at the tablet, Coulson reached over, tapping on another folder, different files popping up. He frowned, looking over them. There was one of Bruce, pictures and videos of his first transformations into what had been classified as the Hulk, someone called Thor from when Coulson had gone to New Mexico, and another file that had him frowning. He enlarged the file on Captain America, seeing old film reels of him fighting back in World War II, and then pictures of him, well his body, covered in ice.
"I feel like I'm in some melodramatic Romantic Comedy," Tony said as he frowned a little. "Only my boyfriend isn't here to save the day."
"I've still got some work to take care of, and so does Daddy," Peter nodded a little as he spoke. "Tell you what though, we'll go down there again this year, yeah? Maybe over to Disney Land instead. It'll be the three of us, and maybe we can get Wade's Mom to say yes again."
"SHIELD has that covered," Fury said, and now it was Tony's turn to frown. "You have your own problems to deal with."
"Thought that was kind of obvious."
"It was okay." Peter pulled his notebook over with one of his school texts. "I'm almost done."
"Where am I supposed to take them?" Steve asked. He wasn't sure that many pools would be open for at least a couple more days.
Pocketing the keys to the car he locked the doors as he got out and walked over to the apartment building that Mary lived in. She said that the door was broken so it didn’t lock properly, and if you just turned it to the left a little it would pop right open. She wasn’t wrong. Tony was already thinking about how he could fix that problem.
"What was that? I couldn't hear you, I was too busy eating my birthday breakfast." Tony started 'eating' him again, a new wave of laughs coming from the boy.
"Tony!" She looked up again, antsy on her feet.
"Sir, Ms Parker left a list, and I scanned it for you," Jarvis spoke up and Tony visibly relaxed, only slightly. "Young Peter currently does not like to eat anything green, but he does like foods with a sauce in the in preparation."
"If I had issue with it, would I have helped with the wedding as much as I did?" Tony hoped that would get them off that topic.
The phone started to play a song suddenly, and Meg's hands shot up and over her head, hands out in a surrender gesture. "I didn't do it! I also didn't play that song." She leaned back in, looking at the phone. "Although, admittedly, The White Stripes is a pretty good band."
“Tony-“ Steve tried again, as Tony pulled the fabric off of him with one hand, the other holding onto Jamie. Tony smiled at him, leaning in to giving him a soft kiss.
"Please don't get angry." Tony pushed himself up, leaning back on his elbows, looking at Steve. He never would have thought that Steve Rogers would take advantage of the situation, but he had been surprised before. "Have you been avoiding talking about what happened in the gym last week?"
"No, he's a consultant," Mary said, now crossing her arms over her chest. "He's not an Agent, and he doesn't go on missions. He was brought in under the supervision of Coulson and Director Fury. I wasn't working for SHIELD until they were already trying to make contact with him."
"Of course, Pete," Steve agreed easily. "And you and Daddy can pick out something for us to watch when I get back." He reached over for the tablet that was on the coffee table, Jarvis having paused the show they were watching before, not wanting the little boy to see any of the scarier elements after a bad dream. Peter eagerly took the tablet, turning and getting comfy on top of Tony. As Steve headed for the kitchen, he paused to look at the two of them on his couch. Peter had his back to Tony's chest, Tony's arms wrapped around the boy as little hands were gliding on the screen to find something to watch. Peter tucked his head under Tony's chin as Tony brought his knees up to properly cuddle the almost seven-year-old.
She clapped her hands and cooed, then crawled the foot between them, trying to crawl into his lap. His brows creased as he lifted her up a bit. She batted at his hands, then settled down in his lap. Bucky studied her as she pulled on his pants, trying to get to his socks. Jamie made a little whine then turned her head to look up at him, tugging on his pant leg again.
"What about me?" Tony asked, looking over at the woman. "I stayed in my seat the whole time, and I didn't even speak up at the, 'Speak now, hold your peace' shtick."
"Buck-" He gasped when the hand tightened.
"Is tea how you keep the big guy down?" Tony smirked when Bruce looked over at him. "I always thought it was a big bag of weed."
"It's in France, sweety," Mary told him, then looked back up at Tony. "You just want to up and go to Monaco?"
"It looks good though, I like it." Tony tilted his head, hands in his pockets, watching the pants pull and hug Steve's butt, letting the man catch him doing it too. "Yeah, you look really good tonight." He grinned when Steve pushed his shoulder.
"Join the house arrest party," he mumbled. Tony had sent an iron Man suit, controlled by him and Jarvis from back at the Tower, in a car wherever Peter went, just in case. Peter and Wade thought that it was awesome. "But, seriously, not to be more of a dick than usual, if nothing's wrong-"
He wasn't expecting the man to be awake and already in the gym though. Tony stared as he watched the man in his routine, just wailing on the punching bag already there. He had a rhythm going, and he kept getting faster, head hunched down, balled up fist smacking the bag audibly, muscles rippling along his arms and into his back, and Tony could definitely see that through the white t-shirt.
"That's assault!" George cried out. "I could bring you up on-" He stopped when Steve stepped up close to him.
"The Tower is too far away, she's got tails," Tony told Steve. "You're closer." There was a beat of silence, then two voices started talking at the same time.
"Did you think you were telling me something new?" Steve asked, still casual in his seat. "I've had some time to really think about this, and I'm positive about this."
"I'm exhausted," Tony told him. "But, honestly? I'm probably not going to sleep for a while. I probably should have checked on how much coffee I had left here, I know I had already moved some to the Tower. Not the point, I'm sure I still have enough here to stay up, I can get a lot done."
"He missed you so much," Mary said quietly, not wanting to wake up Peter. She had a feeling that he wouldn't wake up though, not now that he was with Tony. "I didn't want to tell him that something had happened, that the news was reporting you missing, but after the first three weeks...."
"Thought it might be a worth a shot to watch, there's a big fan following online." Steve, it was Steve that he was on. "It's a little late for dinner, but we still have time to catch up on some pop culture."
"There you go," Tony said, walking out of the elevator on his floor. "I'm super bored, and Bruce isn't going to emerge for at least three more days-"
"And then... suddenly, the crowds part." Steve smiled as Coulson moved to show Steve to Mary. She smiled at him, shaking her head a little. "And there he is, sleek, stylish, radiant," Steve was damn proud he could roll that R, "with charisma. Bizarrely, he's on the telephone. But then, so are you." He even did the point in the air.
Seriously you guys, the feedback I'm getting, the comments, it's all so beautiful. I have one-two chapters coming up that will be pure fluff/sappy trash. Just for you guys. I'll let you know when that comes.
The first thing Tony did was put the workshop in lockdown, Jarvis under orders to not disturb him unless it was for Peter. What had he just done? He took Steve to Howard's office, then just, spilled his soul. They had been having fun in the pool room, and yes, he could admit that he had been checking out Steve's ass, and he could have just left it at that.
