They finally said goodnight to each other and Sherlock headed for one of the guest rooms, carrying the bag that some of Mycroft's employees had brought from Baker Street, and Mycroft dressed in his pyjamas and went to bed. He was not able to sleep right away. But that was not something new, so he prepared for another sleepless night. Tonight was not a night where he could use his 'toys' to stop his mind from whirling...not tonight, and maybe it was a good idea to read the reports one time more in order to see if there were more to be done.....maybe even about John. Because that man wasn't in a good place either. Better keep an eye on him, because Sherlock would not forgive Mycroft for not keeping an eye on John, even if they had drifted apart.
The man scoffed, rolling his eyes. “Nothing so pedantic, John. Really, you couldn’t have insulted me more.”
“Shut up!” Cain pushed Abel away, “you’ve always been jealous of me! You’re jealous because I’m better, you’re jealous because I’m older, you’re jealous because Sheol is closer to me!”
Sherlock was running away from home, and there was nothing anyone could do about it. He had stolen a small pod-ship, and he was at least a thousand mactons away from Holmes when he got a call from his mother.
“We don’t get together very often.” Sherlock replied. “If it’s not Christmas, then it’s because I’ve done something to upset Mycroft, making it very unpleasant.”
“Let’s just say my expensive down pillows were completely ruined.” Violet said, a small grin on her face. Her smile got wider as John stopped under the doorframe, and she nudged her husband.
“No, actually solve a crime.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “We will find out who murdered Carl Powers, John. Mark my words.”
I can’t help but chuckle, and I stand, offering my hand to Sherlock. He accepts, and I pull him up quickly.
“Yeah…how did you…?” The blond asked in surprise, but Sherlock paid him no mind as he answered the call from his mother, turning away from the blond and Molly.
“It’s like…slang. From America.” Sebastian defends quickly. “I means cool or awesome. It’s going to catch on here really soon.”
John pulled Jim out of the way just in time, sending Sebastian crashing into a lamppost. He could hear the car trying to reverse, but it seemed like Sebastian had gotten the car good and stuck. With one last glare and a two fingered salute, Sebastian vanished, and the car went dead.
“Mycroft, I have found my soul-mate!” Sheol announced after a long day of soul collecting. “It has taken thousands of years, but he has finally come to me.”
“Yeah, that’s not going to happen.” The blond replied, the fluffy pink handcuffs clinking softly in his lap. “I’m not going to pretend to be your boyfriend. I’m going to tell your family immediately what you’ve done, then get the hell out of there.”
And John had to use his skills to 'ground Sherlock in his body' at a few occasions where he would use pain and sex or other means to stop Sherlock's brain from spiralling out into the outer space. Apart from that they just had a very nice and a lot of times just almost vanilla-flavoured sex-life.
And then he leaned in so he could say his words directly to Mycroft's ear, “Listen. Let me tell you what I dreamed about that first time after you had caned me.....and all the other times: I would still be kneeling in front of the bed, blissed-out from my orgasm and then I would feel it. You...kneeling behind me. Still dressed in your bespoke trousers that would show your strong thighs and nice behind and that white shirt, that would not hide your strong chest and muscular arms and you would be massaging my sore buttocks.....ordering me to keep my hands in front of me and not allow me to touch my cock. It wouldn't take long before I was erect again. You would move your thumbs towards my hole and would be spreading my arse-cheeks so wide that you could see how my hole would be stretched so your thumbs could get a bit deeper in. You would take the lube from under my pillow and put it on your thumbs and press them deeper inside my hole, stretching me. And I would moan of pleasure. When you had stretched me a bit more you would then put lube on your delicious long fingers and first put one up into me. The whole way.....and then another. And then you would finger-fuck me. Slowly at first and then with three fingers. Stretching me even more. And I would moan of pleasure, both because of the slight pain in my buttocks, and because you would find my prostate.........And then you would remove your fingers and put lube on your cock and you would just pop the head in and I would beg you and then you would push in the whole way and rest your front on my back....and I would feel the fabric of your trousers on my sensitive buttocks. And I would beg you to fuck me. Hard! I would be naked and at your mercy and you would be fully dressed. I would be able to feel the roughness of the fabric of your trousers on my sore behind....and I would know that the lube from my arse would ruin them...or at least have the cleaners to lift an eyebrow. Every thrust would send hot pleasure through my body. Both because my buttocks would be sore under your firm grip and your cock would fill me. Stretch me. And then just as much because you would be in charge and order me what to do. Ordering me to keep my hands on the bed.”
But back to the day after Mycroft had submitted to her. The meeting had been successful and Lady Smallwood had been very concentrated and first after the meeting had ended, she had looked at Mycroft and had said, “Can I have a few words in private with you, Mycroft Holmes?”
Again they had a good night's sleep, tangled together. Feeling the other person close by. Feeling secure and loved. And Rosie cooperated and slept the whole night through.
John nodded and pointed, “The nipple-clamps for the nipples, obviously. The chain is to weigh them down so they tug a bit at the nipples. The small floggers....for your backside? And the small leather straps? Maybe around your balls?”
If they had been able to cooperate, they might have kept the power and they wouldn't have been defeated in 2076, but humans did hide in mountains and desserts and forests and found an unexpected allied in the African Union. An allied with resources and a will to help. And and allied that could offer shelter for those, who managed to flee.
And there in the “twilight zone” between being awake and asleep, where people strangely enough sometimes are very brilliant, John suddenly saw everything Sherlock had ever done and said in another light.....and the interpretation of it all gave another result than “friendship” and that together with Mycroft’s remarks made John realize right there and then that Sherlock had not done all of this because he was John’s friend, but because he loved John. Genuinely loved John!
John answered back: “Well the old saying: “Love is blind” must really work when you look at me.....I’m all right....but not strikingly handsome as you, Sherlock. I’m not.....and for God’s sake...Sherlock....look in a mirror! Yes right now you are a tad too thin.....but you look like that freaking marble statue of Michelangelo....that “David”! Look!”
He turned towards Mycroft and there was a glint in his eyes. A glint that some people might have seen as their last sight, before they were killed, and for the first time, Mycroft realised that Sherlock might indeed be more dangerous than Mycroft himself. And thank God for that...
Sherlock interrupted, “I don't know if we all are genetic experiments or not. Seeing the connection to Baskerville, and the outside resemblance between you and me, Sherrinford. Just that you, Sherrinford, is apparently 'Peter', a cold calculating mind with only a little empathy......a 'Mycroft', but even more so. That would leave Eurus to be 'Valentine', but yet not. 'Mycroft' isn't a 'Valentine' either and that leaves me to be her......I have a lot of emotion, I admit that, so...it seems that they never succeed in making an 'Ender'....the child with both a cold calculating mind and yet empathy enough to gain friends and helpers....”
John nodded as he finally saw, “And you were somehow afraid that there would be just a sliver of truth in her abilities to manipulate people around her?”
John smiled back knowing exactly what Sherlock was thinking of, “Sorry Love. It is...almost.....a myth. Soldiers sometimes ‘go commando” and it is valid for those soldiers in kilt as well. But normally you would wear pants under the kilt.”
John steeled himself and explained, “Because before...everything, I could pretend that we were just flatmates, and platonic friends, but as we both have admitted that we love each other, then I would find it very difficult to...to control myself.”
Sherlock had answered, “I was afraid that you would grow tired of me.” And had given John's hand a squeeze.
And Mycroft could have sworn that he heard something burst inside Sherlock. Sherlock gasped a pain-filled, “Oh..!” and went slack in Mycroft's arms and a lot of half-coagulated blood ran out of his body as his muscles lost their tension.......
Hamish was standing next to the doctor as the priest performed the rituals. And a lot of other people were there too. Surprisingly many. Hamish had feared that it would have been a lonely affair to say good-bye to his father and his husband. But of course those two old men had made a lot of friends. Especially the priest and the doctor....and the police-constable, who now was DI. The doctor and the priest were the grandsons of the old doctor and the old priest and had just sort of inherited the friendship that their grandfathers had made, as John and Sherlock moved to the village.
“You and your military kink, Love”, had John said and had looked at his old uniform-shirt and his army boots in the bag. The shirt had been washed and ironed and the boots had been cleaned and restored and mended and were almost looking like new.....and his dog-tags were in there too. How had Sherlock managed to smuggle that out of his wardrobe?
The small whimpers and moans that Sherlock uttered made John achingly hard himself and he wondered if he could come from that alone himself as he continued to lick and kiss and actually fuck Sherlock with his tongue.
“Well I’m glad he is not a virgin.....and thank you for telling me. It explains a lot. I’m glad that I finally got to tell Sherlock how I feel, but I would so much more like to tell him face to face. I now understand better his anxiety for rejection.....Does he know that you were going to tell me that part from his past...the rent boy past?....Because I knew about the drugs. What happened to Victor? I certainly hope that he didn’t get away with that kind of behaviour?”
Mycroft gave John a hug and even if it was a bit awkward his scent was a bit like Sherlock’s....their ridiculous expensive aftershave.....and it felt like....home.
Mycroft took a step closer to Sherlock and touched his face and kissed him gently, “They did....but now we are here. And alive...I love you so much.”
John looked up and squinted, “What the hell do you know about Harry?” And then he understood, “Oh you...you meddler. You was the one who paid for her rehab! I wondered who had paid for that...or how she could have gotten herself into that expensive rehab-centre. I would have paid as soon as I had the money...but Harriet was already there. Thank you, Mycroft, despite your meddling.”
So, Greg expected to learn more, but was rather surprised as he had been handed all the reports with a: “Please read it all. It will explain so much” from Mycroft.
Sherlock got out of bed. Did stand on his legs, a bit wobbly, because he was thin and had been in bed for a long time. And moved so he could stand close to John in front of him. Then Sherlock knelt on the floor and , reluctantly, took John's hands, as if he expected them to be fists at any moment.
On his way out of Mycroft's house, standing in the hall and carrying his bags, Sherlock turned towards Mycroft and said with a smirk, “I love this version of you, but I have to admit that I sort of miss our banter. Our crossing swords, mentally.”
Mary took his hand, “I know what they did to you: Sherrinford, Mycroft …and Culverton. I know. That is why they are all dead know.....”
“During the night...in his sleep.” was Sherlock’s answer, “You can close the file named “John Hamish Watson-Holmes” now.
Then John began to lick down Sherlock's stomach and took a firm grip of Sherlock's cock and began to kiss the head. Sherlock's cock was so swollen, that the foreskin had retracted and revealed the head and there was already a drop of pre-come in the slit. John moaned again and swallowed the head in one swift motion. And then he continued and managed to swallow down the whole of Sherlock's length and Sherlock arched of the bed with a deep rumbling moan, “Joooohn!”
"You don't have to excuse anything, Sherlock.", said John, "Hell, who am I to accuse you of anything about having sex with others! Please...go on."
John chuckled, “Yeah...you were testing me and Molly that day. You with your: “I forgot my riding-crop in the mortuary..”
John nodded...and as he realised it was a bit to dark for that, he reached for the night-lamp and Sherlock voice just said, “Don't...it is easier when it is dark. And.....I'm afraid you will hate me afterwards and leave me. That is why I've kept my mouth shut. I've wanted this: you, me, Rosie...for such a long time. I wanted this so desperately that I didn't dare to tell you. So I have kept it as a secret. I find it very difficult to imagine a life without you two in it, but if it is what you would want after I've told you...these two things, I'll of course accept it and find another place to live and...”
And Mrs. Hudson had finally given in and admitted that she could use some help with the house. She had turned 89 after all and her grand-niece, Miss Sissons, came to live with her and help her. She was just as much 'not-your-housekeeper' as Mrs. Hudson and baked and cooked just as nicely as Mrs. Hudson. But she didn't drive the Aston Martin half as skilled as Mrs. Hudson and she had never been an exotic dancer. But it turned out that she could be just as bad-ass lady as her grand-aunt.
In the cab on the way to inner town and the club, John was holding Sherlock’s hand...Sherlock’s long elegant fingers were wrapped around his own sturdier ones and John was thinking....About how arousing he found the fact that Sherlock was almost hairless in his crotch.....how erotic he found Sherlock’s hairless testicles and about a remark that Sherlock had made some time ago and John began to giggle. Sherlock turned his head towards John and smiled and said: “What are you giggling about?”
Then the second blow came......and the third. John could see how the welts formed and he was careful that they wouldn't cross each other. Sherlock dutifully thanked John after each of them.
Now Mycroft had an expression of real fear on his face: “You are not going to put me under a “regime” like my mother did, please. It was horrifying.....took too much of my time....and I starved!”
“Yours… If I didn’t do that your brain would eat itself. Not that it isn’t nice for me to enter dom-space like I sometimes do… But it is mostly about your needs.”
“Well..they sort of stuck out. Three highly recommended biographies from famous politicians amongst books in the fiction-genre or poetry. They were almost “screaming”!
As John and Greg, who had insisted on accompanying the SWAT-team to the house, whereto those two 'English secretaries' had been abducted, came running down the stairs to the cellar, John had to stop for a few seconds, because he had that terrible feeling of deja-vu again and it was as if he saw two versions of Sherlock and Mycroft: One terrible wounded Mycroft and a dead Sherlock, and then those two almost unharmed versions of the two brothers.
Thank God that he had been wounded on his first mission, well actually on purpose, and had been hospitalized when John tried to work out how to get Sherlock back to England as Mycroft had been caught in a corner and been unable to help Sherlock much. Sherlock was still limping and now it was his turn to use a cane.
And began:”... 'Jim Moriarty' was a mirage, a ghost, an idea. It would have been so utterly stupid to stand forward and show himself like he did stealing the crown-jewels and being in court...and in the media. Such a person operates from the shadows in the side-wings. Such a leader never steps forward out into the harsh lights on the stage. Never. Just sits in the middle of a web like a big fat spider. So.....'Jim Moriarty' as a person was brilliantly, I'll admit that, played by the unemployed actor Richard Brook. Richard was able to apear totally insane on a very subtle way. He even took care that he altered between using his left hand and right hand to confuse everybody. And the look on his face of utterly surprise as he shot himself, must have been because he had expected a prop and not a real gun..”
Sometimes John would order Sherlock to rest, to take a power-nap - preferably in John’s old room, which would be relatively cold and totally dark. The bed was made with linen that was washed in fragrance-free detergent. This made the room made into almost a sensory-deprivation area. And Sherlock would power-nap in there, or just lie there, thinking. There was a timer in the room and Sherlock would only stay in there for a few hours. To his own surprise he found that he worked better afterwards. And that was the fact too, when he didn’t deprive himself of nutrition.
“And since it was a question of discretely easing a secret agent inside the organisation to ensure the biggest likelihood of getting Sherlock out in one piece and alive, there was only this option. 'Barging in' would have put a high risk on people killing Sherlock, if they thought that they had been discovered. I risked my life, but I did in no way risking to give away secrets. You know John, the 'secret tooth'.....”
“I..I...what I meant was that you do not have to do these things Sherlock. You have done so much already....enough for a lifetime!”
Greg had smiled and kissed him and said that using the money on securing the future of humanity could never be called a waste. So Mycroft did continue to gather knowledge and make precautions, that at least would make his own extended family a bit more safe, when the war would come. But even if he could see the 'patterns' and Eurus could see them too, they never fully formed into a war. There were diplomatic crisis and 'encounters' and a lot of tension and terrorism, but never enough to be called a war.
That was the reason why Mycroft and Sherlock were rescued already on the first evening of their abduction, before they were harmed severely.
It was strange. It was John's voice. There was something important he should remember about John...but it kept slipping away.
John interrupted, “......your enemies even closer. Yeah...I can see that now. And she wanted to make sure that I wouldn't crumple totally, when you died.”
John began to giggle, “Listen to us two. We would scare others half way to Timbuktu, with that kind of pillow-talk...and you don't mind and neither do I. But maybe I should find something a bit more arousing from those ancient times: so....not only did the women ask their doctors to help them to orgasms. The men could ask for something similar.”
John found a pair of nipple clamps connected with a rather heavy chain and attached them to Sherlock's nipples after having removed the tiny bars, that Sherlock always wore. Sherlock hissed at the pain but didn't say anything. Sherlock had closed his eyes and his legs were bend at the knees and weighted down with the manacles. His hands were lying passively beside him, resting on the sheet. But John could see that they were still tense. Even the pain from the caning and the cropping and now from the nipple-clamps hadn't brought Sherlock peace. He was still fighting his roaring mind and John could see that Sherlock was trembling with the effort of fighting his mind.
And at an agora....somehow looking like an old Roman place, with pillars of marble and tiles of marble too, some people were standing, looking towards John and Sherlock and they were greeted by them all: Molly, Gregory, Mycroft, Andrea and Mrs. Hudson.
And John could already feel the stir in his groin area as he nudged the rather big butt-plug into Sherlock’s well-fucked arse....an apparently Sherlock liked it very much too...as he moaned.
“I did. You can use the knowledge we've retrieved here. I can't. You are more important than me..so don't waste it. Just accept it. You offered to die to save me and John in your planned scenario on that island. You had forgotten that it was planned and therefore it was an act of true self-sacrifice. So you did it too.....Just accept it, brother dear."
And we are now getting near the end of my story. The last chapter will be a crossover to another of my stories, but can be read on it's own.
“Just as I thought”, said Sherlock, “Something in daily contact with your skin. And oh so subtle. Not really drugging you. Just making you a bit easier to persuade....”
“But I was never in a good position to invite them here. I had to...to leave, remember? And after that things got rather muddled...”
Sherlock told how he planned to 'tame' Anne-Gretha', “I've made home-less-networks in The States as well. After all...I lived there more than 10 months, and made a lot of contacts. Don't underestimate those people, John. A lot of them are poor souls and would like to be able to live another life, some are addicts that could use a lot of help, but some of them are resourceful people in their own way and do reject our way of living. They live on the streets of their own free will, because our orderly and neat and oh so controlled society does not fit them. It is amongst the latter that I recruit my helpers. I have used them to get to criminals. Even if they cheat and steal and sometimes kill, they have their own moral codex and there are just something, that you don't do. Don't rape....and don't harm children. That is why I got help from them to end some people, that I thought to be from Moriarty's network, but that I now know, just had been ordinary criminals that had gotten on the governmental blacklist. I sincerely do hope that they all deserved their destiny...and not just had got in the government's way...”
Mycroft just looked at him and then he said: “I understand that my brother, besides a flesh wound in his thigh, indeed was in a rather healthy state, when you left him?!”
He turned towards Mycroft, “And now we just need to figure out how much we can reveal, so they want to keep us alive and not killing us right away, because we were the wrong persons.”
Sherlock squeezed Mycroft's hand and said, “I heard their conversation in Bulgarian. They talked about 'grappling the chance' and 'Our leaders will be satisfied' and then something that didn't make sense...'”The twenty will arrive'...the twenty what?”
And then it happened. Rosie was 10 and Hamish 14, when it happened. The event that John later would refer to as 'Sherlock's last case'. Something that would still puzzle him and scare him many years after and always would bring tears in his eyes, when he thought too much about it.
“More than OK, Love...I just wondered. You mentioned something about you would find other means to 'reset'. What did you do?”
John positioned his cock's head at Sherlock's opening and allowed himself to admire how turned on Sherlock was. He had seldom seen Sherlock's cock so engorged and so dripping.
“Open your eyes, Myke”, said Sherlock and kissed him and then Mycroft was told to touch his very much neglected erection.
But first the a-romantic part, that Sherlock always insisted on: undressing and going to the bathroom first. As Sherlock used to explain, “I do not mind sweat...or semen...or, knowing that we both are 'clean', a bit of blood, if that should happen. But I do mind urine and faeces. And despite the joke about God creating a man's intestines and prostate gland so they do fit to another man's cock, I can't be comfortable in having your cock up my arse, or even 'worse': you licking me, taking me apart with your wicked tongue, fucking my arsehole with it, so I see moon and stars, if I didn't know I was totally clean. It is just.....”
As Sherlock wasn’t immediately “rewarded” with another lash he continued: “I allowed myself to be slandered to keep you safe, I jumped of a roof to keep you - and Greg and Mrs. Hudson safe. I dismantled Moriarty’s network to keep you safe.....and I shot Magnussen to keep your Mary safe! Doesn’t it count at all? Sir?”
Sherlock took a deep breath in order to continue, but John interrupted, “I still can't get my head around why you didn't wait for....or expected your brother to figure out something...as he did. Did you really believe, that he would send you away to your death?”
*OH...I SEE. IMPRESSING IF YOU CAN WORK SOMETHING OUT THAT MY BROTHER CAN’T. BUT I STILL CANT’ SEE ANY REASON TO RETURN!*
Sherlock had nodded and said, “And she must have planted that idea in you, because it would be easier to control you, when she knew your action-radius by bike.” And then Sherlock had added”, ... and the schedule for the buses in this area.”
There was a long pause. Sherlock just looked at the screen. It was it then. He put his phone down on the side table and turned away, turning his back to the table. He was being silly. Heterosexual John Watson would never admit his love for Sherlock. Never! And then after almost 5 minutes the phone gave a ping and the screen lit and Sherlock rushed to the phone as fast as he could and read:
Sherlock continued, “Before Sian was killed, she dutifully followed the script Mary had made for her, including making hints to my real sister. Mary knew about...well not everything about my sister, but she knew that she existed and Mary knew her name and used that knowledge to scare you, before your were sedated.”
“It was the price I had to pay Mycroft for not having you 'removed', John. That I should let you believe that I was dead and that I should stay away for more than 2 years. You and I were getting too close and they were afraid that you would get suspicious and reveal all their governmental secrets. In my time away I was doing MI6 jobs and not disentangling the network of some insane genius. Just doing Mycroft's legwork. Finally they needed me back here but decided to 'teach me a lesson'. I should have known. But I was sleep-deprived, almost in-coherent because of famine and cold. But a dungeon? Iron-manacles? Whips? Rather old-fashioned. There are so much more efficient methods if you want informations. Water-boarding, chemicals...even the old-fashioned 'nail-removal' or 'finger-breaking' or electricity to the genitals. Nothing like that happened. I was beaten and felt pain....but if I had been severely wounded and if I had in reality had broken ribs, I would have been wounded so badly by you, John, that I would have been in a hospital afterwards. Now it wasn't worse than I was almost functioning after a few days. Even if the wounds did scar, they were not much deeper than skin, hardly into muscle-tissue.“
John squinted at Mycroft, and frowning, he replied, “Do not belittle your brother… Or his character. He is a genuinely good person, was that even before me. He just hid behind his armour. I don’t think that anyone understood, or for that matter still understands Sherlock truly. Not even me. But I’m afraid that your rejection of him back then, damaged him more than you realise. Remember you two are meant to face the world together. Not many people are like you two. And despite your parents being smart and caring, they didn’t really understand Sherlock’s complicated mind and thought he was a copy of you. And then you left him. He must have been devastated...”
Here Sherlock was interrupted by John, “Ashtanga.....I see. No wonder you can keep so fit. I've always wondered how you could do that, without exercising......and now I understand that you did exercise.”
Sherlock had continued: “I should never have returned......And I should never have tried to pick up my old life again. Not to realise that you had moved on and managed fine without me, was a big mistake. My apologies for ruining your dinner with Mary!”
John nodded, “Did she get any help. I mean...financially? Oh God...and here I thought that I should protect you from getting to know that she was dead. You must have found that very amusing.”
He admitted that he had had his doubts about Sherlock sparing his life at Diogenes', “After all, I had deserved it, if you had killed me.” , he said.
Finally John and Sherlock had done their part of the job and they could go home to Baker Street and a bit to their surprise find themselves in that situation, that they didn't know what to do the next day. Not that they hadn't had an occasional weekend free to visit Rosie and Hamish, but they both felt that hadn't had a single break since Sherlock left for Bulgaria.
John closed the manacle around Sherlock's right wrist and said, “I'll give you 6 with the cane.....and you will thank me after each one!”
John paused, “And...oh God...I made you fall on your back and made it so much worse...Oh please forgive me, Sherlock.” And John rose and went over to stand in front of Sherlock.
“Why?.........oh I see.....If Sherlock had known when you went to Appledore, then he could claim that shooting Magnussen was self-defence!”
Sherlock huffed, “Allowing you to drag us around by our noses and none of us tried to fight you or your followers? Well...that is very Bond-like!”
Mycroft was lying on his back and looked at Greg, “You will find a cane in the wardrobe.”, he said and Greg just shook his head. Mycroft's abilities to almost read his mind and to have things prepared never stopped to amaze him.
And as if was the key-word an adjutant entered with a thick envelope. John looked at the Queen and she nodded.
“Magnussen deserves everything that could come in his direction.” , Janine had said, “He is a bully...an abuser....and he can't even see it himself.”
After breakfast John had called Rosie's day-care-family and told them that he would fetch Rosie this afternoon, if it was OK?
Sherlock didn't answer right away, but remained still for several seconds, before he began to speak again, “.....'Moriarty' had nothing to do with the murder of Carl Powers. Didn't plan it or caused it. It was just used later as a part of a bigger plan. A plan that back-fired spectacularly. Think, John. You know the three main things in investigations: means, motive, opportunity!”
Sherlock’s surprise for John was of course a new piece of music, a waltz, composed and played by Sherlock, but the even bigger surprise was that André Rieu, the Dutch famous violin-player, came in through the door in the orangery, went up to Sherlock while Sherlock was playing the last part of the waltz and began to play together with Sherlock.... but only a few paces.
Mycroft closed his eyes in order to feel how his body was and then he opened them again and lifted the blanket, “You removed the cage.....and the wounds can't be that bad. They don't feel that bad.”
“Fine,” he says. “We talked. Nothing momentous, but it’s a beginning. I’d like to work out a schedule so I can see her more often.”
“I mean, he’s come all this way to find Alex, and has kidnapped Jason and replaced him. What’s he doing this for? You say he’s after a thing of great value. In order to understand his motivation, I think we need to know what it is.” A very large hole, he thought. “I mean, the entire plot hangs on what he wants..”
And how would they go back to being just flatmates? Would Sherlock be willing to pretend they were husbands if John asked him to? If he refused to sign the divorce papers? If he said he really loved him?
John is not a mystery or a puzzle. He’s a man whose dysfunctional family can be deduced from his phone, whose disappointments can be read in his limp. He’s straightforward, average, normal.
But John hadn’t known that Sherlock felt it too. Even if John had never loved him, they had shared four years of friendship. That part hadn’t been fake. As a young teen, Sherlock had been too confused about himself to share what he felt, but it was there. And though it was way too late for it to make a difference, maybe John deserved to know.
Playing Baz Culpeper on the small screen wasn’t so hard. The detective’s character was much like his own— acerbic, solitary, analytical. The character had been written with a much milder personality. An
Sipping a cup of hot coffee, she gestured at the pastries with her free hand, which was holding a chocolate glazed doughnut. “I shouldn’t be eating this. You, however, look like you could use something to sustain you. Are you losing weight?”
The boy sets down the controller, but just glances at Holmes and Watson before looking down at his hands, resigned. He tugs the sleeves of his jumper down over his knuckles.
“I’m sorry,” the gorgeous man announced. “Nothing like that here.” He leaned over the counter, giving John a seductive, but inexperienced smile. “Can I offer you something else?” Two buttons flew off of his skin-tight shirt.
He had only just set his phone on the table when he heard someone ring the bell downstairs. There were only a few people who would pay a call on him at home, and though he wasn’t in the mood to talk, perhaps it would be best to get it over with. He buzzed them in, heard feet on the stairs and waited for the knock.
“Don’t say that.” She said this quickly, in a way that meant she knew about orphanages but I should not question her. “Here you are fed and given clothes to wear and a tutor to help you learn. One day you’ll be able to enter a trade, or maybe go to university if you study hard. You’ll have your own life to live then, and won’t have to be grateful any longer.”
“But why does he leave the sign if he’s trying to throw us off? And doesn’t a murderer always have a motive?”
While John was in Afghanistan, three more manuscripts were returned with nice rejection letters. She’d quit her teaching job and taken a job as a receptionist, reasoning that it would be less consuming of her time and energy. John admired her tenacity, but when he returned, he had too many of his own problems to fit into the ruthless order of her life and Rosie’s. And he resented it. When he needed her most, she didn’t have time for him, more or less told him to suck it up and get a job.
“Well, my partner, then. You once said that you were content to remain with me. I was hoping… that might still be true.”
“This event changed my life. I began to look at unsolved murders, mysterious deaths of past years. I devoted my life to solving as many as I could, and was remarkably successful— so successful that I left the priesthood and became a detective. At first I worked with Scotland Yard, solving cold cases. Eventually, word of my successes spread, and I took on clients as a private detective. Solving crimes, finding murderers, restoring justice for victims— to these I have devoted my life.”
It’s probably a good idea to act like the adult in the room, he decides. “I think it’s a parent’s job to be suspicious of people their children associate with. Does she know you’re here?”
He licks his lips, chews a bit on the bottom one. “Just thinking I might find a new place to live.” True enough, but it’s not what occupies him today.
Matt’s embarrassment fades; he laughs. “Sure. And we’ve got all these pastries that I’ll need to toss in the bin when we close in an hour, so have what you like.”
The second box is much like the first, but the contents are older. Books, notebooks, all from the Priory School. Vaguely, he remembers this box following him to uni and then med school, taped shut the whole time. The box itself is sound, but Harry has reinforced the old tape, by now losing its hold on the box. He slits it open.
Gregson rubbed his eyes. “So you were there, burgling his safe, stealing letters that belonged to your client, whom you refuse to name, when another woman, whom you had never seen before, came in through the veranda door and shot him. Is that correct? ”
“Sherlock…” John groaned too, and their hands moved more quickly, chasing release. They’d caught a rhythm, their excitement building, their hearts pounding in sync. He could smell John, feel his tension, hear his ragged breath in his ears. And the little sounds they were both making. Moans, stuttered gasps. And words.
Urgent footsteps coming closer, and then a cop is standing over him, using the torch to assess the situation. He kneels, using a pocket knife to cut through the tape. “Jesus. Are you okay?”
Has Sherlock done something wrong? Maybe John doesn’t like the way he put the dishes away. He hadn’t put anything on the top shelf, which John can’t reach. Maybe he forgot to thank him for the sandwich— no, he remembers doing that, dropping a kiss on John’s neck before going into the kitchen. John smiled at him.
Going to this party, getting up in front of the group and giving a performance— in some ways it’s more unnerving than going into battle. There, he always knew his role: expect incoming, save lives, try not to get killed. This is new. Maybe if he knew Matt and his friends better, if he’d been to parties like this before—
“History is full of winners. And losers. I know that people like you—“ he gestures at Holmes and Watson— “your kind wants a world where every boy brings home a trophy, gets a pat on the head just for showing up. And how does that prepare them for the real world, where nobody steps up and defends them? Where effort doesn’t matter, only achievement? Hm? Do you think that the great men who have led this country let themselves believe that the world is a level field where everyone plays nice?” He gives a bitter laugh. “It’s how the world works— business, politics, even academics. You don’t get ahead by being a gentleman.”
Ought to be going home with someone, being put to bed. He remembers how he and Harry used to put Dad to bed when he came home—
Ella says nothing, patiently waiting for him to say more. Well, it is rather a bombshell, him announcing that he’s in a gay relationship. Did she see that coming? Did she deduce his sexuality from the way he held his tea or cleared his throat or something? Or maybe she’s just falling back on her training, putting on that face that is meant to encourage him to say more.
When I enter the restaurant, I understand why I’m wearing such an expensive suit. This is a very exclusive place. I am shown to a private alcove in the back where apparently my very own waiter will be with me in a moment.
There’s a button or something he’s supposed to push, but nobody ever calls and he doesn’t remember what he’s supposed to do to make the buzzing stop. A button that says
“I need to tell Mrs Hudson I’m back so she doesn’t come up here looking for me. Should I tell her you’re back? That might involve a long conversation.”
“Very well,” I said. “I will give you my statement. Please hear me out. Tonight a vengeful retribution found Mr Milverton. A victim of his, a mysterious woman, confronted him. Her motive, revenge. He threatened her, and she put a bullet in his neck. She then left by way of the veranda doors.”
Once Rosamund Number Three was inside the flat, I began setting up a chemical experiment. She remarked that adding Mentos to Diet Coke causes an explosion, and that she knew this was true because she had tried it. Her mum was not happy because she did her experiment in the kitchen. Therefore, she advised that I not try it unless I wanted to get her father angry at me.
Holmes laughs. “You think you can kill me? I’ve been shot dozens of times, run through with swords, poisoned, drowned. No, I do not die. You do not die. If you don’t tell me, I will never let you rest. I will pursue you for eternity, using every means of Death on you. Over the years, I’ve seen quite a few. You will not die, but you will wish you could.”
He closes his eyes for a moment, gathering his thoughts, discarding unproductive worries. He’s Captain Watson now, his nerves steady. But there’s no focus for all this energy, and it’s his
“They’re middle class, worried about appearances. They don’t want anyone to know about this because people will blame them.”
“I was wrong, John. I did trust you, but I was afraid. The entire time I was gone, I thought about you, safe here in London. That was about the only thing that kept me going sometimes, knowing you were alive.”
” I silently stared out the cab window until we pulled up at my mother’s townhouse. The clocks were just striking six as we climbed out of the cab and hurried up the walk.
“I’m not saying that. Only you know what you want, John. I notice that our conversations about this tend to lead in the same direction. My observation is that you think dating is something you should be doing, and women are who you should be considering. But you hesitate, back off from actually meeting women. That’s what I see. I only want you to think about why you may be hesitant, whether you’re uncertain about dating in general, or dating women specifically.”
What happened when John went to Afghanistan, Sherlock can only speculate. She had an affair, John said. She was writing books, creating a future for herself that didn’t depend on John. When he returned, she was well on her way towards that. She didn’t need John, didn’t care about him. The affair may have been the thing that told John it was over, but he was already out of the picture before that happened.
And yet, a part of me didn’t believe it. When I took a napkin and wiped my penciled moustache off, I wanted to lean over and wipe his upper lip too, just to make him look like my John again.
Irene nodded. “Of course. Molly suggested that we dedicate the performance to John’s memory. An announcement will be made before we transition from the retrospective to the live performance. Ticket sales are being donated to suicide prevention, and there will be a couple of breaks, public service announcements where hotline numbers will be shared.”
This is inconvenient. Even though she might need rescuing from her terrible dating life, and might even be worthy of a knight errant’s loyalty, she is a woman, and women are not his area.
. Nothing like that. I knew what bisexual was and thought maybe that was me. But if you’re bi, you get to choose, right? So I told myself that I would just choose women.”
John wakes up in a good mood these days, his leg painfree and his shoulder with less stiffness. He smiles in the mornings and kisses Sherlock, even if they haven’t brushed their teeth. He tolerates midnight violin playing and experiments in the kitchen (though he does prefer not to see body parts in the fridge). There are small bumps, minor misunderstandings, but they seem compatible. John brings out better qualities in Sherlock, and in return, Sherlock has let down his guard, something he rarely does.
“I felt like an idiot,” John finally said. “He never actually… touched me. So I figured it wasn’t really abuse. From the beginning, he was critical of my acting, said he needed to work one-on-one with me to correct some of my mistakes. He always began these sessions by degrading me, telling me how disappointing I was, that my talent was minimal, but I had the look he wanted for the part so he was willing to take the time to teach me. He said I wasn’t working hard enough at it, that I was too stupid to understand what he wanted. At the same time, he made me feel grateful— he had chosen me, and was investing in me.”
He rose then and came to me, kneeling at me feet. Holding my hands in his, he said, “I can’t make any claim on you, Sherlock, and I have never expected from you any expression of sentiment, but it’s very hard for me to think about sharing you with anyone.”
I realise, but far better than any I can remember. I dreamed like this once before, when I imagined finding Sherlock in the airport, on his way to Bucharest. And now, he’s in a depressing hotel in Eastern Europe, ill and homesick.
I don’t care. This was my fondest wish while I was gone, that I would return and see John, and we would come together like two pieces of a broken puzzle, and I would finally tell him—
He arrives at Sherlock’s door with a duffel and a suitcase holding all of his earthly possessions. His old flat is paid up through the end of the month, but sleeping there another night is impossible. There is no question of another flat or a different flatmate; 221B is the only place he can imagine being now, and the madman living there is the only person he can imagine sharing space with. He’s a bit nervous, though; Sherlock offered, but he may have been joking. They haven’t discussed it.
Everybody’s got a mobile these days. He doesn’t remember it being like that before he left. People used to have little flip-phones that could send text or call. Now phones do all kinds of smart things. People must have more to say now, because they’re always texting. Or something. Looking at screens, touching them.
The Work kept me going, but I understood that although the membrane between life and death is thin, there are things that cannot pass through. I had seen the moment of death, souls coming out of a body like smoke. Once they pass over, they cannot return, but might linger in the place between. I had talked to ghosts who didn’t realise they were dead, seen them going about their earthly routines as if they were still alive. They were clearly in the world, in some sense, but in some other form. That was as close as I could reckon; the soul is unearthly. It can’t be held or measured or reasoned with. Time doesn’t exist for the dead; only the living count minutes, hours, years.
In the final episode, he and Sherlock had stood facing one another, the alien ship glowing in the background. There was a long paragraph of stage directions, describing their reactions to one another. He remembered John didn’t speak his line right away, but stood there, his face going through through that entire paragraph, shifting from shock to confusion to silent wonder. It was exactly what John Watson would look like if he ever met an alien, Sherlock decided. Exactly how he would look if he had to say goodbye to his best friend. His acting had made the dialogue that followed practically unnecessary.
Edwin cried enormous fake tears and rubbed his eyes until they were swollen and red. He did not want to share a room with
“Ridiculous.” Recent events had made it clear to him that this wasn’t ridiculous at all, but he couldn’t say that to Mike.
Christopher and Matt live in a nicer building, larger flats than the one where John lives. He hears the music before he finds the door to knock on.
In short order, I was standing outside the library, listening to what was being talked about behind that door. Before I had any chance to make sense of what I heard, the door opened, and there stood my aunt.
This was one of the things I loved best about Watson, that mobile face which concealed nothing. At the moment, he was unable to hide his jealousy. This was something new, I thought. Even when I was courting Miss Ashton-Farbridge, I had not seen such a look on Watson’s face.
He smiles through the tears that have gathered in his eyes. “I know. But I missed so much of your life. There hasn’t been a day since you were born that I haven’t thought about you, worried about you, and just been amazed that I received a gift like you.”
He could just get it over with, but since Freddy Mercury walked in, he’s feeling inhibited, thinking of all the times Holmes made fun of him. He waves Matt off. The others plead, but he refuses.
I find females uninteresting for the most part. Women frequently come to me for help with their problems, and sometimes the problems themselves are interesting. The women, however, have little intellectual capacity. Watson argues that this is the fault of men, who have limited their opportunities for mental development.
“When you made the acquaintance of John Watson, I saw your interest in him, and assumed it was only prurient. I recognised him as a man with great unrealised potential, but a shaky foundation. I feared that he might indulge your weakest traits and the two of you would pull each other down into the gutter.
He’s speaking softly, but his expression says that he’s ready to shout as soon as John’s really awake.
and the other about the Steve, the flirtatious, murdering gym employee. Both of these fall back on John, who can’t seem to figure out this relationship. He’s still learning Sherlock, and being too slow about it.
to mean what everybody assumes they are to one another. It confuses him, thinking about it. John loves the Work almost as much as Sherlock does. He looks mild, but wouldn’t hesitate to shoot a man if the situation warranted it. And most of the things Sherlock does that set other people off scarcely bother John. He can be grumpy, and often corrects Sherlock when he is behaving in ways that are
We would take a ship to New York, I decided, as we had once planned, and spend a few years exploring. Watson had always had been fascinated by the American West, working it into as many of his stories as he could. Now we would go there and see all of that, only returning to London once we’d been long forgotten. New names, a new life for us.
He’s standing on the corner with Holmes, waiting for the light to change. It’s chilly, but not raining; he can almost smell the change of seasons. For a moment, he feels as if he’s exactly where he should be, on this corner with Sherlock, music still in his ears, laughter in his mouth. He’s not depressed. He feels a little bit crazy, as if anything could happen.
The kiss is brief, but it says everything they can’t find words for. There will be words later, John thinks, but now there are light footsteps running down the stairs. They break away from one another.
Holmes is impatient. “Don’t you see? Moriarty must be like us. He died at Reichenbach, as I did, and he has returned.”
She was right; some of the land had been sold off to pay debts after my uncle died, and what remained looked sadly neglected.
Each year he sees the small changes in her. She marries and has two children, a boy and a girl. He urges her to name one of them
“You do.” Mike’s expression was a bit sad. “You’ve grieved for John all these years. It’s obvious you cared about him, that his death did something to you. Everyone here can see it, Sherlock. If you don’t want people to ask, fine. Just don’t say stupid things, like he was a terrible actor and you never liked him. You’ve said those things to me. I just don’t want you breaking under the emotional strain of all this and saying something you’ll regret.”
“Calm yourself. Sixty seconds, Sherlock. Deep breath. It’ll be fine. You’re a pro, and you know what to do.”
He smiles. “Mrs Hudson was getting suspicious. I’ve had to consume oceans of soup so she would think you were eating.”
I was an observant child who had learned not to voice my conclusions, except where a weapon was needed to ward off taunts and cruel tricks. I had a heart, as every child does, but had learned to protect it.
“I don’t blame you.” Really, I don’t. At first I didn’t know what to think, but when I saw how he nearly lost his job and is still doing penance for working with Sherlock, I have to believe that he was just as much in the dark as I was. “You didn’t have much choice about what happened. If it hadn’t been you, someone else would have done it. I do blame Donovan and Anderson, though.”
“Any romance?” She smiled a bit unctuously and nodded at Lestrade. “Gavin Hawke’s been divorced since the second series, and has had a few interesting women cross his path. Maybe it’s time for the next Mrs Hawke to mess up his life.”
He shakes his head. “It’s one thing when adults kill, but children? Maybe they didn’t push him physically, but it was their taunts that drove him to fall. It’s their fault he’s dead. If we simply accept it as boys being boys, or people being horrible— well, that’s not acceptable. The law will step in now and they’ll be punished, I suppose, but there must be a way to fix such people. Or at least encourage them to be better.”
“His character, Miss Wickham, is divine. He is so sweet and obliging that he cannot possibly offend. Wherever he goes, he gives only
“Of course. The study of any science requires the ability to imagine, to hold multiple scenarios in the mind and compare them.”
Sherlock sits in the kitchen, drinking his morning tea. He thinks about the man still asleep in the other room and feels a pang.
He was silent for a moment. “I’m not educated like he is,” he said quietly. “I’m not as young. Maybe I’m not fascinating or brilliant or anything he is. But I love you. You exasperate me and humiliate me and sometimes scare me to death, but God help me, I do love you. If we are to stay together, though, I must at least have your respect. Tonight it seemed as if you had no regard for my feelings, so I ask you: do you respect me?”
His father never told him he should be something; he only said he should fight back. Other boys bragged about what they were going to do with their lives, but they all knew it was really bravado, whistling in the dark so they didn’t have to face the awful truth, that they would be no more than their fathers. Watson remembered getting the acceptance letter from the Priory School, his father warning him that he wouldn’t fit in, that it was a waste of time. But his dream was coming true, and he didn’t listen. He
Watson leaned down, kissed me and laid his head on my chest. I put my arms around him, my eyes overflowing. I wept, perhaps for my foolish younger self, so eager and innocent.
She frowned. “I suppose it being a Pygmy makes it all right. I just hate to think of some Christian soul missing its head in the afterlife.”
He loved his daughter and couldn’t imagine not having her. She was the only good thing to come out of his ill-fated marriage. She was part of both Mary and him, and that couldn’t be changed.
I thought about taking her hand and putting it on her finger, but she was holding her dessert spoon, appearing transfixed by my words.
Brook shook his head. “I don’t know, but I’ve always felt our fates were intertwined. While your career rose, mine didn’t get off the ground. No auditions, only bit parts. It was as if you’d always gotten there first, gone to the head of the line. So I thought maybe we could switch places for a while. If your star is falling, mine might finally rise.”
Watson smiles. It’s the first time he can remember when Holmes has said something complimentary without couching it in insults.
, I prayed. I had known Watson’s anger many times and had learned to deal with his explosions. It was his indifference I feared.
Sherlock thinks. Now that he’s cooled off a bit he is wishing he’d opted for the first strategy, just letting it go and seeing if John can sort it out on his own. It’s so awkward sitting here like this, and he wishes for anything to end this stalemate.
“So kind of you to visit me in my retirement,” the detective said. “Thank you, Mr Hopkins. I wish you a long, successful career.”
They’ve had two fights now, the one after running into Mary at dinner, where John introduced him as his
“It couldn’t have happened then,” Sherlock said. “The culture wasn’t ready for us to come out, either in our real lives, or as our alter egos. I only wish we’d remained friends over the years that followed.”
“Oh god,” he said, snuggling back into me (I was playing the big spoon to his adorable small spoon). “You’re perfect.”
They stare daggers at one another. Finally Sherlock huffs and looks away. “Then I’ll just have to move in with you.”
not himself, that a shapeshifting alien had replicated him, and stowed the real Jason somewhere. The fear was that the alien had killed him (though Rich Brook’s acting was so lame that nobody would ever believe him a murderer). He swore them to secrecy.
And he didn't like the exercises. All the things he should remember and if he failed, Culverton would do something unpleasant so the helmet Sherlock was wearing, would hurt and he would have a terrible headache afterwards.
Sir Victor Baskerville might never have found the connection between the 'war-veteran' and the 'Thomas' from the island. 'Thomas' wasn't the only war-veteran living out there on the moors after all......or Sir Victor might have found another solution. Sherlock found traces of that in the next bunch of papers.
And like that the journal continued with dates and progresses with curves and graphs and descriptions of how Sherlock (Subject D) developed.
Not to be able to see Sherlock, but just to hear him and feel him, added another layer of pleasure to the blow-job and John felt, that he was close and as he didn't want it to be over so quickly, he padded the bump on his kilt, that would be Sherlock's head and warned, “Sherlock....I'm going to...”
Mycroft nodded, “Well. Being in diplomacy does require acting skill-sets as well. As does being a detective. So...did that explain your question? And would you allow me to tell more about the reasons for the events on that fake island?”
Sherlock nodded again, “Yeah...and we would have been too, if we hadn't been hiding in the bathroom. We drank some water and ate some of the protein-bars and then we got out of the bathroom and into our room. There were big holes in the wall just above where our bed had been standing. We gathered our things and walked down the stairs. There weren't anybody to be seen in the hotel, but a lot of debris, holes in the walls, missing windows and blood on the floor. If Irene had got the original room close to the façade, I'm not sure we would have survived even if we had been hiding in the bathroom....and if we had stayed in the bed, I think we would at least have been wounded. We found the car, totally unharmed, in the parking garage and drove towards the airport where I shamelessly used Mycroft's name to get Irene and I on-board one of the planes to Istanbul. In Istanbul Irene and I parted. She was heading for Berlin where Kate would be waiting and I was heading towards London.”
John knew of Mycroft’s voyeurism. But what about Andrea? How would she feel about Mycroft visiting Sherlock and John? How had she felt last time? And they had other questions for Mycroft too. Questions they should have asked before.
Later after Sherlock had examined every item thoroughly, he wanted to know how John had found out about his measurements and interrupted himself, “Mycroft...and my tailor... of course!”
Mycroft suddenly remembered that John was a catholic even if he didn’t “practice” so often. The church had not provided John comfort as Sherlock “died”, but John still believed in God even if John wasn’t quite sure that God would approve of his love in Sherlock. Right now there was a comfort in praying and well- known rituals and John had asked for a few moments for himself together with his dead “daughter”.  Mycroft was waiting outside the morgue’s small mortuary in the meantime. One of the staff had found a bible and a rosary at John’s request. He had a bible and a rosary in his bag, but it had been taken away because of the contamination- danger. And frankly....John didn’t care if he ever saw the contents of that bag again. His “dead” mobile-phone was in his pocket....with Sherlock’s number....and that was the most important thing.
Sherlock wondered if Rosie would accept him, because after all they had not seen each other for a long time, not since Mary got shot and John had refused to see Sherlock for several months. Long enough for Rosie to have forgotten Sherlock. She had been happy enough to see him the day before though.
' . Always the assumption that everything I did was totally right, and what you did was wrong. And that I was a saint: I did 'everything' in this flat. I did the shopping. I cooked. I sometimes did the small amount of laundry, because most of it was sent out of the house to the professional laundry-company. I yelled at you so you would clean up 'the mess' on the kitchen-tables. And 'the mess' was usually your experiments that was your work, that gave most of the income to our mutual household. I might have earned enough money to the rent and the food and the cabs. But you paid for the rest. And you did the rest. The more invisible parts: taking care of insurance. Paying the other household expenses: internet-connection, heating, electricity, when things needed to be repaired and so on. You called the plumbers, the carpenters, the electricians.....and things were just mended when I returned from the clinic and thought you to have been lying on that bloody sofa since I left. And maybe you had sometimes, because you had stayed up most of the night, working or playing the violin, because I had a nightmare.....and I was so blind! I even asked Mrs. Hudson if you had ever cared about someone...and it was right under my own bloody nose!”
Leuris had taken over Lady Elisabeth's job and was doing a very good job. And Rohan was at the last year at university and Eshan at the second last year.....and both of them wanted to follow Mycroft's footsteps into politics, but just like him, mostly behind the scenes. And no....they hadn't been hired by a 'shady' aunt to be field-agents for MI5 and MI6, even if both Mycroft, John and Sherlock saw to that all the youngsters learned to defend themselves. So...sometimes the summer holidays did turn into some sort of boot-camps, where they learned martial arts and how to survive outside the cities. All of it taught by teachers brought in...or by John or Sherlock or other grown ups. In one of the villages nearby was a man, who could teach them all sorts of survival things......and all the young people and children loved it. Rosie and Hamish had out-door-activities at their boarding school, but all the others were so busy with school and education, that they normally had little time for such activities.
Mycroft stopped and looked at Lady Smallwood. He hoped so much that he had understood her insinuations the right way.
John touched Sherlock's shoulder and asked, “Both?”...and he could feel that Sherlock was trembling ever so slightly because of the effort of controlling both mind and body.
He smiled, “Which of them, if I may ask? Go shopping in a sex-shop? Finding a partner? The piercings? Not marrying you?”
John had packed a few necessities and in the middle of the night he entered the train that in 10 hours would bring him to Berlin. He just wondered how Sherlock would react.
Now John had an almost devilish grin on his face: “Oh.. they are rings all right. But not for our fingers!”
Over the next minutes John continued to massage the gland. Altering with moving his fingers slightly out and into Sherlock's body again. And noticed how the moisture-flow out of Sherlocks slit increased into a steady stream.
Sherlock smiled and turned his head, “It sounds very interesting. But you do realise that there is something very arousing about the thought of a riding-crop used on a willing human and not a horse?”
“Oh, God no! It is just.....You have been practically unconscious, drifting in and out, for the last month. But physically you got a bit better .....I've just worried so much about your mental health. The things you said, before we got you out of the hospital. The reason why you didn't want to live like that. That you were loosing your mind. How much do you actually remember since Christmas?”
One of the things that Sherlock would do was to put John in a harness. They had several adjustable harnesses that they got from the club. But they were not good enough to their taste. The same man, who had made the collars, had made some harnesses too. Sherlock’s were in pitch black leather with silver-coloured buckles and rings, and John’s were made of leather just several shades darker than the colour of his skin with golden buckles and rings. He looked stunning in them, but then again… Sherlock in his black ones almost made John come on the spot!
Mycroft was breathing...in and out....to soothe the pain. It was not unbearable, but it was intense. Filled his mind with white noise. And then the pain faded a bit.
The afternoon vanished quickly and John was a bit surprised as the Queen with a somewhat teasing look in her eyes asked if he wanted to see some “nice parts of Scotland” before a rather informal evening meal?
And who was John Watson to say 'no', when Sherlock begged so nicely? This was not what John had planned, but he wouldn't complain.
“That was… That was incredible, extraordinary and utterly fantastic!” stuttered Sherlock, “Thank you John… Please let me return the favour!” Sherlock started to move his head down John’s abdomen and towards his groin with the determined intention of freeing John from his clothes, or at least to free an important part of him!
That Mycroft gave in and said, “Thank you”, just showed Greg how much Mycroft needed the submission, to let everything fall out of his own hands, to let Greg catch him.
Finally Greg did put the last report on the table, took a deep breath and looked at Mycroft, “What am I supposed to do with this knowledge?”
“Oh yes. He was the one who paid the cabbie. The one who put so many people into Semtex-vests. Who killed the old blind lady as she was going to tell that the man, who spoke to her, had a foreign accent. The one who threatened you and me at the pool, who forced me to leave England, put you in a bonfire and who in the end sort of killed Mary, since he wouldn't get of her back......even if she had worked for him for a long time...”
“Not for your liver. “, said John as he sipped and savoured the fine taste and the warmth from the exquisite cognac.
mistakes forced Sherlock to jump of that roof, risking to be killed because of that heavy sedation, that should make him look dead. It made John Watson almost kill himself out of grief and misplaced guilt. Sherlock almost died several times during those two years away, even if he showed remarkably skills. Sherlock was indeed one of our best agents in the field.”
“And that was the time....said Mycroft, “....where I had to remove John, sedate him, and have him put to bed. He hadn't slept for more than 50 hours. I couldn't risk that you....when you awoke, Sherlock, would have had a John with a heart attack as well...and in the worst-case-scenario....,” But Mycroft never finished that sentence. It wasn't necessary.
”Just as much as I...Oh God...I’ve longed for it for such a long time....would like....would dream of.....would give my right arm for having sex with you, Sherlock.....I do not know enough about BDSM to give you what you might need.....we have no safe-word.....and I totally would refuse to use that old riding crop on you....especially because I lack practice!”
“You are, Sherlock. Model-material. Haven't you noticed that people can't take there eyes away from you? That you can achieve almost everything if you turn up your charm? Getting into the flat in the case of 'The Blind Banker '. Do you remember? And Janine?”
“Well...a minimum knowledge of genetics would have shouted that fact to the heaven. How she could have believed that I wouldn’t notice....She must have believed me to be total daft....and I think it is the worst part! I have blood-type O rhesus negative and how Mary would explain baby Watson to have AB rhesus positive....well that is beyond me. The baby’s eyes turned brown too. Yet another thing Mary couldn’t explain. Of course I had it tested...without Mary’s knowledge. I wonder if she was a nurse after all, or else she couldn’t honestly have expected me to believe any more of her lies. The little girl....she was innocent in all this...and I might have learned to love her. She was adorable after all. And of course I felt sad as she died of “cot death” only two months old. But to be honest....I wouldn’t have stayed even14 days after that. I only stayed in my marriage because of the baby. Everything that woman did and said, the way she smelled, the way she made her hair, her makeup.....it had changed since the birth of baby Watson....she wasn’t “Mary Watson” anymore, but someone else. A woman I had come to hate...to despise!”
"Oh, you're no fun," Sherlock said, his voice fonder than he had intended. He stood up from his spot, swinging down so that he was on the floor next to John's tank. "They're going to be letting people in any minute now. Are you alright?"
The day crept by, and John was pleased to discover that he shared just about every class with Bill. However, during the last class of the day, Bill was nowhere to be found, so John sat towards the back of the classroom by himself. As he was pulling out a notebook, someone plopped down next to him, and John looked up, surprised when he saw Jim Moriarty sitting next to him.
"Welcome t' Hogwarts." Hagrid's booming voice carried easily over the water. "Best wizarding school in th' whole world!"
“Shut up, Mycroft.” Sherlock said, and John quickly added the strange name to his inventory. “You’re being particularly idiotic today.”
John had been silent during dinner. Sherlock hadn’t been surprised of course, but his family was slightly put out.
“Well, we have four people now.” Victor rolls his eyes. “I was always in the middle then, shortest to tallest, but now we have John. He and Jim can be on the outside, and you and I in the middle.”
They were silent for a few minutes, the only sounds in the room were sips of wine and crunches of cookie from the two men.
“You…oh, of course.” Something resembling disappointment flashed across John’s face. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to inconvenience you or anything.”
“Sometimes unfinished business can be taken care of with a good smack to the face.” John muttered under his breath.
“Actually,” Sherlock told his mother, a small smile on his face. “We were just leaving now. I’ll talk to you later!”
"Oh, don't look so upset," Mrs Hudson patted his cheek, looking absolutely thrilled now. "I know exactly where he's gone off to."
"You have finally found each other." A warm voice said, and Sherlock turned to see the Shining One standing there, a fond look on his face. "I was beginning to worry."
They made their way up the seventeen steps quickly, and Sherlock quickly revealed their visitor, pushing open the lounge door to see a man in a Westwood suit, sitting in Sherlock's armchair and looking as if he owned the place.
A woman stood there waiting for them, her expression severe. Sherlock had a feeling that that was her normal expression, and that this was a woman he should avoid crossing.
"Yeah, you probably could," John agreed. "You saw my sister's butterbeer problem, and you never even
“Present.” His voice is just short of seething. “I don't suppose you're throwing a going away party for me? Thought not.” Standing, Hudson walks to the door, holding out his arms for the shackles. “I'm really going to miss you all.”
“You could have been more polite to her.” John said as soon as they left the morgue, remembering the distraught look on the human female’s face when Sherlock had rudely shot down her offer for coffee.
(Short brunette woman will have a cinnamon latte, redheaded male will take a mocha with extra whip, blond man in the frumpy jumper will have a coffee black with no sugar, and Victor will take…Victor??)
rugby captain, Mr popular, and current occupant of Sherlock's every thought who was staring up at him, looking absolutely miserable.
John Watson was a mediator. Not only could he see the dead, but he could talk and touch them as well, a fact that got him into a lot of trouble in his old school. He had discovered this ability at the tender age of five when his grandfather showed up in his room. He had excitedly ran down the hall, grandpa in tow, to show his parents who had come to visit, but they couldn’t see him. Grandpa had smiled at John sadly, then promptly vanished. He figured out very quickly that he should keep that particular ability a secret.
Sheol follows Abraham and Isaac up the mountain, enjoying the way the boy skips along. The Shining One has ordered Abraham to sacrifice his son, though both Abraham and Sheol know that it’s merely a test of loyalty. The trek is long, and the boy and his father soon grow weary, though Sheol remains unaffected. They soon reach the mountain top, and Abraham begins to make preparations for the sacrifice. Sheol starts to worry when a sacrifice doesn’t come, and his worry becomes panic when Abraham ties Isaac down and lifts the knife to finish the sacrifice.
“I will be in to check on your progress in three days. Until then, I shall be at the Met. If you feel unwell, you may send a telegram to Mr George Lestrade.
“Er…yeah. The whole cafeteria.” I say. “Not that most of them paid much attention, mind. I’m nothing more than the new kid.”
“Slavery has been abolished.” Watson spoke after a moment, his voice rough with disuse as he quickly sized Sherlock up, deeming him unthreatening. “You can’t do this.”
Sherlock studied him, not saying anything, and John took that as his cue to stop talking. He sighed, slumping down into his seat as he turned towards the window, watching London pass by. It wasn’t long until they arrived at the crime scene, Sherlock getting out of the cab with a dramatic swirl of his coat and tail. John followed him, absently noting that he wasn’t wearing a leash. It would be pointless to try and escape, of course, as surrounded as he was, but it was surprising. It hadn’t been even twenty four hours since he made his last attempt at escaping.
“But there’s so much to do around here.” John interjected quickly, waving a hand at the raw goose that was ready to be popped into the oven.
“I am afraid I must be going.” Watson said after a minute, throwing Stamford a regretful look. “I am needed elsewhere. I happened upon Stamford in the park, and he offered to show me our old classrooms.”
“That…you don’t have to do that.” I say, but I can’t help smile back. Victor seems like a really nice guy. A little strange, but nice.
After class, Sherlock left without a word, as was usual. John didn't mind it as much today, with how much progress he had made. He was still grinning at the end of the day, his rugby mates teasing him over his lovesick smile.
“Would you watch where you’re- Oh, hello.” A soft voice with an Irish accent said, angry tirade softening into a more polite tone. John looked up to see a boy with black hair and dark brown eyes surveying him with interest.
"I love you." John said after a moment, looking away from Sherlock. "I know you're not fond of this sort of thing, but you have to know-"
John was far away from home. For the past three Earth sun cycles, John had been in the middle of a large desert with a bunch of other people wearing the same uniform. They played with things that called guns, and people fell down never to stand up again.
“Oh, hello to you too. Yes I did have a nice time. The weather is dreadful, isn’t it?” John rolled his eyes. “Of course I am. I couldn’t run off and leave your father alone, now could I?”
"I shall visit him." The demon replied. "But if he refuses, then it shall be your soul that shall be taken, and you will die in disgrace."
“I cannot.” Mycroft shook his head, striding over to Sheol with an outstretched hand. “Once a soul is removed completely, it is against God’s rules to put it back.”
"I didn't think you would," John admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. They had stopped in the middle of the field, the rest of the team continuing on. "And we lost."
They continued around the group, Father receiving warm woollen socks and Mummy being gifted a nice perfume set.
“You don’t want to terrify the poor humans the first day, do you?” Mycroft drawled, not bothering to look at Sherlock’s smirking face. Clearly that was
John hugged Sherlock again, his arms squeezing much harder this time. “Thank you, Sherlock. You are my best friend, okay?”
John watched Mrs Hudson leave, waiting until he heard her heels at the bottom of the stairs before turning to his father.
“I don’t intend to.” John replied, moving to stand next to Mycroft. He opened his mouth to break the silence when he heard a buzzing sound. “Is that…a phone??”
“I heard you were being released early.” A familiar voice said from behind him, and Sherlock whipped around to stare.
“You do.” Sebastian joins in, all embarrassment apparently forgotten. “You’re blushing. You want to date her!”
Mycroft looked bored, as he always did. Sherlock did his best to copy his mannerisms, but over and over he would catch himself grinning stupidly. He had been waiting to go to Hogwarts since older brother had started six years previous, and the excitement was almost unbearable.
“I just…I wanted to see him.” John confessed, feeling embarrassed and ashamed. “I…when I saw him in Afghanistan, it was like…starting new. Like, my previous life was over, and I had a whole new future to look forward to.”
“How long have you known you wanted to be a doctor?” The soft question comes, and John looks over at Sherlock in surprise.
John grinned as he looked at his graduating class, amazing at how different everyone looked after only 10 years. At first, the idea of a 10 year class reunion seemed a bit ridiculous.
They left the alley, turning and striding towards the Thames. Watson kept glancing up at Sherlock in curiosity, which Sherlock steadfastly ignored. The smell of Watson's blood was almost too much to handle; he had never smelled anything quite this good before.
Tom laughed softly, "Yeah, Molly says that you never forget the first time you meet Sherlock Holmes."
"Right, John Watson," Tom repeated. "If the date between John and I goes well, then you have to agree to a blind date set up by Molly."
“But I shall die anyway.” Otto said. Sheol’s face swiftly became horrified, and Otto held up a placating hand. “Listen to me. It is true. Human’s cannot live forever, and if it gives me the chance to be with you forever, then I shall take it.”
"John," Sherlock's voice is a balm, and John relaxes minutely. "Don't worry, I'll get you out of this. Just trust me."
John Watson had been shot. John Watson had been unprotected because Sherlock had been in a meeting with Mycroft and Greg, and he had been
"Not in the slightest," Molly said, the smile irritatingly evident. "Then why must you torment me?" He asked.
"I'm going to fail," A voice groaned from two stacks over, cutting through the silence of the library like a sharp knife. The person sounded miserable, and Sherlock frowned as he looked for the source of the voice, trying to understand why it sounded so familiar. "God, I can't
“For a few days.” Molly sighed, not paying Sherlock any mind now. “I have to talk to Father about this, see what he thinks.”
“Oh?” John rolled his eyes. “You come from somewhere else? Some sort of alien then. What does this have to do with me?”
“Don’t play innocent,” Mycroft said, looking pleased with himself. “It was clear that Victor was just a paid actor…at least, at first. Now, it seems that he’s much fonder of you…”
The air outside was brick, quickly chilling the exposed air around Sherlock's neck. He tugged the scarf on with ease, keeping himself warm until he could find the sentimental idiot.
"Oh," Molly slumped, looking a bit defeated. "Both my parents are...well, I suppose you call them Muggles. I fear I have a lot to learn."
He watched guilt and surprise creep across Sherlock’s face, and quickly took pity on him. “They died ages ago. It’s just Harry and I left, and we don’t get on much. Never have.”
The guard sighed as he opened up the barred door, standing aside to let Sherlock’s family out. “The poor sap didn’t press charges. I would have, had I been him.”
Holmes sighs, grabs his arm and pulls him out of the cab. “No, Watson, the cabbie has cleverly kidnapped us and brought us to his lair. Fortunately I have anticipated his fiendish plot.” He throws a few notes through the window. “Hurry now, we can escape before he catches on.”
There was nothing genuine about the conversation they would have. It was just another acting job. He would follow the script, as he understood it, and stay alert for trick questions, avoid embarrassing admissions. He would take his cues from Greg, who always seemed relaxed in interviews.
“Well, I am certainly no poet,” Watson said, smiling his loveliest smile. He glanced at me and immediately ducked his head.
just because he want to be Rob Halford, and this time Sherlock plays air guitar. There are calls for an encore, and somebody calls for
“Oh, but we must see you afterwards,” Mrs Bellamy said. “Perhaps we can take some refreshment together?”
John’s eyes opened. He looked a bit surprised, Sherlock thought. And then he smiled. “I think it’s pretty obvious that we’re going to be
“I am real.” I held out my hand as proof, hoping he would take it in his and I would again feel that deep chill.
“I’m not being metaphorical, Watson. The word means exactly what you think it means. He was cut open.” Making a motion from the base of his throat to his pubic bone, he gives Watson a smile that can only be described as creepy. “The first one’s throat was cut, and the second one was stabbed multiple times in the gut. Obviously he’s escalating, gaining confidence and becoming more violent.”
Holmes: I wouldn't know. They've just been invented, so one can hardly have a lot of prior experience. It is rather alarming, though.
Sighing, he smiled and closed his eyes. “It makes me think of… us. Years ago, before my marriage, I thought… you were such a beautiful man, Holmes. I never told you that. Well, all my wives are gone, no children to nurse me in my senescence. And yet here you are, still at my side.”
His head is doing strange things, making him smile when it feels as if someone has been hammering nails into his forehead. “Not really a leader. Maybe I can jus’ follow you.”
Irene and Molly could work on revising the script. Finding himself without commitments, Sherlock thought he’d use the time to follow up on some of his leads in the disappearance of John Watson. That was how he was thinking of it now, as a disappearance. A question mark, an unsolved mystery. Maybe John really was dead, and he would have to deal with that all over again, but the tiny bit of evidence that had taken root in his mind wouldn’t permit him to let go.
Assuming that Holmes will give the cabbie Watson’s address, he’s surprised to hear him say, “221B Baker Street.”
His mirror image winces back at him. Time to go. He’ll soldier through, make polite goodbyes afterwards, and return to his flat. Alone.
He slipped off the arm of the chair into my lap. For a while our mouths were occupied with kissing. Finally he pulled away, his face flushed. “I stick with you because you have driven me to such an extent of insanity that I can no longer imagine a life without you.”
The girl might be annoyed with him, but since he’s never seen her before, that’s unlikely. More likely, she’s annoyed with someone else and thinks it’s a case. People often do that.
If it didn't work, he'd have to move out. It wasn't about the flat; that was perfect. It was about his rather distracting flatmate.
“Don’t be an idiot,” Sherlock says, sloshing more tea on himself. “You can’t just go barging in and asking questions. Abusers know how to protect themselves. If anyone else is being abused—“
“The group meets Mondays,” Jay says. “It’s men only. I moderate, but people talk about whatever they feel comfortable sharing. I think it would help you to meet some other men in similar situations. We don’t always know who we are when we hit puberty, you know. I think you’ll find that you’re not unique. It’s good to talk about these things. It will get better, John.”
“But… you are a man of these passions, similar to my own! I can see it! Clearly, Doctor Watson is not— he is not like us! He will someday marry—”
“Promise me. I love him, and will continue to grieve as if he were dead— and I won’t keep coming around to ask about… but I must know. If he dies, you
The next time, Sherlock described to Lestrade (rather tearfully) how John had promised to return in one piece when he left for Afghanistan.
He hasn’t said anything to Mary. He wants to, but is afraid of jeopardising his relationship with Rosie, and he truly doesn’t know how Mary will react to the news. She might decide that Rosie can’t be around him anymore, that he’s a threat to her developing sexuality. She might be angry that he never said he was interested in men as well as women. Or maybe she’ll think he’s having a mental breakdown because of something that happened in Afghanistan. It’s odd that he married a woman whose views he doesn’t understand at all. They’ve never discussed how they feel about gay rights, gay marriage, gay people raising children. He’s not sure how to explain any of these things to her.
“Sherlock Holmes, jealous?” she says, laughing. “Is she like all the other girlfriends you scared off?”
“Do I?” He rarely looks at people when he goes out, preferring to focus on his own misery. Matt looks familiar, but that might be because John comes in here every week. “Yeah, I guess maybe I do.” Belatedly realising that Matt can’t guess his name, he sticks out his hand. “I’m John.”
It was time to set my plan in motion. As soon as I was alone, I went to the window and signalled Watson, who tossed the smoke rocket into the room and raised the cry. I saw Miss Adler descend the staircase, the drawing room filling with smoke, and began calling for the servants to take action. My eyes remained fixed on her.
Not even five minutes have elapsed before the bell downstairs rings. He hears Mrs Hudson answer it and greet the visitor, tell him (for it is a man) to go on up.
child and told my cousins to shun me. In her view, children should be chubby and attractive, sprightly and sociable. I was none of those things. Skinny and wild, I preferred the company of books to sitting with my relatives, and was most happy when I could escape the house and wander the moors by myself.
Morstan smirked a bit. “Maybe they’re more open than you think. It’s an edgy series, always confronting the news of the day. You’ve had episodes about mental illness, sexual abuse, human trafficking, transgender issues. And your characters’ private lives have always been part of the drama. It wouldn’t be out of character to go in this direction.”
Watson smiled back at the lady, his sweet face shyly revealing its dimples. It was not so many years since my mother had called him
“She certainly would. Do not refuse her, Sherlock. Once you’re married, you can set your wife up in the country, while you spend most of your time in town.”
“I had no idea.” Sherlock can understand his reaction now, but it is most likely an over-reaction. “That must have been horrible, seeing it like that, seeing her… Tell me about your daughter.”
He found a seat in an almost-empty car and leaned back, closing his eyes, trying to forget the awful screen test. If he had any luck at all, they would have erased the entire scene by now. It would be so nice if all such moments in life could be rewound and recorded over. Or simply burned.
“Your face is tanned, as are your hands. When you tugged at your collar, I could see that your neck is pale. Above your wrists as well. So, you’ve been serving abroad, not sunbathing. Wounded in action. Only two possibilities: Iraq or Afghanistan.”
Our daughters stay in touch, sending us emails when they’ve got a new boyfriend or girlfriend, telling us that this one might be the One. And we tell them, not yet.
My aunt did not agree. Perhaps if I had brought money with me, she might have found a morsel of affection for me in her heart, but there was nothing left of my father’s business when he died. The house in Colchester was sold, and my uncle brought me to his home in Yorkshire, a village called Dourwich. The house was known as Greenwood because it was surrounded by a small wood. That green shelter was the only attractive feature of the house.
“Is there something wrong with your legs?” He’s not really exasperated, though Sherlock does push that envelope quite a bit. It just feels good to be able to joke with him. “Temporary paralysis?”
And finally, John’s been spending time with his family. He has a right to do that; the problem is that Sherlock doesn’t trust Mary. John has been worried about his daughter, and was angry that Mary wouldn’t answer his calls and texts. Very manipulative of her, holding the daughter hostage— for what? What does she want of John? She’s a published author, probably brokering deals for more novels, maybe screenplays. She doesn’t need anything from John.
He could get some time off from the surgery, he thinks. Rosie has to come first now. “All right. Let me check my work schedule. I can change some things around, I’m sure.”
“I have a loaded pistol in my hand,” Milverton said calmly. “You may as well reveal yourself, with your hands raised and in plain view. We can chat until the police arrive.”
He shook his head slowly. “John was one of the most genuine people I’ve known. He wasn’t just a good actor; he was a good person. Did he not see that? Did he think he was failing?”
It’s unexpected. When he agreed to the blind date, he expected to put John off. People do not willingly spend time with Sherlock Holmes, and the date would be no different. He was surprised to find that he actually liked John, that he regretted how he’d acted at the restaurant. He isn’t used to regret.
Sherlock happened to agree, but the fact that the question was asked was curious. “So, where did her question come from? Does she have inside information, or was she just trying to provoke a reaction?”
“I ordered it weeks ago, and they just called to say it’s arrived. Go to the desk and give them my name.”
Sherlock’s voice becomes tearful. “But he’ll wake and wonder where I am. We haven’t been apart for even one night since—“
writer who turns every crime scene into a positive swamp of emotions. A story of self-defence might necessitate a trial and expose our client. Instead you would tell a story that involved a third party, a stranger. And I asked myself, what kind of stranger would my Watson invent? A woman, of course, a tragic and beautiful female who had been wronged by a monster and only wanted justice. She wore a veil so you would not be able to identify her in any detail. And you always seem to fancy tall women with deep, thrilling voices.”
Two days later another case arrived in the post. By that time Watson was regaining his ability to sit without wincing, but seemed to prefer standing. A bit more
He thought of a snarky reply, but John was smiling at him in a way that made him forget how annoying Mycroft was. “Thank you, Mycroft. That’s very… kind of you.”
John is a brave man, but he’s afraid now. He’s stubborn, and he hates asking for help. But he’s come back.
Another eye roll. “You really don’t know anything about running away from home, do you? You have to wait until
My heart quaked. He was not leaving. “But you do it so well, Watson. And if I could brew my own tea, I would not need you, would I?”
His sense of time is all messed up. It’s been hours; he just got here; he’s been waiting forever. He still can’t remember much of last night, and maybe that’s best. The whole thing is one horrifying blow to his pride, which has already taken a beating lately. He’ll have to switch cafes so he never runs into Matt again, move to a new flat in another horrible building, maybe change his name as well.
The events that brought him here are sort of blurry, probably an after-effect of the sedative. He has a vague memory of his attacker reciting poetry. No, that was afterwards. Sherlock, writing a poem. His hand on Watson’s cheek. He remembers that.
But it proved impossible to resist. As long as Victor kept coming over, as long as they seemed to be friends, Sherlock could not box up his feelings and put them away. He needed to act on on them, or stop seeing Victor altogether.
, where waiters hover inconspicuously, stepping forward at the merest quirk of an eyebrow or subtle nod in their direction.
John has always made it clear that he isn’t gay. He’s dated only women, though they don’t usually last more than two dates. Sherlock has no theory about that. (Well, he does, but it’s more wishful thinking than theory: John simply hasn’t realised yet that he’s bisexual.)
This struck him as improbable, if not impossible. He was odd-looking, socially awkward, and not at all nice. He was the opposite of John Watson. So why was Molly crushing on
“Yes,” he says. It’s an answer to everything— regret, grief, sorrow, love. It’s an apology for not seeing sooner, for the night at the Landmark, for his anger and cruel rejection of the man he has loved for years. “Kiss me.”
“I can’t do it.” I gave him a sharp look. “And if Mother thinks I care about the money, she’s wrong.”
“Splendid. Mind, you must not interfere in any way. Once I go inside, you will wait at the window for my signal.”
Holding the picture, memories flew back in, Sherlock remembered that day very well. His mom had forced him to have a party even though he repeatedly told her no one would come. Except John did. They had cake and he opened his presents. His mother insisted on taking a picture. And he would never admit it but he was glad she did.
So Holiday trip was a go. Sherlock in his excitement, offered to plan the trip to John’s amazement, to which he didn’t refuse. He just demanded that Sherlock would decide the dates soon enough so that he could ask for days off at work.
That made John laugh and Sherlock felt lucky to be the one who caused that effect. Now that the tension had disappeared, they took a look at the menu.
“That’s where you are wrong John, for you, I would do anything. And it’s not that bad, I get to enjoy you in either swim trunks or naked, who am I to complained?”
John looked over and saw Sherlock puppy eyes and lip pout. God, he did know how to play dirty. How could he say no to that. Besides he wasn’t really that mad about it, actually it was quite hot seeing Sherlock being jealous. It showed that he cared and John could never be mad at him for that.
It has been weeks since their encounter on the stairs, and Sherlock was desperate for John’s attention. They hadn’t managed apart from a few conversations to really get to know each other and Sherlock as too much of a coward to ask him out yet. So, for now, he would let himself daydream while playing the violin by the window.
“It will be adventurous, I thought you’d like it...”John tried to appeal to Sherlock, “and wouldn’t it be thrilling to have sex on the beach in a place where everyone could see?” He wriggled his eyebrows to prove a point.
So, Sherlock had the good idea to try to meet John by “accident” and start a conversation that could lead to more. He had been waiting for almost an hour now, trying to look as nonchalant as possible if John ever entered the building and found him.
“Starving.” And suddenly, John was on his back and Sherlock was straddling him with a wicked smile, “Shall we start, then?”
“I’m just giving you an idea of what it could have been if we had stayed home for our holidays.” Sherlock murmured in his ear, voice hoarse.
As they got out of the harbour, the Roscoff beach near by they decided to eat lunch at the beach. They found a small café and ordered easily, enjoying the warm weather that was very unusual here. Apparently, they had decided to take their week off when Ireland was having a heat wave, this being their hottest summer in 22 years. The beach was full of people enjoying the weather, the kids running around, some playing football, others building a sand castle.
