"We don't actually think that they set the troll on her to kill her, we believe that they wanted to kill the baby." I clicked my tongue on the roof of my mouth annoyingly and started pacing the room.
“Is there any way that you will love me again?” I ask him through my sobs and he gulps and rubs his eyes tiredly.
“Oh.” She starts giggling and I manage to laugh along with her after a moment. “I would have thought you would be angry.”
“What are you smiling at?” I heard Gabriel’s sudden voice from in front of me and looked back down at him calmly.
"What did I just say!? Shush! I'm getting married to a lady and demon ladies well, they're quiet funny about marrying a demon who has had no... Experience." He mumbled the last part out awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck.
I look behind me and up towards the glass window at the top of the hall which Cas had smashed through to get out of the castle and was half expecting him to come smashing back through them, half expecting to see an awesome shape appear in them but none came. I turn to Anna who is looking at me expectantly and turn to Sammy who is looking at me sadly. I then finally turn to my father and nod.
"Erm... I don't know her name. I've forgotten it. Annie? No, Anna!" I say and Crowley shakes his head at me.
“A Gabriel of the angels here to see you sire.” A guard comes in and says formally. Apparently the war was called off two years ago but I never did find out the reason why. Nowadays I was just focused on running my kingdom and keeping my demons as happy as possible. I hadn’t met an angel since Castiel left!
“Is that it? Pretty damn young for a demon if I do say so myself. I’m over a millennia summers old kid.”
"But they couldn't kill her.. so they waited until Leliel was dead to take the baby and..." I choked on my words slightly and looked down at my hands, tears springing to my eyes.
Castiel licked along the outline of Dean’s shaft through his boxers while Dean whined above him, writhing his body around. He pushed Castiel’s head away and pulled down his boxers himself, getting too impatient with Castiel’s tricks. Now was not the time for that.
"Yes, but i'm very thankful that he did. Without him doing that i would have been used by many demons in that way." She sighs and rubs her eyes tiredly but nods.
"But it's just not good enough for you it is." I snarl, anger flaring within me. She gasps and steps away from me, her whole body trembling.
I get out my toy angel and hold it up next to the castle, pretending that the angel was flying off the peak of the castle and just floating around. I smile before looking around cautiously and slipping off the wall. I check on Marian to see that she is fast asleep before climbing up a tree and standing steadily on a branch. I breathe out heavily to calm down my beating heart before falling fowards off the branch. Time to fly.
"Sh." He whispers, rubbing his cheek against the top of my head as his arms slither around my waist.
"Will you stop messing around and answer the question!" I cry desperately and she laughs loudly before nodding.
“What’s wrong Castiel?” Leliel asked me and she rubbed my shoulders to try and get me to relax. I shake my head and close my eyes tiredly before answering her question.
"Cas!" Gabriel whined, trying to shake his older brother awake. Castiel whimpered as Gabriel started to untie the knots but I stopped him.
"The king summoned me as well, I was debating which one to come too." I say bluntly and he looked at me in surprise.
"Castiel, I need to tell you something!" She shouts at me and I turn to her before grabbing her hand again and pulling her away from the main parts of the battle and towards a quieter area where there were only a few people fallen on the floor, still twitching.
“Don’t be, it needed to be done.” I whisper before walking off. He understood what I meant, we had been planning to get caught by John Winchester for months and now it had finally happened. We were in the positions that we needed to be in and things were running smoothly. I decided to walk around the castle for a while and suddenly ended up outside Dean’s chambers. I didn’t want to be here, but my feet just led me here. I sighed and just walked in, wondering whether or not he would be in his room. He wasn’t there so I assumed he would be out with the red-headed demon they call Anna. I sat by his window and looked out at the view that was absolutely spectacular. That was the thing about being an angel, we could see the world as beautiful where they could only see the world as a rock, floating in time and space that they had been bound too. The door to the chamber opened and the prince walked in. He stopped when he saw me and his lips thinned.
Right as he said that, Ruby appeared in the doorway. "Who are you talking to?" She asked, before dodging out of the way the moment she saw a metal tray being flung her way.
Sam looked nervous as the paper started to burn away and he looked over to Ruby in worry. "Relax. The fire is our friend. Besides, the only part of the map we need is the 'where's Dean?' part. Out." Sam nodded and looked back down at the map, watching it char until it got smaller and smaller. The flames vanish. The map is charred to unreadability; a small circle in the middle is untouched. "There. Your brother's there. It's a good thing angels aren't concerned with hiding their dirty business. Not used to being spied on. I mean, who'd be stupid enough to try?"
"However, Alistair and Lilith wanted the seal broken. They used extreme measures to make you break. They did this for fun while they tortured your father to make him break as well. By the time angels were even able to reach you, your soul was broken." Castiel looked away and back over to Sam. "Destroyed. A soul like that being brought to life would be worst than any torture in hell. A soul like that could never function. A soul like that would be tormented until they would die again."
He looked down, now feeling Sam's hand on his shoulder which made this so much worst. The tears he was holding back started to flood down his cheeks, making his voice and throat hoarse and now physically painful to continue on, but he did. "I knew it was him... all the demons had used my memories against me. They... they would try putting on looks to be like you and mom and dad... but I knew that this was the real him... and his eyes- god they became black like everyone else..." Dean looked up at Sammy, who's eyes where wide but yet still comforting at the same time. Dean did not like the look one bit, because the look was filled with sympathy, empathy, like he was some sick puppy that was being beaten. Dean was always the strong older brother who would protect Sam from anything, but him breaking down in front of his Sammy was painful.
Dean slowly stood up and turned back around, this time being pinned up against the TV by Bobby with the gun at his head. The boy immediately raised his hands. "You're going to tell us what you are, and you are going to tell us now."
Something, however, was wrong. Dean got the sudden craving to eat again the moment his lips touched the burger. He practically inhaled it. He hadn't even realized he finished eating it or how much time had not passed when he caught Sam staring at him as if he was some zombie that had come back from the grave. Well - the TV zombies, not the zombies that they knew. If only a bullet to the head could kill those bastards.
Dean watched him leave. "You're wings are going to get worn out if you keep adding those pounds on, junkless!" He yelled out before looking over at Castiel, who still was in what he liked to call 'soldier formation' due to how tightly his shoulders were being kept. "Mind explaining to me why you two had to come flying in from god knows where into MY home with Sam and Bobby, and yanking me from out of there?" He asked.
Dean tried to force himself to stay awake to hear more of the conversation, but he couldn't. The weakness of his body began to betray him as he closed his eyes and felt himself go motionless. The difference between falling asleep and passing out, is that one of them is a choice. Although it's a process to fall asleep, passing out is typically done because of trauma. So when trauma is forced onto someone who tries to avoid sleeping because of unconfronted trauma? It does not end pretty. For Dean Winchester? There is no exception from the pain.
This time, he doesn't pull away, he only let's out a shaky breath as he grabbed the other's arms. No reason, not pulling away, nothing like that. Just more of... support mayhaps. "Well, then you guys are screwed..." He mumbled. "I can't do it, Cas... It's-it's too big." Dean began to stutter, his hands shaking slightly. "Alastair was right. I'm not all here. I'm not—I'm not strong enough." He said softly. Looking back down at the floor, tears slowly welding up inside of his eyes. "Well, I guess I'm not the man either of our dad's wanted me to be... Find someone else..." Dean softly begged. "It's not me... it's not me..."
Uriel smirked. "That's why we've come to get his favorite student. You happened to be the most qualified man we got."
Even if this was an angel, why would he be the one to be saved from hell? Surely there where hundreds of souls who deserve to get out of hell over him.
He crackles his knuckles before grabbing his lead pipe, the weight in his hands made it feel all the more real. He was about to torture a demon, and he was enjoying every second of it. Dean grabbed the salt and coated the outside rim and the dusted the rest with more salt crystals. "You have not disappointed me so far. Come on. You gotta want a little payback for everything I did to you. For all the pokes and prods. Hm?"
"Dean, this doesn't have to be as big of a deal as you are making it out to be. Just get it over with so we can ease our fears." Sam said in a gentle tone.
Dean's eye widened as he turned around to see what that sound was. Nothing looking odd until he found his gaze being attracted to what looked like to be a ball that was a few yards behind him. It must've hit the ground hard to make that noise. He looked around for a moment before hearing another-
"Oh, no. No, no way. Um, they probably don't even know I exist. I just kind of... overhear them." She mumbles the first part, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.
There was an awkward pause, the silence was deafening as the other angel closed the door that they had blown open. Dean wondered if this was the superior that Castiel mentioned the day before. "And I, you." Cas stated, finally grabbing and shaking the other's hand. "Sam Winchester." His hand folded over the hunters. "The boy with the Demon blood. It's good to hear you have ceased your extracurricular activities."
Dean arched his neck to see what was there. Silver blades, holy water, holy wood, dead man's blood, iron, holy oil, and a lot of other things that he couldn't quite make out. He looked over to Sam with begging eyes. "Sam, are you just going to let him torture me?"
His eyes go wide as he put a hand against his head. "Fuck! Fuck!" He falls back down to the ground and screamed loudly, "SAM!"
Thankfully, Bobby had every thing that Ruby needed to make the spell. It was a little odd to the demon how the hunter was able to have everything so quickly. Yet again, anyone who associated with the Winchesters seemed to always be prepared for any little thing. Sam stood beside the demon while Bobby folded his arms and watched as she worked. She mixed the gathered items and throws the liquified contents onto the map which soak from corner to corner. Then she picked up a candle, one made of infant fat, bones of a bird, and the tears of a demon. "Ostende nobis puerum quis est occultatum locum suum servat gratia." She chanted, before holding the candle to the edge of the map, which lit the paper ablaze in mere seconds. "Ad eius situm et merces gloriosum."
Whelp, the tone in the room had totally changed now. Like when a someone starts to cry during sex, it's rather awkward. Dean shook his head as he looked back out the window. He didn't want to be dealing with this right now, he kind of just wanted to go drive for an hour while rocking out to some of his tapes. But, that doesn't seem to be happening. "Look, if we aren't able to help me, well fuck, I've died once. I don't care at this point. I hate how I'm being treated like a prisoner. What we should be doing right now- is finding Lilith and figuring out what these other seals are so we can stop her from breaking them."
“Dean, I hate to see my brother like this. He truly loved you at one point and I think a part of him still does and I know you do as well so just come. Even if it’s just for one night. I’ll fly you there and back so we don’t have to ride for weeks on end with horses.” I was thinking about Valentina but she has lasted longer without me before. I had to go away for two weeks at one point and I remember missing her that much that I even came back earlier. This was different though. This was Castiel.
"I suppose I better." He mumbles out before walking into the castle without even bothering to look for any demons. I suppose the halt in the war four two years really cooled things off between angels and demons but I didn't expect it to last long. I shrug before walking quickly to the nursery that I had made for Valentina and opened the door quietly in case she was asleep. Instead she was playing with the main nurse, she was a demon and a drunk but she was good at her job also so I suppose I could turn a blind eye to her likeness for wine.
“Yes, he’s also the king.” I nod my head and itch the back of my neck before going over to my study desk and sorting through some papers.
“Well you see… we don’t wear pants with this and frankly, the breeze his quiet refreshing!” He starts laughing madly and normally I would be disgusted by what he just said but because of his charisma and the way he said it I find myself laughing along with the Golden haired crazy, amazing angel.
“M-my names Ally, this is my older sister Amy and my brother, Adam.” She pointed to the two older angels and I nodded to them.
“Because I love you.” He whispers out so only I can here and I grimace at him and push myself away from him.
“Then why do I like you so much?” I ask him seriously and his face drops, his features expressionless and his eyes dead. Oh no, this can’t be good.
"Dear, no. My dearest Anna..." He laughs and I growl. "Why did you cross out her name then write it again?"
"PLEASE." I call back and i hear her mumble something before shouting back a please. Dean laughed slightly and i shook my head before we both walked out of the room and downstairs to where Valentina is waiting his her red cloak and black dress.
“How would you like to come and stay with me for a while?” He whispers and my eyes go wide before I look towards his castle in the distance.
"I just-" I start but he cuts me off by leaning down and slamming his lips on mine. For a moment i kiss back, bringing my hands up to his face but i suddenly let them drop and stand backwards, breaking this kiss and looking away from him.
The two boys hunt monsters of all kinds, completely cutting off their demon roots and live peacefully in an old men of letters bunker. They have day jobs also, Sam runs a small joke shop in hope that one day Gabriel may pop in for a visit and Dean does managerial work at a high end business, in one of the large towers in New York.
"I don't know Dada, i didn't get round to asking him that. We didn't speak much but he was just as beautiful as you described! He said that we could meet again!" I cried excitedly and jumped up and down on the balls of my feet.
Castiel’s heart wells in it’s chest when Dean argues his point across. He wasn’t going to leave Castiel again, he had made his point and the honest to god truth was, Castiel didn’t want him to leave anyway. He didn’t want him to pretend that this meeting never happened because even though they had missed ten thousand years of each other’s lives, that would leave ten thousand years of catching up to do. They would never not have anything to talk about, and when they were not talking….
"No, she was an angel." I say and their mouths drop open. I look around the hall at the other angels who all look just as shocked and horrified at the Winchester brothers. "Sam and Dean Winchester are half angel and half demon. That means that they are half one of us, you will not touch a single hair on their heads until we find out what to do with them."
I woke up the next morning in a cold sweat, my breathing was haggard and my mouth was as dry as dead bone. I got up quickly and got changed even quicker before I sprinted down the halls towards the great hall where Gabriel was talking to some officials. When I strode into the hall they all bowed low and I nodded my head in respect at them. I turn to Gabriel with a wild look in my eyes and he looks at me strangely before dismissing the officials from our presence.
"Well, i have been keeping myself busy due to you calling off the war." He tells me and i nod my head. We stand side by side looking out onto the angel kingdom and somewhere along the lines his hand moves across to mine, linking them together. Touching each other for the first time in years.
"I love you, understand that." He whispers and i nod my head. "I've said it before and i will say it again, if only we lived in another life eh? Where we could be together and not have anyone on our backs or kingdoms to run."
"Stop my warriors. We shall now walk." Crowley spoke out before sliding down off his horse. He kept a hand on the hilt of his sword in case anyone was about but there was no need to do this really. The land was deserted and all that could be heard was the demons heavy breathing and a wolf howling at the moon somewhere in the distance. Their chainmail chinked and chimed as they walked and their boots in the sandy ground heavily. In the distance they could see a dip in the ground and a strange coloured fire burning in the middle of it. They approached it with caution and but Crowley smiles as he see's the malten rock shining brightly out of the ground.
"Dean, i don't know what to do!" I cry as he rubs my back and sits down next to me, pulling my head down to rest on his lap like a child as he plays with my hair and keeps rubbing my back. After a few minutes i had finally calmed down so i sat up and rubbed the tears away from my eyes, staring into space. Dean didn't speak, he didn't need to and he knew that. I supposed he knew about Leliel's death and my daughters disappearance so i didn't need to talk to him about it... he already knew.
"I don't know Sam, okay? I don't know just... Leave me alone yeah?" I turn away from him but I can still feel his eyes boring into me. I sigh loudly and look at that black spot on the parchment in my hand. I knew exactly why I had written his name, it's because I wanted to write the letter to him but I knew that if it got into the wrong hands I would be in real trouble from my father and worse, crowley.
"Never sire, I will always come when you call." I nod my head and he smiles at me before catching me up on what has been going on. He tells me how they surprised the angels with a sudden attack, obviously he didn't know that I already knew that this is what he was going to do due to Leliel's prophecy. He tells me his tactics and the armies position and we are standing around or what seems like hours. The sun finally goes down and it is time to go into my tent to catch some shut-eye but all I keep thinking is the fact that Castiel is in a tent only a few hundred yards down the hill.
“Wise choice in words, you’re thinking of your people rather than just your own wishes. We have already been fighting for a month and I think it is time to make a move. We need more men and I shall call upon those in the lower east of the region and I will get your father to contact those in Africa and Russia. We need as many men as we can get. Now, I want you to call upon the king of the angels to meet you in the middle of the war field, make sure you wave a white flag so they know that you are not going to fight and ask for him. Tell him what we want.” I nod my head before grabbing a white flag and walking out onto the battlefield. It was going to be strange talking to Castiel in such a formal manner but it needed to be done. As I walked to the middle of the battle grounds, one of the guards walked warily up to me before standing a few feet in front of me.
“So these are the angels you retrieved?” He asked. His voice was low and gravelly but extremely posh in a regal and powerful kind of way.
“Oh, aren’t i?” I ask curiously and he shakes his head and hugs me, keeping his eyes closed and slowly drifting off to sleep.
I roll out of bed after we are done and she moans at the loss of my body next to hers. I lean down and kiss her nose gently before telling her I will be back soon. I pull on a night robe and walk out of my bedroom and through another set of doors into my study where I stand at the window and look out into the night. I can see my reflection through the glass and I notice that my eyes are still black as night. The man staring back at me doesn’t look like me and I back away slowly, not liking what I see. I changed my eyesight back to normal and come away from the window and sit down at my desk slowly. I look at it and see a small sheet of parchment crumpled up in a ball at the very back of my desk so I reach out and grab it, smoothing it out on the edge of my desk. When I look at it I realise that it is the letter that I wrote for Cas so many months ago but I had crossed out his name.
"Hm." I mumble tiredly, trying to turn my back on him but he catches my waist and turns me towards him instead.
“Where are you going?” Gabriel asks and we both stiffen up before turning to him. Castiel sighs and walks over to his brother, placing his hands on his shoulders and shaking them slightly in comfort.
“Ergh, I’m an angel Dean. I am and always will be, I got sent here by the queen to seduce you and marry you okay?” She snaps and I smile subtly behind my hand.
Today was my 7th birthday and my papa had said that he had something for me so I was now on my way to go and see him, trudging down the hall as I go towards my father’s study. I was getting impatient because I had told Castiel it was my birthday today, making sure he knew to come on this day to see me because that would be the best birthday present ever, getting to listen to another one of his stories. I knock on his door politely before I enter and smile at him shyly as I walk in. He smiles back when he sees me and comes waltzing over to pick me up and hug me, swinging me around before putting me back down on the floor.
"Alright, i was only asking." I say, rolling my eyes slightly and looking at him. "I meant what have you been doing with yourself?"
"I'm sorry for disturbing your morning prayers, please carry on." I say to the angels who are all muttering in awe at the sight of their missing King. Me, Gabriel and Michael walk towards my study that is placed in the centre of the highest tower. I wanted it to be up there because the view was so spectacular and if I felt like stretching my wings after working hard in my study, I could just jump from the balcony that was attached to the tower and fly.
“Oh my god.” I look at him quickly and he’s looking back at me in utter shock. His mouth his open, his eyes are wide and his eyebrows are raised. There is something in his eyes that I can’t quite make out and my eyebrows furrow in confusion.
“I’m sorry Dean, I wish things were different.” He whispers almost frantically, gulping and looking around us to see if anyone was listening in.
"Because you made me be! All this time you have been making me fall in love with you, just so you can kill me when the times right! Don't think i don't know!" I am rooted speechless by her truthful words and it hurt like a thousand blunt angel blades sticking into my chest.
"What sort of experience?" I asked suspiciously and he gave me that look to say 'are you being serious right now'. "Oh..."
“Oh I think I already know… I heard about your dead wife and your missing child from a few spies of mine.” He glare up at him, anger fuming through my body as I spring up out of my throne and hold the angel blade to his throat. For a moment he looks genuinely scared before I tell him to leave the angel kingdom and not dare try and find my daughter. He lets out a breath of relief as I take the blade away from his neck and scurries on the throne room as quickly as possible. He was lucky that I let him go because I was angry enough that I could have killed him there and then. The reason why I didn’t kill was because I knew that if I did Dean would have to get involved. He would probably become the next king of the demons and have to go to war against me. The shred of love I had left in me was for him and my little girl, wherever she may be.
"You need to leave." I hiss at him and he gulps before getting off me and pulling me up with him. I yelp when I realise I'm start naked and start wrapping a sheet around my body.
“I don’t know Leliel.” He chokes out before turning his back on my but not moving out of the room. I knew exactly why he didn’t love me anywhere but I didn’t know if I had the guts to just tell him straight but I was just too exhausted tonight. The baby was kicking and I found it hard to sleep.
Castiel shamelessly burst into tears right in the middle of the coffee shop bathroom, tears spilling onto the tiled floors as his loud sobs echo through the toilets. Dean didn’t know what to do at first; surprised to see Castiel so emotional because of seeing him but also wanting to run to him and hug him so tightly, he would stop crying, and that is exactly what Dean Winchester did.
"Yes he hates them but once upon a time he fell in love with one. Mariel fell for him, I mean literally fell." I explain ironically and he shakes his head.
"Gone." I tried keeping the answers as short as possible and try not to exaggerate them too much as I know I lie can get out of hand if one does this.
It should be easy to find out how to do it, it should be easy to just get it over and done with. I should have done it on the first day i ever met her, it would have made the whole situation so much easier. I opened my mouth to speak to her but she moved towards me quickly and suddenly her lips were pressed against mine.
"I'm afraid not little red, i do not want to intude and besides... i like living like this. I'm free from all the wars and hastle and death and gloom. I live in peace." I smile at him and nod.
"Good." She then tells me to go and tell everyone while she already starts making arrangements for it; what dress she is going to wear, how she will have her hair and what music will play. My smile drops once she is out of sight and even though this should be a happy occasion, the fact that I had just proposed to my future Queen, I felt as sad as if someone whom was close to me had just died and in way, I suppose they had.
“Away. I need you to be in charge while I’m gone.” He snaps his fingers and hands Gabriel a piece of parchment which legally states that Gabriel is his heir and pats his cheek when Gabriel looks down on it in horror.
“I’m Leliel by the way.” The woman says, bouncing over to them and extending a hand. Castiel rolls his eyes but takes the woman’s; Leliel’s hand in his before shaking it. She bows slightly but not in the way you’re meant to too your king. “I’m first commander of the women’s army.”
"No father, I've made my decision. I have already bedded him." I say,looking straight into his eyes.
I look at my father in shock and I’m at a loss for words. King? Already? I didn’t know if I was ready for that yet but I had been training for this position all of my life. I gulped and nodded at my father and he stood up and patted me on my back. He then walked over to Sam and rubbed his hair, making Sam give him a roll of his eyes and a pouted look.
I could hear them all talking about me. I could hear them all whispering things behind their hands but I didn’t care. I didn’t care if they thought I was going mad because maybe I was. I had been searching for my daughter for two whole years, my whole body ached for her and I was so busy looking for her that I barely showered or shaved. Two year old bags had formed under my eyes and I was so weary. Oh so weary.
"I didn't at the time Sire, but I do now. I regret every day, every single say the way I killed her. We must save her son's, we must bring them here and teach them how to be angels rather than demons." I shook my head at his idea but Gabriel stepped in.
"Listen, I heard about your daughters disappearance and I would like to announce that you have our help." Crowley says and I raise an eyebrow in suspicion.
"I hid her in my saddle." I shrug, poking at the baby's lips and cooing slightly. I look at Sam who has his eyebrows raised at me and I roll my eyes. "Shut up."
Dean Winchester sat at the spot where his daughter was buried exactly 18 years after she had died. He laid a red rose down by her grave and wept for his one and only daughter that never reached her true potential, that never got to marry and have children herself, that never got to see the world apart from the woods of their little manor that he, Castiel and her shared together.
He went over to the dresser again, and pulled out a pair of socks, he forgot to grab some before he left to take a shower. "Thanks for dropping into another dream, Cas." Dean says in a semi-dramatic tone. He looked up and looked at the angel, who's head was slightly tilted to the side. "But usually when I have dreams about being in the shower? I'm typically pinning and being pinned." Dean sat down on the edge of the bed, slipping on some socks. Hey, at least now he knew why all of his cuts where gone. It's a dream, so it would make sense that they would be gone. Yet, he doesn't remember being in any position of where he would have fallen asleep. He hadn't laid down or sat in the shower.
"Great, just great." He stood up and walked over to the fridge, wanting to grab any left over whisky but he knew that there wasn't any left. Dean decided on the next best thing. He kicked a chair out of frustration before pacing the front of the room next to the window and door. "So why aren't you and your little 'superior'-" Dean said while raising his hands for air quotes, "- out there doing something about this!?" He huffed.
Sam was the first to break the silence, although he seemed like he didn't want to but had to based on his tone of voice. "Dean... we should get you dressed and hit the road before the doctor comes to check on you." He said softly.
The demon nodded and kissed Sam on the cheek before disappearing into thin air. The hunter chuckled slightly and grabbed his lighter and set the leaves on fire. He looked forward. "This better work." He mumbled before picking up the parchment that was on the alter table. "
When they came back to Bobby's, the first thing wasn't a hello or a hug, more of surprise and worry. Dean remembered his father figure asking if they had a run in with a fat sucker monster that he couldn't remember the name of. It sounded like fish tacos or something along those lines. Of course, they said no to that claim and asked why. Guess it takes someone who hasn't seen you in person for awhile to notice a weight drop.
Sam gave a nervous look to Bobby, and Bobby returned the look. Dean rolled his eyes, raising his hands high up in the air. "I'm fine! Do I look like I'm not???" He asks.
Sam furrowed his brows, looking more confused than ever. He looked to Bobby who gave a disappointing look. He younger brother let out a small breath as he walked over to his brother to the window, his arms folded as he stood beside him. "What do you mean, Dean?"
He felt his arm get warm, and he looked down at it. This was a first. Usually when he hurt himself it would take a good couple of minutes before he felt it healing, why was it suddenly happening right away?
Sam now spoke up, his gun trained on Uriel's head. They still haven't found anything to kill an angel but shooting does seem to make them flinch a tiny bit even if it wasn't a lot. "We just got back from a witch hunt to save one of your precious seals, which don't seem to be holding up!"
A gust of wind slowly overtook were he laid, it felt peaceful and kept the possible burns away from himself. Dean laid there for what could've been hours, the smell of the trees around him was intoxicating when compared to the other senses he'd been with for... quite a long time. He didn't know what snapped him back to reality, maybe it was the soft chill that told him the sun would be setting any minute now, but the first thought was- "Sam!" He said aloud.
“I don’t know, I just found them in the museum and decided to put them on the throne to make it look better.”
"I wish i could go on an adventure. I havn't been on an adventure for almost a year now and it wasn't very fun. It was uncomfrotable and annoying to be honest but i want to go off on my own and experience the world, just like you."
“I’m a what?” I hiss. “Because I sure as hell ain’t a demon! You told me that yourself, maybe there is a chance for us Cas. I could denounce the throne and just say that I want to embrace my angel side.”
I drop next to him, both of us breathing heavily as our hearts beat wildly in our chests as we came down off out highs. I look to the side at him and and smile as his face is mushed against the floor lazily, his mouth open slightly and the sweat glistening off his forehead.
“I apologise for being rude your highness, I suppose it’s just that I’m still getting used to being a s-a slave.” I put my head down and look at my feet. I hear shuffling and Dean is suddenly stood in front of me with his hands on my shoulders.
“What? It is already spoiled!” She was about to say something else when the doors burst open and in came a regal and harsh looking demon. I assumed this was the king by the way the demon cook bowed and sputtered, backing away from him.
I hated lying to her, I hated not being able to love her anymore but I was so in love with that damn demon that knew I would come when he called without a shadow of a doubt that I couldn’t exactly not go to him. She didn’t deserve this, I didn’t deserve her. She deserved someone so much better than me but she was trying so hard to try and get me to fall in love with her again. After yesterday, when I spent half the day in bed with her she had also taken me too the church we got married in, the place where I had proposed to her and then back to the chambers to have more sex. It didn’t do anything for me and I couldn’t help but be overcome by grief and guilt for the poor woman who was carrying my child. There was something there, I knew there was. For a moment I thought I was falling in love with her again but I realised that it wasn’t her I was falling for, I was falling in love with the tiny heartbeat that was in her stomach. The little girl that was growing in there and was soon to be mine. I didn’t know what to do anymore so I just flew and flew until I got past the border, out of the angel city and into the demon kingdom.
"But killing the queen in cold blooded murder... Cas that's really deep. They know that you're going to have the whole kingdom out looking for whoever killed her and kidnapped your little girl, I don't know if they would be willing to risk that."
"Shut it!" The guard smacked me around the back of my head and I grunted in pain. My feet were dragging along the floor while the two guards had a hold of an arm each. I growled and snapped at them both, struggling.
"I agree, it's very boring. But they like doing it that way so I like to make them happy." She smiles. "Are you going to sit down or what?" She pats the space of the tree stump next to her but i shake my head.
"Forget about it." I mumble out and she closes her mouth and nods her head, biting her lip slightly out of embaressment.
“No.” He replied and I could feel my heart shatter into a thousand pieces and I let out a loud sob and clutched my chest, the pain bursting through my body like fire and stab wounds. I fell back onto the bed, shielding my face from the look in his eyes, not wanting to show that I was breaking but it was obvious. So obvious that he had broken my heart the way sobs stuck in my throat and tears poured out of my eyes. How could he do this to me? How could he just fall out of love with me like he has?
"I didn't ask you to do the whole thing, just run his bath. Hurry now!" She shooed me off and I grumbled something out when I was out of earshot of her. I walked towards the princes chambers in which I learned was right next to the kings. At least it would be easy to just slip in when I was done here. I walked past the demon guards without saying a word and towards the washroom where a large bronze bath was laid. I grabbed a bucket and went outside to the courtyard where an old well was to start filling it up before bringing it back in and warming it up over the fire. I did this about seven or eight times before the water was relatively full. I bent over the bath and was about to grab a towel when I heard a low whistle coming from behind me. I stopped dead in my tracks and mentally slapped myself for not checking the room before I bent over. I slowly stood up straight and spun around to come face to face with a man, who looked no older than me, who had dirty blonde hair, deep green eyes and plush lips. He was wearing expensive clothing and leaning on the doorframe coolly and I could only guess that this was the prince.
“I have had a week or two to cool off now and I’ve spent some time with her. She’s so polite and kind and happy… you… you brought her up well Dean.” He tells me and I let a small smile slip onto my face but it quickly drops again. I look up at him quickly and walk over to him, putting my hands on his shoulders and looking at him determinedly as he looks up at me confused.
There was a moment of silence where I waited for him to say what he wanted I say or do what he wanted to do but he never did anything. I looked at him expectantly but he was looking at his feet like they were the most interesting thing in the world.
“No of course not! I thought you said something else.” She says quickly, regaining her composure slightly.
"Castiel?" I look around to see a lady stood there, she was wearing a long red dress that clashed with her same coloured hair. I recognised this as the demon who Dean was planning on marrying so I stood up quickly and bowed to her.
I jump back on the horse, but carefully as not to hurt the baby inside of me. It was strange to think that I had another angel growing inside of me but I felt happy, ecstatic even that Castiel and I were going to have a child. I kicked the horse’s sides softly and set it off at a slow pace towards the castle, knowing that the journey was going to take longer than I had first anticipated.
"Oh indeed it is. You see, Dean Winchester has a soft spot for angels. Both him and his brother treat them in a strange manner that contrasts with how other demons treat us. I think that when he becomes king, there could be a catalyst event in this war." I look out onto the view and think about the demon that had said he loved me. I had said it back and I had meant every word of it when I said it but I didn't know whether I said that because I hoped that he would let me out or because I didn't want him to hate me for what I was about to tell him; that I was king of the angels.
“Tidy out the kings living quarters.” Is all she said before walking away. I sighed and walked out of the kitchen, balancing the bucket and cloth. How the hell was I supposed to find the kings quarters when I didn’t even know where he slept. I saw a young boy, a few years younger than me, hitting a leather ball on the wall. He was sat down on the floor sadly so I decided to go up to him.
"If she never left, i would not have been born." Dean pointed out indignantly and i chuckle lightly.
“What do you think?” He snaps and throws my clothes back onto the floor before storming out of the room. I was shocked to say the least as he was male! Why would my father bring in a male sex sla- oh. I shudder just thinking about it and look down at the dirty washing on the floor. I felt bad, which was weird. I’ve never really felt bad about anything before and I didn’t like the feeling, it made me angry at the stupid little angel. I decide to leave my breakfast, pick up the clothes that he dropped on the ground and go and find him.
"No, i'm not in love with you but that is only because i am incapable of loving anybody." She looked down at her feet dissappointed but nodded her head anyway. "I would like to still meet with you."
“Don’t apologise. I need someone to argue with after a hard day of being prince.” He chuckles and I grimace.
"YOU FIGHT THOSE FAIRIES VAL!" Dada shouts after me and i laugh at him from down the hall before going back to Marian.
"No, Aneal. That is not the case. I know the reason why the prince is the way he is but I do not wish to speak about it. Was there anything else before we send you on your way. As disrespectful as you are for leaving us, I will not make you stay." He looks at me seriously and I gulp.
"Thank you sir." He waves me off before turning around and walking out of his chambers, leaving me, Sam and Gabriel alone once again. I turn to speak to Gabriel but he is already bursting through my fathers bedroom door to get to Castiel. Me and Sam walk in a second after to find Gabriel hugging Castiel's weak body. He is covered up by some of the sheets but his hands are still tied to the bedpost, his wrists red raw from the strain of pulling then. There are bruises and marks on his back and a lump is forming on his forehead.
"H-he..." I start but the words get stuck in my throat. I hold onto Dean's hand tightly and keep an arm wrapped around Valentina who is cowering behind me.
“Exactly what I said it means.” I retort and he pushes me against the cold stone wall of his chamber.
“I’m definitely sure. In fact she was a bit jumpy about it, almost as if she was afraid of you.” I look at him intently to see if his face slipped or he did anything to tell me something that he was hiding but his face stayed the same, looking at me intently and seriously.
He's done this thousands of times before to prove he wasn't a monster or possessed by anything to others, because... because he knew in those times that he wasn't possessed by anything so there was nothing to worry about. He wasn't a monster in those times. This time- Dean was proving it to himself.
"So I was only raised from hell, because my father was somehow seen as holy- which is a crapload of shit- and I have to clean up his damn mess. Again." Dean scoffed.
It took a moment later before Dean woke up and wrestled with the tube in his mouth. Sam let out a happy sigh of relief but ran out of the room asking for a doctor.
"There is no escape, Boy. So you better get to it." Uriel stated, folding his arms across his chest.
Now Sam interjected, probably feeling like a third wheel at this point from not being apart of all the questioning. "Anna, when did the voices start? Do you remember?"
Dean got into the shower and let the warm water run down his aching muscles. He didn't even realize how stiff or tense his body felt until the liquid began flowing down his body. Yeah, nothing beats a nice shower. Especially when comparing it to the makeshift water bottle bath that he gave himself in that gas station. Although, he was lucky that nobody saw him swipe that car or saw him driving it. Stolen vehicles don't usually look stolen unless the driver looks like they where covered in grass and dirt. Oh- like he was.
Dean's eyes opened as he was being shaken, he let out a loud gasp as he looked around quickly. He was still in the bed from earlier, gun still under the bed. He looked to the window and saw that the darkness was gone, it was probably the middle of the day now based on where the sun was in the sky. He looked back up finally and let out a relieved sigh.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck, of course there's the whole him being raised by the dead and these sort of things happening to him- but it's nothing that the medical staff of humans could do for them now. "What does that have to do with an animal attack?" He asked.
Dean took it and mumbled a small 'thanks' and grabbed the bottle, downing a good chunk of it before shaking his head at the other. "You sure about Ruby? 'Cause I think it's just as likely she used us to find radio girl and then brought that demon in to kill us."
A man stood before him, grabbed the gun as it fired- seeming to have no affect. Dean's eyes widened in shock before grabbing at an iron sword that was on the wall and lunging forward. The person before him grabs the weapon, using the momentum to swing the hunter away from the stairs and against the wall- the sword falling out of Dean's hands as he was pinned against the wall by his wrists, the force pushing them against the wall above his head, right on his burns.
He heard Sam let in a sharp breath, Dean knew he saw the number as well. "132 pounds? How much did you weight before?" Sam asked.
His breathing shutters for a moment, he felt this overwhelming urge to just bolt out of the station and into the hail thunder storm and find Sam. God, was Sam even okay? Last thing to remember was that demon.. Lilith- had them trapped inside of a house and had Dean and Sam pinned when... Dean let out another shaky breath, not wanting to think about those awful creatures. The way the rotten flesh hung off of the hellhounds body, the blood and mucus that formed in every pore, it's large and gnashing teeth- claws that looked like bones that tore away at his body as if it was butter.
Dean shook his head and ripped his arm free. "Hitch back to Bobby's, thank you very much." he says turning back to his original direction only to see Uriel pop in front of him. His wings spread to assert some sort of dominance, but Dean was not having any of it. "Stop trying to be assert dominance and get out of my way."
Dean looked back over to him, for a moment he had forgot that the other was there. He walked away from his brother and went directly to Cas. "No. No way. You can't ask me to do this, Cas. Not this."
"Get in there and heal him. Miracle. Now!" Sam demanded, his nose scrunched and lip twitching into a scowl. "
Sam looked at her, she had a good point and right now he would honestly do anything to drink some demon blood. To feel stronger and make his addiction worst. It made him feel powerful and that he could protect Dean. "It's still weird. Drinking blood from you is a bit erotic, but you're
Dean drops his head back on the couch that he was laying on, letting out an annoyed sigh. It had been a two weeks since he had been brought back to life. Most of that time was spent with him eating as much food as he could as well as taking a lot of naps here and there whenever he could. When the idea of this thing that brought Dean back was an angel, the boys were spent looking up every bit of lore on these creatures as possible.
"Dean, Ruby is different! She isn't even possessing a body that has a soul in. While you were m.i.a I expressed my concerns with her, and now she isn't doing it anymore. I think you would be rather surprised with her."
He gave a brief moment of pause as he looked at himself. There was a bright blue glow reflecting off of the screen that seemed to bounce off, he couldn't even see his pupils. Dean pulled down on his cheek and off to the side, trying to see more of his eyes. However, he stopped once he saw the glow going away, he bit the bottom of his lip as he saw his normal reflection bouncing back now.
Now he realized that he was still in the same position as if he was pinned so he quickly stood up and got out of it, brushing off his outfit. "Cass was here." He mumbled,
Alistair was screaming painfully, and Dean knew that the angel outside could hear every last bit of it. No matter who walked by or in, they could no be mistake for what was going on in this room. Dean turns the knife, burying the blade so deep that the metal only stopped as the tip of the blade hit hexacle. "Is that they heal. Well- to a certain degree. Such as like this. You can't heal of course, but you can't die. Now that's the beauty." Dean says letting go of the blade but leaving it stuck in.
He took a deep breath, but it was a harsh one. Dean slowly stood up from his seat- took another deep breath- and yeeted his bottle across the kitchen.
My eyes drifted open slowly and I yawned slightly before making sense of my surroundings, the visions of last night coming back to memory. I was still in the princes bed wrapped up in quilts, covers and his arms. I looked to the right of me and saw him, eyes closed and breathing in and out gently through the small parting of his mouth. I watched him for a short while before his own eyes started fluttering open showing nothing but the glittering black instead of his beautiful green ones. However the black slipped out of his eyes and they were back to normal in seconds, looking at me like they were bearing right into my soul. There was no expression on his face and his eyes were flat so I couldn't tell what he was thinking or feeling lying next to me, a slave, in his own bed. He rolled over suddenly so he was lying on his back and rubbed his eyes to try and get the sleep out of them. I took my arms and legs away from him thinking that maybe he didn't want them on him but he didn't say anything at all. I wish I had my powers so I could read what he was thinking because I was finding it really hard by just trying to read the expressions on his face. He sat up in bed and looked over to the window which showed the bright sun bearing through it. I noticed that on his arm was a dark handprint and I gulped slightly, hoping that he wouldn't notice that I left a mark on him. It was strange to see the burn on his arm and I wondered how I had got enough power to mark him, especially when my powers were completely drained. He got up and walked over to the window stark naked, showing me his perfect everything, before peering out of it and looking at the position of the sun to see what time it was.
"You did it out of jealousy Michael, don't say you did it to protect your kind. You killed her because if you couldn't have her, no one else could. Did you know she had two little boys."
“Kind?” He spits out and I sit up again. He didn’t pull me down this time but instead sat up himself, glaring at me.
“Oh that must be so hard for you, getting waited on hand and foot, getting everything handed to you on a silver platter, getting bowed to in the corridors and having people basically worship you. I feel so bad for you.”
“Do you want us to follow her, your majesty, to make sure she is ok?” A warrior asked and I thought about this for a moment before shaking my head.
"Good." She replied simply, letting go of my neck and tapping my nose with her forefinger. He grin at her and kiss her nose before placing her back down on the floor.
“Perhaps the wrong word to use.” I stand up and I can hear Dean follow me, he grabs me and roughly shoves me back on the bed.
“No Gabriel, this is ridiculous. Why can’t you just accept the fact that I am in love with you.” He says, stamping his foot and once again I look at him in shock.
"You're new?" He asks and I nod slowly, not daring to look into his eyes. "You're meant to call me 'Your Highness'"
"Dirty." He replies simply but he can't hold the smile from his face. I shake my head at him when he takes the crown off and inspects its value. He then starts taking off my clothes again but as he does, I notice him smelling himself and grimacing. I suppose that he hadn't bathed since he got here which was more than six months ago now and I frown. When he is back in his normal slave clothes he walks over to the lavender that is placed in a glass bowl at the end of my bed, grabs some and starts rubbing his body with it. "I smell."
"Yes please." I say and she raises and eyebrow at my politeness before walking slowly over and handing Sam her baby before taking mine, I mean uh... the one that I found away from me. She gets out her breast and I turn away out of politeness, slapping Sam's head as he stares. "Don't stare Sammy."
He finally entered around twenty minutes later, dragging his feet on the floor and looking down at the ground. I look up at him and tap my fingers on my desk impatiently waiting for him to speak. After a few moments of silence he finally looks up at me with those beautiful eyes of his and I can feel my heart flutter in its chest.
"It's Sam! What's the point in shortening my name if your just going to make it long again by adding some stupid vowel at the end?!" She groans and I roll my eyes.
"Because he doesn't exactly like our father, Dean. He only copes with him because he is good at his job and he rules the people well." Sam explained sassily, speaking to me as if I was stupid.
"And your the stupidest demon I'VE ever met." I retorted back and he throws his arms up in the air in defeat.
"Cas, what the hell is going on? Why has my father dragged you down here?" He asks hurriedly and in a hushed tone, not wanting anyone to know that i was down here.
I groan loudly and rub my face. The stupid ball to help me find a "princess" was tonight and if I didn't choose one, one would have to be appointed to me. These were father’s rules and I hated them with a passion. All I wanted to do was go out and fight the damn demon war that was raging on in other countries. If there was something I hated more than my father’s rules, it was the angels. They killed my mother in cold blooded murder and it was safe to say that I wanted revenge the same as my father. However he wouldn’t tell me which angel killed her so I didn’t have any leads. The closest I have come to any angel is when they are cleaning room but these aren’t proper angels. They’re foot angels, unimportant and worthless. They are slaves and we rule over them easily enough. Ever since Crowley brought back the fallen star and melted it down to create a sort of powerful metal to make into chains for the Angels we have managed to capture thousands of them. Father didn’t need to hire other demons to work in the palace anymore as he had so many angels working for him that he had no need to hire demons. This cut back on a lot of labour costs for our kingdom and this is what I have been learning about in my studying and reading. I roll out of bed and pull on a tunic and a waistcoat before putting on a pair of fabric shoes. I wasn’t practicing my fighting methods today so I did not need to put on any chainmail or amour. My legs were pretty cold as the morning air got to them but I ignored the shivers and walked out of my bedroom door where two guards were stationed.
"Well it's too late now, they already did risk it. Now I'm going to hunt every last demon down until I find Leliel's murderer and find my daughter before holding her for the first time in my arms. I didn't let Leliel take her away from me and I won't let demons either. They will die just as brutally as she did." My voice was harsh and my eyes turned to fire. I was out for my daughter. I was out for revenge.
"You are as wise are you are old, your majesty." He just shrugs and we exchange pleasantries before I take off and he waves goodbye. Well that was a strange meeting.
They would never let me out on my own but I found ways to leave the house without being noticed. Sometimes Papa and Dada would go upstairs for a few hours and play their own games so whenever they did this I always took it in my stride to leave the house and walk around for a little while. My imagination was large so I pretended I had friends of all species. Demons and angels would walk together hand In hand in my imagination, just like dada and papa do, mermaids would be able to grow legs and run about on the sand, fairies would be able to grow big and play with the children before flying off again. It was my favourite time of the day when I got to do this.
“Stupid demon.” I growl but he just keeps grinning and I can’t help but laugh back. What was I doing? I hated demon’s, I didn’t find them funny or attractive. I did with this one though, even though I still hated his guts.
"I'm I've missed you too, my king." She replies back, holding her arms up to grab onto the back of my neck and pull me down towards her, our lips clashing against each other's. The taste of her was intoxicating as my tongue rummaged through her mouth just like it had done many times before.
"Shit, Cas." I gasp, "do that again" he does it again, and again and then I start to move with him so we are now thrústing onto each other without any rhythm whatsoever. I start going a bit faster, plúnging my self intó him and bring my hand that is gripping his waist around to his cóck and start rúbbing it up and down in time with my thrústs. I feel myself swáating, my hormónes completely taking over my body and I qúicken my pace even more, still grípping his hair tightly. I feel him clénch around me and I cry out at the same time he does when I hit his prostate a few final times. We both begin to ridé out our orgásms together and I finally let go of his hair, letting it drop down to the floor as I gently púll myself óut of him.
"I've already asked Marian, she says she will go if you say yes." I say, smiling broadly and battering my eyeslashes at father.
After that, we were extremely careful about letting Valentina out on her own but she was a very stubborn child. She was always going out of sight and popping back up a minute later on the other side of the forest. Nothing me or Dean said stopped her from being the most adventurous child. Nevertheless we kept a stern eye on her at all times through the years. Everything seemed to run smoothly.
"I know that." I sigh loudly and bite my lip. "I just can't keep myself away from you Cas, I need to be near you. These past few months have been hectic and miserable without you and I don't want to carry on without you."
“Sam really likes it here.” I say, wondering out loud and I see Castiel nod from the corner of my eye. “I was wondering, when I become king…. What would you say to him coming to live here? Where his mother grew up? He’s more angel than demon anyways.”
"I have done Castiel, I've just done it now. I had no idea that he would come to get you so early in the morning."
It all sounded way too familiar with Castiel except I knew what he was all along. I frowned at my father and went to go sit down in front of him, putting a hand on his shoulder.
I waited in our small garden for her to come, holding the small, precious ruby in my hand. She did ask for a present and she was good. She deserved to be happy before i killed her. She swung into the garden and smiled brightly when she saw me standing there, dressed all in white among the red. He red cloak flowed as she stepped towards me and i couldn't help but noticed how much she had changed in only a short few months.
"POPS? DAD?" There was a shout from outside the door and Valentina came walking in. I couldn't even look up in shock but Dean quickly pulled out of me and covered out bodies with the sheets. There was silence and then i heard laughter coming from Valentina.
I had been riding for what seemed like an eternity. My back was sore and my legs were stiff from riding for so long but I had finally decided it was a good time to stop for a rest. I was absolutely shattered as I stopped by a stream to wash my hands, face and neck. I let my horse have a good drink of water and eat some grass while I myself got out a chunk of cheese and began nibbling on that. My stomach rumbled and I thought the safest way to keep my child alive was to eat more and that is exactly what I did. I was putting all my belongings away again when it happened. There was a low, inhuman growl behind me and I spun around quickly to find a huge ugly troll behind me, drooling and licking its black lips. I grabbed my sword from the horses saddle slowly and stood in a fighting stance all the while not taking my eyes off the troll. It roared loudly and I flinched back but I still stood staring at it, ready to fight if I had too, oh and I had too. Suddenly it started charging at me, its large feat digging into the ground as it sprinted towards me. I roared myself and started running towards it with my sword high in the air. We both clashed loudly, me ripping into its chainmail before it knocked me to the ground, cutting my lip open as it did so. I got back up quickly and ran under its legs while I started shredding apart its hamstrings. It started stomping around me, knocking me over a good few times.
“I know Sam, but you’re young. You don’t know what you want yet and you have multiple years to find out who you truly love. I’m just a crush, you have no idea.”
“No Cas, I don’t want to hear it. Give Leliel my love, I’ll tell Crowley that you agreed on my request.” With that I turn on my heel and begin walking away from him. I don’t know why I did that, I knew he was married and was having a child after all but I couldn’t help but be overcome with jealousy. A lump had formed in my throat as I walked back but I gulped it down before appearing beside Crowley.
“F-fuck Cas! I-I’m gonna come!” Dean panted out, sweat dripping from his forehead. It wasn’t long after that that he reached his climax, pulling Castiel’s head further towards him as if he wasn’t already deep-throating him. Castiel clutched Dean’s waist tightly to stop him from sliding down the cubicle wall as Dean came into his mouth as if he hadn’t been touched like this in… well, ten thousand years.
It all happened too quickly. I had to say something about swearing down on Lucifer that I would honour and protect my kingdom and them my father placed the crown on my bowed head. I stood in front of the thrown but before I turned around I looked down and saw the marks where Castiel had tried to shove jewels in it and smiled. I turned around to my people and the loud man shouted out again;
"GABRIEL PLEASE! NO, DON'T LEAVE ME!" My brother screamed at the golden eyed angel who had ripped off his own choker.
“We would love to have him Dean but it would be too complicated. He’d be an outcast in this area.” He says to me sadly and I sigh and look back at the blue-eyed angel.
"Sometimes i feel like i can sense her, like she is talking to me or trying to find me. I sense when she is upset and even when she is joyful. I believe that she is still alive but... how do we find her?" I speaking more to myself now, mumbling out who would want the baby. Who would want my daughter? My enemies, obviously. Crowley? I don't think so, he was too clever for that. He would know that he would be the first person i would go after... but i wouldn't put it past him.
“I have to go out.” Castiel says to me, holding a letter in his hands. I look at him sceptically from the bed and lean back on the headboard.
"God I've missed you." He grumbles out before smashing his lips back on mine. I smile triumphantly as I grip the back of his hair tightly and tug at it roughly as a sign of my persistence. His hands travel from my waist and to my ass where he takes one cheek in each hand and squeezes it tightly.
“Well, we have our own room now so I was kind of hoping we could-“ Castiel shot up and dragged me up with him by the hand. I laugh under my breath and he drags me upstairs with him and then pushes me onto the bed when we get to our bedroom before climbing on top of me. “Not so tired now, are we?” I smirk and he grumbles and shakes his head.
I stomp down the halls, pushing past slaves who bowed to me and officials who did the same just not as low. I looked all around for that small, black haired, blue eyed angel and even went down to the slaves hall to see if he was there. When I walked in the demon head gasped and took all my unwashed clothes off of me.
He starts walking backwards, dragging me with him before pushing my backwards onto the bed and straddling my hips, holding my hands above my head and he keeps his lips attached to mine, sliding his tongue around my mouth greedily but tidily. He began slowly taking of my layers of clothing and i tried to fumble with his shirt but he had his hands held firmly above my head so i couldn't move them. He took of his own clothing swiftly, only unattaching our lips to pull his tunic off over his head before slámming them back down again. However he starts to move off my lips and down my neck and chest towards my abdomen and finally the tip of my cóck. I fall ridged at his touch as his moúth wraps around it, súcking and lícking greedily as if he's missed it all this time. He lícks from the báse back up to my tiíp making me moán gently and whímper when he removes his móuth and brings it back up again.
"Actually yes, I have chosen an angel and I plan on making him mine officially." I say and he nods and walks past me towards his desk.
"Not good, she's been trying her hardest to get the warriors motivated enough to fight but without you here, everyone hasn't known if they're coming or going. No one knew what to do." He says as we enter my study and I walk over to the balcony and open up the glass doors to step out onto it.
"Here, an apple for your story." I say and she laughs and takes it from me, thanking me as she did so and biting into it firmly. She starts wandering off again, although thankfully in eyesight of us both and mine and Dean's hands clasp again. Dean starts laughing suddenly and i look at him curiously. "What?"
"You keep snorting like that and you're going to turn into a pig." I say, riasing an eyebrow at her and casting her a crooked grin while she just shrugs back at me.
"Such as getting your son ready to become King of Lawrence. Has he chosen a bride yet?" Crowley asked my father but stared at me, eyes boring into my dark soul like he could see straight through it.
Castiel walked into a side street and saw a coffee shop just up the street a bit so he decided to get something to drink, waste time a little before wanting to die all over again by seeing his daughter in some way or form. Sometimes she took the form of a teenage girl but most of the time it was the little girl of 5 or 6 years old, the little girl that Dean and him had taken away from the kingdoms and raised in the middle of a forest. The innocent little girl who did not deserve anything bad to happen to her but did anyway.
Bobby chuckled and gave a nod. "Yeah, you two where young. Maybe fourteen and eighteen I think? Although the fight wasn't really fair, because you where still a foot taller than him."
Dean rolled his eyes and slowly stood up, Sam was quick to his feet to help him out. Taking his older brothers arm and tossing it over his shoulders so he could better support him. "Dude, I don't have a broken leg."
Dean put his hands into his pockets as he walked over to the door that the angel was pointing to. Alastair is visible through a window in a door, chained to a hexacle standing in the middle of a devil's trap. Dean didn't want to admit it, but he able to see that whatever methods that they had used to get Alistair to talk... was child's play. "Fascinating" He comments before turning on his hells and walking away from the metal door.
The demon yelled as she was forced against the wall, falling to the floor. She looked up and flipped her hair back with a huff. "Dean, I'm going in like it or not, don't leave me in a bad mood!" She yelled.
Dean let out a heavy sigh. "Why do you think we could even trust her?" He asks, trying to monitor the tone and volume of his voice, and probably failing. "Did you just... happen to forget about all the times she lied to you about what was going on? How she lied that she could save me and then at the last moment decided to tell us that it was actually you who could save me? Or did that simply slip your mind?"
Sam growled and grabbed the demon harshly by the hair, yanking her head back, which caused her to let out a quick breath and a smirk. "Ruby, shut the fuck up. You're doing this to help Dean. Get that through your skull."
Dean rolled his eyes and moved past Sam, going out into the hallway while rubbing his chin and eyes. He looked even more like shit with all that dirt gone. He probably looked like that zombie they ganked awhile ago with pale skin and dark circles under his eyes. "Mind explaining what the fuck that means? Bobby said the same thing, I could use some context clues." He states while going down the stairs.
The Winchester brother gave a sort of scoff, mixed with a chuckle. Yeah, he knew not to trust demons. He still didn't trust Ruby, but right now he didn't have a choice. "I know, but she's got the gal so I have to go along with this."
"I'm not sure! I came back from a supply run and he said he spoke with Castiel. Next thing I know we are walking here and he could barely stand and then he just collapsed!"
The angel glared slightly and shook his head slightly. "God has a plan and it is just. Even if you can't see it, doesn't mean he does not care about you."
The hunter looked down at the ground in thought, "What if Cas detects you? Dean says they talk pretty regularly."
Dean fell quiet from that comment, having to look away back down the empty hallway. A lump formed in his throat that he was forced to swallow. He let out a shaky breath as he felt the entities eyes staring at him as if awaiting an answer that Dean would not give. "Why-" he swallows. "-why are you here?" He asked, looking back at the man before him- his eyes being the only source of light in this entire hallway and house.
Dean rose a brow at the comment, he looked the angel over. His expression had changed, his body posture slouched and leaning off of the bed as if the next thing that the hunter was going to say was to become gospel. "Uh- that there are 66 of them, and once they are all broken there will be hell on earth and Satan will make this his go-lucky playground."
"No Sammy, I didn't really have a mistress. I can just tell everyone I had a mistress and she got pregnant but didn't want the child so she left it with the slaves downstairs. I can get Amelia to say she found her when she was doing her morning rounds." Sam nods slightly and smiles.
“Oh definitely not. I feel quite privileged to have a man have to practice first before actually making a move.” She winked at me and I shake my head at her confidence.
“Thank you Albert.” Father nodded and Albert quickly bowed out of the room. “I have to go now son, but keep an open mind to the women of the court, they are not all that bad.”
“No, you can’t keep it because your advisors and your men will all expect you to march on us. Especially since now you know where we are.” He says to me seriously and I scowl slightly before looking back at my stroppy looking brother and the jester who was speaking to him softly.
"I'm sorry Leliel. So very sorry. I had to go though; I needed to find out what the king of Lawrence was up too."
"I'm sorry Dean, I wanted to but she was only doing her job." He says, avoiding my gaze slightly. I smile at him and lift his chin up to et him to look back at me.
“Hello.” I say to them both casually, walking up to the thrones. Dean looked at me and his back stiffened, his eyes going dark and his face going pale. Anael looked at me with her eyebrows raised and I looked back at her expectantly, telling her by my face alone that I wished to council with her.
“Oh yes, you have her beauty and her spirit.” He tells her and I smile at them both before finally breathing out a breath of relief I didn’t know I was holding. I could finally relax, we had absolutely nothing to worry about here, we were happy and safe and we had everything we needed. Either me or Cas could hunt for food while the other one cooked and we would all chip in with the cleaning and the getting firewood. We would be absolutely fine here.
"Rude." We then fall into silence, standing there and sipping our drinks slowly before my study door creeped open and Leliel walked in. I smiled at her and straightned up, beckoning her in.
I walk outside and into the beautiful garden that was now ours. A number of different kind of flowers filled my nostrils and the colour of them all filled my sight. It was fantastically beautiful and i felt at peace. I walk further into the garden which is now covered with trees and place the palm of my hand on the bark of a tree, feeling the life that was coming from it. I snatched my hand away and hid behind the tree when i heard a soft humming sound coming from further into the forest and peered my head around it to see who was coming. I could see no one but the soft humming tune was getting louder and louder by the second.
Now it was Bobby's turn to speak, who cocked his gun as he began to speak. This was the first time he had met the angels, but the brothers have told him enough that he knew they were pretty much dick's with wings. "Oh, boo hoo. We got our own things to deal with. Lilith for example."
Dean looked back at the mirror and glared at himself. He knew he lost weight, it was so obvious. He just didn't want to see it. He shook his head at the mirror, only feeling himself get more angry.
Dean felt bad though. His first thought was to drive him up to Bobby's and have him detox in the panic room bunker, but Bobby was out with Rufus and he didn't want to set off any alarms that the paranoid bastard might have. So he decided that Sam would just have to detox on his own, in front of Dean which was painful. He would have hallucinations and screaming at different hours. At first it was fine, but now it was painful. In particular where Sam was sweating bullets.
"I don't know. I just, uh, I just woke up in a pine box..." He gave a slight shoulder shrug, before giving a flinch as Bobby suddenly splashed water up into his face. "I'm not a demon either, you know."
Dean chuckles and sat down at the table, god he was starving. "Yeah, I know. I should look like a cast member from the thriller video." Another shoulder shrug. "All of my scars are gone, I don't even have my anti-possession tat anymore. But-" He rolled up his other sleeve now, showing the red burnt marks on his wrists, Bobby let out a small
He then gave a small smile, and kissed the smaller woman gently. "Thank you. But, I don't know how to find out what is up with him. We've been searching for months and the only one who has an idea on what it is- is Cas. He's not speaking."
Dean just shakes his head and walked across the room over to the wall, keeping his gaze away from the two as he looked down the hall. Dead end. Fan-friggin-tastic. He turned his head to look the other direction. Same results. "You've got to be kidding me."
Okay, looks like talking isn't going to work. He took a deep breath and kept his hands in front of him to dodge attacks. "It's just to wake you up, then she'll leave."
The younger brother looked to the oldest, he had a soft look about him, as if he was worried to ask whatever the next question was going to be. "You keep saying John, instead of dad." Dean's eyes widen slightly as he looked away from his brother, he hadn't even noticed he had been saying that. Fuck, how many times had he been saying that? Goddamn it, this is not okay. He ran a hand through his hair in thought, how long has he just been saying John?"
Dean spat at the decrepit demon, his own blood mixing with the demons wounds. It was something that Dean found odd while being in hell. Every demon had a distinct look, like their own face. However, it was torn and bruised and bloody. They could heal easily, so why do they insist on looking so disgusting. No wonder they could steal vessels, who would want an ugly slut like them waltzing around? "Shove it up your ass, Alistair. I ain't doing nothing." He glared.
He turns on his heals and walks back over to the table, setting down the salt and tools as he picked up another blade, Ruby's blade. He washed it in holy water as he heard the demon behind him speak, but he wasn't paying too much attention at the moment. "I'm so happy it was your father." Came the broken yet resilient voice behind him. "You two brought it all on, and it was glorious to report."
Based on what Dean could tell at the moment, he can't heal like he has been while conscious. Also, it seems that he was stuck in this state just like last time. Hopefully he can wake up before this whole dying thing comes to pass.
Ruby handed him the bowl. "Light this on fire, and say the words that I wrote down. Once the angel gets here, light the oil up. I'm going to get as far away as possible so he doesn't smite me and asks questions later."
They both look down on the floor where the flask was now broken into many pieces with a black like liquid seeping out from it. They then both looked back up at each other, both pissed for different reasons. "What the hell man!?" Dean yelled.
During the time that the brothers were eating, a nice towel woman had come into the room - however it wasn't a towel woman nor house keeping. It was Ruby. She came and told them to come quick and go to a certain cabin in the woods that was a long ways out. The demon came out with a little skit to be let in and let the boys know who she was, however, Dean knew right away who she was. Guess the whore forgot that he could see Demon's faces for some reason. He still needed to ask Cass about that, but he didn't get time to do so.
He glared. "Lucifer? The apocalypse? What does that mean?" Dean questioned. He was so scared and lost, he just needed some sort of direction on where to go with this. His eyes begged, and when he saw the angel look around he only yelled louder. "Hey! Don't you go disappearing on me, you son of a bitch. What does that mean!?"
what happened to Dean in hell, he refuses to talk about it. Every since he's been back he's been more vocal about his feelings and emotions, even though he hates it after he does, but hell is the one thing he has kept to himself." He sighed and looked to the side, rubbing the back of his neck as he felt his skin tingling slightly but he shakes it off. "The angels said he's tortured people, became Alistair's student. Dean claims he only tortured one person. But... that doesn't sound like the Dean I know. He is so much more forgiving, merciful, delicate. I mean, he can't do it. He can't get the job done. Something happened to him downstairs, Ruby. He's not what he used to be. He's not strong enough for this."
Bobby rose a brow and looked at his adoptive son and the demon. This had bad news written all over it, and right about now he was trust Dean's intuition that something is going on with Sam but he wasn't going to say anything about it. "Alright, I guess I'll... go do that then." He mumbled, giving a look over to Ruby before walking outside of the living room and going to his hunting supplies for any gear that they may need.
The angel did not respond how Dean would have liked. "There is a great plan out there, Dean. You must understand that. When the time comes, you will know what to do."
Dean looked back over at his brother and nodded, "Okay. While we're here though, you should get your neck checked. You keep rubbing it." He said before carefully getting off of the bed and ripping out the IV that was placed in his arm. He also took out the weird tube thing that was in his nose, because it was itching and he didn't need it. A quick glance around gave away to the fact that his clothes where in a folded pile on a counter, so Dean grabbed them and headed into the bathroom to change.
He rose a brow. "No it isn't. I don't know how hard you think I must've hit my head, maybe hard enough that you'd think I'd forget how to read, but that is English." He huffed. "You now what, I'm calling Cas."
Finally, after finding at a gas station that was not abandoned this time- he hot wired a car that was good looking enough, but nothing like his baby. He wondered if Sam kept her nice and tuned up while he had her. Another thing he found out, was that he had been gone for well almost a year, 8 months. Imagine that sort of shock. He also found out what day it was. It was his birthday... January 24th. What an odd present, heh... The idea that Dean came back on his birthday made his shoulders tense. May 15th was when he died, it was so long ago. He could only imagine what could have happened in that time. Also to be raised now? It felt like some sort of crude joke that a demon was pulling.
Dean looked to the man, rather unimpressed with how the other was singing. He lifts a corner of the clothed table and grabbed a flask, marked with a holy cross and uncapped the holder. He smirks as he threw the holy water against the demon. Alistair let out a small hiss as the sound of his sizzling skin filled the room. "Are you done?" He asked.
He looked down at his body, and bites his bottom lip. Dean took a breath before carefully touching his bodies wrist, feeling the burns and scars that was left their by his angel. He didn't know why that burn was left, what caused it, and why it was still there when his body kept healing.
Behind him stood that damn Castiel directly behind him like an angel on his shoulder, which Dean did NOT enjoy. "Don't do that." He huffed before looking back up at the mirror, using it too look at the man indirectly.
Next he felt his brothers arms tighten around his legs and shoulders as he was picked up from the ground. Good thing Sam was strong. Dean laid his head against his brothers chest as he looked up at him. This felt too familiar, being in his brothers arms, limp, unable to move. That time, they knew the reason. This time? Dean didn't know. Nor did Sam.
Dean sighed- thinking, his body pressed against the wall as he shook his head. He really wish they could just avoid this conversation all together. That's when he got the idea. "Hey, I'm going to take a shower and get all of this gunk off, hopefully my cuts won't reopen. Go to the gas station and get us something to eat." He said as he went over and grabbed some clothes from a dresser drawer.
Sam paused for a long moment. "You can't be serious. My brother has pulled out of everything that has ever hurt him or us. He had a heart attack that doctors gave him a month at the most, and here he is four years later still kicking." He huffed.
By the time he finally reached Bobby's home, he had been alive for about twelve hours and was exhausted. Dean never slept for more than four hours anyway, but the emotional toll on the day and the energy that he had burnt up today was making his engine run just a bit more intense. He needed a nap. It's kinda funny that he was dead for eight months and still wasn't rested enough. Thankfully it was morning, so he knew Bobby would at least be awake by now.
Sam grabbed his brother's shoulder, the one that wasn't dislocated thankfully. "'Cause if I know the truth, I can help you. You've always been there to help me, let me return the favor." The tone that he used, it stabbed Dean right in the chest. He could hear the sincerity yet the harsh mix of concern and plead that was forced through in that single sentence.
This exhaustion reminded himself of when they visited that Physic Pamela a few weeks back. After he eyes turned into that glowing blue that everyone else saw, it was around this time- an hour or so later- when he felt so exhausted he had to physically be held up against the chair that he was in until he could eat or pass out.
"My grace is the only thing keeping him alive." Castiel said rather harshly, his tone spiking in either annoyance or irritation. "When the time is right, I will teach him on how to use it properly."
Then there was silence, and Dean's eyes widened. He felt the hair on the back of his neck rise and he gulped slightly. This wasn't going to be good. Dean grabbed the nearest knife there was and headed back to the living room. Slowly and even steps. Once he finally made it back he huffed slightly. Of course, of fucking course.
Dean scoffs and shook his head, "Yes, he has! Remember Azazel? Remember when he literally helped us close the gates of hell where John appeared and I shot killed the demon? Bobby was there and handled everything fine."
." Dean closed his eyes, trying his best to not react. "Believe me, son, I wouldn't lie about this. It's kind of a religious sort of thing with me."
"We also can't ignore that the planet is going to die if Lilith manages to break all those seals and Lucifer is set free. Last I spoke to Cas he said that there were thirty seals broken, at this rate she is going to have them all open in three months at the max."
So there was no need to worry, everything was hunky Dory and he would just have to wrap it up with the first aid kit when Sam got back. Buuuuut....
He came back over while trying to maintain balance, his gun was cocked and ready while Sam pulled out a knife. Dean couldn't help but roll his eyes. "Sure would be the right time to have the magic knife." He commented.
He wanted to help Sam walk through it, so they had driven to find a new case where an old man was killed in his own home by being torn apart like some wild animal had broken in, even though the doors where all locked. Dean thought that maybe getting his mind off of it would help. So while investigating, they suspected a ghost but hadn't visit the haunted sight quite yet.
Bobby looked over his shoulder at Dean, how gave a slight glare. He turned his direction back to Sam. "If he is, he's letting Dean hold the reigns for now."
Castiel thinks for a moment. "Subconscious is different then unconscious. For him to use grace in this way, he would need to have some cognitive function from his soul. His soul is before us, so he cannot use it." Castiel looked over at where Sam thought Dean was standing. "His grace being bounded with his soul. It's rather interesting to behold amongst other spirits."
"God is a busy man, he cannot be bothered with millions of prayers per day." The angel tried to explain to the hunter.
Dean's eyes widen, looking over at Pamela who still had her eyes closed, but the other men in the basement did not. "Castiel?" He asks.
"He can't do it." Sam says hoping that was enough for the other to believe him and that he would not need to elaborate further.
The only thing he could think of was that it might had something to do with Castiel. Castiel's eyes did glow blue as well when they where in his dream. But that was different. Dean could see the pupils in Castiel's eyes, could see the freckles of light in the iris. The glow wasn't that bright, it was just subtle enough for one to see.
Castiel spoke this time, seeming more timid than before. "Dean, we know that this is difficult to understand."
"Damnit Sammy!" All color left the older Winchester's face, he let out a small scoff as he hung his head. Of course she did, of fucking course. Can he catch a break already? Almost been alive for a day and it's like nothing changed from when he left. Dean didn't look up before turning on his heels and walking into the kitchen. He heard muffled footsteps behind him, knowing that they belonged to Sam, but for now he didn't care. He needed a goddamn drink.
Sam shakes his head slightly but relents, putting the flask away and his hand out. Dean made a disgruntled huff before turning to look at the direction of the door, his gun cocked and ready.
Sam sighed, "Look- this girl his highly intuitive. Knows everything. Also if it bugs you so much, we can go talk to a physic? Bobby has a friend named Pamela who knows all sorts of spells to help out with this. We'll see what pulled you out if you don't believe me.
Dean listened as shuffling was behind him. Of course he knew it was Ruby trying to sneak away, and she could escape all that she wanted. Thank whatever god is out there for that miracle. "Don't worry. I'll kill her gently."
He closed his eyes, rubbing a hand down his face as he thought about this situation. He wasn't ready to die yet. He wasn't ready to die a year ago, and he's not ready to die now. He reopened his eyes and flinched for a second, "Goddamn it." He swore as he looked up.
"You think we are going to trick you? Because you're an angel? Listen, the only angels we have met have been slaves and they all seem pretty down to earth unlike the ones you hear about from the king and the war. You can trust us... Sort of."
"This might sting a bit." I said honestly but he didn't looked like he cared as his eyes were now shut tightly and his fingers were holding firmly onto the bed sheets. I shrugged and finally slipped a finger into him which was easy enough because it was only one finger. He gasped and stiffened up slightly but I told him to relax as I started sliding said finger in and out of him, opening up his whole little by little. I curved it slightly and he moaned as it rubbed against his walls so I thought that now was a good time to add a second finger. I did this one a bit gently as I was basically ripping his hole open for my own untouched erection to go in and he gritted his teeth in slight pain. I ignored his whimpers and carried on sliding the second finger in along with the first and when it was all the way in I started to scissor my fingers slightly to open his hole. He gasped and shivered but his whimpering were subsiding as he was getting used to the uncomfortable feeling and starting to enjoy himself. I twisted my fingers around him and then started sliding them in an out of him a bit harder then I intended to which causes him to yelp and cry out but I had suddenly managed to brush against his prostate which caused all noises of complaint and pain to cease altogether.
