“Nonsense - I'm sure there are many other names which are suitable - we'll just have to start narrowing them down to a reasonable number - after all, we do have two to choose,” replied Sherlock, grinning.
John replied, “Of course, I don't - I am not even pretending that I am a Catholic any more, really. There is no reason for a third name unless we find one we absolutely love.”
Everything was set up as for a regular delivery - sterile equipment and a cot with a warming unit above it to give the health-care team easy access whilst keeping the baby warm. The cameras were on, but Mycroft advised the couple to take some of their own snapshots to share with the family and their friends. They were all shown where to stand for the best viewing and staying out of the way of the medical team. There were also three stools there to sit on, if they wanted, or if anyone got light-headed. John was rather glad of this, as he didn't know how Sherlock would react - he was already so tightly wound.
Molly's friend from Barts, Meena, sent along some first books on the human body, with a soft stuffed skeleton - which Sherlock may or may not have nearly confiscated for his own.... as well as a set of stuffed “germs” like the 'flu virus, the Epstein-Barr virus, Strep and Staph microbes, as well as the “hero”, a white blood cell. These were a big hit with both of the boys - and one could only hope Sheri would enjoy them half as much! These were accompanied by a mesh bag which could be hung in a corner of the room, and keep many stuffed toys contained. She had a veritable zoo started there, since many of their friends just
Sherlock set the baby carrier down and removed his Belstaff. He then lifted Sheri out of her carrier, got her out of the heavier blanket, and placed her in a lightweight blanket, swaddling her expertly. He handed her to Mummy with a twinkle in his eye. She was obviously over the moon to hold her grand-daughter at long last. Mummy sat on the couch, with Father taking the seat beside her. They both spoke directly to the baby, and after a few minutes, Father took her. John and Sherlock were sat in facing armchairs just across from the couch.
“These look just perfect, Anthea - thank you for taking care of this for us! I was doing some reading the other night and thought these might come in handy. Now, let's see here...”
“I'd really like to get her something, just to make a start... please, John?” He almost jumped out of the cab before it came to a stop. John paid the driver and followed his husband into the shop.
John looked over at Sherlock, saying, “Fancy watching some crap telly, then? I've a show or two to catch up on - you can lie on the sofa while I sit at one end -? ” He smiled, knowing his partner would love to be able to use the time to “go into his mind palace”- a euphemism he sometimes used for taking a nap, and probably just about now, to judge by his trying to suppress a yawn – well, he
“What? Don't tell me you have never seen a baby before - even you, Anderson. John is at work and the people I usually have watch her are not at home, so here we are. Any questions? No? Then I shall recommence working if you don't mind, thank-you
baby, and he couldn't wait. He didn't even try to get Sherlock to rest, that was clearly not going to happen today.
Greg and Molly showed up one afternoon and brought them a gift- it was a beautiful new pushchair/car seat combination, which would convert to a simple pushchair after the baby could sit up. It had a large area under the seat where they could store extra baby things, and – and this amused Sherlock and John no end - a cup holder on the handle. It was perfect for taking long walks in Regent's Park nearby, and they envisioned lots of happy times there, showing the sights and ducks to their little one. They immediately emailed Anthea so she could cross those items off her list. John suggested keeping the base in the entrance corridor of 221B, and Mrs. Hudson agreed.
When the couple arrived back in Baker Street, they decided they would arrange a visit to Sherlock's parents, who had purchased a flat in Kensington earlier that year, whilst keeping their home in Gloucestershire. Violet and Siger were very pleased to hear from them, and excited to see the pictures. Violet told them that they could come tomorrow - she would be fixing her roast chicken with all the trimmings - a meal that they both looked forward to eating. Sherlock asked if she would be making his favourite for pudding - banoffee pie - and grinned when he received her answer in the affirmative.
When they had finished their mains, John took a moment to gather his thoughts, and then said, “Sherlock and I have an announcement to make. We've decided to try for a baby. I've always wanted children, and since Sherlock has been around your Emily, he has found how much he would love to be a father, as well. So, we are currently searching for the right woman to be a surrogate for us, with Mycroft's help. We'll keep you informed as things progress, and hopefully it won't be too long until we have our own little one.”
"Just how long have you known about this, clever clogs? I know you well enough to be certain you hashed it out in your own giant brain a few million times before you ever broached the subject with me." John said, his hand threading its way through wayward curls.
A hundred other random thoughts went past as he started falling asleep, as he thought about what their child might look like. He hoped it – they? - would have John's eyes and hair - heaven knows he wouldn't want a child to take after himself, with lanky limbs and sharp angles all over the place. Of course, it might be a boy, but one with John's looks, and blond hair. He could see that small, sturdy boy very well, and smiled to himself. A number of different faces went past in his mind, the last being a little girl with blonde curly hair (he did admit he liked his curls) and John's cornflower- blue eyes sitting on the rug in the sitting room, playing with - the skull! That thought put a smile on his face that lasted until he was well asleep.
“That sounds great for breakfast, sweetheart. What do you think? I'd be just as happy to let it happen, and be surprised. I don't think we really had a strong leaning toward one or the other, did we? I know you get on very well with Emily, and of course, a boy would also be fine,” John answered seriously, looking straight at Sherlock, trying to discern if he had any strong feelings about the matter.
Meanwhile, they had begun considering names - which soon became a nightmare of sorts. John should have known that Sherlock would love the most ridiculous names, some of which he had never heard - but they were getting nowhere fast. At this rate, the baby would be about three years old before she got a name at all. They agreed to each make a list of names they particularly liked over the next two weeks and then they would sit down and go over them - maybe they could get at least one name decided this way. John didn't have much faith in this method, but he was willing to try anything at this point. They each sat at their side of the desk and searched websites, occasionally stopping to place a name into a new folder on their laptops. They tried to make a game of it, and to defuse any tension – Sherlock certainly would not pick a name John loathed, after all - so perhaps they
“Yes - well, yes. I've been thinking that there are those other two embryos up at Baskerville, just sitting there...”
While they had plenty of time, John finally persuaded Sherlock to get file cabinets to keep his case notes and other important papers. He helped his spouse to file away years of notes, and they were both amazed at the difference it made in the flat, when they were all put away properly. The files were secured by a lock and key which was kept on the mantel inside the skull, for now. They purchased an old-fashioned partners' desk, with room for them both to work, and which took up less space than the two they had been using. Sherlock even kept his side of it in a (mostly) neat manner - stating he might as well get used to new habits now. John couldn't agree more.
— Пойдемте, пойдемте, — засуетился Гюс, направляя своих гостей на мощеную тропинку. Только отойдя на пару метров от веранды, Шерлок украдкой обернулся, но тут же покраснел и уставился в землю.
- Snezhana was called. Says, a practical training at a driving school was canceled, went shopping. And what have you?
Парни сели и уставились на лейтенанта. Тот разложил на столе много голографий и пригласил своих детективов их посмотреть. Те стали смотреть. Спустя пятнадцать минут, лейтенант осторожно спросил:
- Personally, I'll go, — said the Lieutenant, -  now get out of here, and I can clearly see that Mick is asleep.
— Пострадавших нет, потому что всех эвакуировали вовремя. В центе взрыва был зафиксирован неизвестный источник, но он катализатором взрыва не являлся. Позже оказалось, что некто детектив Меллоун спас единственного не убежавшего посетителя.
"Deep-sea crab" was located in a two story house for a couple of dozen meters from the Marina. In the basement - the actual bar, and the top of the dwelling. First floor – the hostel-type, and the second lived the owner. The name of this guy only knew Mick and ex-partner Jack Scott, and for everyone else – Captain Harlock. Was available for all the main attributes – the scar on his face and the apparent absence of eyes. Eye once was, and the scar was obtained in a knife fight. In addition to his bar worked a three – two sprightly girls and eternally gloomy type that match the name Yamma.
-Well, you're a brave man,- Mick smiled Berta, print reading, slipped on the signature, -check it out and subscribe.
— Маргарет. Два скелета принадлежат молодым людям в возрасте от пятнадцати до восемнадцати. Освежеваны керамическим ножом с очень тонким лезвием, наподобие тех, что используется для разделки рыбы фугу. А мясо — шесть образцов из тех, что мы отдали, принадлежат мелкому и крупному скоту. Курятина, утятина, говядина, баранина, свинина и собачатина. А четыре образца — они пока затрудняются ответить.
— Черт подери этого Мика! Если так дальше так пойдет, мне еще придется ночевать в одной комнате с ним, чтоб следить. Совершенно с ума сошел.
— Ничего, сам куплю, — ответил Барт, изучая принесенные блюда. Изучив и признав блюда годными, Барт радостно улыбнулся:
— Старый маразматик, — пренебрежительно отозвалась Джо, — ставлю доллар, что он даже не намекнул, что это за угроза.
— Знаешь, — доверчиво сказала Снежана, откусывая кусочек тыквенного пирога, заботливо выставленный Джо на стол, — я не могу понять одной вещи. Медальон закладывался в ломбардах много раз и никогда не выкупался. А все данные по владельцам — не просто секретные материалы, а сверхсекретные. Спасибо Фоксу и Дане. Они мне помогли достать копии всех этих документов.
— Я выйду и отпинаю, — Мик чертыхнулся, сполз с кровати, натянул джинсы, накинул майку и вышел из дому, — ты где, паразит несчастный?
Mick opened his eyes and saw nothing, but heard. Spoke near two. Mick tried to learn Chinese, but he somehow was not given. Of all Mick knew the Chinese words for eight.
— Да. Несколько мужчин. Высокие блондины в жемчужно-серых костюмах. Они не подходили ко мне, но следовали за мной.
Daisuke chuckled and muffled, inviting his companion to follow him, walked over to Mick`s.  They sat face to the bar. Daisuke held out his hand to the kettle. Mick nodded and pulled out two more cups. After a pause Mick asked again:
— Я… благодарю вас, мистер Того, за спасение моей шкуры и… в знак благодарности, могу дать вам возможность… не арестовывать вас пределах штата Калифорния.
— In fact, I would even to you did not come, this man brought us, — Mick nodded lying on the floor, the owner of the restaurant.
— Да? — отозвался Роджер, появляясь рядом. У него было хорошее настроение, поэтому он был одет в цивильный костюм, и его морковно-рыжая шевелюра подверглась атаке расчески и фена.
Поев, ребята двинулись дальше. Первая остановка была в Пасадене. Эппл-стрит, 14 б. Маленький такой магазинчик, располагавшийся в узком переулке, который одним концом упирался в Барак Обама — авеню, а вторым — в Хилари Клинтон — авеню. С обеих сторон этого переулка теснились десятиэтажные дома, с которых переулок весь просматривался. Мик припарковался на Барак Обама — авеню, и на Эппл — стрит они прошли пешком. Улочка была очень узенькая. В ломбард вела неприметная дверь, которая скрывала скрипучую винтовую лестницу.
— …и кормить, — в серо-голубых глазах Мика зажглись зеленые искры, — я не против. Сколько кухонь есть на свете?
Sauna. Bath. Sauna. Bath. Pool. And again a few times and in a circle. Then light the rest and Kingdom foam Turkish bath Hammam. Max relaxed and just have fun, but the work he still thought.
— Пусть только попробуют, — Дайсуке забинтовал запястье неудавшегося самоубийцы и отвел в спальню, — лег и уснул.
— Да вот прочитал я на сайте, что заказал тебя кто-то. Ну, думаю, Мик — мой приятель, и не бывать тому, чтобы я, Ре Саеба, не остановил каких-то негодяев! Я всем сообщил и все согласились…
Через полчаса он вышел, подошел к своему столу, прибрал на нем и исчез из участка, не сказав никому ни слова.
Мик набрал номер Дайсуке и отправил сообщением на номер Рё, а потом ошарашенный и немного успокоенный поехал на работу…
Появилась типично баварская горничная. Она была настолько типичной, что Джо сразу же определила, что девушка является высокотехнологичным андроидом.
Outside the rain poured and the wind blew. He was raised by raindrops and carried them to the nearest wall or machine. Smashed and carried the next batch. Because of this, in two steps, nothing was to be seen. Pedestrians were few cars, too. The flyer in this weather did not fly, although the force field generated by them can withstand any rain and wind.
- Unprovable proof. This planet is very old indeed, and something or someone lived here, it's possible something left. The article is interesting, but it doesn't help... from time to time.
That turned that half of Saturday and all of Sunday, the companions spent in the open ocean and, consequently, nothing was heard or seen.
Со стороны Хилари Клинтон — авеню стоял дом. Он давно уже пустовал. У властей не доходили руки, а местные пили там алкоголь, курили травку и занимались всяким непотребством. На десятом этаже, в большой заброшенной квартире на ободранном продавленном кожаном диване сидел Дайсуке и внимательно разглядывал в военный бинокль Эппл — стрит. Дайсуке отслеживал сигнал браслета и всегда знал, где его приятель будет в следующую минуту.
Снежана подняла голову и осмотрелась. Её преследователи стояли в конце аллеи и усилено притворялись шлангами.
— Хорошо, дедушка, — Снежана кивнула, — а что вы скажите про эту вещь? — она сняла рюкзак и вытащила медальон.
Mick came home, parked the car and went up to her room. All night he walked up and down, and went to bed at like nine o'clock in the evening. Was awakened by the wind howling over the half-open window. Mick got up and went out to the veranda. Staring at the ocean. From where he stood, the ocean was visible very well. Mick straightened up and felt him grow wings. Opened them up, and took off. Straight to heaven, and then right, touching the tip of the wing the surface of the water. Over the ocean he turned around to face his house. The road on the cliff was a car. A little like that. Mini Cooper red color. And slept in it... Daisuke. Mick knew it. Smiled and corkscrew went up, broke through the clouds and began to float up there. The frosty air was pleasantly cold against the skin and fanned hair...
— Ну, что тогда мы будем делать? — спросил Макс. Разговор происходил в участке под немолчную стрекотню телефонов и гул голосов
— Тогда я с тобой, — решил Макс, — негоже оставлять тебя на произвол судьбы. Только если китайцев не застанем, запаркуйся рядом с парковкой или круглосуточным баром.
— Я знаю, что не собираешься, но они собираются нас использовать, а я обязана это дело прекратить, — ответила Джо.
— The fact that I'm friends with those whom you choose. And I will NOT TOLERATE jealousy from friends. I don'T WANT to have friends, NOT allowing me to meet new people. Okay?
- That's rich, Mick, -  Max  Mick`s slipped his nose under the stack of printouts, - or thirty people. All from fifteen to twenty, all gone in the evening. Nobody saw nothing and heard nothing. Different schools, different colleges. Hey, you're not listening to me?
— А тут я иду вся такая гламурная по улице и тут бац…. на полной скорости вылетает Кадиллак и бац — врезается в Лиз Матуски. Она впереди шла. На ней лазоревые брючки в обтяжку были и розовая куртка в стразах…. И она такая летит от удара и на капот форда — бабах. А потом форд дал задний ход и она опять на дорогу — бац и на неё опять этот Кадиллак. А она подниматься только стала. И он её бампером, а с сзади грузовик ехал, и он её по этому грузовику и размазал… — торопливо говорила по мобильнику какая-то расфуфыренная киса, — а потом оттуда люди с пушками выскочили с таким длинными и стрелять принялись, а я спряталась за стеной. А потом смотрю, мужик падает и у него из головы кровь хлещет, а потом Кадиллак и взорвался, а я это все на мобильник сняла и в Инстаграм выложила.
Mick looked in the mirror at his sleepy face, sighed, and began to brush his teeth. Then he shaved he apaloosa and wandered into the kitchen. The kitchen was on the first floor, and they slept on the second. In the fridge were a lot of things. Food supplies remained all the way from the wedding, and the wedding took place at Christmas, 25 December.
— And you lot in the room sat? — asked Carl, -  no? So, we carried all nonsense and we were sorry that Roger no, but then the kids told us that they lived very badly and the mother doesn't remember. We got a warrant and came to the house. Children's room. — Carl sighed,  - they're not Spartan, they're naked. Beds bolted to the floor, no toys, n single wardrobe, clothes — no. All three terribly overwritten book. Constipation on the outside. And this is the second floor of the left wing and the right — rich atmosphere, exceptional luxury, simple kitchen, on the refrigerator — lock in the fridge — a lot of delicacies. In the trash a lot of my morning meals. Whole, only half-eaten. Checked it out. And here the miracle has two Windows, room no. In children's rooms — the frame is old, the Windows are dirty, daddy — Euro window, and the window disappeared the room with dust. Have protocal brick by brick — found... — Carl fell silent and went to get coffee and tea.
- I do not know. She fine drives any vehicle, shoots great, amazing owns ALL melee weapons. Has a 10 Dan in Aikido and brown belt in karate.
— Как чем? Будем искать этого неуловимого торговца оружием, — ответила Джо, — первым делом, поедем в полицию и адресный стол. Затем, начнем искать его самого.
- No. Nothing. There, -  Mick showed the thumb of the left hand somewhere over his left shoulder, - lying dead.
— Clearly, you don't trust him. Well, well. Now we will go to the coast, sit on the rocks, and you're all clearly tell.
— Ладно, поверю тебе на слово, — Макс вытянулся на сидении и захрапел. Мик шепотом дал указания джипу и тоже вскоре засопел.
Их комната была очень большой, восемь стрельчатых евро окон давали возможность насладиться дивным видом лесных массивов и тонкой полоской далекого озера. В ней были все удобства, шикарная кровать с балдахином, шелковое постельное белье, шкура медведя на полу, кабанья голова на стене. Несколько гобеленов старинной работы, изображающих сцены из немецкого эпоса, сверхтонкий визор и небольшая веранда, сплошь увитая золотисто-белым вьюнком и зеленым плющом.
The Raining street still on. On the track in front of the house bubbling puddles on the lawn rushed a stream of water, he come to the edge of the natural terraces and noise was cast down. Mick thoughtfully held his eyes. Damage from this thread is, after driving all over the area, water gets into the lagoon. Mick came back into the room. Snezhana rolled over on his stomach, pulled on his blanket. Mick took the clothes, the weapons, and the phone and went back downstairs. Take the Mustang today was not worth it, he has a low rise, and wash the car after the race through the puddles - not a pleasant prospect. So Mick opted for the jeep. Got dressed, loaded their guns, took the spare clips, a box of food and went out to the garage. The door led straight from the closet.
— Because you hurt Mick`s. It's not  fault that everything is simple at first glance, things turn mystical. If you don't want to work with him, tell the Lieutenant, and he you somewhere translate.
— The Radiant Galaxy!  - Gala have pulled out of the air galactic boomerang and launched it in the bottom of the post. Then also got wings and joined her friend. Mick looked at it, chuckled and released the wings. The only thing that distinguished from the rest so that this procedure it was accompanied by pain. But as soon as the wings have apolocalypse in the air, Mick took off and with one blow smashed the entire building to hell. In the remaining funnel he poured water and put the shore trees. Joe brought the entire pond, and, considering the mission accomplished, flew along with Gala`s. And Mick planned on the ground and went to his partner.
The Chinese are not caught. The factory — padlock on the cops home was not the castle, but the doors were locked.
— Естественно, мой бизнес не дешевка какая - то, а все разумно и достоверно. Нужен вам, к примеру, Титаник…. Платите стоимость, я отправляюсь в то время, заказываю копию Титаника, оплачиваю, переправляю в это время. Все счастливы. Ну вот, вам, — он обратился к Джо, — вдруг захотелось иметь саблезубого тигра. Прекрасно. Я отправляюсь туда, ловлю вам этого тигра и отдаю вам за соответствующую плату.
-Well, I don't believe it. Sonata also said that he lies all. Of course, after we door behind him closed. Well, the type of this was to show us the finished product - everything is pretty well packed. But I did not dare to try. He left us with business cards, said that if we changed our mind, you can call.
— А это что такое? — лейтенант разложил на столе голографии, на которых был запечатлён Джок, играющий в карты, пьющий в дорогом ресторане и т.д.
За ночь опять с океана нагнало туч, и утро седьмого января было холодным и мокрым. Но Мик спал. Использование сил — вещь хорошая, только потом либо надо много спать, либо много есть. Мик отсыпался и пробудился только в одиннадцать.
— Потому. Я пока не могу тебе сказать. Это очень плохая информация. Для нас всех, — Дайсуке потер лоб, — мне надо ТОЧНО выяснить ВСЕ, а потом я все вам скажу.
— Вы уже там? Ты и Ре еще здесь? Вместе с Максом? Нет проблем. Увидимся, — Мик закрыл мобильник и посмотрел на Макса, — не против небольшой прогулки?
— Я понятия не имею, почему ты перестал есть и почему собираешься уморить себя голодом, но я тебе клянусь, что ты не умрешь. Сейчас я приготовлю тебе бульон. Накормлю тебя и буду сидеть рядом, пока ты не придешь в норму.
Лу ушел к себе. Мик пил чай и бросал взгляды на лестницу. Через полчаса раздались шаги. Одни принадлежали Дайсуке, вторые… Вторые — незнакомые, очень уверенные.
— Да, — Зибельрштейн горько усмехнулся. Он вел машину, но чесал языком со скоростью египетского таксиста, — вы абсолютно правы. Вы даже не представляете, сколько мне пришлось пройти, кого подкупить, кого нанять, чтобы доставить все документы и собрать их воедино, но у меня есть теперь все…
— Worse, after he was embalmed, he still abused them, and then put them in this room. While the male brother of his wife, he came to know that his sister died. This monster, he, too, was embalmed in the room and put a door laid.
Дайсуке приглушенно хмыкнул и, пригласив своего попутчика следовать за ним, подошел к Мику. Они сели лицом к бару. Дайсуке протянул руку к чайнику. Мик кивнул и достал еще две чашки. После некоторого молчания Мик вновь спросил:
- I have some ideas about these samples, - said Mick, - but I don't want them to sound. What if I'm wrong?
- No. But master JI told me that the drunken style I got better at it, especially when I'm on the verge. And yet I was taught the secret techniques of the style of Falling water.
We had a very nice wedding. Mick has spent their money only on the ring, and the rest made him friends with planet Hollywood. They sewed the Snezhana stunning dress, paid for the services of the clergy, have booked the coolest restaurant, most super chefs. Even the musicians at the wedding were super. Not free-riders, and famous people - Mick Jagger, sting, Bryan Adams and even ten. The wedding March was played by Elton John. Mick and his friends from the plot a little stunned from it all, and she took it all in order. Well, and was attended by relatives Mika - grandmother, mother, sister and niece with men, as well as numerous nieces, nephews, cousins and relatives from my mother. And the whole team "Nemesis" together. Was good fun, but all ends? The family returned to their land, the people with "Nemesis" has spread about their business, and friends flew to Hollywood.
- You will not find, - Mick remained indifferent and relaxed. Max watched the enemy, looked at his partner and felt the back of someone's eyes. Two points of view. One far, and the second closer. Someone was watching them.
Джо сидела дома и была в черных домашних шортах и белой майке, когда к ней заявился Шерлок с другом.
- I have been away for two years, and the guys they're not told? Hmm. Bosasa. Don't even know what to call him. It – all. And the Voodoo priest and king of clubs and the type that can get it all.
— Тебе не нравиться? — Мик удивлено посмотрел на него, — конечно, со мной работать — это не очень приятно. Я… понимаю это. Мои дела всегда скатываются в матерую мистику.
В участке было тихо. Парни прямиком отправились к эксперту по видео-аудио материалам. В отличие от типичных программистов, Барт Храпов выглядел очень интеллигентно. Такой высокий двухметровый детина с каштановыми волосами, усами, глазами и донкихотской бородкой. Одежда его состояла из довольно вытянутого свитера неопределённого цвета и черных джинс.
— Хорошо, — Мик кивнул и подошел к Голго. Японская компания уже покинула дом и в комнате оставались лишь труп, Мик, Макс, Дайсуке и Голго.
— Завтра на работу не выходите, — лейтенант поглядел на своих подчинённых, — отдохните, в воскресение — посмотрим. Хотя нет. Я вам даю ЦЕЛЫХ два дня отгула, но постарайтесь остаться в живых за эти дни.
— Хорошо, — Джек приступил к рассказу. Лейтенант сидел за столом, Джек — в первом кресле, Мик — во втором. Макс подпирал стенку. Дверь была закрыта.
— Понятно. А теперь четко и ясно опишите ваших детей. С мельчайшими подробностями. И особенное внимание заострите на приметах.
— Я тебе не верю, — сказал лейтенант, выслушав сие произведение устного творчества, — ни капельки. Поэтому, — лейтенант взял трубку и позвонил.
- I went to Palm Street and looked around the corner. Father was sitting in garbage bags and drank. Drank and drank, then threw a full bottle against the wall, stood up and went outside. As soon as he disappeared behind the veil of rain, I was moved to follow him, but saw a black van.
Когда Мик залез под одеяло, Снежана вроде как спала, но стоило Мику улечься, она открыла глаза, перевернула мужа на спину и улеглась ему на грудь.
Half an hour later both sat on the stairs and silently watched the men in white coats. Experts came later. While all the people ran here and there, Max went back to preoccupying his subject:
And somewhere a man is carefully examined his new acquisition — purple star-shaped polyhedron. It was a bad purchase, but he did not know about it.
— Тысячу тебе хватит, мелкими купюрами, — решил Мик, отчитывая бумажки. Одну кучку, в которой была ровно тысяча сотенными, он отдал Снежане, а пятисот забрал с собой. Закрыл сейф.
— Ладно, — Макс принялся втолковывать низенькому, а высокий уставился на Мика. Его левая бровь поднялась, губы задрожали и серые глаза стали как два блюдца.
— Хуже того, после того, как он их набальзамировал, он еще и надругался над ними, а потом посадил их в эту комнату. А мужчина — брат его жены, он пришел узнать, что с его сестрой и погиб. Этот урод его тоже набальзамировал, в комнату поставил и двери заложил.
— Однажды к нам пришел человек, увидел это мясо. Это на третий день после визита этого парня было. Он попросил его приготовить. Я пытался его отговорить, но тщетно. Он перекусил, а на следующий день пришел вновь.
В кабинете лейтенанта действительно сидел детектив Джек Скотт. Увидев Мика, он поднялся, подошел к Мику и обнял его. Тот сделал тоже самое.
Спору нет, сам хозяин, одетый в кожаную куртку с меховым воротником, в короткие коричневые штаны, высокие сапоги на пуговках, кожаные краги, картуз, выглядел как ходячая реклама добропорядочного английского шофера довоенного периода.
Из руки вырвался черный луч, ударил в пол и во все стороны полетели доски, цемент, почва, камень. Воронка расширялась и углублялась. Три хранителя скользили по осыпающимся склонам вниз и вниз, пока не уперлись в круглый камень.Камень этот был серым и на нем были полосы, а под полосы уходила спираль, наполненная загустевшей кровью.
Голубки были из белой эмали, сердце — из красной, а маленькое сердце — из какого-то самоцвета. Обратная сторона позолочена, но видно было, что медальон бывал во многих переделках. Держался он на серебряной цепочке, тип «Клеопатра».
On Hollywood Boulevard was crowded. Restaurant "Solitaire l'amour" was opened. Its large glass double doors were wide open. For large Windows, there were tables in white tablecloths. Behind them were people. They drank, and ate, and talked. Just to the left of the door of the restaurant was parked luxury sports car. Mick parked the jeep on the other side of the street. They came and went in the opposite direction.
-One moment,-Kabashi got up and walked away in the direction of the official release. A few minutes later came back and laid on the table a pile of black and yellow cards. Mick took one in hand and carefully examined. On the business card was drawn smiling black hen, holding wings yellow ribbon on which was written - "Fresh meat from the brothers Chang at affordable prices". On the reverse side stood address Surf Street. 114.
— Ты можешь провести в Сан-Франциско несколько дней, — после километра пути сказал Мик, — я позвоню одному моему приятелю. Он не очень близкий приятель, да и встречались мы с ним пару раз всего, но может он меня еще помнит.
Туле Гранд отель был построен в стиле готического собора, но, несмотря, на свой мрачноватый вид, внутри оказался крайне просторным и многолюдным.
— Wǒmen bìxū gàndiào tā! Tā de xuè huì fùhuó tūnshì gǔtou! (We need to get rid of him! His blood will revive the eater of Bones!)
Хозяин ресторана подчеркнуто вежливо пригласил копов к задней двери и повел их по узким извилистым переулкам. Крыши домов наползали друг на друга, не давая возможности проникать дождю.
Mick said nothing, he went to the electric charging stations and parked the jeep in the Parking fine.
— Нет. Оно не приведет к желаемому результату, если даже они перебьют всех в округе. То место, оно мертво. Там нет зон силы, нет зон энергий. Это просто дубовый лес.
Лейтенант, узнав о происшедшем, очень расстроился. Джек стал винить себя, а весь участок погрузился в депрессию.
— What kind of people, and without protection! — joyfully exclaimed Bart, seeing Mick`s, -  I haven't seen! What do you have?
— Есть. Но там, — Джо подняла голову и посмотрела в серые глаза Шерлока, — настолько непредсказуемые предпосылки к всеобщему счастью, что если Мик сделает именно так или примерно так, это будет чудо.
— Что с Миком? — Дайсуке останавливает цикл, вытряхивает сигарету из измятой пачки и судорожно закуривает. Оглядывает окрестности:
When Mick climbed under the covers, kind of like the Snezana slept, but it was Mick`s to lie down, she opened her eyes, turned her husband onto his back and lay down on his chest.
- While we're milling about, all the evidence will wash away, - said Mick, - we'll go in my jeep. There’s a raincoat.
В этот день, как и в последующие, Мик до своих друзей так не смог дозвонится. А вот в пятницу 14 февраля откликнулись оба его приятеля. Разговор вышел долгим. Дейл позвонил Мику утром, в пять, и долго извинялся по поводу, что уж ничем не может помочь. А Дана — в полдень. Вот с ней Мик разговаривал около двух часов к вящему неудовольствию Макса.
— Le Méridien Grand Hotel Nürnberg, Bahnhofstrasse 1-3, — ответила Джо, — но мой секретарь поедет со мной.
Мик прошел к стойке и сел так, чтобы видно было лестницу, которая вела от дверей в бар. Хозяин принес чайник и кружку.
Она прикинула, сколько ей надо будет времени, чтобы добежать до ближайшего полицейского и пожаловаться на двух непонятных мужчин. Одежда позволяла бегать — коричневые джинсы, красная ветровка, лимонно-желтая рубашка с вышивкой, красно-золотистые кроссовки. Вещи тоже — маленький рюкзак.
— Nein. Miss Scott, Sie ist wie die Loreley. Majestätisch und unnahbar. (Нет. Мисс Скотт, вы, как Лорелея. Величественно и неприступно), — сказал Шерлок, улыбаясь.
В салоне было тихо и тепло. Парни быстро согрелись и высохли. Мик тронул руль, и машина двинула дальше. Следующая остановка — «Золотой Дракон», ресторанчик кантонской кухни. Он располагался на Хилл стрит. Обычно крайне оживленный Чайна Таун был сегодня пуст. Мик припарковал машину около входа, и они перебежали под защиту гигантской статуи Дракона. Статуя раскачивалась. Можно конечно и голографическую версию поставить, дешевле было бы, но китайцы — люди обстоятельные. Мик и Макс зашли в ресторан. Он был пуст.
— Начнем с того, — Джо легла на кровать рядом с Шерлоком, тот отставил ноутбук и заключил её в объятья, — он крайне увлекающаяся натура. Хоть он тебя и старше на пару лет, уже перепробовал все. Собирал немецкие автомобили, благо территория замка позволяет. Забросил, потом немецкие самолеты, танки и прочее оружие. Надоело. Принялся собирать подписи всех немецких политиков…. Пока застыло. Летал на Старую Землю, искал Атлантиду и Лемурию. Увы, не смог договориться с тамошними обитателями — в основном обросшие археологи. Потом полетел на Новую Лемурию и Новую Атлантиду. Вернулся крайне разочарованным. В настоящее время увлекается двумя вещами, которым отдается всем своим немецким педантизмом и энтузиазмом — Общество Туле и все что с ним связано, а второе — Вильгельм I.
Джош улыбнулся. Это был здоровый черноволосый тип с устрашающими усами а-ля Дон Кихот. В данный момент он сидел на стуле рядом с входом в участок и щелкал арахис. Форма трещала по швам, но шиться ему было западло.
— Точно. Я ей сделал кредитную карточку на большие расходы, отдельный счет на её имя, в который вложились некоторые граждане, которых ты видел на моей свадьбе. По состоянию ЕЁ счета, Снежана богаче меня примерно в четыре раза.
— Оставь меня, — внезапно огрызнулся Мик, — дай умереть спокойно. Не мешай мне сливаться с нирваной.
— Jǐngfāng yīncǐ wǒmen huáiyí, wǒmen jiāng bǎituō jǐngchá, ránhòu cóng tā de péngyǒu. Sìliào luòshānjī jǐngchá jú de jǐngchá zìjǐ de ròu (Полиция и так нас подозревает, мы избавимся от этого копа, а потом и от его дружка. Накормим полицию Лос-Анджелеса мясом их собственных копов.)
Mick came home a little brooding. Now that he knew that the threat hanging over him, had no doubt that those who will hunt for him, will not stop at nothing. So it was becoming as far away as possible Snezhana from the city. And having nothing for a while, while eating and washed, Mick came into the bedroom and climbed under the covers.
В кабинете лейтенанта сидели трое — хозяин кабинета, Макс и Джек. Шел второй день поисков, а полиция топталась на месте. Ни Харухи, ни Мика найти не удалось.
— К дядюшке Вонгу относись скептически, — посоветовал Мик, — этот старый сукин сын очень хитер и изворотлив. Мало ли чего может произойти, вдруг тебе понабиться помощь…
— Есть четыре варианта развития событий, — Джо крепче обняла любимого, — первый. Мик гибнет. После его гибели происходит некий хаос, потом наступает конец света. Затем все спасаются, ценой гибели двух миллиардов человек. Второй. Мик гибнет, но гибнет не зря. Своей смертью он спасает всю вселенную и каждого, кто в ней живет. Третий. Мик остается жить, но он не спасет никого из тех, кто ему дорог. Он уходит из полиции, начинает скатываться в глубины своего собственного ада. Четвертый. Мик жив, все, кто ему дорог — тоже, но вселенной нет. Мир умер. Мик счастлив, но горечь от утраты тех, кого он не смог спасти, отравляет его существование. И он… сходит с ума.
— Во-первых. Самолет был полностью уничтожен. Обычно места крушения бывают покрыты различными осколками, разной величины и формы, но тут — осколки очень маленькие, и они выпали с неба правильным кругом, как раз над точкой взрыва. Во — вторых. Тела пассажиров и экипажа превратились в пыль. Черные ящики тоже. Аэропорт говорил с ними до последней минуты.
— Я же тебе сказал, что я не помню, — Мик исподлобья взглянул на напарника, — если кто и может прояснить данную ситуацию, так это Джорджина.
- ....one wet work in the evening, - sepulchral voice began Max, appearing in the room. He was soaked to the goby. Mick pulled out a towel and threw it to him,-when all was going home, except Carl, Win`s came wacky idea to open the window.  Warned.  Said that you never know that somewhere close.... But the Win is always an opinion. He opened the window. Burst into a fireball and boomed by Win. The poor guy out, but before that, he said - Mick would return and he is the most mysterious thing.
— Сутки он провозится с вашей работой, а потом пойдет спать, а затем вернется. Двух дней ему хватит. И вам тоже.
Работа продвигалась медленно. Канал связи замыкался на Дайсуке, который перебрался в хостел «Deep-sea crab». Место было удаленное, Лу не протестовал. Ему по-своему было жалко Мика, и поэтому он тоже включил все свои связи на улицах.
— Не парься, — голос Мика приобрел обычный насмешливый оттенок, — оба стрелка уже мертвы, Феникс вызвал патруль. Скоро они будут здесь.
— Меня уже пытались нанять, — невозмутимо сказал Дайсуке, — у меня хорошая репутация в…хм… определенных кругах. Но я сказал, что… подумаю.
— Не думаю. Они вернулись в час дня, вас не было дома. Получив от меня еду, отправились на свое прежнее место обитания.
There was this nervous type abruptly broke off his speech, stared at the guys and screamed: "BURGERS!" attacked Max. Sticks, he apparently did not know how to use and therefore used a standard set. The attack happened quickly, but Mick's reaction was even faster. Max still got, but not much. It hurt, sticking in left shoulder knife. But the wound was superficial, as it turned out. And then this action type has stalled, because he suddenly found himself in a chair in the pose of saxaul — left leg behind his right ear, his right leg behind the left. Kabayashi called the police. Patrol responded, took the nervous type.
Mick was driving, following the signal from the bracelet Max. Neither Max nor the fugitive was not visible. They happily lost in the streets. Mick saw that the light on the panel flashed bright green. This meant that Max had stopped. Mick summed up the car to this place. Parked the jeep and, with revolver at the ready, got out of the car. Crept up to the alley and peered into it. Type with a gun was holding max at gunpoint. They were extremely uncomfortable. Mick couldn't shoot the gunman, because Max stood in the path of the bullet. Mick blinked. Silver filled his eyes. Mick has also seen HOW you can save your partner. Blinked again, the silver film is gone, and Mick jumped up. And at the highest point of its trajectory it went off. The bandit collapsed with a bullet through his head. Mick landed on bent legs, removed the gun and walked over to the stunned Max`s.
— Хотелось бы, — Мик улыбнулся, — да я тут читал в отчетах, что латиносы змей в пищу потребляют, а афроамериканцы на своих церемониях Вуду приносят в жертву маленьких крокодильчиков…
— Ничего. Ждем прибытия багажа, рассматриваем коллекции нашего хозяина, читаем старинные документы и ждем…
And spread to the perimeter. The wait staff was alive, but was in deep shock, but the driver of the truck no luck. Someone blew his head off, worked rough.
- Simply stunning boutique "Moon Star", saleswomen are attentive. There I bought jeans, shirts, blouses, shorts, breeches and a bunch of shoes. As well as jackets for all occasions, shoes and hats. And one cowboy took. I have now set – jeans, a blue checked shirt, cowboy boots and hat. And another set of red cowboy shirt, denim swimsuit, shorts with fringe, and boots of the strips. Here. And I still bought the boots, and suddenly we're in the mountains.
— Решать вам, — Дайсуке посмотрел по сторонам и прошептал, — и лучше всего, если эти ребята успокоят его сами, а то Мик склонен думать, что он провалил задание.
— When you've turned into a guardian in a dimension Y, the Grail was expelled from the Holy energy of good. She entered our hearts and changed our force. Because it was the Holy Grail, and not escheat the product of a sick imagination foreign soldiers. If you remember, the power of the false Grail gave the Princess only for a while.
— Look, — holography went hand. And suddenly a terrible blow shook the entire restaurant. He heard a terrible crackling and crashing. One of the chefs popped up was out the door, but it was in vain. The door was blocked by a fallen dragon.
— How could I forget,  - the voice of Wong was meditatively and affectionate, — Yes, detective. And what brings you to me?
When they arrived at the front gate to Baskerville, this time they had the proper ID, and were granted access to the facility without difficulty. On arriving at the main building, they parked the car and went to the door. Although Sherlock was a
The biggest news was happening in Dartmoor, however. Dr. Stapleton had phoned to tell them that eggs from Sherlock's cell line had been combined with John's sperm
“Ahh, yes - Sherlock will be 'Papa' and I will be 'Daddy'. We both chose what we wished to be called,” answered John. “Both are also easy for her to learn to say, when she starts talking.”
“Possibly, John, possibly. May I hold her and give her the rest of her feed?” asked Sherlock, his eyes locked on the baby.
"It'll all get sorted in plenty of time, we do have some months left to prepare. Now, love, see if you can drink most of this - for me, okay, Sherlock?" he instructed.
"That is a good idea, as well, John. Not to mention we can include some classical music in general, for the baby to listen to during the day. It is so much more soothing to tender ears, and some say that listening to classical music, especially Mozart, helps the developing brain" Sherlock added.
As for Sherlock, he only took cases he could solve by phone or computer, or ones where Greg brought over the crime scene photos and what evidence they had gathered. On occasion, Greg or Anderson had him view the crime scene via computer, which was more helpful than he might have supposed. He had vowed to be the primary caregiver for Sheri, and the cases were secondary to that. He was already spending some time each day teaching her about the world.
Once Sheri was about two and a half, and growing like a weed - she would apparently inherit Sherlock's height, which was a good thing according to both her parents, Sherlock started teaching her about music - the notes, time signatures, etc. - all the basics. By the time she turned three, she started learning the violin. John was entranced at seeing her - still so tiny to him - with her little violin and bow, studying her Papa and trying to follow him as exactly as she could. Unsurprisingly, she was very good at it, and was soon playing extremely well for a child twice her age.
I hope you enjoy this update- please leave a comment if you did. Not beta-read, all mistakes are mine alone. Thanks,
in one of Mycroft's long black cars. John noticed that Anthea wore her engagement ring, and everyone congratulated the couple. Mycroft actually looked happy, and was more relaxed than John had ever seen him. Apparently, Anthea was agreeing with him. Mummy caught John's eye and winked at him - obviously, she thought so, too.
find out what was going on, that night. After nearly getting into one of the worst arguments they had had since their marriage, Sherlock finally relented. He sat up in bed, took a deep breath, blew it out, and started.
Sherlock grinned at this, saying to John, “Well, that's one thing taken care of, courtesy of my brother's soon-to-be fiancée. He must really be afraid he'll have to become a father sooner rather than later. And to think he once told me that sex shouldn't alarm
There was a moment of stunned silence, then Greg and Molly both stood and threw their arms around whichever friend they could reach. Then they switched. There were smiles and happy tears from Molly, and Greg was happy their children would be close in age.
When it was time for her next sleep, John took Sheri and sat in the rocker. Sherlock took his Strad from the case and played a few lullabies for her. She settled quickly, and John laid her down on her back in the cot, foot to foot, swaddled snugly in a light blanket. The afternoon passed quickly, and soon it was time for them to go to the cafeteria and have dinner.
“I don't see why not - I'll just ask Mycroft about it, shall I? I'd think they have something in place to do that sort of thing,” Sherlock replied, texting his brother as he spoke. “We should get a baby album and start keeping all the information about the baby in it - the photo would be one of the first entries. Let's see if they have them on this site while we're at it...”
“You may both be present at the birth, naturally. If all is well, the child can go home with you in 72 hours. Except for brief evaluations, you will have the infant with you at all times. You will be given a set of instructions as to type of formula, vitamin supplements, and a few other things to maintain the integrity of the project. All regular exams and vaccinations will be done at a government-approved paediatrician's office. You will be given a set of the documents at each visit, so you can have a complete health record. Weekly measurements of the child's growth, nutrition, and similar evaluations can be performed at your flat, by you. We would, of course, provide you with the forms already created to keep the measurements, and you would bring them to the paediatrician when the child is seen for immunisations and the like.
A/N This work was not beta-read, all mistakes are mine. Please leave a comment, it is always welcome.
“I see no problem with that, as long as you do not share the video. I'll just have both your computers upgraded with the latest security features. When the child is born, we will make a video containing non-classified information and give it to you to share with your friends. That way you will have some video of the child immediately after birth, and can keep it as an official birth memento. Will that be agreeable to you both? Sherlock?” Mycroft enquired of his brother.
“Of course, boys, not until you want me to. Oh, I know Violet is going to be so happy! And I can see your dad now, decorating for Christmas - he'll be over the moon!” she replied, smiling.
“I think Anthea is just the sort of woman that my brother needs in his life - she won't let him walk over her, I can tell you! She is equal to the challenge,” replied Sherlock, grinning at John as he finished talking. He placed Sheri in a small reclining seat on the table, so she could see what was happening, and buckled her in safely.
“No, no, I'm fine, I just was worn out, I suppose. Better get used to that, eh?” Sherlock said, arching an eyebrow at their daughter, but smiling as he did so.
She had been talking since she was 6 months old. Starting with “Dada” and “Papa”, she rapidly progressed to naming most of her closest family and friends, although some were more clearly understood. Sherlock spent time each day with her picture books, teaching her the names of animals, objects, and the like. He had also been simultaneously teaching her French, which his mother had done for he and Mycroft since birth. John heartily approved, since the only other language he spoke was a bit of Pashto – not nearly as handy to know.
Sherlock stretched like a cat and answered, "Erm, for about 8 days and 5 hours, I think. I wanted to find out everything I could about the process and its relative safety first. I – err - took the train and then drove out to Baskerville and had a chat with Dr. Stapleton. Was that - not good?"
“Please, let me help you - I don't want you worrying over all this, Sherlock. It will only make the whole adjustment more difficult, and I think you will do very well, once you get past the physical things you will need to be prepared. When you have decided on the lab equipment you need, send the list to Anthea and she will take care of seeing it is ordered and installed properly. She can also research the shops with the best assortment of quality baby items, and then you can just start with those in the first place. She can take down what you like, and when you get home, you can compare notes and decide. Do you think that would help, brother?”
His other half looked brighter at the mention of classes. “That would be a brilliant idea - and the private ones, please. Then we can ask all the questions we want and not seem to be - erm- ill-suited to be parents by other pupils, and we won't be surrounded by idiots. Also, there is the fact that, although we are hardly the first same-sex parents to have a child, some still find it odd and/or distasteful, and I - ”
It was soon time for lunch. Sherlock checked on Sheri, and saw that she was fast asleep, so he joined the rest of the family. John and Sherlock had some of Mummy's excellent potato soup - it was one of Sherlock's favourites - and another cup of decaf tea with honey. After the meal, he and Mycroft washed and dried the dishes as per their usual when at their parents' home. The brothers then joined the rest of the family in the lounge, where a discussion of what film to watch started. The ladies won and put on
Sherlock gladly took her back into his arms and Mycroft placed the call. When his parents answered, Sherlock was smiling, saying, “Look, Sheri - it's your Nan and Grand-dad! Let's wave and say hello,” and he dutifully picked up the baby's hand and waved it at them. They were thrilled with getting to see her so soon after her birth, and wanted all the vital statistics. John talked with them for a minute or two, and said that since the hospital was not in London, they'd be staying a few days and then returning to Baker Street, where they'd arrange a visit very soon. Violet was unabashedly crying tears of joy, and Siger was suspiciously misty-eyed as well. Mycroft spoke to the new grandparents for a few minutes, too, and then rang off for the time being.
“Thanks, Mycroft – that means a lot to me. I know I spent a ridiculous amount of time denying my feelings at first, but he really has been the best thing to come along in my life, too,” John replied. “He may still be an idiot at times, but he is
"What's that?" asked his lanky husband, assuming a supine position on the sofa, his head conveniently in John's lap.
He thought about the nursery, too. They could keep the baby in their room for a few months, but would need a proper room after that. Perhaps John's old room upstairs? A brief flash of a room with a painted mural consisting of animals, or perhaps stars, moons, and planets; went through his mind. Sally Donovan had quite a flair for art, and she had been surprisingly supportive since he and John had gone public with their relationship and marriage - maybe she would do the artwork? And Greg was rather handy, maybe he could help them with the cot and any other furniture they needed to put together. Sherlock knew that he was absolute pants at that sort of stuff, even with directions; and John just got frustrated and then angry and spent more time cursing than building - but he was
Mummy had indeed started a pot of coffee, and was waiting to make breakfast for her boys. As she cooked, she said casually, “Oh, Sherlock, your brother is coming over today with Anthea. She seems a nice girl, don't you think?”
Greg and Molly's gift was a standing offer to watch Sheri so that their dads could have a date night once a month, as Sherlock and John did for them. They knew how important it was to get away from the constant baby talk and minutiae once in a while, to reconnect. The boys appreciated this more as time went by, and happily reciprocated with Emily, as they had since she was born.
! How good it felt to know, at last! He was watching the tiny hands and feet - which John had to say looked an awful lot like Sherlock's - and smiling slightly. He had seldom seen Sherlock look so - soft, and so full of love; and he knew that he was, like John, longing to hold her in his arms. Any slight reservations he may have secretly harboured about how Sherlock would relate as a father were shattered in that instant. John was filled anew with an unconditional love for his sweetheart. He took out his phone and snapped a photo of Sherlock's face, careful to keep out any identifying surroundings. He knew their devices would be checked before they left, but he figured this one should be all right, and decided it was worth a try.
"Erm – I – I guess so. I'm so sorry, I didn't mean for any of this to happen. We were just sitting at lunch and then I got to thinking about all the things we needed to do, and suddenly it just seemed there was no air in the room. John, I'm so sorry," Sherlock started, but was silenced by his husband, who was standing there in front of him with some orange juice.
“Is anything wrong? Does she feel warm?” he asked. John had thought of that, but she didn't feel at all feverish. Still, he got out the baby thermometer and checked her temperature anyway. It was normal.
naughty lingerie and stilettos, something he had done recently for a case. (And as with everything, he was bloody good at it, the prat!) That made him smile even more.
While he was saying this, his little brother had gradually walked quietly back to the table and sat, helping himself to tea and a croissant. He was listening attentively.
The final task for the day was choosing new paint colours for the flat - Molly had suggested it, and once John and Sherlock considered it, they agreed that lighter and brighter shades would definitely appeal more to a baby and make the flat look refreshed as well. They started looking online, but decided they would have Anthea set up an appointment with an interior designer, to assist with the general makeover. Things were starting to shape up for the arrival of their little one, although that was still far away.
They got a cab back to the flat and stopped in at Mrs. Hudson's to let her know. They brought her favourite flowers and some fancy tea cakes that she liked. She knew they were up to something as soon as she came to the door, but let them in and they all were soon sat at her table, having tea and some of the cakes. She looked from one to the other expectantly, and finally, Sherlock began.
Again, many thanks for all who have followed along- your  kudos and comments are very much appreciated.
“If I may say so, Dr. Stapleton thought of you immediately when we decided to expand the program to same-sex couples. She thought that the two of you would make excellent parents, as both of you have the knowledge to note any irregularities and contact her, as well as being committed to each other. I believe that is all I have to tell you, unless there are other questions or concerns - ?” Mycroft finally stopped talking and John was left with his mind racing, trying to absorb all the information that had just been imparted to them.
“ Erm – Mrs. Hudson, John and I have decided that we want to try and have a child. Mycroft is helping us to find a suitable surrogate. He will do the initial screening as to health, character, etc., and present us with a short list of candidates to interview. With his access to records and such, it should greatly simplify the process for us. We'll keep you advised of the progress of our little project - that is, if we may continue living here once we have a child -?” he finished on a questioning note, as he wasn't entirely sure that she would say yes.
After exchanging greetings and taking their coats, they directed their guests to their new table. They had recently bought this as a replacement for the one that Sherlock had ruined with so many experiments. It would comfortably seat eight when the leaves were added. John poured them all some wine. They spent a few minutes with everyone getting started on the meal.
“Sherlock, dear, it's a perfectly lovely name! You have both done very well with this - I don't mind saying we were a bit afraid of what you might decide. How much longer is it now until the birth?” she asked.
Mycroft continued,“All right, then. I'll have Anthea see about an instructor who can come to the flat. Although we have some time, we can make tentative plans. The removal men should be here next week to help move the lab equipment down to 221C, and then back again as well to deliver the extra things you have indicated you will need to have a proper lab, like a table, stools, refrigerator, and whatever else you might have on the list. Then Anthea can start to look into which shops carry the kinds of furnishings you are looking for, and after that, she can check into the baby things.
"Well, I couldn't very well just tell you - it wouldn't have made much of an anniversary gift that way, would it?"
When Sherlock and John were ready to leave, they were given several new photos - some were “scan” photos that everyone could see, but they also got a few for them alone, showing their little girl in greater detail. John knew that Sherlock was already planning how he would arrange them in the baby book. A video for them alone was the next item they received. They thanked everyone and went outside to begin the drive back to the Cross Keys.
They arrived at Baskerville an hour early on Tuesday. As they got out of their rental car, Mycroft was just coming through the gates in his usual black sedan. He was all smiles as he saw his brother and brother-in-law. Sherlock was pretty much wired, and looked like he had ingested about 6 cups of strong coffee already. John was, as usual, calmer, and took Sherlock's hand and patted it, trying to quiet him down a bit. They all went through the entrance to the ectogenesis labs and were greeted by Dr. Stapleton. A paediatrician and two nurses were also on hand to receive the baby and do initial checks and stabilisation if any was needed. John had a bag with their clothes for the next couple of days and the baby's things that they would need. They placed the bag in the room they'd be staying in after the birth, and changed into scrubs, all three of them. They had previously spoken with the staff about feeding, and had purchased the type of bottles they recommended. The formula itself would be produced and provided by Baskerville. Mycroft had arranged to have it picked up and delivered to Baker Street every month.
“Oh, Sherlock – John – a little girl - and she's lovely! What a nice surprise - is the surrogate, um - feeling well, and everything?” she asked, not quite knowing what to say.
“He gets impatient and sometimes swears a bit, but he has an unshakeable moral compass which he does not ever compromise. He will defend us with his life if he needs to, without fear for himself. He is an expert marksman and will no doubt teach you to shoot one day, so as to defend yourself if needed. We do occasionally run into some rather unsavoury characters, but we will keep you safe, always.
Thanks to everyone who has left comments- it is much appreciated. So glad you are enjoying the ride with me,
A bit later in the day, they phoned Greg and Molly, and Mrs. Hudson. Everyone was pleased and cooed over the baby, and Molly asked how they were getting on so far. She smiled when Sherlock looked at them haughtily and assured her that they were doing just fine, thank you very much. “So Sherlock-y!” she said, and they all laughed. They all agreed that Sheri looked just like Sherlock as a baby, from pictures he had shown them, except for her hair colour. They also all expressed the hope that she would take on more of John's personality traits, even though they didn't know her exact parentage. John and Sherlock just grinned and agreed that yes, it would be best if she were to do that. Sherlock tried to look insulted, but they all knew it was only a token pout, and he soon abandoned the charade.
John and Sherlock looked at each other, still not quite believing this had all happened so quickly. They were alternately insanely giddy and a bit overwhelmed at all the changes they would have to make to the flat before the baby came home. They supposed they'd have to tell Mrs. Hudson something so she wouldn't drive them completely mad with her questions. Maybe they
“When it is determined that the foetus is full-term, it is simply removed from the device by Dr. Stapleton, and given to a team composed of a neonatal specialist and several nurses, respiratory technicians, and the like, to stabilise the infant and give it the first physical examination.
“Oh, and I should tell you, Dr. Stapleton called and the cell lines are doing very well. She expects to have the egg cells differentiated by next week, and will phone you to see who will provide which cells – so you might want to decide that, soon. She was very pleased and said that both cell lines looked completely healthy. John, thank you for the excellent meal,” Mycroft told them, as he finished his last cup of tea and made ready to leave. He retrieved his umbrella and hung it over his right arm, and made his way down the stairs. Of course, the ubiquitous black car picked him up and swirled away into traffic.
"And I love you, you great soppy thing! Happy Anniversary of our proposal, then. You are suspiciously sentimental for someone who used to deride the whole 'sentiment' thing," John teased his love. "I think you will do very well with a child, love, very well indeed. You may need some practical knowledge, most new parents do - but I can definitely see you being a brilliant father!"
Feeding the baby necessitated yet another vast array of items - best to see what Baskerville recommended first, before really looking too far in that direction. Obviously the child would be formula-fed, but other than that, they had no idea what type or even if the recommended one might be a creation of the labs at Baskerville itself. They glanced at many types of bottles, but put it off until they knew more.
His mother went behind him and swatted him playfully on the shoulder. “Oh, stop it, you! I swear, you and your brother will never stop with the bickering! You're both old enough to know better!” but she was smiling as she said it. John had to laugh - Mummy was indeed a force to be reckoned with in this family.
idiot. He really has come a long way from how he was when we met. Most people would probably take him for human now, I think, not a calculating, crime-solving, machine. He will make a great father with a little help, and I'm so happy we decided to go with this. She is just lovely, isn't she?”
Sherlock, now that the excitement was over for the moment, felt extremely fatigued. He gave Sheri to Mycroft, who hadn't held her yet, and lay down on the bed for a bit so he could relax. He stretched out and yawned loudly, then mumbled, “Sorry,” and turned on his side away from Mycroft and John. His breathing evened out and he was fast asleep in less than five minutes.
Before Mycroft left, John thought of several other questions for him, mostly about the check-ups he would give the baby, in between the “official” checks at the paediatrician and the military facility. Mycroft also assured him that the birth registration would be no problem, and he would see that it was taken care of properly. Everything seemed agreeable, and Mycroft finally left, his umbrella tapping down each step. As they heard the outer door closing, the ever-present black car appeared to whisk him away again.
Sheri still slept in their bedroom in her small cot. They thought that until she started to outgrow it, she would probably remain there, and then transfer her up to her nursery in John's old bedroom. They took turns getting up with her, Sherlock working around John's clinic schedule.
The next day was a clinic day for John. Sherlock decided to make a list of things they would need to get the downstairs flat converted into a lab. It was actually an idea he and John had tossed around a bit before they had found out about the baby project, since it would make so much more sense to have all his experiments together where they wouldn't be disturbed and where they didn't interfere with their kitchen/bathtub – well, the general consensus was – the lab should be moved elsewhere than in 221B. Mycroft had offered to assume the added costs, so it only remained to order a real lab table and stools, an incubator, fridge, and centrifuge. Sherlock's mind was full of the equipment and glassware he needed to make it a really functional lab. Maybe he could ask Molly to bring him a catalogue from one of the manufacturers the hospital used - he liked that idea, and texted her to bring it to dinner that evening. She replied that she would, and added that if he came to the lab the following Tuesday, she would probably have some eyes for him. The eye bank at Moorfield's Hospital had some "expired" donations, and Molly had secured some for him. He spent a few minutes in his mind palace, planning experiments - but soon surfaced to focus on the list, and decided anything further could wait until he had the catalogue in hand.
is the day, three years ago, that you and I proposed to each other at the same time! You know I can't help but remember these things, even though they may be trivial to other people. I never even expected to have a friend, much less a best friend, and a husband - it was more than I dared think about." Sherlock answered all at once, slightly out of breath at the finish. "I grew up thinking that no one but Mummy and Dad would ever love me, and I thought I could live with that, until you - I do love you, John."
I'm so happy so many have enjoyed this adventure with the boys- please leave a comment if you wish. Thanks,
“My little angel, I have to tell you about your Papa. He is the most brilliant man, and one of the most exasperating at times, but never doubt for a second that he loves you with his whole heart. He is quirky, and can tell you 57 ways to open a lock without a key - or about 243 types of cigarette ash.
The next morning, John awakened with a start. He hadn't heard the baby at all in the night – oh, no! Why hadn't he heard her? He was going to be a rubbish father if he couldn't even wake up when their daughter cried... When he turned over and got his eyes open properly, his heart racing, he saw Sherlock sitting in the rocking chair, with Sheri on one shoulder, rocking her gently.
By the time Greg and Molly left that evening, John and Sherlock felt they had a lot of new info, and were much more ready to start shopping as soon as they knew the baby was growing normally. They sat together on their couch, watching the telly, and thinking about all the new things they had learned. Sherlock, especially, seemed much more relaxed, and John was more than pleased with
“ Sherlock, what Anthea and I decide to do about a family is none of your concern at present - and please do not say anything to Mummy or Father until I've had a chance to tell them. I'll be asking Mummy for Great-Grandmother Vernet's sapphire ring for Anthea's engagement ring. She prefers sapphires above all other stones, so I thought it would be very suitable for her. I am going to have a matching wedding ring made for her, and one for myself. So - now you know as much of my plans as I do of yours, brother mine,” the elder Holmes brother finished, looking very pleased with both his brother and himself.
At this, John suddenly caught on, and started smiling, his face lighting up with happiness and he realised what his sweetheart was hinting at. “Erm, yes, Sherlock? Is there something you wanted to ask me about those two embryos just 'sitting there'?” he said, pulling his husband over for a kiss.
“He's a doctor, so he will be able to take very good care of both of us, always. He is not very tall, but is very strong and dependable. I trust him completely with my life and heart, and with yours. He will never let any harm come to you. He may have difficulty saying some things, but I am sure he will tell you he loves you very easily, after all.
Sherlock answered. “John, I know you were raised in the Roman Catholic Church, but I didn't think you wanted to continue that with our child - so we don't
know he didn't want Sherlock to slip into one of his black moods about this whole parenting issue, if at all possible. He knew how much Sherlock wanted this child, and that he would be a brilliant father - and he wanted Sherlock to realise it, too.
The next few days flew by, and it was soon time for the new family to return to Baker Street. The boys were excited to have her home at last, and to introduce her to her home. The first evening, as they settled in to watch some telly, with Sheri in her cot in their bedroom, Sherlock and John could hardly believe that their dream had come true - one they thought was an impossibility.
He fed her the remainder of the formula, put her on his shoulder and continued sitting in the rocking chair, humming softly. Sheri listened, as if recognising the sound she had heard many times before. She was very content to be snuggled with her Papa, and soon drifted back to sleep. When John indicated he would take her and lay her down, Sherlock shook his head, and continued rocking. He had never imagined this - the fact that he and John had found each other still amazed him, and this – well, this was almost more than he could contain inside - he was bursting at the seams with love and contentment. He carried on rocking until Sheri woke up again, marvelling at her tiny features, hands, and feet; and her curls, so like John's - and his own.
“Yes, Mummy, she is doing very well, and has been cooperative to the letter with her instructions as to the pregnancy. We were fortunate to have Mycroft help us to select a suitable woman. We're both very pleased,” Sherlock replied. “The scan photo is quite clear, isn't it? I didn't know we would be able to see so much detail at this stage.”
Sherlock took the long piece of cloth - in a charcoal grey that was about the colour of his Belstaff - and began wrapping it around his slim frame. It took a few minutes to get it right, but he soon had a compact bundle snugged around him, with a middle area just right for holding their daughter. He spun around and grinned.
“No idea, love - can it be that you were just a teensy bit anxious for Sheri to get here?” teased John, smiling, as he lifted Sheri onto his shoulder and patted her back, rewarded when she let out a satisfying belch.
"All right, then - we at least can be sure that she knows what she is doing, genetically speaking. Well, unless she splices in a fluorescent gene, which, admittedly, could come in handy at night – no lights needed to change nappies at 2 A.M. But, Sherlock, what about who will actually carry the pregnancy to term?" John still had no idea who they could ask to do such a momentous thing.
Sherlock spent quite a while talking to their daughter. He told her about 221B, about all the relatives and friends she would soon meet, and finally, he told her about her Daddy.
Sherlock found he was really quite peckish, and the soup always tasted better the next day. Before he knew it, he was asking John for a refill and handing him the bowl. John filled it gladly, smiling. Sherlock also had two of the rolls with jam.
"Well, Sherlock, I am completely gobsmacked here! I don't think even you could have surprised me more than you have this evening. I may even be inclined to feel kindly toward Mycroft," John couldn't contain his laughter any more, and started giggling, which of course, started his husband giggling, too. Soon they were a hopelessly boneless pair, sitting on the sofa and clutching their sides, a stray giggle still escaping one or the other.
With Mrs. Hudson safely back in 221A; Sherlock, John, and Mycroft walked up the stairs to the flat. Sherlock still felt embarrassed about the panic attack he had experienced, and sat down at his place at the kitchen table very meekly. John set to heating up some of the vegetable soup he had made the day before, knowing his husband loved soup, and could usually be coaxed to eat a decent portion. He had some crusty rolls in as well, and placed a couple of those on the table, with butter and jam. When the kettle switched itself off, he poured the tea for all three of them. To John's surprise, Mycroft accepted his invitation to join them for the meal. He set a third place, thankful that none of Sherlock's experiments were on the table at this time.
Sally Donovan was upstairs, painting the baby's room with a sylvan scene. They had decided on woodland animals, and Sally was having a great time populating the room with lots of tiny creatures, each one friendly and smiling. Sherlock and John could not begin to tell her how much they liked the results. It looked exactly as they had hoped, and they were over the moon. The top of the room was a light blue, with fluffy cumulus clouds floating overhead randomly across the ceiling. Philip Anderson would add the sticky glow-stars after the painting was complete, as he was quite the astronomy aficionado and could place constellations properly in the “sky” for them.
. Maybe Molly could help him with a more comprehensive listing of the essential items, so he could be sure they had the important things, as well as some that had proven to be especially useful to her and Greg. He wanted so much to be a good parent, and was soon obsessing in his oh – so –
“Well, yes, I'd think so - we'd both better get used to it, this will be quite an undertaking. She's well worth it, though, don't you think?” asked John.
“No question that she is, John. I may just need to – ahem - amend my recent habits and actually sleep more at night. I was doing better, don't know why I've been so restless the last couple of weeks,” Sherlock commented, shaking his head.
“You can be totally confident that he loves you and would defend you with his life, if need be. We have both wanted you for such a long time and thought we'd never have a child of our own – but here you are, and we are both chuffed to bits. I love you, Sheri.”
Anthea giggled and Mycroft tried very hard to look annoyed, but failed. Sherlock snickered at Mycroft and Anthea, then Mummy and Dad were smiling as well – having a bit of fun at his big brother's expense was always good as far as Sherlock was concerned.
He had continued to hone his cooking skills, and most days that John worked, Sherlock was making dinner for the two of them (although he did call Angelo for a dinner occasionally). He also did breakfast on John's clinic days, and they both shared lunch duty when John was at home.
Sherlock got up to put the kettle on, and he and John finally gave in to their default setting - giggling about the photos and just general happiness that the baby was doing well. When the tea was ready, they sat at their table with a plate of chocolate digestives between them, and decided that they'd wait to show Mrs. Hudson until they had already been to Sherlock's parents' home. It was only fair that the grandparents should get the information first. They would also tell Molly and Greg later, and let them finally spread the news.
The train ride seemed interminable. Sherlock was practically vibrating, he was so wired, and his hands and feet were keeping time to some unheard melody. He tried to concentrate on his laptop, doing some vague research, but he couldn't get anything done because he was so distracted by thoughts of the baby. To be fair, John was not exactly calm, himself. He had seen the process at their previous visit, but this was the first time they would be seeing
John said, “Sit down, Mycroft - do you want some tea? Mrs. Hudson sent up some freshly-baked chocolate croissants, too. Sherlock is just a bit – erm - over-excited. He has been telling me about his discussion with Dr Stapleton, but I'd like to go over it all again with you, please. This has been amazing news to me! Also, I wanted to thank you - most sincerely - for thinking of us and helping to ease our way into the study. I've wanted children since I was a young man just out of medical school, but then I went into the Army, so that put things off. After Sherlock and I realised we were serious about marriage, we talked at length about the subject. Seeing Sherlock with Greg and Molly's daughter made me realise he wanted a child just as much. It admittedly surprised me as much as it did him, but he is very comfortable with Emily and she adores him as well.”
“In your case, you would be able to stipulate who would provide the egg, and who the sperm. If you should choose to have more than one child, the process could be switched if you wish. The mechanical uterus uses an amniotic fluid that is not distinguishable from the norm, and when the embryo is a few weeks along, the natural process of creating the fluid is taken over by the developing placenta. The placenta attaches to the wall of the gestation device, and functions as it would normally, with feeding tubes replacing a mother's body and supplying nutrients to the placenta. The fluid is exchanged every few hours, as it would be naturally. Since the uterus is completely external, you will be able to observe the developing foetus, if you wish. There is no need for routine ultrasound, as the foetus can be readily seen, but it may be done if a problem is suspected. Routine measurements are done to follow the development, and weight can be determined by a scale in the gestation device. The membranes that contain the fluid are also formed in the process.
John and Sherlock did go baby shopping online, using the sites Anthea found. They purchased some basic sheets for the cot, sleepsuits, and some onesies that were gender-neutral, having animal or geometric prints. This would give them a few things to start with, and they were just bursting to order some more tiny clothes. They both knew they were putting the cart first a bit, but they knew even if this embryo were not to flourish, they still wanted a child, and would try again.
The next thing Sherlock was aware of, was John shaking him – again - and telling him that dinner was ready. Sherlock stumbled into the bathroom and then out to the kitchen where John had made them toasted cheese sandwiches with chips. He'd slept for nearly two hours- ridiculous in the middle of the day! Oh, well, it couldn't be helped now, he supposed, and tucked into his dinner.
Both John and Sherlock were pleased by this, as they really didn't want to move house if possible. Mrs. Hudson
A few short weeks later, John and Sherlock were back on the train to Dartmoor. This visit was an important one - they would find out the sex of their child. They truly had no preference, but were very excited to know which it would be. They were also intensely curious to actually observe their baby growing in the artificial uterus. Mycroft had assured them that they would receive a video to keep, although they could not show it to others, since it contained classified information about the process.
Out in the sitting room, John could hardly believe it when their daughter stopped crying just a few minutes after Sherlock took her. He'd have to ask him what he tried, so he'd know for the next time. Sherlock was certainly doing a fine job of parenting - of course, he was keenly observant – perhaps he had noted something about Sheri that John hadn't. He shook it off mentally - no use worrying about it now, she was settled. As he was thinking this, Sherlock returned to the group.
Sherlock beamed at these words of enthusiasm from John - he had worried about whether he would be good at parenting a newborn, especially. But since John knew about them, he could teach Sherlock what he needed to learn, and then he would, of course, be able to handle it - why, ordinary people did it all the time! And Molly and Greg trusted him with little Emily; he loved going over to theirs and playing with her and seeing what she had learnt. She was the smartest baby he had ever known - not that he'd paid attention before, really... but of course, Molly was brilliant in her own right and Greg was - not bad - for a Scotland Yarder. (And at least, now he was visiting them more often, Sherlock could - usually - remember Lestrade's Christian name.)
The first time Sherlock took Sheri along to a crime scene was a mixed blessing. John was at the clinic, and Sherlock knew everyone from the Met would be busy doing their assigned tasks, so he thought Sheri would provide some much-needed company, and someone to talk to and bounce ideas off. He seldom actually travelled to a scene, but this was a triple murder, and the Met were, of course, hopelessly out of their depth, so he went. Everyone there was staring, slack-jawed, at the sight of the detective wearing his daughter around his front in a sort of knapsack. He was swooping around and looking at the scene from all angles, as usual, when he suddenly realised that everyone had gone very quiet.
Martha Hudson was only too happy to go with Sherlock to begin scouting out things they would soon need for the child they were planning to have. She knew he was not buying things now, but Sherlock was like a dog with a bone when he focussed on something, and she realised he'd not be satisfied until he at least had a good idea of what they would need. There was the added treat that Sherlock always chose the best places to eat. Many of the owners owed him a favour or three, and they always received excellent service and often, extras with the meal, like free pudding.
“Sherlock, love - I still am having a little trouble believing this. I feel like I should pinch myself to see if I am awake or dreaming. Do you know how long it will be from the time we give them tissue samples until they can actually grow the cells and 'start' the baby? I guess I should have asked Mycroft, but I am amazed I thought to ask him anything at all. Oh! Can we choose the baby's sex? Not that I care which one it will be, but I just wondered,” John said. He was talking and thinking, his mind reeling with the information they had been given that morning.
They now had the nursery cleared out and were waiting for Sally to do the artwork – she had agreed and they settled on a basic design with woodland animals and a few trees and clouds. John had remembered having glowing stars on the ceiling of his boyhood room, and they both liked the idea, so they purchased some to apply when the artwork was complete. The main items of baby furniture were ordered, had arrived and would be assembled with Greg and Molly's help. Sherlock was the most appreciative, since he knew that John was likely to end up frustrated and swearing a lot, but accomplishing very little.
By this time, it was getting quite late, but neither John nor Sherlock could think about trying to sleep just yet, so they watched a few baby care videos online, and got even more excited and nervous, all at once. They decided they had faced some pretty dangerous situations and criminals, so they would NOT be daunted by a tiny baby! Feeling somewhat better, they watched several more videos about preparing formula, car seats, baby safety in general, and then they moved on to baby clothes in online shops. This was much more fun, and if they had known the sex, their child would have had a dozen outfits in a few minutes.
When he did need to leave the flat, the front pack was invaluable. He preferred the papoose for indoors, when he was preparing food or doing laundry - yes, he was doing the laundry, something to which no one would have ever thought he'd succumb. He had learnt that life with a newborn required a
"That's all right, dear - it's all a bit daunting to think about, isn't it? You've plenty of time, don't pressure yourself too much. We'll just browse through today, and make some notes as we go along.
“Sherlock, do you think we can request a photo, something they could make look like a routine early scan, so that we can show it to friends? I'd quite like to be able to see, and I admit, to show off a bit, what do you reckon?” asked John.
“Oh, lovely!” said a voice from the entrance to the corridor and the bedrooms. They were surprised to see Mrs. Hudson, who had come early to be there when the trio arrived. “Let me see the little angel!” She walked forward and held out her arms to Siger, who relinquished Sheri to her. She walked over and sat down in the chair opposite John, cooing at the baby.
“Yes, she must have been getting tired, she settled down quite quickly for me,” his husband replied, going out to the kitchen and getting a cup of herbal tea with honey. He was hoping to get some sleep tonight, and wanted to keep away from caffeine the rest of the day.
John had to admit, that was rather a new development. And, the more he thought about it, it sounded just about perfect for the two of them. But, he wondered why he hadn't heard about this on the news - surely something this stupendous would be worldwide medical news! Then, he remembered where Sherlock had been - to the Diogenes Club, which made Number Ten Downing Street and the Houses of Parliament seem fairly superfluous as to the places where anything of consequence in the UK were actually accomplished.
“Certainly, John, anything you wish. I will take some tea and a croissant, thank you. I can see that Sherlock has been just a tad hyper since we talked about all this initially, but of course, that is not unusual for him,” commented Mycroft, smiling indulgently, as he did these days when his baby brother displayed his more eccentric behaviour. Since his brother had married John, Mycroft was more relaxed, and looked at his brother's antics with a more indulgent eye than before - possibly because it was now John who had the primary responsibility to look after Sherlock.
One morning not long after they had finished decorating their new bedroom, the door to 221B opened and Mycroft strode in, looking suspiciously like a cat with canary feathers in his mouth. When he was sat in John's chair (leaving the couple on the couch together), he reached into his coat's inner pocket and drew out several pieces of paper, which he handed across to his brother.
Mycroft looked back at his niece and smiled. “Indeed, she is, John. I think I will leave you alone for a while and get some tea - do you want me to send you anything now?”
John was sitting by the fire in his pyjamas, dressing gown, and warm slippers. He looked up as Sherlock stormed into the sitting room, removing his Belstaff with his usual flourish and hanging it up behind the door, with his scarf and gloves tucked into a pocket. He called out a quick, "Hello, John!" before quickly striding down the corridor to their bedroom, where John could soon hear Sherlock removing his clothes and heading into the shower. His flatmate-turned-husband came out into the sitting room within a half hour, freshly showered and shaved, and also clad in pyjamas and dressing gown -but in spite of the cold temperatures outside, he was barefoot. Sherlock sat on the sofa, fished his slippers out from under it, and looked earnestly at John.
“Yes, he certainly is – he's talked of little else for days. I know I am very curious, but Sherlock has taken that to a whole new level. He has been fidgeting at home for the last two weeks, so much so that I thought he'd spontaneously combust before today arrived,” John chuckled.
"All he asks is a yearly physical exam with blood and urine testing, which would be done anyway. It will further the research," answered Sherlock, now looking at John with a slightly worried expression. "Is it - not good - John? Did I do something wrong? I thought that you'd be happy to have..." he stopped talking when his husband got up from his chair, and grabbed him by the forearms and kissed him soundly on the lips. Sherlock stood there, blinking rapidly, in his re-buffering stage, as John thought of it.
“Well, you've really knocked us for six ! That's the last thing I expected to hear tonight - but I am so happy for you! I honestly can't think of anyone I'd rather see start a family, than you two. Mols and I will be happy to help if there is any way at all that we can.” Greg said, beaming. He clapped Sherlock on the back a few times, remembering the scrawny, drugged-up teenager he first met years ago. What a long way he had come...
The next morning, Sherlock and John were awake well before Mycroft was due to appear. They were dressed, although Sherlock wore his maroon dressing gown instead of a suit jacket, and having a late breakfast. John had borrowed Mrs. Hudson's larger teapot (theirs had met an unfortunate end whilst Sherlock was experimenting on something John would rather not know too much about) so they could offer Mycroft tea and a plate of fresh chocolate croissants she had baked that morning (although she was
Later, the Holmes parents phoned back, and again wanted to see and hear all about what Sheri was doing and how her evaluations went. John assured them that everything was normal and that she was eating well, and everything seemed to be working properly, as changing her many nappies proved. Mummy was knitting yet another small jumper and leggings set for the cooler weather ahead. Sherlock and John were quite amused, and said that Sheri would be the most fashionable child ever seen in London at this rate. Mummy just grinned, pleased and so happy for her boys. Since John had no family left except for Harry, who drifted in and out of his life as her addiction problems waxed and waned, the Holmes parents had informally “adopted” John, besides welcoming him as Sherlock's spouse. John was at first a bit overwhelmed by this, as he had never expected to be so loved by his in-laws, but he soon adjusted and enjoyed the family interaction he had so sorely missed after his parents had passed.
This work was not beta-read, all mistakes are mine alone. PLease leave a comment, I love to read them.
After showers, they both went into the sitting room in their pyjamas and dressing gowns, and curled up on the couch together to watch some telly. John chose Dr. Who, and Sherlock sat through it indulgently, lying on the couch with his head in John's lap. It was his favourite way to “watch” since it meant that his sweetheart would run his hands through the curls, and Sherlock could doze off again. Of course, he wasn't fooling John with this at all. A while later, John was shaking Sherlock's shoulder and saying, “Wake up and come to bed, Sherlock, it'll be freezing here later. Come on, you wanker, it's after 11!” Sherlock rose and stretched, and followed his husband back to their bedroom.
Sherlock would never have supposed he'd be content to be a stay-at-home father, yet he was. Oddly, the prospect of raising their daughter was challenge and reward all in one. He was kept busy thinking of new ways to engage Sheri in learning new things, and
“All right, then, you great giraffe, budge over some, I can't fit with you taking up the whole couch! Anthea sent us some links for shops for us to look at online as far as the furniture goes - why don't we take a look at that, yeah?” John asked, grabbing Sherlock's laptop and sitting it onto his own lap and bringing up the page from the first furniture shop and selecting baby and nursery items from the menu.
As for Sheri, she was growing by leaps and bounds. Sherlock spent time each day with her lying on her belly, and offering her different toys, that he thought were essential. She seemed to love the music that was nearly always playing in the flat, and focussed keenly when Papa played his violin for her. John loved watching this, as her expression was so much like Sherlock when she did this, her tiny brows furrowing in exactly the same way, her hands constantly working like his, unable to be completely still. He only saw Sherlock when he looked at her, and he was more than happy with that.
"Well, I have come from seeing Mycroft, but not from setting anything on fire, nor anything else evil, I can assure you – although, that chocolate laxative thing..." Sherlock answered, still looking pleased with himself over something. "John, what is the one thing we have talked about that we'd love to have in our lives, but has been impossible for us so far?"
Sherlock nodded, for once not saying a word, still feeling a little overwhelmed. He finished his juice, was seen by the doctor, and was discharged within the next hour. Mycroft's car was waiting to take them and Mrs. Hudson back to Baker Street.
While they ate, they talked about what they would tell Mrs. Hudson about the baby. Of course, they had some time, since the process hadn't even started, but they both thought a little more time was better than springing the news on her too late. They decided that they would say they had wanted to try having a child, and would be looking for a suitable woman to be their surrogate, with Mycroft's help. Sherlock knew his older brother could be tediously precise in his interpretation of the laws, but he also loved his little brother and Mrs. Hudson, who often baked some extra for him when she thought he might be stopping by. She was, after all, like their second mother, and always called them “her boys.” The fact that Mrs. Hudson would never actually see the woman was not all that odd, for them.
Sherlock chose a quiet little Vietnamese place, with many excellent dishes. Martha had only had this cuisine twice before, and she relished the thought of trying something new. When they both had settled on their choices, they had tea while they waited. They had selected
They walked through the door behind Sherlock, who of course knew exactly where to go, and wound their way through several lab areas until they reached the ectogenesis device. Inside, floating and looking adorable (Okay, John admitted to himself, he was a tiny bit biased), was a baby girl, eyes closed and fingers and hands clenched tightly at the moment. Her skin was very red, the blood vessels showing through. She was a bit larger than an avocado, he'd estimate. Her nails were just beginning to form (he could see her toes), and there were faint lines on her scalp where hair would soon be growing, but no colour could be determined as yet. She was listening to Sherlock's violin and seeming to enjoy it, (well, maybe John was reading a bit into it) swaying slightly in the liquid surrounding her. Her eyes were nearly at the front of her face, and John knew they would soon settle into their permanent places. Her nose was still a small nub, so the shape couldn't be guessed very accurately - at this point, it might look like either of their noses. Her mouth opened and closed occasionally, and her legs moved in the liquid also. John knew that if this were a 'normal' pregnancy, that the first kicks would soon be felt. She was absolutely gorgeous, he thought.
Angelo was delighted to see them, as always. The place was quiet, since it was still a bit early for the bulk of the dinner crowd. John sat down and looked at the menu, although he knew what he wanted. He loved anything that Angelo made, and knew that cooking for them was his delight when they came in. When Angelo offered to make them something special, John said yes, and Sherlock ordered one of his usual dishes, pasta with a light marinara sauce and a salad. Since they had been together, Sherlock did make more of an effort to eat better and more often, a new trait for which John was grateful. Only if there was a case numbering high on his arbitrary scale, would Sherlock go back to his ways of skipping meals, and it showed in the fact that his ribs were not always threatening to poke through his shirts, although he remained a slim man. John had a feeling once the baby was here, Sherlock would be glad for a chance to have coffee and a meal. John knew that
“I see that Sherlock is going ahead of us - he must be very keen!” Dr. Stapleton commented with a slight smirk, watching as Sherlock got further ahead of the two of them.
Sherlock had already sussed out the location of baby girls' clothing and was making a beeline for it. By the time John got there, he was busily searching through the clothes, and had amassed a small pile on the table in front of him. The area he was searching at present was full of sleep-suits. Sherlock had put aside ones in turquoise, pink, and peach, and was looking at others as John walked over to him, after sneaking a photo on his mobile. They ended up with a half dozen in various shades and prints, then Sherlock headed for the dresses.
Sherlock sighed and opened his kindle to continue the novel he was reading. He was sat in an armchair out of the centre of the room, so that those who were watching the telly could see more clearly. He was also on the side nearest their bedroom, so he could hear Sheri if she woke...
For his part, Sherlock was soon dreaming, again, of what their child might look like. He was sure it would look like John - why wouldn't it? – John was the much better-looking one, after all. If there were a way to ensure that happened - he'd ask Dr. Stapleton tomorrow...
Angelo must have overheard the word, “baby” and made the obvious leap that they were adopting or using a surrogate, as he soon returned with two servings of cake with vanilla ice cream, and coffee. He was beaming from ear to ear and said,
The new rugs had been bought and installed, and made an immediate improvement in the atmosphere of the flat. They were a neutral medium grey colour, with a subtle ivory geometric pattern, and brightened the flat immensely. New curtains and sheers had also been purchased to coordinate with the the rugs, and the sheers lent the sitting room a new airiness, whilst keeping out prying eyes. The damask wallpaper with the smiley face had been replaced by a paper with a subtler pattern in grey and accents of deep red and navy, which went well with the wall by the fireplace. The remaining walls in the sitting room had been painted with a soft, silvery grey. The corridor leading from the kitchen area back to their bedroom had also been re-papered and looked much brighter. A new cooker and fridge stood in the kitchen. While they were making so many changes, John and Sherlock put a fresh coat of a medium teal paint on the walls of their bedroom, and went shopping online for new sheets and a duvet cover, and new curtains as well. Altogether, the flat looked almost new, and the boys were well pleased with it and themselves. Mrs. Hudson was delighted - for once, the boys had improved the place, rather than nearly destroy it!
Mrs. Hudson was enjoying herself, too. She and Violet had been neighbours when they were both still single, and she had known Sherlock since he was a baby himself. She spent a few minutes catching up with her friend Violet on the news in their lives. She was clearly happy to be included among the family, as Sheri's honorary grandmother.
"So, my love, what have you been up to, then? Planting firecrackers in your brother's letterbox? Paying his housekeeper to short-sheet him? Melting that chocolate laxative into his tea cakes again? You look too diabolical to have been doing anything other than driving your big brother round the twist," John said, looking quite amused with his husband of nearly two years.
“Mummy says she looks so much like you, Sherlock – and she does. I remember distinctly when you were born. Thin and long - and she looks like she will take after you in that respect. The hair is quite like yours, as well, although much lighter, like John's colouring. Perhaps we will be fortunate, in that she may have your looks, but John's temperament,” said Mycroft in a teasing tone. Both Sherlock and John grinned at that.
John just could not believe his eyes. Sherlock, who usually hated anything to do with shopping (unless it was having new clothes made-to-measure for himself or John), was obviously having a good time with this. John began looking as well, and altogether they chose six dresses, also - in a couple of different sizes, as with the sleep-suits.
Sherlock's parents had surprised them with a battery-operated swing, and Sheri loved it, often falling asleep in it after some music. That was also terribly helpful when they needed to fold laundry, and get other things done, like shower... They also learnt why new parents were so happy to get some time alone, without an infant interrupting their every chance at intimacy. Some of those 'date nights' were spent in their bedroom in 221B...
“It's no trouble at all, we'll just pop over in the next few days and do it then, and send them over to the surrogate,” Sherlock answered his mother with a grin, as he realised how happy that had made her. He kept the discussion of the possibilities of another child to himself for now - best see how they got on with just Sheri!
"Sherlock, dear – are you all right? Come on now, try and take a deep breath and hold it in for few seconds. Now, let it out very slowly – that's it. And again – is it helping at all? Where is John today, love - is he at the clinic? Do you want me to phone him – Sherlock?" she flagged their waiter down, and asked if the owner could come out. Binh Cà appeared and took one look at Sherlock, calling for his wife as he called 999.
By the time that John woke up an hour later, Sherlock was almost bursting with excitement, his hands and feet keeping a steady rhythm on the floor and table. He didn't want to wake John with the violin, so he settled for quietly 'drumming' on any available surface. Dr. Stapleton had also said in her email that if they wanted, they could come up and see the developing foetus in a few weeks. Sherlock knew they should talk about it and decide, but he thought they would probably wait and go up for the 16 week mark, when they could find out the baby's sex - if they didn't specify - should they specify? Why hadn't he thought about that?
— Work tomorrow does not come, -  the Lieutenant looked at his subordinates, — relax, Sunday — view. Although there is no. I give you two days off but try to stay alive these days.
- As soon as you finish it, — Mick carefully chewed a shrimp, eyes closed in pleasure. Then, as if remembering something, opened his eyes and looked at Kabayashi-Sensei, said,  - Hello, Toushi — sama.
— Полагаю, Дайсуке мне об этом и расскажет, — безмятежно ответил Мик, — не парься. Если бы эта угроза касалась Чайна Тауна, он бы с нами не поделился. Но угроза касается лично меня, и это не его дело… пока. Давай-ка заедем в одно местечко, мне надо подумать.
Но только Саманта вышла на крылечко участка — её убили. Один выстрел в голову. Неизвестные пристрелили бы и Джека, но кто-то или что-то им помешало.
— Какой такой покойник? — Макс подошел, пробрался сквозь машины и, точно, нашел покойника, вооруженного военной Береттой. На груди покойника расплывалось алое пятно.
— Неприлично будет, если мы с тобой на оргии окажемся. А пока делай вид, что у тебя все под контролем. А то я вижу, что контроль твоего чертога разума уже утерялся…
— Не надо, — остановил её Мик, — я уверен, что ты уже в курсе. Я должен сам выяснить, что тут происходит.
— Hey, Mick! Hey, Max! — asked  Joe, -  we came as soon as I got the message from Diana. You can congratulate you. You just closed the case on missing persons and human meat in restaurants! The article will be released in the morning.
The nervous type, on the rights of Jamuel Loreti, lived in a small house with an abundance of columns and cornices. He lived on the second floor. Mick skidded to a stop next to the barred gate and pressed the button for security.
— Проблемы еще не начинались, — возразил Дайсуке, — во-первых, домой, после освобождения Мика, мы не вернемся, а поедем на одну из моих конспиративных квартир. Во — вторых, тебе придётся ничего не говорить лейтенанту и вообще соблюдать молчание. В-третьих, за нами пойдет охота.
— Нет, Мик был в Лондоне совсем недавно, — ответил сероглазый парень, — он проводил там какое-то свое расследование.
— Это тогда, когда мы, как придурки, по крышам скакали? — с видимым сомнением сказал Джон, — но доктор ведь сказал, что это были массовые галлюцинации…
The guys looked at brought. It was a piece of meat a reddish-brown color with a few streaks of yellowish fat.
— Меня товар не интересует, я хочу узнать про Мика, и пока я не смогу удостоверится, что этот новенький знает хоть что-то, я ничего не буду делать. А я чувствую, что он скрывает некую информацию.
-Is ...., - Bert hesitated, - my father. He likes to drink, especially in this weather. Six months ago killed his friend. Someone began to kill the drunken people. And my friend's father was among the victims of this killer. And yesterday my dad came home from work and went back in the rain. And... I went for it. I was afraid that the father will become the next victim of a maniac...
- Stone call, I guess, — Joe, not quite touching, staring at the little circle, — and very much evil. One I can handle. You, Mick, can I thank for the invaluable help.
Да, Джо знала, как себя подать в различных ситуациях, но учитывая, что они ехали в замок читать старые летописи, Джо предпочла надеть черные джинсы, клетчатую рубашку, черно-белые кроссовки Адидас и короткую ветровку черно-желто-белого цвета. Шерлок был в черных джинсах, слегка потрепанной фиолетовой рубашке, в синей куртке и синих же кроссовках.
— Ну, просто в один момент мне понабилась помощь. Лейтенант мне оказал посильную, но этого оказалось недостаточно, поэтому меня свели с ними…
— You see, you depend on me more than I from you, — Mick opened his eyes, got up, picked up the coat, - brushed it, don't worry. I still want to live, I live. Come on, we at the station waiting. And dark became.
— Не служишь, — согласился лейтенант, — но ты сейчас присматриваешь за моим человеком, а это значит, что ты как бы работаешь на нас, то есть на меня.
-About Florida listened! Now let's move to Hawaii. There is now warm and well. Meet Beatty Omit "The girl from Honolulu".
На Эппл — стрит было тихо. Владелец ломбарда встретил ребят удивленным взглядом, но выдал очень скудную информацию. По его словам выходило, что тетушка Цубаса и дядюшка Вонг не пожелали предоставить помещение для подпольного аукциона, а Большой Брат Бонзаза прибрал шар себе. И, насколько, владелец помнил, аукцион должен был состояться в следующее воскресение, а вот где и когда — увы.
— Well, only for the rich. Either a Charter flight or on Intercontinental paragliding tickets to take. You know how expensive it is?
-I did some tests, - began Margaret,  to start Seles now hands, -and found some amazing things. First, the first skeleton belongs to a young girl. Because the skull is missing, I had to carefully study the bones. And you know, she fused phalanges great, and ring fingers on his right hand.
— Мне интересно, почему ты согласился на совершенно другое дело? — спросил Джон, — мы ведь ехали за другим?
— Хай! Калифорнийцы! Погода нас не радует, но я с вами! — восторженный голос ди-джея наполнил джип, — с утра льет дождь и прогноз неутешителен! Всю неделю дождь и ветер. Чтобы вам было хорошо, прослушайте, пожалуйста, композицию — «Night Miami».
— I'm scared — admitted Max, -  as soon as I saw it. I thought that you... — Max guiltily looked down and a few minutes studying the stones.
- She jodo. There you can get everything except the prostitutes. She holds the school of the geisha.
- A bunch of healthy, - said Max,-as the rain is not one of the no scavenger. How this bunch of lying here?
— Я присмотрю новые возможности расширить свой бизнес. У меня есть пара заказчиков, которые хотят получить некоторые вещи из личного пользования Геринга и Гиммлера. Но чтобы эти вещи достать, нужно очень много денег и времени. А я по своим каналам узнавал, что где-то в Финляндии есть человек, который владеет информацией по поводу некоторых данных Третьего Рейха.
— Нет уж, — Шерлок улыбнулся, — я с тобой. Нет сил, есть — это все неважно. Я — твой друг, твой парень… и где это видано, чтобы парень бросал девушку на произвол судьбы. Знаешь, мне сегодня кошмар приснился….
— Нет, — Макс оскорбился, — как ты мог такое подумать? Я за тебя боюсь. Этот Голго всех перестреляет и за тебя возьмется!
— Возможно, но пока не доказано. Я проверю, — Дайсуке встал, прошел в комнату, где лежал Мик, наклонился над ним, положил руку ему на грудь, — иди спать, Макс. Я покараулю.
— Мой друг не привык к столь откровенному показу женской плоти, — небрежно заметила Джо, начиная резать жаркое из куропатки.
Китаец что-то пропищал, Роджер, не выпуская китайца из рук, резво зашагал вглубь Маленького Китая. Парни поехали за ним. Все население Чайна-тауна внезапно куда-то исчезло.
— Знаю, — Джо зарыла свое лицо на груди Шерлока и услышала, как прерывисто стучит его сердце, — давай-ка ляг и поспи. Ты весь дрожишь. По-моему, эта шлюха тебя основательно напугала.
— А теперь я приведу тебя к капищу, — Ульриха поскакала по еле заметной тропке, уводящей в дубовый лес. Она прыгала, груди ритмично взлетали, ягодицы, обтянутые тирольскими штанишками, колыхались. Джо поспешила за ней.
— Тогда я с вами, — и Роджер стал влезать в машину на заднее сидение. Родж был одет в белые брюки и черную майку с изображением крокодила. Он утрамбовался на заднем сидении и принялся разглагольствовать о преимуществах жизни на болотах в окружении крокодилов и змей. И дальнейший путь проходил под радостные воспоминания Роджера.
— Он отправляется в прошлое, ворует там те документы, которые все равно сгинут в огне войн или костров и заказывает копии того, что может просто исчезнуть, потеряться. Супер, — она посмотрела на Иванса, — потрясающе. С музеями работать не пробовали?
Обещанное местечко оказалось большим одноэтажным домом. Мик припарковался на спецстоянке, и они с Максом прошли к большой двери. За дверью — большой вестибюль и черноусый тип за стойкой.
— Что мы имеем? — спросила высокая девушка. У неё были черные с синим отливом короткие волосы. Одета она была в среднюю юбку, жакет и туфли. Все синего цвета, — мы в курсе, что за Меллоуном гоняется Голго 13.
Мик вел машину, следуя сигналу с браслета Макса. Ни Макса, ни беглеца не было видно. Они благополучно затерялись в переплетении улиц. Мик увидел, что огонек на панели замигал ярко-зеленым светом. Это означало, что Макс остановился. Мик подвел машину к этому месту. Припарковал джип и, с револьвером наизготовку, вышел из машины. Подкрался к переулку и осторожно заглянул в него. Тип с ружьем держал Макса на мушке. Они стояли крайне неудобно. Мик не мог выстрелить в бандита, потому что Макс стоял на траектории пули. Мик сморгнул. Серебро залило его глаза. И Мик увидел, КАК можно спасти напарника. Сморгнул еще раз, серебряная пленка ушла, и Мик прыгнул вверх. И в высокой точки своей траектории он выстрелил. Бандит рухнул с простреленной головой. Мик приземлился на согнутые ноги, убрал револьвер и подошел к ошарашенному Максу.
— So I have this suit, granddaughter. So this guy told us that he bought the snow medallion on sale, this one that you showed me, and it always carried with him.
— Снежана звонила. Говорит, практические занятия в автошколе отменили, отправилась по магазинам. А что у тебя?
— Если этот тип изучает общество Туле, то возможно, он связан с оккультизмом? — протянул Шерлок, которого не радовала перспектива гоняться за спятившим немцем по всей Германии.
Капли били в брезентовый верх Horch 853 Sport Cabriolet. Это был очень элегантный автомобиль по меркам тридцатых годов двадцатого столетия, но в середине двадцать первого века весь его вид вызывал смущение по поводу чудачеств хозяина данного автомобиля.
— Я тут изучил показания патрульного и свидетеля, — начал лейтенант, — думаю, что ничего страшного не будет, если вы пока отложите этот запредельный висяк и займетесь этим скелетом.
— А вот это мы сегодня и узнаем. Я знаю тут солидный магазин, который торгует вечерними нарядами для джентльменов и леди. Мы должны быть не просто на высоте, а на самой вершине. Нам не надо набиваться в ближайшие друзья этого арийца, но мы должны стать близким друзьями…
— Да, но бывают времена, когда помощь врагов столь же неоценима, как и верность друзей… И дядюшка Вонг, как и тетушка Цубаса самые полезные люди. А еще Большой Брат Бонзаза и Хитрован Хуан.
— Не получиться, — весело ответила Джо, — разгадка тайны в фундаменте дома, где помещается фабрика. Даже не в нем, а что под ним. Сходи-ка, ты, Мик в библиотеку и почитай там статью Джарвиса Прентила «О древних сказаниях Новой Земли». Статья опубликована десять лет назад в Нью-Йорк Таймс.
-  Why? I blame that left you and gone, but it won't happen again. Though it may be, I will disappear, only for a while,-  Mick opened one eye, - will not miss.
Article found Joe, they found pretty quickly. Having the binder in his hands, they sat at the table and began to study it.
— А с каких пор ты вдруг озаботился денежной наградой киллеров? — Мик посмотрел на приятеля и улыбнулся, — или хочешь составить им компанию?
— Good day to you, Jamal! We would relax, — Mick pulled out the credit card and laid it on the counter.
— Бедняга мертв. А судя по первым словам экспертов, перед смертью он выблевал половину своих внутренностей.
— Ничего страшного, — Мик криво улыбнулся напарнику, — телепатия — это не моя стезя… Привет, девочки!
Even with a warrant, the guys could not manage to get to the Chinese. Maybe due to the fact that, despite the swirling clouds, the sun shone with all his strength, and all the bandits climbed out. No sooner had they driven away from the Prosecutor's office, on the road SUDDENLY there was a traffic jam. Somewhere ahead of someone who faced something. And bypass, did not succeed. In front of and behind, left and right were the car. Angry drivers honked, swore.
— Okay, — Mick pulled holography, folded them like a fan and threw them Wong. The servant caught them and laid them on the table. Max thought of holography floating in the air. Wong put down the Cup and opened his eyes. And then it turned out that he is blind. Running on the decomposition of golografia fingers, he was suddenly chirped some of them. Mick caught the thrown and folded in his pocket. Fifteen golografii left to lie in front of the Wong.
— Кто-то, — Дайсуке достал сигарету, размял её и закурил, — Мик что-то видел, и это чуть не стоило ему жизни. Но, зная Мика, могу с уверенностью сказать, что как только он очнется, мы выйдем из игры.
«Deep-sea crab» располагался в двухэтажном доме за пару десятков метров от пристани. В подвале — собственно бар, а сверху жилые помещения. Первый этаж — типа хостела, а на втором — жил сам хозяин. Имя этого мужика знали только Мик и бывший напарник Джек Скотт, а для всех остальных — Капитан Харлок. Наличествовали все главные атрибуты — шрам на лице и видимое отсутствие глаза. Глаз — то был, а шрам был получен в ножевой драке. Кроме него в баре работали трое — две разбитных девицы и вечно сумрачный тип, откликающийся на имя Ямма.
— Ну, только для богатых. Либо чартерным рейсом, либо на межконтинентальный параплан билеты взять. Знаешь, как это дорого?
— Макс тебе недолюбливает, — сообщил лейтенант, — но я не против. У вас больше шансов найти ребят, если вы будете работать сообща.
- Well, it, - Lu went back to Mick`s,  - now you will sit here. Your friends, when you come, you can take a bottle and drink.
— Я — Ре, — широкоплечий парень в красной майке, — ну, меня и Каори ты знаешь, — и расплылся в широкой улыбке.
— Да. Работы предстоит немало, — улыбнулся Шерлок и отправился принимать ванну, чтобы привести свои чертоги разума в порядок.
— Мы будем тебя отслеживать по браслету, а тот парень, с которым ты будешь работать — его зовут Харуха Сигуми. Он наполовину японец, наполовину француз. Довольно занятный тип, но хороший оперативник.
Только вышли в пасмурный день, даже к машине еще не подошли. Вдруг нарисовался человек с автоматом Томпсона. Первым делом дал очередь поверх голов. Народ резво дал деру, благо улица была забита всякими кафешками и бутиками. Но кто-то в испуге попадал на асфальт и в ужасе застыл. Через минут двадцать стояли только трое — тип с автоматом и Мик с Максом.
Мик прислушался, потом оставил это бесполезное занятие и попытался определить, что и как. После некоторых усилий выяснилось, что руки крепко связаны за спиной от локтя до запястий. Ноги тоже связаны. И еще немного ноет затылок. Мик попытался вспомнить. Он отравился по зову природы. Первая прогулка прошла хорошо, а когда он возвращался, ему кто-то хорошенько врезал.
— Nothing gods, and the wind, — reasonably noticed Max, — your dragon swayed in the wind, Mick, and your car?
— Нам нужно кто-нибудь, кто опознает этих людей, — Мик вытащил и разложил голографии на ближайшем столе.
— Гигант! — оценивающе сказала Джо, а сама подумала: — «если это применят, то даже Мик не сможет ничего сделать. Не успеет».
А новый день ознаменовался гибелью Джока в больнице. Ему кто-то ввел яд, и бедняга умер. Это была первая ласточка. Второй ласточкой оказался взрыв машины Саманты Джобс. Но адская машинка сработала не вовремя, владелицы не оказалось в машине. Видя такое дело, Джек напрямую арестовал Саманту и привез её под крылышко Роджера. После трех часов допроса она призналась во всем. Джек был в шоке, но главную вещь она не сказала. Она не сказала имя главного и не смогла внятно объяснить, зачем им пришлось убирать Мика.
- Mr. Francis now lives on the other side of the Bay, in a nursing home. At the intersection of 29th Avenue and Fulton street. You will find it quickly. This moss-covered stone house with porch.
Мик посмотрел ему вслед, собрал все материалы, которые они нарыли в течение дня, в скоросшиватель, отсканировал и напечатал тридцать голографий. Оригиналы вложил в папку, а копии сунул во внутренний карман куртки.
The gate swung open, and the jeep entered the courtyard. Around the yard was a small colonnade, the type of the portico. Mick drove up to it and parked.
— Инсульт, — буднично ответила Саеко, — теперь я так понимаю, можно возвращаться. Награду мы за тебя сняли, этот — мертв.
— Sehr gut. Mein Gast schon müde und Suche eine Möglichkeit, aus dem Turm entkommen. Lassen wir Sie in Ruhe. Kann ich jetzt wieder in den Turm, und du gehst mit Robotern. (Очень хорошо. Мой гость уже устал и ищет возможность вырваться из башни. Мы оставляем их в покое. Я возвращаюсь в башню, а ты иди с роботами).
На пятом этаже горел свет, а лифта тут не предусматривалось. Дверь была простая. И звонок отсутствовал. Джо постучала по косяку. Дверь распахнулась. На пороге стоял молодой парень с каштановыми волосами, одетый в черную рубашку и черные джинсы.
“I see no problem with that, as long as you say that you have arranged to have a child using a surrogate, which is not completely a lie. When we know who will provide the sperm cells, you will know what to say as far as that goes if you wish to divulge that much information. Thank you for bringing that up; it will make things seem more – err – mundane - than it actually will be.
The next morning, Sherlock opened his laptop to find a message from Dr. Stapleton. It was much the same information that his brother had told them, and asking which of them would provide which cells. When John got up, he'd ask him. Since neither of them had any genetically carried diseases, it shouldn't matter too much, but he wanted them both to be satisfied with the choice. As long as he wasn't to be called “Mummy,” Sherlock didn't mind, to be honest, smirking a bit at just the thought. He rather thought he might weather it better than John, though, who was sometimes rather fiercely masculine. After all, he was the one who had sworn he was “not gay” for so long. To be fair, neither he nor John were really sure that term fitted either one of them. They both loved each other madly, but they didn't really seem to fancy any other men -
John next wanted to see about a car safety seat, so they went onto another site Anthea had emailed over. Again, there were a plethora of designs and features – both Sherlock and John decided to ask Molly and Greg about these, too. Then, when they had narrowed the seats they liked down to a few, they'd ask Anthea to check to be sure they met all the current recommended standards for safety.
Finally, both John and Sherlock were yawning, and decided it was time for bed. Sherlock fixed them each a final cup of tea and brought it into the bedroom with him. They turned on the telly in their room and watched the late newscast, both of them falling asleep while the reader was still giving the weather forecast for the next day. Sherlock woke in the night to go out and get a drink and turned the telly off. John was sleeping soundly, and never heard Sherlock leave the room. Sherlock got his juice and went into the sitting room, playing his violin softly after finishing his drink. He rummaged around in his desk and finally found the mute that he knew he had bought a long time ago, but rarely used, and placed it over the strings. He paged through his sheet music, finding a few lullabies he hadn't played in a long while, and set them up on the music stand. Sherlock ran through a few of them before returning to bed, slipping an arm around John as he lay back down and tried to sleep. By the time John finally awoke, he was happy to be surrounded by the various splayed limbs of his husband, who often slept as though he were an octopus, entangling himself with John.
"Come on, John, time for bed - Mycroft will be here disgustingly early, I know he will. I told him eleven, but I know he will appear before then, just for spite. Still, I suppose we'll have to suffer through his tedious explanations and whatnot, or he won't approve us for the study. He really would do anything to avoid being forced to reproduce, even make us happy while he's about it."
"Sherlock, I will be there to help you both with whatever I can - truly. Don't start obsessing over every little thing, it does not have to be decided or finished today. I know it is difficult for you not to overthink things, but I have no doubt that you will make a fine parent. Just give yourself some time to adjust to all this. It is very fortunate you have some months to get acclimated. I'll make certain you both receive regular, weekly updates on the baby once things get started properly. Will that help, do you think? And you know that Mummy and Dad would just love to help with getting the flat ready, all you have to do is ask. Mummy will love the thought of getting to spend more time with you, and to feed you both up a bit," said Mycroft. He hated to see Sherlock looking so defeated and, frankly, scared. He had been so excited all along so far. He really needed to stop doubting himself so much sometimes. For all that he often came off as arrogant to people who didn't know him, his baby brother could be very unsure of himself at heart.
“All right, you two - let's see the little darling!” cooed Sherlock's mother, while his dad watched with anticipation as well. Sherlock took the set of pictures that had been prepared for them from his inner coat pocket and set them down on the coffee table. Mummy took them up and looked at them eagerly, and whooped when she saw what she was looking at.
John slept straight through until the next time Sheri woke up, which made Sherlock happy. He had fed her, changed her again, and after placing her carefully in the cot, he also lay down and returned to sleep. At least they had got some sleep their first night as parents - he was sure that wouldn't always be the case.
John had noticed that when Sheri was approaching four, Sherlock seemed to be more and more preoccupied with something. He didn't say anything to John, but was obviously thrashing something about in that great brain, until John just cornered him one night and asked him outright. Sherlock avoided looking into his face and tried to change the subject, but John was adamant that he
bit. He put his empty plate in the sink, walked over to the sofa, nose in the air, hummed and stretched out on it, feigning irritation - not very convincingly. He did like his hair, but only when it was tamed for the day. Getting it there was another thing entirely, as John well knew by now. He didn't know how they'd manage a little one with a riot of curls.
“Hush, John - you know I only forgot to label a specimen twice - or so...” Sherlock said, slightly put out by the comment. “Oh, and Mrs. H, could you please not mention it to anyone yet? We're going to tell my parents and John's sister as soon as we've decided on a surrogate - it may take a little time to find the right person.”
John sat on the bed and drank his juice, and made his own trip to the loo. He then climbed into what was now his side of the bed, and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, and smiled as the detective snuggled closer. He grinned as he noted that the man who used to go days without sleep, now settled down and was off to sleep in a few minutes, most days. Of course, they might both need to cultivate that going without sleep habit again, soon. As he drifted off, there was a smile on his face, and he dreamed about what their child might look like - he was seeing a boy with dark curls. Or maybe, a little girl in frilly dresses and a riot of curls. Either way, he hoped they would have Sherlock's beautiful curly locks, and his tall, slim frame - he was gorgeous and any child of his could be a runway model, if they wished. Then he giggled softly at the thought of Sherlock sashaying down a runway in
After Sheri's evening feed, Sherlock put away the violin, and went into the loo to change his clothes, coming out in pyjamas and a dressing-gown, and slippers. John changed also, and they went to bed, a bit nervous that they wouldn't hear their daughter stir. In spite of this, they both dropped off quickly, and slept while Sheri did. She had barely started snuffling in her cot when Sherlock heard her and sat straight up, found his slippers, and went over to his daughter. He checked and changed her nappy, and proceeded to give her the next feeding of formula. John stirred, but Sherlock just shushed him and he turned over and settled back to sleep.
finally got his name sorted!) were doing an exceptional job of raising Emily and looked to them for advice. John was happy that someone so close to them was a role model - he also thought they were brilliant as parents. In addition, they were physically close to Baker Street, so a 'consulting' trip was easy enough, if need be.
After the meal, there was one of Mummy's home-made Victoria Sponge cakes, which everyone enjoyed with coffee. Sherlock, of course, had no problem making room for the sweet dish. It was a good thing he ran around the city so much, or his fondness for sweets would catch up to him one day, thought John.
“ - would make mincemeat of them if they dared say anything! I agree, Sherlock, private classes will give us a chance to be completely honest about our concerns without commentary by any of the other attendees - it'd just be easier and more pleasant, as well,” John finished his sentence, as he often did. When had they started doing that, he wondered. Sherlock probably knew exactly when, he'd have to ask him later. John
With the baby down for a nap, the rest of the family went into the dining room where Mummy had laid a beautiful table. From the aroma coming from the kitchen, they knew she had made a lovely beef roast, with all the trimmings. John was especially glad to see that Sherlock ate well, as he usually did at his mother's. He really must get her to share some more recipes with him. They ate entirely too much takeaway, and he was sure that eating more healthily would be good for both of them now that they needed their energy for the baby as well as cases.
Gary and Billy were told they had some projects to observe for Sherlock's brother, who was some government official; so they wouldn't wonder why they showed up more often. As with most things, if it was told with conviction, it was seldom questioned. After a lovely dinner, they went back to their room, had a long soak in the tub, made love, and then snuggled together in their bed, starting to talk about names in a very general way, now that they knew she was a little girl. They slept very well before their return to London the next day. They both dreamed of their daughter, floating serenely in her plastic and metal womb.
Sherlock and John had settled in to the realities of life with a newborn. They had learned most of Sheri's cries and some tried and true methods of soothing her, and were actually getting a decent amount of sleep most nights. Sherlock was especially adept at soothing her when she was upset, something that John was still just a tad jealous over. She was generally a good sleeper, and had her longest sleep at night - a minor miracle in itself, according to Molly and everyone who had children.
John and Sherlock entered Dr. Stapleton's lab area. She was working at a microscope, but turned and greeted them when she saw them coming through the door. She was smiling.
"Really, brother - you haven't done this in a long while. What was it today?" asked Mycroft, with his usual concerned look.
“Yes, that would be great, actually - even if it is just once or twice, it'd be very interesting. I can imagine it, but seeing would be amazing. Of course, I'd like to visit. One other thing, Mycroft, before you go. Can we say anything at all about the baby? To prepare at least Mrs. Hudson and Molly and Greg -” John added.
— Ты можешь стать следующим, — упрекнул его Фред Косторович, — даже если ты уже у меня не работаешь, это не значит, что я не несу за тебя ответственность… А потерять двух детективов за раз…
Did not have time to go to their tables as the Lieutenant leaned out and politely asked both to come to him.
— Да, — ответил Мик, внимательно глядя на этих странных товарищей, — мне кажется, что одного из них я знаю, но хоть убей, не помню, где я его видел.
— У нас есть признательные показания, но нет подозреваемых, — сказал лейтенант вечером, сидя в «Deep-sea crab», — Джека надо выводить из игры.
— …а тут значит приходит неизвестный тип с серпом и — раз… Большой Билл валится на пол. Кровь хлещет, а голова откатилась, — увлеченно рассказывал бармен в ирландском пабе на Семидесятой улице благодарным слушателям, — и тут входит китаец и несет шар…. И вся кровь устремилась к шару.
— Еще чего, — вскинулся Макс, потом искоса посмотрел на Мика, вздохнул, — ты прав. Я боюсь. И эта боязнь сводит меня с ума. Я… смогу закрыть тебя от пули, но эта цена… будет СЛИШКОМ высока…
— Не уверен, — фыркнул Макс, — некоторое время назад поступило сообщение, что кое-где некие личности убивают крокодилов….
Brilliant blue with a low rise and black lenses. Beautiful, just very expensive. Neither Mick`s nor Max`s didn't have the means to buy this car.
Wong  the rest of holography and started drinking tea, showing that the audience was over. The guys went to the exit, but then Wong looked up and loudly said:
Mick walked to the bar and sat down so that it could be seen the staircase which led from the door to the bar. The master brought the kettle and a mug.
- These three, — Kabayashi pointed to the first pile, — came to me last year sometime in the spring. I remembered them because they behaved very respectfully. And these three,  - Kabayashi nodded at the second, - were before the new year. At Christmas. They talked with Sonata`s and were very happy. And what happened to them?
— Th-fuck! — Max put the Chinese on his shoulder,  -  come on down, — and even the need to call reinforcements.
— Немного знаю, — Дайсуке отпил вина, — прибыл в страну вместе с товаром. Молод, честолюбив, жесток. Фрик, но в чем это заключается, сказать не могу.
Но в США их подстерегали неудачи. В Нью-Йорке, а последняя поездка убитого была связана именно с этим городом, все знали про некую девицу из варьете, к которой коммивояжёр питал пылкие чувства. Шерлок, при содействии блюстителей закона, обнаружил пассию бедолаги и допросил её. Но она про звезду не знала, хотя сказала, что милый Уилли договаривался с одним из воротилой местного размаха о приобретении очень интересной вещи.… К сожалению, эта ниточка никуда не привела. А в Лос — Анджелес ребята попали по следующей причине. Пошли слухи о появлении алмазного шара диаметром в метр, и детективы решили проверить. Но вместо шара Шерлок встретил Мика, что его очень обрадовало, огорчило и разочаровало одновременно.
— Он под воздействием наркотика, нам надо привести его в чувство. Я открою дверь своим ключом, а ты все-таки займи оборону, на всякий случай.
— Да. Самый лучший из тех, кого я знаю, — негромко сказал Дайсуке, допивая чай, — детектив первого класса города Лос- Анджелеса. Тринадцатый полицейский участок. Мик Меллоун.
— Сейчас я скажу. Вчера вечером мне позвонил тот тип из Калифорнийского Бюро Расследований, помнишь два года назад, он работал с вами по делу безумного священника?
Дайсуке сидел на камнях, сжавшись в плотный комочек. И хотя была дивная ночь с двумя лунами, одна из которых стояла в зените, а вторая висела над горизонтом, Дайсуке этого не видел. И не слышал мерного плеска волн, и не чувствовал теплого ветерка.
Мик сложил крылья и, пробив тучи, без всплеска, вошел в черную воду. Он погружался быстро и расправил крылья достаточно глубоко. Вздохнул. Браслет давал достаточно крепкий силовой щит, чтобы и не задохнутся, и не быть раздавленным. Мик вернулся домой, досыта накупавшись, и очень быстро уснул.
— Лейтенант ушел уже. Кроме нас, только Карл и Джерри остались здесь, — просветил Макс, — я пошел в гараж, пристрою свой мотоцикл на крышу твоего джипа.
Семь тон различных порошков оказались обычным сахаром, солью, сливками, крупами, героином, кокаином и еще всякой непонятной лекарственной фигней. А три килограмма прекрасно взорвались, оставив полутораметровую воронку.
— Кажется, тебе лучше меня пришить сейчас, — сказал Мик, после двухчасового разбора случившегося, — и тогда мирные граждане перестанут попадать в неприятности.
- I'll be in you to do the Bang-Bang if you don't tell us what is beyond the wall. And I'm going to do Bang, Bang, and crack-crack your heads...
Мик открыл глаза и уставился на потолок. Полежал, подумал, протянул руку к часам. Было пять утра. А на работу только к восьми. Мик спустил ноги с кровати и оглянулся на Снежану. Та спала, широко раскинувшись, благо размеры кровати позволяли, и улыбалась во сне. Мик посмотрел на неё, ухмыльнулся, зевнул и двинул в ванную.
Дайсуке видел все это, отложив бинокль, взял снайперскую винтовку. Устроился и взял на прицел… Мика. Нападавший стоял так, что его сердце и голова как бы скрывались за телом жертвы. Но Мик прикрывал ПРАВОЙ стороной тела ЛЕВУЮ сторону нападавшего. Дайсуке выбрал точку, навороченный оптический прицел зафиксировал её. Нажал на курок. Дайсуке понабилось все мужество и вся сосредоточенность, чтобы рука не дрогнула и палец на курке не задрожал.
А дождь все хлестал и хлестал, смывая все следы… Следы преступления и пребывания. И только дождь оставлял свои следы.
— Нет, это девочки для развлечения, но не для интима. Если ты идешь в ресторан или на прием, и тебе некого взять с собой, гейши Тетушки Цубасы к твоим услугам. Умны, воспитаны, могут говорить на любые темы — от политики до полетов в космос, ибо начитаны.
— Второй внизу, — Мик еще раз посмотрел в провал, — только он в фарш превратился. У них тут гигантская мясорубка стоит. Мясо третьего сорта — рубим вместе с костями.
— То, если обычным рейсом, надо ждать его где-то в три часа дня. Если чартер — то в два часа дня, а если на параплане — то он уже должен быть в городе. Но насколько я понял, полет продолжается.
— Машину доставили! Мик, она такая красивая! Потрясающая! Сегодня у меня последний экзамен по вождению! Получу права и буду рассекать по городу!
— До моего замка осталось восемь часов, — вещал Зибельрштейн, —  но, конечно, я бы мог предоставить вам полет на самолете или проезд на поезде, но ничего не успокаивает нервы, как неспешная езда по нашим дорогам. Я просто настаиваю, чтобы вы остались погостить в моем замке… дней так пять-шесть.
— Тонкий шрам только остался, а первое время, наверное, жутко было? — Макс оторвался от созерцания нового шрама на груди Мика и быстренько разделся.
- Ruddy — it is as small, sturdy, but not chunky and not fat. She has black hair, but she's one half of the color blue. Brown eyes, ostranenie face. In one ear earring. Silver ring with a red stone. She has a fused joint of the big and ring fingers on his right hand...
К часам шести они управились и отправились на военный полигон за город. Там к ним присоединилась Джо.
Джип завелся моментально. Ничего удивительного не было. Феникс обладал довольно большим искусственным интеллектом, это в первых, а во вторых — на ручке двери располагались датчики, которые считывали отпечатки пальцев и передавали в головной компьютер машины.
— Thin scar just left, and the first time, probably, terribly there? — Max looked up from the contemplation of a new scar on his chest  Mick`s and quickly got undressed.
— Да. У меня фанерных джедайских мечей нет и нет точной копии «Черной Жемчужины». А еще бы ТАРДИС найти и всякие вещи Докторов Кто, — мечтательно произнес Иванс, ставя на стол сковороду с жареной картошкой.
Первая остановка была в психбольнице имени святого Витта. Но того парня, что привезли из участка, уже там не было. Врачи признали его вменяемым и выписали.
Туристы посовещались и решили, видимо, спросить совета. Огляделись, увидели парней и направились к ним. Макс и Мик не выглядели полицейскими. Бляхи надежно спрятаны, оружие мирно спит в кобуре, кобура — под куртками. На «Мустанге» никаких опознавательных знаков, мигалки нет. Мирная картина — два парня пьют из стаканчиков, стоя около киоска.
Мик приехал домой немного задумчивым. Теперь, когда он знал, что за угроза над ним нависла, уже не сомневался, что те, кто будут охотиться за ним, не остановятся не перед чем. Поэтому надлежало как можно быстрее убрать Снежану из города. Так и ничего не придумав за то время, пока ел и мылся, Мик пришел в спальню и залез под одеяло.
— Я не знаю, но я чувствую, что наше расследование подходит к концу, и мы вскоре увидим Мика, — ответил Джиген.
— Кто звонил? — сверху спустилась Снежана в роскошной ночнушке из черного гипюра с красными брюссельскими кружевами по подолу.
Высокий сероглазый тип и вправду был Шерлоком Холмсом, консультирующим детективом из Лондона. Он со своим неизменным блогером и лучшим другом Джоном Ватсоном прибыли в Лос — Анджелес по причине убийства некого коммивояжёра. Само по себе убийство было загадочным и жестоким. Тело бедняги было найдено на полу супружеской спальни с перерезанным горлом. На кровати лежала его жена. Она была мертва. Комната ДОЛЖНА была залита кровью, но крови не было, как и не было некого предмета, который брат убитого описывал как звездчатый многогранник. Лазуритовая звезда с метровыми лучами.
— Я провела некоторые анализы, — начала Маргарет, для начала всплеснув руками, — и установила некоторые поразительные вещи. Во-первых, первый скелет принадлежит молодой девушке. Поскольку череп отсутствует, пришлось внимательно изучить кости. И знаете, у неё сросшиеся фаланги большого и безымянного пальцев на правой руке.
*Я вызываю дух Великого и ужасного Адольфа! Давай! Да этого парня кровь, пролитая оставить этот момент, это дает тебе силу! Да твое тело будет укрепляться, если сперма мужчины будет во мне! Тебе пусть дух, когда матка этой женщины будет моей! Да наша кровь льется в тебя, как течет кровь этой жертвы в наши тела!
- Why not, — Mick smiled, — she knows how to drive a car, but on an intergalactic rules, and then she just remember.
— Guess you better kill me now, - said Mick, after a two-hour analysis of the case, -  and then civilians will stop getting in trouble.
— Я потом тебе все покажу, в выходные. Просто я подумала, а вдруг мы куда-нибудь соберемся, а у меня нет платьев для выхода.
— They are alive, but they are now sitting on the street. When they're done, you will understand what happened...
— Естественно, — ухмыльнулся Иванс, — с прошлым всегда так, но я брал только то, что могло погибнуть или могло быть уничтожено… а для всего остального я … заказывал копии.
— No. Uncle... got it, playing cards, -  niece stared at guys, — the cube... was... alive. If you know what I mean.
- "...in some places, new cities on the New Earth they find some artifacts belonging to a long extinct race who lived on this planet. I witnessed how the workers who built the house, dug out of the ground stele about two meters long and a meter wide. It was made from an unknown metal and gleamed as if just emerged from the hands of a blacksmith. I carefully examined her and saw that she was covered in something like cuneiform. But at that moment I didn't know the language, and hastened to pass the stele in the Museum of a "Vanished Civilization". After a while I found a way to read the inscription on the stele. And there was the story about the monster GU-Chishui-Ujani De Hehing or AMC-Hee-aan. And the monster that had its altar, which had to go through the portal. And if New Earth at an angle of 90 degrees to draw a line, and then from the planet at an angle of 45 degrees another one, and from the third - degree for 36 of the third, the fourth planet will be the one on which lives a monster. And his name – the devourer of bones...".
— As you say, -  Mick beckoned Max and they walked out the door. Twenty minutes later they returned, carrying three full bag of food.
— Как я мог забыть, — голос Вонга был медоточивый и ласковый, — да, детектив. И что же вас привело ко мне?
Got into the apartment. It was quiet. The boys slowly advanced. The apartment was one bedroom. Bedroom, living room, kitchen, pantry and bathroom + large balcony. Jamuel`s, was not in the living room nor the bedroom. Found it next to the toilet. The entire floor of the toilet was stained a yellowish puddles of vomit. The master was lying with his head in the toilet.
«Что такое случилось?» — с внезапной тревогой подумал Мик, — «похоже, что это он меня жалеет. А почему? Ладно, спрошу у лейтенанта». Спрашивать не пришлось, лейтенант сам зазвал Мика в кабинет.
— В Великобритании. Они уже вчера улетели. Вчетвером. Мики, Каори, Саеко и Рейко. Они нашли сайт, вышли на страничку и вычислили…
- Her name is Jen. In a month she turns sixteen. She is very energetic and loves to be the center of attention. Three days ago she went to a new year party to his friends...
— But for this we after the bath we will go to work to Georgina Scott, and she to share their thoughts.
— Now in a restaurant! — enthusiastically said Max, — time to three, the clouds ceased to close the sky. The weather is getting better.
-  No problem, — Max was sitting at the table. Picking his spoon cheesecake, Max thought, "What the hell am I crawled into a bottle? I understand perfectly, Mick`s worked with the guy for quite some time, and he has a good relationship with him, I why so angry? Maybe I'm jealous? No. This is not so. I'm normal! It's some other anger. Should quit. Now, I understand. I'm afraid for him. Specifically, I'm afraid. If Mick dies, then again, I was angry, embittered and be a psychiatric patient of the nearest shelter, if only anybody will not sew before. So I'm mad. It is necessary to tell Mick`s about this. He'll find a way. I'm sure".
— Да… вот… не знаю, как тебе сказать, — вздохнула Джо, — мне кажется, что лучше если ты отправишься обратно.
— Ты тоже можешь лечь, — Мик нажал кнопку, и оба сидения легли горизонтально, — укладывайся, джип покараулит и сообщит, если что-то будет подозрительное.
— Сияющая Галактика! — Гала вытащила из воздуха галактический бумеранг и запустила его в основание столба. После чего тоже обзавелась крыльями и присоединилась к подруге. Мик посмотрел на это, хмыкнул и выпустил крылья. Единственное, что отличало от остальных так то, что эта процедура у него сопровождалась болью. Но как только крылья заполоскались в воздухе, Мик взлетел и одним ударом разворотил весь дом к чертовой матери. В оставшуюся воронку он налил воды и засадил берега деревьями. Джо состарила весь пруд, и, сочтя миссию выполненной, улетела вместе с Галой. А Мик спланировал на землю и отправился до своего напарника.
— Я его знаю, — посветлел лицом Джек, — это наш осведомитель. У него младшая сестра — гот, подрабатывает в магазине косплея где-то в центре. Значит, он вернулся. Его какое-то время не было в городе, — объяснил он остальным.
В воскресение приехала Снежана. Нэш ей оказал некоторые услуги, и теперь она собиралась добраться до архивов ФБР.
Рейд Роджера в логово Большого Брата Бонзазы и Хитрована Хуана оказался не напрасным. Детективы узнали, что аукцион уже прошел, и хрустальный шар благополучно исчез из города.
Пока скелет отмокал в горячей ванне, Дайсуке поменял постельное белье и уложил вымытый скелетик в чистую кровать. Потом сел рядом и стал проникновенно вещать:
— С Голго я договорился. Его наблюдательный пост — полтора километра. Его позывные — ИГЛ (Eagle). Ваши — ДАВ (Dove), мой — СПАРРОУ (Sparrow). Я осуществляю наблюдение, ходя за Миком тенью, а вы сами договоритесь, кто и как будет вести Мика.
— Ну, зато я единственный человек в городе, у которого медовый месяц продлился всего два дня, — Мик вернул улыбку, — за ночь ничего не произошло?
Дайсуке спустился вниз и остановился. Около стойки горела лампа, но Мик сидел так, что был в темноте, а вот те, кто спускался, оказывались на свету. Дайсуке вновь был в своем костюме и в куртке. Мокрой. И его шляпа, из-за которой не было видно глаз. И отросшая бородка. И второй тип. Высокий, выше Дайсуке, шире в плечах, намного шире. Очень плотный, но не жирный, а мускулистый. Азиат, скорее всего японец. Лицо непроницаемо, характерная черта НАСТОЯЩИХ якудза. Квадратный подбородок, но с ямочкой. Прямой нос. Сжатый рот. Черные глаза. Взгляд суровый, но при этом несколько безмятежный. Черные брови — у переносицы широкие, к вискам — узкие. Как раз брови домиком. Одет в дорогой серый костюм, выглядывающий из-под черного непромокаемого плаща. Мик очень внимательно рассмотрел попутчика Дайсуке, а потом спросил:
Mick dropped  Snezhana at the bus stop, followed her landing and moved to work. Before he could drive off, the phone rang. Mick turned on the speakerphone.
А в это время Снежана была в той маленькой антикварной лавке, где она купила медальон. Хозяйка радушно приветствовала её.
— Вот еще, — Дайсуке ловко провел подсечку, вынул нож из руки Мика, усадил на стул и принялся перевязывать запястье, — Даже не думай. Никаких тебе смертей. Я сам сдохну, но ты выживешь.
— Ты спятил!!! — заорал Дайсуке, поворачиваясь к Мику и хватая его за ворот майки, — да, это чувство мелькнуло у меня, но я быстро подавил его! Ты должен забыть о таких мыслях?! Если бы я хотел бы видеть тебя мертвым, то… — Дайсуке уткнулся Мику в грудь и разрыдался.
- It is normal. Came back out a couple of stompers. To be exact - only four. Most single wolves. They returned to a weathered fence.
- Here is how?  - repeated Mck, - means for free? Well. Just let me remind you that  can be trouble...
На работу Мик приехал рано. Опять никого не было, кроме дежурного. Но сегодня сидел Стен Бурабурабарабум. Свою фамилию он получил от какого-то предка, которому удалось оказаться не в том месте и не в то время. Семейная легенда гласила, что сей невезучий предок, взлетев на воздух с кучей всякого мусора, закричал: — Бура-бура-бара-бум! Что было встречено хохотом его знакомых, но когда его нашли, вопль стал прозвищем, а потом плавно перешел в фамилию.
- Galaxy, help! — shining glare coated figure of Gala, and when they dissipated, Mick saw... Gale was silver short tunic, and underneath, black shorts. Legs silver sandals to his knees. Belt — black. The hair gathered into a high ponytail.
Max washed his hands. He had already decided to talk to Mick about what was bothering him, when suddenly the floor beneath him shook, the mirror was cracked, and the Max, without having kept standing, has fallen on the floor. He was bruised, but not disconnected. The more strange phenomenon lasted several seconds. Jumped up, rushed to the door. But it wouldn't budge. Something stuck her. Something outside. Max looked around. Window. He saw the window. The glass was cracked, but the frame remained intact. And it was at the level of its growth. Max grabbed the windowsill, hauled, broke the window and fell out to the front yard. Jumped to his feet and ran to the front door. But... they were not! And there was a gorgeous car! And absent the entire facade of the restaurant! Max felt terrified. He frantically looked at it, not feeling that flow unbidden tears.
-You will find my father? - Burt signed indications and looked at Mick`s. He met the gaze of a guy and said to myself that eye witness mother-of-pearl-blue.
В вестибюле обнаружилась псевдо древняя старушка, которая старушкой вовсе не была. Андроид класс «О». Андроиды данного класса были ориентированы на роли дворецких, нянь и всякие такие профессии, в которых чем старше выглядишь, тем солидней. Псевдо старушка сидела в большом мягком кресле и увлеченно вязала. Одета она была в строгое черное платье, все закрытое. На голове чепчик, из-под него выбиваются седые кудряшки.
- The Los Angeles Police Department.  Detectives Melloun  and Tanski, - the guys shoved under his nose to type their credentials.
